Orange Lounge Radio
Who's the host? DarkSakura, Skie and Loki
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, kind of a special edition tonight.
Although they're all a little bit special, particularly tonight's episode if you're here on this special Thursday.
In the head.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you to talk about video games and gaming culture and all that good stuff over the next few hours with my co-host.
First off, the one, the only, DarkSakura.
Hi.
How are you DarkSakura?
Educated.
Educated, edumacated. What did you learn today?
I learned that certain parties at my school have no concept of art.
Oh, that's unfortunate. Are you talking about like political parties? Are you talking about like sock hop?
I refrain from comment.
That and I hate this time of year because of all of the, do you want to, we want to talk to you about how you don't want to vote for this guy.
Oh, especially at college campuses, my lord.
No, on my cell phone.
Oh, good times.
Yeah.
Alright, also say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
Loki, what should I vote for in November?
Your mom.
Pornography.
Vote for your mom. I'd vote for your mom.
My mom's pretty awesome.
Cause your mom would just go, I can't believe you're all doing that. That's awful.
Rob, why, Rob, as president, I'm gonna ban that show, Rob.
You need to save your money.
It's only taken ten years before I finally started getting the porn spam in the old mailbox.
Only.
Only ten years. That is slow for internet. I mean it should be like five seconds.
Alright, well also joining us somewhat in studio tonight, say hello to Dan the Man is back.
Yes, I am.
How are you doing? Dan the Man?
Not average.
Good to hear.
Yeah, he's just average.
He's just, you know, he's alright.
Dan's my means to an end tonight.
Alright, so if you missed the memo during last week's show, and how dare you not listen to last week's show, but hey, at least you're listening tonight, so I forgive you, here's what's going on.
We're taping a little bit earlier in the week. It's a Thursday night right now, and we are live at vognetwork.com, so if you're hearing like, usually I hear music on Thursday nights, why is there a show?
We're here, we're doing this special thing. It will rebroadcast on Sunday night in our normal time slot, and then the podcast folks will get it about the time they usually get a podcast.
So if you're a podcast listener, you're like, oh, nothing's different except this week's a little bit shorter.
Well, because we are taping on an off night for us, so we got a little bit of a later start, and we'll have to get a little bit of an earlier finish.
Anyhow, though, still lots of stuff going on in the gaming world, but just the disclaimer at the top, the news is delayed a couple days here.
So there may be some things that have changed between Thursday, the day we tape, and Sunday night, Monday morning, the day the podcast goes out.
So just putting that disclaimer out there. Unless you're live at VOG Network right now on Thursday, in that case, I guess it's all current, as current as can be.
So if you do happen to be here live, I urge you guys to come in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, and join us there.
The Skype line will be open later, only the Skype line tonight, not the 800 number. That will be open a little bit later on.
First off, Tokyo Game Show, without getting into the news about it too much, Tokyo Game Show's going on.
Loki, you and I were talking a little bit before the show about some of the more surprising things that are not at Tokyo Game Show right now.
So the not news. What's not news this week?
Dead Rising 3.
Yeah, what's up with that? Because we had some pretty juicy rumors on that a couple months ago about the story.
I think it's going to be Dead Rising 3, to be honest. I think they just weren't ready yet.
It was probably one of those, oh hey, we're going to show this, but then they're like, well, you know what?
We still have a couple games in the pipeline that aren't even out yet, like Devil May Cry and Resident Evil, so let's not put Dead Rising 3 out there yet.
Because they don't probably have anything to show for it yet.
But next E3, I bet they will.
An E3 seems like the smarter time to, you know, well, I shouldn't say that, because certainly a lot of big stuff can debut at Tokyo Game Show.
But maybe, isn't Dead Rising...
They also have Captivate, what they do.
Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Dead Rising a little bit more of a probably game that sells here in the States than it does over in Japan?
I think so.
Yeah, well that makes sense.
Let's see, what else is in it at Tokyo Game Show? There was something I was thinking of.
Oh, Square, I know they've got some things going on, but I haven't heard a lot coming out about the Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn.
I don't know if that's still coming, or what's going on.
They should shoot something. They had, I think, a new trailer or something.
Did they? I know there's big Square news we'll get to later, but still no versus either, right?
No, I'm not surprised.
No Last Guardian, other than, yep, we're still working on it.
It's happening. It hasn't disappeared yet.
Alright, well we will get into all the news that's going on.
The Last Guardian is versus 13. Rumor!
Do you guys have any desire to go to Tokyo Game Show at some point in your life?
I just want to go to Tokyo.
You just want to go to Tokyo?
Yeah, and if I happen to be at the game show, then nice.
You could always plan to be there about that time.
To be honest, I'd rather go to Kyoto.
I'd rather go to Rockstar New York.
You want to go to Rockstar?
Dan wants to go to Tokyo because he wants to go to Akihabara.
That would be fun.
So he can buy Turbo Graphics games.
Who wouldn't want to buy Turbo Graphics games? Sounds like fun.
People who don't have Turbo Graphics.
Some folks in the chat, we do have a live chat room.
It's a small turnout tonight because we didn't really announce this
because we didn't know exactly what time we'd be up and everything,
so we really have the VOG loyalists at the Voice of Geeks Network in chat tonight.
And ShadowNextGen says,
Sony's Tokyo Game Show press conference was horrible,
but follows up with, I want to go to Tokyo Game Show at least once.
I'd like to go at least once, but it's really crowded from what I hear.
That and Gamescom are both really crowded shows
because they are open to the public, and I bet it's just kind of a mess.
You probably have to wait in Disneyland-style rides
to play anything out there on the floor.
E3 was bad enough there for a while,
especially before the big slim down back in 2006.
Loki, do you have any desire to go to Tokyo Game Show at some point?
Nope.
Why not?
Don't speak the language.
That would be difficult with the whole language barrier,
but does that mean you don't want to go to Gamescom either
because that's in Germany?
It's still Europe.
Strudel.
It's still Europe, so they have some English speaking.
The only thing I'd really want to go see at Tokyo Game Show
is D3's awesome booth.
We did a whole recreation of Earth Defense Force and LEGO.
They've been teasing it on their Facebook.
Of course. That's what you want to see.
They've been teasing it on their Facebook.
I'm like, why the fuck are they making LEGO characters?
It's kind of cool that they're doing the tank and the bugs and stuff like that in LEGO,
but why are they doing that?
It all makes sense now. It's this giant recreation.
That won't be there next year, though, unless you get lucky
and there's an Earth Defense Force 5.
You know, technically,
I mean, if I wanted to import it, next week is Earth Defense Force 3 Portable.
You thought about it?
For the Vita.
You thought about it?
In Japan.
Is the Vita region free? I thought it wasn't.
Oh, I thought it wasn't for some reason.
The digital marketplaces are, but...
Ah.
No, the 3DS is not.
Right, right.
What?
Yeah, so I can't get that awesome game unless I have an import.
Wow, that is the stupidest thing Nintendo's ever done.
I need a Japanese DS.
You didn't know the 3DS was region-locked?
After all this, how long has 3DS been out?
How many 3DSs do you see me owning?
I looked at the hardware and was like,
oh, it's the DS again.
Oh, and it's got blurry 3D.
Oh, and they've got absolutely no games I'm interested in.
Okay, yeah, I'll live.
I want that project cross whatever it's called.
Here's the reason why you need a 3DS, okay?
You take 3D pictures of cats and send them to your friends via SwapNote.
Can the Vita do that? I don't think so.
Is the power of three-dimensional cats in the PlayStation 3?
Maybe, but they're not unleashing it.
The 3DS is where 3D cat pics are at, sir.
Technically, I think if you have a 3D TV, I think you can view 3D photos.
You shut up!
I could give half a fuck.
Because I know...
But I'm keeping my half a fuck for when I need it.
Because I think there are some Sony cameras that do shoot in 3D.
I guess that is true.
Stop making points, asshole!
How dare you prove me wrong?
I don't know if I'm just speculating.
Oh, okay.
But you see, I've got that aura about anything I say to people.
Yeah, that's plausible. I'm gonna go with that.
If I look at the comments for last week's show on vognetwork.com,
apparently you are now right.
I even had to butt in and say,
Hold on, guys. Hold on. Slow down.
Loki's not right all the time. Don't let his ego get too big.
But apparently, Loki is like Miss Cleo now.
He knows everything.
So, kind of on a tangent here, but it's sort of...
I just started, out of curiosity, because I saw someone retweet him.
I started following Michael Pachter on Twitter.
Oh, yeah.
And, you know, he makes comments about things.
Some of his comments I just have...
Famous games analyst, right? The one that all the news stations call.
He's a game analyst. I don't like him because he's a game analyst.
And he does the same thing I do, except he gets paid, like, six figures or something like that.
Games analyst.
But anyways, so he's like...
And it didn't make any sense to me.
He's basically talking about how he thinks the Wii U is gonna do roughly about 50% of the units that the Wii did at launch.
But it's gonna have a good launch because it's already established.
You've got the hardcore gamers that are gonna buy into it.
And also because of the lack of units out there.
I'm like, how the fuck does a shortage on the system mean it's gonna sell better?
Ask the Wii. It worked.
It'll sell out because we've only put ten units out there.
Because it's what's gonna make the headlines on the local news.
Local news is stupid, okay.
Crazy motherfuckers lining up to get a Wii U at Kmart, selling them on eBay for six figures, all that stuff.
Except, here's the problem.
Nintendo plays that game, too.
Nintendo always does the shit where it's like, oh, there's like ten of them out there.
The only system that I don't think they really did that with was the 3DS, and look how that turned out.
Yeah, but here's the thing.
So you know that those things are going to be fucking impossible to find.
Just because they're gonna be hoping that the hype machine takes over.
Yeah, but the problem is the hype machine also didn't have to compete against the whole presidential campaign that's going on around the same time.
That's gonna eat out of headlines.
I'm gonna say, I'm gonna put this out there.
I think that they're probably not looking for the same demographic as paying attention to the presidential campaign.
Sad but true point.
The Wii U is for, what's the word I'm looking for?
Oh yeah, grade schoolers.
The presidential campaign is being run by grade schoolers.
The Wii U is meant for people that already own the Wii, but yet want another system that plays the same shit.
But nobody wants another system that plays the Wii.
That would be people that own the DS that bought the 3DS.
It's very clear that 47-
He's not allowed to talk anymore.
It's very clear that 47% of Americans don't care about the Wii U.
More like 7 to 4.
Yes, that's gonna be every show until the Wii launches, and then some.
On Bobby's last show, and this is all I hear.
It means playing together with our friends and family.
We as in multiple people.
Sexy party as in sexy party.
It looks fucking awesome and you're gonna have a party because it's sexy graphics all up on your fucking walls.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the video games we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura.
I played WoW.
I have a tune at 84.
And I've been playing Mass Effect 3, which I beat again.
Again.
Again.
Again.
Yeah.
Good times.
I love the comment from Black Wolf in our chat room right now.
Hey, sexy party.
It's not too late to get-
We'll buy Xbox style.
You make him the fucking spokesman.
That shit will sell.
Whoever can get that guy to sell their-
That shit will sell.
Whoever can get that guy to do the dance for the console will sell.
Nintendo, you wanna turn this shit around?
You know like, hey, you know, Wii would like to play?
It's fucking inside, it comes up to your door and it just fucking breaks it.
Busts it out.
I don't even know what this commercial is for but I'm gonna buy it.
I think Nintendo had something to do with it but-
That is quite possibly the worst thing you've ever said.
Reggie's gonna hear this.
Right.
Reggie's gonna hear this and then he's gonna be like, we're gonna do that.
And now the Wii's gonna be a big hit.
Good job.
I'm telling you man, you put that song, you put that guy in there, anything will sell.
I got some Peekman up in here.
It's another Mario game.
Hey.
Get a touch pad.
Alright, stop it now before this comes up funny.
Too late.
You shut up.
Alright.
Oh yes, gaming weeks, where were we?
Jamie beat Mass Effect 3 again and somehow that led to Gangnam Style.
Low key.
I played three things this week.
I played Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3.
A little bit of multiplayer there.
I played Borderlands 2 which is awesome because I only touched it for about like two hours on Sunday.
So finally got a little bit more game time in this week and I have to say it's a lot different.
Well, not a lot different from Borderlands but there's definitely more of a story in the game and the humor is hilarious.
Just listening to Handsome Jack go on about Butt Stallion, his diamond horse is hilarious.
Or writing in the Claptrap who gives you a quest to go find his secret loot stash.
He needs you to pick up a few rocks and then a little checkpoint thing comes up.
Find 133,000 rocks.
Or you must bring me the staff of the Destroyer of Worlds and then you must do a dance for me.
It's hilarious.
I'm really digging that game.
Then also I played a bit of Minecraft.
Still playing on the VoG network server.
Probably going to flip it over to creative mode in October here.
Can't wait.
May do it sooner. Maybe next week even.
Just so people can actually build some stuff without getting raped by Endermen.
And then finally played Bungie Ferret Tossing.
When I first played it I was actually ranked 4th for normal mode but I'm sure since I've only played it once I'm probably off.
Is that on the website?
I forgot to... I didn't have my phone with me so I didn't get the copy.
I don't know if you can look up your old codes.
The one you see on the Xbox is local.
So if you're 4th you're only 4th on your local warts.
You gotta do the online one.
You sure? Because I thought it was with friends too.
Is it?
I think it's friends on there.
I don't know. I thought...
Maybe. I don't know.
I thought you can't do that on Xbox Live.
But then again I think one of the other indie games I seem to remember in the past did something like that.
So maybe. I don't know.
Maybe. I don't know.
But if there's a way to look up that code again or I'll just do it next time.
We'll play it one more time and see where we get.
Bobby says he's waiting for creative mode to come build something.
He's scared of the creepers.
I'll flip it over tomorrow.
Good times.
Anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
My gaming week?
Sadly not a lot.
I also play Bungie Paratossing which we've talked about during the show.
And right now I'm number one on the Internet Leaderboard.
Or at least I was the other day.
I haven't checked in like 48 hours.
So maybe I've been dethroned.
I don't know.
But it's super adorable, cute.
I mean is it like gonna blow your mind?
Like is it the second coming of Mass Effect?
Or is it the next World of Warcraft?
No it's not.
There better be a second coming of Mass Effect.
Well actually we'll get into that later.
It's funny you bring that up.
But it's a dollar.
And for a dollar it's a great value.
Very 80's retro arcade vibe.
And kind of like it feels familiar yet it doesn't feel familiar.
With the whole like being able to move the helicopter and the bungee separately is pretty cool.
But you know disclaimer. Full disclosure.
It was kind of our idea.
So of course we're gonna like it.
And our voices and our logos and our cats are in it.
Otherwise not a lot of new stuff this week.
Still playing World of Warcraft because the big expansion is next week.
So I'm trying to gear up.
My characters get ready to go to level 90.
I do plan on getting Torchlight 2 which came out today for 20 bucks.
Which is kind of the in a way answer to Diablo 3.
Because a lot of the people who worked on Diablo 1 and 2.
It's the 47% Diablo 3.
It's the poor man's Diablo 3.
It's the welfare Diablo 3. Thank you.
Well considering my copy of Diablo 3 was free though.
Because I signed the blood contract.
I don't know what political system that would be.
But who cares?
Socialism.
Who cares? They're video games.
So yeah I definitely plan on getting Torchlight 2.
And I'll be able to play that for like a day or two.
And then Mr. Pandaria is out and we all know.
Let's not even try to kid ourselves.
It's gonna dominate my week.
But I hope to get LittleBigPlanet Vita somewhere in there too.
It's starting to be that season.
I'm gonna fall behind on all these games I gotta play.
And it's all gonna be Warcraft's fault.
There's only one thing I wanna get.
Never discussed how costly that is.
Oh.
You wanna talk about this on the air?
No.
Wait for future week.
There's a 99 point a billion chance that I'm not gonna.
Alright.
Well maybe we'll get it out of you on a future episode.
Uh, Dan.
What have you been playing this week?
You wanna tell us about anything?
Borderlands 2.
How do you like it?
It's awesome.
Why?
Well it's like Borderlands 1.
Which was awesome.
But there's more of it.
Sounds good to me.
Yes it does.
Dan the man everybody.
Well I think just like the characters are more developed in the game.
Like they actually.
I don't know.
It seems like they have a lot more to do.
You know.
I think that the new characters are like way more generic than the original characters.
Which I don't like.
Like I looked at all four characters.
Which are basically the same four characters.
I know they're supposed to be like extra ones downloadable.
But I'm looking at the soldier and I said and I'll be in a black guy.
It's like you're generic sort of white guy.
And I'm like okay.
It's entertaining cause you know you need more.
Well yeah exactly.
I'm like well I'm gonna go ahead and like look around and check out all the different like customizable options.
Which is just mostly different colors and like two or three different heads per character.
At the beginning you unlock more stuff.
And so then I checked out the hunter.
Who in the first game was kind of a cool character and I started with him.
And now he just looks like a generic like Raiden cyber ninja sort of guy.
And I was like okay.
And then the girl who's still just a hot girl.
And the berserker who's now the gunzerker and he's like a midget kind of berserker.
With like giant guns.
And I'm just like oh I'm kinda gonna do this.
But then I remembered how much I hated using the berserker and how much I liked using the soldier.
So I went with Channing Tatum.
Yeah I went with the assassin Zero.
So I've got him going there and I'm digging it.
I almost definitely do the assassin next.
Because I immediately started playing with sniper rifles and pistols.
And I was just like why did I choose the soldier?
And then I got my turret and I was like this is why I chose the soldier.
Because the turret is awesome.
Do you want to show back Rob?
Doesn't matter but I'll just say in Borderlands 1 the only character I've played.
Because I'm about five years behind the rest of you.
The only character I've played is the sexy lady.
And I love being able to press the button and run like hell.
So hopefully if the gal is kind of like a clone or whatever.
Then I hope I can run.
Well she's one of the sirens and apparently there's only like five sirens in the whole world or something like that.
And it's cool because you run into all the old characters again.
She shows up early on and beats that ass.
Yeah it's pretty sweet.
And then also they had an interview today or something that they said that they've built it where they can add more character classes later on DLC.
Because they already announced the fifth one that they're going to do.
Right it wasn't like the...
The mecromancer.
The mecromancer.
And then they've got more that they could possibly do later on.
Here's the thing that's weird about Gearbox.
Gearbox and Borderlands are fucking just awesome.
It's just like a great game.
And then they also did Duke Nukem Forever.
They didn't do Duke Nukem Forever.
All they did was take what was done, make it work, and put it out.
So you can't blame Gearbox for Duke Nukem Forever.
And it had to be released.
There's no way you couldn't have released that game.
It had to be done.
It had to be unleashed upon the world.
And if you want a copy now you can get one brand new for ten bucks.
Well they shouldn't have put their name on it then.
They should have just finished it.
Can't blame them for that.
You want to get paid right?
Shit! They could have put my name on it.
That's all the text would have said on the back of the box.
Wouldn't have said Duke is back. Wouldn't have said he's a badass.
It would have literally said fuck it.
It had to be released.
Alright.
I think that's it for my gaming week.
Dan's going to be reading my stories tonight by the way.
Is he?
Yeah he is.
Are you just fighting again? It's always awkward.
Dan wouldn't give me the mic back until I snatched it from him.
He doesn't like sharing a mic with me.
I don't like sharing anything with you.
Alright.
She was mad I bought a new video card.
Among other reasons.
I got a new video card and now she's mad because my computer's got better graphics than hers.
Oh. That is a reason to be upset though.
I'm going to go ahead and put this out there.
It has way better graphics than hers.
I don't mean to get in the middle of arguments because that's not what it's trying to do.
Like mind numbingly better graphics.
But if Alan did that to me, that would be grounds for sleeping on the couch.
His computer already runs a little better than mine and I am a little jealous because I'm like your computer's not as good.
Why does it run better? I don't understand.
This makes me upset.
Overclock?
I don't know.
Witchcraft.
That's what. Powered by witchcraft.
Alright. Housekeeping tonight.
Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R and of course our Facebook community.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
We will be back with episode number 475 next Sunday.
That would be Sunday the 30th.
We'll be back. Last day of the month with episode 475.
Alright. Let's get into what's going on in video game news.
And we'll go back to Tokyo Game Show I guess.
Yes. We're going to talk about Sony and their little press conference that they had.
They announced a new redesigned Playstation 3.
It's flatter than ever before.
It's like. Yeah. And it's got texture on top. Cool.
So it doesn't look as dusty?
No. Actually it looks. I like the little texture they have on it. But yeah. It's even thinner.
It's like someone ran over it with an SUV or something like that. So. Neat.
They're going to have a 250GB model which is going to be coming out I think next week actually.
With the Game of the Year edition of Uncharted 3.
And then also 30 bucks towards Dust 514 in case you wanted to play that.
And then of course later on in the year at the end of October a 500GB model will launch for $299.
And they'll include. They're also going to have like an Assassin's Creed 3 bundle and stuff like that.
It's weird though. In Europe and Hong Kong they also got a 12GB flash memory version.
And here's the strangest part about that is. You can add a hard drive to that.
But when you add the hard drive to it. The 12GB of flash memory stopped working.
It's probably like a bypass or something. It's a weird thing.
Yeah. It's just. It's really strange. How do you load disks in the new one?
Same way as the old one.
Okay. So it's still like a tray? Yeah. Or like a slot?
Yeah. It makes sense because if they did a regular. I don't know. I don't know why.
Looking at the picture it almost looked like one side slid over like it was a top loader.
And I was just like. That's really bizarre. But if it's a slot loader I guess.
Yeah. I don't even think they have any top loading Blu-ray players. I mean that would have been strange.
Well it would have been a way to price it down another. Because it's only what? $30 less?
Well yeah. It's $269. But I mean still that's pretty good for a 250GB system.
Isn't there a 600GB version?
Well $500. Okay $500. That's a lot of gigabytes.
That's. I mean I have a 500GB hard drive in mind and I'll never fill that thing up.
That's like a week worth of saving stuff for Jamie.
Let's say PlayStation Plus. In which case I could.
I have an $80 and I'm having a lot of issues. Like I do have to kind of cycle through stuff that I'm not really playing anymore.
I got to delete it out. DC Universe Online or whatever had to go and you know. I'm having problems.
And that's just $80. So I could use a 500GB or rig my PlayStation to use an external. I don't know.
Because I have a terabyte hard drive. I just use a supportable drive.
Also another thing they announced is that they're going to be doing the PlayStation Plus service.
It's going to be coming to the Vita in November.
Yay! Free stuff on the Vita. Awesome.
Yes. So that's pretty awesome.
Not really free.
Well name free if you pay for it.
Freer than Xbox Live.
True that.
It's true. Also PlayStation Mobile is going to be launching on October 3rd as well.
So they've got that.
I thought there already was PlayStation Mobile. What's the difference? I already thought there was.
Because I know Flaco Jones has one of those phones I think. I've heard them talk about it before.
But I don't think that they've actually launched like any of the store for it yet.
I think they have some games that you can buy.
There are at least like three games on it.
But I don't think that they have like the PlayStation store yet.
But they're redoing the whole thing because now that they've broken up from Ericsson, like the whole PlayStation phone project, you know, what was it called? The Xperia, right? The Play.
The Xperia Play, yeah.
And they sold like eight of them. Really? Really?
Well the thing is those phones didn't look that bad.
My wife is a snot.
Their tablets that they have though are really weird looking. Like that one that looks like actually the new PlayStation 3 split in half and it's on a hinge or something like that.
Well you don't want to make it look like a tablet or Apple will sue the shit out of you.
I was going to say, you know your stuff when it comes to phones because it's kind of like, you know, related to the job.
Yeah, that's what I got to do these days.
How do you feel about iPhone 5?
It's like a longer iPhone.
It's like somebody dipped it in water.
It's like a longer iPhone that's getting some Android features. So there you go. Good job.
I like the iPhone. I'm actually a big fan of the iPhone. I don't have one anymore but I miss it because I like the way that Apple makes all their stuff play together and I think it's a great product. It's smooth and elegant.
How about the Windows 8 phones?
I haven't really got to play with them. I mean I played with one of like, I guess it would be the Windows 7 phone, whatever the current generation of Windows phones are.
Yeah, they're cool. I mean there's nothing too bad to say about them but you can't beat the support that Apple has gotten for the iPhone.
I was just curious. No reason.
The iPhone long.
Some of their apps need a little tweaking.
Well, here's the thing. I want to replace my iPhone 4 and I'm no longer in contract. So the logical choice is we have all the apps, blah, blah, blah, get an iPhone 5, stupid.
But then I'm like, well, in my mind I'm justified if I just don't get an iPhone 5 because I have the iPad because clearly I've gone down on Apple several times in the past couple years.
Gone down.
I have an iPad, the new iPad or whatever. So technically my apps, I have something to use them on. So I could go Android or something else but I don't know, I hear mixed things about it.
To give you a perspective on it, I've had two Android phones now and the next time I come up for an upgrade, I'm probably getting another Apple.
I'm thinking about Windows 8 phones though, holding out for those. Although Windows 8 doesn't really excite me, I don't know.
That sounds like a bad idea.
What? You want the mic?
I have a Galaxy S2.
Come over here and take it from me.
No.
She wants to comment, let the lady have the mic.
Give it!
See, I've got my wonderful-
Don't break, that's how mics get broken.
I have my wonderful Samsung Galaxy S2 and it works just fine.
Alan wants an S3.
So, first of all, from everyone I've heard who's tested Window 8, it's shit.
Let me finish-
Shut up.
After having used a Windows phone of my friends, it's shit.
I can only think that if you put shit on shit, it will get shittier.
I don't think that you can- you have to put a seed of something in there to make the flowers grow and without that it's just shit.
Yeah, Windows 8 I'm a little less excited about, but I thought maybe- since it kind of makes your desktop look like a tablet, I thought maybe the mobile version would kind of rock.
Tablet or ugly ass art display.
It's like I'm walking into a fucking hipster art gallery staring at the damn Metro interface.
Alright.
Because they thought that neon orange, pink, green, and blue was a fucking fantastic idea.
That'll be- that just won't burn my retinas.
Let's move on before we get too far off track.
Yeah, other real quick stuff.
Of course, also, the Vita's getting some new colors.
Red and blue. I'm not gonna say cosmic red and sapphire blue because it's just fucking- just call it red.
Say PlayStation Vita red.
PlayStation Vita blue.
You don't have to get all sexy with the name.
Cosmic red!
Sapphire blue!
I'm just saying that's more of a cadmium color.
Saturday night vomit green!
Is that like a Crayola?
Something like that.
Or is that a Pantone code?
Cadmium is used as a red dye on the warm tone.
It's crimson's, like, especially an alizarin crimson that's on the cooler spectrum of red.
And mommy says I'm not supposed to eat red dye.
And some of the coolest news-
Excuse me, this is made from bug butts.
Some of the coolest news about the Vita-
Just true.
Muramasa the Demon Blade is gonna be coming onto the Vita at the end of March.
So that's pretty sweet.
It is true, by the way.
Yes, I understand.
Red dye number 40 is made from beetles.
Muramasa the Demon Blade? Made from beetles?
Yeah. Vanilla Wear's really sexy looking 2D action game.
Alright, so that was it for Sony, yes?
That was it.
Let's talk about Microsoft for a minute over on this side of the pond because this did not come out of Tokyo Game Show
because, lol, Microsoft in Japan.
But this is pretty big news here for, you know, the US and Europe and places where people are actually buying Xbox 360s.
You know, they might do better in Japan if they had Sai, you know, pimping out the Xbox 360.
Buy Xbox style!
Okay, forget it.
Apparently Microsoft has hired a CBS executive.
As in, you know, the network that has my favorite TV show, Big Brother.
Oh great, that with the Kinect cameras. I can't wait.
Thank you.
By a vote of 3 to 1, Dan, you have been evicted from the Kinect house.
Alright, uh, anyhow, apparently a new exec has been hired from CBS.
It's Nancy Tellum and she was with CBS as entertainment president before.
I don't know exactly what she did as CB- oh, I mean, I know she was entertainment president.
I don't know what she did or did not bring to the network.
She brought wonderful puns with her last name.
You tell him!
That wasn't very funny.
Get out.
But CBS has been doing pretty well the past couple years, so I imagine it's pretty in part to whatever she's doing.
Anyhow, she's going to be making content, or I guess leading this effort to make content on the Xbox 360 that will reach, quote, a very broad range of consumers.
We're going to reach out to a very broad range of consumers.
When I first got to CBS, we looked at what the core audience was and built from there.
And that's just what I'm going to do again.
Interesting, because if I were to look at the core audience of the Xbox 360, I'd basically be looking at, you know, making Spike TV or G4 or something like that all over again.
Now, CBS used to be the grandma network, right?
Murder She Wrote, Diagnosis Murder, Chicago Hope, all that stuff.
What is it about old people and murder shows?
Because old people are paranoid and they think everyone's out to murder them.
That's all old people can think about is death.
It's good that they have an old person advocate for them that's stopping the murderer so that the old people can feel safe.
Well, here's the thing. Murder She Wrote is exactly what the Xbox 360 needs to expand their audience.
It'd be a point and click game.
That actually would be a good game.
They already have that on PC.
Yeah, I was going to say, I think they have those games. Nancy Drew games.
That shit sells like crazy.
It's kind of like the Undiscussed thing in gaming, like no podcast I know of talks about it.
But those games sell.
There's nothing left for old people anymore since Andy Griffith died.
Well, there's other celebrities that, you know, old people love.
Wilford Brimley.
Okay, you explain to me how Dancing with the Stars is popular.
Who's watching Dancing with the Stars?
Stacy Keibler was on it and they keep hoping she'll come back.
Who's watching Dancing with the Stars? Who is watching it?
Somebody.
Old people.
I watch it on YouTube.
Old people and Jamie are watching Dancing with the Stars.
I watched three episodes of Dancing with the Stars when I was in the hospital.
I watched while Stacy Keibler was on because she has pretty epic legs.
I watched no episodes of that.
I was just wondering, I just kept thinking that they were moving independently of her, that they were their own entity.
Because, I mean, seriously, no one has legs that long.
Anyhow, back to the article in question.
We don't know what type-
No! No!
You know what the scam of that is, is that Stacy Keibler is like a professionally trained dancer.
So, why the fuck was she on Dancing with the Stars?
Well, it's just like that one guy from-
She didn't even win.
The Drew Carey show or whatever.
But, I will admit-
What's his name?
Drew Carey.
She is smokingly hot.
The year I watched, Christy Yamaguchi was on and it was clear that she was like a million li-
Wait a minute.
This show has just resorted to Dancing with the Stars talk.
I am drawing the fucking line here.
The line must be drawn here!
Back to the story.
We don't know exactly what type of content this is.
Is it short little pieces like inside Xbox?
Rest in peace.
Is it longer pieces like TV shows?
Julie Chen hosted programming?
Who knows?
Is it a crappy reality show where you vied to become a product tester?
Let's hope!
Let's hope because we haven't heard anything about a tester before.
I didn't see online casting, so I'm thinking the tester got cancelled.
I don't know.
And there was much rejoicing.
Do we know?
Yay.
We do.
We have some-
We're-
The nice thing is, having this podcast for ten years,
I think we've finally ascended to about that D-list video game celebrity list,
where we are on par with some of the tester contestants.
So we-
We should get Kathy Griffin to be our advocate.
You'd think one of them would have told us if they're doing a tester for or not.
We haven't heard.
But anyway, I don't-
As far as the Xbox programming goes,
what do you think?
I mean, what do you think this means for the direction of Microsoft in the future and all that?
I mean, it's very clear Microsoft is trying to infiltrate the living room
and maybe will broadcast programming all over your walls and who knows what.
I- Right now, you know, I can't get excited about anything
because when they were talking about all their, you know, TV network partnerships and stuff like that,
it just became like a bunch of apps.
I just-
Eh.
It's an interesting idea.
I just don't know if I trust that it'll work.
You know what- You know what was a great idea?
You know what was a great idea?
One versus one hundred.
One versus one hundred.
That was a TV- That was your TV network.
Wasn't it?
Oh my god, Dan and I agree on something.
Hold on, I gotta chat with Dan.
Wasn't one versus one hundred awesome?
One versus one hundred was great.
People were like getting on Xbox Live and stuff just to play one versus one hundred.
Why did they get rid of one versus one hundred?
Because Microsoft sucks.
Thank you.
We agree on something.
Moving on.
More news.
Dark Sakura.
Well, I killed my husband five seconds ago.
No, not really.
I just punched him in the kidneys.
So, there's been an announcement for PlayStation 3.
Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix.
Ermahgerd!
Ermahgerd, Kerndomhertz.
Famitsu reported that it will be out next year for PlayStation 3,
and I have no idea what's gonna be special about it other than being HD.
Maybe I'll actually beat it.
It's the actual Kingdom Hearts game.
It's, er, Kingdom Hearts 1.
Erm, was it, er, one?
The Chains of Memories.
Chains of Memories and 358.
Yeah, and 358.2dia.
So, I kind of want it.
Which is a terrible name.
Well 358.2, I had heard they don't know if they're really gonna port the game.
Has cutscenes.
It's just gonna be the cutscenes.
In pretty HD.
That could be interesting.
I kind of want it.
Now, here's the big question.
Is this building the hype train for a Kingdom Hearts 3?
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
Why don't they just put two in there too?
Yeah, and where's two?
Or is this, you know, let's milk this slowly?
It's, it's Sony.
And Disney.
How many things are they gonna milk?
All the things.
One teat at a time.
All the things.
All of them.
The things?
Shit.
It's, it's Square Enix.
And, you know, well, we're gonna get in this.
All the things.
They are milking their shit.
Yet, yet we're saying all this and I will sit right here and tell you, I am buying this shit the day it comes out.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
I just said I wanted it.
Sign me up for corporate whoredom.
Nope.
Not you.
Not me.
Sitting out.
Probably one of the people at the corporate teat of Squeenix.
I'll be, gimme.
I.
No you can't have it.
I also missed.
No you can't have it.
I also missed Chains of Memories.
Before she can buy any more Kingdom Hearts games, she has to beat her copies of Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2.
No, I have to, you have to fix my copy of 2.
I can't, your copy of 2 is fine.
You just need to restart.
I mean, it's not like you would know where you left off anyway.
You haven't played it in like, what?
I don't know where I left off.
10 years?
I'm, uh, fucking, I have to go back and do the pirate thing again.
I was even further.
And then she made me stop playing, cause she was not, that I was gonna beat the game first.
Give it.
I said you could.
The thing is, all I did was just customize.
The only guy that upgraded was Sora though.
Give.
I didn't upgrade Donald or Goofy.
Give.
Loki, how's your dinner?
Tasty.
Give it.
Dan, go leave and get me something to eat.
I'll punch you in the kidney.
You'll pee blood for a year.
Next story.
Help.
If he's peeing blood for a year, that's seriously a clotting problem.
Um.
I'll give you a clot.
Anyways.
So Valve.
They've got some hardware coming.
Funny.
Valve hardware.
Valve is a piece of hardware.
Read the news.
Alright.
So anyways.
Their hardware is going into the beta next year.
But what is their hardware?
Eh, who knows.
But it's going, they're having internal beta tests of their hardware.
I only hope that some sort of computer is shaped like one of the portal turrets.
Because then I'd have to buy it.
I mean, come on.
That'd be awesome.
That would be kind of awesome, actually.
Did you see the video this week from Weta?
I want one.
Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
Just try to get near that baby.
Interesting that it's going to be next year for the Valve hardware, right?
And not before the holiday season?
It's going to be next year, yeah.
Is that because we're going to expect a big push?
Although, 2013 seems like a bad time to release a console if you're somebody new.
Because you're going to have Sony and Microsoft enter the ring next year.
As far as we know, they're both going to debut their consoles next year.
Sony could go another year.
I think Microsoft will launch next year.
Sony might go wait until 2014.
It's going to be rough.
It's hard to say if any of them are going to launch next year.
I mean, I think they could still be fine launching hardware.
Because I don't think they're really going to be competing against consoles.
I mean, they're kind of like, hey, here's a cool way you can play some awesome PC games.
It's almost like an on-live type thing.
I just don't know how they're going to put out hardware.
Because that's one thing with PC is that you have to constantly upgrade.
So, even if they put out some nice hardware that runs stuff now, two years from now, it's not going to run stuff that well.
That's true.
Which is too bad.
Because that's kind of the dilemma I'm in right now.
I use my laptop more.
Although my laptop has better specs than my PC.
My PC is clocked faster and was my gaming machine for a while.
But now it's old graphics cards and processor and stuff.
Can't keep up with it.
And I've got to buy all new stuff to be able to do it.
That's the thing, though.
A console-like device for a PC is going to have to be constantly upgraded.
Good point.
Moving on to something else out of Tokyo Game Show.
And speaking of consoles, this will be a big console game whenever it's released, I'm sure.
It's a new game from Kiji Inafune, who was the guy that left Capcom.
Who used to do Mega Man, right?
So, what's he doing now?
Oh, and Dead Rising?
Oh, yeah.
So, what's he working on now?
It's a game called Yaiba Ninja Gaiden Z.
Yes, that Ninja Gaiden.
It's not part of the other Ninja Gaiden trilogy.
This is a new game.
The trailer was very weird.
It was talking about zombies and stuff.
And apparently, the new protagonist in this game, the mission is to kill Ryu Hayabusa.
So, that could be interesting.
The trailer looked pretty sweet.
It's got kind of like that cel-shading graphics and pretty action-packed.
But it was very heavy on the cutscene, so you couldn't really tell what the game looked like.
It's gotta have zombies in it.
Of course.
Sell millions more copies.
Why can't they have sea creatures?
This is coming out from Tecmo, and they are partnering up with Spark, which is a western developer.
So, that will be coming, I'm assuming, next year at some point.
In the meantime...
Well, there's actually been a trademark renewal that Microsoft has done for Killer Instinct.
They've actually stated that they've either renewed or refiled the trademark applications.
But there was an interview not too long ago where one of their 3D modelers at Rare said that
Microsoft wasn't interested in doing another fighting game, so they don't think it ever will be done.
But who knows? Maybe we'll get...
Let's just hope he was lying.
Maybe he just didn't know.
Maybe now the time is right.
I do think that a lot of it is wishful thinking.
It's probably just that they have to renew the trademarks so somebody else doesn't come in and do a Killer Instinct game or whatever.
But it certainly does raise hope.
It would be a killer launch title for whatever the next Xbox is.
We were just watching playthroughs the other day, and they have the worst necks.
And their skin looks like plastic.
But some of the best music.
I know, right?
Like freakin'...
What's-her-face music from KI2?
Orchid's music from KI2 was the best.
The only one I have here handy real quick is...
I remember when I lived in Alabama and Dan and I were just friends on the interwebs.
How he recorded, waited until the game started up with Orchid's music to record it for me.
And didn't you say it took you like 30 minutes to do it?
Aww, that's kinda romantic.
I had a really hard time getting like the exact spot where it started because I don't know if there was a sound test or if I just wasn't smart enough to use it.
That's like really sweet in a way.
I'm a nice guy.
Look at you guys now.
Yep.
What happened? Oh, you got married. That's right. You got married.
Jimmy!
Alright.
I love that bastard.
So I'm sure I speak for everybody when I say Killer Instinct 3, please.
I wish.
Release dates! Let's travel around the world and talk about games that will actually be coming out sometime soon.
Yes, this week we've got the Angry Birds trilogy on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the 3DS.
Whoopee!
You know, millions of other people disagree with you, but yes. I agree with you.
I yawned.
Uh, Wipeout 3 on 3DS, Xbox 360, and Wii. No, it's not the cool racing game Wipeout, but more of the obstacle show game.
Oh god.
Yeah.
The Testament of Sherlock Holmes on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Puzzler World 2012 3D on the 3DS.
Disney Princess My Fairy Tale Adventure on the Wii, 3DS, and DS.
Uh, some game called World of Warcraft Missa Pandaria.
Panda Panda Panda Panda Panda Panda Panda Panda Panda.
That's coming out.
And, uh, No Unker.
Yeah. Dead or Alive 5 on PS3 and 360.
FIFA Soccer 13 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, PSP, Vita, and 3DS.
And... that's it.
You forgot the most important title, although it's download, so that's why you missed it.
Tokyo Jungle is out this next week on the PlayStation 3.
That's pretty awesome.
That's pretty awesome.
Honestly, like, I might have to not play World of Warcraft for a little bit to go play Tokyo Jungle,
because that game looks... lolsy. I can't wait.
And that's the, if you don't know Tokyo Jungle, that's the game where basically you play, like, animals trying to survive.
It's like 28 days later with animals.
And they're killing other animals, and you get to eat animals.
And you get to be, like, a pug in good times. A poodle, and...
But it's not Nintendogs. It's Nintendogs if they killed each other.
It's like Nintendogs meets Hunger Games.
How about Nintendferrets?
That's the game that Nintendo should make.
Nintendogs to the death.
Oh, that's terrible, Dan!
Thank God he didn't have a mic. He said Nintendogs, Michael Vick edition. That's terrible.
Oh, you said thank God he didn't have a mic, and then you repeated it.
That means you're going to hell with him.
Yeah, now it's not funny anymore.
It's not funny when it's real.
Alright, moving on to Japanese release dates.
On the Xbox 360 on September 27th.
Dead or Alive 5.
Love Tori, sweet version in regular and limited edition.
And Sleeping Dogs, Hong Kong.
They're not dead, they're just sleeping.
Sleeping Dogs, Hong Kong Himitsu Keisatsu comes out on the Xbox 360 this week.
On the Playstation 3, also Dead or Alive 5 and Sleeping Dogs, that same game.
As well as a new headset, if you're so inclined.
I think it's a third-party headset, but probably to support that official Playstation 1 that just came out not that long ago.
On the Vita this week, DJ Max Technica Tune.
I think there might be a few people I know that are interested in that one.
That is coming out.
Dan Ball.
That's what it's called. Dan Ball's second game.
Yay! Dan's Balls.
Nobunaga no Yabu, Tenduo with a power-up kit.
And it looks like these are Ys games.
Ys Selectica no Jukai, it's a 25th anniversary limited edition of Ys, so that's pretty cool.
And some game I've never heard of called Earth Defense Force 3 Portable, also on the Vita this week.
Lastly, taking a look at the 3DS this week.
Chibi Devil, Kokuga 3DS LL, I'm thinking that's their version of the XL in pink and white.
And Wagamama Fashion, Girls Mode, Yokubari Sengen.
The only thing that's not cool about Earth Defense Force 3 Portable is it's $72.
Ouch.
I'm not importing that.
Ouch.
I'm trying to see what this Fashion Girls game is, but they don't actually show screenshots.
It's just the little cover art is this very badly drawn anime chick who has no neck.
She has a neck?
No, it's...
She has a neck?
It's weird.
She's got a neck.
And she's carrying this little, like, coach purse and... yeah, whatever.
I kind of want it.
No you don't.
Yeah, I do.
Alright.
Other release dates for other countries. Dark Sakura.
I'm gonna start with the 20th, because that's today.
We have Rayman Jungle Run on Android and iPad, but no one has an Android, so it's fine.
Torchlight 2 for PC.
On the 21st, F1 2012, One Piece Kaizoku Musou.
We have One Piece Pirate Warriors. Is it the same game?
Oh.
It is.
Yeah, then why did they list it twice? They're stupid.
Oh, we did this last week.
Okay, Borderlands 2. Blah.
On the 25th, World of Warcraft Mists of Pandaria. Oh my god, Pandas.
26th, Marvel vs. Capcom Origins.
27th, Bad Piggies.
And Half-Minute Heroes Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy for PC.
And 28th, Carrier Command Gaia Mission. It doesn't say Gaia, it says Gaia.
FIFA 13 and Inazuma Eleven Strikers.
And I'm spent.
Alright.
Well, let's take a trip back to a time when gaming was a little bit simpler and, you know, we didn't have crazy games like Tokyo Jungle.
Well, the games were actually kind of crazy in their own special way.
I totally want to play Tokyo Jungle.
Uh, it is the classic game of the week. Where's my cue music? There it is.
Dark Soccer's gonna dive into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, asshole, play this game.
In this case, it was, you didn't pick a classic game, pick one while I'm in the car. So...
That may have happened, yes.
So, uh, it's Vectorman.
Because Dan was watching a playthrough of this the other day and I was like, I remember that game.
It was full of green balls.
Dan says, coolest title screen ever, which I agree. Fairly cool.
Very, uh, early 90s.
Um, so it's basically a run and gun kind of game. It was done by Blue Sky Software and published for Sega for the Mega Drive slash Genesis.
Came out October 24th, 1995 in North America and on the 30th in Europe.
Sorry, November 30th in Europe.
It's been out on a bunch of other stuff, usually in various Genesis collections for other handheld systems and virtual console and whatnot.
But it was originally a Genesis game.
And it had a console on the cover.
So, Vectorman.
Basically, it's got orbots in it, but they're not mighty.
And if anyone remembers that show, which I'm sure Dan does.
Um, so, uh, you have to stop this particular orbot who gets merged with a nuclear missile and goes insane and becomes Warhead, which is the coolest name ever.
And then, um, Vectorman has to go around and clean up some toxic crap and shoot some TVs and save the earth.
Save the earth. Kill your TV.
Really, you do shoot, like, TVs everywhere.
Yeah, you do. I'm watching this playthrough right now.
Um, I'll go ahead and talk about Vectorman 2, the sequel.
Um, basically, it's, uh, you have to basically clean up mutant insects and kill the Black Widow Queen.
Oh, shit!
Vectorman's another game that if you knew the storyline, it was actually a way better game.
It was sort of like Wall-E, where the earth was rendered uninhabitable, like, thousands of years in the future.
And there was this, like, really awesome robot, not Vectorman, who was, like, sent to clean it up.
But they accidentally attached a nuclear missile to his head, and he became Warhead.
And then Vectorman, and he turned all the robots on Earth evil.
And when the humans came back, he was gonna whoop that ass.
Now, Vectorman was, like, driving his barge of garbage to the sun, and he came back and decided,
Man, I gotta take these guys out.
And then you run around shooting shit in a fairly generic shooter.
It had really good graphics.
Vectorman was an awesome game for the Genesis.
Jamie doesn't know shit about it.
She'd pick it at random.
Wall-E was such a good movie, though.
Don't do what?
This is what I do.
Moving on with Classic Game of the Week.
So, as I said, it had a play-to-win contest that went with it, where you could win $25,000 or $10,000 or a Sega Saturn.
So, yay.
It was pretty much a success.
It had great level design, great graphics, as my wonderful, tactful spouse has said.
And it won EGM's best Sega Mega Drive game of 1995.
There was a third game in the works, and it was cancelled in 2003.
It was gonna be on the PlayStation.
The character actually looked very similar to Master Chief.
He kinda does, actually.
Well, for Vectorman 3.
Oh, I see. I can see, though, where it could, you know, come from this guy.
I think I played this for, like, 15 seconds in one of the Sega collections I had, and I was like,
eh, I don't get it.
I went back to Sonic.
My ex-roommate, like, would just play these games for hours and just beat the hell out of him.
She was really good.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Cool. Alright, there it is.
Your classic game of the week, Vectorman on the Sega Genesis, Mega Drive, whatever you want to call it.
There you go.
No break tonight.
We're going right through, and we'll kick off with some rapid-fire news up next.
Loki.
Alright, so Humble Indie Bundle 6 is available now, and you can check it out.
This time around, they've got some pretty cool games.
I actually picked it up already.
And in it, let's see, Dust Force, which you can unlock if you pay more than the average.
Rashard, Shatter, Spaz, Torchlight, Vessel, and at least that's it right now.
Who knows?
They probably will add more stuff, probably the previous pack at some point soon.
Still a great deal.
Torchlight's a great game if you somehow still have not played it.
I'm not as familiar with the other games in the bundle, I don't think.
Let me look again at the list.
But I think I've bought all but one of these, so I'll probably get this one too.
Right, yeah.
It's a great, great thing.
Right now, the average is $5.79.
And let's be honest, if you don't want to pick up Dust Force, and you want to be kind of a dick about it,
you can pay a penny and still get, you know.
But you shouldn't do that.
Six, you know, five games.
Give the money to charity if you must, you know.
You should still pay at least five bucks.
These are all really good games.
So that's pretty cool.
And the soundtracks too.
That's part of the reason why I want to get it, even though I already own Torchlight.
Just to get the soundtracks.
Yeah.
So they've got that.
And then of course, also, there's a new game that's on iOS from Square Enix.
And Square Enix likes to charge a lot for their games.
Now this one isn't that expensive.
It's $6.99.
The game's called Demon's Score.
And it's a rhythm action game from Anise, which you may remember.
You know, Lead Beat Agents.
Anyways, so it's kind of a rhythm music game.
But then you can also unlock, like, different characters in it.
And when you unlock those characters, you have to pay $3 to actually play as those characters.
And apparently there's about, oh, I don't know, $40 worth of DLC in this game.
So to actually play as those other characters, it would cost you another $40 on an iOS game.
I'm sorry, $30 worth of extra content.
Funk that.
Yeah.
All the characters seem to be big-breasted women, so I'm not really sure what's going on.
Oh, well, now I'm kind of interested again all of a sudden.
No. Not really.
We just had a Square Enix music game, too, which is kind of weird, the theater rhythm.
But I know this is different, because it's not even the same design or anything.
But it's just weird that we have these different music games with an abundance of DLC, kind of almost back-to-back.
And I guess each character has a different style of music.
So you might have one that has, like, funk.
One that's, you know, classical, or looks like Latin, and I don't know.
Well, speaking of milking it for all it's worth, I can't believe this collection's coming again.
But I do love my classic game collections.
Might have to check out Midway Arcade Origins.
It is a collection coming out for the Xbox and the PlayStation 3.
More than 30 Midway titles from the golden age of arcades.
You can expect things like Gauntlet, Joust, Defender, Rampage, Spy Hunter.
I think every single one of those games was on the previous collection.
Marble Madness.
Marble Madness is in this collection, though.
I don't think that was in any of the previous ones.
I'm surprised it didn't.
Was it?
Yes.
Damn it.
It's all re-releases.
It's just a new factor for them.
I'm surprised they haven't done an HD remake of some of these arcades.
Not necessarily an HD remake, but just redo the graphics in HD.
For a short time, there was Joust and Robotron.
And some of them were the early early Xbox arcade releases.
Remember when Xbox arcade was mostly just re-releases of old shit?
I think Gauntlet was one of them, too, really early on.
Yeah, I bought that.
And they're not available anymore.
I want to say some of them had at least high definition smoothing.
And some of the cheap and easy effects on it.
But, yeah, not really a true HD remake.
Well, there will be no online multiplayer for this, sadly.
Which, you know, what a great way to add value to a collection that a lot of people probably already have on their stinkin' iPhones.
There are achievements, trophies, leaderboards, whoopee.
If you're a true achievement or trophy whore, then there you go.
It is coming out from Backbone.
Didn't they do those early Xbox releases, too?
I think they did.
That's pretty much what they did.
$30 in November.
Was Backbone the one that did, um...
Was it the other arcade thing that they had?
Um, they did Street Fighter II puzzle turbo thing.
Who was the one that did the one that was like, uh...
Like Wolf of the Battlefield.
No, no, not even that.
It was like, um...
Remember the thing that they actually had on Xbox where you get to make your own arcade collections and stuff like that?
Oh, Game Room!
Yeah, Game Room.
No, Backbone did not do Game Room. That developer closed.
It was somebody out of Australia, I think.
Remember, they shut down and then Game Room just suddenly stopped updating.
That was really important.
God.
Oh, it's been at least...
Another misstep.
It's been a good six months since I've ranted about Game Room and how that should have been so much better than it was.
Anyway.
Who was that again?
Blah, blah, blah.
No, Backbone pretty much just does arcade translations, classic collections, and like new versions of old games.
Like they did Wolf of the Battlefield. They did, uh...
Whatever the 1940...
The 1940-whatever series game that they did straight for the Xbox and PS3, like the remake.
That's just kind of what they do.
Oh, I am being corrected by chat.
The perks of having a live chat room is that they correct you when you're wrong.
Dark Tetsuya says,
Actually, the Midway ones were Digital Eclipse.
So I was wrong. It was not Backbone. Sorry.
AlphaCananagram does state, though, Backbone did do Yaris.
It's not exactly one to get really excited about, just saying.
It's the best free game based on a cheap Toyota ever made.
Thank you. BobbyBlackWolf to the rescue.
Chrome Studios is the name. I knew it was K-something.
Chrome Studios did Game Room.
And ShadowNextGen agrees Game Room is such a missed opportunity by Microsoft.
Because, man, I desperately wanted to play in television games on my 360 and pay for it.
Now I want to know why is Dark Tetsuya talking about online Super Off-Road?
He says,
I'm disappointed this collection doesn't have online. I would have loved online Super Off-Road.
Super Off-Road wasn't in the list.
But there is a trailer.
So now I feel the need to watch this trailer immediately just to see if it has Super Off-Road in it.
Because I don't remember Super Off-Road being in the, uh...
I didn't realize that was a Midway game.
It's not. I mean, a lot of these aren't Midway games.
Now it's time to talk some classic games.
A lot of these are like Atari games.
But Midway became the owner of Atari after Namco, actually, strangely enough.
And Leland actually was the company that released Super Off-Road.
And somehow they ended up with the rights to the Leland games as well.
I'm looking at this trailer and I'm definitely seeing some Spy Hunter and some Defender.
I'm not seeing Off-Road, though.
Super Off-Road would be a good one.
I don't even think it had a...
I don't think it's had an Xbox Live release.
And can you imagine, though, if that was on this collection and you can't play online?
Like, damn, talk about a game from my childhood I'd like to be able to play online.
Well, it's because they're not doing any new code.
It's just, you know, quick and dirty ROM, you know, ports.
Build an emulator, dump ROM.
Right, build an emulator, dump ROM, you know, question, question, question.
Dark Tetsuya says it was in Midway Treasures 3, and that was the one with all the racing games.
Yeah, let me look. I think I have it.
I don't know if Super Off-Road... Yeah, I think it was. I think it and the track pack both were.
I know it was Hydro Thunder. I know it's the later Off-Road game, like Off-Road Thunder.
And it was the Dreamcast port of Hydro Thunder, which pissed me off.
It was not Arctic Thunder because that would have been sweet.
Yep, Super Off-Road. I'm looking at it right here.
I actually have the Xbox version.
And it was the Dreamcast ports of Hydro Thunder and Rush 2049.
Oh, and a really nice arcade port of Rush 2.
I can say this now because this company doesn't really exist anymore, but I got this copy free for Midway
because the chick and I were at the Classic Game Expo and I were just kind of like talking and she gave me a free copy.
I'm disappointed that that's going to be in Vegas this next time.
Well, it hasn't been in the Bay Area like forever.
Really?
Yeah, we went like a couple years when it was like in Burlingame. It was awesome.
I had such a good time. One year, I mean, me and Jamie must not have taken more than like 150 bucks.
We got just a pristine, not a duo, but we got a Core Graphics, which is a PC Engine.
Just a stack of games. Just awesome.
I was disappointed they didn't have an Atari party this year.
I totally forgot. I totally forgot about Super Off-Road being in Midway Arcade Treasure 3.
I wonder if that's one of the backwards compatible games I can play on 360. If so, no? Curse you!
But you can play the PS2 version on your 60 gig PS3.
Except I don't have a backwards compatible PlayStation 3.
Oh, that sucks. I guess I'll just have to play it on mine.
Now I see why they're re-releasing it all over again.
Rob, do you want to borrow our Xbox?
I have an Xbox. Dan vetoed that real quick.
I have an old Xbox somewhere. I just can't guarantee if it'll work or not.
Let's sigh.
Alright, anyhow, that was supposed to be rapid fire news. Oops.
Animal Crossing Jump Out. Well, this ought to be quick.
Because we're going to talk about what's new in Animal Crossing Jump Out.
Crickets, crickets, crickets.
No, there will be five new characters.
Frap, or Frappe, I like to use the E.
Frappe, who will be a lively penguin.
A brisk hamster.
Frappe.
Tocoya, a carefree octopus.
Brittany, who is a mature pig.
Wait, that would be Tocoya.
Taco is octopus.
And Anthony, who is a smug horse.
Apparently smug is a new personality you will see throughout the game.
So does he go around going, no sir, I do not like it.
He goes around going, nay.
Yeah, I was just going to say, he goes around going, nay.
There is also, Loki, this could be, here is something new.
You've been asking, you've been dying. What is going to be new in the new Animal Crossing game?
So here it is. I'm waiting for it.
You ready?
There is going to be a special tree that you plant when you become mayor,
and it will grow as your city grows.
Bravo.
Bravo.
Pre-order it right now.
I'm going out tomorrow buying 3DS just for, no.
You know what?
I would do that just to start my toilet collection again.
Well, Dar Sakura, you might appreciate this, because it's kind of in your name.
There will be new flowers in the game, and cherry blossoms are coming back.
Okay, we're getting it. Hold on.
They've got to put NES games back in it.
You can, I guess, apparently put the reset management center anywhere you want.
I didn't realize Resetti got his own building now, so he can yell at you.
Oh, okay. I have to digress, Rob.
What?
Uncracked.
They did the what if minor characters in games got their own game,
and one of them was Mr. Resetti's game, and the thing was full of text.
It was great.
Mr. Resetti is one of the most underappreciated video game characters ever.
He's amazing.
There's also Brewster's coffee shop, so you can have a not Starbucks in your town.
That was Brewster. That's who you're thinking of.
Two types of police stations that you can have.
Mr. Resetti needs to be in the next Mario Kart game as one of the attacks.
Instead of the squid ink and stuff like that, it's just Mr. Resetti.
He just blocks you with nothing but text for five seconds.
Is he in Smash Brothers?
They have a...
Wasn't he a trophy or something, probably? I think there was a trophy.
They have Animal Crossing level, I thought.
I can't remember if Resetti was in it or not. I think he was.
Anyway, let's move on with more rapid fire news with Dark Sakura.
Stuff happened, and things happened.
Nights HD is going to have Christmas nights, and it will be on PlayStation Network on October 2nd,
and on Xbox Live October 5th.
Guess what? I already have it, except the HD looks super fucking pretty, and I want it.
It'll be ten bucks.
It does have Christmas nights.
Yeah, but I've got it on the Saturn.
Shut up! We have it on the Saturn. You can sit there and shut up.
Yeah, and I've got the Japanese one after... whatever.
On this show before, you've talked about it's kind of a tradition for you to break out the Saturn every Christmas and play Christmas nights.
Is there any chance you'd replace it with HD, or is that done?
Hell no!
It's a tradition for her to have me break out the Saturn and play Christmas nights.
You know what would be great about having it in HD, though?
What's that?
The fact that every year I go through, I unlock maybe half the presents. I know I had them all unlocked at once,
but since the Saturn's internal memory dies in like, oh, twelve seconds, even with a brand new battery,
every year I have to unlock all the presents again.
So, it'd be nice just to have them all unlocked.
Alright.
But, with no Saturn analog controller, it just ain't going to play right.
Rob.
Alright, let's...
Yeah, Rob.
Alright, Rob!
Rob!
Rob, more coffee.
No, neither one of you gets coffee.
Bioware has...
No, you can have, you can have weed.
Dan, shut up.
Just kidding, I don't have weed. Don't do drugs.
We need to go get some food.
Don't be like Fiona.
Let's do this show faster so we can go get dinner.
Free Fiona.
Okay, Bioware's at Dragon Age III Inquisition, the end.
Nobody expects the Dragon Age Inquisition.
You've been waiting like an hour and a half to make that joke.
Seriously, tell them.
You've been waiting an hour and a half to make that joke, haven't you?
Ever since I posted that story in the show, Rob.
But you have to do it in the right voice.
Nobody expects it.
One more time, one more time, please.
No, no, no, no, we're done. We already did the joke.
No, you don't want a clean cut for the Parsec Award.
He can't do squeaky voice.
I've never heard him do a proper squeaky voice.
Oh, a proper squeaky voice? I can do a proper squeaky voice.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
Okay, close enough.
There's other Bioware news too that's not a part of that story,
and it was kind of something big that happened this week.
I don't know if you're aware, but the doctors that founded Bioware left.
Yeah, I know.
LOL bye.
Dan told me, and I'm like, good for them.
Well, it's been kind of a crappy couple years for Bioware.
They're taking a lot of shit about Mass Effect 3 ending.
They're pissed off about all you people bitching about Mass Effect 3's ending.
Wait, don't point at us. We didn't...
Get over it. Oh no, Jamie did.
I heard her bitching about it the other day.
Star Wars The Old Republic didn't quite meet expectations.
Dragon Age 2 was no Dragon Age 1.
So, I mean, that's like three punches in the gut in a quick span.
That's what happens when ZA sticks their nose into a good thing.
That's very true.
Everyone's leaving to make beer, so I mean, that's good, right?
We can have Bioware beer.
Hi, I'm Commander Shepard, and this is my favorite beer on the Citadel.
Now, the other...
Captain Shepherds.
There were some very important things that were also confirmed.
Dark Sakura, pay attention.
Beer.
The next Mass Effect 3 DLC has been announced.
It will be the taking back of Omega this fall.
Play the news. Don't fuck with Aria.
Also confirmed, because people are paranoid because these guys are leaving.
They had to put it out on the table, and they did confirm another Mass Effect game is in development.
Now, they didn't say it's Mass Effect 4. That's all they said.
They just said another...
It better be the Tale of Geras.
Another full Mass Effect game is in development.
Could be a prequel, could be a new trilogy, could be anything.
Shut up.
It could be like the new iPad, where it's just the new Mass Effect.
It would be Silent Scope featuring Geras.
Also, the same team led by Casey Hudson working on a new IP.
That's supposed to be pushing the envelopes with game design.
Strong hints that it's for an unannounced console.
There's gonna be a lot of hardcore gay sex in that one.
We'll get cocked this time.
One can hope.
That's right.
No, cocks and twats everywhere.
Pushing the pornography envelope. That's how Bioware's gonna sell some games.
Heck yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room says, you know what's funny?
Cocks and twats?
No, not cocks and twats.
Is that if you look at the date of their retirement announcement, it's almost exactly five years after the EA purchase of Bioware.
One has to wonder if that was in the contract that their jobs would be protected for five years.
No one can hear you when you are not talking on the microphone, Dan.
It's probably just that they had to stay with the company for five years.
They couldn't be like, thanks for the money. Bye.
I would leave wow for Mass Effect MMO just saying.
Shadow Next Gen says, I heard the next Mass Effect game probably won't include Shepard.
Well, duh.
Well, let me just put it this way.
When you're writing fiction, you can do anything you want.
Especially when it's sci-fi.
Look at the shit they got away with on Star Trek for years.
Look at the shit they get away with in comics.
How many times has Superman died? How many times has Batman died?
Isn't Captain America president now?
How many more endings can they get Buzz Aldrin to narrate? Hello.
Yeah, I know. Black Wolf in the chat says SWOTOR equals Mass Effect MMO.
No.
Well, I think that's kind of why a Mass Effect MMO isn't exactly at the top of anybody's wish list right now.
Mass Effect would sell better.
But SWOTOR wasn't bad. That's the thing.
It wasn't strong enough to take down a game that it was emulating.
The fandom wasn't enough.
It just needs to go the Macross 2, Macross 7 route where it's just all about music.
And their weapon is music and they can get Psy to be the leader of whatever rebellion or whatever.
Just have them dancing.
I think the Old Republic would have been a lot better if they hadn't just put it out of the tail end of just running Star Wars into the ground as hard as they could.
True.
I think back when they brought out the original...
Not Bioware's fault.
No, not Bioware's fault at all.
The game design is apparently really solid, but the Star Wars franchise has lost a lot of its shine.
That's kind of sadly true.
The Star Wars franchise hasn't had shine since they changed the first one to Episode 4.
Moving on.
Now I was going to say at least the third movie.
Anyway, forget it.
Moving on.
Now that we're done with rapid fire news, 30 minutes later.
No foogle question of the week this week because I forgot to ask one.
We'll bring one back next week.
But you should join our Facebook and Google Plus communities in anticipation.
And so that you have something to do on Google Plus.
Actually, hangouts are still cool.
I'm just saying.
Google Plus is kind of underappreciated, but I'll save that tangent for another week.
Let's get back into some long form news.
Hahaha, Loki.
So Zynga has bought a bit lucky.
And they're a developer of such wonderful games called Lucky Train and Lucky Space.
Lucky Charms?
No Lucky Charms.
Perhaps that could be a sequel.
And also a game called Solstice Arena.
This of course begs the question.
So Zynga, are you feeling lucky?
Maybe.
And they paid 20 million dollars for the company.
And apparently also in unrelated news, the executive at OMG Pop has left.
Wilson Kriegel, the former chief revenue officer.
Eh, revenue officer. That's just like the guy that handles money.
Oh, you know the guy that cut that deal where the company sold for what?
100 million dollars or however much it went for?
That crazy ass amount?
He's retiring.
Fuck it, I would too.
If I could sell Orange Lounge Radio for 100 million dollars.
I'd fuck you every time.
Five inches, have fun.
You'd be splitting that three ways.
I'm going to Tahiti.
I'd buy you Pinkberry.
To quote my husband, it better be a Pinkberry franchise.
We'll see.
Depends what flavors you carry.
Alright, moving on.
For you Rob All Peach.
You know the funny thing is that that story went quicker than anything in rapid fire news.
Because it was a Zynga story.
And no one curr.
Lesson learned for producing future shows.
Alright, Dragon Quest X, listen up.
I know some people are excited about this.
Dragon Quest X, even though it's an MMO, which might turn some people off.
But I don't know, I'm curious about it.
Well Dragon Quest X, some more details of Tokyo Game Show.
You can play the entire game on the Wii U gamepad if you want.
No one wants to.
Well I don't think that's too surprising either.
Because they've already talked about that there will be games that you can kind of play on the Wii U gamepad while people are watching whatever on TV.
Like you can kind of do that duel thing that was part of the point of having the gamepad.
But the fact that this is an MMO makes it very interesting.
Because people tend to get drawn to MMOs a little more.
Imagine if it was Warcraft.
You could sit on the couch and watch American Idol and play World of Warcraft at the same time.
Of course a lot of people kind of already do that with two monitors.
I don't see how this is even a big deal.
Some people we know just put a TV on their wall.
Because it's basically just like playing it on a small monitor.
Well they also talk about that you can switch between the two.
You can go between the TV screen and the gamepad in the menu under options smoothly.
Cool.
But once again I don't think it's news at all that any of these games can be played on the gamepad or on the TV.
Ooh it's a display. It displays the game.
Ooh my TV's a display. It displays the game.
That's not fucking news. That's a feature.
I thought that was sort of the whole idea, yes.
Well then I guess we're done with that story.
Because it's just like basically that just tells me that they really didn't need the whole Wii at all to do this Dragon Quest X.
Because it doesn't utilize anything other than a standard control set.
Cool.
But it's Dragon Quest.
Yeah, cool.
Moving on to the mailbag!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
What?
You still have Alan's name on it.
Well, oh my god I made a mistake from copy pasting last twist.
I am not that tall.
Maybe you have a scarlet letter A for another reason.
Asshole.
Alright, mailbag.
You were saying awesome but okay if you had to go there.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place where you can send Dark Sakura letters.
Whatever letter you want.
Send me lots of Q's.
This one starts with an A.
It's from AJ Twist.
Is that actually his name? AJ Twist? Babow?
No. I was emphasizing.
You added flair.
This is my flair.
Good day good hosts of OLR.
Howdy.
Stop it.
What? I'm not allowed to respond to the greeting?
What? If you say hi to me I just have to look at you?
Yeah, what?
Girl.
I just finished watching a documentary on Netflix about video games.
You guys have mentioned the video game crash in the 1980's and I wanted to know what happened to cause this crash.
So I went looking for something on Netflix and I came across CNBC Originals Game On.
The unauthorized history of video games.
It was a great outline of the video game history up until the release of the Nintendo Wii.
What blew my mind about the documentary was a quote by the narrator, Bill Griffith, toward the end of the video.
He said,
The game machine is only as good as the games created for it.
Where have I heard that so many times before? But now I wonder, who coined the phrase first?
Me.
First thing you should do about that documentary, which I've also watched, is just forget everything that you saw on it.
Because it's really, really, really bad.
I will tell you everything you need to know about the video game crash without having to watch the documentary.
Although I have not seen said documentary so I have no opinion on it.
Imagine that you have a system like the Atari 2600 and imagine they've created Yaris for the Atari 2600.
Imagine that 30 companies created Yaris for the Atari 2600 and they're charging you $60 a copy for Yaris.
This marketplace was flooded with bullshit games like this and that's what caused the crash.
It'd be like if all of a sudden that the Apple store was selling physical copies of those knockoff games for $60 at retail and they were all clogging the shelves at Walmart or something like that.
That would be the video game crash.
Don't forget that there were like seven or eight competing consoles.
That's true too. And PC computing.
Well, that was actually kind of pre-PC being even a factor.
Okay, Commodore, TI-99, Apple II.
Motherfucker, do you even know who you are stepping to?
I will whoop that ass if you want to talk about this.
That stuff all really rose up. I mean, it did play a part.
The fact that the market switched to, hey, why spend the money on a game console when you can spend the money on a computer?
But the gaming in computers really came after the crash because, you know, what were you going to get your games on?
You know, so to an extent, but it was, yeah, market oversaturation, terrible quality control.
And at the time, video gaming really was kind of faddish, you know, and there was a big lull.
They didn't realize that there was a cycle that you should upgrade it.
There was no Angry Birds. All right, let's finish the email. Sorry.
By the way, that would be there were no Angry Birds.
Actually, you were right. There was no because the game is singular.
Is that in the email?
Speaking of documentaries, I think you guys should check out Focus starring Mike Ross or I Got Next, which is free on Hulu.
They're both about the fighting game community and tournaments.
Really recommend recommended if anyone is interested in seeing what the community is like.
I love the competitive gaming scene, but I don't have the time or motivation to get back into it.
Thanks for your time. I've been a podcast listener since 05. Love the show.
Wow. It's been a great inspiration for my own projects.
And you guys keep me awake during long, boring nights at work.
Shh, don't tell my boss. Keep up the greater than great work.
And that's from AJ Twist.
I'm just really sad that, you know, Grand Theft Auto IV never became part of the MLG scene because I could have fucking earned some money there.
Unfortunately, it's all call duty.
And I'm surprised this guy said we inspired him to do other projects, which is a great compliment.
And he refrained from plugging said projects. That's a great amount of restraint.
But, if you would like to, we're nice that way.
Yeah, you can always tack them on.
We support people.
And that's it.
That's it? One email?
I told you at the beginning of the show the only one.
I wasn't listening. One lousy email.
Jeez, Rob.
Mailbag at orangelandradi.com. Fill her up for next show.
This is what happens when you tape mid-week.
See, we'll get a bunch of emails on Sunday and then it'll be like, LOL didn't tape today.
Let's get to the FUs of the week. This should be good.
Oh, this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
This is fucked up.
Uh...
You know, my FUs are really kind of, uh, personal this week.
No, I don't want to say it to you. I'm over it.
Okay, fine. Fuck you for not buying me an iPad.
Or the hard drive I needed.
I'd like to go ahead and accept the responsibility for this fuck you.
Not really so much because I upgraded my graphics card and didn't buy her anything.
Because, you know, she's a little miss grabby.
But I have been really fucking with her all night on the show tonight.
It's been awesome.
I think you should bite my ass.
Loki?
Uh, I had something I was angry about earlier.
But, you know, just after eating delicious teriyaki, it's just hard to be angry about anything.
So, I guess, uh, I guess that'd be the fact that I'm tired just because I've been seeing up until midnight playing Borderlands 2 every night.
Well, Minecraft, actually, with a knife.
But I'm tired and wish I could take a day off to, like, sleep and play more Minecraft.
May do that.
And...
I may or may not be taking Tuesday off to play World of Warcraft all day.
And, and FU too.
To the fact that I probably am not going to be able to convince the wife to allow me to purchase a $1200 DDR machine that's in Modesto.
Because I really want it.
I've wanted one for years now.
Wife will be pissed.
Shut up!
Dan and Loki have very different outlooks.
You should buy it. And I'll tell you why.
Number one, man, you having a DDR machine would be awesome.
Number two, she'll get over it. I mean, really.
And number three, awesome.
This is coming from the guy who has...
I was going to talk to her last night, but she was really cranky yesterday.
This is coming from the guy who has five pinball machines.
I only have three pinball machines. The other two are loners.
My bad.
I thought we should have bought that Solo that was for sale for like 800 bucks, but Jamie said no Solo.
It's still for sale.
No, I didn't say no.
I thought we should have bought that Planet Harriers that was only $600, but Jamie said no.
No, you said no, you ass.
You said we don't have room for it. Stop lying.
I thought we should have bought that Daytona USA dual that I saw for like 250 bucks.
Give me it.
But she said no.
Give me the damn mic.
You're going to break it.
You're breaking it. Let go.
I did the fact that I'm going to have to go to Radio Shack to buy a new mic.
Can I continue?
The good news is I get an employee discount.
I want to say F.U.
I want to say F.U. to Apple.
Get the fuck off me.
I want to say F.U. to Apple for launching the new iPhone this weekend.
It's not really anything against Apple launching the new iPhone because that's fine,
but I'd really, really rather be playing Borderlands all weekend,
and now I can't because I've got to go and sell iPhones all weekend.
This is about to get violent.
I looked on her shirt.
Can I do my F.U. please?
Can you finish? Can I finish?
Can I finish? Can I finish?
Dan is getting the mic again.
My F.U. of the week just goes to being super busy and stressed.
I was so busy this week.
I think one day I had such low blood sugar I was about to pass out and faint.
Just between where, I mean cry me a river.
It's not like I don't volunteer for this shit,
but I think I need to cool it in the future because I got too much going on.
So what do I do about it all?
Run out of town for four days.
Go to Disneyland.
That's the answer to everything.
That does it for my F.U.s of the week.
AlphaCanandagrams asked in chat,
Sky, do you still have that crappy mic that still cuts out?
If so, Kickstarter.
Yes, we have the crappy mic that cuts out.
And no Kickstarter.
No Kickstarter.
We actually, I do have money to get a new mic.
I need to get one.
But the question is, do I want to get a mic-
But Rob, you're Dutch.
The question is, do I want to get a mic like this,
or do I want to get like a super fancy condenser mic that's three digits in cost?
Kind of want the super fancy condenser mic for voiceovers.
I had one. I don't know what the fuck happened to that.
Yeah, didn't we have one?
I had a condenser mic that at one time it was the ambient room mic
because that shit picked up everything.
It broke.
Did it?
Yeah, I think it broke.
It broke.
Eh, whatever.
Some of the Orange Lounge radios in the past,
I don't know if you remember the nights when we used to get so drunk.
There was literally an episode of Orange Lounge Radio
and it's like a double digit episode.
That was one that I was asleep in your bed.
Jamie passes out in my bed.
I am kicking-
No, I ate waffles in your bed.
I am kicking the wall, yelling, I'm in the matrix.
I'm in the matrix.
On the radio.
That was a great show.
People were listening to this.
That's how we win awards, man.
Huh?
By the way, podcast award nominations should be coming soon, so, uh,
you know, please consider us.
Here's- Okay.
If we get nominated for a podcast award this year,
here's the concessional, mate,
if we can get nominated for a podcast award this year,
I will get drunk and likely kick the wall again.
That's the- that's the little promise I make to you.
How's that sound?
Sounds fun.
And if we win,
we'll get the cats drunk?
I don't know.
No.
I don't know what else to add to that.
Alright.
Anyway.
Uh, okay.
So let's talk about stuff that we probably didn't really want,
but they're gonna give us anyways.
Castlevania.
The movie.
It's returning.
And, uh, how do we know it's returning?
Because Michael Dorn said so.
Michael Dorn, who played many things, including-
Mr. Worf is Dracula.
Yes, Mr. Worf.
He is not Dracula.
He is a werewolf.
And the joke I made earlier this week, were-warf.
But, cool.
And he says it's a fun little part.
It's four days.
I'm playing a werewolf that's been around for a gajillion years.
That's an actual term.
And, uh, who works for this vampire?
It's not too far from Worf because there's a lot of killing
and jumping and sword fights and everything.
Basically, I guess he got involved because of Marina Sirtis,
who, I don't know who she played.
Troy.
Troy, okay.
Well, and they were both also in the Mass Effect series,
because he was one of the, um, other-
No, he wasn't there.
He was the guy with the green forehead that was hanging out with Rex.
I'm-
Reeve.
Yeah, not Reeve.
I kinda would want to see it because they're in it.
You know what I mean?
Like, even if it was terrible, it would be like,
hey, that's kinda cool.
Never trust a Klingon.
I trust a Klingon.
Captain Kirk said.
As much as I'm like, alright, Castlevania movie, that's-
Let's just cast the rest of Castlevania with, like,
old actors from, like, Next Generation and stuff.
Hey, I'm all about that, why not?
We'll get, let's see, uh, we'll get Michael, uh, um-
He was-
Let's get Bruce Campbell.
He was Uvink.
He wasn't Reeve, he was Uvink.
Let's get, like, classic-
Get Patrick Stewart as, uh, he can be Dracula.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, it's a weird casting, but sure.
Uh, we'll get, uh, Wil Wheaton.
He can play, uh, you know, one of the-
He can just be himself.
Wil Wheaton as, you know, badass vampire hunter.
Yeah.
To register participation for this week's episode of
Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, quicksand.
That's what I think of when I think of Wil Wheaton.
Alright, um, also, I need to say this comment from chat,
because it's very important before I get to the last story here.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf has made an offer on the podcast awards.
If you win, Bobby Blackwolf says,
I'll fly out and get drunk too.
Okay, remember, this is Bobby Blackwolf, host of the
clean and family-friendly Bobby Blackwolf show,
offering to come out here and get drunk with us.
That's awesome.
All bets will be off.
If that happens, we must win the award.
I'll bring my sleeping bag.
Seriously.
If we win, marathon show.
Okay.
Alright, there you go.
Make it so.
Make it so.
Marathon show with drunk Bobby Blackwolf.
Make it so.
Dan has to come and drink too.
We'll engage the listeners.
We can set it up in the front room at our house.
We will fix the warp core.
The breach.
Alright.
Um, Minecraft on Xbox Live Arcade.
Do you even bother with Minecraft on Xbox Live Arcade?
I don't right now, but the story's interesting.
Alright, update 1.8.2 for Minecraft on Xbox.
We'll be adding the creative mode.
There's gonna be new food, new monsters,
and that means we're almost caught up to the PC version.
Eh, they're so ways off.
They're adding the, like, random dungeon stuff,
like the, you know, abandoned mine shafts,
which I keep running into those in our game.
Yeah, you have a lot of those in the vlog world.
Like, there's a lot.
And, um, also the villages.
Um, the, you know, villagers and endermen and all that stuff.
Now, do we have villagers in the vlog world?
I've been looking.
There's just a lot of fucking ocean.
That's all I've found.
Because, like I said, I went and I went into creative.
Atlantis. They're all underwater.
I went into creative and I flew around through the nether
and I created a new portal because I couldn't remember
where the hell the old portal was
and I ended up in the middle of the ocean
and I still don't know where the fuck I was.
That's what I want to build is, like, an underwater lair.
Well, there's plenty of water.
That will not be a problem.
I mean, you can do that.
All right.
Uh, also, okay, so they are, you know, doing, um,
these updates to the Xbox version.
Now, they are talking about maybe doing some mods.
Maybe differentiating it a little bit from the PC version.
Now, the Xbox 360, according to 4J Studios,
won't be able to have the mod system that gives
such a variety of community additions to the game on PC,
but we're looking at the elements of these
that people seem to be enjoying the most
and deciding how we could tailor those elements
into something for the Xbox.
That'd be cool.
Xbox 360 players, they say it's because
you're in a living room, you use a controller,
so this is different the way you interact with the game.
I don't know that I play the controller on the PC version
and it's just fine.
You're a freak.
My coworker does, too, and he likes it.
He has a little bit of getting used to it,
but it's actually really easy to play with it
and I love it.
It's great.
I'm looking forward to just whatever they're gonna do,
you know, with Minecraft on the Xbox in the future.
I think it's great that despite the fact that
they've already sold millions and millions of copies of it,
they're not gonna stop updating it.
Like, that's, you know, I think a lot of people
would just take the money and run,
but they're still supporting it to sell even more copies.
I think that's great.
So, just throwing that out there.
Thank you, Rob.
Now that song is stuck in my head.
What?
Take the money and run.
You're welcome.
All right, I'm gonna open up the Skype line right now.
Username OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
The 877 number doesn't work tonight
because somebody forgot to pay the bill,
but I don't want to pay the bill tonight.
Why would I pay the bill tonight
when I'm not gonna use it tonight?
So, we'll have the 800 number back next week,
but for now you can call us OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype,
all one word.
While we wait for any call,
I mean, we have way less listeners than usual tonight,
obviously, because you guys had no warning this was happening,
but while I wait to see if anybody is gonna call,
do we have last minute stories?
I do have Twitter topics, but...
Slender's getting a sequel,
so that creepy game on PC is getting a brand new sequel.
They have a teaser up for it,
and it's supposed to have better graphics.
Looks neat.
Also, there's a picture I saw of the new CirclePad Pro
for the 3DS XL.
Talking about something that's bigger than the iPhone 5.
Man, that thing is fucking massive.
Is it like original Xbox controller big?
I think bigger.
It's seriously massive.
I just...
It looks stupid.
I mean, it seriously looks dumb that they have that.
It's like, come on, man.
You had this 3DS system that you could...
There's a spot that you could have put another CirclePad there,
but no, you just had to go and say,
eh, we're gonna add another attachment that no one fucking needs.
That's fantastic.
Let me go to some Twitter topics real quick
while we wait and see if we get any calls.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype.
I did not know about this.
This is something that Tigerclaw sent,
because Tigerclaw always sends the tweets, even if it's Thursday.
And this actually makes me really sad.
This is news to me. I did not hear about this.
I love Tetsuya Mizuguchi and the games he's created.
Rez and Meteos and, you know, Luminous.
He's made all these great games.
He's apparently moving away from game production.
He's gonna be doing more of a delegatory role in Q Entertainment.
More playgrounds.
What's that?
He's making playgrounds, too.
I guess. I don't know.
Since finishing Child of Eden, apparently he's doing more academic work.
They're saying he's more of a spokesperson.
He's not developing stuff right now.
Well, why not? That makes me sad.
There's been some other people that have left Q Entertainment.
James Milke, I guess, was somebody that produced Luminous Electronic Symphony,
and now he's with Q Games in Kyoto.
Very different.
So, huh.
Well, that's sad.
I hope Q Entertainment is able to make more of the music and puzzle
and those kind of really innovative types of games like Rez and stuff,
and maybe less of the 99 Nights.
You know, I haven't played much of Luminous.
It's great!
Alright, one more Twitter topic I have also from Tigerclaw.
You the man.
Apparently some layoffs at Sony Public Relations.
I'll get to that in a minute, though, because we have a call coming in.
I don't want to miss it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
What's up, guys? It's Codeman.
Codeman! What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, not much.
Just got back on last Saturday from Gearbox Community Day.
I wanted to tell you guys about it.
Yes, and thank you in advance for that stuff you got at the event.
You rock.
Oh, no problem, guys.
I wanted to get you guys something because you guys deserve everything in the world
for putting on this show every Sunday.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
I know. That's why I do it.
So, no, it was actually an amazing event.
Obviously, as everybody knows, Gearbox is a fantastic developer
with their games and their fan service.
Their fan service is just ridiculous.
I was talking to devs just all day.
I talked to Randy Pitchford.
It was crazy how much these guys
just want to interact with their fans, and it was amazing.
How did this event work? What was it?
Was it just a big showroom for Borderlands 2?
Was it Q&A panels? Was it more like a convention?
How was this all set up?
Pretty much everything you just said.
There were Q&A panels.
They had a panel specifically for Borderlands 2,
and then they had a panel for Aliens Colonial Marines,
which they really didn't say a whole lot about it
because I guess it's supposed to be out in 2013.
But they had a room for Colonial Marines,
which they only had two game types.
They had a team deathmatch game type, which was actually quite fun.
You can actually play as humans against aliens,
which was actually kind of neat.
And then they had an escape game type,
which I guess it was just you were basically trying to escape this area
where there was a whole bunch of aliens attacking you.
But, yeah, it was just a big event
that just had all kinds of different stuff.
You get to talk to everyone. It was amazing.
No Duke Nukem Forever presence?
No, they had his chair there.
But, no, there were no Duke Nukem anywhere.
I don't even think they even mentioned it, really.
What a shock. What a shock.
I know, right?
So how are you enjoying Borderlands 2?
I seem to recall you're a bit of a Borderlands fan.
Oh, yeah. Well, I actually picked it up on launch day, of course.
I guess like every crazy person that loves Borderlands 2.
And I only have gotten to play it once.
I'm actually a dad, so I really get to play a whole lot of video games.
But when I do, I get to sit down for long periods of time and play them.
But, no, I'm really enjoying it.
I have figured out, and, look, you probably know this,
because you've been playing it a lot, too,
and it actually has gotten a little harder.
I mean, the AI dodges your bullets now.
I mean, they're all over the place with the enemies.
So, I mean, it's pretty crazy.
This is why I need BFF mode.
I know, right?
I'm still working on the first one, slowly.
I think I got to level 10, not that long ago.
So I'm still working on it.
I do want to say they did kind of dance around the whole girlfriend mode thing in the panel.
One of the guys said something, and then Randy was like,
why don't you tell us about that?
And he's like, why don't you go fuck yourself?
That was pretty funny.
I can plug Bobby Blackwell's show from this two weeks ago at this point now,
and not last week but the week before.
He had those guys on the show, and they talked openly about it.
No go-fucking-yourself involved.
Oh, no, it was actually pretty funny,
because it was just the panel that were talking back and forth.
I mean, he was talking to another dev that was talking to him,
and I guess they've been giving him a whole lot of crap about this whole thing that got released
and how the media just took it and ran with it.
And so I guess around the office they've just been giving him all kinds of crap,
and they were just joking about it.
And Randy made a statement about it, how they're not discriminatory towards anybody in the whole entire world.
And he said people that discriminate towards other people just need to basically go die in a fire
and all this stuff.
It was crazy, because he really wanted to get out there that their company is just...
I mean, he was basically whoring their company out, just because it's a good company.
And I wouldn't say another company is bad, but this company is just so amazing.
I can't say...
And them actually being an independent company and not answering to anybody else,
I mean, that's just fantastic.
It's pretty cool that they do something like this,
because not every gaming company does something directly for the fans.
And, I mean, where was this at?
It was in Texas somewhere? Where was this?
It was in Dallas, Texas, at the Palladium Theater.
Well, I guess Dallas is still a pretty big city, all things considered.
But usually these types of things only happen in the Bay Area or LA or New York,
one of the big, big cities.
You don't often hear about these events in the Midwest, so that's really cool.
That and QuakeCon are the ones I can think of that are out there, so that's great.
QuakeCon just happened before we got there, Community Day.
So, I mean, I saw a whole bunch of people wearing QuakeCon shirts and all kinds of stuff.
So, I mean, it was a pretty big deal.
I mean, I think they estimated about probably around 700 people at this thing.
So, I mean, it was a pretty big, big deal.
But, I mean, we actually got to jump in line because we paid for tickets.
They had free general admission, but we paid for tickets, me and my friend,
and so we got to jump in line a little bit and get in there quicker.
But, yeah, I did play Borderlands on the PC, which really spoiled me
because I was on the Xbox when I got it on Tuesday, and I was just like,
oh, these graphics are horrible.
Yeah, and the getting used to the controls when you can have such precision with a keyboard and mouse,
that's a little bit rough.
True, true. And then I also wanted to, and then I'll let you guys go,
but I also wanted to say I actually, it's funny you mentioned the tester earlier in the show.
I actually grew up, I don't know if you guys, one of the panel, Brent Gokey,
I actually grew up with him.
He lived down the street from me when I was a little kid.
He actually mentioned that it is not on the table right now for tester for,
but he said it could pop up in the future.
They got tons of money and just stuff to support this show,
and the turnout for people that watched it was amazing.
He just said they got so many other things on the drawing board right now
that they just can't worry about that.
I'm hoping that means maybe some more original programming.
I've said this before on the show, as much as we love to make fun of the tester,
it actually wasn't terrible for what it was.
True, true.
I mean, yes, the setup might have been a little bit hokey like,
oh, you get to be a game tester, but by season three,
they made it a little better where you were at least a little more involved,
like what was it, you were an associate producer or something.
And most of the people who won the show,
the gay guy that won the show in season two,
he only did that for like six months,
and now he works for Sony Pictures Entertainment.
And I think the guy who won the first season
ended up in some type of promotional position too.
I don't know about this guy that won the most recent season,
but for what it is, they are working their way up in the company
and apparently ending up pretty successful, so that's kind of neat.
I was disappointed that Dark Soccer didn't get on there.
We all were.
I kind of just gave up on it.
We all were, but we had Asuka,
who apparently was a friend of an OLR listener,
ended up calling into OLR one night.
You have to go back in the archives to find her,
but she called in and it ended up being like the day before she got,
you know, voted off the island or whatever it is.
I heard that, I heard that show, I remember that show,
and it was very, I was very distraught because I kind of liked her.
Yeah, I know.
And when she got kicked off, I was like,
aw man, she just had an amazing interview with Orange Lounge Radio
and now she got kicked off.
I had no idea that that was going to happen,
and yes, it was just kind of, I was like,
of course, of course, she was just on the show,
and yeah, Kiss of Death or whatever,
but that's, what a funny small world.
Yeah, that guy's like the Simon Cowell of the show,
and so that's kind of funny that you grew up with him.
That's pretty crazy.
What a small world.
I told you, we're like D-list video game celebs now.
Now we've got ties to two,
now we have ties not only to tester contestants,
but apparently the tester panel.
I'm this close to Adrian Curry, this close.
All right.
Anyhow, we should probably let you go, dude.
Okay, man, well, I appreciate you taking my call,
and enjoy the poster, man.
I actually, I should have got them to write on their OLR,
but I was like, it was just so fast and crazy
that, you know, but yeah, everybody's on there,
from the dev team to Randy Pitchford
to the guardian angel who plays
the guardian angel in Borderlands,
she's on there, the girl who plays the siren
in the second game is on there,
like everybody's on there, so enjoy it.
Hey, we have a saying, beggars can't be choosers,
so thank you very much,
and maybe we'll get them on the show next time.
That would be great.
Bobby got it this time,
but maybe for Borderlands 3, we'll see.
All right, take care, buddy.
Thank you very much, and keep doing what you're doing.
We will.
Not slowing down anytime soon.
Bye.
All right, we'll see you.
All right.
I like talking to him.
He's fun.
He's full of energy, too.
He's really happy, genuinely.
Quite so.
What's up?
The Midway Arcade Origins Collection
does have super off-road.
Ooh, and where'd you hear that?
They have the full list, actually.
Nice.
It's 720 APB arch rivals, bubbles,
Championship Sprint, Tournament Cyberball 2072,
Defender, Defender 2, Gauntlet, Gauntlet 2,
Joust, Joust 2, Marble Madness, Pit Fighter,
Rampage, Rampart, Robotron 2084,
Rootbeard, Tapper, Satan's Hollow,
Cinestar, Smash TV, Spy Hunter, Spy Hunter 2,
Super Off-Road, Super Sprint,
Toobin, Total Carnage, Vindicators Part 2,
Wizards of War, Xenophobe, and Zybots.
That's kind of the greatest hits of the three
that were already out.
I don't think there's any of those.
I didn't think Marble Madness was in one of the other collections.
And $29.99.
Huh.
It's just, it's a bummer it's not online.
Or that they couldn't add something else to Sweet in the Pot.
Shitty.
Alright, back to the tweet I was on before the phone call came in.
Unfortunately, talking Sony and talking people moving up in Sony,
unfortunately, some people moving out.
There was reorganization that affected some PR people.
Hopefully not people I was just talking about.
That's kind of too bad.
All employees are now apparently in the Foster City headquarters,
but there's no impact on game development.
So like Sony, Santa Monica, and all that's fine.
Apparently this is in an article I've been linked to on GameSpot.
There was a re-org and some PR people were in San Diego were let go.
Which, funny enough, I think was the studio where all that tester stuff happened.
Which might explain a little bit about, oh that's really sad.
That's too bad.
But it's all in Foster City.
So hopefully some people got relocated at least maybe.
But, bummer bummer.
This follows a closing of Zipper Interactive, which had happened back in March.
They made SoCom and MAG.
And in April they said they were going to cut 10,000 jobs, but that was Sony-wide.
Wipeout developer studio Liverpool also had been closed this year.
So a bunch of bummer news from Sony.
We hope they're able to land on their feet soon.
And maybe they'll sell some VITAs so they can hire them back.
Loki, any other last minute stories you want to get into tonight?
Or Dark Soccer if you have any.
No.
Castle of Crashers is coming to the Steam next week.
Nice.
26.
Only took what, four years?
Nice.
There's a Half-Life 3 rumor that it's open world and coming in 2013.
Oh my.
It's from an anonymous source too.
I think that's true.
Extremely trustworthy.
Extremely.
And I guess there's also an article I just read about publishers apparently trying to exploit Kickstarter.
Basically getting, this is actually coming from the last one.
It was Obsidian.
Now they have their Kickstarter.
They said, we were actually contacted by some publishers over the last few months that wanted us to do a Kickstarter.
I said to them, so you want us to do a Kickstarter for using our name.
We then get Kickstarter money to make a game.
Then you publish the game, but we don't get to keep the brand we make.
We only get a portion of the profits.
And they said yes.
Wow.
To which he said, fuck off.
No surprise.
Anything else? That's it.
Well that brings us to the end of the show.
I know it was a little bit shorter tonight, but that's what happens when we tape on a Sunday that we're not used to.
But before we close out tonight, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Before I get into that, I do want to thank everybody for listening and for being here this week.
We will be back in our normal time slot live on Sunday night on the 30th with episode number 475.
We are talking behind the scenes about some possible changes in the future Orange Launch Radio.
Nothing major.
I just wanted to leave you that little sampling to go with.
So that could be in the coming weeks.
Certainly before episode 500.
If you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend or two about the show.
Spread the word.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes.
Especially now that podcasting is in a separate application in the iOS 6.
We can use all the word of mouth we can get.
Also there's some great third party apps like Stitcher that you can listen to Orange Launch Radio in.
And it looks like, looking at the stats on Stitcher, more and more of you are.
So we really appreciate that.
And if you've enjoyed our show on Stitcher, please consider sharing it with your friends.
And leaving some good comments on there too.
You know, word of mouth is all we got right now.
And it's all we've had over the past 10 years.
Dan the man, thank you very much for being on the show tonight and fighting with your wife.
Always a good time to have that going on on air.
I like turtles.
Is that your final thought tonight? Do you have a final thought tonight, Dan?
He's shaking his head. I guess it's I like turtles.
Alright, Dark Sakura.
I want dinner.
You want dinner.
And I didn't make a fortune cookie.
What do you want from Disneyland?
Stuff. You got it.
Duffy. Stuff. I guess.
Loki. Your final thought tonight?
I guess I'll play some more Minecraft.
My final thought tonight is, don't hate me because I went to Disneyland.
It's the last trip for at least a year.
So, womp womp. Sadness.
It's okay, I'm going in two weeks.
Alright, that's it. Have a wonderful night everybody.
We'll see you next time at Orange Launch Radio.
Thanks for listening to this slightly shorter edition.
We'll see you next week for a full show. Good night.
Orange Launch Radio or FOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
