Tonight, September 9th, 2012, rumors return about Valve creating a new console, the homebrew scene may have cracked the Vita, and one company finally decides to end their controversial DRM method.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this September the 9th of 2012.
Oh, it's September 9th, you know what that means.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Dreamcast, happy birthday to you.
Okay, speed mix.
I was going to say, it's a little early for my birthday.
We're almost to your birthday, though.
That's right.
Your birthday's just two days away, Tech Master Loki.
We've gone and screwed up the intro.
Everything is all amiss.
Sorry, I can't talk yet.
That's all right.
I've been shunned.
You can't talk until you've been introduced, Loki.
Please say hello, everybody, to Tech Master Loki joining us tonight.
Hi.
You can introduce Jamie first.
I've decided to do things different tonight.
Differently.
Also say hello to Grammar Master DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
She'll cut a bitch.
I will cut a bitch.
I don't even care.
How are you doing?
Um...
Yeah.
Okay, great.
We are live, of course, at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, where we do tape our show every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
I got to say, props to Bobby.
I know we plug his show a lot, but hey, we've been doing this stuff together for what, like six, seven years now?
Had our shows back to back.
He had an A-plus show tonight.
He had an interview with Gearbox Software and some of the guys over there.
It addressed the whole girlfriend mode controversy.
Bobby went on a rant about games journalism and how that whole thing started in the first place.
Must listen episode.
Loved it.
So check that out at vognetwork.com.
It'll be posted later tonight.
I love when Bobby rants.
But hopefully you'll listen to our show.
I know usually he's so nice and inviting and, you know, oh, we're going to have the listeners on the show and he doesn't get angry very often, but that was... I also did find it amusing that someone said he looks like Mick Foley.
Bang, bang.
A little bit, a little bit.
All right.
He needs more flannel vests in order to pull that off.
He needs more flannel and jumping off of the top of the cage and landing on the announcers.
Well, look, we may not have an exclusive AAA interview with the game developer this week, but we do have something you guys over at Orange Launch Radio, the OL Army, have been asking for for quite some time.
We have the return, surprise, of a favorite guest of yours here at Orange Launch Radio.
Say hello, everybody, to...
Dan.
Dan is back tonight.
Yo, what up?
How you doing, Dan?
I'm doing good.
For those that don't know Dan, I'm sorry.
For those who don't know Dan, you're lucky.
Dan is DarkSakura's husband.
Yes.
Or me.
Shut up.
See?
It's going to be one of those shows tonight.
They are just going to fight all night long.
Good times.
Dan, how long has it been since you've been on the show?
It's been a good at least six months, right?
I don't know.
It's been a while.
All right.
Well, I like to think we've probably landed some new listeners between six months ago and now.
So tell us a little bit about your gaming history.
Why do you love video games?
And I know you love video games.
Don't even try to lie.
I like to keep it special.
I show up once in a while.
You know, at random.
Nobody knows when I'm coming.
But the games, the games.
I'm like a ninja.
Why do you like video games?
I don't know.
He's really having to think about this one.
They've just always been there.
Video games have always been there?
Yeah.
Even when Jamie's yelling at you?
You can turn to video games?
No, no, I mean like in the past.
That's kind of how we met, kind of.
That and anime.
Yeah.
Our mutual hatred of bad Ranma fanfiction.
Kind of more anime.
What is your favorite video game of all time?
I always like to ask guests on the show this It's a tough question It's supposed to be a tough question Symphony of the Night Castlevania That's a damn good game Metal Gear Solid You can go back a little bit further There's a couple other good ones Super Metroid Gunstar Heroes How do you feel about that?
I like Gunstar Heroes a lot
Now, we were off last week.
We didn't have a show last week.
I hope you guys all had a good Labor Day at the various conventions going on everywhere and what have you.
So we were gone last week, so we missed some of last week's news.
You being a Metal Gear fan, Dan, how do you feel about that new Metal Gear game they announced?
I'm feeling pretty good.
Yeah?
I was watching the trailer and I'm just like, oh my god.
It's so long.
He changed his wallpaper.
And they keep introducing all these people.
Okay, okay, whatever.
Hey, it's Solid Snake!
Well, Naked Snake.
Hey, it's Snake!
Awesome.
He changed his wallpaper.
Yeah, I put my Snake wallpaper back up.
Or the Big Boss wallpaper.
Yeah.
Because Big Boss is a fucking gangster!
Jamie doesn't like it though because it terrifies her.
No, it doesn't.
It's like this big intense face and he's like looking out of the screen like I kind of like it better than the GLaDOS error blue screen of death that you had before.
That one is awesome.
That's old.
Yeah, but it's awesome.
But it's old.
But it's awesome.
My wallpaper is far better than yours.
Thank you.
I don't care.
So Dan, one of the other big games that was announced while we were off on break was Final Fantasy 13 Lightning Returns.
No, no, no.
It's Lightning Returns Final Fantasy 13.
Excuse me!
Excuse me!
How dare I?
No, that's not worthy.
It's Final Fantasy XIII 3.
Let's be real.
That's what it is.
But it's one of those weird Square Enix games where they're like, hey, you know what?
We're going to put that subtitle first.
It's not going to be a sub anymore.
It is a title.
Final Fantasy, we'll take the back end.
We'll just step down for a second.
We'll take the back end this time.
We're giving them the money shot.
Lightning's going to explore the back door.
They like to savor the last shot before popping the heat sink.
All right.
We're going to start off the show tonight.
We will get into our gaming weeks here in a little bit, but I have a little bit something – I have something special to get into at the top of the show tonight here.
I'm going to play something for you guys, and unfortunately, you only get to see the audio – or you only get to hear the audio of this because it is a podcast.
But this trailer will soon be making its way to YouTubes.
I'm going to give you guys the premiere –
of the new Xbox Live indie game, Bungie Ferret Tossing.
It is coming out very soon.
In fact, the designer is going to be on the line with us in just a minute after I play this trailer for you guys to talk a little more about this game.
And yes, it is an OLR-inspired game.
You might remember we used to come up with these little dream games, things we wanted to see.
Like, what was the one we had?
The WhatTheyPlay.com Snap, which is like Pokemon Snap, but it's two gay guys holding a dismembered head shouting, "'Fuck.'"
It's like a really old reference to a news article from like 2008.
Like right now you probably just think that's insanity and it is.
That's a fun thing.
What on the show is it saying?
I don't even remember what inspired it but we added the game Bungie Ferret Tossing to the list and Aaron went and he actually made a game called Bungie Ferret Tossing and it looks awesome.
Here's the debut trailer here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Do you love flying a helicopter?
Yeah!
Do you love swinging from a bungee cord?
Yeah!
Do you love blowing stuff up?
Yeah!
Do you love terrorists?
Awkward... Do you love blowing up terrorists?
Yeah!
Do you love flying a helicopter, swinging from a bungee cord, and blowing up terrorists with small exploding animals?
Because that's what you do in Bungie Ferret Tossing!
That's right, Bungie Ferret Tossing!
The story begins when a terrorist base is discovered in Arizona, which is good because now there's something in Arizona, but it's bad because it's a terrorist base.
So armed only with the most advanced ferro-weapons technology, you must attempt to storm their desert base.
They'll come at you with guns, rockets, high-powered rifles, hired ninjas, and even insane laughter.
But you're armed to the teeth with timed ferrets, proximity ferrets, homing ferrets, and even cluster ferrets.
Will it be enough?
Try it for free on Xbox Live Indie Games.
Bunch of ferret tossing also features two-legged cone, three difficult floors, bonus survival and time attack modes, and a great soundtrack.
Intense action, bullet-dodging thrills, and the combination of screaming and squealing that you won't find anywhere else.
Bungie Ferret Tossing on Xbox Live Indie Game
Love, love, love.
YYRgames.com for more information on that.
What'd you think, DarkSakura?
I am pleased.
I think that might have been your idea.
Are you happy with how that turned out?
Quite.
And I named the dude, the last name.
That's right.
That's right.
I forgot what I named him.
Let's get Aaron or YYR on the line right now to talk a little more about bungee ferret tossing.
And you guys are probably thinking there at home, like, God, Orange Laundry, are you really going to sit here and whore out this indie game at the top of your show?
Yes, we are.
Fuck yes, we are.
Heck, I'm thinking that and I'm at the show.
When it's something that, you know, was inspired by one of our ideas.
Hey, Aaron, you there?
I mean, yes.
Yes, I am.
Can I just start by saying, I love you, man.
I love you, man.
Seriously.
I love you guys, too.
You're making our dream come true, and I love it.
I, you know, I figured I'd take the ball and run with it.
I mean, it sat on my plate for a while, but hey, you guys told me to get on that.
And so, eventually, I did.
Well, we are happy that you did.
So how long of a process did it take to grow?
Well, actually, let me back up a little bit because Bungie Veritas-ing, it's almost done, right?
Like we're going to see it released very, very soon, right?
The game is in Xbox Live Indie Games peer review process right now where other game creators basically try it out, make sure it doesn't crash, make sure there's nothing objectionable, make sure that the ratings I put on it for violence, especially, and nudity and other things are accurate.
and then you know once they find that there's nothing wrong with it they pass it and once enough people pass it it's approved and then once it's approved I click a button and it's out so I've been basically reviewing other people's games all weekend let me tell you something there is some stuff up there right now I would not wish on any of you
I play the game, so you don't have to.
This is going to happen very soon.
I'm just saying Loki's birthday is in two days.
That's all I'm saying.
Oh, well.
I have to basically decide what day of the week I want to release it.
And I also want to take some time to go ahead and email anybody who's ever given me a business card.
I have quite a few contacts that I've been terrible at keeping in touch with.
so I'm just basically going to email everybody be like hey guess what's happening like right now this game it's coming out here's the trailer here's a press kit do you want to review code and I'd like to do that before the game comes out so basically it means I'll probably be doing this like pretty soon alright I understand yeah
Yeah, then I'm going to push the button.
I'm hoping to release it on a Tuesday or a Wednesday, to be honest.
I mean, Wednesday is the day lots of people are looking for new stuff on Xbox Live anyway.
And actually, this is kind of interesting.
Have you guys heard of the Xbox Indie Games Uprising?
I have.
This is kind of the answer to the summer games arcade and...
All the other promotions they do for the big boy games from the big companies, right?
Well, what's interesting is that the Indie Games Uprising 3 begins tomorrow.
And a new indie game that's part of the Uprising is going to be coming out every day for the next 10 days, I believe.
So I'm going to be right there with them.
So that's actually kind of exciting because I feel like I'm going to get more exposure that way.
And also the fact that it's a game called Bungie Ferret Tossing.
Okay, I have to get to some comments from our chat because this is too good.
And by the way, if you are listening at vognetwork.com, please make sure you're in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Now, we understand that Bungie Ferret Tossing obviously is going to have the violence meter, but we have some people in our chat, starting with Frisbee, questioning if there will be nudity.
Will there be nudity in Bungie Ferret Tossing?
Other than the fact that people are exploding in blood everywhere, and of course it's very fake and cartoony looking, no, there is going to be no other objectionable content of any kind, including nudity.
And by the way, I apologize to the chat room for not actually being there at this particular moment, but it's hard enough for me to focus on two things at once.
That's all right, I'll tell you what you need to know.
Alright, and you gotta save something for the sequel.
I mean, you know.
I'll tell you something.
I have a wish list for the sequel that is just ridiculous.
In fact, if you want, I will give you that list in a few minutes.
Amazing.
Well, let's put boobs on the list.
No, I'm not putting boobs on the list, I'm sorry.
I have to draw the line somewhere.
I wanted to be as family friendly as possible.
You should have darkly colored chickens.
Huge, dark chickens.
Dark chickens?
Yeah, from another old joke, Big Black Cock.
Oh, stop.
We do Dark Chickens.
I'll put that on the list.
Alright, that'll work.
Let me say this real quick.
Jessica Harper from our good pals at Under Station Live Saturday nights here at VOG says, The irony of releasing ferrets attacking terrorists in a game on September 11th is not lost on me.
Oh my god.
Did you even think of that?
I did not.
We've got to be careful because obviously we don't want to make light of a terrible, terrible situation.
But, you know, at the same time, some of us, some people heal through, you know, methods like this.
Like floating ferrets.
This is a fantastic idea.
At least now there will be something in Arizona.
There you go.
Honestly, everyone I've ever talked to,
who's either lived or worked or studied in Arizona has basically said the same thing to me.
There's nothing there.
So that is the whole reason why I put that in there.
Basically, I'm acknowledging what they said.
Very nice.
Very nice.
All right.
So let me think.
I got to ask you any last questions here so we can actually get started with our show tonight.
But I wanted to bring you on because you've done such a huge, huge thing for us here.
And even though you're the one that's ultimately going to profit from it,
I still think it's great.
It has my full blessing.
If this game does really well, I am totally going to fly out there and take you guys out and buy you dinner and beer and all kinds of crazy stuff.
That is going to be... Beer works.
You can pay us in beer, sir.
You got it.
Amazing.
It'd be awesome to hang out with all you guys anyway.
We're fun.
We promise.
No exploding ferrets in person, though.
Let's stay away from that.
I don't know if we can put a firecracker in one of the little...
A little more about the game.
One thing I noticed from the trailer, because I unfortunately have not been able to play it yet.
I did not go to one of the conventions that you were at showing off the game and what have you.
But I can tell it has a great old arcade-style look and feel to it, as all your previous games really have.
You're very inspired by old-school 80s arcade games, aren't you?
Just arcade games and intense action-packed games in general.
That's the only kind of game I'm ever going to make because that's what I'm most into.
So, yeah, I don't know if it has an old-looking vibe or what, but it's probably more like a programmer art kind of vibe, because I'm not very good at it.
I wouldn't say it's old-looking, it's just old, like the gameplay style looks very like if an Atari 2600 game was modern, and that's certainly not a bad thing.
We killed hours and hours and hours with the boom and stuff, you know what I mean?
It has a Defender-ish look to it.
Actually, you're not the first person that compares it to Defender.
Obviously, you're not saving people.
You're destroying them with ferrets.
As you should.
But yes, it has been compared to Defender before.
Nice.
But it's a whole new... It's not a Defender clone at all.
It's a whole new... There's bungee cords and everything.
Defender meets Bionic Commando.
Kind of.
It's just... Exploding ferrets.
With ferrets.
It's new while feeling retro.
And I think that's cool.
And that's true in all your games.
It's just awesome.
So... Boom.
All right.
Well, Erin, before I let you go and we get into the rest of OLR and what's going on in the gaming world this week, is there anything else you want to say on bungee ferret tossing?
You know what?
It's been a very long process.
I actually started this project last May.
So it's been in the works for a very long time.
Nonetheless, I've had a very, very huge amount of fun working on it, and I hope you guys enjoy it as much as I enjoyed putting it together.
It'll be a dollar.
It'll be free to try.
And yeah, I hope you guys all go and enjoy and play it.
Do you want to hear very quickly the wish list for the sequel?
Absolutely.
Yay!
Okay, I'll see how quickly I can tear through this.
Unlockable ferret sounds, versus mode, network ranking, alpacas with saddlebags filled with stuff and lasers homing lasers, elemental ferrets, fire, ice, and lightning, strife amethysts,
Yes, not Chaos Emeralds because we can't rip off anybody.
Credits will contain a rhythm game.
Other vehicles besides helicopter, like Bungie from a motorboat, yes.
Dedicated sound for missile launch.
Screen clearing bombs that can be stored and triggered at any time.
Ferrets equipped with milk tea.
Money should be used to buy stuff.
Oh, yes.
Raise ferrets and train them and feed them a la Derby Owners Club.
These trained ferrets will then develop unique abilities that can be used in-game.
Deformable landscapes Summon killer train to attack enemies An eagle operating a crane Needs to be a stage boss Flying body parts and at least one stage set in a city
I would love to bring that to you guys.
I got a quick question.
Yes, Dan.
Are there any zombies in it?
Not yet.
There are no indie games without zombies.
There's plenty of indie games.
So you gotta put some zombies in.
Every indie game has zombies.
There are at least five games in peer review right now that are all zombie killing games.
I'm saying every indie game has zombies.
So we need some zombie ferrets.
You know what there is in the game though?
I hope I'm not spoiling anything.
There are kittens in the game.
Are they zombies?
Maybe.
You are fucking this up for me, Rob.
There's a screen when you run the game that says please don't throw animals in real life.
Yeah, we can't do that with my cat.
She's too huge.
Oh, I could.
There might be cameos from some familiar cats that show up on those screens, but we'll see.
Anyway, okay, Aaron, I gotta wrap up and let you go, but everybody, be on the lookout for Bungie Ferret Tossing.
It will be out in the coming days.
We can't pinpoint an exact day yet because of the whole Xbox Live process, but it will be out very soon.
and it's a dollar for heaven's sake we never ask you to buy anything here at Orange Lounge Radio but we're gonna say buy this because it's gonna be very hard for Aaron to stand out amongst all these other indie games that are having a lot of spotlight this week we really want Aaron to be able to do well so when the news goes out please spend one whopping dollar you probably already have it in your leftover points anyway and go buy this game
You'll have fun.
If you follow YYR Games on Twitter, you'll know exactly when it comes out.
I will tweet the moment it releases.
And check out the website, of course, yyrgames.com where you have other games.
We didn't even get around to mentioning tonight, but you have other games on the marketplace like Snake 360 and Falling that are worth checking out.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Old arcade game style stuff.
All right.
Aaron, have a good one, buddy.
Thank you again.
Hey, you too.
Thanks so much for having me on.
All right.
Of course.
Anytime.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
You know, and if you're going to make a game inspired by an Orange Lounge Radio idea, I'll bring you on at the top of the show too.
Let's be real.
I am super excited.
I know, I can't wait to play it.
And I'm not just saying that because we're involved.
It looks like fun.
Ionotropic said Ferret Returns, Bungie Ferret Tossing 13.
I love that everybody's already thinking about the sequels, but we gotta make this one a success first.
Because if this is a flop, then Aaron's gonna be like, maybe I should do a zombie game to get more money.
Zombies are overrated.
Alright, alright.
Let's move into how was your gaming week?
What types of video games?
You obviously haven't been playing Bungie Veritas and it's not out yet, but what have you been playing this week?
Let's start with DarkSakura.
WoW and Mass Effect.
Three.
For a change.
And two.
Shut up!
Mr. I'm gonna play Red Dead Redemption all night.
It was the zombie one.
See?
Zombies.
Overrated.
And I hadn't played through it yet.
So... What the fuck, man?
I have also been doing school stuff this week and writing.
That has nothing to do with gaming.
And writing.
So I have a life.
Neither of which have anything to do with your gaming week.
How about you bite me?
How about you bite me?
That has nothing to do with gaming either.
How about you shut the fuck up and then bite me?
Ladies and gentlemen, Orange Lounge Radio where every gamer has a voice and they might use it to fight with their spouse live on air.
Alright, anything else for your gaming week, DarkSakura?
And then I shot my husband in the face.
It's just Mass Effect and World of Warcraft.
Alright, Dan, show us how it's done, Dan.
How was your gaming week?
I played all the way through Red Dead Redemption on Dead Nightmare.
That was it.
But zombies!
It was pretty good.
Yeah?
Yeah, I bought it like, what, when it came out, and it just sort of sat on the shelf, and then for whatever reason this week, I was like, you know what?
I'm gonna kill some motherfucking zombies.
Oh, and I did.
Uh, you like to do a lot of- Oh, and he cursed a lot, too.
Oh, yeah!
You like to do a lot of watching of game playthroughs, too.
Like, you guys have the YouTube rigged to the TV, so you can kind of like watch people play games and stuff, right?
Strangely enough, yes, I deeply enjoy watching long plays on YouTube.
Yeah, you think that's a weird thing?
And wrestling.
I don't think it's a weird thing.
Kind of, to an extent.
Yeah, well, and old pro wrestling.
Well, I will say this.
I walked in on, what the hell were you watching this week?
It was something on the Game Boy.
It was like, was it DuckTales on the game?
No, it was something even more obscure than that.
Was it Mega Man?
No, it was even more obscure than that.
It was some licensed game.
Oh, The Simpsons.
It was a Simpsons game on Game Boy.
And I was like, that's an interesting one to watch.
Oh, yeah, it was Bart vs. the Juggernauts.
well because a lot of these games are stuff that like I've known existed but I was always just like what the fuck is this about and there's like this world of long plays channel on YouTube and they do just these really good high definition long plays of games and to an extent it's like I'd like to check this game out but God knows I'm not going to track it down and pay money for it so that's kind of the best way to go it's a good way to sample stuff too a lot of the new stuff yeah well you know a lot of these games suck so it's a lot better than wasting my time trying to play through them
All right, fair enough, fair enough.
All right, anything else you want to say about your game of the week, Dan?
No.
Okay, let's go to Loki.
Zombies.
Loki, how was your game of the week?
I played Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3, a little bit of that.
And then I also played McPixel because I bought that on my Android phone.
And it's pretty fun.
It's like a cross between the old LucasArts point-and-click adventure games
and MacGyver, but really dirty.
Dirty MacGyver?
Dirty MacGyver.
Basically, every single puzzle in the game is you have 20 seconds to defuse a bomb.
You don't know where the bomb is.
You don't know how you have to defuse it.
You just have to figure out how to interact with stuff and what you need to do.
A lot of the puzzles involve kicking someone in the nuts.
To defuse a bomb?
To defuse a bomb.
That's how I play Scribblenauts.
Is the bomb in their pants?
Sometimes, yeah.
It's such a weird game, and it's awesome, though.
I don't know why, but I'm suddenly reminded of the game Don't Shit Your Pants, which was also kind of an adventure game, remember?
Yeah.
But yeah, it gets really strange, but it's definitely worth checking out.
I think it's also on PC as well, but...
Tell us more about this because we need more people on it.
Yes, it's a server.
It's a whitelisted server.
So basically you go to the forum thread on the VOG Network forums and you say, hey, I want to be let in and I add your name to the whitelist and you can go in and build.
And you start off in this kind of like a jungle biome and up on a hill is the clubhouse.
You go in there, take a set of tools, you know, or, you know, use that as a home base for a while until you figure out what you're going to do and then go off and build.
And it's just a survival thing.
It's kind of fun.
OLR Village
in retrospect though I think I might have built my set actually somebody on Twitter offered to do a YouTubey thing which I don't I'm not very good with the live streaming and all that so maybe we can get something on YouTube but anyway we'll work on that later but I was playing that this week on the server and I built a sad little house but I just I needed shelter because you're not in safe mode you do have limited mobs you're on like the easy mode but you gotta have you gotta have some mobs to give some challenge right
Well, easy mode still has all the mobs, they just don't do all the damage.
Although, I have to say, we were playing in easy mode, and the other day we were just fucking around.
Because, see, since I'm the admin, I can switch shit all the time.
Like, I have right now, I'm basically playing, or I was playing in creative mode because I was...
Let's put it this way.
Okay, when we first started the server, I built the clubhouse and it looked really cool and stuff.
And then I had Bobby telling me, hey, I can't go into the clubhouse.
I'm like, what the hell do you mean you can't go into the clubhouse?
Yeah, the door doesn't work.
Huh?
That's weird.
Okay, whatever.
Then Rob's like, yeah, I couldn't go into the clubhouse.
What?
Why couldn't you go in the clubhouse?
Well, apparently, I built it too close to the spawn point.
See, the admin, you can break stuff near the spawn point and build stuff and stuff like that.
Other players cannot.
So you could open the door, but you couldn't walk through because it wasn't updating the block that was there.
So I had to tear it all down and build it up on a hill, which is kind of funny.
It looks great, though, because now you have that waterfall and everything.
Yeah, so we were doing that.
But anyway, so like I said, I was fucking around because I was in creative mode.
And so you can spawn whatever you want, including monster eggs that spawn monsters.
So my friend's like, you know, I was talking about the Enderman.
He's like, yeah, I want to take on one of those.
I'm like, all right.
So, I spawned one and he fought it and he killed it pretty easily.
I'm like, he's like, oh, it was too easy.
I'm like, okay.
So, I spawned 20 of them.
But you will not make a habit out of spawning random enemies.
No, no, no.
This is just something we were fucking around for a while during lunch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, there's stuff around.
I've got to figure out a way to, like, maybe we'll put up a sign on our house that's like, hey, property of... You know, so you don't, like, accidentally... I mean, because someone can go to my mine, and that's fine.
I don't really give a crap.
But, yeah, there's a ton of... Go ahead.
It just occurred to me that if I ever did play this game, I'd probably do exactly the same stuff I do in The Sims and build underground.
Live in a cave.
Which you can do.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, that's easy.
A lot of people kind of do that.
They have their main house, and they build little outposts as they're in the mine.
That's a very common thing to do.
Just Living Underground.
Now, I did see a cool video where someone tried to completely recreate whatever the dwarf area was in Lord of the Rings.
Nice.
It was really cool.
Nice.
Yeah, you can do all sorts of crazy stuff like that.
It's more like just creative mode, which we can, you know, if no one wants to play survival mode, we can do that.
But I didn't want to do creative mode because it kind of defeats the purpose of exploring everything because it's like, eh, who cares?
I have all the objects.
I don't need to go find whatever.
I think it's fine.
I haven't died yet.
Yeah.
I've come close, but I haven't died yet.
This is still how I play The Sims.
When I'm not building that clubhouse, I am actually playing survival mode and I'm not actually cheating.
I don't have diamond armor or anything.
I'm just playing legit, but aside from building the start area, that obviously is doing creative.
So VOGnetwork.com forums if you want to join us and please do.
But don't destroy my house or I will find you and I will kill you.
And we've got plenty of server space.
I can host up to 35 people at a time and I don't even think we have 35 people that can play at once.
Good times.
So please join.
Not yet.
Yes.
Anything else for your gaming week?
No, that's it.
Well, I guess I talked about most of mine already.
I bought Minecraft PC this week solely for the fact that I could play on Loki's server.
So I'm exploring some of the things that are in there that are not in the Xbox One.
Is it worth the $20?
I think it's really fun.
I do.
I bought the 360 version I thought is pretty slick, and I started to get bored of it, and the PC version is so much better.
Yeah, the PC one you can mod and do all that stuff to as well.
Alan's helping me get a map mod, which I think would be very useful.
Yeah, yeah.
Any of that stuff's okay, as long as it's not like, hey, mod 2, you know, x-ray mod and stuff like that.
And, very awesome, you can have your own custom skin, so I look like Zangief from Street Fighter 2 right now, walking around in armor, so, you know.
Just like in real life!
I said fuck that so I actually have and I even linked it in there there's a program you can use with XPatter to map everything to an Xbox 360 controller and that's actually how it plays with an Xbox 360 controller and it's awesome it's great if you play the 360 version sweet alright the rest of my gaming week I'll keep it quick so we can get into gaming news because we've been pretty lengthy so far I'm just going to say more World of Warcraft surprise but I got my 6th level 85 cue the womp womp whatever don't judge me
and then I also played Borderlands on PlayStation 3 because it's free on PlayStation Plus right now.
So if you are a PlayStation Plus person you can get Borderlands for free which I think is a great idea to try and sell more copies of the sequel.
I don't know exactly how many people are on PlayStation Plus but I am not one to turn down a free game especially one that I was enjoying on the PC.
The only problem I'm having is that it was so much easier to aim with keyboard and mouse than it is with PlayStation 3 controller.
That's the only bummer.
But the game looks good, and it runs really smooth.
You know it's optimized for PlayStation 3.
Couple little graphical glitches here and there, but nothing that's a game-ruining experience.
A lot of you have told me to try Borderlands, and I really like the whole fusion of a role-playing game and a first-person shooter.
It makes the first-person shooters very accessible.
So, love it.
That's mostly it for this week that I can think of.
Let's do some housekeeping and then we're going to get into some big news tonight right at the top, right Loki?
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio if you want to join us on Facebook.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to join us on Twitter and you can always follow us there and keep on top of what's new with the show and when we're going to have weeks off or what have you.
Speaking of weeks off, DarkSakura will not be here next week but we will still be doing a show.
Maybe we can get Dan to come back.
I don't know.
We'll see.
It's a holiday.
Alright.
Moving on.
Starting off.
News.
Tonight.
Loki.
So apparently there's a thing that went around the internet.
It's funny because I get to watch it happen.
There's a distributor that leaked the Wii U pricing and the release date.
That's just so weird.
And they listed three SKUs and the price is anywhere from $249.99 to $349.99 and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, that was the funny thing.
It wasn't me.
It was some dude that goes by Hound Dog on YouTube, which we tracked down.
It's a hilarious story about that, which I'll get into in just a second here.
So yes, it was a little weird.
I don't like to talk about where I work because, you know...
Thanks for watching!
But yeah, it's funny though.
This is not necessarily a story about information I pretty much already told you guys based off of this information that I've known for a while now and also other information pointing to the release date of the 18th which is PDP leak and of course some other games that are going to be announced probably this week that are going to be launching on the 18th that kind of point to that.
but here's the funny thing is how the gaming media works and watching how it works is really interesting how there's literally copy pasted stories no research done and then it starts playing the telephone game where it gets even more ridiculous and I kind of I don't know if anyone's followed my Twitter you kind of saw a little bit of that because I kept posting articles like lol did they really just do that you know
So it started off in GamesFAQs.
It went to GoNintendo.
Then all these other Nintendo kind of websites started running it.
And one of the things that kind of got back to the higher-ups at our company, because we started getting calls from our customers, was the fact that they go, oh, this distributor supplies Amazon overstock and blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, yeah, true.
We work...
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
But, like, CNET, I think out of all the stories I saw from the different blogs, CNET's probably the funniest one.
And I don't know who this guy is, but he first, he put the text, you know, that was the text information.
He's like, yeah, okay, so it was the Wii U system, 11.11, 249, 299, 349, three Cs.
But then I got this additional information.
A screenshot of the website.
Oh, that backs up the information.
Oh, wait, I got another source.
It's a video.
It's like, you're a fucking idiot.
They're all the same goddamn thing.
It's the same goddamn source, and you're sourcing two other things to make it sound like it's more legit.
Some comments from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
DungeonBuster says, copy pasta journalism.
Frisbee says, control C, control V. That's how the stories go from you to me.
I like that.
There's like a little song about that.
WhatUpG says it would be cool if it was November 11th, but November 18th makes sense, at least historically, for Nintendo.
That's the exact same day they released the Wii?
The GameCube?
One of the other systems was the exact same day.
So, Mr. Dan.
Having a background in video games retail, that actually does make a lot of sense as a release date.
Nintendo loves to release shit on Sundays.
It's really irritating.
And it does also make sense about the 11th that...
They will be sending them out early because the stores don't get it.
It doesn't just magically spawn in the store Sunday morning.
We have it hidden away somewhere so that you can't get it.
You can't steal it.
You could steal it.
So that GameStop managers can take pictures of it and post it on the internet.
I never did that.
No, you never did that, but other people did.
But here's the funny part.
Like I said before, there is this guy, this anonymous guy, Hound Dog, who leaked it.
Dude, first rule of the internet, anything that you post on the internet always stays on the internet.
So when you post a video or whatever, and then you think that we're not going to figure it out.
First off, his video basically was a video of a screenshot.
Had a time and date in the bottom corner.
Stupid.
Because you know what we could do?
We went back.
Look at the web access logs.
We looked at our web access logs, and guess what?
We query every single search on there.
Oh, and there was only four people that searched for Wii U. And during that time frame, there was only two.
And then it was basically two different customers.
Yeah, because it was my idea to go look at the web logs.
and then, oh, guess what?
You do a Google Cash search on Hound Dog and, oh, he has a trailer, an advertisement for a certain store that happens to be one of the two customers.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, Guerrilla Games and St.
Cloud.
Don't hold back now.
So what happened?
Did anybody go to the guy and say, why'd you do it?
Honestly, I don't know.
Because this was stuff that was to be handled by managers and upper management and stuff like that.
Because, funny enough, like I said, this had nothing to do with me.
I do item setup sometimes for a lot of games, but I don't do first party because our buyer, for some goddamn reason, wants to hold on to first party even though she fucks everything up.
But...
So she set that up.
She didn't flag it to not show up on our website, even though maybe she should have.
And it wasn't any of my customers that leaked the information.
So I just sat back and kind of let, lol.
Frisbee said she should have used the free Wi-Fi at Starbucks.
Seriously.
Oh, yeah, that was the other thing, too, is IP pointed back to St.
Cloud as well.
But, I mean, whatever, anyway, this is all a moot point come Thursday.
It is, exactly.
It's all a moot point, and the whole thing blew over pretty fast.
I mean, except for the fact that Amazon's like, we need an apology from you, we need you to blah, blah, blah.
Nintendo, of course, on people's asses about, hey, this is not supposed to be...
Which only leads credit to the fact that it's probably true.
Well, except that the date's not right.
But, you know, I mean, some information's obviously accurate, like the pricing.
But, you know, and like I said...
If you've been listening to the show for the last few months, this is not news to you.
I mean, put it that way.
I just find it funny, though, how seriously copy-paste all these articles are.
IGN, what the fuck?
Seriously, let's step aside here.
What the fuck is it with IGN and GameSpot where you have an article...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Why is it some British guy?
It's always a British guy.
People don't like to read.
They're having some intern guy read this.
Dude, and there's this distributor, but we can't get into their website because you need to log in and password, but this guy got in and he got this exclusive information and blah, blah, blah.
People don't like to read.
It's ridiculous.
You can't spell ignorant without IGN.
Well, it's funny you say that because people can't read, but there is somewhat truth to that because this makes a very interesting companion piece to Bobby's show before us tonight and the whole girlfriend mode thing and how that kind of got carried away and all that as well.
And that's because people didn't really want to read the entire article.
They just wanted to read the part where, oh, this guy calls the easy mode girlfriend mode because he clearly hates women.
Yes.
Joe Schmo I mean like
Seriously, MTV, it went everywhere.
It went to MTV's website, their gaming blog.
It went to IGN, it went to Yahoo, it went to CNET.
Well, CNET takes stuff from Yahoo, or vice versa.
I think that's just saying that people want to know the Wii U date already.
I understand that, but it's just so ridiculous how I literally got one email from an independent site asking to follow up on that.
One person.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Really?
Really?
That is your fucking, like, proof?
This guy just says, yeah, that sounds like feasible information.
Wasn't that one of the lifelines on who wants to be a millionaire?
Ask the expert.
Are you on a game show?
It's like, yeah, I...
Yeah, that seems feasible.
Hey, Joe Schmoe, who plays some video games that delivers our mail, do you think that this release date sounds like it could be real?
Sounds right.
It was the release date.
I have the information to back that up, but it sounds like a date to me.
I mean, it is a date, and it hasn't happened yet, so I guess it could happen.
Anyways, let me just stop right here and reiterate what I've said in the past.
3 SKUs, 249, 299, 349, 299 SKU I speculate Wii U system, tablet that's it, it's in case you already have a Wii system speculate because I don't know any information other than 3 prices oh and November 18th release date but that's also speculation based on information but whatever not information I have from Nintendo nothing from Nintendo
299 SKU, System, Gamepad, Wii Remote Plus, Nunchuck.
In case you don't own a Wii system.
349 SKU, System, Gamepad, Nunchuck, Remote Plus, Nintendo Land.
That's my guess, so we'll see you in a few days if I'm right.
Alright, we'll find out on Thursday.
It's gonna be a busy week between the iPhone 5 on Wednesday and then Nintendo on Thursday.
This is Tech Christmas in some ways, so the blogs will be busy this week copy-pasting from each other.
When they're not live blogging, because that's the other big thing.
Live blogging.
Anyhow, I think I just gave Loki an aneurysm.
Let's move on to something a little more indie, shall we?
Something a little more under the radar.
Maybe the thing you should be paying attention to.
It's Steam Greenlight.
Have you heard about Steam Greenlight?
It's a chance for you to basically help... I don't want to say it's Kickstarter because it's not, but it's helped generate buzz for indie games.
People that want to get their ideas out there to be approved by the community to be sold on Steam.
Okay.
Well, when this first went live, a lot of people were putting a lot of crap on there.
And things like Half-Life 3 showed up on Steam Greenlight and things of that sort.
So in order to kind of curb this, Valve decided to set a $100 fee to get your project listed on Steam Greenlight.
This fee goes to Child's Play.
Pretty interesting solution, a pretty ingenious way to figure it out.
The Valve UI designer Alden Kroll said, quote, the proceeds will be donated to Child's Play.
We have no interest in making money from this, but we do need to cut down the noise in the system.
Of course, this is causing a little bit of controversy because some people think, you know, well, for a true indie, $100 is a lot of money, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What do you guys think?
Is this fair?
I think it's a good way to make sure people are serious about it I think it's fair And especially the fact that it's a donation is kind of nice I don't see a lot of other companies doing that type of thing So, very cool Also, some other changes to the system Now when you log in and look at Steam Greenlight You're going to see a smaller list You're not going to get thrown everything at you Games that you haven't rated will be the ones that you see Popular games and new games on Steam Greenlight
I noticed there was a project on there called Project Gianna.
Does that have anything to do with Great Gianna Sisters from the 64 Days?
It's a sequel.
It's amazing.
It's the one that was on Kickstarter that I kept talking about.
I'm going to go upvote that right after the show.
They have a demo you can play.
Really?
Already?
Yeah, it's pretty sweet.
Over 700 submissions already since August 30th.
Now, one thing you can't do on Steam Greenlight, just for the record, sex games.
There was a game called Seduce Me that was on Project Greenlight and yes, it was removed.
And Doug Lombardi, a spokesperson for Valve, said, quote,
and what a shame.
All right, I guess we can understand why they don't want that stuff associated.
Sex is overrated.
Well, because of the media sensation that would occur.
Think about it.
If they were to sell Booby Game, then suddenly it's going to be on CNN and there would be the commentators on Fox News.
Oh my God, can you believe on Steam the Booby Games that are corrupting our children?
They don't let your dirty money.
It's Booby Steam.
So I can see why they don't want to be associated with that, but I wish people weren't so freaking...
Up tight.
Stick up their ass.
Let the mature people that want to tell a lot of booby jokes have their game, damn it.
Boobs.
You know what, that actually goes back to the same little thing when you tell a little kid they can't do something, what's the first thing they want to do?
Is go out and do it.
Well, I mean, if you put the same sort of taboo on things, you know, like foul language or fucking, people are just going to want to, you know, see it more.
Going to Frisbee in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com Miss World Nude 13 for Greenlight Excellent suggestion Sague, who knows a thing or two about developing games, is in our chatroom saying The Greenlight stuff is cheaper than any other commercial game seller Steam is $100 for one time, iOS is $99 a year, Mac is another $99 a year, Xbox Creator Club $99 a year
So, very interesting perspective on what that $100, if that really is too much money or what, is that, you know, that's the same price you're going to pay for iOS, which is seen as a huge indie boom.
I'm sorry, it's the same amount for one year, and then you have to renew on iOS where you don't with Steam.
It's basically like the free-to-play model, if you think about it.
You buy the game, or you pay your hundred bucks, and you're done.
Degenerate Johnny in our chatroom says, yeah, like unbaptized babies lactating out of Cleopatra's nipple.
Oops, that was Dante's Inferno.
Good point.
All right, let's move on.
Let's move on with something a little more clean and wholesome, DarkSakura.
Well, I don't know how clean it is, but it's sort of really just more adding to the rumor mill about the whole Steam Box thing that we've talked about before.
There is a job listing for an industrial designer on Valve's website, and I'll read the quote on here.
We're frustrated by the lack of innovation in the computer hardware space, so we're jumping in.
Even basic input, keyboard and mouse, hasn't really changed in any meaningful way over the years.
So basically, they're trying to, I guess, expand further, but they're still kind of denying the whole Steambox thing.
Why do these rumors keep perpetuating everywhere?
It's interesting.
Although it does have me thinking, you know, if Valve does want to do a console, now might be a pretty good time.
It's because they keep hiring for people for that.
That's why.
When you have someone that's being hired for, like, hardware design, it's like,
Steam Software.
It doesn't necessarily mean it's going to happen next year or anytime soon.
For example, they hired console developers for Diablo 3 at Blizzard.
Doesn't mean that we've seen Diablo 3 on consoles yet.
Maybe it'll happen next year, or maybe not.
I don't even see it being its own sort of system.
I see maybe the potential of having something as a computer add-on.
Like a combination storage device, maybe graphics boosting...
It would seem so easy, though, to just do a little PC in a box that plays very basic Steam games.
You know, what the hell's Anuja?
It's kind of like that.
I mean, it's a very, very, very bare-bones type of system that just plugs in your TV.
Maybe Valve could pump another couple hundred dollars worth of tech into it and have something that could play Portal.
See, I could do that.
It's called my computer.
Well, they could sell it as a PC.
That I already have.
That I play Mass Effect on.
VALVE
Mass Effect 3 I have Half-Life News
So, in June 2004, to show off the, at the time, brand new Source engine that Half-Life 2 was going to come out on in November of that year, Valve put out Half-Life Source.
They basically piped the original Half-Life game into the Source engine, and it was probably one of the laziest things they've ever done.
It's like, okay, it has better lights and physics, but otherwise...
It's a Half-Life 1998 game.
And the fans were really kind of ticked off about it.
So a group of them formed the Black Mesa Source Project.
They are just amateur programmers.
They're not professionals.
Not getting paid to do this.
And they said, we are going to take Half-Life and literally redesign it and program it from the ground up into the Half-Life 2 engine.
They had a fiasco in 2009 where they released a really awesome trailer.
and eventually ultimately the game didn't come out because they're like this isn't done so they kind of shot themselves in the foot they went out on a on a media blackout for last three years and it's coming September 14th they finally announced that's very interesting so because they kind of got burned the first time they started saying it was entirely their their fault but yeah but they went just underground with it yeah but they didn't update the twitter they didn't put the youtube no leak screenshots they're like we are off the grid we're still working on it well
Dan just said, sounds like Valve to me.
But this isn't Valve.
No.
But Valve's kind of embracing it, right?
Oh, yeah.
They're very supportive of it.
Some companies would cease and desist the shit out of it, like we saw with that Chrono Trigger remake and Square Enix, right?
Yeah.
Valve is like, cool, let's help you get it out there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This is your thing.
I think it's already got its clearance on Steam Greenlight.
Shock.
Steam's probably going to host it.
What do you think this means for the future of Half-Life, if anything?
Get people interested in the franchise again considering that it's been eight years since Half-Life 2 proper came out and a good five years since Episode 2 came out.
and they're still not a peep about Half-Life 3 so they also said for this remake that they added some dialogue they did some plot tweaks to make the slower parts of it more interesting but otherwise it's a shot for shot remake the trailer is still on YouTube from three years ago if you haven't seen the trailer you should watch it it's really awesome and so I'm thinking you're going to be getting this the day it comes out it's free why wouldn't I and you'll be playing through it so I'll see you in a week alright
Anything else you want to say, Alan, before we say goodbye for now?
No.
Thank you for the update.
I appreciate it.
Because I, unfortunately, am very ignorant when it comes to Half-Life.
We don't have time to play every single game.
But Alan will make me play it at some point, I'm sure.
And this sounds like a good way to get exposed to it.
So, TigerClaw in our chatroom says, It's better they continue working on it and when they feel it's ready to release it.
No reason to release a buggy game.
If Half-Life 3 ever comes out, it'll probably go multi-platform.
You know, I've been teasing Alan with that idea is that maybe they're saving it for the next round of consoles.
Maybe it'll be a PC and PlayStation 4 exclusive or something like that.
That certainly would be a real great way to generate a lot of energy about the game.
We shall see, however.
All right, let's move on with some other news.
Loki.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, thumb.
All right, so this is kind of interesting.
I talked about a game I played during the week, which is called McPixel.
And this weekend, they actually went about a unique way to advertise the game.
Okay.
It's on the front page of the Pirate Bay.
Pirate Bay being a very notorious website for piracy.
McPixel, they have basically a little bit of a letter to people.
It's like, hi, I'm SOS.
I make video games, but not in a big company.
I make games I want to make.
I know that not everyone can afford entertainment but everyone needs it and even though I make games for a living I am most happy to just see people enjoy them so today you can download a torrent of my game and if you like throw some coins in my general direction
And so they actually have that on there.
You can download a torrent for it and download it for free.
Or once you've done that and you play it, you can decide to donate money to them.
I think this is what Radiohead did for one of their albums like five years ago.
I don't remember, but I know that this is what also like, oh, the Riff Trax guys do because they're like, listen, we know that not everybody downloads these from us, but if you like them, maybe kick us some money.
Riff Trax is in a little bit of a stickier situation, though, because they are doing parody art of movies that you kind of already have to own.
They can't put it out there, attaching it to the movie.
So a lot of people will do the nefarious stuff for them to get that, but they're in a weirder place.
It's also a lot more convenient to try to have to sync that stuff up, because...
I've synced that stuff up before like I'll have we watch all the Twilight movies with the riff track stuff on there and I had the DVD for Twilight but man downloading the the already pre-synced stuff's way easier than having to have a second source to play the mp3 at the same time as auto because it gets off sync pretty easy
All right.
What do you think?
I mean, I don't know if there's a lot to think about this because clearly no big publisher is ever going to do anything like this.
But do you think the guy will actually make some money?
He'll probably make some money.
I mean, the game is not that expensive.
He probably didn't spend that much money on it.
So, I mean, it's exposure to him, and if he figures that people are going to pirate it anyways, getting in front of people's faces and saying, hey, you know what, at least donate some money if you like it, donate a dollar, five dollars, whatever.
It's certainly a great way, if nothing else, to generate publicity about a game that, let's be real, people probably wouldn't have been talking about on this scale anyway.
Unfortunately, it's really hard for indie games to get press.
Shit, this is a good way to get press everywhere.
Yeah, exactly.
And the other thing, too, is you look at some of the people, it's much like the Humble Bundle, where some people just pay a penny or whatever to get it.
But there's people that donated $141 for this game.
The Brony Bundle group on Twitter or whatever, I get a kick out of that.
People that band together to donate lots of money.
But it is a good cause.
I love those Humble Bundles.
Those are always a good time.
In fact, let's see here.
I was trying to see the...
There's a couple of people that did $140, $133, $67.
There's a bunch in the 50s.
And the average right now, this is the average price that people are paying for is $2.58.
Jamie, you said there's a really good chat comment?
Nish said Radiohead did this for their In Rainbows album and said it brought more money to them than all their other albums combined.
You know why?
Because they cut out the record label by doing that.
Well, yeah, but still.
And if you are, I mean, pretty much this would be just for the live listeners because this is only going for about another four hours.
If you do want to check out this game, I'd recommend go downloading the torrent.
Why you still can.
And you can do that guilt-free, and you are totally a law-abiding citizen, because the creator has given his blessing.
He wants this to happen, to get the word out.
Although, one little problem with that is that he says that you download the torrent, and it's only available for four hours, but once it's on the internet, it's always on the internet, and there's going to be someone always hosting that game, or hosting, seeding it, so...
Yeah, alright, well from one controversial viewpoint on piracy to another, Ubisoft, you know they're always on DRM that's kind of getting them a lot of crap over the years, or I should say over the years, it's only really been about a couple years, but Ubisoft is now changing their policy
on this always-on DRM.
You know, it's just been too much headache and so forth.
I think some of us saw this coming, but here's the new DRM policy according to Stephanie Perotti, who is the company's worldwide director for online games.
Ubisoft PC games are now going to require a one-time online activation when you first install the game, then you are free to play the game offline.
and they claim this has been Ubisoft's policy since June of 2011 but it's been noticed that maybe there's been some games that didn't get that memo because the always on we've seen in some more recent releases.
However, this is going to be their new policy moving forward.
A fair compromise?
What do y'all think?
That's fair.
I do think it's fair, but I always have concern for people that can't get that online connection.
And there are still some people in the world that can't get that online connection.
I'm not just talking about people that live in the sticks, but I'm talking about military service people overseas.
You know, sometimes I want to play some games to, you know, blow off steam a little bit.
And, you know, I do realize they can use the satellite connections and some of these things, but that's not always a reality or it's expensive or what have you.
So I just hope there might be some workarounds, some considerations made for people who really are trying to do the right thing.
They usually do that with a lot of software that phones home is they'll have, you know, the...
Alternate means of, you know, it usually involves, you know, calling up a number and you give them, you know, whatever and they give you authentication code or something.
That would be fair.
I hope there is some type of little plan B in the small print for people that truly can't, you know... Which is how they create a lot of those cracks out there for software.
But I'm just saying, you know, it's...
I mean, they were expected to be having 93% of their software pirated, so... Maybe they can drop that number down to like 85%.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We're running long this segment, of course, but we knew we would.
DarkSakura.
I'll try to keep this one short then.
Basically, the Mass Effect 3 for Wii U is being developed by... It looks like Straight Right, who is out of Australia.
Yeah.
And their big thing is that they don't want to mess it up.
Basically saying that they've been putting a lot of work into this.
It's not going to be a rushed deal.
They're going to have this ready for the Wii U's launch and that it's supposed to be amazing.
Well, thank God they didn't come out and say, you know what, we're going to half-ass it.
I'm just waiting for the game company that's going to come out and say, eh, whatever.
You know, you'll like what you get.
Deal with it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Now, wouldn't you think with a new console coming out, you'd want to say better?
A new console using old technology?
I just... How can it be any better?
I'm just saying it's not helping the case of the Wii U. It's using old tech.
It's using the Wii.
I'm just saying.
So I would expect it to look as good as a Wii.
I'm being sensationalist and latching on to that one quote.
Here's my headline, my pull quote.
Mass Effect 3 will look about as good as it does on the other consoles on the Wii U. There's my pull quote.
Orange Lounge Radio exclusive.
Rob?
Yes?
There is a quote here.
It says, This is the biggest title we've worked on in a long time.
There is a significant technical challenge bringing the game from its original format to the Wii U. It's new, different, and sophisticated piece of hardware.
As of.
So there's a good deal of technical energy that's being expended to make that happen.
You have to see the size of the shoehorn we need to have in order to get that tablet to work.
Seriously, it's just ridiculous that they even make shoehorns of that size.
We used a hammer.
Look, I will say, because I'm a huge Mass Effect fanboy, I would love to get my hands on the Wii U version, at least for multiplayer.
I really kind of wanted to see how it works with the screen and everything.
I'm very curious.
It could be interesting.
This is me with no fucks left to give.
Stop.
I'm just going to play it on PC.
It's already fun.
Maybe someone will make a nice mod for having your side screen or something, but I don't care.
If in the future I had a Wii U sitting right there and a copy of Mass Effect 3, you know when you come over you'd be like, I want to kind of see it.
I'd watch you play it.
Yeah, I'd be curious, but it's not enough to make me buy a Wii U. What would be enough to make you buy a Wii U?
Fuck if I know.
How about a good system?
How about it being good?
How about it having good games?
I'm not saying it doesn't have good games.
We don't know yet.
This is the problem with Mass Effect 3.
I already have Mass Effect 3.
Shut up.
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
Dan's got something to say.
You wanted a Wii, too.
See, this is from the woman who wanted a Wii to start with.
She waited in line overnight.
I was like, fuck the Wii.
It's last gen.
Oh no!
This is the man who played Twilight Princess for hours.
There we go.
I didn't play Twilight Princess for hours.
I played through Twilight Princess.
The Zelda games were good.
The Zelda games are good, but at the same time it's, you know.
I try to do surgery.
I don't think the Wii U is that bad.
I mean, I just think it's a stupid idea.
He's completely missing the point of what I'm saying.
I already have Mass Effect.
Nobody gives a shit about Mass Effect Mass Effect is out Everybody who wants to play Mass Effect has played it Okay, goody goody gumdrops Oh Mass Effect, oh it's so good
No.
To be fair, Dan's making a point we've made on this show before.
It's hard to get excited about, you know, Arkham City redone, Mass Effect 3 redone.
It's not even that redone.
I mean, like, some of the... You can tilt the Wii U tablet to move the, you know, the Batarang around.
You could do that also with the 6-axis controller on the PS3 version.
I would love... Please.
Please, Nintendo.
Blow me out of the fucking water on Thursday and be like, here's what's coming...
It better have like... Shut up, Dan.
It better have Turian porn mode to make me buy it, okay?
But no, seriously, they could come out Thursday and say, you know, we've got this Zelda or this F-Zero or this new IP that looks really cute.
I would like for that to happen.
That would make me very happy and a little less skeptical.
The only thing I fear is that there's a new Excite truck.
I want the bite if it's a new Excite truck.
Dan says Metroid Prime 4.
Metroid Prime 4 would be fucking sweet.
Are you kidding?
It would be absolutely amazing.
Use a mic.
All right.
Let's move on.
I was still... Oh, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Shut up.
I'm done.
Are you going to let him win?
I'll get him later.
All right.
Oh, okay.
Let's travel around the world and check out release dates of games that are coming out a little sooner than a Wii U. There's actually some stuff coming out this week.
Finding Nemo, Escape to Big Blue, the special edition being re-released now by Disney Interactive as opposed to THQ because guess what?
They're doing a 3D version of Finding Nemo that they're re-releasing into theaters.
It's kind of appropriate.
But it also is coming out on the 3DS as well, so it's not just the DS this time because, you know, I'm sure they made all sorts of enhancements.
What happened to movies on the 3DS?
Yes.
Weren't that supposed to be a thing?
Okay, let me put it this way.
A lot of the stuff that Nintendo promises never comes to fruition, like online.
There's a dig at the Wii U. I'm telling you the online is going to suck.
Battlefield 3, the premium edition for $60.
You get all the DLC.
It's on PC, PS3, Xbox 360 this week.
NHL 13 on PS3 and 360.
Tekken Tag Tournament 2 for PS3 and 360.
Also NHL, the Stanley Cup Collector's Edition, which is probably a complete waste of money unless you like DLC.
That is coming out for $80 on PS3 and 360.
And
What I'm entitling the most ridiculous game for 2012 and probably 2013 NBA Baller Beats for Xbox 360 and Kinect The game where you have to dribble a basketball to the beat of the music On my carpet On your carpet in front of Kinect Because that's going to fucking work That is coming out this week This game is going to scare the shit out of the cats, I can't wait
One week from today, Kirby's Dreamland, I guess, Collector's Special Edition.
That's too many fucking adjectives.
Collector's Special Edition is too much.
Just call it a Special Edition or Collector's Edition.
It can't be a Collector's Special Super Wonderful Edition.
Limited.
Mega.
20 years anniversary edition.
just call it virtual console games we could have released but we decided to put them on a fucking cart or I'm sorry CD DVD whatever disc that has a cart painted on it
Hey, you know what though?
It will be in insert format.
And it comes with a special gold cartridge that has absolutely nothing inside it.
At the very least, at least there is more than one ROM on this fucking disc as opposed to just releasing Super Mario All-Stars as a limited edition and then having people buy it for $80.
It has that little retrospective hallway new thing in it.
Look at that.
Well, bravo for Nintendo for putting a minute bit of effort into it.
Actdeft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Fuck you, Loki.
Kirby can have as many adjectives as he wants.
Orange Rite says, Super Hyper Kirby EX plus Alpha Zero Turbo.
And then I added, for matching service.
You know what?
Kirby sucks.
No, Kirby doesn't suck.
Actually, he does suck.
He does suck.
That is the truth.
He also blows.
Kirby blows.
He's gone from suck to blow.
Moving on.
Japanese releases.
Tekken Tag Tournament 2.
They get in on the fun this week as well.
September 13th is the big release there in Japan on the Xbox 360.
Going to the PlayStation 3, of course.
Same game there as well.
And a game called Excel World.
Ginyoku no Kakusei comes out.
Limited and regular editions from also... That sounds terribly boring.
A whole world based on a database program?
Not looking forward to that.
Stop.
Nothing on the Vita, though LittleBigPlanet is just a couple weeks away at this point in Japan.
Looking quickly at the 3DS for this week.
Metarot 7, Kabuto, and Kuwagata versions.
I don't know what game this... It's two separate editions, so it looks like little... Oh, this looks like fighting MechRobots type of game.
Looks like you collect little MechRobots and fight them to the death.
Oh, shoot, I know what this is.
Tell me that's not a total Pokemon-inspired screenshot right there.
This was, I watched some of this, where the guy gets these little robots, and it turned out that his dad played these two or something, and they all try to beat up his little robot, but his robot wins, and tears up his house in the meantime.
And then his mom's all sad because he's fighting the robots.
I don't remember, I only just saw it once.
Robots tear up a house?
Was that the premise of the Transformers movie?
No, a little teeny robot.
Sengoku Musou Chronicles 2nd on the 3DS as well.
You guys know what that is, right?
Devil Kings.
Once again.
And lastly but not leastly, Shin Igokoro Kaioshitsu comes out from Nintendo on the 3DS this week.
This game is not something that looks... It's an artist program.
Oh, this was one of the crazy, wacky games.
It's Art Academy.
It's something... I can't remember what it's coming out as.
It's art drawing things, like still life art.
We saw this at one of their Nintendo Direct conferences, and we're like, what the hell is this?
It's coming out in October over here.
I like that painting of the doggy that they did.
Not bad.
Alright, there you go.
That's Japanese releases.
I think it's like Art Academy.
You can draw everything, I think is what it's called or something.
I don't know.
It's an art game.
We'll figure it out.
Go into the UK.
I'm sorry.
I was still looking at this funny screenshot.
Okay.
So in the UK, on the 11th, we have Battlefield 3, Armored Kill.
On the 14th, Joe Danger 2, the movie, Tekken Tag Tournament 2, and Chaos of Deponia.
And that's it.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So, more Vita hacking.
Independent developer Yifan Liu has found an exploit that allows retail systems to run native homebrew Vita code.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Of course, he's basically saying, I'm going to not make anything that will benefit piracy.
This tool, in fact, cannot be used for loading backups or pirated content even if I wanted to because of the physical limitations of the exploit.
However, he says that, you know, this kind of stuff could lead to people developing a better method that could lead to that stuff, but as of right now, he is in no way endorsing piracy, even though everyone thinks that homebrew equals piracy, but that's...
kind of the situation that we're in right now of course he hasn't released any information on it yet because like before whenever they would release an exploit they would patch whatever game was involved with it so hopefully this one isn't game reliant like the last few have been
How quick do you think Sony will patch this up?
I mean, here we go again.
If it's game-reliant, pretty quick.
If it's not, it might take a little bit.
Or if it's even something they can patch, I mean, they should be able to patch it pretty quick.
And so we don't know how they're doing it because obviously they don't want Sony to get the jump on patching it.
Because before it used to be like, even before they released something, hey, this is the game that you need to have in order to run this modified save that loads the bootloader for some PSP homebrew.
before that would run in PSP mode but now that it's in Vita mode you have more access to memory and processing power and that kind of stuff it's not throttled like it was before so hopefully I mean I understand he's hoping that by saying oh yeah it's not going to really run any you know sort of exploit that will allow you the pirate games that he's hoping that it lasts a little bit longer but I'm sorry Sony's still going to patch that shit as soon as they can
X-Play and Attack of the Show sometimes.
X-Play now doesn't have Adam Sessler, obviously, because he's gone.
Is Morgan Webb still there?
I think Morgan Webb's still there.
Even Attack of the Shows lost a lot of their cast that people would watch it for.
Variety published an article this week that G4 is going geek and more chic.
This is rumor right now, but because G4 is owned by NBCUniversal, Comcast, they want to change G4 into a direction that's more like GQ, the modern male magazine.
I don't know how it's more modern male, more refined, I guess.
I don't know what kind of programming that would entail.
So basically Spike...
Thanks for watching!
Me neither because Logo still has RuPaul's Drag Race and honestly that's the only thing on cable worth watching.
So Highbrow, are they talking about more like GQ so they're going to start re-running episodes of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy or something like that?
Is that how they're going?
Is it going to be like the Metrosexual channel or something?
Who knows?
I don't know.
Maybe the guys who flip the million dollar homes.
One of those type of shows.
The real estate shows.
I don't know.
It's going to be garbage, whatever it is.
We'll see.
We'll see.
But regardless, any video game ties you might have to this network are looking to be severed pretty soon.
And it's not surprising.
It hasn't been dumped from satellite providers at this point.
They're not doing too well.
And like you said, there's been a huge turnover and so forth.
American Ninja Warrior may not have a place on the new G4.
That's too bad.
That actually was a pretty good show.
The other important thing to say about this, it's probably going to get a new name.
That's the other reason that makes this a big deal is because G4 will probably become something else.
But I can tell you right now, American Ninja Warrior fit right in with Spike.
So I'm sure that won't be gone for long.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Outro Music
DarkSakura.com
In Japan, it was called Chou Wakusei Senki Metaphyte, which translates to Super Planetary War Record Metaphyte, which honestly is a really freaking cool name.
It came out in the U.S.
in November 1988 and in Europe on April 25, 1991.
Yeah, they had to wait a long ass time to get this.
We just had to wait a few months after Japan.
But yeah, this game went from having a killer story in Japan to having the dumbest story ever in the U.S.
I mean, that doesn't affect how awesome the game itself was.
Okay, get this.
The Japanese version.
You're like an explorer landing on Sophia the Third, the planet.
And you have to explore where this ancient civilization was and stop this evil emperor and go through the whole planet.
Dan, shut up.
Hold on, I'm getting Dan to comment.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Second of all, it's tough as fucking nails.
The game is really, really hard, even for a NES game.
I mean, it is Nintendo hard.
And there's no save function, which is pretty brutal, because it's not a short game, and you upgrade the tank.
And when you die, and the tank is called Sophia in the NES version, Sophia III, which I always thought was really kind of weird, but it's cute in a way.
and you can make it fly you can drive on walls you can upgrade the blaster and shoot through walls you can jump out of the tank and your little dude runs around or you can go into like caves and you run around like Zelda style and then you can upgrade the weapons independently of the character who's named Jason and the tank which once again is named Sophia
I don't know why my wife's bitching about the Japanese storyline, because who fucking cares?
The Japanese version was a failure.
The Nintendo version is a classic.
Both Nintendo?
No, no, no, no, no.
The NES version.
Whatever, you completely didn't listen to anything that I said.
Rob, take the mic, please.
The Nintendo version, you drive a tank to save a frog.
It's awesome.
Saves you a frog.
And you can use the pause trick and kill the boss, it's real easy.
The pause trick means throw a grenade, pause it, and then they die.
Now, to be fair, we might have somebody who's like 14 listening to this program with their parents' permission, of course, who maybe didn't... Alright, Jamie, please.
Let's continue telling the listeners about Blaster Master.
Well, as Dan said, there is no save feature.
Whatever.
Shut up!
Jason and Sophia have different power meters, so they can... They take...
Dan, you're flustering her.
Let her get through this segment and then fluster her while we're on break.
I'm about to cut a bitch.
At any rate, you've got different power meters you can power up separately.
You get five continues, which he didn't say.
and you can restart the game at the same level in which you lost all of your lives you have a hover gauge that controls how much thrust is left in your tank I don't believe you brought up that the tank flies I don't believe you did bring that up he did oh my bad
Are you the king of Blaster Master?
I'm the Blaster Master.
James is like, I play Blaster Master.
We could turn on the desk right now.
We could actually turn on two nests and we could have a Blaster Master race and I will fuck her shit up.
But if we played Mass Effect, yeah, that wouldn't even be a good race.
She'd murder the shit out of me.
It'd be kind of sad.
Give me the mic.
For other releases that came out, there was a re-release on the PlayStation for Blaster Master itself.
Actually, my apologies for Metafight.
And Ripple Island came out on PlayStation in the Volume 4 of Sunsoft's Memorial Series in 2002.
And then it came out on the Wii Virtual Console on December 14, 2009.
And...
There was, um, Metafight was re-released for the Virtual Console on June 29, 2010.
There was Blaster Master Overdrive that, um, honestly I didn't give a crap about, so I'm not gonna talk about it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I actually played the Wii, believe it or not, I played the Wii remake, I have it.
It just didn't have the charm of the original for me.
I remember the controls bugged me.
It was a few years ago, but I remember the controls really bothered me.
That was an issue.
That was released by Victor Ireland.
from Working Design.
And rest in peace.
New company, Gaijin Works.
Yeah, Gaijin Works.
There was also a sequel on the Genesis, which was not produced by the original creator, which was not so good.
There was kind of a pseudo-remake for the Game Boy Advance called Enemy Within.
Actually, no, it was for Game Boy Color, which was also not as good.
And there was a punishment from God sequel on the PlayStation called Blaster Master Blasting Again.
So really, there's only one good Blaster Master game.
The whole reason why the story was changed is because You have to give them credit.
Frogs are pretty awesome.
No, they're slimy and stupid.
And they make you hallucinate.
Anyway, they changed it because they didn't think that the space exploration would be popular in the US.
That whole genre of anime hadn't really made it over.
And so they changed it to Jason and His Frog.
And used the name of the planet, Sophia the Third.
There was a portion of the map in the fourth level...
that did not map over, so actually you have to make this huge jump off a ladder, suspended in midair.
I'm not gonna say any more
How'd that Kickstarter go for them?
They made it, right?
They made more than initial... I figured they would.
Good times.
Alright.
This game is hard as hell.
Alright, there it is.
Blast off.
I was just watching the YouTube in the background, remembering having horrible, horrible nightmares of the game.
I thought that that particular playthrough was interesting because it was a non-machine-assisted speedrun.
That looks like you can kind of tell when it's an emulator and when it's that dirty connection to the TV through an RCA cable.
You can kind of tell the difference on YouTube, and that was definitely the TV being plugged in there.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Blaster Master.
We're going to take a break here, but don't go anywhere.
We've got plenty more of show to come.
Yes, there's more.
We're going to talk a little bit about the OUYA in Part B tonight, as well as some Final Fantasy collections and, of course, Rapid Fire News.
Your phone calls as well.
You want to call in?
You want to get involved in Dan and Jamie's discussions?
Here's your chance during the Skype line.
I don't want to be involved in our discussions.
In Part B tonight.
But first, a break.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on September the 9th, 2012, Dreamcast Day at vognetwork.com, the Voice of Geeks Network.
We've had a pretty exciting show so far tonight.
DarkSakura, I think they hugged it out during the break, yes?
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
In January, coming up next year, we will have been together for 15 years, but we've been married for 7.
Yes.
You are such a dork.
What was I supposed to say?
I don't know, I'm leaving you.
Okay, this is funny because Rob's cutting his quesadilla with scissors.
You use a pizza cutter.
Rob doesn't have mics, he can't hear any of this.
Anyway, so yeah.
I found them on the work message boards and told you about it.
No, I found them on the work message boards.
You are a liar!
No, I'm not.
Wait, wait.
You are such a liar.
Definitely married for seven years, ladies and gentlemen, Jamie and Dan.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
All right.
A couple quick, quick things.
We are just a couple weeks away from episode 475.
Wait, one more thing.
What?
The day after, on September 2nd, I converted.
I became Jewish.
Oh, is that your fool?
That was my conversion day.
I thought you'd already had that.
No, not this last one.
That was two years.
It meant two years past my conversion.
Oh, okay, it was the anniversary, I see.
And that's why you're not here next week, because there's a holiday.
Yes, because Rosh Hashanah starts.
So Happy New Year, all the Jews out there!
Understandable.
Have a good week off.
Hope you listen to the podcast during the week.
Maybe.
Anyhow, episode 475 is coming up.
We might have some surprises in store, so be sure you're here that night.
And I'm talking mostly for the longtime OLR fans.
There's something brewing where you longtime OLR fans are going to be like...
What?
That's all I'm going to say.
Episode 475, be here.
All right.
Because reasons.
Rapid Fire News is up next.
While I finish cutting my quesadilla, which by the way, smells delicious.
You take all the pictures you want of my delicious quesadilla from the work-provided quesadilla maker that I won.
Thank you.
Picture with scissors.
So there's a new free Vita game that you can download.
It's called Treasure Park, and basically it's a game that allows you to create your own grid-based puzzles with hidden objects and bombs and stuff, and you can share them with your friends in your app.
That might be a reason for me to play my Vita that I haven't played.
Sound Shapes is a reason to play your Vita if you haven't yet.
Yeah, I heard it was really short, though.
It is, but they have all the online levels.
It's a good game.
and that pinball, that pinball now that I haven't really played but I hear it's good I played it on Xbox the Ego and Shadow of the Colossus collection as well as the God of War PS3 collections those have been given an update to allow for remote play on the Vita so now you can get your Shadow of the Colossus fix on the go which is pretty sweet
Of course, those include the first two God of War games, Ico and Shadow of the Colossus.
So that's pretty sweet.
And last but not least, Angry Birds is getting yet another spin-off, this time in the form of Bad Piggies, where you're going to take the villains, I guess, of the game and play as them in puzzle-like fashion, I'm sure.
And that's coming out on iOS, Android, and Mac.
September 27th with other versions Windows Phone, Windows 8 and PC later on I guess.
It doesn't sound very exciting but I'm not a big Angry Birds fan.
I'm sure it'll sell millions and billions like all the others did.
Of course.
Metroid
On the Wii U. Do I have your attention?
Alright, well here's the unfortunate part.
It's just part of Nintendo Land.
But I gotta say, it does look kinda neat.
A lot of people are saying it looks like a souped up version of the Battle.me prototype.
If you ever saw that during the trade shows.
They showed this.
DarkTetsuya, listen up.
La Mulana, finally on WiiWare.
September 20th is the big day.
This is a big sordid story here.
It was going to come out and then it wasn't because they didn't think it would make money.
They said it was going to be canceled.
Then the internet got mad.
So here it is.
There's a lot of QQ.
The most complete archaeology action and exploration game ever created.
So that Indiana Jones game that was in the arcades, the Temple of Doom arcade game, I guess that can suck it because this is the most complete archaeology action and exploration game ever created.
Over 40 hours of play.
No, for real, for like retro looking games, it looks awesome.
I got a ton of Nintendo news tonight because here, okay, I got to admit,
The only reason I'm covering this is because it's on all the game blogs.
Because I think this is the biggest fucking duh in the world.
But the game blogs are saying, Wii U Zelda coming in 2014?
No shit.
Saying a Zelda game is coming out on the Wii U is like saying the sun is going to rise in the morning.
That bears shit in the woods.
That's what you call a safe bet.
And also what you call a headline that will get people to go, almost!
Oh my god!
There's a Zelda game coming!
I need to reblog this everywhere!
So your site gets, you know, hits.
It's all about the hits, folks.
Here's the thing, though.
Why would it be 2014?
Why not next year?
Because they haven't announced one yet, and people think that, oh, they've already announced everything that they've got coming.
So what's going to be their big thing next year?
They've got to have something big, big, big next year.
Next year... The Donkey Kong poop-throwing edition?
Well, unless it's a 3D Mario.
A Donkey Kong poop-throwing game?
Maybe.
Smash Brothers, they're thinking, remember?
In 2013?
Those Smash Brothers games always take forever.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No news yet on Circle of Evermore?
No.
And then Ace Attorney 5 will be coming out
Emma?
Emma?
Emma?
and then Rhythm Thief is supposed to be coming to the IOS this winter.
So this one is just going to be one player and I think should have leaderboard options.
So that's it.
Sorry, my mouth is full of quesadilla.
Rhythm Thief, I want to play that though.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm not stopping you.
I'm not stopping you.
Facebook, Google, put them together, you get Fugle.
And we ask a question every week and we read some of the answers.
I want to reiterate that because some people sometimes get a little upset that I don't read their answers.
But like, if I read all the answers, it would be a five hour show.
So we pick some of the answers to read from Google Plus and Facebook about the question.
The question ties into a story from Part A. There's a rumor going around that G4 is going through some changes.
Although G4 stopped being exclusively games and tech some time ago, we want to ask you about video game television.
Do you think a dedicated video game television station could work in today's world?
If you do, what kind of shows would you want to see on it?
If you don't think it would work, why not?
Redertainment on Google Plus starts.
Interesting.
You know what?
But true.
I actually equivalent the Nielsen system with using BMI to track health.
Both of them are inherently flawed and useless.
Technus replied on Google Plus and said, I think a dedicated video game channel on cable is long gone.
The problem with G4 in the early days is that they used to air reruns so much it was nuts.
I remember getting the channel as a preview channel and they would air the same old episodes that I saw a few months ago.
When they merged with Tech TV, I thought they could coexist pretty well with finally cutting out the excess of reruns and shows that nobody really watched from both networks.
And he goes on and on to talk about Tech TV and then they flushed it down the drain and so forth.
he says at the end though it's all about video on demand and IPTV services these days and I think that's where a video game network can thrive so he thinks in the traditional sense it's done and Jim replies and says it would never work the channel wouldn't be able to be very critical of games or the industry in general because that's where the bulk of their advertising dollars would have to come from
Interesting, because he thinks that the conflict, it would never work.
I think there's some truth in that.
They can be pretty mean sometimes.
All right, going over to Facebook and checking out some of the answers on Facebook, which there's a lot, and I'm never going to be able to get through some of these.
another comment from DarkCharger about IPTV becoming the norm Nutman says I think a video game channel could work but TV executives need to step out of the way G4 like many other TV endeavors failed because guys in suits thought they knew better than the people they hired Scott Rubin and others behind G4 were met with opposition on everything and eventually just gave up entirely executives set it up for failure and then asked everybody why it failed so they need to get rid of the management
RedTheHaze says, Nope.
Every now and then I remember Tech TV and G4.
I miss those channels, but then I remember we have the internet now.
Ronnie says, Yes, it would work.
There will always be the casual market that doesn't know as much as we do on the internet.
I don't expect it to ever be like the original G4.
I imagine it would be extremely casual.
TigerClaw says the problem with having a cable network dedicated to video games is you've got to appeal to a certain demographic, which is relatively small to a mass audience.
Who needs a 24-hour cable network devoted to video games when you can find all the video game coverage you can imagine online?
um looking at some of the other answers Degenerate Johnny says honestly with the YouTube channels and internet shows being dedicated to video games I think that a cable network channel would not work for long so many of these e-shows and podcasts such as OLR feature an overwhelming amount of content to satisfy gamers of all ages
Such features include up-to-date news, the latest reviews of games and DLC, etc.
These features are all that the average video gamer requires.
It would be a waste of time to watch something on TV for something that could easily be accessed on the internet in an entertaining fashion.
We killed G4.
Confirmed.
According to Degenerate Johnny.
Um...
Mike simply says, yes, it would work.
I'd like to see reviews, strategies, how-to, achievement type shows.
Wicked says, I think a dedicated gaming channel could be viable in today's market.
With how diverse and expansive the internet is, gaming content that would be on a television network is numerous, but too far and wide for some.
A channel that specifically caters to the video game masses would concentrate a lot of good shows, topics, and games in one location for easy digestion.
As for what should be on the network, that simple.
Look at G4 Tech TV, both separate entities, and during the merger.
And name some various shows there.
It was easy to fill up the network with gaming, though a lot of it was tech.
But also, hey, they knew the demographic.
And I think, if done properly, it could thrive again.
Just not as G4.
God, I hope not.
Lastly, Picaruno says, Charlie Brooker's Game Swipe.
Watch it now.
Those are some of the answers, but...
from our Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Check that out if you want to see the complete list of the answers.
Thanks to everybody and Google Plus as well.
Search for Orange Lounge Radio Plus and you'll find that.
Thank you to everybody who answered.
How about you folks here in studio?
Would it work or is it done?
It's done.
Why?
Well, I mean, really, everyone said, it goes back to what the other people said, the internet's taken over.
And besides that, I know plenty of people who would rather sit and play a game on their TV than watch a show on their TV.
I mean, me, I don't even watch TV.
I download my shows on the internet.
I watch Supernatural and Doctor Who and that's it.
If there was a dedicated video game station, or station, a channel on TV, I still wouldn't watch it.
I remember there used to be a show on G4 that just showed nothing but gameplay footage.
Like, little five-minute clips of gameplay footage.
It was a way to sample all the new games.
It was interesting.
I have the internet for that.
I mean, there's plenty of times when, like Dan said, I can sit with my netbook while I'm playing a game and look up a particular path in a game that I want to do.
Or, you know, he watches playthroughs of stuff all the time.
It's really just...
I don't think that it would have to be one or the other.
If TV was the only way to get the information, then yeah, then it would work.
But there's so many other outlets.
They're a lot more convenient and you don't have to wait for programming times or wait for it to record.
It's there when you want it.
The chatters jumped in.
Cinematheque was the show I was thinking of.
Loki.
Um, yeah, it's gonna be hard for them.
I mean, I don't know.
I think the problem would be is that they would, it's too niche for them to have enough revenues, revenue dollars from ads and stuff to warrant keeping the station.
It's just too, I mean, that's why you see like G4 going away where it's so generic now that, you know, it gets more viewers, I guess.
People like watching cops and stuff at weird hours at night.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I think you see a lot of it with tying into the Xbox style content.
You see a lot of networks trying to get in on that, even Comcast getting in on that, and a lot more of that on-demand style stuff, Hulu, Netflix.
I think if a gaming company could kind of build itself around that primary and be a cable network secondary, they'd be in a much better place than, say, somebody coming around and just trying to copy G4.
If a station can't evolve, it's going to be doomed.
Dan?
It could have been doable.
I mean, I don't know if it still could be doable because, again, the money's hard.
But the problem is that they never played it straight.
Like, even the biggest names, you know, when they had the video game shows, like Sessler, that dude was a douchebag.
He was just such a fucking retard.
And you'd watch and you'd just be like, I don't want to be associated with this guy.
and then they had the girl who wasn't really good looking but she was good looking enough to be kind of eye candy and people were just like well they're not really talking to gamers they're kind of just doing their thing and I believe that they were gamers I believe that they cared about what they were doing I just never thought that they were good I don't think that they played up real I think that if there was a show I don't think there could be a network but I think there could be a show that did the trick
You know, if it played it real and not douchey.
I get what you're saying.
I sometimes felt like a lot of those shows really felt like they were catered to 12-year-old boys and it gets old, you know?
Like, talk up to me, not down to me, you know?
Some folks in the chat room... JDR Dollar Bill agreed with you.
He says Sessler was a tool.
But Fifth Dream does not.
Sessler really is pretty awesome.
Sessler was pretty awesome, but Sessler was pretty awesome on tech TV because that's all they really needed is one show dedicated to video games and the rest was pretty awesome as its own.
That's the network you need to copy if you're going to try to copy a network.
Don't copy G4.
Copy Tech TV because that was awesome.
That's a network I think that could have actually made it given a little bit more advertising.
All right.
Well, go ahead.
One last thought.
I just don't really understand why TV is still big when you've got the internet.
I mean like what Dan watches like one show on TV now, MasterChef.
and the rest of it we use the internet.
We have Hulu.
We have everything else.
Yeah, me too.
I'm really paying an insane amount for cable.
Cable's gonna go.
Yeah.
It's not worth it.
The reason we still have cable TV is because we have cable internet as well.
And Dan likes MasterChef.
GameStop
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And of course, they're used to selling DLC, so assuming that this is kind of like Steam or Xbox Live Arcade or PlayStation Network or something like that, they would probably have codes that could be redeemed for apps and stuff on there.
But at the same time, I don't think you can go to GameStop and buy an app that's on the Android Marketplace or something like that or Google Play.
You can't just go, hey...
Dan, no one can hear you when you don't have a mic.
I don't know.
I just don't know if people would really... They're kind of pointless when it comes to buying stuff online.
Because why would I drive down to a store to buy something that I can purchase online without having to drive down to the store?
Aside from I'm trading in something.
But that only works if you're trading in a console game.
Because right now there's no trading on digital games.
So if really you're playing on a system, let's say you only own an Ouya, you're probably not going to be going down to them for anything.
except for maybe hardware and accessories assuming you need another Ouya controller or something if you didn't want to buy it online.
Well, this is all kind of about evolving to match what people want because if Ouya is going to be this big deal, GameStop wants a piece of it because GameStop is another one of those companies where its digital distribution becomes more and more.
They're getting a little worried.
Yeah.
And then another thing, there was a game that was on Kickstarter, Mercenary Kings.
Of course, they've surpassed their goal that they had, but now they're saying they're going to be putting it on the OUYA as well.
So right now, they're allowing anybody that's ordered a digital copy of the game, which is $15 pledged,
You'll get a copy of the Steam key and you'll get a copy of the OUYA key, which they believe that there's going to be a key system for that, although that obviously hasn't been confirmed yet.
But in some way they'll try to get it so that you can play that.
And for those who are not aware, Mercenary Kings is a game that's kind of a cross between Metal Slug and Minecraft, I guess.
You craft things based on the components that are dropped.
by the enemies and it's also animated by Paul Robinson who does really kick-ass 8-bit, 16-bit animated GIFs and he also did the animation in the Scott Pilgrim game that was on Xbox Live Arcade so it is worth checking out.
I backed it.
I love Paul Robinson.
Sounds like something to check out.
He's got an awesome animated GIF with a dog with an eye patch and a robotic dog shooting bullets and glowing dogs.
Nice.
PS3, PS4, PS5, PS6
is not worth your time.
But you might have heard of things like EverQuest and EverQuest 2.
DC Universe.
Oh, Derp.
That's a big one.
Thank you.
These are all big games.
SOE is looking into something where you, the player, can create in-game items.
And if Sony Online Entertainment adds them to the shop, you would get a kickback.
S.O.E.
Now before you get too excited or wonder how SOE would not drown under these requests, keep in mind, to create these items, you're going to have to know how to do 3D modeling.
So if you don't know Maya or 3DS Max, you may not exactly get to get on this.
Also, you don't get to pick stats.
That's something Sony gets to do.
You can do the design, you can do the item and the lore behind it, but ultimately it will be up to Sony Online Entertainment.
Very interesting sort of prospect, but maybe they're thinking word of mouth to help these games succeed.
Because let's say I have an item in a game that you can go buy and make money off of.
I'm likely to start advertising for the game and tell all these people, hey, go buy my item.
Exactly.
And it kind of helps the game get more exposure and possibly generate more sales, which, you know, Sony gets a cut of, not unlike the iOS marketplace or what have you.
So it's definitely a neat idea.
I think people will probably use it if they're talented enough and maybe make a little cash.
We'll see.
So there you go.
Next story, DarkSakura.
Sorry, I had a little debate in the chat room.
Oh, anything you want to share?
Progress.
Why I think radio is going to go away and why TV is going to go away.
Yeah, but not tomorrow.
No, no, I didn't say that at all, but I'm saying that, I mean, it may not even happen in our lifetime, but those formats aren't going to be around anymore.
I gotta admit, I really like radio, though.
I mean, obviously, we're a podcast, so there's a radio element to it.
But traditional radio is in trouble because of things like us and satellite and so forth.
How many traditional radio stations do you think would air us?
Yeah, exactly.
But in the car, I find myself listening to a lot of radio.
And I do a lot of driving sometimes.
So I think a lot of us do.
And I know a lot of people listen to OLR specifically at work while they're doing something.
Oh, I feel sorry for them.
Some type of job.
Oh, they have headphones.
I've listened to Horde House at work.
I've listened to BBC podcasts on history.
Yeah.
So, I mean... But, I mean... So, I think there is still a demand for the audio only.
It just might be the traditional radio.
I mean, it's the same thing I just mentioned earlier where traditional TV is in trouble.
I don't think it's shutting down tomorrow.
No.
But eventually it is going to go away.
I mean, I can guarantee you that the TV set that I owned when I was in high school wouldn't work now.
It doesn't have any HD input.
Almost all the stations have gone to an HD format.
And there's a bunch of TVs out there that just won't play it anymore.
I've got video game systems that we can't play because we don't have the right kind of TV for it.
Like that Odyssey that we have, we can't play it.
We don't have anything it'll work on.
When was the last time you saw a videotape new?
Radio Shack
Game Guru in our chat room says, unless you can get internet over the air with an antenna, radio and TV won't disappear.
You kind of can.
It's getting really close.
Well, think of it this way.
20 years ago, we got to the internet on dial-up.
Let's see, 20 years ago would have been 92.
So I would say maybe we were at the stage where like,
28.8k dial up was kind of the big thing about then you know that was how we were connecting online and all that so we progressed that much from dial up modem 28.8k to where we're at now so think where we're going to be in 20 years I think that whole internet off an antenna
is right around the corner.
That's not already kind of there.
I was thinking about this earlier because there was actually a Cracked article talking about technology then and now and saying that half of a level of Angry Birds would not fit on a Duck Hunt cartridge or something.
And...
Dan says way less than that.
It's just a matter of progress.
It's going to change.
Stuff that they're going to have 10 years from now doesn't exist today.
And the stuff that we have today will probably fall down the wayside.
One of the reasons that they were making everybody go digital anyways, the whole switchover, is the analog frequencies and stuff that are out there that was for terrestrial broadcast and stuff, that's all up in the air now.
So now they can use that for broadcasting internet.
and Stanlearn InDesign if you're going to do print media.
Let me ask a crazy question and maybe this is a little bit too... You're crazy!
Maybe this is a little too heavy for our show.
But what if maybe there comes a time... What if we just ask God to broadcast the internet?
I'm not even going into that territory.
Well, what if society rejected that technology?
Like, I'm not saying everybody goes Amish.
Like the Betamax?
But there are Amish people in the world.
They have a phone.
Well, not everybody is necessarily always going to embrace technology.
And they have a neighborhood computer.
Well, that's kind of my point, is that what if society doesn't want to keep going that direction?
Or do you think... Do you really think that's going to happen?
That's not going to happen.
If war broke out over it, it might happen.
Nope.
Not even then.
Because if war broke out over it, then that means that they really want it.
If war broke out over it, it'd be who controls it.
Too heavy for the show.
All right.
Because the people that wouldn't want it, they would just die eventually.
I do like what Technus said about it not going away.
It will evolve.
That's more what I'm thinking of.
But I mean, you're going to look, say, 15 years down the line when we've all got pocket broadband radios.
We don't have wireless FM radios anymore.
We don't use radio waves.
We're using broadband signals.
Well, technically, a 4G phone broadcasting Pandora is a broadband radio.
Exactly.
in my pocket.
But I mean, older forms of the same idea are going to fall by the wayside.
That's what progress is.
That's just how it happens.
I mean, who uses a Victrola?
Do you have a Victrola, Rob?
Do you know what one is?
It's not that old wind-up radio.
A hand-cranked phonograph.
Yeah, not radio, the record player.
When was the last time you used a mimeograph?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and they think they added it on August 28th and on its Japanese support site they just said we're sorry for the inconvenience the reception of delivery is being addressed now please wait for a while yeah nothing else they just said that we're looking into it don't worry I'll receive this about the same time we decide to release a patch for the Xbox 360 version of Silent Hill HD Collection never
Or the next DDR game.
They're just going to hope everyone forgets about it.
On consoles.
Well, I mean, if it did have a lot of problems.
Well, at the end of the day, how was it selling?
If it was selling decent enough, they'll find a reason to put it back on there.
But if not... Okay, Stan, your friend may have a Victrola, but tell me.
Does he use the Victrola all the time or listens to his iPhone?
It's for the retro kitsch of it, right?
Yeah, it's a kitsch collector's thing.
Of course people like to collect retro stuff.
I would love to have a Victrola.
Mm-hmm.
I still have albums.
I don't have anything to play it on.
I used to have this rockin' bitchin' record player when I was like five years old that I could play Sesame Street records on and it would light up like these really awesome red and green colors in tone with the audio.
I would love to have that shit again.
You know what I had?
An 8-track player.
You know what?
I don't care if I ever have again.
An 8-track player.
I downloaded my favorite song from my Muppets 8-track.
It was Lydia the Tattooed Lady.
Just saying.
Not the Rainbow Connection?
No, it was Lydia the Tattooed Lady.
Someday we'll find it.
This was in 1979.
When did the Muppet movie come out?
The original one?
Yeah.
79 or 80.
I had a Muppet show best of 8-track.
It was yellow and I remember how many times I had to fish the damn tape out of the 8-track player and fix it.
Let's see, the Muppet movie was 1979.
So it was right around the same time.
There you go.
Unfortunately, see, I would have been one year old when this movie came out.
But I remember when I was a kid, the big deal was Sesame Street, Follow That Bird.
And that scarring scene of the blue big bird in the cage.
I know, that was awful.
Oh my God, just kill me as a child.
And then Return to Oz.
There was a lot of fucked up movies.
Return to Oz was great.
There was a lot of fucked up movies for kids in the 80s.
Well, it was closer to the books anyway, but yeah.
Oh yes, gaming news.
Hi, Loki.
Well, you know, he did start off as a blue bird.
It was still... An homage.
He was sad and it was hard to see.
Let's talk about TV.
There's a series of games that were out on the PSP called Invisibles.
Well, now it's supposed to be coming out on the Vita.
They're going to get a new game, apparently, and it's going to be tied into a TV show or a cartoon show that's going to be coming out.
It's going to have a section of the show that's augmented reality where basically you'll take your Vita, point it at the screen, and something fancy will happen, unlocking new content in your game.
Cool.
I'm guessing that it's probably going to be some sort of AR code or QR code or something like that.
Is that going to be like those old VHS tapes they used to sell where you'd have a little spaceship that interacted with the thing on TV and all it was doing, it was kind of like a light gun type technology.
It just could see what was on the screen and light does its little things accordingly.
Like, and you think you're interacting with the movie, but you're really not.
Action Max Action Max
Thanks for watching!
My cat used to sit on top of my Nintendo.
Have you tried the iPad game?
Because it was warm.
I haven't because I'm freaked out about the scratching thing.
They can't scratch a screen.
Everybody says that, but I don't believe it.
Cut their claws.
No.
Why?
I cut Shermie's.
No, that's like cutting their little claws.
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, well, you just have to do it anyways, because, you know.
But anyways, yeah, so if you're afraid of them scratching the screen, just cut their claws.
Really, their claws aren't sharp enough to scratch glass.
I mean, my cat used to paw at the TV, like my LCD TV all the time, and if that thing's not scratched up already by them, then it's no big deal.
I like what Infinel says in the chatroom.
Put little gloves on their paws.
Kitten mittens!
Is your cat being too loud?
You should get the little cat claw cappers that look like nail polish.
Those things are awful.
Again, not my cats, not my decision to make.
Shermie would probably just take a big shit on the rug if I did that to her.
Speaking of It's Always Sunny, my wife gave me the It's Always Sunny board game for my birthday.
Really?
Yes, I have no idea when I'll ever play that, but it's cool.
My Struggles With Cats goes back to my weekend.
Oh, that's the freaking... Play it, play it, play it.
No, that's not the actual commercial.
That's the promo for the episode.
I think it's this one.
My Struggles... No.
Not that one.
Rob keeps clicking the same link.
Great radio.
Great radio.
I saw it, I saw it.
and Cat Enthusiast.
Is your cat making too much noise all the time?
Is your cat constantly stomping around, driving you crazy?
Is your cat clawing at your furnitures?
Think there's no answer?
You're so stupid.
There is.
Kitten Mittens.
Finally, there's an elegant, comfortable mitten for cats!
I couldn't hear anything.
Is your cat one-legged?
Is your cat fat, skinny, or an in-between?
That doesn't matter, because one size fits all.
Kitten Mittens.
You'll be smitten.
So come on down to Patty's Pub.
We're the home of the original Kitten Mittens.
Meow.
What the hell was that?
That's awesome.
An amazing fucking television show, which is why you should watch your TV once in a while because that show is fucking hilarious.
And order a dick towel.
The official dick towel.
Okay.
Shermie would just shit.
That's all she'd do.
My favorite is when the cat's walking across the table.
I surely PETA called in on that because I was borderline inhumane.
All right.
Serious Face.
Back to gaming news.
Oh yes, it's my turn, hey.
Final Fantasy!
There is no transition.
You know, if you have a lot of money and you've bought a lot of kitten mittens, maybe have some more disposable income, say $450, you could get the Final Fantasy Ultimate Compilation.
It's coming out in Japan.
Every game in the series up through Final Fantasy 13 in the Ultimate Compilation.
Does it have 11?
Yeah.
It even has 11.
Does it have 14?
The Vanadil Collection.
No, it does not.
Does it have Mystic Quest?
Because 14 didn't happen.
Does it have all of the four items?
Will you shut up and let me talk about it?
Just the numbered ones.
Does it have Dirge of Cerberus?
Now I know how you felt when Dan kept interrupting you during the Classic Game of the Week.
Hey, Rob.
What?
What?
I can't.
Final Fantasy 1-13, no 10-2s, no 13-2s PlayStation 1 versions of 1 and 2
The PSP version of Final Fantasy 3, because they're not going to bother to port it somewhere new, sorry.
PlayStation 1 versions of 4, 5, and 6.
PlayStation 1 version of 7, 8, and 9.
PlayStation 2 version of 10, as well as 11, and 12, and PlayStation 13 on the PlayStation 3.
Are they even running the servers for the PlayStation 2 version of Final Fantasy 11 still?
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Wait a second here.
But the problem is, though, you're going to need to have an old-style PlayStation 2 for that to work.
I don't see a hard drive attached there, too.
I know, it is kind of a little bit like, won't work, but whatever.
Why couldn't they just put a PC version?
If you have an old-ass PlayStation 3 with backwards compatibility, I believe there's a way to do it.
That would be us.
I think they patched it in at one point.
Anyway, 35,000 yen.
That's about $450.
There will also be a commemorative DVD, an art collection, and a two-disc soundtrack because there have not been enough Final Fantasy soundtracks released in Japan.
There just haven't.
There needs to be another.
There it is, Final Fantasy Ultimate Collection.
Something I probably won't be buying.
Just because I have all the ones I want already.
I don't have $450, but if I had $450, I'd like pay to go to DragonCon.
And who really needs the PS2 version of Final Fantasy XI at this point?
I mean, come on, seriously.
Get the Xbox 360 version.
Seriously, if you're going to buy a console version right now, the 360 version is probably the way to go.
But PC is pretty good.
Alright, anyhow.
Mailbag.
Oh my god, we haven't even done the mailbag yet.
It's 8.30, we haven't even done the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us emails every week.
There's the mailbag music.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
DarkSakura dives in, picks your favorites, reads them now.
This comes from Sam.
Hi, Sam.
Hello, OLR crew.
I probably love the show.
This was a message sent.
I might love the show.
Do any of you think the Wii U will become the lead platform for development since it will be released before the next PlayStation and Xbox?
No.
No.
No, not at all.
Look at what's happening now.
let's look to the Dreamcast possibly on a couple games maybe if there's going to be some stuff that's coming out during that time I can see them having slightly better looking games but maybe I don't know if they're going to necessarily be developing for Wii U first and then porting over it's hard to say it depends on when the next platforms are coming out I mean everyone assumes that's going to be the end of next year but it could be in a couple years in which case yeah you may have a few games that are like that
I am dying to see if there is going to be a game that is Wii U and PS3, PS Vita.
Because it could happen.
I'm dying to see if that happens.
A third party could do it.
Or Xbox 360 and tablet.
Oh yeah, that whole thingy thing they said at E3.
Yeah, smart glass.
We haven't heard anything on in a while.
That's true.
They should call it smart ass.
Okay, next email.
This comes from...
I was playing Rock Band Blitz the night it came out on Xbox Live Arcade and up popped Green Skies playing Rock Band Blitz.
I was thinking that would be a great name to play with someone but there's no multiplayer.
I just remembered the game I forgot to review.
then I saw then I saw score war mode and I thought surely you'll be able to pick from your friends list nope it just matches you up with any random guy 64 so no friends list competition either it's just the leaderboards like many games before it the game is meant for a social gaming crowd but it isolates you from your friends fantastic
I think Robbo found this because after he sent the email because he sent me challenges through the Facebook app that's the interesting thing about Rock Band Blitz is there's a lot of enhanced things that are through Facebook which is good and it's bad and I'll leave it at that I need to talk more about Rock Band Blitz at the top I knew I was fucking forgetting something this week and I was just thrown off by all the other stuff we had at the top of the show I will talk Rock Band Blitz next week I have played an awful lot of it the short answer it's good
Bless them at Harmonix.
They're standing by their guns.
I just think there's some mistakes they made.
Some?
No, I mean, to be fair, they make a lot of great games.
And I do like Rock Band Blitz.
But I kind of don't agree with one of the things they tried to do.
But bless them for trying and sticking to it.
That's all I'll say for now.
Okay.
This last email is from Nasty Canesta.
Okay.
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, Bobby Grumpwolf.
Well, Mr. Blackwolf, here is my response.
I left in the email a Steam code for Depths of Peril, an action RPG with some strategy elements and random level generation.
I'll leave it to the OLR crew to come up with a way to give this code away to a lucky listener.
Also, have fun dealing with the brony fandom once again at the next DragonCon, Mr. Blackwolf.
In addition, if DarkSakuraSky or Loki is interested, I have one copy of Hybrid RTS FPS Nuclear Dawn to gift on Steam.
After you three fight to the death, Dance Battle, or whatever it is you three do to decide on things, please add me on Steam to get the game.
I apologize for not having a code.
The Nuclear Dawn developers decided on gifting the option for those who have purchased the game as part of a promotion.
I promise to keep things discreet and platonic.
No homo, maybe.
Maybe a little.
All right.
We'll make this very simple.
Email us, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Tell us you want the code.
What's it for again?
Thank you, by the way, for the code.
For Depths of Peril.
Depths of Peril.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com and we'll give it away to one lucky listener.
There you go.
Okay.
But that's just for not the live listeners.
That was for podcast listeners.
well you're not going to know if they're one or the other so it really ends up being for everybody okay how about this you can't email we won't take the emails until after the podcast airs oh well duh yeah yeah absolutely Black Wolf says and there are furries and bronies all over Dragon Con Tara Strong was a guest I barely saw them meaning they were all up on Tara lastly for Loki did you know there's an official sequel to Chip's Challenge called Chuck's Challenge 3D
Yeah, but the problem is I don't really care too much about Chips Challenge.
I mean, I cared about it back in the 90s, but now it's just like, eh, don't care.
Okay, so you said there was a Kickstarter project that was recently funded in April, and it's on Steam Greenlight.
Cool.
It's just, yeah.
You know what one I wish I did get in on?
It was GunCraft.
Apparently it's a knockoff of Minecraft, but with guns and stuff.
That would have been pretty cool.
That does sound kind of neat.
Okay.
That's it for emails?
Yep.
All right.
We'll get to Twitter in a minute, so your last chance to get the tweets in, twitter.com.
But first, it's time to get a little bit angsty in a segment we call FU.
um fuck this bad headache I've had for the last two days I want it to go away I want my neck to stop hurting and I want my whatever it is in my butt that's hurting and no it's not like that it's one of the muscles around my left hip has been really killing me I would like for it to stop done um I feel for no one being on when I'm on Minecraft all the time like I'm on a lot and there's no one there
This is the first week you've been able to mention it on the podcast.
Well, that's true, yeah.
I mean, literally, I started it.
And a few myself for accidentally kicking Bobby off the server a few times back.
You did it on purpose.
I was just getting... Revenge is yours.
I figured out how to... Take that, Bobby Grumple.
I just figured out how to finally do things on the server.
I mean, I've never run a Minecraft server before, so it's a little tricky.
But now I figured it out.
Ignorance is no excuse, Rah.
And just for that, Enderman will be spawning in my house later tonight.
I can make a lot of them.
No, no, I don't want that.
They're actually really easy to kill.
And they're afraid of water.
Alright.
Look.
Oh, so it's like signs.
Yep.
Water damages them.
Alright.
My FU.
I also give an FU to Headaches because I've been getting some killer ones lately and it's no fun.
F you to kind of like stress, because I've taken on a lot of projects, and it's going to keep me very busy over the next month.
It's already keeping me busy, and I'm starting to feel the pressures of a lot of that stress.
I would have done it if I didn't want to, but kind of just F you to the fact that I haven't been hanging out enough with people I don't see enough, basically.
So because I'm taking a lot on, it's a good thing, because it's allowing me to hang out with people I haven't seen enough.
FU to their not being 48 hours in a day, basically.
And FU to needing sleep, although sleep feels so good.
Dan, do you have any FUs you wanna give?
He's busy playing Game Boy Advance.
He's lying out on the floor like a kid playing the Advance.
It is kind of funny.
You gotta admit that.
Alright.
My husband is adorable.
I didn't go that far, but all right.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, Loki.
There's a little bit more information coming out now about the whole Stardock lawsuit.
I think we talked about it a couple weeks ago where Stardock was accusing one of their employees who recently left the company of ruining a game because they claimed that she deleted stuff for it, and because of that,
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Before the whole, you know, leaving the company thing, seeking, I guess, was it $25,000 in damage or something?
I'm sorry, unspecified damages in excess of $25,000.
And she, you know, had filed complaints with the EEOC and, you know, claiming basically that the, you know...
Head of the company had done a lot of lewd things including, you know, linking to a sexually explicit YouTube video, making comments like, you know, oh, you're not chosen to go to some place because you're not, just because you're hot or, you know, asking her to take a purity test question thing that had, you know, sexual taboo questions and stuff on there.
Stuff that's no one else's business then?
You know, have you engaged in group sex?
I'd like to know that, you know, because I think I've, you know...
Wow.
Wow.
But like any court case or anything, there's people on both sides and her people or whatever made all those comments that she, of course, sent him a message basically saying, okay, I don't want you to touch me or any parts of my body, not even jokingly.
I don't want you to make comments about my boyfriend or future husband or anything like that.
I don't want you to make sexually charged jokes.
which is an email that shouldn't have to be sent let's remind ourselves that email should not have had to have been sent praise this girl for having the amazing self-restraint to be professional at this point about it
Despite whatever other allegations are out there, fucking A. But apparently, he responded though to this email saying, you know, I don't recall item one, but I'll certainly endeavor to be extra careful.
I understand number two, but I'll be more conscious.
3.
I am an inappropriate, sexist, vulgar, and embarrassing person.
I am not inclined to change my behavior.
If this is a problem for you, you need to find another job.
4.
I am not willing to adapt my behavior to suit others.
If you find my behavior problematic, I recommend finding another job.
I am not some manager or co-worker of yours.
I own the company.
It and your job here exists to suit my purpose, not vice versa.
The company is not an end unto itself and is a means to an end on which to further the objective of its shareholders, in this case, me.
Yeah, but there's still laws.
If you're going to operate a company that you have employees at, that's a law.
You can't get around that.
Even if you're a disgusting shithole like...
Sorry, I take it a little, you know, I mean, a man has no excuse to ever act that way to another, to a woman or any human being.
A person has no right to act that way towards another person.
Person, at all.
And then, of course, he responded, you know, the whole thing, basically, to this website, Quarter of Three.
Um...
You know, saying, okay, I'm going to go ahead and respond to this.
The incident happened back in 2010.
Myself, Alexandria, and a few others were at a pub going to the QT3 dinner that Lloyd Case had set up.
and while there, Alexandra got teased and got mad at the time.
I didn't realize she was so upset about it and blah, blah, blah.
Later, she emailed me about the incident and stuff like that.
Basically, he plays it off saying, oh, this stuff didn't happen or wasn't as bad.
Smoke and mirrors.
Smoke and mirrors.
and basically saying this is retaliatory and or the charge that you know basically the whole thing was insinuating that the retaliatory or the alleged retaliatory lawsuit of her ruining their game was because she filed this lawsuit in the first place.
So it's all going to come out.
They're accusing her of deleting all this stuff or whatever, but it doesn't like it's one of those things where like, you know, the old saying, if the shoe fits, wear it or if the shoe, whatever.
My point is her incredible professionalism in that email and lack of restraint.
I mean, praise her for for being able to show that kind of restraint.
doesn't match that of somebody who would go in and delete everything.
You know what I mean?
It's kind of like you got this over here and then this over here.
It doesn't line up.
You know what I mean?
How do we know?
And again, I'm not going to pretend to know dick about this case.
So I'm being a total couch jury right now, which is probably bad, but just throwing it out there.
If that's the environment this person created at this company where it's like you deal with it because it's my company or what have you, how do we know it just wasn't somebody else who deleted it?
Maybe somebody else chose not to take the high road.
Just throwing it out there.
Also, the thing, too, is they're talking about how she knew where the files were and had access to relevant Google Docs.
Why are you using Google Docs?
A lot of businesses use Google Docs.
I've heard of that before.
I use Google Docs for a number of stuff through my school, too.
It seems like you'd have your own intranet or something that you'd do that on.
uh anyhow uh the moral of the story is um people need to like like not do this to other people and i'm talking the whole harassment thing in the first place like and and that kind of bugs me that in the response it's very smoke and mirrors like well there was teasing and da da da but that doesn't give anybody the right to delete whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
There's no excuse for what happened here.
He doesn't even apologize for it.
Now you can argue that I was a jerk in how I responded to her, but it doesn't justify her getting pissed off and quitting without notice and using her network access to wipe out our marketing access.
How dare this person... Oh my god, it's so infuriating.
How dare you try to blame her?
How dare you?
That is...
I'd love to see somebody do it to him
Thank you Fucking psychotic behavior
Well, I don't even know how to
had too many competing sub-series.
Quote, Thanks for the suggestion.
I, and probably I alone, so please don't ascribe said belief to Capcom, think one of the problems Mega Man has had as a brand is that we've had too many competing Splinter sub-brands within it.
I'm not sure starting yet another is the way to get the franchise as a whole back on track, more than creating greater brand confusion, but will take it under advisement.
I think there's a bunch of shit right there because the different series that they have were on different platforms.
They didn't have the other Mega Man games.
It was like you want a Mega Man game on Game Boy Advance, then you're playing Mega Man Power or something or other.
I don't remember what it was.
But it wasn't like, oh, hey, we're going to have Mega Man this and Mega Man that, and they're going to compete against each other.
I don't think they really had that.
It was just...
Didn't the Mega Man creator walk?
Well, yeah, they kind of let him go where he walked.
That never stops people in the industry.
I'm saying, if he was, I mean, he was a big wig.
If he was the one driving Mega Man development, and he's like, okay, I'm out, and everyone else is just like, uh, what the fuck do we do?
Let's just go ahead and put that one away.
I kind of think this points towards there's going to be some big reboot, because that's always the fucking answer to every problem, reboot of the Mega Man franchise in the future.
I bet you anything there's going to be a new Mega Man game that's just Mega Man, and it's a reboot, and there's some new creative person at the helm.
And it's not Grin making it.
yeah it's not it lends itself perfectly to some type of reboot whether that be on the next consoles or you know maybe a 3DS game probably or a Vita game I think there will be a Mega Man reboot just Mega Man speculation rampant whatever fanboy wank call it what you want I just kind of think that's where all the signs point towards especially with that type of rebuttal there's too many franchises so they're going to bring it back to one we'll see
I bet it's a reboot.
Hey, let's go to the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We've had a heck of a show so far tonight.
Let's see what you guys want to talk about.
The Skype line is open.
Again, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm going to get to the tweets here in a moment, but first let me ask Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Or DarkSakura, of course, if you have anything you want to throw out as well.
No, I'm still in the middle of being disgusted.
There's some stupid stories, you've probably heard all these before, where, you know, some teenager drives cross-country to meet her boyfriend.
So, this girl, Beth Robinson, who was 13, met somebody on Xbox Live who was 12, actually 12, not necessarily a 40-year-old pretending to be 12.
and he lived in Houston and she lives in Kentucky and I guess she ended up chatting with him and then eventually stole her brother's car, her mother's ATM card and then drove to his house.
And I guess she got as far as Nashville, Tennessee before being stopped by police.
And of course, we must blame Xbox Live for this, not because her parents are retarded or she's stupid for
I have a belated FU to everyone taking a crap on Mass Effect Paragon Lost I'm sorry it looks good and I'm gonna watch the hell out of it so shut up I'll reserve judgment until the first ep's out but I'm not gonna hate on it just cause it's Vega Vega was pretty cool he's like the bro of the ship shall I do some tweets?
he's totally getting on with Cortez
Again, 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
DarkTetsuya tweets this and says, How might one acquire episode 169 from the Encore last week?
I thought y'all would be recording it.
But since you asked nicely, DarkTetsuya, talk to me offline and we'll talk.
Let's see, another tweet from Salacious Pop I know who that is Who tweets something I forgot to mention earlier on the show But it is definitely important, it's going on Rest in peace, City of Heroes That's right, Paragon Studios is closing Taking City of Heroes with it, it will be shut down by the end of the year And they got blindsided, they did not know it was coming Because one day there's a post about Oh, here's all the cool stuff coming at the end of the year And then the next day it's like, bye
No firm date yet sent for the closure, but that's kind of a bummer.
I know Alan played a lot of City of Heroes.
He was into that game.
I did not really get into it, but I saw it, and it looked good.
I guess maybe because I didn't play it is part of the reason it's closing.
I don't know.
There's a lot of people like me.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Sounds Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, Zaku.
Long time no talk.
What's up, buddy?
Nothing much, just chilling on this sleepy Sunday.
Yeah, what's on your mind?
Just finishing off a little bit of Skyrim.
Not finishing the game, but just finish playing.
You can never finish Skyrim.
That's pretty much the story of my life.
One does not simply take an arrow to the knee.
Yeah, that whole thing.
I'm looking right now through Kotaku for a particular PAX incident that happened recently in one of the Minecraft party where basically this, apparently this pervert
Exposed himself, and more importantly, actually took the hand of a female and actually placed it on his junk.
I don't know if you heard this.
This is like a big deal for the past couple of days that I was catching up on.
Hold on, hold on.
I didn't hear what he said.
I know.
I'm going to say, before I let him finish the story, if that last thing made you mad, this will set you on fire.
This is so fucked up, this story.
Go ahead, Zaku.
Go ahead and tell us.
I got it.
I got the link.
This is bad.
Okay.
Let me see.
It was in Mojang, obviously, for Minecraft.
And this vlogger...
Who happens to have a boyfriend in the video game industry, long story short.
She was in the VIP section when a guy right there, she was just minding her own business.
And all of a sudden, a guy started off showing her pictures of...
You know, of chicks, of girls they actually took, you know, of their breasts.
Like, he actually, this guy actually took pictures of women's breasts throughout the party.
So, I mean, at first it was a bit creepy, but then it got, then he really ratcheted up when he basically exposed his penis and he grabbed her hand and placed it in his, right there, in his crotch.
The Penis Exposed
The police, your security Okay, I'm going to stop you there I'm going to stop you there Because there's a little bit of the telephone game going on here If you go to the source and read the original story Because this is the part that infuriated me She went to the security at the club And she told her friends about what was going on Because you can read this at the source She talked to the security guards And the security guards, the answer was basically like Well, what are we supposed to do about it?
Throw the fucker in jail That's what you're supposed to do
The problem is, at the end of the day, this really doesn't have anything to do with video games or what have you.
Except for the fact that it's giving us all a bad name.
It gives male gamers like myself a bad rep.
I have a girlfriend of mine.
She's an awesome gamer.
Just as hardcore as I am.
But the bottom line is that
Thank you for watching!
See, and this is just what I have to say this because I'm thinking back to my, before I hurt my ankle, I used to take a couple different styles of martial arts.
First thing that we learned is that if a guy exposes himself, you punch him in the dick.
Seriously.
That would be assault.
I don't condone that.
If it's somebody putting you in a situation, because technically he grabbed her, that could be assault.
Let us all agree.
If you grab somebody...
Without, I mean, batteries, like, if you, like, hurt them and they don't, you know, if you touch them without necessarily hurting them, that is battery.
He touched her first.
This?
Yeah, and it's sexual battery if it... Here's the deal.
You guys are going into this crazy what if, whatever, because obviously in the moment... But part of the problem is that the police couldn't do anything.
In the moment, she didn't know... If the security guards called the cops, then it would be her word against his.
And trying to sort out that mess, unless they have witnesses...
There's no way they can convict him, or at least put him in cuffs.
If there were actual witnesses that can attest to her story, then she could easily press charges.
Otherwise, a cop would just leave.
So they're going to believe him over her.
You're basically saying that they're all sexist and they're going to take his word immediately.
He said, she said, which is... Even when he's got photos of people from the post.
That's right.
He's got photos on his phone.
Don't tell me there's not going to be cameras at the club that could see what's going on.
Exactly.
But the incident, it's at the heart of the matter where...
He basically grabbed her hand into his crotch.
Unless you have someone actually seeing that, then you can't, then the cops can't really do anything.
But there is other evidence.
Phone for stuff that is just like circumstantial at best.
That doesn't mean you ignore it.
You have to.
I understand.
It was totally wrong what the security guard did.
You're not going to convince me otherwise.
If he did it to her, that's likely not the first time he's done this.
Probably in the same night.
That's a huge problem.
They would separate everybody and question all the witnesses.
Everybody in that room would be questioned if it became a big enough deal.
I'm not talking about security guards, I'm saying if police were called in.
That's legal procedure.
So basically you're saying it would be, it's acceptable.
So why are you defending them?
I'm not trying to defend them.
I'm just saying that given the circumstances that it's really hard.
It's kind of like a no-win scenario.
You either call the police and see whether or not they're able to have enough grounds to arrest him on that particular charge.
Or you do nothing and you basically get chided for inaction.
It's damned if you do, damned if you don't.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, of course.
No doubt.
I mean, but there was not that much he could have done.
He could have called the cops.
No, it's the victim's responsibility if she wants to get the police to call the police.
The security guard is there to maintain the security in the club.
He's not there to enforce the law.
That is true.
He's private.
He's not a peace officer or any sworn officer.
He can only ask them to leave, and if he assaults,
If the patron in question assaults the security guard, then yeah, he has a right to defend himself.
Other than that, he can't really physically detain them.
You can only ask them to leave, and only after that point, if they resist, and they start being aggressive, then the guard has like...
has the right to defend himself.
The security guard is not a cop.
I'm going to let you go so we can get some other calls.
Thank you very much for calling in and sharing this unfortunate story with us.
Take care.
I just... I don't know.
What does it say about our culture?
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
I don't think, I mean, there's so many people that I just, how much of the, can we all agree, how much of this fault is hers?
Zero.
None.
Zero.
People, you don't, the behavior has to be addressed.
The guy's a sociopath.
I just,
It's something that went back and said in the chat room.
It's like, you know, we have this environment here where they're telling women, oh, well, don't dress provocatively.
You could get raped.
Or, you know, I don't care if you are out jogging by yourself.
You could get raped.
It shouldn't be don't get raped.
It should be don't rape.
Don't assault.
To Zaku's credit, and in the interest of fairness, I get where he's going kind of down this line of, you know, well, in this country you're innocent until proven guilty and da-da-da-da-da.
But all I'm saying is that an investigation needed to be done.
An investigation needed to be done.
And I do think it's on the onus of the club and, you know, the people that knew about it to make sure that investigation takes place.
It kind of sucks that this trial is all happening now on the internet.
The job of the security guard is to protect the interest of the club.
Protecting the interest of the club also includes protecting the safety of those who are there.
Yeah, you're right.
And protecting the interest of the club.
Because if I were a game company or whatever, if I was Mojang, I sure as hell wouldn't be using this club for any future event after this story.
Or nor would anybody.
And if I was the owner of the club, I would have basically ended my contract with that security firm and gotten one with a better reputation.
Sigh.
The victim does need to contact the authorities.
That's what Dan just said.
I hope the internet has made her feel like she can do that.
I don't know what else to say.
One thing that I think men need to understand is that we still live in an environment where women are basically still treated as second class citizens.
Dan's saying that's bullshit, but it happens.
It's happened to me.
You don't get it because you're a guy.
And just because you see it in the pornos where a woman catches sight of a penis and all of a sudden wants to fuck that penis, that doesn't happen in reality.
Guys, don't see it.
If you look at yourself as someone who's going to be treated second class and you allow yourself to be treated second class... It happens whether you think it's going to happen or not.
You believe that it's happening.
That's why you feel like it's happening.
No, that's exactly the problem.
Let's cut this shit off.
We'll talk about this later.
What was that last story we just talked about then?
It's happening.
What was that last story in the game industry?
It could.
I'm not even saying woman, man.
I'm saying person, person.
A person has... I said that in the last story too.
What if it was a guy?
A guy whips it out from another guy.
Same story.
I would say the exact same thing.
Or a woman doing it to another woman.
It's inappropriate.
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely still inappropriate.
Just because somebody doesn't tell doesn't mean there wasn't a crime.
No one can hear what you're saying.
Hold on.
That's not the point.
The point is she needs to stand up for herself.
That's how the citrus is going to get fixed.
That's how the slime ball is going to get his fucking comeuppance.
If he victimizes somebody and that victim steps up and fucking puts him down.
There is a degree of having to choose not to be a victim.
Which I don't understand why anyone would choose to keep a victim's mentality.
I don't think it's a choice.
But you have to be able to go ahead and say, look, this happened to me.
I accepted this happened to me.
And this is the action I'm going to take to rectify that.
And also pointing and laughing at his penis would have been funny too.
Because that would have probably got him to leave pretty quick.
He'd be like, tiny penis, tiny penis.
But again, hindsight is 20, hindsight is 20-20.
If you're the, hindsight is 20-20.
You know, it's easy to sit here and say, I would have done this.
Someone should have done this.
I mean, it's easy to sit here and do that.
But when it's happening to you in that moment, you don't have that luxury.
And that doesn't make what she did wrong by any means.
And we need to have a society that still protects people from having this happen to them.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Do we have a gaming story?
Let me go to Twitter because the tweets were sent in a long time ago so we might have some gaming tweets.
Although I do have to say in my defense one of the first moves I learned in karate was how to squeeze a guy's balls painfully.
Just saying.
Moving on.
Ossifer on Twitter with Mass Effect content.
That's always a good thing to help bring us back to OLR.
Ossifer says, just started Final Fantasy 13 too.
And yeah, Final Fantasy 13 too.
And I freaked out a little when I saw DLC for N7 armor for the main characters.
That's true.
There was some really awesome DLC in Final Fantasy XIII too that incorporated the games.
Wasn't there Assassin's Creed DLC as well?
I think so.
Let's see.
Other tweets.
A couple from Tigerclaw.
Bethesda currently has no plans for Wii U. According to an article on GameSpot that Tigerclaw has linked us to on Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
It's not loading for me right now, but I do remember reading something similar to this earlier in the week that basically right now Bethesda's got nothing in the pipeline for Wii U.
I don't think that necessarily means... I don't think they really have anything in the pipeline beyond... I don't know, they just released... Surely there's something, we just don't know about it.
I mean, there's something being done, but nothing that they've announced.
Any future titles that Bethesda's really announced that have yet to come out.
I mean, they have Dishonored coming out, but that's pretty much it.
I guess if you count ZeniMax releasing the Doom 3 BFG edition...
but aside from stuff beyond 2012 there really isn't anything that's been announced yet so yeah I guess that's a true statement
Alright, another tweet from TigerClaw about Double Fine.
Double Fine turns an iOS slip-up into an accidental beta test.
He links us to a clip on Gamasutra about... This is not the big Kickstarter thing.
It's a free-to-play superhero management game called Middle Manager of Justice.
Okay, you have to admit that's kind of funny.
It's a mobile title coming from Double Fine, obviously, because it's on iOS.
Here's the thing.
The game was not supposed to be out for several weeks...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Once we submitted the game, we realized we had a lot of things we still needed to tweak and fix, but at the same time, we didn't want to remove it from the submission process in case Apple catches other things we need to take care of, and we didn't want to do a double submission.
At least they're trying to make lemonade out of lemons on getting the stuff released early.
That's it for Twitter tonight.
One last call for calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Although I can't fault people for not wanting to follow that last topic of discussion.
Obviously, there's been a lot of debate on a lot of topics tonight.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is a great place.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
We don't want it just to be the four of us in the studio and those of you in the chat room and so forth.
We want everybody to be able to have their say.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you would like to get your two cents in.
Of course, there's always Facebook and Twitter as well, Google Plus and what have you.
Skype line ain't lighting up.
I guess that means I'm going to go ahead and close it.
We'll try again next week.
In the meantime, I guess that does it for the show tonight.
We did all last-minute stories or do we have any more, Loki?
Not really anything.
I mean...
This week will be interesting.
Yeah, this coming week is going to be very interesting between the iPhone 5 and the... A possible iPad mini or... I don't know if we'll see that, but before the holidays.
What do you think of the new Kindles that they have coming out?
Any of those look interesting?
I didn't really read up on them enough because we already have a Kindle.
I'm not really in the market for a new one.
The only one that sounded interesting was... I'm not in the market for a tablet at all, but I like how they're doing their data plan.
It's the Kindle Fire HD, the one that has a 9-inch screen or whatever.
But the 4G one has a $50 a year data plan, 250 megabytes a month data you get with that.
for $50 a year.
That's not bad.
I mean, if you're not using a ton of data, unless you're streaming... For me, I normally wouldn't use that much data, but I do stream Pandora, so I've used up like 600, 700 megabytes this month, but that's like the most I've ever used.
I don't know.
It looked interesting.
But, you know, we'll see with the Google Nexus and stuff being the same, you know, $199.
They did drop the original Kindle Fire down to $160, though, to try to kind of undercut Google a little bit.
But still, you're getting a better spec machine for $199.
Can't you flash those or something?
You can flash any Android system.
Any of those can be jailbroken.
Huh.
Yeah, my wife's Nook's jailbroken.
It's kind of fun.
You can get to do a bunch of shit that it's not supposed to.
Oh, yeah?
Like what?
Well, they don't have the Google Play Store on the Nook, so I added that with an optional bootloader and stuff on there, and so she can do that.
Plus, if she wanted to, she could pirate apps for it.
I didn't do that, but it mainly was for the other app store.
So I'm like, okay, so you can get other apps.
She's like, I don't want to get other apps.
Fine, I did that all for nothing then.
Yeah.
All right, I guess that's it for... Someone call, please.
No, I shut the skyline.
It's done.
Oh, dang it.
I want something happy.
Well, we're after 9 o'clock.
Dan's going to take me to Pinkberry.
That's a happy subject.
Pinkberry's always a good thing.
I was very sad, though, they did not respond to our tweet from Pinkberry last week.
I know.
When we didn't have a show, you and I went there.
We celebrated the show by going shopping for candles in the mall at Yankee Candle, and then went to Pinkberry, and it was wonderful.
And Dan had made some type of comment like, oh, even when you guys aren't supposed to be hanging out, you're hanging out...
Yep.
Well, he didn't call, so I gotta put this out there.
Don't know if he's listening, but if he is, Ranma, stay black.
I think he just joined us not that long ago so there you go I was just talking to him in private message so about private things I know right alright anyhow we're gonna wrap up the show Dan thank you very much for being here tonight and bringing your always controversial opinions I mean that in a great way to the program and best of all the fights we all love it and keep on blasting keep on blasting Dan do you have any last words for our listeners tonight final thoughts stay black everyone will do
DarkSakura, you're his wife.
Why don't you go next?
Your final thought tonight.
Fuck bitches.
I'm kidding.
Yeah.
Because dudes can be bitches too.
You know what?
Sociopaths need to be locked up.
End of story.
My final thought is I want to thank Alan for getting me Clue on Blu-ray because it's about time I have such an amazing movie on Blu-ray.
And if you haven't seen Clue from the 1980s, you're doing yourself a disservice.
They rerun it on TV all the time and it's a cult classic.
1 plus 2 plus 2 plus 1 is?
Please, there are ladies present.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Go play Minecraft.
Join the VOG server
You can basically log in with that.
It's a patched proxy server or something like that that you run the client through.
But it will only connect to what they call cracked servers.
Cracked servers are where they have the mode online toggled to false instead of true.
I have mine on true right now.
However, yesterday when their authentication server went down, I had it toggled to false so I could log in still without having to authenticate it.
Technically, there's some security holes if you leave it to false.
People can spoof stuff, but being that we're a closed-knit group, I could set it to false, but I'm going to stick to the true right now.
All right.
We want to thank you guys, as always, for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio and showing us your support.
We are an indie podcast.
We don't have a giant website or commercial backing or what have you, so all we have is word of mouth.
Please tell people about the show.
And you know what?
Spread the word of other indie podcasts.
You know, at vognetwork.com, there's a lot of great indie podcasts, and there's a lot of great indie podcasts all over the internet.
Help spread the word, guys.
It's all we got.
Hey, Rob.
The podcasting scene won't die unless you guys let it.
We want oral love.
A-U-R-A-L, right?
No.
Oral, with mouth.
Right, all right, whatever.
Spread the love.
That's something I can get behind.
Or in front of.
We'll talk to you guys next week.
Thank you guys for staying up late with us and participating with the show.
We'll see you next time.
Big week next week with the Nintendo Conference.
Be ready for it.
I'm sure Loki's going to have a lot to say.
I'm ready to be underwhelmed.
Is your body ready?
Oh, my body's ready.
What time is it at?
Because I know it's on... Is it in the morning?
In the morning.
I'll be live tweeting all my snarky shit.
I mean, we'll see if this is actually impressive.
Another live blog.
I can't wait.
It's gonna be with, what the hell is this shit?
What the fuck?
What the crap?
We need to talk to Bobby real quick and see if there's a way to incorporate that into VOG Network.
There's all these live streaming software, live blogging software things, but I'm at work at that time, so we'll see.
Excuse me.
Alright, so your body is ready for the press conference.
My body's ready for disappointment.
Seriously.
And the iOS conference as well.
Yes, the iPhone and iPad is gaming, so I'm curious to see what the next thing is.
So we'll see them next week.
Have a good week, everybody.
Are they going to call it the new iPad or the new iPod or the new iPhone?
Because that would be hilarious.
We'll see.
All right.
Lastly, lastly.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Actdeft reminded us.
We didn't even talk about it.
You finally dressed as Tingle.
And we didn't even talk about it on tonight's show because it was like a week ago at this point.
Quickly, tell us about the Tingle thing.
I finally won that contest, the retweet thing.
So she drew me as Tingle.
That's the closest you're going to get.
And they did hit their goal.
So Evilot is going to get their orchestra soundtrack now.
So that's pretty awesome.
Congrats.
But yeah, she's awesome.
Beatrix is awesome.
And she drew a wonderful picture of me.
And my wife said, you should have used that to get a picture of Josh.
I'm like, crap.
But, you know, whatever.
Nah, the one he used is funnier.
You know what?
First of all, how old is your son now?
Two?
Two.
He'll look different.
He wouldn't appreciate it.
We'd appreciate it.
Like for five seconds and then his attention span would go off to something else.
You need to make your Twitter picture or something so we can see it.
Alright.
Have a great week everybody.
We really are closing down shop now.
See you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
