You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the f-word, which is not safe for children.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 3, 2, 1
God damn you, stop calling here! Isn't this 4215 pussy way? You bitch! Now let me take
the zip code! You want to fuck you? You have no morals, darling. I'd also like to add that
I have my father's gun and a scorching case of purpose. Kiss my grass, nuge. Mecha lecha
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Fuck are you?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame.
On the side of my face.
Breathing.
Breath.
Heaving breath.
Heaving whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut while I go listen to my written experience records.
I am your singing telegram.
Somewhere inside the state of California, in the great nation of the United States of America, on the planet Earth, Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned into the Bemani scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things Bemani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me better as Sky.
Typically, I would be saying, joining me as always is my lovely co-host, Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura.
However, unfortunately, she had to make a last-minute cancellation.
So, filling in as co-hosts tonight, say hello to honorary co-host and sym-fan extraordinaire,
Matt, also known as Loki.
Hey, everyone.
And, of course, as always, we're joined by some other in-studio friends.
Actually, we're down to one tonight.
We got Bradley in the house.
Say hello.
Hello, there.
And everybody else is busy this week, apparently, now that school's back in session, although
most of the people on this show are out of high school already, with the exception of
a couple.
still high school but like Brad and Irene they had a visitor coming in from out of
town and Jamie had to go to another event we'll get into all that later
anyway this is episode number 11 for September the 8th of 2002 and we might
get some more guests later there's rumors that some people might show up
later show goes on we'll be talking to everybody a little bit more later but
first gonna take a quick break and any other opening thoughts from the people
in the room no all right fair enough let's get some music we'll be right
back with orange lounge radio live and if you want to join our chat room go to
any other side IRC network server that would be one would be like IRC.eggheads.org
and you can join our chat room at channel pound orange lounge and
that's the only way you're gonna find out about the super secret address of
our webcam tonight we do have a webcam up and running but it's a secret but if
in the chatroom, we'll tell you. So, chew on that!
But now the funk moves the prize if you win it, let it hit me, if you win it, don't doubt, be hittin'
Tell me, who be the crew? Who be the crowd?
Like it's comin' up on J.P. with the J.T.
Vibe from the 80's, you know I reverse like a preacher, babe
I got a brother, a mother, but I be the crew
Better see what J.P. and J.P. be doin' in jail
Like some kind of snake in your J.P.
Got the best of the way speakers
J.P, J.P, J.P, J.P, J.P
Let's get down, down, down
I wanna get down
Oh yeah, it's gettin' down to the mask on
All you gotta do is goScott or
All you gotta do is get down to the mask on
All you gotta do is get down
All you gotta do is get down to the mask on
All you gotta do is get down to the mask on
All you gotta do is get down to the mask on
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
No matter what goes on
Yeah, everyone is just better than us, baby
From the bottom, up and from the camera top
You're cheeky on your teeth and start it up
No matter what, I never thought that
Daddy didn't work, a really smart guy
But daddy's something we all know
T-t-tala lila, T-tala lila
T-t-tala la, T-tala lila
T-t-ta-ta-ta, T-tala lila
Where do these voices speak in our house?
T-t-ta-ta-ta-la lila, T-tala lila
T-t-ta-ta-ta-la, T-tala lila
Let's take the Attention, T-tala lila
Oh, my Crossing is down the Wind
Ochiteku, soki no amari kamori
Tsurikee, tsutabini, kidoku maru
Nekishimata, imatake, sudatefuri shita
Tatta, kidoku de kenara, kenbu, tenpuiramae
Living like I'm lost
For me, I come close,
Even if I
...]
...
don't ever stop, don't ever stop, don't ever quit, quit, quit
don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, ever, ever
be like the ones in theIAA you i'm my friend
you are the best thing ever happened to me
don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, ever, ever
be like the ones in theIAA
Don't ever stop, don't ever quit, don't ever take your love from me
Yes I win, you are my friend, you are the best thing ever happened to me
No one could ever come between you and me baby
Because we know what it's ready to be
Don't ever quit
Don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, ever, ever, ever
I win, I win
Don't ever stop
Don't ever quit
Don't ever give me any love
You are the best You all happen to me
From the Step Squad to DAYZ, this DTR Stocks Speak,
I have no idea what half those little acronyms mean.
Am I just uncool?
I don't know what they mean either.
All right, cool. We'll both be un-cool then.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Big thanks to Step Squad for getting
together and recording that promo for us.
But a big F-you to them too, because it's because of them that Jamie's gone this
week, and I'm sitting here
with a very empty room tonight. Big thank you to Matt and Bradley for
showing up, though.
No, I'm just kidding. Nothing but love for Step Squad. We love all of them and
stuff, Ab. But Jamie is at a Step Squad event today.
She's going to be seeing some friends, I guess, that are coming up from out of town
for some big gathering that are going on. But needless to say, she took the remote kit
and she's getting some interviews, so next week we'll hear from a lot of people throughout
the DDR scene. There's a lot of really great people in Step Squad I'm sure we'll be hearing
from next week, so that'll be cool.
Yes.
All right. So what else? What were we talking about during the break there? During the break
we were kind of talking about songs that have been released for simulators lately, and you've
been looking, you know, now for those that don't know Matt, also known as Loki, he's
He's really big into the simulator.
For those who don't know what a DDR simulator is, dance with intensity, step mania, things
like that.
Things that will emulate DDR on your computer basically, or simulate I should say.
Some people get on my ass for not clarifying the difference between emulate and simulate.
But you know, whatever, it's DDR on your computer basically.
But Loki really big into this, likes to download every single freaking song he can find and
play them all.
What's going on?
Give us a sim scene update, tell us about some stuff you've been looking for recently.
Well, let's see. Recently, especially at my job, I suppose I should be actually doing real work at my job, but instead I exploit their T1 line.
Right on.
And so lately I've been actually searching some of the smaller Japanese sites. You know, the ones that you can't understand a thing that's on them, but you see, you know, song files with BMS stuff.
Anyways, some of the stuff I've actually found recently is actually some 2DX8 style stuff.
That's pretty cool.
Found a whole bunch of remixes for stuff like the Long Train Running Ventura mix.
They actually have a file for that out there.
There's actually tons of files out there.
It's just people don't know where to look.
Now what were you telling me about some things in development that are going on right now?
Because there's a couple really funny ones.
ones.
Okay, there's a, I forget which side I saw it on, but there's some guy that's actually
doing basically like a mix, you know, with a bunch of different songs he's going to be
releasing.
They're all Christian music.
What was the comment there from the little stuffed ferret or whatever the heck this thing
is?
Good idea.
Anyway, so there's going to be a DDR god mix coming out soon, basically.
Yes, exactly.
It's very scary, but...
Jesus Christ, it's DDR!
Hey, well, I've already got that Paranoid Catholic, so there's the start.
What else?
There's also...
Paranoid Catholic?
Yes!
There is a...
There's a Paranoid Catholic...
There's tons of Paranoid mixes out there that we don't even know about.
They're out there.
They have a list on there. If you actually search under Yahoo or something, for Paranoia
and then maybe DDR, they'll actually have a website that you can pull up a list of every
single Paranoia ever made. All the remixes that people have done that are fan-made.
As if you needed more Paranoia.
And they have links to the actual step files, too.
Really?
Where you can download them. So that was kind of cool.
Do you dance little crosses in the Christian mix? Just kind of like up, down, left, right?
No, it's just instead of some of the orchestra hits, you have God, God, God, you know, that
kind of stuff.
like Madonna and like a prayer going God? God? No, not quite, but anyways. Other things,
BimaniRuler, Dave, actually he had a few files, eight more files that he was releasing. There
are some of his older stuff that looked really awesome. He's done some of the Para Para music
by Eurobeat and My Sweet Banana and that kind of stuff. Plus, there's a few other ones that
you can actually get right now. He has Max Enigma which is in Tourney Mix 2. Is that
Max mixed with Enigma music or something?
No, he made it with the key sounds from Max 300 and the 2DX sims.
Actually, I recognize most of it in there.
Most of it is just the key sounds from that and he just made his own mix out of it.
Something similar to what I was going to but got pissed off with it and decided not to.
There's another one he's also released that there's a link on DDR Maniacs in their boards. They've got one for Gravity from, I believe, Sevenstyle.
And let me just say that, you know, people have gotten A's and B's and C's on it and stuff in The Sims, but it's pretty much impossible.
But as Jamie would say, to do that you'd have to be the king of iron fingering.
Well, no, here's the thing. I mean, DDR is DDR. I mean, you play it, you kind of dance to it and stuff on the keyboard, it's cool.
Let's not make DDR 2DX. I mean, this is pretty much what they're doing, is making it like 2DX.
Well, that's how they're making it harder. I mean, how do you make DDR steps harder without getting just more convoluted and more like 2DX-style step-ups?
The freeze arrows are one way of doing it, because the freeze arrows will screw you up on songs like Ordinary World where if you don't spin or do a little trick with your feet, you're not going to hit them all.
Granted, you know, they are hard, but they do go with the music. They go with the music perfectly, so I give them that. That's cool.
I'm still trying to get the other six or so files I'm missing.
I actually have a deal with the webmaster at DDRMania X
and I'm going to send him some anime and he's going to send me a burned copy and a CD with them on there.
But unfortunately there's been some problems with me sending them to him.
I hear we have a lot of fans of the show in the DDRMania X chatroom, so hello!
It's all of you! Love ya! Big kisses.
Yeah, I hear they hate the show.
I'm surprised.
Eh, what can you do?
I mean, I don't even know if they've listened, but whatever.
They hate the show, so, so much for that, you know.
We all hate this show.
Well, see, other than that, sim-wise, I mean, no updates as far as DWI goes.
Step Mania, I heard there's a Beta 6 out there somewhere, but I haven't played it and don't
really care to.
I'm just, I've given up on Step Mania, so.
I like Step Mania, personally, but, you know.
I've given up on it.
I don't really play DDR Sims because I just can't do DDR on my fingers, it doesn't make
sense.
And really, when I'm playing DDR at home, I'll do the official Konami one.
I know you want to ask why the hell would I play that.
That's why I can play with the pirates, argh!
The new DDR pirates!
Yeah.
And for those who didn't hear, the new DDR PC characters, they've been releasing characters
every other week or so.
The most recent characters they released, Elliot and, I forget the name of the other
one, it started with C. I'm sure Chawram will fill me in.
They're pirates.
They're two pirates.
The first one were a couple of nightclubs, the second one were kind of, I don't know,
dressed like cowboys, no the cowboys are the hidden ones in the game.
The other ones they released were kind of like, I don't know, they had a unique style
to them.
on their heads that cover your whole head type thing. Now they've got pirates out.
What I want to know though is when are we going to get pirate music in DDR? I mean when
are we going to have it? What exactly is pirate music? Like the theme from the Pirates of
the Caribbean or something? Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum. Yo ho ho, argh, get off me
pad, matey. Yeah, stuff like that. I don't know. But yeah, sim file stuff, there is tons
of it out there, you just gotta find it. I might, if time permits, one of these days,
just actually link to all these sites that have really cool stuff on them and, you know,
throw that out there, but in the meantime, I'm trying to get the largest collection on
the Internet and one person's beaten me so far, but that'll be, uh, that'll be changed
pretty soon.
You shall see. We shall see about that.
Yes, the official count right now, and this is all the stuff that's actually converted
over in the sim and working right now, is 1,110.
You're a sad, sad man.
but i've got another two hundred the converted
are the chairman's got a good point if a pirate song already in dvd are in the
navy
not really i think jack you know kind of pushing it
seriously some of the i've actually have done a lot more of his music that's in
their something
i mean well so is all of the erotic sounds like literally i have a new
erotic song that's just a copy of an older i saw that an older i saw the
first
couple album was called uh... sex on the phone which is pretty well-known erotic
song outside of the art
they have a new one of the latest album or no i don't think it was late on the
one before it called
tell me on the line
same thing
almost the exact same melody to feel as though i was but it's still like to see
that uh... his uh...
take or was it not take out the ballgame i've got one that's a school's out
uh... which isn't that schools out for summer is is another one and i've also
got one called secret agent man
but it's not
not uh...
I was hoping it was. I was like, oh, that'd be sweet, but no.
Unfortunately not. Bus Stop would probably get a remix of Secret Agent Man.
Oh, very good point. Artist that sounds the same all the time.
Three words. Or four words. Bye bye baby balloon.
Artist that sounds the same all the time.
Yeah. Yeah.
Anyway. Let's go to the F you of the week.
This is the big fuck you of the week that Jamie always likes to do when she's here.
she's here but unfortunately she's not here this week so we have to fill in for
her with our fuck yous of the week and I allowed the chat room to participate
this week they sent me all their various fuck yous over private message and I
haven't even opened them up to read them yet we're just gonna read them live on
air and see see if they're stupid or what if they're valid F yous or if
they're petty things or what have you but since Jamie's out this week we're
gonna fill in for her with the F you the week I'll go ahead and start my fuck you
the week is myself. I am a total lazy asshole because I promised that we would have a new
intro for the show this week and, well, I got kind of lazy. Another stuff came up and
yada, yada, yada. I didn't get that new intro done. So fuck me, I'm an asshole for not finishing
that intro. Sorry. And also for not doing a damn thing on the webpage. That's my bad.
I was hoping to get the webpage fixed up and all prettied and updated a lot because it's
kind of out of date, but I didn't get around to that either, so I'm sorry, and a big fuck
you to me for messing that up. Do you have a fuck you of the week, Matt? Well, I don't
know, because this is in my music, obviously, so... Oh gee, that's better. Let me see. Yeah,
FQ2 the... Now, granted, I love Qzart. I love the Entertainment Zone because it's Qzart
is relatively close. Well, goddamn, they're lazy. I mean, seriously, they're very lazy.
I have never... I used to work at Qsar, so I know how lazy you can be at that job. They
were... Did you used to be the guy that would stand there and read out the rules? Yes, I
was. Oh, I wanted your job so bad when I was out of school. Seriously, okay. Here's what,
here's basically what the job consists of at Qsar. You sit on your ass in the office
talking to the manager while someone's doing a brief. But when your brief comes up, you
You go do the brief, and then you go help people get in the arena. Sit down, watch people play in the arena, make sure everyone gets out of the arena and go back and sit in the office. It's a lot of sitting, that's it.
You don't go out there and arrest players? Oh, well you can, but what's the point? No one really cares anyways.
But, yeah, because they wouldn't order me a pizza, so I had to walk around the corner and do the delicious pizza and go get pizza there. That sucked.
So, big fuck you to Qsar?
Uh, to the Qsar employees.
Alright, fair enough.
I've got a ton of chat room FUs to get to, so I gotta get to the FUs in the chat room.
Uh, if you wanna join our chat room, just join any other side IRC server, like IRC.Akeheads.org, and join Channel Pound Orange Lounge.
And that's the same server that a lot of the big Bomani channels are on, like DDR Freak and 2DX Style, and all those are also on the same server.
that same server. One more. Oh, yes, go on. Sure. And F you to Nickelodeon for canceling
Invader Zim. Again? Well, it's actually gone for good now, I think. It was on this morning.
Well, dammit. They keep changing the time around. F you to them for changing the time
around all the time. I have a big, I have to stop the music, because bless you to TiVo.
Because thanks to TiVo, I just, we just got a TiVo in the house. I can tell it to record
Invader Zim every time it's on, and it will. No matter what time it's on, it'll find when
Invader Zim's on and tape it for me. I love it. I'm sorry, you were saying?
That's pretty much it. F you to them and F you to me for missing the whole thing of Trigger
Happy TV because that shit is awesome. That's it.
Alright. Do you have any F yous of the week, Bradley?
I'll let you have Jamie's music.
Okay, well, I don't know how bad things happen this week, but I think it will fuck you to teeny-buffers that hang around RBGL on our local arcade on Friday nights and sort it into Saturdays.
Boy, we manage to give a big fuck you to them every week on the show, but they deserve it, so go right ahead.
Yeah, they stand around looking stupid and get in the way and look at each other and everything.
Do you hear that? All you ever do is get in the way, you damn kids!
Get off our machine, go away.
Did you notice that it's interesting that this week,
finally, they added a little sign that says,
put your token here if you want to play next.
Because since they got rid of USA, finally,
and they have the fourth plus, now the veterans
are taking over both machines.
So there's no newbie machine for people
to stand in line for and not worry about tokens.
Now you've got the token line on both machines.
And some parents just don't understand
the concept of the token line.
So it had to be explained.
They should have a bat for those type of people.
I got a big orange bat out in the car.
Seriously.
All right, let's get on to the FUs of the week
from the chat room.
And I haven't even read these yet,
so let's see what we've got.
Let's see, Twen gives a big fuck you
to the first mini-competition they had.
Four players, two basic, one trick, one maniac.
He was the maniac.
He got a frigging cata,
and the scoring was based off the triple-A score,
so he got last.
And they got Dynamite Rave hiring Mr. T,
and his cata was Orion78,
and he failed it, so he got one. So he basically got screwed in a tournament, so FU to that tournament the twin participated in.
JB gives a big FU fuck you to the Saints Go Marching on 4th Plus, because he accidentally selected Maniac thinking it was trick somehow and failed it at the arcade.
That's not the machine's fault, dummy.
I have another FU after we're down here, too.
Alright, go ahead with your FU.
Okay, my FU goes to Country Club Plains in their fucking Max machine because it has a fucked up right arrow on the Player 1 side.
So I was playing doubles and I kept failing. I was like, why the hell am I failing?
You know what, I think one of RBGL's on Max 2 on the one player side, I think the left arrow is broken too.
So you just can't win anywhere. Anyway, back to chat room.
Joe Mama says, uh, big fuck you to school.
Yeah, school's back in session. I hope you kids are enjoying it. Fuck you to school.
And, uh, SoCalKicks says, uh,
fuck you to life and its endless amount of questions because
I'm not sure if I want to do CG anymore.
I don't know what CG, I don't know if that means that's what he wanted to do when he got
out of school or what have you. Well, that was kind of deep.
The fuck you to life though.
Dave says he's coming over to the show, that's not a fuck you.
Don't send me those messages.
Black Lab says fuck you to Neil, the CVGL tech guy for fucking up the fourth plus installation by not looking in the box for the flash card he needed.
So you gotta look for all the parts.
Oh, I'm being corrected.
Okay, okay. Computer graphics animation you bastard.
Sorry, Jesus.
DCB says give a big fuck you to non-optical mouses, so he hates mouses with balls. He
prefers the female mouses, little holes with beams of light shooting out of them. That's
all the fuck yous of the week from this chat room. If you have any additional fuck yous,
just send them to me real quick over a private message. I'm in our chat room at Channel Pound
Orange Lounge over on IRC.eggheads.org.
Chat room's liking that, the lights, beams.
Little station updates to take care of.
There are some little housekeeping issues I need to
tell you guys about.
As you know, we rebroadcast this show.
The show we do tonight gets rebroadcast on Monday night at
7 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
And then an old show, a classic show, is rebroadcast at
9 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
And this week, it's going to be the show with the interviews from the Dallarmendy tournament,
that Mountain Mike's tournament that was a few weeks ago.
Those interviews are up in the old show rotation.
That'll be at 9 o'clock on Monday.
However, starting with this last week, we tested it this last week and it's a go.
Starting, we're going to also rebroadcast on Thursdays at 2 o'clock Pacific Standard
Time.
And that's more for the benefit of people on the East Coast or just people overseas
that want to try and catch the show at a different time.
Or are we?
Because we do 7 o'clock tonight, we do 7 o'clock on Mondays, so we'll take a five hours earlier
on Thursdays.
We can listen to it at work.
You can listen to it at work.
Exactly.
You can thieve your line some more.
That's mostly for the benefit for the East Coast people.
I kind of tried to time it so it would come on right when they get home from school on
Thursday.
I'm being questioned on calling things a classic when it only happened three weeks ago for
that show.
Well, yeah okay.
But every episode of Orange Lounge is a classic right?
Right?
Yeah.
Anyway, actually we will probably start the rotation of old shows again either next week
or the week after going all the way back to episode one so the old show rotation will
be like a couple months behind.
So it will really give you a chance to catch up at that point.
We should do one day where we just play every show back to back.
We are going to do the marathon, I just don't know when yet.
Probably in the next couple weeks, like maybe weekend after next, something like that.
it's gonna happen. I just gotta get the timing of it all worked out. But we will do back-to-back-to-back
episodes, so if you... It's gonna be like MTV re-running
Real World or Sorority Life. You can just catch everything that's happened in one day.
You don't even have to listen every night, but we'd like it if you do.
Speaking of which, have you seen the previews for Real World?
Was it Las Vegas? No, I don't watch crap.
Yeah. No, I'm just kidding. I used to watch the Real World, but I think the last one I
watched was
The one, it was Seattle, because you had the guy that bitch slapped the girl as she got
in the car.
That's the last real world I saw.
Let me just put it this way, they're getting really desperate.
I think every single person on there, their parents either died, got divorced, are druggies,
are gay, one or the other, they're all like that, and they're all messed up, and they're
all like horny and having sex with each other.
Well that's ratings!
That's it, but it's not real at all, it's just like, let's get this big bunch of dysfunctional
people, throw them together in a little closet and hope that everything works out.
The one show I have been watching is Big Brother 3. I don't know why. I somehow just get gravitated
to this. You've got a lot of real fucked up people in that house too, but sometimes it's
like you enjoy watching things get set on fire. You like when things go bad and horribly
wrong on tv so
is another big f you've heard
you know the weekend actually for everything
is that you
is going to reality tv i hate reality tv is
section
except how is it an option because it's not really real it's not real at all it's
like retarded i mean
all these shows like okay survivor maybe that was an original idea all now
Now everyone is trying to copy Survivor.
I don't care what happens to these people.
I hope they all die.
I'm just waiting for Jetplane to come overhead and crash down into them.
You don't want to go on one of these shows to win a million dollars?
I'd go on the show.
What do you think, what do you think if they really, now remember there's a rumor a couple
months back, I don't know how, the truth behind it, but that they were going to do a game
show out of DDR.
What do you think about, a reality show based around, because you could consider a game
show a reality show, a reality show based on DDR, what do you think?
Yeah, that's about as good as the DDR movie.
And while we're at it, let's have a DDR sitcom. It's a whole comedy set around DDR.
I have to introduce Dave. Dave's in the house now, so big hello to Dave, who of course, five seconds into him getting here, he wants to say something, so let's...
Well, first I was going to say what happened during the show, because I wasn't here.
And then...
It's not our fault.
Well, I was just, you know, like, five second recap, what happened?
We talked about stuff.
Let's see, Loki bitched about DDR Sims, Loki bitched about QZR, Loki bitched about reality TV shows, and...
Sky bitched about Loki.
Yes, Sky bitched about Loki.
That's about it.
When did people start talking about themselves in the third person? When did that start happening?
I don't know.
Okay.
Just now, it's the cool thing to do.
Okay, well Dave was wondering, about this DDR reality show, how would that work?
It's like, go to Survivor, uh-oh, the challenge, unless you get knocked off, you have to full-combo this catastrophic harm.
I don't know what they would do.
All I heard about you talking earlier was Paranoia, God Mix, or something.
Dance for immunity and throw people off the machines.
I'm going to knock 20 Bamani freaks in the arcade in the middle of the night and, I don't know, throw things at them.
Disney rave mad ownage stuff. Cool.
Yes. Do you have any FUs of the week, Dave?
FU people who play Soul Calibur are against me because you're taking down my character.
Oh, I played Soulcalibur II for the first time, for the first time yesterday, and I
don't know how to play Soulcalibur at all.
I just kind of butt-mash, and I started on the Conquest, and I beat everybody.
I was so happy.
I joined the green people, and I whooped on the red people, and the funny thing is, is
that Will Slinky, if you're listening, we all picked his character to fight, because
we wanted to pick on him, because we found him.
Did you fight my character, because I was also in the red arm?
I don't remember.
I don't think so.
a lot of noobs and then Will was last and both me and Glen kicked his ass so we had
fun.
Yeah.
Conquest mode is the best because you fight people who are basically the same level so
if you join in with a new character you'll basically fight all the easiest guys in that
army but once you get the good people you'll start fighting people.
Ah, I see.
Well, I have to say, my Ivy, she rules.
Ivy is the bomb.
So.
Isn't this a DDR show and we're here just talking about Soul Calibur?
Oh well.
I know a lot of the people that play DDR also and other games.
you don't have to restrict yourself to just the music games
i got to play more dance maniacs this weekend
oh really how was that i love that game
what is it about dancing actually enjoyed it's just it's i don't know it's
you think there's a lot of possibility for freestyle and i did not realize
because actually i watched uh...
mister wendell and this other guy uh... doing freestyle in there and
quite amazing it's just fun i don't know what it is
It's like, why do people play popin' music?
I think people play popin' music for the big, round buttons.
Otherwise, they don't play DDS.
Popin' music's pretty rad.
It's just, I don't know.
It's like, why are you drawn to play DDR for the first time?
Ooh, big flashing lights.
You go to play popin' music because, ooh, big buttons I
can push.
You know, I don't know.
That's what I liked about it.
Yeah, and about the maniacs.
You have to hit, like, four at once.
You have to hit them with your forearm.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
OK, anyway, back to Dave's topic.
About the Dance Maniacs, I really do not find that appealing at all.
Well, gee, why not?
It's like the Macarena mixed in with the Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, or whatever it's called, and it's just moving your hands up.
It's Para, except that you're restricted to two buttons at different height levels. And that's no fun.
Para is, okay, not that good. DDR.
Yeah, but they're different games.
It's not trying to be Para Para, it's just trying to be Dance Maniacs.
Yeah, and yeah.
And it's okay to play Dance Maniacs with your feet.
Yeah, I tried that and then I tried using my head and I hit it on the machine.
And it was pointy.
Actually it's pretty funny, they had a bunch of spots where you had to hit both undersides and this guy kept doing this thing where he'd grab the bar on the machine and actually do a hip thrust into the machine.
the game.
You just kind of have to just mount one of those little sensors that's sticking out like
right on like a cowboy.
But it worked, it looked like really funny but it worked so, you know, whatever.
I'm getting some late submitted FUs of the week so let's have a look at them.
I'm going to just drive this bit into the ground the other night.
JB gives a big fuck you to regular DDR for not having the dance magic mode that Disney
Mix has.
Yeah, I mean, that's a given. Dance Magic's been needed in regular DVR for a long time.
23rd Magus says, a big fuck you to ZTNet and whoever else sells the Boom PSX to USB converters.
I got seriously fucking stiff out of 20 bucks, so fuck you to ZTNet.
Everyone will remember that more later on.
Yeah, well, let's talk about that. Talk about the USBs, because there's so many options here for going PlayStation to PC,
PC, and I don't know shit about it, so you gotta help me here, Logy.
Okay. Well, all these stupid converters that they have out there, they're meant for one thing,
is making the actual PlayStation controllers work with the PC.
Problem is, is that, you know, most people buy these
to use with, like, DDR SIMs and that kind of stuff. They're not meant for that.
I mean, the way DDR pads are set up, it's really funky, because,
you know, they have them mapped as buttons. So basically, the problem is, is
all these converters, they map the actual directional pad
not as buttons, but as axes. So, what the problem is, is you can't push, like, up and down at the same time, like where there might be a jump, or you can't push left and right. It's just you can only push, you know, one direction at one time. So that's the problem. Most people buy these pads, and especially, you know, big FV2 fries for putting the kiki joists next to the DDR PC, because people think, oh, it's going to work with, you know, the DDR PC. Nope, not at all.
And DCB wants to send a big fuck you to the Kiki Joys, by the way, because the software doesn't work on his computer.
Yeah, that's another thing. I have two USB converters also that I bought a long time ago to try using with my SIM.
I ended up having to buy a parallel one, and trust me, that was the best move I ever made.
The parallel ones work great, and they work with the standard DirectPad Pro 5.0 or whatever, just the drivers that they have.
that they have. Works great, you can remap the buttons to whatever, and it's awesome.
So buy the parallel ones. They have, I forget what it's called, mine was like, it's compatible
with like DualShock or something like that, and it was a two player parallel one, so just
buy that one, it's like 20 bucks, it's the best way to go. Do not buy USB ones. USB controllers
or converters do not work with the DDR pads. There might be one out there, but you're
going to go through about...
Not that you've found yet.
Yeah, you're going to go through about 50 of them before you find, you know, one that
actually works. So, just, you know, buy the parallel ones, save yourself some time. Now,
if you're using them for, like, say, I don't know, BeatMania, you know, 2DX or something
like that, they'll work fine for that, but just not DDR.
All right. Speaking of things going over Dave's head, because he was sitting there going,
this whole chat is going over my head because I don't play DDR on the PC, chat room wants
to know how tall are you Dave? Because they're seeing you on the webcam right now. You didn't
even know we had a webcam up right now, yes we got a webcam. How tall are you? Freakishly
tall, I don't know, not that tall, 6'1". I'm taller, I'm 6'2". But I'm sitting down so
they can't tell. So, last fuck yous of the week, okay, I've got a couple more, so these
to the last Fuck You's of the Week. Black Lab says, Fuck you to sims that don't work
on Macs. I think that's a very valid Fuck You of the Week, because Macs are being neglected,
of course. You need to buy a real computer. I'm just kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Yeah, I was just going to say. I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
When you make a computer that...
Macs are cool. Macs are great for art stuff. I like Macs.
Yeah, they look like artsy computers that you'd find in an art gallery, because, let's
see, one looked like a toaster, worked like a toaster, pretty much was a toaster, and
now they have one that looks like a stupid little sphere with this thing sticking out
of it. You've got to hand it to Max for coming up with these really freaky dines, like the
clear speakers. That you can't upgrade. That's the thing that sucks about Max. Also, Gateway
made this really retarded looking computer that's trying to copy the iPod. I mean, I
hated Gateway to begin with, and this isn't really helping them. It just looks like crap.
I think we're about to start a war in the chat. We're on Max versus PC. So let me get
to the other F.U. of the week. Alright Dave, what do you want to say? I was just going
say that George Foreman Grill looks exactly like the iMac. Like, if you put them next
to each other, I thought that it was an iMac commercial. It's like, hamburger, hot dog.
Did you try to cook a hot dog on an iPod? Well, it did look pretty appetizing, you know,
to just like put a hot dog in between the keys of the iMac. But, you know, they look
exactly like, and they both have the same transparent colors as well. But they do have...
your hot dogs off the keyboard! They do have, seriously though, for the G4, they really
have this kick-ass monitor for it. They have this, like, high-definition 24-inch monitor
out there for the Max and those kick-ass. But other than that, yeah. Yeah. Uh, fuck
you from Takeout Kid to UCB for not getting DDR Max 2 and making the current 5th Mix a
dollar. Wow. Well, at one point, the Metreon was charging $2 a game for 5th Mix, I believe,
Yeah, it's two dollars a game for fifth mix, so that means four dollars for doubles.
Yeah, I remember when the Metreon charged like a buck fifty or two dollars for like first mix or one point five or something ridiculous.
ridiculous. Then you go right into the other room and they have the same thing for like
a quarter or fifty cents less if you do it.
Anywho, no more fuck yous of the week. You've got to save them until next week now. JB has
got a question for you, Loki. He wants to know if you know anything about DSE, the DDR
Sequence Editor, and what it is.
Yeah, the DDR Sequence Editor is an old editing, or it's an edit making program that's pretty
old it's like compatible you know fifth mix down it doesn't do free zeros or
anything like that it's pretty good it works on like older PCs and stuff if
you're actually going to use an actual editor for you know making edits on your
PC for DDR I'd recommend the was it's called DDR edit max 300 and it's
actually pretty cool it supports free zeros and everything like that the only
the problem is it doesn't really, some of the edits that are made with it aren't really
compatible, you have to go in and hex edit something so you kind of have to know what
you're doing.
Okay.
But it's, you know, I've never used it yet because it's the only thing that will run
on my...
Quit breaking things!
What are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
Dave's playing with a webcam, just ignore Dave.
Stop making animals in compromising positions here.
Anyway.
So yeah, it's good for if you have an older computer like my crappy ass laptop that I
use for editing DDR songs at the arcade I go to, how sad is that, and so yeah, it's
the only thing that'll work, so give it a try, but you know, they're all Japanese, that's
hard to say.
Another question, what do you know about this new simulator, looks like it's coming out,
called Feet of Fury, you know anything about this at all?
This is the first I've heard of it.
Oh really?
Alright, well let's go to a break, we'll let you read up on this page, see what you think
of it, we'll go to a break here real fast, and we'll come back.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and thanks for
tuning in, and we will be right back.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the music of our show.
Can you hear the cheering?
Super performance!
Nice!
Perfect!
Your dance showed us a dream for the future.
Tomorrow is another day.
You're the one who'll give us hope for the future!
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Under Sedation Live with Travis, Rob, and Jessica, Saturdays, 6.30 p.m. to 9.30 p.m.
of civic standard time at understudationlive.org
And now it's time for Erotic Op Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favorite perverse Bomani band, Erotic.
Do it all night, do it with me.
No, no, that was awful, bloody terrible, do you take vocal lessons, kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night.
Oh god, I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it.
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula. Next!
Ummm...
That was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic. Next!
Yes!
Yes, that's it!
We have a winner!
A Star is Born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
yes the star is born here on orange lounge radio
they've told me i couldn't come back saying that as i always say it
uh... i figured though that's really the last time i'm going to be able to use
that i'm gonna have to take that out of rotation now because
american idols over it's done with
so the parity it doesn't work
people are going to forget about american aisle next week
that chick who won
people i get a care come next week
care now
leading care them
farewell to that little promo baby suggested i do something for the new
survivor that's debuting
do some kind of uh...
orange lounge survivor i have no idea how that works
they back in advertise like a big twist
who coming up a big new intro and then like
not do it like i did this week well
i was going to mention since does no sanchar and someone was listening to a
remix of what the move
yes which kai jar memory i remember reading something back on the dvd
armaniac sports
about eight actual
good version of let them move. Not possible, I say. I know, I know, I have my doubts too,
but they said it was the training song in Beatmania 3, and it was sung by a guy, not
some crazy ass chick that can't sing. Let them move! So I challenge people out there
to find the damn MP3 for that so we can listen to it and see if it's actually good or if
it just sucks or if it doesn't exist. Well, I think that you could make a good one if
You made an instrumental remix of it.
You know, you took out the...
and then you took out the music
and then you put in new music.
You know what they need to do is because a lot of times they'll take the old
I don't know, they'll take the Japanese songs, you know, sung by B4U
and they'll convert them into English. Well, let's just have them sing that in, you know, Japanese.
Or crash.
Which is a breakdown, basically.
well that's which is being requested in the chat room during the break and uh...
no
i don't like crash personally
so i'm gonna take it out of everybody uh...
maybe we'll see
if i get like money
or other kinds of favors and baes and pleading maybe we'll play it
or not but i thought about you haha
uh... what else we want to talk about
uh... here is that sam
uh... that we saw the other one we're looking at during the break and i
actually took it off the screen let me go back
it looks like somebody is developing something for dreamcast
and it's going to be a tdr simulator there
it sounds like they're being kind of careful not to call it like tdr but
they're saying it's
in the same being this tdr it's called feet of fury
you know theory special
Well, it's like, I don't know, it's sort of like, it looks like it's just all game's magic mode, that's pretty much what it is.
Hmm, I don't know, let's see, they're saying, I'm looking at their website, and if you're in our chatroom right now, our website address was posted, and maybe Twen will post it again for you, if you want to see this page.
It looks like DDR is going to be on the Dreamcast, basically, but it's more of a competitive
thing.
They're saying you want something a little more interesting or challenging and it doesn't
require yet still more speed.
So they've spent over a year building tools and developing what will give you a step in
the right direction for beat games.
And it's going to have a little bit of 3D.
You can use a standard controller.
You can use a DDR dance mat.
They've got 12 songs in it.
That looks like a demo of what's going on.
Some musicians, I'm trying to see what kind of, they're saying it's going to be a little
more competitive.
I can't find any more information about that.
Anyways, they're expecting a beta release of it's going to be this October, October
1st, and then the expected final release is going to be January 1st of next year.
So, looking forward to that.
Cool.
Well, that'll be interesting.
We'll review that as soon as there's a release, so.
And if anybody from that group is listening and wants to give us a sneak advance copy,
hey, I don't say no to that stuff either.
Right.
Okay.
Oh, big story since we're...
It's been two weeks since we've been here in the studio, quote unquote, because last
week, as you know, we taped an advance at Roseville Golf Land.
A lot of mixed reaction to that show.
Some people really liked it, some people thought it was ass, but what can you do, you know?
I wasn't there.
I was listening.
I thought it was the one part was cool where you were like, yeah,
we're from that school and doing an interview. Yeah.
And then the rest of it was kind of boring except for like brag on,
you know, that stuff. But it was okay. It wasn't that great.
Well, thank you for that honest opinion Cisco. I appreciate it.
Like Ebert Cisco. Maybe you're too young for that. I don't know.
He died a while ago. No, the fat one didn't die. A fat one still alive.
The fat one ate him, dammit.
Uh, we were actually secretly hoping we would get kicked out of Golf Land, because it would have been great radio.
You know, like, oh shit, what do we do now? We'll hitchhike our way over to...
Well, we wouldn't have to hitchhike to Brookfield's. We'd walk over there, hitchhike our way over to a nearby volcano.
Now broadcasting at the volcano on hole three.
Oh, shit. Alright.
But while we were gone, this big new story came out.
And I'm sure everybody's heard of it by now, but we want to
talk about it anyway, because we like to be
repetitive on the show.
Greece, the Isle of Greece banned electronic games,
period, meaning no DDR, no Game Boys, no Nintendos, no
arcade games, no Solitaire on your computer with Windows.
Why?
because they want to prevent gambling
what do you think of this
i think it's retarded
i bet you two bucks that it won't last ten days
i think it's been ten days hasn't it
yeah
i just gambled so
wherever you are
you are losing
i'm gambling over whether or not it works or not
and that
revokes the point of
gosh said i didn't
and being corrected it wasn't just the gambling it was the violence
in games to be as you know
solitaire and minesweeper can be a bloody fucking battle when you lose
did minesweeper i mean the bombs they want to keep that away from the kids
yet
flag
to get it wrong
and they're just bitter over the olympics
uh... also for those who don't know
i don't know they're just bitter
that they didn't get to host the-
Freakin' crazy Greeks and their damn mythology and their gods and stuff. Where's their gods
of irony and gods of stupidity? They must be working full swing now.
You can address those cards and letters to Loki in care of Orange Flown's radio.
I'm sorry, Rob. I've probably heard all of our listeners listening from Greece.
Actually, I believe we do have listeners from Greece. I'm going to have to check the statistics
really fast. Let's go check the stats.
of some interesting things though about the stats which surprised me
canada's no longer the number two country listening to this program you
know it is
japan
you know what's third
green
they agree to know that yeah we invite the greek to live vicariously through us
if you've had your video games robbed from you hey we'll tell you about what
you're missing out on
no way i'm i'm just
uh... no i i have my i think is right now
wait
Wait, how many people are listening?
Enough.
It's like, yeah, we got the number.
It's like coming in second place with two listeners
is Japan, and then tied for third is Canada, Korea, and the U.S.
No, no.
It's more than that.
We will be the new underground movement for computer games
and track track games.
Oh my god.
We will overcome.
We shall overcome.
See, this is what happens when you play
too much 2DX like Bradley.
Good job, Grace.
Greece, you stopped it at the root.
I'm looking for Greece.
No, nobody has listened to this show from Greece, unfortunately.
Hey, what's that there?
I see one stream from Greece.
The very, very bottom, Greece.
The very bottom.
One stream connected from Greece, not even for a full minute.
So that's somebody who connected and listened to that, you're listening to Orange Lounge
Radio, and then just like disconnected right there.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
haha greases have electronic games
no i think i think they got that far and then like a little underground gestapo
grecian people came in and was like
what are you doing you can't be listening to something from out of
the country
and then they break it
i wonder if this show it would be illegal in greece
maybe you know especially we're like uh...
freaking out propaganda over there you know
and this is a weird thing it applies to tourists too so if you're going to go to greece
take your game boy gazelle for your ass in jail they don't care if you're stupid
american or what
i think that they just take the gameboy and then they've got like a secret ball
of all these game boys and stuff is that like the landfills of the three twenty
six hundred games like all the old copies of e t that no one bought this
little until somewhere no i don't i don't think it'd be like a landfill they
keep in mind
you know i don't know if it's a president of the king of greece or you
know and for the king of greece whatever the god of three years
because it was our or fertile mississippi
well i i think it's it's not triple up
what but i get
looks at the great
okay so anyway
john for all of the classes
is uh...
secretly made up this whole rule got a secret greeting to stop
going around taking all the games
just so he can play them
and then he makes a secret
black market
video sorry
uh... messing with uh...
Bradley's 2DX controller. He's taking out his aggressions on the Greek
on Bradley's controller, and Bradley doesn't like that.
Bradley, he's normally the quiet type, but then sometimes he does his little evil takeover
the world type C-Lab 2021 type thing. No, and anyway, back to my story on the Grecian
underworld takeover. And so after they steal all of the games from
everyone else
they'll make a secret black market
john travolta will be able to play all the games that why do you think it's a
good dancing
i mean he can do all those little special hip thrust move things like you
are on crack
now i'm being told i'm being told if we were to like gamble on this show
that it would be illegal in greece
so
i'd bet you a dollar low-key i bet you one dollar
that we're not going to get any higher than that we are now legal
that greece will forever be the last place country on our list what do you
say
take me up on that that will anybody tell them about uh... yes
yes building up on that okay therefore now we are gambling on the show and the
show is now a legal increase so if you're listening
the cops are coming for you lock the doors lock the windows
do they have doors windows agrees
i don't know of course it if you don't have video games that side
primitive cavemen without their video games haha
yes limited crappy olympics
who that's what the sound like i don't know
as i get every snobby british people
wait wait what's what's great and great
i said i'd like an hour
let's see okay
here's my nephews for the week here uh... we've got uh... f you degrees
FU to Denmark, FU to Belgium, Taiwan, Yugoslavia, Germany, Pakistan, Netherlands
Taiwan gets an excuse, because if you ever looked at a lot of the games you buy, they were made in Taiwan
so they don't have time to listen to the show, because they're all in slave labor making these games
Oh, and special FU to Yugoslavia for beating the USA team
No, the Taiwanese are in slave labor copying the games from Japan
Wow, look, I can't believe it, Sweden is actually up there
Wait, okay. I bet people that they can't guess what the number, wait, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven ranked is.
Like, I know.
Yeah, because you're looking at the thing, of course you know, Rob. Anyway, since you can't see it, it's Venezuela.
People in Venezuela listening to us talking about DDR and I find that good.
DDRs that hit worldwide, what can you say? It's a big thing.
New Mexico, right above Venezuela. Somebody want to know where Mexico ranks?
The French. The French you're listing. The French? Now, didn't we make fun of the French a few shows back?
I seem to remember somebody went off on the French. It was probably a Brad thing.
I know I remember on our boards, I blame the French for the whole
getting rid of the games in Greece. There was no
correlation, but I blame the French. I think that was it.
I don't think that there was any public slander of the French on this radio.
Well, maybe we need some.
You know what?
I think that the French, personally, I really like French people.
They make good food, and they've got one of those chefs that are on the Iron Chef, along
with other countries that I don't see.
Yes, we have every country that has an Iron Chef guy listening to this show.
I bet the stats are going off.
Alright, I'd like to give a shout-out to Salman Laden for listening to us from Pakistan.
So, uh, way to go.
Keep up the good work.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Okay.
Address those cards and letters once again to Loki because of views and opinions, views
based on this show, blah blah blah.
Now let's look at cities in the US.
Obviously, Sacramento ranked number one, no surprise, because we're all in Sacramento,
we all listen to this station, you know, they all come started here.
You know, I knew AOL was big, but I never knew that they were their own city.
Well, that's the weird thing is that AOL all goes through one thing, so they show up as
one city on here.
Anybody that's on AOL has their own city.
Look at this, San Francisco followed by Columbus, Ohio.
We've got fans in Columbus.
Word.
Well, I did a big shout out to us on the DDR East Coast Invasion boards and everything.
Let's see who's in last place.
Let's see who's in the last place and who we need to rough up some people.
You want to guess what city is in last place?
Wait, is this just National City?
This is just the US.
Just the US.
Now remember, this doesn't just count the live show, this is also the Bahmani Music
& More program.
Bismarck, North Dakota.
North Dakota.
You're saying Bismarck, North Dakota.
Bismarck.
Here we go.
Come on, Bismarck.
Come on, Bismarck.
It is Des Moines.
No!
It was close!
Damn it!
Des Moines is in last place.
Followed by Bakersfield.
Where the hell is that?
They have computers there.
Bakersfield's like, kind of by, like, it's a little poo town, right?
Between...
Is that like...
Cool?
Yes.
Sort of.
It's between here and LA, really.
Great, fine, if I'm not mistaken.
Wait, what's the... hold on, scroll back up here for a second.
No, don't scroll.
Oh, yeah, that causes dropouts, but yeah.
Okay, sorry.
That's alright.
I'm causing dropouts.
Look out.
And then Denver counts for one city for like six different states.
That's pretty cool.
They've got like Denver, Colorado, M.T., I don't know what that is.
Montana.
Nebraska, Nevada.
Well, that's because theoretically anybody right on the borders could be connecting through
a hub in Denver, so that would count.
That would count.
This is getting really boring.
We need to go back to talking about Bomani.
Let's check Sky's private messages in the chat room.
This show sucks.
Oh, gee, thank you.
They want to have the webcam at a better angle.
If you would mind adjusting that, that would be nice.
Let's see what else I have.
Dave, do not touch the webcam.
Dave, you're not allowed to touch the webcam.
Dave, you are the weakest webcam.
Goodbye.
Dave.
Dave.
Dave Dave
Put it down no 2dx for you what the hell you're putting it like the way up
There Dave making a microphone busy on our webcam
And if you want to know where the webcams located you have to be in our chat room at IRC
Eggheads org just join channel pound orange
Yes, that's why I do on this show
Okay, now we are going to talk about
about what Rob wants to talk about.
Yes. What I also have on the list. Okay, let's talk about this. Konami very soon is supposed
to be announcing some kind of online Bahmani game. Don't know what it's going to be, but
it's going to be an online music, actually I shouldn't say it's Bahmani, but if it's
Konami and if it's a music game, it's probably going to be Bahmani, but it's going to be
some kind of music game that's going to be playable online. What do you guys think it's
going to be?
We talked about this once before, I'm not sure if it was on the air or not, but I think
that we basically all thought that it would be something around frequency or something
like that with different players doing different instruments or combining to form a song or
something of that sort, I don't know.
So it's basically a rip-off of frequency, you think?
It's Marshall Beat Online.
partial b on like
the new marshall be is so awesome because it's got can't touch this and
that you can't touch this in marshall d
you need to explain to me what what marshall beat is
uh... marshall beat is what like para para except it's karate okay right i
don't know how to explain it basically what it is is you've got like the
sensors that are on your hands and on your feet they've got another sensor
kind of pretty much like uh...
uh... mambo gogo or uh... whatever
some
bowl
whatever that is
punchmania
samba de amigo
or whatever like that
where it's got the sensors
and it can kinda
you know
that kind of thing
so anyways
you're on there
and they'll ask you to like
to punch up
punch down
kick
do whatever
and you have to mimic stuff
they also have a mode where you can fight
like people and stuff
and all at the same time
they have really crappy music
in the background
I mean
not to say that
you know
you can't touch this isn't bad
but
I mean
men and petite love? I mean, that doesn't just sound like the action fighting music
that you would normally expect. Wait, do they actually have, are you serious, they actually
do have petite love? Jackie Chan stars in. Petite love! Oh my god, that's really bad.
Childie on cutie chaser. It's raining men. Cutie chaser isn't there? That's pitiful.
I mean, do you punch to the music? Does it go like on beat punching? Er, okay, it does.
It's like Tybo, except that you pay by the minute instead of by the tape.
Alright, someone finds me a place where I can get this.
I will purchase this so that we can have it here.
That would be the coolest thing ever.
I would play that all day.
All day.
So if we can find where we can get this, I'll get it.
Just because.
Okay, it's now DaveTV. All Dave, all the time.
Any other ideas what they could do for an online game? Maybe guitar freaks? Drummania
type thing? What do you think about that?
We need to add some more instruments to that, I think.
Like keyboard mania? Maybe bring that back?
Keyboard mania, drummania, let's get like...
Singing mania, karaoke mania.
I've discussed the karaoke thing before, but it's impossible to tell how you're singing.
You can sync up noises to tell how much it is, but it's not like you can get a better
singing voice.
You can get more in tune and hit the right notes, but it's not like you have to hit with
a certain amount of pressure or something.
It's like, okay, fat people can't play because you have to hit one gram of pressure.
konami presents american idol online
oh my god bring back the demo
well no no no no or whatever it's called living a pretty funny that she's uh...
they have it as
part of monster rancher three the playstations you
you can actually capture your face and put it on the monster
we have that the far right now i get you know we have a lot of three
as well as that's where i thought uh... you can actually capture your face and
put it on it
i think you can capture faces become dancers
there in the
I think that you should capture a face and stick it on the crotch part of the dancer.
You know, just have like...
I can just see Rob's smiling face right over Rage's like...
I don't know, didn't we... I forget what we said about him like a few shows ago.
As Emmy's third tit.
That would be cool too. Pantsless Rage.
You know, that might have been funny if I was in junior high.
We can have you like...
the pantsless rage thing that we were talking about like three weeks ago. Okay! And then like censor it out with Rob's smiling head.
Whee!
I'm being told in the chatroom that they are making an American Idol game.
Help Justin save the world from his big hair.
I don't know what the hell would an American Idol game be.
What are you doing in an American Idol game?
How about like, press a button if you want Simon to use this bitch out.
Press a button if you want Simon to use this.
I challenge you guys to make an American Idol sound basically, a promo would be good too,
but I was thinking more along the lines of a sound theme for a DWI or something like
I think we're going to go ahead and take another break, and when we come back, you want to
do a list list?
what do you guys think there's only four of us now the one topic I was thinking
of we could do is a song we'd like to see a decent freestyle done to okay I
don't know I don't what it what else you guys you guys have any ideas for time
let's put the topics to the chat room was the chat room want us to decide
tonight on listless I'm gonna put the question out to them so we'll see as
soon as they respond to that no ideas from the peanut gallery here well I got
We gotta wait because we have to do our listless thing during the break.
Oh, people are sending them over private message. Let's see.
Oh, they're sending me a request for songs. They're not sending me.
Songs you would like to hear are Marshall Beatz.
No, I'm surprised. It's Coming From Fighting wasn't on that.
That's the best Jogas song.
I think there's only like four songs to pick from, dummy.
Like Damn Dare Ram, the remix of Damn Dare Ram,
KCP remix, or another one.
Damn Dari M. You say it like my dad would. Damn that Damn Dari M.
I'm going to say Damn Dari M, Damn Dari M, KCP remix. There's No Nobody's Love and Bye Bye Baby Balloon.
Or, oh, Chariot.
Oh, Chariot's not giving me many good ideas here.
Best Dance Maniac Song.
Best Dance Maniac. I don't know enough Dance Maniac songs to be able to do that.
Yeah, they all suck anyways.
We did the Guitar Freak Stromania song already, right?
Have we?
I think so, yeah.
No, we never did.
OK.
Want to do that?
Well, it's Paul's fault for not being here.
I asked Paul if he wanted to come, he said no.
I'm so hurt.
Well, if that's the case, then we're doing that tonight.
We're going to do best Guitar Freak song without him here.
So we're doing best Gita Dora song, I guess.
Guitar Freak, Stromania, Keyboard Mania,
All three of those kind of meshed into one.
Best song out of those.
We're gonna do that when we come back
from this little break.
We started out with a song that was requested a lot
in the chat room during the last break.
So here it is for you guys.
No, not drop the biz-om.
The music is loud
Yeah, drop the ball
Just drop the ball
You can't do the both of my dreams
Yes, you can try the fossil-like system
Now and ever, it's the time to resist
It's easy to blast you all away
You still have trigger fixes for the same audio to today
Don't get me wrong, I'm a pacifist
The mind can't do more than this
Explosives that are not what it takes
You know that terrorists always make them mistakes
What we got is a slow momentum
If you need the right tools and methods
Ride the wave time, count for the rhythm
The marks that teach us, we can't get with them
We can't get with them
The brain is generate all mighty power
We need to ignite your mass in an angle of power
Yeah, so ready to take that fall
It's up to you to make that call to drop the bomb
Get off the bomb
Let's drop the bomb
Let me see that fall
Hope you guys just feel momentum
If you need the right tools, then vent it
Ride the wave of time, come see the rhythm
The Martian future's begun, get with it
The rain is staring almighty
Before we even do it now, you must be tangled in power
Yeah, you're ready to take that ball
And it's up to you to make that call
And if it all works, make the real bet and wipe it out
So drop the ball
Yeah, drop the ball
Yeah, drop the ball
Yeah, drop that ball
That ball
That ball
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Extreme Babani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
That is us! Orange Lounge Radio.
I was just seeing if Dave had a negative reaction to me doing that too. I don't know.
Dude, he saved the picture of me looking like I was sucking on some...
Well, it was actually the end of that little furry talkie thing. Wait, hold on. Hold on.
That thing.
And, wait, hold on. Get a picture on the webcam.
Yeah, it sounds like it's orgasming half the time. No, but, um...
And he saved it, so, um...
I know he's gonna put it on, like, the main orange lounge.
I'm not the only one that saved it, by the way. People in the chatroom saved it, too.
Like, have you seen this man?
He plays the DDR.
He sucks the furry cock.
Wait, I did not say that. No.
Last week on Orange Loun- Oh, no, no, no, no.
Don't pull that shit.
Oh, yeah.
Like you would be able to stop it.
If I got Jamie doing the King of Iron Fingering, I can do anything I want.
Anywho,
let's get to the damn list list segment.
We're talking about the best
guitar freaks, drum mania, keyboard mania song. We're talking about the big session.
Really, we're kind of focused here on guitar freaks and drum mania.
Best song in Gitarora.
We'll go ahead and start.
type limits i find some game show music this week the listless
sure why not let's do some game show music uh... if i can find some
why you go ahead and tell us your number three song lucky and will uh... find a
game show music
uh...
i'm gonna have to go with uh...
looks like primal soul
primal soul okay
i don't even know i finally honest but my bad
Alright, uh, I don't like that song too. But I don't like the long verse, because that's the singing that doesn't do it very good.
But, uh, most of the time this is just me dancing.
Well, then let's hear if your choice is any better, Bradley. What's your number three choice?
Bradley is somehow really hyper right now. He's all like, yeah, girl sounds really good, but the long verse...
Hey, we're getting the talk on this show. Shut your mouth!
Alright, yes.
Alright.
Yes, your number three choice.
My number three choice would be Liar Liar.
Liar Liar, that's a good one.
Alright, Dave, what is your number three choice?
I dropped my list on the ground.
I guess my number three is Nami Nori Johnny, but it's on 7 Mix and 6 Mix,
or guitar freaks from Romania, and it's actually in Japanese spelling, so you can't see Nanomori John, he doesn't say that.
our music stuff
you're number two choice
all right my number two choice has to be eraser engine
eraser engine
get a little old school
the original racer motor maximum
all right your number two choice radley
he said
uh... yes you're number two to receive
my number two
i guess is uh...
i mean although there is
these favorites all
on anybody and that that was different
double cheeseburger
would be carnival
i like the cardigans they're cool and i like that cover of it in guitar freaks
with mix of carnivals one of the two choice
which one here
alright brownies correct my story to get
Loki's number one choice for best guitar-free Stromania song. All right, this is easy. It's gonna be fireball fireball
All right
Fireball
Your number one choice Bradley for best guitar-free Stromania song giant slug giant slug right on
I went to MGL two weeks ago to go play that on 6th Mix, because it's not in 7th Mix on guitar freaks.
They removed it for the next set.
Doh!
And lots of the old songs they removed, because it was cool time.
Alright, and your number one choice, Dave?
Um, I don't know, this one's kind of typical, but I said at least 100 seconds.
It's a good song.
The long version kicks so much more ass, but it's not, like, on the Drumanian guitar freaks.
It's too bad.
Bummer.
My number one song, I can't believe none of you mentioned it, come on.
It's the best song in Guitar Freaks.
You know it.
Don't say Venus.
Don't say Venus.
No, not Venus.
Haru Spring.
Come on, with the dancing panda?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Come on, that's the best song. How could you forget that?
We tried. Shut up.
Anyway, the list, the full list is some notable exceptions that the chat list is pointing out.
We didn't say Fire, Hand to Hold, Long Train Runnin'
Okay, wait, hold on, hold on
I said Long Train Runnin', I don't like the version of Guitareve
fire
overplay yet this one guy
fuck you
guy roosevelt golfing staff guide
who plays this uh... oh sorry for listening
uh... hypnotic also
who played a song
three songs in a row
like he put in money
fire
do you know i forget a song goes
but anyway i should remember it
and then okay let's mix it up a little with fire
okay i'm gonna challenge myself with fire
I assume that he's playing three different games since there's only the long version in 7th mix.
No, this was in the 5th mix, Guitar Freak 6.
But now he just plays it in Burn, I think.
It's like, Fire!
Burn!
Fire!
Anyway, the full list we have so far, and now we get to do the elimination part. This'll be fun.
Primal Soul, Liar Liar, Naminori Janna, Miss You, Eraser Engine, Sanagi, Double Trouble,
Carnival, Fireball, Giant Slug, Least 100 Seconds, and Hadu Spring.
Your elimination choice, Loki.
Well, because I can hardly pronounce that, it's going to be Naminori Janna.
I can't say I blame you.
It's not a great song, anyway.
I don't know what Dave was thinking.
That song rules, and it's Johnny, not Janna.
Yeah, Johnny.
The interesting thing is that when I was in SoCal to go to the Anime Expo, I went to the
Mandaraki store that was closing, and I heard it on the radio. It was interesting.
Your choice to eliminate from this lovely list we have, Bradley.
It would be Miss You, because Right On Time is a lot better than that one.
I'm so hurt. But okay. That's the way it works.
I used to like Right On Time.
Bradley's fired from the show.
A small e. No, nevermind.
But then it was overplayed partially by me, partially by these rocker people at Gulfland, and Rob, and everyone else.
And you know one song I left off my list, and I'm really sad I had to leave those to the list?
Actually I had two songs I had to leave off my list.
I'm Gonna Get You, which I love, I love that song.
Yeah, that song.
And Mr. Moon, I like that song.
I usually think of Keyboard Mania when I think of that song, so I dumped it.
Okay, now I gotta pick one off, huh?
Yes, you've got to pick one off, Dave.
Okay, well, I can't pick my own off.
So, I guess I'll take Primal Soul.
Primal Soul.
You bastard.
Oh, my turn.
It's a good song, but I thought it was the worst.
This is hard.
I actually like all of these.
I'm going to take off...
Oh, this is really hard.
Can't vote for anything not on this list.
That's the way it works.
From this list of the eight songs we have,
Eraser Engine, Sanagi, Double Trouble, Carnival, Fireball,
Giant Slug, Least 100 Seconds, and Haru Springs.
Send me your vote for your favorite Guitar Freaks drum
mania song.
Private message.
And we're going to take a quick break.
While you send those over private message,
you're only going to have about three minutes.
I'm going to play a quick song from the Dance Mania series.
And that's all the time you get.
So, let's play from the Dance Mania series.
You want to do...
No, that's Transparty.
You're thinking...
You're not...
That's not Dance Mania.
We're going to do...
I don't know.
I'm thinking.
Let's do...
Let's do Tears in May.
You get three minutes while we listen to Missing Heart.
These are the people that did Moonlight Shadow, by the way.
This is Tears in May.
You got three minutes to vote in the chat room over private message.
The List, Listless, here on Orange Laundry.
Show my play, and wash my love away Light the way, tear to day
Tell me why, would a cold dream come to die?
All in vain, tears in vain, tears in vain
The secret world of our dreams is to wait my soul
And when the moon is shining through the clouds, her love will take control.
Tell me why was your dream born to die?
On the way, tears in my, tears in my head
And I hear the soundtrack for you
When the stars of faith are falling
I'm slowly and I cry the tears
Tears in my... Tears in my... Tears in my...
Show my faith and wash my love away
Like the way it feels to me
One more song for you while we tabulate the score
real fast for our listless segment
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Music
The stars
Music
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio and we have tabulated the votes for our listless
segment with the best
guitar freaks slash drum mania song
ever
very very close very scientific process is a very very close voting there are
so
we kind of did
we did rock paper scissors
the winner
not third-place winner third-place
best uh... guitar freaks drum mania song ever is
fireball
Yay!
Alright.
Fireball is the third place winner.
Second place, which would be the first plate loser, second place Guitar Freaks song, Drummania,
Haru Spring!
That was my choice, yay!
Haru Spring is in second place.
And the first place for best Guitar Freaks slash Drummania song ever is...
least 100 seconds is the winner of bestest ever guitar freaks drum mania song, hooray
the microphone.
Don't do that to Bradley's controller, he'll beat you up.
I think I'd be more worried about the microphone.
Whoa!
What are you doing here, oh wait, are you doing the webcam?
Thanks for the webcam.
If you want to look at the webcam, the super secret location is only available in our chat
room at Channel Pound Orange Lounge on any other side IRC server.
Same server that hosts a lot of big Bahmani chat rooms.
So what else do we want to talk about? We've got 20 minutes left on the show. Jamie's not
here to vent about anything this week because she's out of town. She's at a step squad convention
or some kind of meeting for her team there, which includes some out of town folks that
she's interviewing.
I can do a preemptive fuck you over the week.
Okay, go for it.
You downloaded the music.
Yeah, I haven't unpacked it though yet. You've got to wait for me to do that before you can
go.
Oh, then do that and we'll do the music.
Oh, you got anything you want to talk about, Matt?
Yes. What are you doing, Dave?
One second. Webcam. Oh my god.
Turn off your webcams. If you have a brain, you'll turn off the webcam for about a minute.
Yeah, but see, now everyone will turn it on.
We have a request for you to do the Black Mage, whatever that means.
Dave. Well, what's the Black Mage? I really have no idea.
tell dave to do the black mage
i have a request
black mage
doo doo doo doo doo
what am i doing
this is what they saw by the way huh
it looks like a crotch shot it looks like a gynecology appointment
uh... which you just saw there was the official background
for uh... dgr god mix
don't inflate his ego any more than it needs to be.
And black mage is the shit basically
Yeah, so
No, go hold it
It's the black mage
uh...
if you do it correctly
twenty-third maggots
i don't know you know
buddy do you think buddy christ
uh...
dogma
you okay
he's not here i have to give a big week
this is not your where did she
there is a we have a jamie we file actually it's in one of the other promos
it's uh...
hold on we can see his way
Dammit!
Dammit!
There it is! There's Jamie Doolery! That's one of the other promos.
Matt has attached the
cam to his head
but since it only takes a picture like every twenty seconds
it doesn't really work like one of those extreme
sport people
you know where you see it from their point of view
it's just kind of like random cliff of what Matt might see if you were standing on top of his head.
sports is falling off the cliff
the employee of the cliff they see him
you seem
preparing to pull the cord
and then you just kind of see
scattered on the ground
like what happened in those twenty seconds
well you know i guess the court
what the hell am i talking about
shows his guys
i know it's just got so stupid but people are still listening go figure
i'm sorry
i'm sorry
It's the California Heat, we blame it on that.
Oh my god, it got up to like 80 today.
What's wrong?
Yeah, people just look at us like...
I have a Bomani-related topic we could discuss.
Okay, how about this?
Internet ranking.
Do you think...
Is there any way that you think internet ranking for the various games out there could be improved,
besides having more than just a crappy USA internet ranking competition in the US?
Like, you know how they have the Max 2 internet ranking for various songs you could do?
There's the 2DX internet ranking, which is really popular right now for 6 style at home,
which Dave is giving the thumbs down to, probably because he can't rank on it.
The 6 style thing is cool because it's at home, and so you're already at home and stuff,
but the Max 2 one, first of all you have to write down, I think it's 16 digits or numbers
or letters or combined something.
Numbers?
No.
It's not the fact that you have to have a pen and paper ready to be able to record it.
Well hello, if you're playing internet ranking, would you think, gee, uh...
Nope.
Dave.
All you gotta do on the PlayStation version, you go into records, and then you hit, I believe, the select key when it shows your scores, and it'll show you the internet ranking password.
Oh, oh, you're talking about on, uh, home version.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you were talking about the arcades. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Dave. I'm sorry.
But if you use a memory card, it'll save it, just so you know.
I know it's awesome, is if you do it playing versus, it crashes the machine.
Whoa, that is pretty cool.
No, but first of all, it takes three great deals of unlaziness to do this.
First you have to have a pen and piece of paper and a pen or pencil ready.
Then you have to waste three songs, well not necessarily waste,
But play three songs that you wouldn't normally play, just so you can get the internet ranking.
Play them on, probably, difficulty that you wouldn't want to, or, you know, whatever, I don't know.
Then don't play internet ranking! Shit!
And then you have to write them down quickly, and then go home.
Wait, stop grabbing the mic. And then, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Don't talk.
No, it's... God damn it, I'm one of the co-hosts of the show!
You're the co-host. I'm the new host.
And then you have to go home and actually go on the computer, which I really do not like using computers.
By the way, we're on internet radio right now. You might want to keep the computer bashing a little light.
No, I'm just saying, I cannot use computers. I try to go on the internet.
It's like, you have lost all the memory on your computer. Your computer is now shutting down.
it's not our fault
like a special email has been sent to a little midget who will come and kill you
now
haha
they have gotten those messages before
they're not sure
i don't know i have
have the midgets come yet
i don't know those little kids have been threatening me they could have been midgets
i don't know this
no midgets you can
sorry if there's any midgets out there
midgets are awesome
and they really are
itty bitty gang man
Oh, nasty!
A special F.U. for all those Greek midgets out there.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, what was that all about?
Greek midgets are awesome.
That was so last hour.
Anyway, what do you suggest they do then, Dave?
Just have an internet ranking on your honor?
You know, oh yeah, Eiffel combo'd Max Unlimited.
No!
Yes, I did!
I'm number one in the world!
That is crap.
No, I think that they should hook all of the Max 2 arcade machines up to the internet
So it kind of like tells you your ranking as you put it in.
That and have a webcam that records your...
You know, so it's like I say I pull perfect max unlimited three times and it somehow gets the...
No! Stop driving the line!
So you're suggesting that Roosevelt Golf Land spend or any Golf Land or any arcade with a Max 2 machine,
which is just about everywhere these days, spend thousands of dollars to get a DSL brought in next to the machine
machine, and just so you can have internet ranking so you can make a pathetic attempt
at being the best DDR player in the nation.
Well I know I'm not the best, but not any arcade, every arcade needs to do this.
A, it shouldn't be like a specialty, it should be part of the machine, you know it should
have like a...
You're forgetting they're all illegal anyway, they're all bootlegs.
So get the illegal bootleg DSL, whatever.
And then um...
Hold on.
Illegal bootleg DSL.
So let's say, you know, I full perfect everything and then it says, yay, you are number one, congratulations.
And then, you know, you see, it's kind of like a Soul Calibur II thing, you know, with your armies fighting against each other.
Your DDR armies fighting against each other.
I full perfect something and it's like, Corey already did this, you are Poser or something like that.
Conquest mode in DDR would be stupid because everybody would pick on MGL and you know it.
Yeah, that'd be pretty cool, though.
MGL would be gone in five seconds.
I'm not sure how long we'd last, though, because I'm not...
Like, we've got a constant stream of people playing, but most of the people...
Sorry if you're listening, I do this a lot...
Are pretty bad.
Except for, like, us.
Us being sacramentals who know each other.
Yeah...
Because lots of these new sacramentals...
Well, let's get off this rant because it's kind of boring.
Give the mic back, Dave.
Dave's pouting.
Let's see, other things coming up that we should talk about, I guess I can give a little
plug for me.
It's my birthday on Wednesday!
Yay!
Wednesday, there was something about Wednesday that was important, something I was supposed
to remember.
Some other kind of anniversary, I forget.
Oh, yes, yes, yes!
How could I forget? If I turn on the TV, they keep reminding me. Your birthday happens to
be on September 11th, huh?
Another porn date is when my cable is supposed to be installed. Probably AT&T is going to
fuck it up.
Yes, and also, if you calculate the hours correctly, that's the time that I will be
finished downloading the porn that I am starting to download now. It will be finished by September
11th. No, I swear. It will take like a hundred, like four hundred hours or something.
What are you planning to do to celebrate your birthday?
I'm throwing a bimani party.
That's right, you're throwing the big bimani party next weekend.
Maybe we'll have to tape something for Orange Lounge there, I don't know what, but we'll do something.
It'll be fun, I'll have my sim set up with the metal pads and all that fun stuff, and I'll be making burgers.
Is it next weekend or Wednesday?
It's on Saturday.
Because, like, if it was the weekend, then I wouldn't, or the weekday, because I wouldn't
be able to pass.
Yes.
Wednesday, I don't know.
My parents are cool.
My girlfriend.
But, they're not.
And, yeah, but, see, I can't go on weekdays, because I'm, like, trapped in my house.
Yeah.
Um, let's see, on Friday, we're going down to, um, the Winchester Mystery House to do
a mid-light, uh, midnight tour, because that's on Friday the 13th.
Right on.
So we're going to do that, because that'll be fun, and then, uh, Saturday, yeah, my party
and stuff and you know everyone's invited so come crash the party if you want and uh
well obviously you need to know the directions are but remember this is a national show i
don't think the people in uh you know uh columbus ohio give a crap about your party no offense
fly in i'll i'll be working welcome international people in venezuela vamanos ah loki the microphone
anyway uh i'm being reminded of something in the chat room is going on right now as
As we speak, the King of the Hill episode that featured the DDR parody is replaying
right now, and you missed it because you're listening to us!
You know, it was first played on Mother's Day, which is pretty funny.
I think the funny wore off the first time, but I actually didn't see it the first time,
so I'm having the TiVo grab it right now so I can watch it.
I didn't see it.
Dansu?
Dansu?
Dansu?
Dansu?
What is...
I don't...
You have to explain this to me.
The plot was they go to Japan to find Hank's, the main character's, half-brother or something, because there was some love grandfather thing, and anyway, they see DDR on this giant screen, you know, it's on one of the megascreens, broadcasting in basically a Times Square, or, yeah, type of place, and so, you know, the main character's son goes up there and starts playing, and, you know, busts out too, I think it was, was it Kung Fu fighting?
it
and then
what happened was this girl comes up and it's kind of like
funny romance
and they've got the
i forget the robot characters i forget them
sent out
whatever that is
brought to sleep
well i a king of the hill usually puts me to sleep i'll find the show funny at
all that i think you don't like propane
i'd like to talk about this uh... i need
this new uh...
yes that
are you finished may i finish get it all that is a terrorist
forget about what type of the t-v- show that's actually on a colony central
that's an old british show called trigger happy t-v uh...
things damn funny
british interrelated the money
it could be a lot of the whole thing
that music in it
okay just like to be are they both have music okay well no shit okay tell us
more about the show we
it's hilarious i don't know i'm
that's the
weren't out of me i don't feel like that anymore
it's why where you out that i'm sorry sometimes
uh...
anyways yet
so they have it on there and it's cool
In the chat room, 23rd Magus says he's going to come to your B Mani party to celebrate
Konami's famous B Mani series.
Hey, I'll actually get to meet him, because I've tried to meet him numerous times and
never worked.
Actually, I was in the same arcade once and I never saw him.
It'll be a Kodak moment, I'm sure.
I'm surprised.
It was funny.
I thought people had come to my Qzart trip since it was just me and that guy.
I was broke.
I really wanted to go, but I'm so broke.
broke, I'm sorry. And then the Bomani party, it sounds like there's going to be tons of
people there, and I was expecting there to be like five people. Well, hey. So, yeah,
more the merrier. I think I have an empty house that night, so hopefully we won't be
waking anyone up, and my neighbors suck. I hate my neighbors. A special F-you to my freaking
neighbors. Because this dumbass, I guess her boyfriend moved in next door, and he parks
his truck, because we're in a court and instead of parking along the curb, he actually parks
perpendicular to the curb, so his truck is taking up half of our driveway. And he's a
bastard.
Do you think Bahmani parties getting together and playing this, to make this more of a topic
everybody can relate to than just people who are within driving distance of Loki's house,
you think Bahmani parties are a cool thing to do once in a while, get together and just
play all the home versions, or do you think maybe we ought to go to the arcade to play
these things or is it more fun because at home you can drink and play DDR? Although
if you go to Dave and Buster's you can drink and play DDR too, but just hypothetically.
I think it's fun. Wait, does anyone else have Maimani parties? I'm sure. I'm sure. Friends
get together and play Maimani. Shit man, people have LAN parties. I mean, come on. They have
what? LAN parties, local area networks where you play network games like Quake 3 and that
that kind of crap, and you hook computers up. Uh-oh, Quake 3, look out! We're going
to- I don't know what the game's about. It doesn't matter, there's parties for everything,
so I'm sure- It's point and shoot, that's all it is. People get together to watch, like,
you know, I Love Lucy shows and that kind of shit. Dave with the stupid webcam. Anyways,
so yeah, I think it's a good idea that people get together. Anything that'll bring people
together to actually be able to enjoy something will be great, so, whether it be an arcade
It's about time to close the show, but a closing thought. What would be the absolute worst thing that you could do at a Bimani party?
Say you're going to a Bimani party for the first time as a newbie. Absolute worst thing you could do?
Show up on the wrong day?
What do you think? Absolute worst thing you could do at a Bimani party your first time? Dave, do you have any ideas?
The absolute worst thing, well first I could think about getting really drunk and playing naked, but I'm guessing that you could do worse stuff than that.
Well I don't know, because I mean that party that you had a while back, it wasn't really a Bumani party, but all these people that played Bumani showed up, so it kind of turned into one.
Where, I think, Ryan Samu-mangus, or magus or whatever, he put on his girlfriend's clothes
and started pairing.
That was really bad.
It looked like a tutu slash.
Like he looked very, very fruity.
Sorry Rob.
He said it's okay.
Any ideas from Bradley?
Hello, whoops, my bad. I'm sorry, yes. Any further ideas, Bradley?
Breaking people's machines or playing Let Them Move for the first time. Wow! Let Them Move! That's awesome!
Actually, now that I've flashed back to my first Bimani party, what was it? My modded pad got broken.
Yeah, I remember my first Bamani party, it was, oh wait, no I don't, well I remember
one Bamani party, it involved people getting drunk and, you know, dressing up as, in their
girlfriend's clothes, and playing Farah, and that was funny because it wasn't me.
I'm going to have to agree with the chatroom that the absolute worst thing you could do
at your first Bamani party is ParaNaked.
there and they could be
big whip across the thing or in the nose
or um...
another bad thing would be i try to play d r in the pool
would be another bad idea
you know don't take the you know i am full yes to the pool
you'd like to hear on tonight
i'd love to see it on a game show
here are nice to meet with you
references before but on
that game on stop
i would have got like thirty seconds
uh... the thing
where you
you get it wrong, and the floor drops out from under you, what's that show called?
Russian Roulette.
Russian Roulette, like DDR Russian Roulette, you hit a wrong note, and the floor just drops
out from under you, so you're like, trying to step, and then the floor goes bye-bye.
That's like, so Goonies, okay?
Baby Moot?
And Rob came up with a good idea for a new show, DDR on Ice, with, uh, Jon Tesh.
Brian Boitano
John Tesh announcing
Stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp to my beat, stomp to my beat, stomp to my beat
This player of DDR, he has such a terrible youth
He grew up in the slums
And now he plays DDR and he gets money that way
He's won tournaments
And it just breaks my heart
For those who don't know, this is the most Bradley's ever talked
Like, cumulative in this two hours. He's talked more than he's ever talked in his entire life.
You heard he here on Orange Lounge first.
Uh-huh. And it's kind of funny to know that I actually had a radio show one time.
Really?
I have tapes of it.
Oh, I gotta hear this stuff.
I got really crazy on it.
I used to have a college radio show too. But anyway, we're past nine o'clock. We gotta end the show.
Big thank you to everybody listening. Big thanks to Loki, tonight's honorary co-host.
Any final words, Loki?
Logie?
No, I wish Dave would stop playing with the webcam, but, yeah.
Nothing really.
Any final thoughts from Dave, the cam whore?
Webcam is my friend.
Any final thoughts from Bradley?
Tea lovers, go somewhere else to neck and play with each other.
And my final thought of the day?
do something
my mom by the day
okay that's it
in the show thanks everybody in the chat room for listening
and we will see you next week jamie will be back with interviews
uh... replays on sundays at seven pacific standard time and thursdays at
two pacific standard time
see ya
you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
The Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your Fortune Cookie message of the day.
Listen, pal, you've got to make it a little more sexy, you know, and don't just ram it in there like that.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
