It's a video tape! Put it in, put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
This D.D.R. SUCKS!
D.D.R.S.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Miss Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
One, warmer, he's good.
Missed it by that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy.
Cat.
Thirty-seven.
My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks.
In a row?
Shuh!
And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest thing to bite.
So you get nothing!
You lose!
Good day, sir!
Dear diary,
my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may,
to take you on a straight journey.
Dark Sakura
I hate nature!
I just wish the world would explode, and then I could take over hell.
Sky
Do I look like the weather girl?
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio
This is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 12.
Unfortunately the original intro to this show was lost in an archiving failure, so we're
We're going to simply kick off this rebroadcast of this episode by giving a big thanks to
our special in-studio guests Mel B and Sharks Girl.
We will now rejoin this encore presentation during the opening musical break.
That last that ever she saw him Carried away by a moonlight shining, shining
Dressed unwarried and mourning
Carried away by a moonlight stretch
Lost in a riddle that Saturday night
Far away on the other side
He was caught in the middle of a desperate fight
And she couldn't find how to push through
The trees that whisper in the evening
Carried away by a moonlight stretch
Shown a song of sorrow and grieving
Carried away by a moonlight, check, check
All she saw was the feeling further gone
Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by a man on the run
And she couldn't run, had to push through
I stay, I pray to you in heaven far away
I say, I pray to you in heaven, one day, 4 a.m. in the morning
Carried away by a moonlight church, I watch the vision falling
Carried away by a moonlight church, the sun goes slurring every night
Far away on the other side
Will you come to talk to me this night?
But you couldn't find how to push through
I stay, I praise you in heaven far away
I say, I praise Thee, You in heaven one day
Caught in the middle of a hundred fights The night was heavy and the air was the last
But she couldn't find her first move Carried away by a moonlight charge
Carry away, like a moonlight shadow
Guns and drugs are the key.
I've come to check on you
and I'll be back here.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Orange Lounge Radio, we are live here.
Oh, shut up, baby. The world's not that bad.
How would you like it if I shoved you back in?
So, hello to everybody. We've got a pretty full room here tonight.
It's gonna get hot in here very fast. This is why we have the lights out.
If you're viewing our webcam, which is at a top-secret location, which you can only get in our chat room,
then it's gonna be very dark in here. All the images are dark because we don't want to start sweating in here.
It's gonna turn into a sauna, and then we'll all have to take our clothes off, and that'll be the nudity.
That'll be the nudity.
Wah wah wah. Dork.
I would like to apologize for anyone listening to this on the archives because I didn't start
the archive recording until that break, so you missed the intro of the show, but all
we were basically saying in the intro was that Mel B and Melody are here tonight, Sharks
Last weekend I went to a gathering of a bunch of people, mostly a step squad, a few RTF.
I'll talk about those, just a bunch of people, we went bowling.
Bowling school.
I sucked so bad.
And then I got to see the crappiest machine in the universe.
What's that?
Stepping Sage.
I've never heard of Stepping Sage.
The most ghetto fabulous machine ever.
I have never even heard of step aces.
It ain't even ghetto fabulous, it's just ghetto.
It's like ghetto ass.
Okay.
Imagine
you have
a machine consisting of one large monitor in the center and two smaller
monitors on either side.
You have
a panel, like any normal dancing
stage except you have
two circles in the front,
two on the side,
and two in the back going making a sort of circle.
And then you have two dots on the screen.
And then whatever color goes up, you have to step on the corresponding color.
You know, I think it's like red at the top, yellow in the middle,
and blue in the back, or something like that.
Weird, OK.
And then you have the crappiest videos playing in the middle one.
All it is is like, OK, you know at Great America, the karaoke,
well, not the one that you actually sing with the make-your-own-video thing?
Right, OK, yeah.
Where you dance around in front of a blue screen or a green screen.
with those like it's just really lame if I know what you're talking about, yep.
Imagine this with like real people except the people think that they can dress
cool and know how to dance.
And they're the type of people who
think that they're doing so well that you really don't have the heart to tell them that they suck.
What kind of music is in this game? I never even played it.
We have Saturday Night, we have The Hustle,
we have Santa Maria, which I
who nearly threw up. By Samantha Fox? Yes, but it's not Samantha Fox.
Yeah, they have I should be so lucky by kind of the word.
I should be so lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky. I know that one.
That's awesome. And they had Macho Man.
Which was the worst. Like Williams? And they had
oh shoot, it was another something
I don't remember off the top of my head, but this machine just sucked.
it was sort of thrown away in the corner by the door, you know, like we really don't have
this here, they just make us. And then, you know, we played with, you know, balls all
day and then went back over for 2DX and I got to see my friend Liz, who I hadn't seen
in two years. I knew her before I actually met her at Automate Expo 2000, which was also
where I played my first EDR machine.
You interviewed Kim in these interviews, right, that you did?
I interviewed Liz.
I interviewed a bunch of people.
Oh, Liz did?
Okay, cool.
Liz is also, she's a San Toki on Steps Squad 4.
Ah, right on.
Cool.
I want to talk to Mel and Mel for a minute here.
They went to the big Disney's Rave tournament on Friday, which none of us were able to go
to because we all have to work and then, you know, by the time, well at least I do.
What's that?
Oh, you went for that week? That's right. Oh, well you guys...
I mock us unemployed people, why don't you?
I'm sorry. Well, if I worked in Milpitas, then I could get to the tournament in time, but I work here in Sacramento in it.
Hey, I'm unemployed, don't you know?
But... Okay, I'll just shut up now then.
Watch out before the unemployed rise up.
I know, I think the unemployed are going to rise up and kill me.
Smoke power!
So tell us about the Disney's Rave Tournament. How did it go?
What were some things that... You have to explain
how a Disney's Rave Tournament worked for everybody out there who doesn't have a
Disney's Rave machine near them.
Okay, well, yeah,
quick rundown. The tourney was on a
dancing stage, Disney's Rave.
It was at Milpitas, and it was hosted in one of the party rooms.
And for the Perfect Attack tourney, it was all on doubles.
And because
Disney's Rave is a rather easy
machine to perfect attack anything on, like SSSs are very commonplace, they had set the
difficulty to eight. So it was like, you know, the good old third mix SSR days were four
goods and you were out. And people did fail during the tourney.
Oh, to fail a song on Disney's Rave, that's got to be the biggest heartbreaker.
Not necessarily. Some of the songs are in PowerPoint, some of them were ten footers,
like Twilight Zone and Ducking Hardcore, I mean.
I can just imagine Mr. Bassman.
The basement is actually relatively easy compared to some of the others.
Wow. So, now, you came out of hiding, basically your freestyle retirement, and you did a freestyle at this tournament, correct?
Yes, I did. I finally decided, hey, this is going to be a fun tourney, there's not that much pressure, what the heck.
So, yeah, I did the bump.
Right on.
It's the most ghetto song out there, and I pretty much milked it for its ghetto factor.
Now, the last time Mel B was here on Orange Lounge about six or seven weeks ago now, the
last time he was here, we made an agreement that the next time he enters in the tournament,
he needs to do a knee drop and a hand slap.
Did those two things get done?
Yes, they did.
Oh, my God.
And from what I understand, you got criticized by one of the judges for it, right?
Yes, one of the judges was, I wasn't so sure about that hand slap knee drop somewhere in
the game.
I mean, I chained up pretty nicely.
I kind of disguised it well.
I thought I did it with class and style and all those good things freestyle you should
be doing it with, but damn.
So if anybody wants to blame the low points of Mel B's routine, that would be our fault
here at Orange Lounge.
So you're welcome.
It was all in fun.
For the turnout I had on a Friday night, there was probably about maybe 20 routines or so
thereabouts.
Not too bad.
18, 19.
Yeah, it's cool.
And everyone was just having a good time more than anything.
There was maybe a few dance-y routines, but for the most part everyone was just goofed around.
It's Disney rave, you know? How seriously can you take it?
Now, how many Macarena routines were there?
One.
Just one, really? Did they actually do the Macarena?
Not really, not. In fact, the audience did, although the funny thing was
it was Tigger, actually, of all people who did Macarena.
And at the end, he pretty much turned it into love to Macarena, complete with hand slaps and all that good schmazz.
Right on.
That's awesome.
So, good tournament?
You think they need to do another Disney's Rave tournament in the future?
Or was it just kind of a one-time, haha, that was funny, let's move on now?
Maybe once in a blue moon, like once a year probably.
I doubt you'd see anything twice because a lot of people were having trouble enough trying to memorize steps, trying to get it up really for maternity, who knows.
Good times, good times. Any other tournaments coming up that you want to tell us all about? Any more appearances you'll be making that you want to plug?
As far as I know, you'll probably catch me at a local 7-Eleven or something like that, you know, just catch me Thursday, I'm getting a vanilla coke Slurpee, yeah.
I'll be at the one on Branham and Monterey, yeah, in San Jose. Bingo.
But past that, as far as I know, I'm not too sure about any of the tourneys coming up.
I know Scandids, who's probably one of the bigger ones coming up in December, as soon
as I know more details about that, hey, I'll pass it on.
There's going to be a Sacramento tournament in November.
Shh.
Yeah.
To be determined.
To be determined.
In the works.
Let's talk to Melody for a minute.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Now, you were just here a couple weeks ago, weren't you?
Yeah, because I needed donuts and Mongolian.
And you got both those things today.
And now I have pants and a jacket.
Now I have clothes to go with the Mongolian.
Explain why you had to come up to Sacramento this time.
This time?
Last time was for donuts.
Last time was for donuts.
This time, I was on a quest to get a pair of pants at Express that I absolutely adore.
I called every single Express in Northern California.
Only one had them in the right size, and it was here in Sacramento.
well hey i have a really good excuse to come up here
we're kicking around the idea anyway
middle-term just happened
we had to inform everyone that yes
and finally dropping it and i don't know what you're going to come up here
now waiting to see the video that's why can't wait for
there
three-minute video i think it's not just a three minutes
uh...
here comes rosie in jamaal
but on it
it's a wrestling video
But if you go on DDR Freak and the Miggle Attorney thread, there is a link to a three-minute video on there that has some highlights from the Miggle Attorney until the actual videos come up.
But I haven't been able to finish downloading it myself, considering my computer crashed IE in the middle of it, so...
They're giving a link in the chat room. If you want to get that three-minute video, it's at evil.fukuk.org.
And fukuk is spelled, by the way, F-C-U-K. I don't think that has anything to do with French Connection.
an independent side of that. I think frenchconnections is fcuk.com. I have a fkuk shirt, fkuk games.
I wear that to all the tournaments. I've seen that. Yeah. I didn't even. Oh yes. And anyone
who downloaded the video, I make a brief one half second appearance in it. Nice. What are
you doing? Are you talking? No, no, I'm like watching Cory play Drummania. Right on, right
And then there's also, you can download it from oralseh.cx, oralseh.cx is another site
you can get it.
And everybody's sharing when they appear in the video.
See, I have to get my computer to actually cooperate and download it without crashing
my browser in the middle of it.
Black Lab is in the chat room saying, I appear in it twice, I'm in it twice.
I guess it must just be a really fast clip kind of thing where it just got everybody
in there.
It's kind of cool, actually.
I only saw half of it.
Were you? Did you spot yourself?
I have not seen myself yet. Well, maybe you're in the second half.
It could be, but... One day we'll bring a video camera in here and we'll do a
quick promo or something.
But probably the greatest cameo we saw in the video that we did see from the tourney
was a
kneeling pad, of all things.
It was a cow kneeling pad. True story. I mean, quick rundown for everyone out there. Sure, sure.
Me and Melody, we were over at Target one night
And then we was just checking out some stuff and then we see, I come by the gardening section, I see these things, they're butterfly knee pads, literally, knee pads with butterflies on them.
And you know, I thought, dude, that must be like the greatest gift we could give at a tourney, like, we should give the worst freestyler, you know, a set of butterfly knee pads and just send them on their way.
But right next to it, we saw a cow kneeling pad, and since one of our friends is big on cows, you know, we thought that'd be cool.
and see that was a kneeling pad, we were already thinking the wrong things with that. So, we
gave the gift to our friend over at the tourney and next thing you know everyone was abusing
it and all sorts of... I think the cow saw more action than anyone else that night. Jamie
just pissed her pants at something here, it just happened. She just read that the local
off land here in Roselle, got a crane game! Explain your obsession with the crane game
for a minute, I'm sorry to change the subject on your melody. First off, Jamie, I'm hiding
my keys from you right now. Yeah, you are not, Jamie has to be rationed on how much
money she can spend on the crane game. I rape the crane games. Now, it's not one of those,
I need to talk to JB for a minute who's telling us about this, it's not one of those shitty
cranes for candy type thing, is it? Cause that, that don't count. Yeah, that doesn't
Give us a quarter so we can give you two cents worth of candy game.
It needs to have the claw.
Who will stay and who will go?
What's the best thing you ever won on a crane game, Jamie?
Well, there was Vegas in January when I won three Clifford dogs, three stuffed robo dogs, and seven bears.
JB says it's shitty stuffed animals.
I am all over shitty stuffed animals.
There's not a crane game unless the animals are shitty. It just doesn't happen that way.
It's always choose the worst looking ugliest piece of crap you see in there and you will get it first try.
Don't make fun of my shitty animals! Damn Mongolians!
The best thing I ever won, and of all places this was at Sviggle, I got Tyrone.
Oh yeah, Tyrone. Tyrone was the best. Where is Tyrone?
Tyrone is currently in lockup with his pussies and bitches.
Tyrone, by the way, and maybe I'll find during the next week I'll find a link to a
picture of Tyrone and put it in the chat room because I know I have one up.
If anybody knows of my secret picture page, it's in there with Sunnyvale
Tournament pictures.
Tyrone is a little stuffed bear that wears like a little
beanie bear.
He's a real beanie bear.
He's a brown bear wearing a deep maroon smoking jacket.
his name literally is Tyrone. He is the coolest bear in the world. He has, he has bitches
thanks to Melody. And he has pussies. You know how hard it is to find little tiny dogs
and just to be wandering around Target saying, wow, I need to get some bitches around here
somewhere and how, especially when you're in the toy section and all the kids are wandering
I was just like, hmm, I need some bitches here.
Um, yeah, could I get a price check on bitches in aisle three?
Attention Kmart shoppers, we have a sale in the bitches department.
Attention all Kmart shoppers, tampons and bitches half off.
Excuse me, do you have any bitches here?
is there a bitch in the house?
remind me to never ever drink water at this show again
i nearly choked up my vanilla coke
yeah we have some
some bitches made a mess on aisle three
can we get the little pink powder
we got a bitch in the line we need a price check on bitches
so easily and he was here today? What's Bimani? I don't care about Bimani anymore. I just
want to talk about Bitch as many times as I can on the show tonight. Bitchmania 2DX.
New Songs Collection. Dude, Bimania. That's what the parents are doing to you while you're
playing the game, you know, and like all their little kids are up there and you're trying
to tell the little kids to get away and the parents come up to you and go, what do you
think you're doing? Why is it not your game? You don't want to hear it? It's not their
game either. Bitchmania, I know it's not their game either. Jamie is excellent at playing
Bitchmania with the parents. It's like, what am I doing? I'm trying to keep your kid from
getting killed that's what I'm doing did I had a chance to do it on Wednesday
night I didn't tell you about that just another stupid stupid you know mom
letting her child run rampant on the thing and I was like you need to control
your little you know spawn there you actually referred to the child as spawn
no I said their child but I was think well there was also the incident with
the giggling idiots oh yeah if you ever seen the clerks cartoon yeah and the two
giggling girls
that's like what these chicks are like you know
sitting over
over uh... at the little tables and i was watching uh...
i think
who was this playing para para i think it was uh...
sydney that was playing
playing um...
para para
but they were like
i was wearing okay i don't know if anyone watches digi kart but i had a black
gamagemadon hat
with the little pointy horns on it
one of them came over and says, I like how you go, thank you, until she walks off. And
then they like pointed to the African that was on my purse and goes, and one of them
came over and I was like, she's like, would you eat your dog? Go away. No, no, no, tell
me, would you eat your dog? Go away. Why won't you tell me? Do I have to have you removed?
And she left.
No, I wanted them all dead.
You wanted to kill them all.
You know what this is kind of turning into here, I think?
I think we need to get into this.
I think we need to get into the FU of the week.
The fuck yous of the week.
Let's have at it, shall we?
Do you have another one you want to start us off with, Jamie?
I'm sure I can think of one.
Because I've been getting a lot in the chat room that I can talk about.
I don't really have one myself, but let's hear it, Jamie.
Let's hear your FU of the week.
My first one of course goes towards those, you know, crappy, giggling, stupid, moron,
stupid fucks that Rizzo got there.
My other fuck you of the week goes towards idiots in general because I hate them.
Especially idiots...
What?
That's rather vague in general, but I kind of like it.
Well, no, there's the people who will fall for just about anything that you put in front
of them.
narrow down this level of idiocy to cheat, to the people who will blindly follow one
voice and think that they are who all end all. There's nothing wrong with fanboys and
fangirls. There's a thing with people who are fanboys and fangirls to the exception
of all else, who will take anything that they hear on TV, anything on the radio, by the
they do everything I say, anything that they read and acts like it is, you know, the absolute
scripture that they need to live their lives by. Oh my God, I must buy this thing for the
sake of my American pride. Oh my God, orange is the new red. Exactly. You ever saw Josie
and the Pussycats, one of the rudest ever? But that is exactly the thing that I, and
I think there's some people who think,
oh well, you know, my life isn't very important,
so I'm gonna make up something really stupid so I can get on CNN.
But no, I'm not talking about, you know, about...
Oh my god, I'm gonna tell a waitress at Shoney's that my van has a bomb in it
and I'm gonna go blow something up.
Oh my god!
Boy, that killed the conversation, didn't it?
Anybody else in here? Oh, are you done with your...?
No, I just don't like stupid people.
Okay, any other rants you have?
Alright, then we've got, we've got Loki's got his rant, let's hear it, Loki.
Alright, my first FU of the Week goes to, uh, the new version of DWI, which I'll go over that later.
Yes.
But that thing didn't work again.
Not much of a surprise, they just can't program it right for some reason.
I guess it's just incompatible with my computer.
Uh, my second FU of the Week would have to go to...
By the way, Loki, happy birthday.
Yes, actually.
little your little party you had last night was quite quite nice thank you for
reminding me that's my second nephew of the week is to 9-11 god damn it I had
that birthday 21 years before that it's not fair everyone's like everyone's like
oh your birthday's on 9-11 I'm sorry I'm not fuck you
yeah so pretty much every year from now on everyone at my work and all that stuff
They actually forget my birthday because of 9-11 and the new version of D.W.I.
moment of political uncorrectness.
Speaking of political uncorrectness.
Or correctness or whatever.
My music please.
I have a request for my song since you know
if that Drop the Bomb doesn't really work with
9-11, maybe you can change it to
Crash. Anyway,
you have to save me a few of the weeks.
My other one
is also directed in
a similar fashion toward
the whole 9-11 thing.
and for people who saw my big rent my life journal
it's actually directed toward consumerism in general
right in the consumer or and how
this goes toward all those people who are trying to make as you know quick
bucks off a tragedy
like you
thank you thank you thank you go to hell and die there
and um... you know just after that
they needed a holiday
it's now patriots day
no longer will it be called nine eleven that's not like the greatest sale at
JCPenney's
Patriot's Day sale! Yay!
But that's awesome, because I get that day off every year, hopefully.
Any other FUs on anything in general?
Aw, Melby's got one.
I don't have Mel music, but I'll find Mel music really fast. Let's see, Mel music, Mel music.
What would work for Mel music? Let's try...
uh...
i will
excellent choice my man, anyway i got one big f you actually
not just one person, not even out there, it's a whole damn city
it's the city of milpitas
i don't know most of you who have been out there in a while but
apparently there was a problem about a month ago
yeah a month and a half, two months ago
or apparently a pipe that was a pump to pull from the site.
Here, since I know the story, there's a saltwater pond apparently on the edge of Lopeda in San Jose.
And it has lots of, it's like 650 acres, it's huge.
And it's got lots of nice little organisms and crap in it, and the pump broke.
And it's been very warm in the area, and lots of nice little organisms and stuff in there.
Ha ha! Smells like poopy!
Um, try, like, bad sushi. Constantly.
Really horrible. It just smells all day long.
That feels so bad for people who work at-
Like, worse than the sushi place at the Metreon?
I'm just kidding. I'd never heard that before.
Yeah, seriously, I mean-
I'm trying to think of an easy place to knock.
I feel so bad for people who work at Dave & Buster's. They gotta sit out there all day long and inhale this and they just get headaches.
You gotta wonder though, because I've been to Illuminations, the candle store, and I've asked the chicks that work there,
doesn't it get annoying after a while smelling like candle, and they say they get used to it.
So you gotta wonder if Dave & Buster's people get used to the raw sushi smell.
I actually, since I'm the nice person that I am, I actually talk to the doormat when I go in at Dave & Buster's.
how the hell do you live with this smell you know we get headaches all the time
we can't stand it they actually still smell it believe me i will run from my
car to the door and get in as fast as i can
mel and i wear milk is getting gas he opened the window to my car i started
screaming at him shut the damn window it's gonna smell like fucking fish in
here
but yeah so in general fucking milk pitas
uh...
i can't even continue
uh...
all right now we've got to get to the at least that we can the chat room is
turning off the long segment every week but ok
whatever will be pulled up to you
it's that the people's choice the people's at the old
uh... let's uh... go to be a piece of the chat
uh... when says
uh... if you to windows exp because it's crashed on again and it's making the
format is drive again this week
and ten society
so-called kick says his nephew the week is child proof safety caps
it took them seven tries to open the new bottle of pills that he got today in a
new bottle
out
the telephone
yep
that's a crack put it back
Uh, DCB has a Fuck You of the Week, and he says it's to his parents.
Typical T-Necks there,
for not letting him buy 2DX because it's too expensive.
So now he's stuck with a 2DX controller and nothing to play except for five key games,
which get boring fast.
I recommend Sixth and Core, because it's almost just like 2DX.
When I was your age, we didn't have this media stuff.
We had to play on the power pad.
It was Power Club, and all we had was Excitebike and Gyromite.
attorney, thusly getting him in deep shit with the parents.
Fuck Denny's.
Oh.
Eda Karras.
Loki's got a, Loki's got an F.U. the week right behind him.
Well, speaking of Denny's, uh, I don't know what it is about Denny's, but every time I
go in there, they have to do one of two things, either A, forget something I ordered, or B,
make fun of my shirt, because normally I have, normally I have a shirt on there, and it'll
have like a phrase.
One time I had one that said, I hear voices and they don't like it.
Do you really hear voices?
Why don't you like me?
I hear one really annoying voice right now. Cram it!
So, F you to Denny's, because they suck.
Alright, fair enough. Carole's better anyway.
If you ever go to the Carole's in Roseville, ask for Mary Lou, she's sweetie.
Yes she is, and tip her well.
Three more, three more F you's.
23rd Magus says, oh, he wants two.
he says a continued fuck you to boom PlayStation, oh PlayStation 2 USB
converters, those controller converters, and also a good sized FU to the player
one keys on RVGL's hip-hop mania. You know what I would have to second that
except the way that I play I really don't have an issue with it.
Joe mama says FU from school for being morons they gave him three detentions
for nothing
i somehow wonder if he really did nothing
well i was only late a couple times that's not that
i don't know what we got to know what do you really do it
i really didn't think that i was bad
yeah i really didn't anybody
jay-b says f you to carol's for being slow
f you jay-b
No, we have to add IHOP to that list because we had some slow-ass service there after making it all the other day.
Joe Mama got detention because he quote-unquote missed a class.
Oh yeah, and furthermore, from all I know, that's just stupid.
Did he miss a class because he was out back smoking pot or what?
I don't know, but to continue that IHOP thought, I'm just thinking that's just four reasons why we've got to have a rockfish and waffles up in NorCal.
Please.
A chicken and waffle!
into that you know what yes and that's it just one day come to my house I will
make you French toast because I will like that it's just not the same they
add crack to their chicken and waffles I'm talking about I hopping caros and
Denny's in those crappy places sorry we are we have to take this show down to
SoCal sometime. We're going to tape a show in SoCal at some point, somehow.
A.I. Chip, anyone?
Do you guys want to take our recorder? If you guys live close by, I'd let you take the recorder and tape fun stuff.
Well, we're going to A.I. for a while, but I don't know if we're going to see anyone entertaining. We could take it on rides at Disneyland and start screaming randomly or something.
You know, cause
now I'm thinking of how I could make this work. I might be able to let you guys borrow the
remote unit for a while if you guys want to tape your adventures. Unfortunately, they won't let
quarters or anything if the price is right.
Well, I mean the rest of your vendors, you could go to AI or whatever.
Oh, we're going to AI.
A live review of Marshall B.
A live review of Marshall B. complete with punching and sweating and all that good schman.
And everybody was kung fu fighting.
And everybody was kung fu fighting.
And the moment in my head was kick punch.
Well actually we should do a review for punch mania, they have it at Florin now.
That's what I hear is that Florin Mall here in Sacramento got punch mania.
That's the fist of the north star one.
The fist of the north star one, yep.
ass fucking mall got punch mania so the gang members can train I drove by there
that place was scary it is very scary and desolate looking but they have pump
it up you have pump it up ooh pump it up with me bounce with me bounce with me
down yeah yes oh speaking of what a lot oh I see you're telling me to do a
segue okay yes let's do this segue this is something we've actually talked about
about on the show before, but this is interesting.
I find this interesting only because this is a story
that is actually posted on Konami's site in the UK.
This is Konami Amusement of Europe.
This is their stance on the Konami versus Anamiro,
which is the company that makes Pump It Up.
This is their words on that whole lawsuit,
and this is why it's interesting.
This is the first, I think this is the first real comment
I've seen from Konami on this whole thing,
so let's read this, shall we?
This is from Konami's site.
It says, Konami's legal eagles
have always had their hands full defending Dance Dance Revolution's genre, spawning style
from being copied all over the world, but this latest attempt by company Andamaro, they
call it Andamaro, has evened them slightly taken aback.
This time it appears the Korean company's strategy was to claim they actually invented
DDR in the first place, despite the fact it took them almost two years to make their complaint.
It's kind of interesting because they're kind of taking jabs then to Miro, which you don't
usually see in company press releases, but of course in Europe everything's tabloid.
It's all about, you know, at least from what I've seen.
The parties have been involved in legal disputes since then in front of the Korean and the
U.S. courts.
Now that's interesting because I don't think we've ever heard before that this thing's
been in the U.S. courts, but this says it has.
Onomiro started manufacturing and distributing Pump It Up Dance Simulation Game, which was
very similar to Konami's Dance Dance Revolution during September 1999.
Konami filed a complaint with the Seoul District Court seeking an injunction against the production
of Pump It Up as it integrated Konami's design, right, and violated unfair competition law.
The court favored Konami's claim in June of 2001, but Andamuro appealed to the Seoul High
Court, that would be in Korea.
Then in August of 2000, Andamuro filed a complaint against Konami seeking an injunction to the
distribution of Dance Dance Revolution in the United States.
The reason was that Konami infringed the patent and Amuro had been assigned from a third party
in the U.S.
The case was scheduled for jury trial this month.
So interesting.
And Amuro filed a complaint against Konami seeking an injunction against the distribution
of Dance's Revolution in the United States.
No U.S. mixes lately.
Hmm.
However, at the last minute, and Amuro made a snap proposal to settle the dispute via
negotiations and it has been confirmed that and Amuro would respect Konami's intellectual
property rights and pay a settlement fee for their use. As a result, both parties agreed
to withdraw the lawsuits in Korea and the U.S.
So that opens the door.
Yep. So that's that. That's an official word from Konami of the U.K. And it says some very
interesting things in there that we might not have known before. Anybody want to comment
on this story? Have anything to say about it? Yes, Loki.
Does that mean we're going to see some U.S. pump-it-up machines?
I think Pump It Up's already kind of been distributed in the U.S.
I mean, I'm going to say, you seem to know about this, Mal, you know, if Animuro's kind of localized in the U.S.
I know they've kind of been hawking the machines to U.S. arcades,
but of course there's companies out there that hawk the Macs too, like, to U.S. arcades too, so I don't know if Animuro's necessarily
launched in the U.S., but...
Well, it has been targeted in the U.S. for a while. I mean, like, if you went to...
I forget what the major arcade, uh,
arcade game convention is in Vegas.
Not E3, definitely.
I think the arcade, yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, well yeah, Pump It Up was being demonstrated out there.
So I think it was starting with the Premiere mix, the international one.
The one that had like Britney songs and you know, Bye Bye Bye and all that stuff.
That was targeted for the U.S. and that's why you started seeing it streaming in places like D&B or other types of arcades.
And that's pretty much, and then they had Premiere 2 recently and that's been a big U.S. distribution type thing.
Pretty much, I remember talking to Jason Nenos about a year ago when I did a big interview for DDR Spot.
Right, I remember reading that.
And kind of off the record, we were talking about, well, how come you would never see economics or anything in arcade yet?
He had told us, basically, it would have been a really bad move to put out, like during this whole lawsuit, to put out a new US mix.
So, Andy Merrill would be saying, you know, what kind of strategy is that?
you're being sued for something and you're already putting out a new arcade mix, that's
not right. It wouldn't look good.
Right. But now this kind of opens the door here, it looks like, sounds like, so who knows
what might happen.
Yeah, I'm guessing probably someone else is going to distribute the Konami game since,
yeah, I guess Konami shut down its coin-oppa division.
Oh yeah, I think it's a given somebody's going to step in and fill in that void and we'll
see something coming from Konami in the near future.
Possibly.
Well see, maybe in the future we can get Jason on this show. We've got to work on that. We've got to try and smooth him to get him on this program at some point.
Well, I've got pretty good, you know, friends with him that are going to talk to us on the spot right now while we're going through our new workouts and launches.
I was about to ask, what's going on? Do you want to update us on DDR Spot? I keep forgetting you're a major part of the DDR Spot group, so do you want to say any plugs for DDR Spot? What's going on there?
Yeah, our site is down for more maybe because we're going for a new launch right now
We're basically tweaking a few things on the back end. We're targeting something to probably late this week
We're about to launch everything. It's going to have a new look new feel
Oh
It's gonna have quite a few new goodies and a lot of things that haven't been there before and haven't been on really on any
Other GDR sites one thing I have to ask you can say no comment if you want forums
And try that again. Uh, we're looking at something alternate to forums actually, okay, I
I don't know if I'm necessarily at liberty to say it right now, but I will say there will be a way you can interact with all members without having forums.
There's a way to interact one-on-one with either the members, the lurkers, or with the staff itself.
Alright, don't want to get you in trouble, so we'll just say tune in to win. Wow.
Alright, so ddrspot.com coming back very soon, keep an eye on it. I'm sure they'll announce that everywhere.
We'll mention it on this show for sure once we see this back up.
Yeah, wonderful, and maybe we'll have the staff here sometime as well, too.
Instant Love. It was basically a training stage in Beatmania 3. Now, you're gonna hear
a lot of the talking from DJ Konami telling you how to play Beatmania, but concentrate
on the background. You'll actually hear the lyrics for Let the Move being sung by a guy,
and it's actually good. Alright, we'll see. And there's no, Let the Move, that's not in
this at all. So what I'm gonna try to do is actually find, I believe it's DJ, oh shit,
I'm going to try to find his CD. I think he actually put out a CD because I was visiting his website, and we're trying to find that, import it, and maybe there will be a clean version of Instant Love we can listen to, but I have no guarantees on that.
But just listen to the background.
Okay, so this is the one time we're going to make an exception and actually play Let Them Move, because this is a good version.
Yeah, just try not to be annoyed by DJ Konami telling you how to play Beatmania, but just listen to the background and...
For any of the old-school hip-hop heads, I think DJ Kanami looks straight up like a broke-ass
that five freddy
yeah
after that uh... jamie has a special request for song you wanna give a little
background about the fast well for anyone who's ever played in the of the
ddr club mixes uh... you might remember i think the flow jack
by inflow
this is the mister drunk remix
who i like anything with or drunk in it
my favorite version of the phone ever
all right so we're gonna hear those right now here on the orange lounge
radio
Hey everyone, this is DJ Konami!
I know you all know beatmania, but I wanna go back and teach you the basics.
Listen carefully and try to follow.
The object will come down from the top.
When it hits the red line, push the button.
When it hits the red line, turn the table.
You get it? Alright, let's practice.
First, hit the white keys.
Now, hit the black keys.
Okay! Now a combination of both white and black keys!
Easy, huh?
Alright, let's go on to the Scratch Game!
When the objects reach the red line, Scratch!
With a fact note, the technique is to Scratch fast!
Now it's all the keys and the turntable.
It's hard, but you can do it!
Okay, effector time!
And here's the spec of the new BeatMania!
Look, way below, do you see the foot switch?
That's the effect on and on switch.
With this trimmer, you can choose your effect.
I'll show you, so trim with me, alright?
Hey, did you hear the variety of effects?
With this trimmer, you can change the strength and the depth of the effect.
This powerful sound system's whooping, everybody!
Ha!
All right, gotta go!
Knock me out with your fabulous sounds on this very little version of the speed mania!
Ladies and Gentlemen.
LADIES AND JUTTURES
I GOTTA GO FLIGHT FINGERS
Tell me that tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta get through to you
Show me that tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta make that move
Ain't nothin' more, won't go so slow
It's nothin' I gotta do
Ain't nothin' more, won't go so slow
I gotta get through you
Many midnight runs, sometimes I feel so blue
I passed 100 like I never knew
I close my eyes, pretend that you are here
Oh, yeah. Let me feel the workflow till you disappear.
Ohh yeah.
I established order in this sector, guardian angel reflect the light, lyrically I own the mic.
You slept the devil take the put, you established order in this sector, guardian angel reflect the light, lyrically I own the mic.
You established order in this sector, guardian angel reflect the light, lyrically I own the mic.
You established order in this sector, guardian angel reflect the light, lyrically I own the mic.
I left the devil tape that I threw at your order in this sector
Guardian angel reflect the light lyrically I own the mic
You slept the devil tape that you ejected
Want you, return you want to
Hang with the one you dissed before and slam the presently
And conjure up some hallucination
Identify them stations where my vocals heard
Count the total verbs, be flippin' at the local words
My destiny, separate a to leave
Forget Maybelline, I got no babies
One of my shows, then your nose without antihistamine
I'm in the future, emcees who misdemean as left to be
History's a hoocha, think you spittin' at
Think you spittin' at, I represent a different map
Hip-hop diplomat, I've already seen a tip of that
D.R.I.D., yeah, I'm original flowjack
God glorify it, for the spiritual elitist crack
Remain anonymous, my lyrics sound pitch astronomer
Ear-tied apparel, third commandment before I die
When you know tomorrow won't come so soon
I gotta get through to you, fool
When you know tomorrow won't come so soon
I gotta make that move
When you know tomorrow won't come so soon
It's not that I've got to do
You know tomorrow won't come so soon
I gotta get through you
I've been wondering what's gotten into me
Those sweet words are hard to believe
Stop playing games and let me let you know
It ain't just what you show by why you show this
This world will flow like there's no tomorrow
I pastelate any track or verbiage I extract
Expect a less for maxi, mums and cats be done with this illness
I contract, I commit to act of subtraction
A whack run, even snatch crumbs are financially bad munch
You be messing with the rare specimen
Whose vision is a danger?
Just get your action and tangent off the track while I be ever changing
You wonder where all these thoughts come from
Verbal, the mind-toucher, fallin' for you like point on
As I mime it, like it was vomit profusely
Fart on the language, not excuse me
As I enter my archives, I choose these methods
But wish to carry out, whether by land or aerial
Cause this kid cannot be stereo, talk out with brothers that marry him
Right for harvest, new jack, but not a novice
Caught as a hip-hop fan, blowin' away emcees like artists
I promise, I ain't your average artist
My thought is, look into God's redirection
And not the goddesses
When you are not lazy, use this reality
Believe and care will set you free, yeah
One can be sold on my own
Two problems, three divides
Two endless issues, every so often
How'd you know?
Tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta get through to you
Tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta make that move
Tomorrow won't go so soon
It's something I've gotta do
Tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta get through you
And yo, you know how we do, it's C that either on the B-A-L
So don't represent the meteorite, no proof, you know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, right around now, DJ Hoori's in the mix, keeping you in constant suspense
Yo, you said Junin in the sound of SAKURES, you know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, and it goes a little somethin' like this, yo
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Just go up the street and take a left.
No, anyway, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Will you be my neighbor?
Won't you be my neighbor?
Didn't that guy retire finally?
meow meow what? at least he didn't die but
I'd say he didn't die that's not an o thing that's an oh good thing
but eventually he is and you just brought up that thought in my head
we're all gonna... Melanie I'm sorry but we're all gonna die
everyone's still traumatized captain kangaroo is gone so
I mean we're mister green jeans I mean
I know people still coming up to me asking where the heck he is
no mister rogers did not die he's not dead yet someone on sesame street really recently
I think the guy who played Gordon, I think he just died very recently.
Not Linda the Death Lady, I hope. She was my favorite.
Gordon died? Why is it always the brother that always got to get killed first?
Another instance of a man keeping you down.
You can address those cards and letters to Mel B.
Remember, if you want the proof, go to BurtIsEvil.com
Yes, it exists.
Oh, they're reminding us about the HIV-positive Muffet.
Little Miss Muffet! Dad on a tuffet!
Little Miss Muffet!
It actually has HIV!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was very bad of me.
Well, Little Miss Muffet should be choosy on which tuffet she's sitting on now, shouldn't she?
She can't just sit on any tuffet just walks down the street and treats her to a nice dinner
And who knows how many seats have been on that tuffet?
She should have had that tuffet tested. She's learned how to squat on that tuffet.
I'm sorry
Oh, shit, we all need to breathe. I think I've actually attempted to play a song.
Well, now that the show has grown to a complete double halt.
DJ Konami, which is actually DCB under a new name, wants to warn you all that goat say
sat on that tuffet.
For those who don't know goat say all I have to say, that's goat say. That was me bending
over and pretending.
I don't want to... keep your ass on the chair. You just sit on your tuffet there.
Keep your tuffets to yourself, bitch.
Yeah, yes. Where were we?
Tuffets.
AIDS. Something about... no, anyway.
The Muppet with HIV.
Oh yeah, the Muppet with HIV.
I actually have a healing vision AIDS mix. HIV mix.
What? That sounds very politically incorrect.
Oh yeah, it says this DWI will give you AIDS, and it's just a really crappy remix of Healing Vision and Max 300.
They purposely made it bad and made the SEV file impossible just because they're frustrated with all the remixes, so...
Oh, they just, they don't like the Healing Vision remixes, so they just want...
They just don't like any of the remixes, so they just got pissed off and made, you know, HIV mix.
Okay.
Riiiiight.
Riiiiight.
We've got to give our cams taking too long to adjust, so I'm going to restart that cam.
But what I'm actually going to do now, I think now's a good time in the show, let's play
those interviews that Jamie got from last week.
How's that sound?
Yay.
Now, I haven't even listened to these at all myself yet, so we're going to be hearing these
live.
If anyone wants to comment, just raise your hand and I'll pause it and we can make a comment.
Okay, well first of all- Yeah, you've got to demo the-
I've recorded over old interviews, so I'm really not sure exactly, and I think I had
the pause button off.
I trimmed it up.
I trimmed it up, so everything should be okay.
You have to explain why you sound really stone in the thing.
I think I was like going on four hours of sleep,
and I was really tired, and then I
was traumatized by Stepping State.
OK, so Stepping State did this to you.
So if you have any questions, OK, there.
The cam should be better now, so.
I sound really retarded.
Oops, wait.
Actually, you're going to see an old picture
on the camera real fast.
It'll probably update soon, so just sit tight.
Cam's working.
OK, let's play these interviews, all right?
This is the Orange Challenge Interviews for Sunday, September 7th, 8th, 8th, 8th, 8th.
Just remember, stepping stage. It's all about stepping stage.
I was so tired.
This is the first of the interviews for Orange Challenge Radio, which, you know, we had the battery case off of the recorder, so it's kind of messed up.
so we're gonna go ahead and try this again so go ahead and do over you know
once again we have someone who's no stranger to orange lounge interviews so
go ahead and state your info kon kiyoki see you step squad family second
interview for orange lounge and completely sober this time yes that's
necessarily a good thing is it no not really I actually have Jenny here who
gave me my email gave me her he's sober but the question is were you yes okay
just checking on my arm when I was drunk she claimed she didn't draw me but my
hand was a little hazy you had a comment on that I was in the one who drew the
squid on the back of your forehead I mean I drew the eyes on the back of your
neck I remember that people are still wondering what the hell that was who
Who was it that beat you over the head with my bat, anyway?
I was wrong, Kitty. She did not make it today, but she's here in spirit.
Ah, yes.
So, um, go ahead and, uh, you know, give your daily recap for our, uh, fun event today with our first step squad and et cetera.
Hmm. Well, let me see.
Considering I was probably the first one up at six in the morning, lack of sleep, next thing to being high, uh, we, me and Jay actually had to clean up the house a little bit.
But then after that, 12 o'clock rolls around, Step Squad, RTF, and Otaku Outpost rolled out to the Holiday Bowl.
From there, good times. We actually rigged the machine, so the last round, everyone got a strike.
That was cool, but it's something they shut everything off on?
Yes.
Yeah, they ran out of pins. So everyone who bowled rolled a strike.
On the last one.
Is that like the most ghetto bowling alley around that they actually ran out of pins?
It's super ghetto.
Scott's stepping stage, I think there's nothing that can go lower than that.
They want a clarification as to what exactly this event is that you were at.
Basically we had Cece down visiting from SoCal and we had Liz visit, well she lives in California but she was going to school
in Washington State. So they were both in town and we had a big gathering. I think it
started off as just step squad, but it grew. Okay. Guys. I wasn't bowling so I really wouldn't
care about that, but that sucked. I would have loved to see the picture of everyone
last frame, triple strike each. They should have done that for ours because mine were
just like, oh, we're bowling and I sucked. My score sucked. Well, maybe. Well, the thing
They ran out of time, so, yeah.
Oh, well, I can't score anyway.
Sniff.
Anyway, we have another couple people with us, so, yes, you.
So go ahead and state your name, everything, for our lovely, brilliant listeners.
Hi, I'm Hattori Hanzo, and I'm...
Yes, Mel, very fast.
There's just nothing like buttoning up your listeners to brighten your day.
Those lovely, wonderful people out there that we adore.
Well, we do love our listeners.
It's one thing to love your listeners. It's another thing to love your listeners.
They're brilliant to you.
Mel B just sent sloppy, wet kisses to you all.
Soda right now, and I'm feeling all right.
And I see that as a Valencia orange soda.
It is, and it's very good. You should try one.
Is it your tasty beverage?
Well, since, you know, there aren't no other beverages to choose from, I think I'll just stick with the orange soda.
That was the sound of a whap on the head.
So, um, go ahead and then if you'll state your name and everything for both of us.
Jamie, quick, there's a whap on your head.
By the way, I need to explain. We were sitting outside in the backyard in lawn chairs, just lounging, going, I'm tired.
With a 40?
I'm tired too.
With a 40?
I didn't have 40.
Oh.
But, you know, Hanzo had orange soda.
Was it 40?
I had milk tea.
No, it was more like a 16 ounce.
If you want to.
Hello, my name is Jin.
Ever, I'm not male. I'm a female.
That was weird. The tape did a funny thing there.
The guy with the watch.
Yes, don't you know Cyberbots is Capcom's number one game?
I don't know.
Is it?
I'm a fighter reference. Thank you.
What happened there?
Hey, excuse me. This is coming from the person who had the screen.
I made a reference that said, don't you know, Cyberbots is Capcom's number one game.
one game, and people got the reference. Who plays Puzzle Fighter? Me. Who plays Devilot?
Me. Devilot Super 8. Yes, that was one of my old AOL names. I smell the D9, like, 3rd
mix Korean gates, you know? You got the failed screen, like, what Mel B has on his signature.
Uh oh! Care to comment? Care to comment? Oh, run that by me again. Here we go, let's hear
I smell a de-night like 3rd Mix Korean Gates, you know?
You got the failed screen like what Mel B has on his signature.
He doesn't have that anymore.
Any comment?
Hey man, what can I say? The world revolves around me.
You can take anything in the world, you can take six steps and it comes back to you.
Oh, like Kevin Bacon?
Yeah, but kosher.
I think after Disney tourney everyone thinks the B stands for bling.
The gate was the best thing ever, I'm not kidding, it's a clank and you know your
thread is locked.
So does anyone have any comments for listeners, anything?
Yeah.
Conzo, keep talking your shit.
I'm going to jack you like I jacked that ice cream truck earlier with Jay Kinetic.
I missed that.
I don't want to know how you're going to jack Conzo.
There's pictures.
Gary from RTF has them.
Yes.
I just have to say that half of everybody who was in that house did go and hump the
ice cream man.
Explain now.
I didn't even go out there. I was like, oh, I have milk tea and 2DX, I'm happy.
So I didn't even go out there.
You didn't hump the ice cream in?
No! I had 2DX.
I fear. I fear. Greatly.
I don't know what the hell this idiot's talking about.
You were doing the solar run when we did it.
Yeah, you weren't here. Everybody ran outside and decided to rape the ice cream man.
Then what does that have to do with me?
You missed it. You didn't get to join in on the fun.
I was, you got here.
The black sheep. He was the one that was left out.
You're just saying that because I'm black.
Why make me cornhole your hair, damn it.
And this is the love of Step Squad here, and he loves it.
This is a comment from the chat room right now, mmm, raping and ice cream.
I hope not.
We have this on tape.
This is the real world, Step Squad edition.
On a closing note, Jamie, I'm waiting for Jay's birthday so we can roll up to Sacramento
We're having rum jello.
It's a nice little room. It's a breeze.
How? He doesn't have...
Look at it!
What was that?
Run away!
We have another absentee. Well, you heard it here first on Orange Odd Radio.
That was weird.
What did you get when you get sleep deprived people?
I should have deleted out the silence, but I didn't.
This is the second interview for Orange Lounge Radio, and go ahead and state your name, no
nickname.
I had someone come about to fall asleep.
I had actually taken a nap outside.
This is Jamie doing NPR Orange Lounge, that's what this is, this is the NPR edition of Orange
I had already taken like a ten minute nap outside in one of the lawn chairs.
A ten whole minutes?
A little idea for our listeners.
Oh Liz, I usually go by San Toki on message boards and such.
And you're visiting from where?
Oh actually I live in California but I'm on summer vacation from school in Seattle.
And you've been with Step Squad for how long?
Since March of 2001.
Before there was DDR, well before it was all over the place anyway, I guess.
That's been like four years at least.
It has to be more than that because I was living in Alabama when I first knew you online.
Oh my God, memories.
So do you have any words to say for listeners?
What's your DDR experience?
My DDR experience isn't really that much. I used to just play for fun, but I haven't
actually been on a machine in a year or so. I usually play for fun when friends are around.
I haven't competed in tournaments or anything. Do you have any other favorite games?
No, not really. Usually puzzle games, actually. Do you have any final words for the listeners?
No, not really. Sorry.
Go to college. All of you. You're illiterate.
Get an education because it's very important.
You can't spend your whole life playing games.
I can.
That was the last interview.
What's all this stuff?
Just leftovers.
Is there anything in here?
Yeah, no, this is everyone trying to say goodbye.
Goodbye, ladies.
It was nice meeting you.
Yeah, this is the goodbye, so yeah.
That was absolutely cool.
Hi, Orange Lounge.
Uh, yeah, Sapporo was good, and Orange Lounge kicks ass and you should listen to it.
Uh, SSF, RTF, uh, uh, Mountain Mics, A.S.S., and fucking Ozzy.
Dude, don't stop.
All I have to say is, if Orange Lounge starts playing Fosse, I'd have to hurt someone.
That will not happen.
Thank the gods.
There is a god.
Hello Orange Lounge Radio! Play more Orange Lounge songs, like every day, all the time.
Yeah, we do.
Yes!
Oh, and that brings an end to Jamie's interviews.
Very random, but very cool. Thank you for getting that for us, Jamie.
You're welcome.
We appreciate it.
I took a nice long nap, but I got home.
She's okay now. If you're worried about Jamie, she's eating a couple donuts, she's got the sugar back in her, she's okay now.
It's too bad I didn't record Jessica and I singing absolute on the way home.
We were in full katimu style.
I was singing a little bit of Summer Vacation there when somebody on one of the tapes there mentioned Summer Vacation.
I've got a great career in radio ahead of me, don't I?
Rob is very edumacated.
I dropped out of college, look at me now, I'm a star!
So smart, SMRT.
Team smart, SMRT for life, yo!
Hooked on phonics, worked for Rob.
Hey, SMRT, let me think, Sacramento Metro Office Radio Talent, there we go, Sacramento
Metro Office Radio Talent, smart.
SMRT.
He's a real fart-spiller, I mean, fart-filler.
Oh boy.
We've got an...
Dad!
Yes, I mean...
Happy birthday, Brad.
Brad, come here. Come here. Hold on, we're going to get to that in a minute. Who wants
to give Brad his birthday spankings? Irene, let's administer those birthday spankings,
you're on air. Bend over baby. And close your eyes, it might hurt a little bit. Beep, beep,
Why are we doing this again?
Because it's great radio, alright.
Ready?
Here we go.
And number?
Yes, he's 21.
Is that all please?
Okay, here we go.
One.
Two.
One.
One.
Oh, why? Why me? Oh, God, no.
What?
You like it at home.
Yeah, I don't get it. You like it at home.
We had a group in there.
I thought we were at 21 by now.
No, there are 40 left.
Okay, okay.
There's like a bunch to grow on.
And one million to grow on.
All right, all right, all right.
I think Brad's starting to like this.
I was so close. I was.
You can stop grabbing me yet.
She'll spank the monkey later.
Papadopoulos magazine, weren't those the neighbors on Three's Company?
No, it was Webster.
The Papadopoulos lie.
This show's never going to get on track, I'm sorry.
I'm trying to find an actual Polteri song to play in the background.
Oh, I found one, yay.
We have an interview with Polteri, yes, and this is about life in Japan.
Yes, for those who don't know, Paula Terry, she's the singer that likes to torture us
all in her DDR music.
She can't hold a key!
Let's hear, uh, where are you from, Paula Terry?
Sydney, Australia.
You want to be, do you want to be Paula's voice?
Oh, you're going to do, oh, okay.
Loki's going to do Paula's voice, and we're going to have, like, a simulated interview
here.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, wait, wait, what am I reading?
We're going to be right here.
You're going to be reading the non-bold stuff.
I'll do the bold stuff.
So Paula, where are you from?
Sydney, Australia.
And what brought you to Japan?
When I was in Sydney, I had friends who lived here, and at the time I had to travel each.
When I was a child, I lived in France for four years, so at that stage of my life back
in Sydney, I felt I wanted to travel again.
Also, I wanted to know anything about Japan.
I met these girls who had worked holidays in Japan.
worked in clubs, and you come up to them and say, well, you're a singer, they have foreign
singers in these clubs, you can get me a visa and make money, why not work in Japan? So
I went out and took the risk, and I've been here ever since.
Wow, that's really nice, Paula. Okay, now doing Paula's voice, the next question will
be Jamie. Everybody can do Paula's voice on one question, I'll do this. Okay, Jamie, I'm
sorry Paula. How long have you been singing? Well, my mother is an opera singer and my brother
is like a classical guitarist, so I've been in the musical family. I love singing for
being a little girl but I really only started out to learn it when I was 16 and I skipped
a line. No, you got it. And my mother sent me an opera singing teacher. I love opera
Uh, but it wasn't for me. Ew.
When I was twenty, I decided to study jazz singing.
I really love funky jazz music.
Aw, play that funky jazz music, white girl.
I like other funky things, too.
Okay, without doing the voice of Paula, we'll be Mel B.
So, um, how long have you been boinking Naoki?
I'm just kidding. Anyway...
Wherever, baby.
Where do you sing, Paula?
I've got the permanent booking at the Intercontinental Hotel on Tokyo Bay
on Thursdays and Fridays from 7.30 PM to 11 PM.
I sing accompanied by a penis.
They're talking about the toucan.
It's great. We play everything.
Then on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, I play a ginsa at a piano ball,
which is a totally different style, a slightly older audience.
Who's doing Paula's voice next?
I don't know.
Oh, Melody, you pooper.
Okay, we're back to Matt. Okay. What sort of things do you sing, Paula?
My repertoire goes from 30s to the 90s.
I see you've been smoking, Paula.
I have to keep up with the times. Recently everywhere I worked, people were requesting some songs from Titanic.
So I had to buy the CD and learn it. I also sing to carpenters.
But I don't try to imitate the originals. I try to sing them in a different style.
That would be key?
To keep myself interested. I also really sing the standard jazz tunes like Summertime.
You can do that in any number of styles.
Okay. Next, Jamie doing Paula's voice again.
Paula, are you planning to stay in Japan?
Uh...
Right here, yes.
Uh, yeah, uh, I guess.
No.
Yes, I am.
I just finished recording of my first CD!
Which comes out September 2-3.
It's called, uh...
Just Breakaway.
Uh, what's that mean?
So, I'm going to wait around and see how well that does.
I'm very pleased with the difficult smell.
Stay longer and do what I say.
Paula, what do you like about Japan most?
Anything is possible in Japan.
It's an incredible place.
I'll do the next one.
What do you dislike about Japan most?
Waking up with a bit of a hangover, having a bad hair day,
and not being able to blend into the background.
I just can't seem to be inconspicuous. It may be half paranoia, but I often feel that
people are staring at me.
Oh my God, you sounded like Vera, like from In Living Color.
Hi.
I'm so embarrassed.
Paula, do you organize your CDs alphabetically?
Definitely not. I favor the total disorder. They're all in piles on the floor. I have
a drawback full of CDs. I don't play them often, but the ones that I like best are the
ones in the piles.
Are we actually going to do this whole interview here? Let's see if we can find some interesting
questions here. Let's do this one. Okay, it's like a game show. You have to spend the rest
of your life trapped on the Yamanote line. You're allowed to take one book, one CD, and
and one luxury item, what would they be?
First I need tampons!
I need Naoki's hat!
I'd like to record a CD of my favorite songs from Ella Fitzgerald, Carmen McRae, right
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen or experienced in Japan, Polteri?
A lot of weird things have happened to me here, but one thing in particular comes to
mind.
I was told this story by a friend who worked in a hostess club where I was singing.
The hostesses were all blonde-gauging, and they said that there was one man...
WHATEVER!
GO FUCK YOURSELF!
Anyways, so they were saying that there was this one man who used to come in and beg them
to sell a piece of their pubic hair for, well, 10,000 yen per piece, so these girls would
go in and use the toilets and pluck hair out of the heads and rub it until they were curly
and look authentic, and then they would come back and sell it.
Paula, you're so clever!
trying to find its life again.
And another little fun song and we'll be right back
Say, you know you gotta try a little harder
So you can be my, my, my, my darlin'
Smile, a little smile, let's enjoy the moment now
And just have a good time
A good time
Try it, baby, good
A little bit of love and gonna feel so fine
Is it really true to feel the same way too?
And hope we'll be together
Now, you know that I love you
Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
When I'm skating, sinking up
Honey, what we call love
I still won't think of you at first
My family still comes above
If you wanna capture me
It's as simple as can be
Mr. Lemon said it, all you needed
Mr. Line said it, all you needed
Mr. Line said it, all you needed
Love, my love, my love, my love, my love
My love, my love, my love, my love, my love
This is my baby daddy
Who that l Sale?
This is my baby daddy
Who that l Sale?
This is my baby daddy
Who that l Sale?
This is my baby daddy
Who that l Sale?
This is my baby daddy
What?
This is my baby daddy
Who that l Sale?
This is my baby daddy
Who that l Sale?
That's just my baby daddy, he burnin' through my baby's head
She said, your baby daddy was locked up, but why?
The first day y'all was at the mall
You a liar
You a liar? Okay then what is named?
L'O-V-I
Yesterday you said it's named with James and it's the same
It must be your new boyfriend
How come your best friends told me the dude's name was T?
You better get it together cause when you're locked
I'm like Mary, I'm knocked on fire
What you get up and get this dope?
Yo, who that is?
I don't know, hey?
I bet that's just your baby dad
Who that is?
This is my baby daddy
Who that is?
This is my baby dad
Who that is?
Who that is?
Who that is?
Who that is?
Who that is?
Who that is?
What's up, man? You ready to go?
We know we gotta go to the store.
Let's see that's a perfect exactly.
You know you ain't gonna get no pepper.
Well, while you there, get some milk.
If you don't hurry back, I'ma bid a deal.
Oh, baby, you can save the drama.
Let's all finna go and see my baby mama.
Who that is?
In the description below, if you had any view on this...
leave a like and subscribe...
Hello.
There is a regular alphabet soup there at the end, just all these random letters getting
shouted out.
I have no idea what any of them stand for, but I guess that's the beauty of DDR.
That was Megumi.
Ah, okay.
I won't leave.
The DDR community, just one big alphabet soup.
Okay, we were looking at the, somebody wanted to see the statistics for the station during
the break.
We were taking a look, a lot more listeners in Japan recently, so a big hello to our friends
overseas in Japan who started the addiction, and it looks like we're just finishing it
if there's any truth to those rumors that DDR is dying in Japan, but somebody must still
love it over there. I guess 2DX is a very big game over there, still, as well as Guitar
Freaks and Drummania, very big, still, from what we hear. Of course, I guess we don't
really know. But if anybody over there wants to email us, if you can write in English,
because I don't know much Japanese, but if you do send in Japanese...
Many people in Japan know English very well. It's acquired learning, first of all.
if they're going to understand me giving the email address, orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
Give us a holler about what DDR and the Balmani scene is like over there. We'd love to hear
about it. I'm being brought food. Isn't that lovely?
It is beautiful and stunning. Is that all for me or are we sharing it? Oh
my gosh, thank you. Where's for the rest of us? We deserve food
too. Yeah, Ho's got to eat too, like me. So anyways, since you're eating and you're
you're eating. I guess I could do the sim scene update.
Sim update.
Okay. All right. Well, actually, we actually have some new versions of stuff out there.
As you probably remember from my FU message of the week, DWI 203. It's brand new. There
is one feature, though, I absolutely love in it. It's the fact that every time you rebuild
your song list, it exports a HTML file with your entire song list. So now I can actually
update my song list and post it so people can see how many damn songs I actually have,
which is one thousand two hundred and eighteen right now.
The chat room is saying Slinky in the chat room says StepMania Max 3 is coming out tomorrow.
I don't know if that's BS or what, but...
I don't... Why would Slinky lie to us? He loves us. I don't know, but I play... Actually,
though, I have to give props to StepMania because it saved my party last night, because
Since, for some reason, I don't know what it is, but some versions of DWI, they don't work my pads, and they don't work with my visualizations in the background.
So, I had to find something to work with my pads, and luckily I had a beta 6 of StepMania 5, I believe, or 3, or whatever, and it worked, and it worked well. I was very pleased.
So, we played on StepMania all last night, and it was awesome.
Other than that, DDRPC, two new characters have been released.
Our fourth set of new characters, it was Riko...
No Pantsless Rage?
No Pantsless Rage.
No!
No Three Tented Emmys.
It was Riko and...
Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Duck.
Ah, some chick, I don't know.
Riko and some chick.
Riko and his hoe, okay.
So, that was that.
and they have like white hair and look stupid whatever so that's some new stuff
there other than that other than that let's see yeah whatever Sylvia is ho
that's the same thing but um see last night party that was very fun we got
tell us about your little party while I shove chicken strips in my mouth okay
A little party last night for my birthday. I had a little bimani party there. I got to play on the sim.
Some of the popular songs there were Break Your Neck from Busta Rhymes.
Peanut Butter Jelly in a baseball band.
Yeah, Peanut Butter Jelly. They loved that remix from Turn Remix 2.
That was pretty good. No, wait. No, that's not Turn Remix 2. That was something else.
Anyways, it's out there. There was also...let's see, what other ones?
for some reason they're playing secret rendez-vous all the time
i don't know why that
um... another one heaven
they liked heaven that was fun
the steps to heaven were ass
because i didn't play the hard one but i played the other one
and they didn't sing over the music at all
they were ass
that's all but i like the song that was in tourney mix 2 so
i voted up
a poop
i'll be on that
big pile of feces so i assume that since tourney mix 2 has been judging for about
uh... close to couple weeks now
pretty soon will have results of who won that i don't
no i guess look for that uh...
jimmy won
you can't do it
i have that i have that they from the other room
okay
i don't everybody in second
uh... we'll see what else though
now there's a pretty cool routine that someone did
for uh...
macho duck
because me being retarded put the long version song with the short version steps
and so there's a nice two minutes of no
no steps at all so there's this guy running around the room and jumping off
stuff
it was kind of funny to watch big cans part two
yeah something like that yeah big cans part two
uh... see other than that some news
just some reminders
looks like a team guilo their site's coming up october first so look for that
i think
I'm not sure what their actual address is going to be, because Team Gwylo got bought up by some guy, I don't know.
There's nothing there, but they bought the domain name, so who knows for that.
DWI Insan-
Okay, that's my FU of the week. Fuck you to cyber squatters, I hate that shit.
Unless they've got a valid use for the name Team Gwylo, they shouldn't be allowed to buy that domain name.
Julia Roberts needs to take them to court, because she got her domain name and she knows how to do it. That's all.
That's all.
Okay.
Anyways, um, DWI Insanity is gonna be coming back up probably later this week, they said
one or two weeks about a week ago, so I guess we can look for that, and that's pretty much
it for now.
Whee!
Alright, cool.
Thank you.
Um, do you have something else to add, Chad?
I was gonna say, this kinda brings out an idea, let's talk about, like, various ideas
forget togethers kind of things like to get people together and when do stuff
what are some fun like ideas about that because there's this new thing they're
doing in Sacramento called the freestyle Fridays and I don't I don't freestyle
very well at all so I've been paying too much attention to this but I said I'd go
watch sometime but I guess a bunch of the good freestylers in town trying to
get together and just have some fun little challenges and things like that
what are some some fun ways to get people together or is it does it have to
be scheduled things could just be everybody just kind of convening at one
place like the bar cheers. We used to have our big gathering when we were
trying to unlock stuff on max 2 before they put in the code. Uh-huh true. You
know which pissed me and a bunch of people off but you know that was
something that got the community together was that common goal you know
there's other max 2 machines where people don't know how the machines work
well enough to put in the code I guess if you're retarded. There's all kinds of
there's mini tourneys there's our you know every so often bidmani party that
As far as get-togethers, I guess, I'm for people like RTF Steps.
We've gone to a point where we like doing stuff, not just in the money.
We like doing sports stuff, like we either have to take a game of basketball or we'll have a big football game, which we are actually coming up, which is coming up soon, I think in early October.
No, it's a fun thing to just throw people around instead of stepping on arrows, you know?
I liked the whole bowling thing from last Sunday.
Cool any other fun get-togethers you guys have been doing that have been Bimani related
Well, not last trip, but a couple trips ago doing the whole Cuzar thing
That was back in the day where we used to go down to
You know to Milpitas and Sunnyvale to go play the other Bimani that we didn't have up here in Sallis
Now we kind of have them all. Now it's like whatever and even though they're not the best ones
They're still you know, we got them. So yeah, so it's pretty much all the same stuff now except Disney Radio
We don't have Disney Radio. Who cares?
We definitely need to get people together, but we need to have another team sack attack
on a various Cuzar.
This is a national show.
We've got people listening from all over.
It's really cool to get people together and just make sure there's no drama.
Anybody that's going to cause drama in your group, get them out.
You know, why don't they just do like, that'd be pretty cool, is you know they have like
hacker conventions and conventions for everything?
What about BimaniCon?
Okay, this is a good topic.
Why hasn't there been a big national Bimani convention yet, do you think?
You think it's because the tournaments kind of take care of that on a smaller scale, so
there's no need or desire for something national?
Do you think it's just because the Bimani audience is mostly, now I know just about
all of us, in fact, yes, all of us in this room are exception, but the Bimani community
is largely a high school base, which can't really afford to take the time to travel out
of town for a weekend. What do you think the reasons are behind that?
First and foremost, I've been going to conventions for seven years now. Longer than that, though,
if you count some of the other stuff I've done. When you go to a convention, there are
major, especially like the ones I've been going to, sci-fi, fantasy, anime conventions,
you have your costumers, you have your gamers, you have your dealer's room, and I don't think
there's enough, you know, Beymani-related merchandise.
Red Octane!
It would be, yeah, basically video game stores in there and you couldn't do, I think, a convention
on just Beymani alone without, you know, without having it Beymani Plus, you know, as far as
a convention setting goes.
I mean, it's not like you can sit there and watch, you know, go to a room and watch, you
know, movies of people playing DDR or, you know, like you have movie rooms at anime sci-fi
conventions or...
You'd have a room that's like, oh my God, it's me, Jason, you know us, and Mel B.
I think my importance level has just shot down 60 notches.
I don't think for Baymani alone, as far as a convention setting, that it would be enough.
You could maybe have your little, small get together.
If it was something associated with, say, the release of a new game, you know, something
press-related, that might draw a crowd, I think, but you couldn't have, like, Bimani
Con every year.
I don't think that it would be big enough.
Okay, well then maybe they could, instead of just Bimani, have, like, a music gaming
convention or something like that, because then you have Bimani stuff, you've got, you
know, the Pump It Up, the Parappa frequency.
Yeah, all the music games, you know, Parappa and all that.
Well, there is Classic Gaming Con that happens in Las Vegas.
That's cool.
That's cool.
I guess if Classic Gaming Con can get pulled off.
They also have the betas, the prototypes, you know, old games that were supposed to
come out that never did come out, and I think that basically anything that was coming out
for Beimani has come out except for, you know, S.M.A.M.I.X., the S.M.A.P. one.
There's a group called S.M.A.P.
In Japan, there's basically like the Japanese version of Minuto, actually, and they had,
I know very little about this, but there was supposed to be a DDR version or something
featuring them.
You know, like there's Dreams Come True and that, but it never goes away.
Which, by the way, the, not Dreams Come True, what's the other, True His Destination, that
has to be the worst bimonium I've ever played.
I mean, I like some of the music, don't get me wrong, but just the interface and everything,
I didn't care for it.
I just want to share.
Since I do have all the Dreams Come True stuff and True Kiss Destination, I have to say,
all of those suck.
They both suck.
They're just awful.
All their music is just very awful.
I mean, aside from Sexy Planet and, like, Self-rated Night, they all suck.
I liked Africa.
That's the one song I liked on True Kiss Destination.
That was a cool song.
Okay, but they've got one song called The Monster Song.
The monster is coming. It's just like so awful, but like, yeah, OHA is pretty fun. I mean,
but other than that, it's just crap. However, the meaning of Future Dreams Come True is
pretty cool. You know, I don't know. I guess maybe you could, but I'm thinking in terms
of the broad spectrum of different conventions I've been to, you know, I don't think you'd
have enough to make anything larger than, you know, a one day convention. I don't think
it would be anything.
So tournaments are pretty much as big as it's gonna get.
I think so.
And then we could go back to that national tournament talk, but I think we even talked
about that.
Actually, I think that was the talk last time Elby was here, we talked about that.
Just probably wouldn't be big enough, unfortunately.
You'd have to have huge prizes to entice people to want to fly all the way out to, you know,
Las Vegas, Bay Area, wherever you would choose to hold the tournament.
Just I don't know if it's possible.
It's not so much about incentive and prizes, but it's also I mean thing a lot of people
Overlook is that you need a lot of manpower everywhere people who are all on the same stage
You know on the same level knowing about how to run attorney how to you know
Clean up with rules that are fair to you know, this region that region whatever and right now. I just don't think
We're quite at the level of networking where we can have a bunch of arcades all in sync all on the same page
Getting it all together
I'm not saying it can't happen, but there's just a lot more things people overlooked at
have to be taken into account for such a thing to happen.
It would definitely take a lot of work, and I don't know that many people would be willing to do it.
Twin's got a good idea for incentive. Have it a strip DDR competition.
I'll judge.
I'll judge, guys. I'll judge.
Also, another suggestion to make the convention more popular is to be a Bomani slash hentai convention.
that would that would definitely well then again isn't that what that would be
SSR strip strip revolution well you know I'm a Expo basically they had an arcade
that was totally Bemani dominated you know in one of the little convention
rooms at the Hyatt you know the the I'm a conventions are almost turning into
pseudo Bemani convention suit because there's you know all these people in the
dealer's room selling like I bought at least two of my I have at least three
Bimani related products that I've purchased at Anime Expo, one of them being my second
mixed stepbook and a dance pad and like one of my versions of DDR I think.
I think it was one of them or the other, I don't know.
I have like a ton now, so.
Okay, well I think we're going to take a really quick break and then we're going to come back
and we're going to wrap up the show.
So...
Wrap it up and what?
We're going to wrap it up and we'll be right back.
What are we going to play in the break?
Let's play one of your mixes.
You want to tell me a mix you want to play?
Or not one of your mixes, but one of the mixes you brought.
Tell me which one you want to have the listeners hear.
Yeah, actually what I was going to do is introduce this one.
Back in Fifth Mix they had a competition, I guess.
I haven't really heard much about it, for a Paranoia remix.
And this guy who goes by the name STM won that competition.
Well, I happened to find his website, and he has a piano ambient version of Max Unlimited.
Now, you have to listen to the background there to fully get all of it, but you will catch some of what it is.
But just listen to it, it doesn't sound anything like you've heard before for Max Unlimited.
All right. Enjoy. Here we go.
You
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Bongo demands it!
Polis Radio.
I'm the co-host!
I can't shut up!
Smirt.
Um, a lot of mixed reaction in the chatroom, um, kinda, mostly positive, kinda depressing
though, don't you think?
That's almost kinda, I don't know, the way it was, it just kinda...
I just feel like throwing myself off course.
I mean, Max Unlimited is depressing enough as it is, because I can't pass it, but you
know...
I just couldn't stare at it.
Well, I can on base if it hurts, but, even in the chatroom, they said, Orange Lounge
made me sad today. We're sorry. We love you! Just remember Little Miss Muffet sat on the
tuffet. Where's my red? I was just commenting in the middle of the song. It was funny because
Mel B was sitting here reading scripture during that little passage. Would you like to share
a little bit of that with us here, Mel? Would you like to share some of your voiceover talent
with uh... the max
she'll see
they'll be
nine o'clock i guess
very pretty thank you
uh...
That's kind of like the 5'9 piano version we have in Rotation on the Bahmani Music and
More program, which is always playing on the stage when we're not here.
Pretty sad remix of that, too.
So is Bahmani getting all depressed?
Is it the angsty phase?
Is it the suicidal goth phase of Bahmani?
It will stay angsty as long as Polteri keeps singing.
Everybody will want to just slit their wrists after listening to her.
At least we have Silhouette of My Mind, and that makes me happy in a sad,
MacGothy way.
Yeah, Silhouette of My Mind is another little slit-your-wrist song there from
Imani. That is a happy song if you listen to the lyrics. Yeah, it's a happy song, but it sounds really...
I'm happy being up by myself. I'm happy being sad.
I am quite enthusiastically upset.
I guess we're going to wrap up the show now.
So, any final thoughts from everybody here in the room?
I have donuts.
You have donuts, right on.
Matt, Logie?
I don't like Paula Terry.
Neither do I, it's okay. She scares me.
Bradley, do you have anything to say?
Special guest Mel B, anything you want to say?
I had no idea DJ Konami sounded like Dick Vitale.
Either way, I think he's dope.
Right on.
And Sharks Girl, Mel D, anything you want to say to our listeners?
Yawn.
Yawn.
I've driven like 280, 300 miles today so far.
I just have to drive home.
You've got two more hours to go.
And I've got to drive tomorrow.
I get to drive to Frisco tomorrow, so that'll be fun.
Whee!
okay uh...
uh... what else out of those one other quick thing i want to say for the show
is over and now it's on my mind
it's let your mind
actually had a quick comment chara someone who wrote something about a
glow sticks and goes being in a
freestyle routine yes funny enough i don't know if i mentioned this before
but when i was an Omaha freestyle tourney uh... back in uh... april
point of earlier this year
someone did do a holistic routine with uh... goes in
funny enough to build within fifteen seconds
Somewhere I believe justice was served.
That's kind of sad in a way. I'm still not sure that anything involving lights
and DDR is going to top Fuzzy Hat with candles on, uh,
Healing Vision.
And the number 420 either.
Oops, I gotta switch CDs here real fast. Somebody fill.
Fill, fill, fill-er, fill-er, fill-er, fill-er. Who's Phil?
Bimani is cool, keep playing, right?
This DDR sucks!
That really bugs me, I can't think of a better one to say. We are in joy, why aren't you?
We expect you and I to play again.
And now, new from Konami,
the Polteri sings the classics!
Oh yes!
Such wonderful...
Such wonderful songs.
Move!
Move!
Oh yes, that's
Shine Get!
I think that's an appropriate note to end the show on. Shine Get!
Thanks for listening everybody, we'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura,
and Rob Roberts, also known as Skye.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
You've been listening to Orange... Whoops!
Ram it in there like that.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
