You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the f-word, which is not safe for children.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 3, 2, 1
🎵Music🎵
God damn you, stop calling here!
Isn't this 4215 pussy wave?
You bitch!
Now let me check the zip code!
212-Fuck-You!
You have no morals darling.
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and scorching case of purpose.
Kiss my grass, nuge.
Mecha lecha hai, mecha haini hoe.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Fuck are you?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame.
I'm a fart of my face.
Breathing.
Grasping.
Heaving.
Grasping.
Heaving.
Whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut
while I go listen to my written experience record.
Da da da da da da.
I am your singing solid ground.
Live, but not really, from Roseville Golf Land here, this is Orange Lounge Radio.
This is a special edition of Orange Lounge Radio, I should say.
It's so special, it rides the short bike.
It's episode number 10.5.
We're calling it 10 and a half.
Episode 10 and a half of Orange Lounge Radio.
Because this isn't Sunday, but we're fooling you.
This is our special Labor Day edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Because we refuse to labor the day before Labor Day.
Yes, Jamie and I are going to be taking the weekend off, so as you're listening to this
right now, Jamie and I are off somewhere vacationing.
I don't want to know what you're off doing.
Somewhere sunny.
This is something I know who you'll be with.
Actually, well actually at the point that you're listening to this, probably Sunday
night at 7 o'clock, I'm probably going to be in Sunnyvale actually, so I might be getting
interviews and things like that.
Take me.
I wish I could, but I'm spending all weekend and you know.
I'll just make Dan take me.
It's a private getaway.
You should make Dan take you.
And now Dan's gonna be here tonight, correct?
Somewhere.
We're gonna have to get an interview with him at some point.
Oh, God.
So...
For those who are uninformed, Dan is my significant other,
also known as the great and terrible Dan Man X,
also known as Gunstar Hero,
for people who have seen me mention that, so...
Right on.
So, yes, also known as Big Hater of Bimani.
He is not a big hater of Bimani.
He's the one who got all, you know, who, like, you know,
creamed his pants when he's played Guitar Freaks.
Guitar Freaks.
There you go, Guitar Freaks is where it's at.
Visual no, nobody's allowed to vision
So, yeah, we're it's gonna be a very experimental show tonight, it might not even be two hours long
It might be a weird kind of segment. We're kind of trying to divvy this up in a little segment
So Brad is our timekeeper right now. He'll let me know when we hit 40 minutes for the first segment, right?
We hit yes. Yes. Yes. In fact, we are now at a minute and a half right on
So, um, I'm gonna introduce everybody that's sitting out.
Now, I guess we should explain the layout.
I wish this was TV sometimes.
So we're gonna explain the layout of Rozo Golf in a little bit.
Webcam, webcam.
No webcam tonight.
In fact, there hasn't been a webcam any week except the first week.
We gotta get that fixed.
But we will, we promise.
Actually, um, episode 11 next week is gonna be a very different show
because we're gonna have a new intro.
Yes.
I've already got one planned out.
And hopefully a new site and everything.
Oh, you don't like the idea of a new intro?
No, I love the intro.
It has right now.
Well, we might we might dig it out of the archives occasionally. We'll use it for tonight's show
We get the look from Irene
Anyway, I'm gonna introduce the people that are up here upstairs right now because we get some people here that we don't normally
Get on the show because when we tape at the quote unquote studio also known as my office on Sundays
We don't always get the same people
So but we do have some of your old favorites joining us tonight besides the lovely dark Sakura and I we haven't even introduced ourselves
cells like we do the beginning of every she didn't know who we are you know what
it is that they don't mind now that it's been living under a rock
i don't i don't have i don't get to cheat tonight i don't have the computer
screen in front of me with the script building script in the that what we're
going to talk about about the pattern
because there will be a lot of that is why we're not paying attention talk
shit about us behind our back right now with my would
uh...
i don't like wood
that he's playing will you learn lots about rick on the show that
uh... i'm gonna introduce our government around it is there really have a real
layering has been on the main shows rice princess
and in the old favorite
i think you need to change it depends there
we have
everybody's favorite ddr aholic say hi to anita
everybody
now you don't even you don't even know what we're doing right and have you have
you heard or is our report even though
yeah i've heard of it and i
i've seen a lot
separate about two or three episodes
biggest torture of your life uh...
it was that terrible i just couldn't tell myself from the computer
and i don't know that you feel like you're in the middle of it
and of course we have the always awesome rick yes this is a constant on the
boards is
uh... hi i'm rick
is that that was for our listeners
i'd just like to say that i'm rick
you have a now you don't know what or you know about orange lounge but you've
never probably listen to it or anything i don't know what they were doing the
I'm clueless
Story of your damn life. No, I'm just kidding Rick's awesome. And of course, we got Joe dark Tetsuya in the house
Yeah, I'm back again any words for your 2dx fans out there all your beat mania people that worship the fact that be made
in fact
Read the dang thing
Before asked questions, read the dank back.
True words were never said.
Or else, fack you.
Yeah, fack you!
I'm a funny man tonight.
Motherfucker!
Say hello to our timekeeper tonight, Brad.
We are now at four minutes and a half.
Four and a half minutes.
We only have two more hours to go, basically.
Weeee!
Weeee!
That's a lot of time to talk into a microphone.
We may not either. We do this every Sunday night, you know.
you know.
Oh my god, you're crazy!
Can you believe we actually are able to talk about Bimani and a little bit else too, in
two hours?
Wow, that's a lot of time talking about Bimani.
When we get tired of talking about Bimani, we do list lists, and it's usually Bimani.
Yeah, I was gonna say, wait, Bimani, what's that?
We have more people!
Oh, more people!
Come, come, come over to the microphones and introduce yourselves.
Introduce yourself.
Look in the microphone.
Say your name.
Hi.
And who are you, miss?
I'm Sunja.
Hi!
Hi!
And you are?
Hi!
I'm Rai Rai!
Hello Rai Rai!
Are you an alcoholic too?
No.
What was the question?
She's not an alcoholic.
Are you an alcoholic?
No.
So what...
I like holic.
I like holic.
What games do you girls like to play here at Golf Land?
I like to play DDR.
She likes DDR.
And what about you?
I like playing Para.
Ooh.
She's a Para goddess.
Para-list!
she's a paragoddist. She's gonna teach me some more because I don't know any, I
know a few, but I look dumb when I do them. I need to know more. I clap and wave my hands. And shake your butt.
And shake my butt to deluxe. I know deluxe. That was like the first one I learned. No, actually the first one I learned.
That was like the fifth one I learned. No, the first one I learned was boom boom fire because that's
everybody's first para. And then like a virgin. Not mine. My first was Night of Fire.
Yeah, mine too. Mine was 100. 100. One more whore. 101 is the upgraded version. 101 is the upgraded version to 100.
I still always thought it sounded like they were saying one more whore. One more whore.
So, you weren't at the show, the live show on Sunday. I was in Vegas. Yeah, tell us about, tell us about Vegas.
about vegas that was sounds like an awesome trip tell us all about it
imagine sixteen ddr freak moderators
sharing a room
either love em or you hate em the ddr freak mods this is when the ddr freak mods start
pretending and start getting real
oh my god
oh no
yes actually we did now listen i'm gonna have to
put you on ban if you're not careful now that was a little bit out of line
now listen i think you're getting out of line now everybody just needs to calm
down here this is a nice form bedroom we have here how many how many points did
you rack up during the weekend I didn't get any because dark soccer never flames
I'm a winner but no it was there just be like random comments someone to go
motherfucker and so you got three points you flamed your post or and you're
talking too much now did somebody walk around and filter people like if you
know I messed up no no but no but and basically the first night when we got
The first thing that happened is Evie and Collin came in, looked at Doreen, Ms. Toy, and goes,
Oh, Dark Sakura!
Yeah, so once again we get the, oh, but I thought you were Asian for me, so.
For those out there that don't know, Dark Sakura is a Honker!
Oh, we're going to introduce Ted. Ted doesn't even know what's going on here.
Introduce yourself.
Hi, I'm Ted.
Do you have any idea what we're doing right now Ted?
I have no idea what you guys are doing right now.
That's about as much as I know.
Okay.
You gotta talk in the mics more or else we don't hear ya.
What?
Double mics.
What are you talking about?
He's a mushroom.
He's a fuck guy.
Haha.
Anyway, more for my Vegas story.
Yes.
Cause I am the mic whore now.
I just want to warn the listeners that there's a Tonight Show very different, very random.
Could be the best show we ever do.
Could be the fucking worst.
You can hear a burp.
Anyway, oh, yeah, there's more about burp later. Anyway
No, no, I want a dog in one of the crane games once again
I raped the crane game and I want a dog in named him burp now did the rate did the crane game call the police did?
It's oh, bye. Bye. Bye later
I was she left
you know who I feel that one of our regular listeners slinky also known as will was here and like ready to be on the
Show and you know, we were supposed to start taping at 730 tonight
And well, you know we we got here and we thought oh, we'll play one bimani game
and then we'll tape and then one kind of turned into five and
By the time we were ready to tape slinky's parents showed up and took him home
So I know last I saw him he was you know napping in the the sumo game. Oops. So sorry slinky
We'll get you on another show. We love you parents
Maybe away from the show. Oh you guys have to get going. Well, wait before okay
We'll take a break from the biggest story
You want to plug your your new role-playing game that's coming out?
Because this is pretty cool. You want to plug it?
Okay, I guess so. My new game that I made after three years of work with me as the sole programmer,
my friend Steve as the sole artist, is an epic-sized role-playing game in 2D.
It's an epic computer game.
It's actually a parody of a lot of RPGs, and it's all funny, and it's all cool, and it's all awesome.
It's in beta testing right now, and I've gone through about 400 different beta versions.
But I'm getting good feedback, starting to get some good feedback, and pretty soon it's going to be released public.
Look, I have played the game, it's very cool. Imagine kind of like Dragon Warrior, but like Bitchy.
Actually, it's a lot like Earthbound as well, which wouldn't surprise me because Earthbound is, as some may or may not know, is Rick's most godly RPG ever.
My favorite game of all time.
The battles really remind me of Earthbound battles.
Uh-huh. Shmack.
Do you get a bat as a weapon?
You actually get several bats as a weapon. You can have a rock as a weapon, or you can have a stick with a little nail poked through it. That's what it's called, a stick with a nail poked through it as a weapon.
No orange bat of justice?
No, but there's a hammer of justice that you get in the courthouse.
Cool. Oh, you know the always clever deer carcass, right? The animal carcass you can use to fight with?
Yeah, that's true. That's actually roadkill. You can use roadkill. And the theory is that it stinks so bad it's bound to hurt your enemies.
indian and and and i think that they got out
the car dot yeah that's actually the notice the double chin there was a name
by soon jeff
uh... which he always got a dog off
sisters
so it's really powerful is very very powerful and yeah i think i got out of
the people with your daughter that
that's embarrassing adults and they see a guy that
exactly
at what myself
i don't want daily are there any
are there any of the money references in the game did you try it all incorporate
DDR taking over my fucking life thing in there or...
uh...
you know what there's so many jokes in there so many
megabytes of
just text jokes
uh... that i can't even imagine that i didn't stick a few bimani jokes in there
right on so any expected time release like in time for christmas to put under
the tree i'm hoping actually did to be done with it by uh... the end of
september
i'm thinking as far as that goes we're getting really close to done yeah bug
Counts we're not getting anything back at all. Well. I haven't played it the new one yet, so we'll see
I'm the stickler on beta testing so we'll see we're done with that
We're moving on to Cedric the Littlest Demon where you fight the devil then you fight Mitch in limbo
And then you fight not I'm sorry Nietzsche
Limbo and then you have to fight God in heaven, and then you win the game when you can kill God
So we're hoping that that killing the god
Are you selling on this black matrix II though have you ever heard of black matrix?
No, uh-uh.
Black Matrix is an RPG where, in their universe, God and Satan fought, and Satan won.
Ooh, cool.
So you play as the slave of a dominatrix.
I'm down with that, yo.
Um, is it going to be something you have to pay for, or is it going to be completely free, or what's the deal?
QDRPG is going to be totally free, depending on how many people we get playing it.
We may or may not do Cedric free as well, but QDRPG 2, which is going to be completely different,
have absolutely nothing to do with QDRPG 1 whatsoever. As most, as most old Nintendo
sequels didn't like, like Castlevania 2, nothing like the first at all. Uh huh, yeah, they're
gonna be completely different, it's gonna be a completely different idea, we're definitely
gonna charge for that, and we're actually, the game after that's gonna be 3D. But we
still get free copies, right? Always gonna get free copies from all my friends, always.
Alright guys, but you guys listening have to pay, haha. Alright later, thanks for interviewing.
And we'll let all our listeners know when QDRPG is released and where you can get a
copy of it if you like them rpg-type games and before we change the subject
i don't think rick brought it up i have to give some credit to timmy timmy did an
awesome job on the soundtrack on this game it's if you like uh technoish type
of music and stuff like that it's it's great it's got good music and uh
probably the best thing that i like about this game it's just full of great
jokes and cheesy shit like that you gotta play it it's not gonna be like
diablo style graphics or anything if that's what you're expecting but it's
It's just, it's like, it's 8-bit goodness is what I kinda, it's a cross between Super
Nintendo and Nintendo.
It's a little more than 8-bit.
Yeah, maybe like 10-bit.
Three and a half!
You wanted to say something, Irene?
Oh, did he say something about fighting Nichi on there, the philosopher guy?
That's gonna be in the next game.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
In the next game.
Yep.
The philosopher guy or whatever?
I guess, yeah.
Knowing Rick, yeah.
it would be rather wrong to like fight him with the Bruce's philosopher song in
the background and then you'll get was represent who's very ready stable the
armies yeah run by Jesus and Santa the holidays and such stuff like that it's
it's great just different references throughout the entire game it's good
stuff so back so yes they get to the biggest trip well we wanted we wanted to
make sure we got Rick's plug on the air for you had to go so okay well anyway I
I was in Vegas and y'all weren't.
So basically when we first got there,
it was basically all the moderators hanging out together.
Well, I mean, we were all of us moderators anyway.
We went to the food court to hang out.
I played $10 worth of nickels and then won like five of it
back on video poker, which I apparently own at.
And then my total winnings for the whole week,
it was like $2.95, which is part of my cab there.
Notable.
Is that how much a foot long those hot dogs
I did not buy an elephant penis. They were selling these hot dogs that were like two
feet long and really fat so they were being referred to as elephant peni. As the cock
of the elephant. Anyway, so as it went on that night we went to the Rio for the gigantic
humongous seafood buffet. It was like 30 bucks but you could get sashimi, Maine lobster,
You know, Kalamari, all kinds of cool awesome seafood.
And then, you know, that night at the Rio, there was this awesome Perfect Attack showdown
between Pot Guy and Anowon, or Nor as he's also known.
There's also, Blue was also showing off some pretty, pretty awesome double skills, you
know, going up into the sixes and sevens on some of those.
I, of course, raped the crane machine there and ended up giving up a lot of my stuff.
Walking back, we were going back inside of the hotel and all of a sudden I hear,
TDR Freak!
And that's when our Stalker fanboys DJ Bubbles and his friend found us, who I guess apparently
they came from out of town to find us and buy coffee for us or something.
Cool.
But the next day, well, I didn't fall asleep until after 7am for some reason because I
was really tired. Too much excitement. We went to the Game Land arcade, which was freaking
amazing. That arcade, I played Mambo-a-Go-Go there. Mambo! No, forget this, for two tokens
a play. DDR Max 2 for two tokens a play. Right on. Beat Mania 3, six core, for two tokens
play. Radiant Silver Gun for one. We apologize to your speakers. That was
literally my reaction. I had played the photo game in Biohazard Gun Survivor 2
which was really amazing. The arcade owned and of course we were showing up
the, well I didn't, but the locals were sort of sitting there you know mouth open
watching
as uh... some of the more notable freestylers namely uh...
meldy deejay ball
uh... story making excited over there
past memories of boomtown
in reno
you know they were they were showing their stuff and uh...
and then everybody went back to some people wanted to guess the old
no we i i heard about
well i heard about
that i guess there was some kind of pump it up challenge going on
that was friday night i was fighting apparently one of the locals got really
pissed off
you still have a spotlight doesn't matter
and he was basically getting out of a prop cycle so i was happy
uh... his pops i close the best game ever
but in town
uh... anyway back to saturday night uh...
uh... iguana girl islander and i all it's a strategic experience that up with
my friend, um, uh, Tiara and her, uh, her man, Rick, which you have to do.
If you ever go to Vegas, whether you're a fan of the show or not, it's just the
coolest thing in Vegas, I think shut up.
Well, we went sober once and then we, we had a warp core breach.
We basically between the, the three of us, between me, Iguana girl and Islander,
we had, um, a large, they, they shared a large one and a small one.
and then I had a small one all to myself.
And, ooh, okay, I just got given a tape, so I got a tape.
Tall just showed up.
You wanna say hello to everybody in the...
Your CD's in the car.
In, what up, my niggers?
Oh.
Anyway.
You can address those cards and letters to Tall,
courtesy of Tall's house.
I was telling a story.
Sorry, yes, finish your story.
Anyway, so after my friends left,
We had this drunken walk over to Circus Circus so Iguana Girl could play the old machine
up in the Midway, which was ass on the right player's side because half the buttons didn't
work.
That's the same machine that I played DDR on for the very first time with Circus Circus.
You lost your DDR Virginity.
Yes, lost my DDR in...
It's a USA machine.
Now the 1.5 is downstairs and actually has a good pad, last time I played, but anyway.
There was more...
No, we don't have 4th Plus yet.
There was more staying up until all hours of the morning and playing a taboo, drunken
taboo which was like the absolute winner and that actually had the quote of the evening
which was, it's like a penguin but it's in this place where the British used to send
their criminals and that was trying to get them to say kangaroo.
Yes this is, because you know taboo, you have a list of five words that you cannot use to
to describe your main word that's on the thing, and you have a timer.
Like, I used penguin twice.
I was using penguin for tuxedo, and I used penguin.
It's like, it's colored like a penguin, but it's equine for a zebra.
What?
You know, mine made sense.
I don't know where you'd get, you know, kangaroo.
Kangaroo?
I'm lost.
And the other best one, it's like, I was trying
to get someone to say the word blow, and the quote was,
it's like, if I wanted you to suck my cock,
you would be giving me a blank job.
so did they get it yes actually they got it and our team actually did get the the kangaroo so
that was we just started we just started listing off australian you know animals like koala kangaroo
so anyway um the next the next day was um you know we all checked out and a bunch of people went to
this other buffet and i went to all you can eat sushi with my friend and hung out at circus circus
and got to play Tsurugi which is the best game ever it's basically um it's like mocap boxing in
um and uh police 911 only you have a sword with a light sensor and you get to you know cut people
in half and cut off their head and cool us name is blade of honor uh apparently dj aba found a
techno motion machine at um Excalibur in the basement but i didn't get to play it unfortunately
And I played Pump It Up Perfect, but it was, you know, a crappy broken one, and they had
a brave firefighters machine, Ferrari F-355, you know, the full three monitor one.
New York New York had an awesome arcade for the casinos.
But the best arcade you went to would be that game?
Oh, Gameland.
Gameworks is ass, except they have Sonic Fighters there.
Tekken 4 on a projection TV with a couch with controllers attached to it
Oh cool. This is good for people to know because Vegas is a big tourist spot. You know everybody guitar freaks there
It sucks in the DVR is a USA machine, and they overpriced everything
It's like a dollar fifty for planning with a machine. Oh, it's like the metreon
Yeah, but it's like ass at least it's you know the decor is better, and they play good trance in the background
How many places did you guys go all over the damn city?
Did you get to see any showgirls or, you know, did you go to any TV bars?
Dude, this one drag queen showgirl gave me a flyer and people were collecting pictures of the boobs.
Did you get any free prawn?
I didn't want any free prawn because there was like...
The free prawn in Vegas is stupid.
It was like they were all ugly and they were fake boobs and one of them was a man because you could see the Adam's apple.
apple anyway so that this is actually starting to lead into my fuck you of the
week now we don't have the music backdrops tonight we can edit that in
anyway so my fuck you of the week and starts off with us getting out with
Iguana Girl Jessica and I getting on the plane and this like really rude asshole
was on his cell phone and he kept bumping into her but she didn't say
anything about it and then he bumped into me and knocked me into a pole so I
turned he was you know just doing he's like oh I'm on this little cell phone
things that make you look like you're talking to yourself and you ride the
short bus forever so he like you saw any like it was completely oblivious to the
what I fucking hate people who do that shit anyway so um so anyway um we um we
uh I turn around and said you know excuse me you need to watch what you're
doing you know I thought something's like oh I'm having five conversations at
once and then he just started walking off so like that's an excuse we were
over there laughing at him when they told him to turn off his cell phone
before takeoff because apparently he didn't hear that either and then there
was this guy behind me whose kid kept kicking me in the back of the chair I
I kept looking at the kid and I was just talking to Jessica, you know, minding my own business was like, yeah
my fight was okay except I kept getting kicked in the butt and he's like stop whining and apparently he kept bitching when I
driving him out listening to my, you know, Luna C
compilation. He was, you know, he was a fucktard. So fuck him and fuck the guy on the cell phone and
my other fuck you of the week goes to the unemployment development department
Which, okay, I didn't get any sleep last night, so forgive me for slurring a little bit and
being tired and bitchy.
She just sounds a little drunk.
She's a little hungover.
And I'm PMSE, so don't give me any bullshit.
Anyway, um, I tried to get out of it.
I couldn't get out of it.
So I hop on the bus at 10am, go all over freakin' Sacramento to try to get to, um, basically
it's where Stockton Boulevard and Broadway meet, but it's like another block past that.
at 50th and Broadway. I got down there, kept napping on the bus. I got there at a quarter
after one. This is from getting on the bus at 10. Wow. And I was there for 30 minutes.
The guy was so condescending and was talking down and I probably had more brain in my butt
than he did in all of his head. So, you know, basically I got out of there as fast as possible
and got home at like a quarter after five o'clock and decided and just wolf
down all these espresso beans so I'm a combination of tired and hyper so fuck
EDD fuck them right in their stupid ass fuck the guy on the cell phone fuck
anybody who acts like that on their cell phone and fuck the stupid guy from
Burbank who sat behind me fuck him fuck them all may they die there's a lot of
bucking going on
back back back jimmy's fucking a lot of people this week
i had a fuck you
well absolute economics yes it yesterday i was
so god damn close to getting a hundred percent perfects
that song is just pissing me off
is at the end part where it slows down that'll fuck you up
yeah a lot of times it's bad
so thank absolute
i didn't do that a little more that also notice loki who just showed up house
uh... fuck you the week as well
it goes to my fucking laptop because they won't read my card writer
that the whole reason i bought the dam laptop is these my card writer on it and
if it doesn't work and what the hell did it get a crappy laptop for a bad for
me
okay
it
never mind
scratch of the list
uh... my particular week uh... i don't have one i don't i can't think of
If I think of one later in the show, I'll mention it.
My Fuck You of the Week is, you don't have a Fuck You of the Week?
Fuck you.
Rob isn't being nice this week.
The penguin has a Fuck of the Week.
And I played Max Unlimited so many fucking times.
I'm guessing over 30.
I'm so pissed off, and so is my legs.
And he fails on the same note every fucking time.
Fails the same note every fucking time.
time it's sorry a lot of anger here no we sympathize I mean I've been there so
many times I remember the toothbrush too she has wood my drumsticks got wood so
that I don't get any more blisters playing germania fuck germania fuck
at least 100 seconds fuck it fuck it fuck it anyway and one more fuck
Roosevelt Golf Land for not having fourth plus yet even though we're here
right now he just pretty much loitering is what we're doing we're just sitting
upstairs we're in the party area right now where you a lot of party and going
up on yeah this employee came by and looked at us funny earlier like are they
supposed to be here apparently so because we have the microphones and is
that any different than usual they always look at us funny true that's when
we're playing. That's when Rob's playing Deluxe. Let's go interview employees, that sounds
like fun. Well we can do that in a later segment. I think actually what I want to do, maybe
next segment, is maybe just be mobile. Since we have a mobile unit here, maybe we'll walk
around and tour Golf Land and give our opinions on the games. We'll talk about every single
thing that is broken. Like everything? Yeah, like everything. So it'll be a nice long day.
got two hours to fill
since we just kinda got off the whole vegas thing i was recently in vegas and i
happen to come across a dance dance revolution tournament
alright they had um...
uh... perfect attack and a freestyle tournament and they had forty slots for each
i got like eleventh
like the eleventh slot for freestyle so i was good there i definitely got to play
but i got forty one on the perfect attack and that pissed me off
and somebody somebody dropped out so i got forty so i'm like yes but i played
last
so you know i was waiting for like what four hours to play some like that so you
know i get there and i play my freestyle and i did great i loved it i had fun i'd
did all three the songs perfectly
and then the guy that goes after me does a fucking backflip
over the freakin rail and goes through and hits is
i don't know how he did it but i got second there so i got a cd i got a cd
player
And then Imperfect Attack, I played the last, and I triple-a'd a couple of songs.
And that was, um...
Wow, you know?
So I got first place, five hundred bucks. And there's, um...
You know, that's my story.
Sweet! Congratulations.
I didn't know we had a local that owned the Vegas tournament. That's news.
I've noticed that there's a different breed of freestyle in Vegas, you know.
Thanks, Sock.
Hey there.
The views and opinions of our guests.
yeah uh... the vegas freestylers suck okay
and i've noticed lots of lots of eighteen action going on so when i broke
out my new freestyle love to me i had a crowd
i found a place for my freestyle vegas here i come
that was a dynamite raid
this announcement now when we have our tournament at uh... hopefully we know
we're trying to get it for some game room
because they didn't maybe
it that we may have a particular issue maybe a new machine coming in that we
we want to have another tournament on. I can't say anything about it. Can't say until it
comes in, but. But if we have, we're either going to have it here or there, here at Roseville
Golf Land or there, if ever I hear back from management. Anyway, um, I'm going to try to
contact them again, but back to what I was saying. One of the freestyle segments is going
to be 18 style freestyle. Oh God. So you will be encouraged to pull out your best knee drops,
hand plants, backflips, but no matrix walk. Aw, no matrix walks. It's pretty much going
the replacement for improv freestyle is just uh... Yes, because improv was where it was a novel idea, the novelty belongs in the library.
It was a novel idea, just a lot of shitty entrants, and sorry to those who entered improv freestyle. There were some good ones, but a lot of you got up there and PA'd.
It wasn't necessarily that the skill was bad, it was that they got some ass steps. You know, we...
I don't know if it was ass steps or me, but mine really sucked.
Actually, part of the problem was that, you know, our bad, we picked, I should just say my bad, blame me, I was in freestyle, I thought, oh, four to six feet songs, people can improv those, those aren't too bad.
Whoops, I probably should have done like two and three foot songs and one foot songs. Actually, if I ever do another improv freestyle tournament, it's all gonna be beginner songs on USA, as far as I'm concerned.
I can only improv on Heavy. I love improv, and that's how I make all my freestyles, it's improv over and over and over again.
Were you playing last October? Were you playing in October?
No, I haven't gotten to play in any of the Sacramento tournament.
Well, there's going to be another one coming up by the end of the year.
Also, if it's a Folsom game room, I have no way to get there.
We'll find a way. Somebody here at the table will get you.
We work things out.
You're on the board, right?
I am.
Yeah, we'll get you there somehow.
I posted on the whole series.
Yeah, yeah, so well
Oh, but I do want to say one improv freestyle that I liked a lot of the tournament was Bradley
Yes, for those who see he did little bitch
And just he just kind of got into it at the end. He was just like you're
Great. I loved it. And he didn't say hi say hi Oh
The little bitch himself Bradley, yes
How was your move you just moved recently to get get a little closer to golf land? Yes, it was good
So I'm still unpacking so moving things around you had to move out of the town of sorority life and get get into
Get into the little cluster Rosa golf. Oh, yeah, cuz he was in Davis where you know, they filmed sorority life. So
Yes
Let's talk to Anita cuz we haven't talked to her much during this show yet
We got a spotlights on you all lights on you girl. Come here. Tell us about where you're from
You're from a little hick town up north
Yes, I'm from Yuba City.
Yes! I went to the police and got yelled at.
Now you want to give a little plug because I know Yuba City has a little
team of regulars up there that play and I love the name of this team by the way.
So tell us about the team up there. Okay, our team is called the
token stealing toddler stompers.
Awesome name. Best name ever. Yes. I hate golf land
for the sole reason that you have to babysit your freaking tokens.
Yes, yes. We got sick and tired of doing that. We actually inspired this new setup of plastic tokens,
but we don't use those anymore because there's not enough people.
Like, you know, when you got like a thousand tokens up on the machine,
if everybody has their own color-coded token, then you can tell who's, you know, in line.
They were using licenses at Gameworks so that people wouldn't run off with their cards.
Oh.
You know, ID cards, student IDs, licenses.
Yeah.
And explain why, what do you mean by cards? Because some people may not have been to Gameworks ever.
They use token, instead of tokens they use those little credit cards like the Metreon uses.
So you were saying about your team.
Oh yeah, token stealing toddler stompers was inspired by a little incident that happened at one of our arcades.
A little kid got into a little trouble and we sort of, well, one of our girls, her name
is May, and she ended up pushing the little kid a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Just a tiny bit.
Just a tad.
A touch.
Because he would not leave her alone.
And his father came, caused a ruckus.
Ever since then we've decided to call ourselves token stealing taller stompers because she
was accused of stomping on this kid, basically.
So anyway, that's how it started.
So how is the scene in a little, because for those who don't know, Yuba City is kind of
one of those towns that's like, it's just kind of there on the side of the road in the
middle of nowhere.
Actually, now it's getting bigger because it has the Sacramento Amphitheater in the town,
so it's getting a little bit more notoriety that way.
But how is it playing DDR like in the middle of nowhere, where you've got to really drive
a long way to get something outside of DDR?
Well, I work in Sacramento, so driving's not too bad for me, but we do have a Max 2 now,
so that is a lot of fun.
Everybody has a freaking Max 2 now.
What is up with that?
Illegal kits.
I mean...
Happy kits.
Ooh, my boots.
My legs hurt.
My boots and my leg, bootleg.
Oh, yeah, same.
It's the, hey, we like to think that we're legal kits, yeah.
They're the great pretender.
Well, it's really not that bad in Yuba City altogether.
There's the folks, I mean, as DDR communities go,
we've got a lot of really great people there.
We used to have two places to go.
Now, we only have one.
But the people who work there are really good to us.
They listen to us.
If we want the machine turned up, they're happy to do it.
And we've never had problems there.
So it's really great, yeah.
That sounds like a dream come true.
In fact, yeah.
What was that again?
It's unlike here at Golf Land, where
when we ask them to turn it up, they turn it down
to half volume.
Exactly.
That's because they're backward ass here.
But we're not complaining, are we?
Because we're getting fourth plus.
I am complaining.
I am very much complaining.
Are we going to complain when they get fourth plus,
though, to replace USA?
USA will be gone and replaced with fourth plus.
Isn't that wonderful?
Somewhat, yes.
Yes.
You can play conga feeling to your heart's content.
know everything on USA is gonna be on there. This is my outlook on this, because USA is
where the newbies go to play, right? So they take USA, we got Max 2. But we got 4th+, we're
gonna wanna play Max 2 and 4th+, where the newbies gonna go. Yeah, they're gonna play
all 4th+, immediately, and you get to play up next. They're gonna go to hell, that's
where they're gonna go. Yeah, but see, see here's- No, they're gonna go play Spiderstomp.
We'll just set them to play Spiderstomp. No, but see, but see, here's the other thing.
The people at Sunsplash are also very stupid at making it so that you can't fail on your
first song if it's on you know little or not little brother uh you know standard
the first standard basic it's it's stupid and so that's still one song
where you have to wait and stuff and and and watching them hurts I swear it hurts
to see them suck so bad because I I mean some of them have the basic idea we all
started off somewhere at the top yeah but we also I I'm gonna say I'm hoping
that we all started off higher than some of the people to play here you know just
jumping around on the freaking pad. I know none of us would be the where we
are today if we started there because we would have given up long ago well no no
mercy with Ted but Ted I guess yeah I started off at home do you think that's
something the announcer should start saying like oh my eyes are bleeding your
dance is like burning your dance makes Captain Jack cry we have more intros to
do more people to show that show us your name and your nickname and a little bit
your history? Any history you want to give it doesn't have to be DDR if you
want to you know get the black book history or your job is a go for surgical
medical history whatever. My name is Eric I'm punk night I don't have a history I
just kind of appeared here you know. Here I'll do his history he's he's the leader
of a cult. No not a cult basically it yeah not really a terrorist group but
let's just say they get jobs done called the called the triple F ETA former fast
food employees turned assassins and see other than that he's does his own music
he's totally into punk rock and that kind of stuff and metal and that kind of
cool shit dude you know me better than I do okay here somebody can announcement
Rob gave me a quarter, so I'm getting candy.
Speak.
Speak.
I demand you.
If I give you two quarters, will you get me some candy, too?
Oh, we have a shy one?
I'll speak for them.
Hi, I'm Melon, Mel, and I used to go on the boards
by Carefree Mel.
I'm very quiet, so I'm not going to say much.
That's it.
That voice sounds so familiar.
well now you sound really hot
because this is this is radio you know
uh...
the
now now you're dating pug night right
st
what is it what is it that you like about what i what is it that attraction
on
it's is what i
uh...
and your response that
it hurts
i forgot to mention he's also into invader zim because invader zim rocks
i guess it
yes
jonan jonan altogether not just invader zim
jon is a god jon and everything
is the godliest god of all gods
all right well we're gonna take a quick break here and we'll have candy will be
right back with
mora orange lounge radio episode ten and a half semi live
from roseville golf land here on wednesday night teddy lower lease we have
the weekend off at candy
yummy
will be right back after some songs if you want to join our chat room the
people who uh... might be listening right now
uh... join our chat room just go to any other side i r c server like i r c dot
eight heads dot org
and he did join channel pounded
so uh... orange launch almost at sac bahmani baby you might buy some of us in
there but actually the channel is orange lounge
we'll be right back
I wanna get closer to you my love
Until the day I die
I'll be your everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Won't you take my hand?
I won't be a fan
So tonight we're gonna dance it my way
One and one is two
Don't you feel so cruel?
Synchronize this love, it's what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in this love
Would you take a hand?
I won't be a man
So once in a while we're gonna dance the night away
One, once two
Don't you be so cruel
Synchronize this love, it's what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever wearing this love thing
Yeah, you hear the priest that's trying to keep his Scottish fleece
Love's shining, eternally, love will make you feel free
Come on girl, it's okay for satisfaction, you must pray
His name is Passion, in the blood that's shining, in the temple of love
Come to the temple of love, and together we'll pray to the heavens above!
Come to the temple of love, if your heart is weak, join the temple of love!
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Sex is all the power Helping you through the midnight hour
It's a secret of love and peace Soul and heart it will release
And so, for your head and prey It's gonna take your fear away
Flying like a snowy dove Out of the temple of love
Come into the temple of love, and together we'll bring to the heavens above.
Come to the temple of love
You'll fall asleep
Joy and the devil's love
Come into the temple of stars, and together we'll pray to the heavens above.
Come to the temple of love
Your heart is weak
Put your weight in and tell me it's not hard
5.
Y enders
4.
Y enders
5.
Y enders
6.
Y enders
7.
Y enders
8.
All right, we're back and we're coming back from break and Jamie is going to attempt three
to one stars.
So this is three, two, one stars, the Jamie Mixx.
She had a nine combo.
Oh, 11.
She got double digits.
She just lost about 70% of her bar in like 3 seconds.
There she goes. Oh, not too bad.
You're not doing as bad as she said you were going to do, Jamie.
Uh-oh, she got danger. Uh-oh. Come on, Jamie. Go, Jamie, go.
Oh! Failed.
Anyway, we are back and we're we're on the lower level now a golf on where all the games are
Can you start the clock for me? By the way? Thank you. That's alright. So hey, that's not bad for suck
So we're walking around the bottom lovely
Do we want to walk around and look at look at the various stuff that?
Golf land has here you can do that once I'm putting my initials in Jamie's gonna burn initials back in you are listening to
Orange lounge radio. This is a special
edition because we decided to take Labor Day weekend off so we thought we taped
the show a little early so it's actually Wednesday night we're at Golf Land but
we are taping live no do-overs it's just like it was a live show except we have
lots of toys here well and Brad Brad likes toys right mmm toys so what do we
want to do we want to walk around and give a little tour? I don't want to do anybody publicly I'm holding
adventure stuff. Who wants to hold my wood?
Thank you for volunteering for that Ted. We just got a funny... Hi!
What are you guys doing? What are you recording for?
Oh, we're doing a school project.
Okay.
Yeah.
What school?
Uh, for Oakmont High.
Oh...
No, we're doing an online radio program. So...
We have an internet radio show. Would you like to say some words for our listeners?
Um, actually, I need to tell you that you need to talk to the manager before you guys
can go walking around recording stuff oh we're just recording ourselves yeah I
mean we actually do a show online that promotes the line of the music games and
we advertise this place for free yeah so and then the shit hits the fan well we
could go outside I guess if if you'd rather not us tape in here okay all
right we're getting some manager we might possibly hate golf land we might
possibly get kicked out of the
still have to end the show early because of this we'll have to see what it what's
gonna happen here
so we can fill up with music yeah we can fill up something
i will play more beatmania for your listening pleasure, we'll listen to the brad mix
no
that has bemani
yeah we might
make our business elsewhere
we might have to go to fulsome game room or some place that would let us do a show there
i don't know
we'll see
and he's going to the list and stopping on
something to know really suck what if they took the tape
no then they'll make them pay by anyone
so we're eagerly awaiting what's gonna happen here
we could run away
i'm sorry
i said where's the fun in that
i know where's the fun in that so we'll see what happens
because i if they did
if they did throw us out for trying to do our show i i doubt we'd come here
very much in the future
so we'll see
what's gonna happen when uh... mister manager comes back
so i don't know if there's anything interesting newer going on in the
of a money world right now news-wise you don't have mad sim update oh yeah I've
been mad has him at some update we should get him over here and we're
being stared at by an employee yep we are are we oh is he waving yeah he
waved and he walked off all right so we got the goal oh yeah what's that that
manager looks like he's 16 years old what's the manager like 500-pound like
sumo wrestler i'm getting out of here i'm sorry i gotta go oh well she's she's coming
back i don't know if she's going to give us an update or what's going on
who is the manager oh we're gonna see what's happening let's step away from the machine
let's see what's going on
oh okay oh we thought that guy was the manager
that would be the day can we get that on tape
So you enjoy working in Gulfland?
She can't comment on tape or else she'd get in trouble.
But I'm sure she'd say nothing but good things.
Yes, Gulfland is winner.
Except maybe the little kids who destroy things around here, who knows about that.
Like, yeah.
Do I have to go for the taping or not?
No, we don't know because the manager's got to come downstairs and...
I know, he's going to decide you guys to tape him.
Really? Even though a lot of people film home videos and stuff here?
Same difference, only audio.
Alright, alright, she's not going to talk, she's not going to talk.
We'll see what happens. This is interesting, we weren't expecting this
development.
Well maybe we should take another quick break then.
Do we want to take a quick break? Well no, because I kind of want to get this on air, whatever happens.
So we'll see. What are we leaving? No, we're going to see what happens. The manager's coming down.
You can always go like in and out or something.
True. We can finish up the show somewhere else.
we'll see what happens
by freaking ten
ten o'clock
i think they're closing at ten now so we have a lot of the bad things going on
on the mania
do you want to go listen to brad playing the mania and now what is it very many
years i don't even know that song
it's crimson
why are they allowed to take us and use us for the commercials but we're not
allowed to take them
maybe
don't know I don't know they probably think we're profiting off of this no we
pay for do our show I know this is this is the guy we'll see what happens we
think
we don't know what's gonna happen we're recording an internet radio show just
We run an internet radio show every Sunday night and we're basically taking the Sunday
off so we decided to do a live show at our favorite Wednesday hangout because we come
every Wednesday and we didn't think that there would be an issue with it if there is so we're
sorry.
Right now, I'll go ahead and do it, I thought you had a filming crew here, but usually we
don't have a problem with it, we just like to book it in advance so we can know what
the interviews about, and that kind of a thing.
Oh, we're just a bunch of dumb kids that are not doing anything special, so.
This is spontaneous, really.
And also, I recognize your kids, you know, in the group, so that's always a big plus.
So, we want to promote, you know, a good hangout environment.
Oh, definitely.
Well, cool.
You want to give a plug to Golf Land?
Any specials going on right now?
Any specials going on right now?
We always have specials.
You can call in advance to find out what they are, Family Night Special or laser tag specials.
Yeah, Saturday mornings on this Saturday, by the way
This past Saturday wasn't it something having to do with
private party
That gonna be the 8 to 10 30 or the 9 to 12
Now all the employees are starting to look at us funny.
You want to do a plug for Orange Lounge Radio?
Well right now I need to get them back to work.
Alright.
Alright.
Any other questions I can answer them but I need to get my employees back to work.
Well thanks for letting us do our crappy show we appreciate it.
Well in your crisis.
You're just doing your job.
There's a promotion for you in the future on it.
and
and your crisis averted
i guess we ought to get out of people's way now we'll take us back upstairs
let's get back and let's get out of the way i think that people's way so
we're going back upstairs so if any of the guests want to come back upstairs as
well
you want to tell you
okay
well that was a great deal
daddy
apparently i'm one of your kids rob the manager pointed out
so yeah this is kind of interesting because um...
we didn't think anything like that would have it but i guess uh... true orange
lounge spontaneous movement there
now as i said we were not gonna stop tape tonight no matter what happens
unless i got a came down the stairs on the screen
stop the tape
so if you get if you kick me in my ass would you keep rolling like yes cream
harder every income on possibly live on by possibly yeah so it sounds like they
like to know about these kind of things in advance because
well they want to do their own little promotions with it i don't know we
should call five minutes ahead and say, hey, we're gonna come, you know, record and stuff, so yeah.
But yeah, that was... That's, that's going on the best stuff. I hope we picked up his audio. I'm kind
of afraid that we didn't get the Golf Line employee's audio. That might have come out
kind of crappy for the listeners. Yeah. It's an experimental show tonight, as I promised. It would
be... You know, we know what we could do. We can just dub over voices if we didn't pick it up.
Maybe when we, maybe what we could do is come back and do that segment in a later show like
the best of will do with voice settings by aryan no you should put in like step
from rejected i'm feeling bad and you know what i'm kind of worried about
though what if this guy actually tunes in and listens though because what do we
do we sit around and we say it offline never updates their machines and they
they're all dirty and things like that now oh well we come here and give our
money that's right so what the hell does he wear a bunch of fat hypocrites
because we've asked off plan but we're the right to complain even if we do pay
of money god damn it so oh they're all coming back oh jamie's jamie's doing some pr work here
oh boy talking talking to the manager yay oh she's trying to sell the tournament right now
hey right on yeah so jamie is jamie going all right he's going bye-bye irene will fill in his
co-host while you're gone yeah well hey jamie's gonna go uh work things out some promising news
maybe oh now this is so this guy is really awesome he's done so much stuff he turned up the
the prepare machine actually i would you recognize this guy is that what and
they'll say here about this employee here says say his name over the air
search or saying good things on doing
very good employee here he sees the one employee we've run into that will fixed
games we ask them to be fixed he has a thing as they are broken he fixes them
like prepare was turned on there's a game called uh... similar next to it
was about five times sluts pepper machine so my my
thing was to go and turn off the sumo machine but now prepare you can hear
from upstairs it's it's insane a lot and i love it
and then this guy this guy has made all kinds of stuff that he's letting us do
this thing here
and uh... it sucks that he's he's leaving pretty soon don't know where to
go and why don't i don't know he's on he's uh... not going to be working here
for too much longer so what he's trying to do
is get james name and number
possibly even like you know the URL for the boards into the right hand so that
these trends will continue to happen on a regular basis
that right on all
oh you made us
body
well
how can i not recognize the mole i i i i i i i think that
i was going to ask him but i was like i don't know you might have been weird
did you did you hear that whole little crisis is going on downstairs
we're trying to do
by a group of people out there was going on
we were trying to do our little online stick program that we do here and we
almost got stopped but
thanks to the nice employee that the bahmani appreciating employee the way
We lucked out tonight. Good thing we didn't have one of the bad managers here.
It was great.
Yes, and Tal's doing all the introductions here.
We're meeting somebody new from the board for the first time, so this is exciting.
Hello.
Dark Tetsuya is his name on the board.
Now we're...
You know Loki and Linky style.
well they were just introduced me a lot of this is a lot i lost i lost the co-host
for this is kind of weird though i mean that they know that my head they went to
the office a lot the door this i don't know if they want
jenny went off with mister golf land guy and i don't know yet maybe they don't
know what for a minute until then i hope she had to put out to keep the show
all mike it's going to kill
i think she's going to kill me i think i think i think that was brad making the
noises
it's hard to let us know like he's now
uh...
all
overall
that's going to go up on the audio i don't know
as the employees were really talking directly to the mike's i don't know how
much of a really got we had made almost got kicked out of golf land for filming
here
for or not filming or taping i call it filming but
we had a lot of you know he if we weren't going to pick up the audio from
the man that you know that in place here in the end of it over with rejected
lion we should anyway
that's all up to ron will say i you know what though that's too much work to do
that kind of doubting with the time i have to put the show on by sunday and
then so
voiceover i'll just voice over it then alright well i don't i'm i'm leaving
pretty soon tomorrow i'm gonna get all this done tonight we'll see
i'm brian and the biggest thing ever
uh... but you
all white too
let's talk to you do you have any sim news for us i don't know if it was
have you seen what you've most
particularly retarded edit
for max three hundred now after the free to think of the book fifty fucking
billionaire
i can't no way to do that ever first off i didn't make the edit this guy get
needed that actually it was one of the ones that was in the data bank on
fitness
about ninety percent of the nyoki edits that nyoki pick are all done by him he's
the same guy plays that they made a edit swing and i'd love it so awesome
yeah but do you think that it is fucking off the house in any
they didn't say that she writes this pretty dear i mean is that he made
sense but i feel like she did actually fight
it's in this
uh... i've got some good news actually came by low and the melting pot are
coming back up october first redesigning the site
uh... what happened was is there a switching servers or something and
one they did that someone bought the main name
for who who says it has someone but team bryler's dot coms name and so now they
had to change it or something, but they're actually still up. You just have to type in
their IP address in order to find it. So they're still up and they said they're going to be
done with the site and everything October 1st. As far as other SimNews, really no new
versions of anything. Turning Mix, I guess, is still going because their media section
is down on DDR, East Coast Invasion. Yeah, I won't be entering this time because I'm
busy with everything else. I swear to God, I never have enough free time to actually
sit down and make, you know, a decent step file. Or I don't have the patience or just
don't care. One of those. And also DDRPC still no new characters, so that sucks.
That was interesting because they released, we thought they were going to kind of be doing
them every Friday. They released What's His Name and What's Her Face on the first week.
And then Valencia and Guy were the second. Yes. And then there were no third ones. No,
nothing, so. Yeah. Wow. This is, I'm still kind of in shock over this interesting turn
the show's taken where Jamie's, uh, gone into the office to talk about God knows what with
the manager. You know, I'm kind of getting worried. Do you think we need to send a rescue
mission? No, you know, actually this might be good because they're talking for a long
time. Yeah, maybe they're talking about a tournament. Yes, I know. Actually they are
talking about the tournament. Really? Yes. From when I was walking by and coming up here
I heard him talking about the tournament, so. I heard the word tournament. Interesting.
So we'll see what happens. Did you hear the words, ugh, ugh, ugh? Stop it! Jamie, you
Hit Brad once you hear this. It's all Brad that's doing all of these funny noises, but my girlfriend's ratting me out. How's that?
Hey
Gosh, get it later. Yes. Yes Joe
and if man if the what's-his-name bands us, I'm gonna be pissed
Imagine if we all get banned from golf land for this then they won't get any money darn shucks
I'll just have to take my business elsewhere
I'll be able to afford an apartment, move out, and actually get on with my life.
Maybe, you know, tune up my car and that kind of stuff. That'd be cool.
This is like the addiction recovery thing. They all ban us from Golf Land, you know.
I'm gonna cut you off.
Hey, there's plenty of other places to play DDR, okay?
Right? Right, Rod?
I guess. Sure. Hello? Is anybody there?
But see, that's the thing. I don't really know if there would be a tournament here seeing how anal they are.
I mean, every single encounter with Golfland employees has been anal, anal, anal.
Except for the nice manager who helps us out tonight.
Yes, he's very nice.
Except for him. He's pretty cool, but everyone else has been kind of anal and stupid.
Did you notice he looks kind of like an overweight Owen Wilson?
But he's very nice.
Yes, but he's got that face like Owen Wilson.
you might be telling him that date and time to listen to this very show
i hope not
and i hope you're going to edit this out of the way that the case in all these
comments and i think i think you're wrong
this is what i know i think
and this is now low-key talking
little kids are going to kick my ass
love to kick my ass so yeah i was kicked by a little kid about the money
They don't kick my ass, they just threaten to kick my ass.
I don't know why, it's not like I look like a little kid or something.
You know where we are? We're in the upstairs part of Golf Land,
and we're surrounded, we're in the happy birthday section, or the party section, whatever,
and there's all these drawings of dragons with really huge nostrils.
Like, what the hell?
Okay, what's up with that dragon right there?
I mean, he looks like there's a bulge coming out of his stomach, and I don't think it's his stomach.
They all look crazy, they all look...
And he's having a very happy birthday.
It's a nostril-saurus or something, God, it's like, crazy.
That's what I find you with the shorts and burning cupcake.
Burning cupcake?
Look out, he's coming right for us!
That's burning heat, my friend. See, now, all those things that you would assume
are, like, confetti, those are actually spots he's seen because he's on acid. I mean, look at his eyes.
Yeah, I could have, like, telephoned operator. There's two conversations going on right now, this show isn't in stereo.
Oh, yeah
Yeah, so I like telephone operator as I was continuing my conversation. Yes. Yes. Yes
So let's get um, interesting talk on I don't know. What are we English? I like ass
Let's get our money
Ass is good bread. Oh
Money
The money's neat and fun and I think the money's super but not laser done this show drunk. Um, I know
We should have gotten more people like playing DDR actually and playing, you know
Hip-hop mania and drum mania. It's an audio thing
Visual aids don't help. Yes, but we could get very good. I'd rather undermine your intelligence
Thank you, Ted, but what is it? Your powers of observation are great
I'm sorry, you have to read 8-Bit Theater, anyway, or maybe not, yeah, so anyway.
Over your head, it's probably too advanced for you for a simple month.
So let's start talking about that.
Yeah, you know, keyboard mania is fixed and working, I noticed, I went down there and
played it.
No, the right side is.
Yeah, the left side has this tendency to make new chords.
We need to tell Dwayne or whatever the hell his name is about it.
Dwayne the nice guy, Dwayne the nice guy, Dwayne the nice guy, Dwayne the nice guy.
His name's Bob, okay.
Dwayne.
It's Bob.
Dwayne.
Bob.
Dwayne.
Dammit, it's Bob, okay?
Dwayne.
Dwayne.
Bob.
Dwayne.
Bob.
Dwayne.
Bob.
You know-
You know, I hope we don't get sued for, like, saying all these people on the radio, but, you know, we have no money and can't get blood out of turnips, so, you know, you'll never take me alive.
That was a cheesy saying.
You know, I come in and I saw that and I'm like, wow, it's on, it's working, and the keys are all intact, oh my god.
Keyboard mania is, I guess, okay.
Just wait one minute, I mean, just wait one, uh, let me, uh, start over.
Just wait a second, there'll be little kids pulling the keys off any minute now.
Oh, no.
No.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, for about a month, actually.
I was, I was just thinking, now, if, like, to be honest, just say, say, if we ever got banned,
how would they support themselves during the winter?
I mean, no one comes in here other than us.
Who would keep, you know, who would run this place?
How would they get the money to run this place?
I think something like that would happen. We're their only source of income in the winter.
Except for maybe, you know, three dollars off Pac-Man or something.
But, um, you know, and that's like a week.
Okay, so, what's gonna happen is they're gonna, we're gonna be, we get banned.
They're gonna be going without us for about a couple of months and realize that they're in debt or something, you know?
Well, let's just put it this way. I mean, I spend unusual, you know,
time coming here about fifteen to twenty dollars and tokens every time which is
why I don't like coming down here all the time because it's really hard in my
account yeah I'm poor but anyways yes so if you know they just cut me off shit
man look at Q's are man if I stop coming there I like spend 15 grand there over
four years okay so sad I have to say though I'm very dishonest when it comes
with two ways I get my tokens I came here tonight played a few games DDR
maybe four five six of them two of those being doubles i came with no money i'm a scrounger
as it were okay so they don't make any money off me so banning me how do you scrounge tokens
exactly you go around baking people or you found him on the ground or why i find the machine or
what he asked me uh you know oh some machines broken tonight i don't tell him i tell him the
ones that i want to play that are broken not the ones that are broken that i get money out of
Uh-huh see I don't shame shame. I'm I'm I don't steal up a donation
Wait wait you're gonna feed this this
Give the money to people who actually okay. I I spend money. I spend
Wow, that's like giving to the Salvation Army, that was incredible.
Thank you.
Ring ring ring, here's my bell.
Well, thanks for being a shout out you want to give here on our little program.
Well, it was good to meet everybody.
I do exist.
I am Vandalous.
Right on.
And I'm out.
Well, thanks for coming.
Nice seeing you.
Goodbye, Vandalous.
Later.
Yeah, the one person Anita's back.
Did you see anything that happened to us downstairs?
We got accosted by the man.
The employee came up to us and said,
I don't think you're supposed to be doing the show here.
I still don't believe that he exists.
I think it was just an elaborate hologram.
Okay.
Anyway, as I was telling Anita,
and finally the manager came out,
but we got the cool manager tonight
who likes the Bamani crowd and does things for us.
So, but Jamie's in his office right now.
now and we don't know what's going on. She's been in there for quite a while there's there's been a
recent plague of child deduction hey hey hey Jamie's no Jamie's not a child it's just just it's been
in this community and stuff so in as we discovered on last week's under station live she has the
voice of a child but she's she's not a child sorry Joe that's scary so we don't know what's going on
We're just gonna keep this show going. We said it would be an experimental show ten point ten point five and and shit boy
This is a train wreck radio live
This show was brought to you by ass here
That's my ass
God, I don't want to touch that my good ass. Are you trained? That's gross. You're nasty on your ass
You know and they're getting that rubbing noise on the air by the way
That's what it sounds like to be against my ass.
I hope you all enjoyed.
I don't ever want to go back there.
There's something...
There's a bad party.
Don't blow into the microphone.
You know what's wrong with this show?
There's no donuts.
That's why!
None of us are hyper.
We could go downstairs and get overpriced cardboard pizza.
No.
I'm pretty hungry.
Maybe.
Not enough for cardboard pizza.
Sometimes though, sometimes though, if you go right before closing you can get free cardboard
pizza.
Wow!
It's like saying you get free shit.
God, I love free shit, I know.
That's like when you're driving down the street, and they have like the big signs that say,
you know, free dirt!
I know!
Free pie!
And the pie is also evil.
It's worse than cardboard pizza, it's foam pizza, come on.
Fertilizer for sale.
Exactly!
Like, who gives a damn?
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, oh.
Charn!
Nope.
Oh, did you think, do we have a Jamie?
Oh, I see.
What?
Nope.
I thought we had a Jamie sighting.
Nope, not yet.
A Jamie sighting, what is she like an alien or something?
No, I'm starting to wonder what happened.
It's a Jamie, oh my god.
When we go into our next break, we won't come back from that break until Jamie's back.
Oh, somebody else is going into the office now.
Oh.
Oh my gosh.
A group thing.
Uh oh.
Oh my gosh.
My gosh.
All right.
What is going on?
Take advantage of nobody being downstairs.
That's what I did earlier.
I was happy.
All right, take care.
Well, now we gotta keep this show going.
What to talk about now?
Anything.
I could give one of our frequent listeners a call, because I said I would at some point
tonight.
Okay.
do it on the radio but I don't know how how well this is going to turn out so
we'll see and after that we could play a game if you want we can hold on I'm
gonna I gotta find my phone my super duper phone your phone in it now this
is experimental radio as I said I don't know how this is gonna go but I did say
at some point in the evening I would give one of our early listeners to the
show early supporter of the show damn it Brad don't call me hey what Brad's
calling me on my phone
so that
i'm good so i i i i i i i i i i i i i did it
yes and there's a delay on cell phones is you know that is not cool
it is a real quickie at the end of the year
people who are
uh...
and what i can hear is that you're talking about
what hello
hello
That is so cool. We're breaking people's speakers as we speak.
Okay, I said we'd call. Yes, back to the track.
Yes. Let's see, we're going to give somebody a call here. We're going to try calling...
I'm sorry, what? She's got a backup topic, if this doesn't work right away.
Okay, we're going to try making the phone call. We'll go to the backup topic if we have to.
Now, I'm going to do my best to try to understand what the guy's saying,
but I don't know how this is going to go. He's a dial-in right now, so...
I'm gonna get him on the phone first. So fill in for me. Okay. La la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Whose bag is it? Oh, I don't know. It's a cute bag though. I am here
And my name is chaos rap is to me like music is Amadeus Wolfgang the famous composer
Well, it's telling me the numbers not available and to leave a message at the south
Oh, well, that's experimental radio right there for you. The number didn't work. Damn it. All right, we'll go
What's on your mind Anita? Well, I have a fuck you. Oh, yes. Okay, such a language. Fuck me or fuck. No, I'm just
well
Yeah
My fuck you of the week is
DVD region codes I
Don't know what you guys think about this, but I can't stand them. I usually don't have a fuck you
I'm usually really mellow.
I really, usually things don't bother me.
She usually has the darn you.
You're just kidding.
What?
But for the past several weeks.
Tell me, have you never been mellow?
So sad.
Have you ever been lonely?
Have you ever tried?
Okay, okay, all right.
All right, anyway, I'm sorry to cut you off.
Okay, well, see, I don't understand region codes because
I suppose they were invented to avoid piracy, correct?
Yes.
Well, they didn't do it.
All that they succeeded in doing is screwing over people like me who want to buy nice DVDs
from other countries that don't have any English translations.
Well, you know, I have a Japanese PlayStation 2 so I can play DVDs with the Japanese region
and I bet if I hooked things up right I could do a dub.
So...
Ooh!
You should give me a call.
We'll talk.
You're gonna do a dub?
No, not a dub.
Not like I'm gonna actually talk and do the dub. I'm gonna like put it in the VCR and tape hit record and
Be a good dubber
Life is on
Stop it
If you don't get that show started dubbing company a dubbing company what we call it
The dubbers
Sacra dubbers
Dubbermentals. Dubbermentals. Dubbers Incorporated. Star Dubbers. Yeah, a dubby-dub. Rub-a-dub.
Lame. No. Oh, that'd be good. Rub-a-dub. Dub-a-rub. I don't know. We should seriously all, you
know, do dubbing for anime. Yeah, I would love to be an anime voice person thing. Who
Who would you want to do the voice for?
Akane Tendo from Ranma.
Give us a sample of what your dub would sound like.
Uh, I don't know any of her lines.
I'm feeling fat and saucy.
You are? I'm sorry, Ralph.
Say, would you like to go to a movie?
Ouch. Ouch.
Yo!
I hate you.
I know what voice you'd like to do.
Who's the name of the main character from La Blue Girl?
Shut up.
I thought it was LA. Or I would do Ranma Chan, the girl side of Ranma. I could do one from her.
I'm going back to China, so suck on that old man.
Excellent.
They're clapping in the background.
They love you. They really love you.
Thank you, thank you. Yeah, I think that would be cool. That would be the ultimate job, but I think only Canadians do that.
Come on, you haven't heard the new Funimation Dragon Ball Z dubs then yet, have you?
They're from Texas.
Are they good?
They're from Texas.
Oh, okay, so that's no.
I thought they did a lot on the East Coast too.
I'm imagining like, I'm gonna throw y'all a fireball, you know?
Like seriously.
Cowdooking.
I know, like.
Wait, that's-
I'm gonna fry some Twinkies with this fireball here or something, like what the hell, I'm
sorry.
Texas you know I'm over here in California hire me anyway so any other
like fuck yous of the week that's mine I'm done for now okay I can't where'd my
fucking co-host go that's my question I guess I'll find out we will find out
after the next break cuz we'll stop tape until we find out what happened to Jamie
yeah I want to know I mean what are we paying her for anyway yeah you didn't
know we give favors I thought we had this discussion we're not getting paid
you may not be but she is she's like taking all of our money you know she's
Chelsea sponsors and she's getting all the money and not giving it to us yeah
Jamie's a black hole and she takes all of her money there you go that was Brad
address cards and letters to lanky style care of anyone care of whatever I that's
why I trail off and don't fail let's talk about the money since this is a
bamani yeah yes so what about the money do you want to I don't know let's talk
about stuff did you guys turn off the microphone on X okay no I thought maybe
the battery ran off for a minute or something okay that would be okay we're
okay yeah oh shit this thing's been on pause the whole time darn no no no no
no I'm not that stupid so about like if we do have a second tournament let's
get that so it'd be scat two or what it'll be it'll be scab Sacramento's
tournament and bowling. That was the idea if we did it at CCL we do stab. Yeah, stab.
Second one is tournament and bowling. I don't know what's going to happen. Let's not give out all of our secrets.
Oh, some stupid laser tag game thing. The next exciting laser tag game starts soon. Laser
knights. Laser knights. Ooh. Have you ever played the laser knights yet? I have played the laser
tag here so many times it is really crappy.
But you have to say good things tonight because they're letting us do our crappy show here. I don't have to say anything good. Alright, you know.
It looks like Owen Wilson, an overweight Owen Wilson.
That is lanky style.
What?
L-A-N-K-Y.
K-Y.
My emphasis on the K-Y.
You know, I saw this license plate that said K-Y lady.
Like, who wants to advertise that you're the K-Y lady?
Oh, here's somebody who hasn't been on this show yet tonight.
Everybody say hello to Somnia Megasex, also known as Ryan.
Hello, Ryan.
What is this?
Like, live broadcast for him?
And Dan the man's coming up too.
Now this is going to be interesting because we're going to have to explain to Dan what happened to Jamie.
We don't know what happened to Jamie.
I don't know what happened to Jamie either. But we lost your fiance Dan.
We lost Jamie.
Dan comes in, come tell us the gossip on Jamie once she's not here.
She's in the office right now with the manager.
She's completely insane.
How so?
You know her.
That was Dan, the man, ladies and gentlemen.
This is quite true.
So, yeah, did you see us downstairs at the beginning of this segment?
We almost all got arrested.
Really? No, I'm just kidding.
Oh, damn. This is how the story changes, like, you ever play telephone?
No, one of the employees came up to us and said, oh, what do you guys do? And I said it was a school project, you know.
This is really redundant for our listeners.
Yeah.
Because that's the only school I know about.
yeah rodney my charm school so i'm the only one here
that actually looks like i'm in high school because i am
and what are we were just your cousins
yes you're all you know i'm i don't know if you are
you're all my you're all my parents all of you
i'd like to write down now watch my damn car
so long story short manager came down but it was the good manager the nice
manager support and i hear golf on the one employee the lights
of the money players and now they're in office right now we think they're
talking about a tournament possibly but we don't know he not to spread rumors
prematurely but you know what i have a turn i don't know if we're on a radio
and we're spreading rumors or anything like that right ok no one listens to the
show or ok opa
yeah this show is on every sunday night from uh... seven o'clock till nine
o'clock you don't even know yet big pots
like like how do i listen to it
how do you listen to it well this is kind of redundant for our listeners are already
listening
we're just going to go to our website they may not know the website h t
uh... if you look at my signature on sac baumanni or d r freak and sky high
uh... sky i don't kill me please not d j mico's for you
it's in my signature but the website is orange lounge all one word dot sky s
carry dot c x
and that's the website
just like the old secretary monier just like the old one except this orange
lounge idea
right and i was in on its hands you know what something maybe the listeners of
this live show don't know
when we're not on the air to live talk show we got the money music a more plan
twenty four hours a day dance mania tracks
to the xd r
so i gotta give me a second of like an hour to each day where i can just run to
what you want to know if you want to say anything to our listeners you got an
opportunity here
uh...
it's yeah as as i read
jumps to unplug my mic uh...
no uh... i don't gotta say that much i mean the community's
uh... doesn't know this is a nationwide work i was out of the world and i want
to have had
i would say hello to our listeners in japan cuz i see there's people from japan
listening every week yeah i know and that's why i have seen a couple from
chile
apparently yet today
it's and i just remind everyone in chile you are big gay representative is here
that's right skies up in the game
thank you thank you very much
no i don't know i need to know a little bit is that it's like tourist japanese
may probably get all pissed off and stuff to all i needed to say something
to say that i saw a japanese was there
combine what
thank you for saying good evening she just told us a fuck off what's wrong
yet knowing this though although all the only really cool kids who speak american
american right
you had a great bastard
You are stupid American funny joke big American party
This guy and Dan walks by and calls you stupid. He does that every day
Every every day at work this happens
Mexicans kick-ass why is that cuz they'll sell you liquor Mexican?
I thought it was cuz all the gas you got after you ate their food
you know what yeah and only if you eat it only if you consider Taco Bell to be
Mexican food you drink if you want to get rid of the gas drink the water all
right what okay wait I tried that I tried that Ted I don't think it worked
for me really that was a joke okay play along Ted okay let's talk about Anita's
tattoo has a tattoo on her arm I never knew that she's a bad mama oh yeah what
That's a dragon, right? Yes. Okay. Yeah
Again, it's a three-toed dragon from Japan. Awesome, dude. Actually, I got it in San Antonio, Texas
It's balls are orange. I mean balls, right?
And I've had it for
Well see
11 years 12 years Wow
I'm sorry, she's
Never ask a lady her age. Yeah, so don't ask Rob
his age I can believe it out if you want I'm trying to find a clever way to say
how old I am but I told enough old enough to not to know better than to
tell you the reflex is a she's married that's all you need to know that's more
than you need that was like a reflex I swear to God I did not want to ask you
The reflex is a...
You just let your feelings show
Life is a mystery
Guys won't give it to me until I'm 18 because it's child abuse
What?
What?
What are you going to get a tattoo of?
Actually, I would be able to show you, but I don't have anything here with the thing on
It's just going to be...
Chihuahua
Oh!
Oh, she's coming out of the office now
She's coming out. She's drenched in sweat. Where's the time at? Where are we at? Oh, you know what it's time for a break Rob.
We're gonna go to break and when we come back from break. You're keeping us in suspense!
We're gonna find out what happened with Jamie in the office. Is that our person? You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Semi-live here tonight at Roseville Golf Land who is gonna let us do the show here after all as opposed to throwing our asses out
on the street. Thank you! We'll be back.
I'm rockin' steel, don't stop the fire, boy, burnin' out the gold
Get to the nail, go to the fire, boy, burnin' the sky, let's rock and roll
Yes I do
Ignition my transmission nuclear fission make or go
I need it, got it, feel it, Fireball, burn it out of control
Got heaven, steel, tears, hell, it's great, the challenge is on load
We need the engines, feel it, Fireball, burn it out of control
I'm gonna getcha!
We're gonna get the top down, we're gonna get the all three down.
Let's getcha!
It's great, man!
Bad city, bad, bad city, bad city, bad
Get up in the mornin' it's a crack and a thong You hustle like you have all day
Things that a man has to do for a livin' Just to keep the reaper away
Somebody give me a break I've had a thought that nobody can take
Nobody gives you Nobody sees you
Bad, bad, b tags, b tags, b tags, b tags.
Bad, bad.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
We see the bumblebee, I know what you want from me.
Do-do-do-do-da-da, do-do-do-da-da.
Please be the one who'll be more than just a fantasy
Doo-doo-doo-doo-dah-dah
Doo-doo-doo-doo-dah-dah
My heart kicks a beat when you walk in the room
I go boom, boom, boom, you go zoom, zoom, zoom
You're my favorite place or lover, my friend
I wanna be with you until the end
I hear my heart and my soul for you
To make you see it through
I am so confused, baby can't you see
Please come rescue me
Please be the Bumblebee,
I know what you want from me
Du-pe du-pe du da da, du-pe du da da
Please be the Bumblebee,
more than just a fantasy
Du-pe du-pe du da da, du-pe du da da
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Do do do da da do do do da da
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Do do do da da do do do da da
I start to cry when you are about to go
You go bye bye bye, I go why why why
I'm so lonely and only waiting for you
To come back and tell me I love you
I give my heart and my soul to you To make you see it through
I'm so confused, baby, can't you see? Please come rescue me
Sweet little bumblebee, I know what you want from me
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Super duper good at it
You've got to do it all right
You are the light of my heart
You are the light of my heart
Oh, whether you would see me there
Oh, whether you would see me there
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Alright, and we're back from that little break we took of music. Hope you enjoyed it. And
Jamie is back. Jamie has a headache. Now, oh my gosh, what went on in there? Just being
so enthusiastic. Basically, we're a go. We're gonna have a tourney here. That's what you're
speculating out here. Probably setting up some kind of tournament for Rosalind. That's
And I can't go into too much detail right now, but it's initial right on we're going to get us going now
You didn't have to do anything naughty to make that happen right no
No, you know I had to ask did my fiance's downstairs. I know he called you insane during the last break. Don't you know it?
He lives with me. Do you have any retorts? Oh now you guys if I'm insane Dan's like freaking retarded
I think Brad and Irene are leaving now, so
So I'll use my little, yeah, so they're going to, as soon as they close, we're going to
end the show.
Golf Line's closing in a few minutes, so as soon as they close, we're going to end the
show.
You guys have anything you want to say, goodbyes or anything like that?
Sayonara.
This has been quite the interesting show tonight, fellas, ladies, gentlemen.
I'm sure we can you're just gonna go home and put this on it's gonna be on Sunday like every other show okay
Yeah, good
We don't have a time to edit some funny little things in there like a little dubbing over not really cuz I'm leaving
I'm skipping town tomorrow, so okay
Lucky you yeah lucky me all right have fun at work while I'm off. You know in the back you that's my fuck you
You go and have your fun five-day vacation
four four days moneys off well if you count Thursday night oh I'm only out
Friday I didn't know you're not you know listeners really want to know this crap
no no the listeners this is a little break from the banana banana that's true
it's an experimental show tonight Jamie goes he's gonna tell us they're not
gonna be able to contain themselves I'm moist I'm or I was moist I have to go
clean up okay Jamie here you go are you are you getting ready to go Irene do you
want to say any goodbyes? Bye! I'm going to miss everyone. Yeah, okay bye. You're going
to miss everyone with everything you throw. Is your aim improving? Yes. Irene's aim is
improving. You heard it here first. Anita, are you taking off too? Any last shout outs
you want to give or anything about goodbyes you want to say? Well, bye everybody. It's
It's been really fun doing the show and the money all the way loot rock on.
Did you want to give a shout out to your, your friends, this new shirt, this new shirt
you're wearing here in honor of my step squad family.
I need to go ahead and let you guys know I am wearing my shirt tonight and about it's
not TV.
Iguana girl and I both had a Heineken in your honor on the plane.
Of course we were too broke on the way back to have one other woman, but we had, we had
one for our Step Squad homies, so, yo. Right on. Holla! I guess in reference to the promo
that Step Squad did at Mt. Mike's Journey. So how are you liking this Wednesday night
taping? Ted loves it. He wants us to do this more regularly, more often. As long as we
let him know in advance, I guess. Who do we have to let know now? Well, now that you have
an inn. Ooh. You have an inn. Um, I guess we'll just let him know a week before. Okay,
this is a burning question. Loki says his name is Bob. I think it's- Dwayne. Dwayne.
Ah, Loki's wrong. Would you win like a dollar? Loki was just being an ass. He was being an
ass, but I'm right. Uh, moral of the story, you're right. Yes, exactly, as always. I'm
hungry. Well, I suppose this is an idea we can continue to do in the future if, um, you
know, we want to take another week off or whatever, cause that happens sometimes. Weeks
off or nice yep we saw like sleep go to bed early one night I guess yep maybe I
can convince Dan to have a barbecue and I guess I can have you know barbecue
tofu or something since I'm having you know barbecue up some shrimp for me or
something bye everybody thanks for coming
of course when we're doing this here at golf land and pre taping we can't really
interact with our chat room right now like we can't experience like I'm sure
SoCalKicks is in the chat room right now and he's promoting USA and yelling at us when
we're dissing Konami in any way and Twen probably has some new Hell remix that he's distributing
amongst the folks.
How did we get about our resident joker?
Our resident joker is probably in there, Pyro is probably saying some things and talking
about how boring we are tonight because we're not talking about 3-TittedEmmy.
Pantsless rage, yo.
Pantsless rage, he bounces.
And Slinky's probably just very bitter that he's not here.
We miss you Slinky!
It's...
I don't know, what else is there to say right now?
Any other Bemani news going on?
I haven't eaten anything today, except a cupcake and some chocolate covered espresso beans
and this like, orange creamsicle Dutch ice drink thingy.
Yum!
I'm nutritious today, that's probably why I have a headache, my god.
I have Evangelion Redeath though, that's awesome, I'm gonna watch the hell out of that tonight.
Good stuff.
Apparently though, I think that the lovely people at Gravity, who basically made Ragnarok online, has blocked the servers.
I could not get on. I'm going to try again.
I can only read like the Kana where it says server word not works.
So I need to figure out the rest of it out.
I'll have an update on my addiction online RPG, so yay.
Right on.
I'm sure everyone's so interested.
Well, you know, if people are online
and they're not listening to our show
and they're not listening to the Bollywood Music Amore,
I don't know why they wouldn't be.
But, you know, those are fun things to do.
I played right back.
I turned off the background music.
See, this is one reason we are on a modem-friendly stream,
even though we know a lot of people are on DSL these days.
We reach out to the modem, the folks still on modem,
and those on dsl can still
do other stuff they're not there but i was not a sucked down when they came to
let down i would be on dial-up listening and playing ragnarok so i'll hour and i
think you know it's possible that you know believe in yourself
and then you have to leave the music that's not bad at it
i gotta believe
dojo casino it's all in the mind
as we get a lot of looks we were trying to enter in the last thing that when you
We were trying to say things to our Japanese listeners because we noticed that there are people in Japan listening every week
So I wanted to say something like a hello or something, but none of us knew Japanese. So you have anything you want to say?
Nihonjin no minna san. Domo arigatou gozaimashita.
Shite kudasai.
She just told me to go to hell. I think if I said it as properly as I could I said
And everyone of our Japanese listeners, we thank you very much for listening, and please
keep listening.
And not just Japan, but worldwide.
Canada, we got a lot of listeners.
Unfortunately, I forgot my French.
Up there in Canada.
Yeah, give a shout out to our Canadian moderators, yo, for DBR Freak.
And Europe, also our Chile, of course.
Can't forget Chile.
And to all of our moderators in Alabama and the Mideast, and for all the people who didn't,
you know, the moderators who didn't get to go, we missed you there.
I just have to say right now, Mad Love to my fellow DDR Freak moderators, I had a wonderful
time with you guys.
And Mad Love to Melody for coming from out of town and entertaining me and being the
guest on last week's show.
Is that...
It looks good that Melody came.
We were having a...
I had to talk to her on the phone.
Oh yes, that's right, while we were in the mall to talk to Melody.
We were at a strip mall, in the cab on the way to strip mall to go to game land.
It was kind of a support group because she had her... her boyfriend was out of town and
one of my best friends was out of town in vegas so uh...
you know we had to have a support group of uh... you know or pouting is we're
not in vegas time but
i'm i'm going to get to vegas at some point in the next few months so just a
warning you vegas folk i will take the tape recorder
unfortunately
uh... we didn't
coordinated we just weren't thinking i guess and didn't get jimmy the tape
recorded take whether to vegas so she could
uh... disinter use down there like she did an awesome job of the dollar many
interviews a couple of those back
uh... but
I did make a mention to a couple of my fellow moderators that I'd love to have them on the show.
Rad! Good.
And you know, of course I always want to have Mel back on.
Uh-huh. And there is a possibility in the future we'll have a few of the members from RTF on the show in the future.
It's gonna be very cool. I'm hoping so.
I'm hoping so too.
I would love to get Rain on. I would love to get, you know...
I would love to just have an RTF show, have the guys there.
Have like, you know, my Step Squad people here.
Right. And even if we can't get you guys here, you know what, we travel too.
as is shown from Jamie going out of town last week, going to Vegas.
We might go out to SoCal. I might be going to SoCal in a few weeks.
So we'll be doing some taping down there if I go down there. I'll be sneaking off in Rob's
trunk a la, you know, Sprytle from, you know,
Speed Racer. Well, we're trying to swing it. Anybody want to be Chim Chim?
I don't know if I can swing the time off work right now or there might actually
be another commitment going on with Undersedation Live. The show I do on
Saturdays at Undersedationlive.org.
I'm the number one guest there.
I'm trying to swing one weekend.
Excuse me, I have hiccups.
Semi-live radio, ladies and gentlemen.
I will scare them out of you.
Vanilla ice!
I'm dying, I'm dying.
We're trying to go back.
Myself, Melody, and Mel B, and my boyfriend Glenn, we're all going to try to go down to
the Price is Right.
we'll see what happens cuz i i've been there before that black sizes right
factored into the trip to vegas
yet has to do with the with monday morning with all of this pile up in in
day like you're watching the prices right
hollering at as one woman like
uses to produce lose lose let me tell you what the showcase two cars
hahahahaha one car in her normal and she wants to get a dollar on the wheel
and then came in again
she was showcased which was another car a motorcycle and kitchen appliances and
this one was just stupid that's what you get for yelling at that so you know what
we're laughing car
taxes taxes taxes taxes
so
that was just the funniest thing here and you know shouts from the bed
let's just sit with the champion
you know it's funny is that i can hear somebody playing cock away from here
i've heard that song so damn many times i can
here
the company is awesome did you hear a lot of our power is here now
yeah i don't think you hear it like a way out here it's ten times as much as
it used to be as that they have been on your seat to our second did you all
make a night of fire earlier
liar made a fire
uh... made out by a i want to see
right up there
yes i was sitting down across from it normally the way of the way they had it
had a solo you could barely hear when you're playing
and i'm sitting there and i'm singing along the european i don't even notice
this
at the end of the song ago there and i play and i might i come back and i sit
down on my you guys
it's really loud
is apparently she's really i didn't even notice until i like
i was sitting here saying with the freakin song i don't even notice it's
like oh they're my ears are hurting because he really has a really loud to
you know that
but let me know is actually audible although not very loud yeah you can hear
that i could really hear keyboard mania
uh... i think that uh...
One thing, that video right there, the Evangelion, it's an anime, it reminds me of something I just got about two weeks ago.
Oh.
Okay.
You might want to check your local grocery outlet, as I do, every now and then.
Grocery outlet.
I found the entire series of Bubble Gum Crisis there for two dollars.
Dub or sub?
Both.
Awesome, DVDs?
Yes.
I will check.
Although I already have, you know, two of the laser discs.
Wow, man.
And Bubble Gum Crisis laser disc and...
I'm just saying though, um...
Recently, the one down in Rockland here on Sunrise has been getting all kinds of DVDs
and books, good books, computer games even.
All kinds of stuff.
Just two dollars.
Everything.
I will check it out.
Thank you for the info.
All right.
Any of you who live anywhere near here.
You heard it on Orange Lounge Radio first, y'all.
So do we have any more things to say to the listener?
All right.
I'm going to hand it back to Rob now.
All right.
Y'all.
Hi.
So did you hear the news about why Jamie was in the office for so long?
I was eavesdropping, yes.
I did hear a little bit, but what did you hear? I heard something about attorney. Yes
It is official once again aiming for the November ish range. You know not committing to a day yet
We don't probably want to avoid turkey weekend or maybe not because a lot of people be off school turkey weekend
So maybe that's something to look at who knows?
Speaking from experience last year went on vacation a lot of occasion not so soon. We'll see the tickets to turkey are really expensive
I'm thinking either weekend before or weekend after Turkey as in like not the ones immediately
next to it but like way after or right proceeding you know why don't hopefully um but it is
official we will be having tournament here at Roseville Golf Plan what else can we talk
about to close the show out here with I have a really bad headache really why stop I don't
I don't know. Probably because I haven't hardly eaten anything and haven't slept with any.
Well, we need to go eat before we go home.
I need to eat.
Here's your bad joke. Well, we're gonna go eat then.
Let's go, like, you know, on a rampage and, you know, be cannibals or something.
Hey, when you guys-
Baby!
Post something on, uh, Sacramento Money, man.
Well, we're- not just Sacramento Money, because it's not just gonna be a Sacramento thing, it's gonna be everywhere.
We'll post on Sacramento Money, we'll post on DDR Freak.
Hell, you give me- you email us at OrangeLoungeRadioYahoo.com, we'll come spam your local board, even if you're in, like, Taiwan.
We're going to plug our tournament on your board because it's going to be the biggest damn thing ever.
We'll have to use one of those online translator services to be able to post.
My horrible, horrible Babel fish.
No, I found a really nice Japanese one, but I'll be posting that on our forums.
Make it big and shiny, you know, so I can find it.
Hold on.
Because I'm retarded and I can't browse.
You'll know. Trust us.
About that translator, yeah, I really like it. It's cool.
Oh, the new one? The new one you found? Tell them about this.
man i don't remember the set up top of my head but it is it's actually a
japanese translation program
well translation website uh... and he has a japanese native site
that will translate
and japanese text to english nearly flawlessly or if you want to page
through it
it will have to leave the kanji katakana hit it up
and put english text underneath it and you can even read fan fiction with that
thing is so good while on top of that also translates english to japanese and
a fairly reasonable patterns you can actually put something under look
relatively literate
have you guys heard the news about why jamie was in the office for so long
from what i understand she was talking with the tech right
we are going to be having tournament here
winner cause i just spent a good
ten minutes talking with mr tech guy to fix every bmani machine
because like
i was talking to him and he's like hey you know the soul caliber is broken
and says i have you would you mind coming with me we have a nice tour of the
arcade i'd like to take you on
oh that's sweet
and he's like, hang on, let me get my clipboard.
It was lots and lots of happy fun.
Yeah, I have to say, I want to give him a major kudos,
you know, the kudos are the size of Roseville Golf Land.
We give Roseville Golf Land a lot of crap on this show.
Well, maybe a little bit, but uh...
Really, this is the best arcade in town. This is the best arcade in town.
One of the great places to play. But someone should let Shiggle Boss know that
the people are big deal don't actually know what he's talking about
in regards to four plus that's really a good i talked to a doing that and he's
like uh...
you know i just don't know about that today it would lead to believe that
jamie told him that i have a good
that means that because i thought you might have no other talking about but
uh...
i decided like the kind of my care
paid to do you know i came he was in the office for so long
uh...
i didn't like you know i did
letters that they should be in fact
that i have no did you have your
but yeah i'm so
we're gonna have happy fun turning do you think that too
question for most of the will not be called scats you it'll be
parties you know one
but that's not a generic restore
it's not a regular plan
cleverly have to think of it and i don't know what we don't be like
legal one
middle one in
political order whatever
she don't know i love how we try so hard to make this uh... national we keep
talking bay area we will not have a tournament named after crap
uh...
but it's what made us unique we will not have a tournament named after crap
political extent of the
second opportunity in bowling
that uh...
decided that i had a
at a minute named after bodily functions as in scab forming or feces
uh...
uh... and i don't know where he's going to tell
how about like uh...
sacramental sacramentals uh...
uh... upstanding uh... citizens
car i don't know rob
how about we call it
second money dot com prevents
prevents
prepared that's crap
he's happy but he prevents tournament
you know you're not going to play the machine done it
at the orange lounge owns you shut but the orange lounge owns you turny
that way
uh...
dude
you're going to be along for a discussion of what you know that
second money dot com presents the tournament
just
that's all you do is the tournament
dude you know we've got to do something cool though
because we we made ourselves unique last year
by at the uh... fulsome game room fdr
by uh... doing freaking scat
sacramental cosplay and terry
now everybody made fun of us for that
but it's still everybody remembers scat
who the hell remembered miggle two point five
okay
we'll see we'll see what happens but it will not only for those of you out there
miggle is milkinga golf land, sugol, sunny valley golf land, shiggle is southern hill
golf land
cvgl is uh... central valley golf land etcetera etcetera
it looks like they're shut down golf land right now so it's just a matter of
seconds before we get kicked out so
well i work on the term in details will have that for you will post on all the
local boards about that but of course this is a national term in if you have
any tournaments in your area you want to talk about on the show
drop us an email orange lounge radio at yahoo dot com if you've got a tape
player microphone
type kit that you can take to your local arcade in film the tournament heard you
You know, I say film, but I mean, you know, tape the tournament and get interviews.
We'd love to hear it.
Give us a five to 10 minute package on your local tournament and we'll layer it here on the show.
Our listeners just missed the anguish screams of being mania was shut down.
So anyway, it's time for us to end the show.
So you got any final thoughts?
My final thoughts is feed me, CMO.
Feed me all night long.
Uh, my final thought is thanks to everybody for listening to this very experimental issue.
Shine, get!
Thanks.
maria said such and get
thanks everyone for listening to this very experimental show
i saw a really ugly chicks it looked like a horse she scared me
scariest thing in the world i lost my combo there do you think that any last
words from punk night
it hurts
it's like your cd request
uh... actually um... i don't have any copies made on my seat there might
use
I kind of lost all the files that were for the cover and everything, but I will be making a revision, so...
Well, fine, I'll plug mine. You can listen to my music, Loki, which is also known as Nightmare Hunter on mp3.com.
It's www.mp3.com slash Nightmare underscore Hunter, and that's it.
Dan, come over here.
Alright, we gotta hurry up and end this show.
The final word needs to be made from Dan.
Wait, wait, wait, the final word from Dan. Hold on, we're gonna go over and get the final word from Dan.
and this is nice and we're in the show of the insane here we go final word from
that
it's time to go
but my boss
well sorry one more time
uh... he lived at the kids like his balls and really no one can handle
ryan's crowd of the and thanks for listening to show we'll see you next
week
you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Sommers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Mmm, silent cream.
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
