It's a video tape! Put it in! Put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain nudity, Orange Lounge may
contain many four-letter words, hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Ms. Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
One, Warner's, disco.
Missed it by that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy. Cat.
Thirty-seven. My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks.
In a row?
And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest thing could bite.
So you get nothing. You lose. Good day, sir.
Dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a strange journey.
Dark Sakura
I hate nature!
I just wish the world would explode and then I could take over hell.
Sky
Do I look like the weather girl?
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live and this is episode number 14 for September the 29th of 2002.
You're tuned in to the Bimani Scene's most incredible radio station of all things, Bimani!
We are the greatest Bimani Talk radio program ever.
We are the only Bimani Talk radio program ever.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always is our resident happy bunny.
Everyone, please say hello to Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakoda.
You smell like butt.
We've got a few people around here tonight.
I'm going to introduce them one at a time.
We've got Matt, also known as Loki.
Hello.
We've got Dave.
We had some other people, but they ran away.
There's beef in the other room.
That's why they ran away.
Beef is bad.
They got enticed by some big beef.
Beef is bad.
It's hiding in the other room.
Beef is bad.
he's like murder and murder tastes good
to quote dennis leary i will tell you right now this is going to be one of
those shows because i will get into it later
uh... if you want to go ahead and send your fus of the week just join our chat
room at i r c dot eight heads dot org
any other side i r c server you're just going to join
channel pound
orange lounge
and uh... we'll be talking everybody else a little bit more later but first
we're going to take a quick break and we're gonna play some old school 2d x
songs because they're cool
any other opening thoughts from you jim
red dragon to starring jimmy summers
had started
All right, we'll be right back
You know what you wanna do, believe it or not, I'm still sure I will see you through.
Even if it's not for you, sure, I will see you through
No, no, I won't leave it when I can't keep it strong
Understand, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You need to set me free, keep me from waiting
To unlock the truth of life
Even if it's not for you, even if it's for you
They're tied to things that you will never have to find
Your future holds all that you wish for it to have
Find an emo, have fun while you can
And remember, turn the clock
I'm the 23rd Megasaur source for useless Bahmani stuff comes our Bahmani science lesson of the
From the 23rd Megas, our source for useless Bimani stuff, comes our Bimani Science Less
of the Day.
Not even the Orange Lounge is immune to the effects of gravity.
Alright you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, a big thanks to 23rd Magus for sending
us that promo we just used to come back in on, unfortunately it came out a little quiet
but we'll work on getting that a little louder for future broadcasts of that promo because
we need more promos on this show because I'm getting lazy, I'm getting lazy so the audience
needs to take care of that for me if they want.
I'm just reading some things in the chat room, if you do want to join our chat room go to
any other side IRC server and just join channel pound orange lounge
and uh... they're just talking about those songs uh... that we played panorama
and shine on
and uh... all sorts of different opinions on that
uh... what do you want to do first
we want to talk about Max USA or we want to talk about FU
well I'm just trying to self out a positive bit
okay we're going to talk about Max USA
DDR MAX
basically I've gotten a little bit of information about the release of DDR Max
sure for everyone who's been looking on DDRFreak. You've seen the release of the box art. If
you have not, just go to DDRFreak.com and it should be the second announcement there.
There's a direct link to the box art. I warn you it is a very large image. It's very high
quality though. There's also a few hints on what you might be hearing on the new version.
Yes. You can also check it out over on SoCalKicks.com. One of our faithful listeners, SoCalKicks,
has a site that's pretty much very up to the minute on all the Max USA news, and one thing
that we found out through the cover, and I'm going to pull up the cover because some people
in the room here haven't, ah shit, sorry about that, I haven't pulled up the cover for some
people in the room here, I'm going to do that right now if I can find it, let's see, but
the cover of DDR Max USA is kind of bluish and it gives away some things, it says featuring
dance hits by Darude, Aurora, JS16, and Reel to Reel.
So we kind of get some hints on some licensed songs through that information.
We find out that Aurora did Ordinary World, so that's definitely going to be on there,
and JS16 did Stomp to My Beats, so that'll definitely be on there.
And I do believe, I get bragging rights, because I think last week on this show I said, if
any song turns up in DDR Max USA, it'll be Ordinary World.
I don't know about you guys, but I think the legs on that chick look really fucked up in
the picture.
I mean, it doesn't look right.
If you think about it in terms of the rest of how her body should be, it's just all fucked
up.
What the hell?
They look like parachute pants.
I think that he did a very nice picture, a very nice job with that background.
It's very detailed, like the hand especially.
very nice rendering and what's also kind of cool about the background you can see
some freeze arrows in there so kind of teases the video from third mix take
that down now so some interesting things there and of course Darude is best known
for a song of theirs called sandstorm which you might have may or may not have
heard now speculation is that that will be the song that will turn up in DDR Max
USA although who knows you have a different you have a different opinion
Matt, do you?
Well, there's another song that's pretty much the same song.
It's Feel the Beat.
It's got a lot more stuff that they could do with instead of Sandstorm, which is the
same thing repeating over and over and over and over and over and over again.
I actually have an MP3.
We can play that later on in the show, if you'd like.
Yes.
This is Sandstorm for those that maybe haven't heard the song before, so if you have an idea
of what you can look forward to, possibly.
We don't know yet.
Hopefully get confirmation on that very soon in the near future, so there's a little teaser
of that for you.
And then Reel to Reel did that song, I don't have an audio copy of it unfortunately, but
it goes like, I like to move it, move it, I like to move it, you might know that, you
know it.
I haven't heard that song at all.
You'd probably know it if you heard it, you'd probably be surprised at what you've heard,
so.
We also, I did get, you know, I asked if it was okay for me to say so, the tentative date
is going to be November 5th.
It could possibly be pushed back a week after that, but that's what I have so far as a release date.
So get over to GameStopper or EB or wherever that you like to go and reserve your copy, like now.
November 5th. Buy your copy. Purchase your copy. Spend money on this copy.
And so that's very cool. We got a... hopefully it's tentative release date, but it sounds pretty certain it's
going to be November 5th.
And as mentioned last week in the
October 8th issue of the official PlayStation Magazine will be a demo of DDR Max USA, so
go check that out.
And actually, that was the other bit of news that was released this week.
Some people have gotten their hands on that demo.
And also, I believe DDR Freak has the news, as does SoCalKicks.com, as does most of your
faithful Bomani news sites out there.
There are some pictures out there of the DDR Max demo, and what it does reveal is that
Secret Rendezvous is going to be one of the songs on Max USA, which is, YES!
You can get your hot lesbian action on with Secret Rendezvous, which is interesting because
that means there's a Max 2 song in there, so who knows what other Max 2 songs might
turn up.
Perhaps, I'd like to see, you know, like Burning Heat or Kakumei.
You want Burning Heat?
Who knows?
I don't want Burning Heat personally, but I'd like to see it in DDR, yes.
though.
Just to make sure that you get a release of copy, I just think it's funny though how they
replace the kanji with the little three letter acronyms for the, not acronyms, that's not
a good word, but abbreviations.
And standard is apparently STD.
STD, so if you're playing a song on trick, it's now you're STD.
So make sure you wear those latex shoes.
You need to talk about your new shoes that you got, Jamie.
Did my shoes get ash?
You've got burning heat shoes on today.
Okay.
Unfortunately, we don't have our cam on today because it's really dark in here.
I will scan my shoes so that everyone can see and put them up on the SAC-Vimani forums.
But they've got little flames on them, so it looks like the Max2 logo.
So she's got burning feet, we all say.
I'm going to replace the laces with black laces so now they're all sleek and cute.
My shoes own, and I got them at the Vans outlet.
The other thing the demo reveals, there's no.5 speed mix.
That was something that was on the E3 demo that's not on this demo.
So who knows if it's going to be on the final release or not.
There are no dark mode.
Rumors saying not because of technical issues,
but who knows what they're going to do.
The demo also did not include foot rankings,
which was something that's supposedly supposed
to be in the final release.
So that might be added later.
We just don't know yet.
Just saying for the preview, there
are no foot rankings currently.
So that's about all we see for right now.
Let The Beat Hit Em, Look To The Sky, Exotic Ethnic, and Secret Rendezvous, all playable with this month's official PlayStation Magazine.
So, we'll definitely get our hands on that and share our thoughts on it with you once we get it.
We're still working on it.
Yes.
So, let's see, any other chat room?
They're saying they want to see, like, Long Train Runnin', The Whistle Song, and, uh...
Foot Rankings will be in the final release.
We have some information in there.
Some insider scoop.
The last thing to be put in is going to be the foot rankings, so they're still working
on it.
They're encouraging us not to share our thoughts, but to share an ISO of the demo.
No.
You've got to go out and buy a PlayStation magazine.
Go out and buy your copy.
Now, this one thing that we're always going to say is that for any release that comes
out in America, make sure that you spend your money and buy the copy because we will not
Any other thoughts on Max USA, things that they need to do quickly before the final release,
other songs we hope to see?
Any opinion?
Well actually if you look really really really really really closely in the background of
Max USA, the cover. You notice in really, really, really small print hidden in there,
it says, yes, there will most definitely be Let Them Move in this version. So just, you
know, to warn you guys, watch out for that.
No.
I'm pretty sure it's been confirmed by Jason himself that Let Them Move will not be a song,
but I heard a rumor that it might be the training mode song. Who knows?
It better not be.
I don't know.
training mode. Like in third mix.
Why don't you just get rid of training mode and give us a couple more songs?
I use training mode to listen to my edits with the clap assist on.
I'm sorry, actually we're confusing lesson mode and training mode.
Yeah, lesson mode, not training mode.
Training mode is the one where you can slow down the song and all that stuff.
Lesson mode is where you learn how to play TDR.
Lesson mode to just keep, you know, like in third mix they had the pimp song, you know, after the game of love.
Did they? Oh yeah, that's right.
It's when you're not quite ready for the STDs, you go to lesson mode.
And remember, wear latex shoes so you don't catch those STDs.
Yes.
You're like poor little Miss Muffet who sat on her trumpet.
Oh, Black Lab suggests that instead of Max 300,
Let Them Move will be the extra stage.
Everyone will be failing Max because they'll be throwing up or something.
Bleh.
Let them bleh.
Alright, so we started on a positive note. Shall we go to the FUs of the Week? What do you think?
Uh, sure.
Alright. You got one, Jamie?
Yes.
Alright, let's start off, as we always do, with Jamie's FU of the Week, which turns in always to everybody's FU of the Week. So, here you go.
My FU of the Week goes to Taco Bell.
I hadn't eaten a damn thing all day, I get to Taco Bell and I wanted to have a nice chicken
grilled stuff burrito and I wanted a chicken mixed with milk.
My chicken mixed with milk was yummy but I had tomatoes on it but I forgot.
Anyway, we get over here to Rob's place and I take a bite into my chicken grilled stuff
burrito and it's beans, all beans, all beans and a little bit of rice and then I found
one piece of chicken in the whole damn thing
and i paid for chicken
okay that was beautiful
my f-u of the week
is to roseville golf land
yeah that's right i need to change the song here
oh petite love oh boy
what an f-ing cool song
yay okay
my f-u of the week is to roseville golf land
even though they did upgrade both their guitar freaks and drummania machines
says they have eighth and seventh notes respectively
they broke guitar freaks already after one hour
one hour it's a new record
they can't upgrade it's a new record
you've got a new record save it on the memory card
no but
it's really shitty now
i play drummania a lot and that's cool but if i want to play session mode
too fucking bad
because guitar freaks they already fucked it up and they haven't even started playing
yet. It was open I think for one hour. Actually, if you think about it, it wasn't as bad as
when they got it to 7th Mix. The 7th Mix, they couldn't even play it. It just broke
because of some coding. Keep in mind when we got 5th Mix, do you know who installed
that? Who actually got it working? My fiance did. Dan got it working. Cool. So maybe we
should just send Dan over there and say, hey, fix this. Of course that's also why 5th Mix
uh...
uh... that you had any uh... but he's really
actually i don't think i do
fine
for what
i don't know i haven't really been thinking about things to be angry at a
uh...
Alright, you lose. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, yeah, I got it. I got one.
Okay, this F.E.U. goes to the makers of E.J. software, the programs I use for making a wonderful song.
Unfortunately, I have a sample kit, and I wanted to steal samples from him.
And they have a little thing in there to bump the pitch up so that it's, you know, at 140, which is what E.J. uses.
And the damn thing kept crashing every single time, so I have to do that.
And that's kind of weak, but that's it. That's all I got.
I'll have more next week.
Alright. You promise?
I promise.
Alright.
One thing I do have to say is that Drumminia 7th Mix totally owns.
Kuchaka and Concierto in Blue and the Extra Stage in Japanese, I can't read it.
They all play the coolest songs.
Okay, I just need to get over there and play it so I can play Another World and have my gax fix.
I'm going to be bringing that song next week and we are going to play Another World on
Orange Lounge because Gaktones, he's pretty.
I have some FUs of the Week.
He's also very, very, very, very, very, very interesting.
I have some FUs of the Week.
My first FU of the Week, as wonderful as they are for hosting this wonderful program, Live365.com
gets my first FU of the Week.
First of all, for playing that goddamn Prodigy ad in the midst of the show.
I'm all for, you know, playing the ads occasionally to help pay the bills, but that Prodigy song
sucks, I'm sorry. Quit playing that ad during my show.
Second F.U. for them is that they keep stats, so we can see, you know, how many people are
listening to the show, how many hours we get and all that. Well, guess what? For every
station on Live 365, they lost last week's stat. And by the way, I happen to know, because
I see live stats as they're coming in, that last Sunday happened to be one of our biggest
nights for the show to date and we don't get any credit for that now so our ratings suck
thanks to life365.com. So FU! So poo poo on them. Everybody, log in twice. Although, thanks
for hosting the show, hey, what can I say, but you fucked up on that one, so poo. Poopy!
Poopy on you. My other FU of the week goes to my 2DX controller, because button number
three and button number seven have been sticking like, like a lot, and I hate it. That's it,
That's my last F.U. that I can pick up.
You have another F.U., Jamie.
Oops, wrong one.
My next F.U. goes toward
HolikR5NY31 yet again.
I am so close to passing this one.
You know, I had a freakin' full combo on R5
going into right before that one really hard part
that I always had issues with.
And I lost it the whole time
because I can't figure that one part out.
But, you know, fuck you to all of the seven star songs. I'm gonna pass one of you. One day. One day I will, I promise. One day my prince will come.
Is that a promise?
Yes. That's what I promise as a threat. Oh, I mean, not a promise.
Max, chat room, any FUs?
The chat room has a ton of FUs right now, so I'm going to get some of those.
But first off, I have to state that actually, our resident comedian in the chat room, PyroMan, is back, and he suggested how you can get a sticky controller.
Just the secret rendezvous video and four hours on Kazop.
Alright, let's get to the FUs from the chat room, shall we?
Wait, hold on. This isn't fair. They get a cool song, and I get the T-bug.
Sorry. Life sucks.
No.
SoCalKick says, Fuck you, everyone who is bitching, because for me life has never been
better. And fuck you, everyone who is calling him Fox version 2.0 because his latest picture
makes him look like Fox, even though I rather laugh at the situation and go along with it.
Whatever that means. I think that was a half-insight joke.
JB says, F you to SyFam for being so cheap they can't properly advertise their artists
like Jennie Rom.
He's such a Jennie Rom porn.
Well, you saw what his new title is on SyFamani?
What is that?
Drilling Jennie Rom fanboy.
DJ Konami wants to give an F you to the assholes that don't take it seriously when I'm teaching
them how to play Beatmania.
Hi, I am DJ Konami.
You know what?
During our first break we should play that for him.
Maybe we will.
Let's give you your pops.
Maybe we will.
Oh my god, this is a huge one.
Oh, he sent it three times.
One is enough.
Don't worry.
23rd Magus wants to give a big F you to Absolutetrick because it caused him much embarrassment
when he failed it on the Max 2 on Wednesday.
Fuck you Absolut.
I also want to say fuck you to Earthlink for screwing with their FTP servers for my site.
And he wants to know if that was fuck instead of fuck.
It was a spelling thing, anyway.
More F-
Oh, Bradley's here. Hey, what's up, Bradley?
My power went out, so I had to come over here.
You couldn't hear the show at your own house? You had to come over here?
Yeah.
Oh, right on.
There's nothing to do in my apartment without power, so...
So you want to give a big F you to power?
I'll get that.
Fuck your power.
Twin has not only-
Oh my god, he's got a bunch.
He's got six. Here we go.
F you number one Japan played every other fucking song on fifth mix. That's a few number one
That's a region been if you number two feet of fury beta being pushed back nearly half a month
If you number three a I am for always crapping out if you number four
No one appreciating his mixes all if you number five can't view anything while listening to orange lounge
If you number six people dissing me for not passing into the century maniac with a B
Which mix it depends
the
and waiting on black waiting on black lives if you haven't gotten yet and uh...
joe mama says
his f u is to himself for being a moron in closing microsoft word in the middle
of an assignment
dot that's why you
that's why we use auto say there you go keep in mind and this is a rule for
whenever
it's the rule
for processors and programs applies to rpgs
save often
and uh... pyro man wants to give an f u to me
for starting the show so damn late in illinois
where
we hold on
hold on our own and i got something for you
i have a good i have exactly
the message to give to you
let me call you a wambulance
uh... let's see
oh twen wants to point out that that's fifth mix that he plays end of the century on
and uh...
black lab i'm i missed your fus you're gonna have to resend them i'm sorry if
you didn't send them over to
oh he has nothing i guess unless you wrote him in black
alright whatever
uh... chaos says after you to beautiful days because he got one
regular grade on it
allowed and everything else is a flashing great
funny face
pyro man says uh... same thing
d r mike says uh... if you'd a big black cock
here might need to return my five p p media control
big black coffee exactly or mike a sad little panda what we say
and
set tonight
yes those are part of the week correct
hi i was given some more news on uh...
these are
was pictures right now that's the thought though those are all the past
Yeah, that was relating to SoCalCakesPost.
I'd have to say yes, sort of.
We'll look at that during break.
And he did want to point out also,
we have some follow-up on DDR Max USA stuff.
Let's see, from the E3 beta version,
DDR Max USA was announced a new half speed
would be in the list of modes.
Right now, his absence from the first November issue demo
of Official PlayStation Magazine is
rumored that it was removed for the final version because
of technical difficulties.
The foot rankings confirmed here on socalkicks.com.
People began to worry about that too because it was also absent from the demo, but I can
tell you right now it is one of the last things that's going to be put into the game.
They first have to make all the step charts for all the modes, remember there's doubles
to do as well, and they have to get those done before giving the songs foot rankings.
And also there's two rumors, so we're going to spread dirty rumors around right now, that
The song list was increased by 15 songs, making the total list 80 songs.
And also, rumor that a challenge will make it into DDR Max USA, similar to an Oni mode
perhaps.
So take that all with a grain of salt, it's still Rumor, Rumor, Rumorville.
So that's it.
Yay, and there you have it.
There you have it.
Now you know.
And now you know.
And knowing is half the battle.
We are going to take a quick break and we will come right back.
I've been requested to play the DJ Konami thing, which I'm going to have to dig up and find.
We'll get to that pretty soon.
We're going to start off with one of my favorite songs from Max 2.
How's that sound?
winner
Dealing, I will always young
Drifting away
I'm flying, I'm gonna head for paradise
Nothing to say
I'm climbing, I wanna see my future rise
Hey everyone, this is DJ Konami!
I know you all know BeatMania, but I want to go back and teach you the basics.
Listen carefully and try to follow.
The objects will come down from the top.
When it hits the red line, push the button.
When it hits the red line, turn the table.
You get it? Alright, let's practice.
First, hit the white keys.
Now hit the black key.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, now a combination of both white and black key.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't drop it.
It's gonna be a little weird.
No reason why you're feeling weird.
You better think back if you think back.
Easy, huh?
All right.
Let's go on to the scratch game.
When the objects reach the red line, scratch!
And if you do, don't play it.
If you don't play it, you better.
With a fast note, the technique is to scratch fast.
Now it's all the keys and the turntable.
It's hard, but you can do it!
Okay, effector time!
Here's the spec of the new BeatMania!
Look way below, do you see the foot switch?
That's the effect on and on switch.
To this trimmer, you can choose your effect.
I'll show you, so trim with me, alright?
Hey, do you hear the variety of effects?
With this trimmer, you can change the strength and the depth of the effect.
This powerful sound system is moving everybody hot!
Alright! Gotta go! Do not rule out your fabulous sound!
On this very good version of the TV Mania!
We often wonder how some of those Bomani songs are chosen.
?)
We think we figured it out.
Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 14.
That's an old promo.
I'm starting to play the old promos again, because it's been a while, it's been a while,
so they're fresh again.
It's like a fine wine, you let them age a little bit.
We want to also talk about another new Bimani game that just hit, I believe it is official
as of Monday, 2DX8 style is out and about, and unfortunately, and somebody, I accidentally
closed the window, they sent it in a little too late, but Konami wanted to give an F.U.
to Konami because they still haven't updated their official website with any information,
even though the game is supposedly out now. As of Monday, the game was released.
It took them a while to do that with Southern Style too, though.
Yeah. Luckily, BomaniStyle.com has a little bit of information on 2DX8 style, which includes
some of the song lists. If I can pull that up here real fast.
We've got a bunch of the songs that are released, and some of the non-stop choruses, which I
think is really interesting.
We have a Tran course, that's what I like, I think that's really cool.
There's a Tran course, which consists of Beautiful Days, Alien World, Starmind, G2, and Stoic.
Although I think G2 is a scary ass Tran video, in my opinion.
Some of the other non-stop course names that are interesting, Feel, DJ Taka of course,
Eurobeat, Super Eurobeat, Vocal Performance, Trance, VJ Hess, that's an interesting one,
Number 5, Newcomer, UG2, Rapid 2, Original, Cinderella, that's an interesting one.
Well that's all, look what that is, look what the songs are, Stick Around, Jelly Kiss, Glorious
Days, are those the Sona tracks?
No I don't think Glorious Days is a Sona song.
just kind of happy sounding songs. Piano, Tack, Hirata, Hell, of course, and Saturday
Night. That's a pretty cool chorus, Saturday Night. You got Dancing into the Night, Blowing
My Heart Away, Funky, Bingo, Paradise, Wow Wow, Seven Days, and Please Don't Go. There's
some very interesting genre names in 8th style, which has been getting a lot of laughs out
of people. There's one called Cuddlecore. The Murmur Twins is the name of the song,
Metal House by Sunglasses of Night
being sung by women.
Oh.
That's a pretty good one.
Though I did notice that there were a good number that were sauna tracks.
Well sauna would be a female, last time I checked.
You just need to do the sauna course.
Sauna course would be cool.
But unfortunately we don't know much else about 8th Style, we're still waiting to see
if any arcades in the U.S. are going to be getting it.
We know of one that ordered it.
Seven buttons on a turntable and effectors.
Yes, 8th Style will have seven buttons and a turntable.
14 and 2 turntables and it's this little hole that you put your coin in and a big plasma
screen if you're getting a brand new one like we are, well Scandia anyway.
Yeah let's see, what are they saying in chat room?
Some people know more, a few arcades are ordering it, well which ones, don't just tell me a
few tell me which arcades, it's not like that many arcades even have 2DX to begin with.
We happen to know locally where we base Orange Lounge out of in Sacramento that there's an
arcade scandia supposed to be getting eight style they have ordered it we've
seen the invoice so we know apparently there's a few on the East Coast they're
actually going to be picking it up we assume arcade infinity would get it I
wouldn't see why not maybe Sunnyvale Golf Land who knows I think the SVGL is
supposed to have theirs very soon black lab quotes a famous Beck song to
turntables and a microphone that would be cracking DJ well was there a
microphone. There's not a microphone in Kraken DJ. Kraken DJ is a cool game. I don't know
why they don't have more of it in places. Kraken DJ, for those who have never played
it, it's two turntables and they kind of automatically spin like a real turntable would as you're
playing the game and it's all scratching. There's no buttons at all. You just scratch.
There's a switch in the center. Yeah, there's a switch in the center because you have to
scratch one turntable and you scratch the other one and you have to move it back and
4 or 3 have to blend between the two, so it'll be interesting.
It's just a pretty difficult game.
I think that 2DX is easier than Kraken DJ, by far.
Yeah, I think it's easier too, but I don't know.
I find Kraken DJ fun.
I think it's just the concept of Kraken DJ is a little hard
to grasp at first.
It's weird.
It's different.
The layout is very different.
But isn't it by Sega, if I'm not mistaken?
Yes.
We need to see a home release of that then, I think.
That'll be fun.
But the controller would cost like a million dollars.
I wouldn't be more than 100.
DJ Konami says that San Jose State is also supposed to be getting an 8th mix, so we'll
see.
Or 8th style, sorry.
I think they're upgrading the 6th.
I also heard a rumor that BeatMania 7th mix is finally coming out for PS1 on Christmas
Eve is the tentative release date.
So we'll see.
It's about freaking time.
Time to get ordering.
So go place your pre-orders for that on your favorite import game site.
But do not buy from BuyRight.
When you're buying at BuyRight, you're buying wrong.
They will cheat you.
Can I do another Fuck You of the Week?
Sure, go ahead.
I'm not going to cue the music because I'm lazy.
Well, it's an old Fuck You, but my reason's first thing, don't buy at BuyRight.
When I bought my Tekken 4 there, I was expecting to get a Japanese copy so I could have a chance
at reading the manual.
They sent me the Asian release and then wouldn't replace it, and they said, oh, you didn't
say it was Japanese.
We just said it was import.
I could have bought that at YesAsia.com for about $30 cheaper.
So BuyRight will cheat you.
They will cheat you.
So don't buy there.
Pyroman said that he held an employee at gunpoint and now Nickelodeon City in Illinois will
be getting 8th style, which we all know is probably a load of crap, but it's funny.
Let's change gears a little bit here.
This is a story I want to, unless you guys have anything you want to say about 8th style.
I can't play 7 key, let alone 5 key, and all that stuff, so F you to 8 style for being
so damn hard.
There we go.
Practice!
Also, I'd like to point that guy that you just flashed the picture up on the screen
is very ugly.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
You're a 2DX player, Bradley.
What do you think of 8th style so far?
Looks cool.
I've listened to much of the music so far, but...
Do you think it's going to be the biggest 2DX style ever?
As if the show wasn't already on its way to a train wreck.
We're going to talk about, this is interesting, twingalaxies.com, this is a link that was
sent to me at the end of last week's show, I forget who sent it to me, I'm sorry, whoever
sent it to me, just go ahead and give yourself an ego boost in the chat room and thanks.
Twingalaxies.com, the worldwide authority on player rankings, game statistics, and championship
tournaments.
Oh, I'm supposed to mention the extra stage for 8th style is a revenge song.
They have an article now that the Dance Dance Revolution world record has been set and this
was on July 9th, 2002.
And Loki, this guy that you were saying was very ugly in the picture, that's your world
record holder right here.
So I thought I would read this article for you guys because I think you'll find it interesting
because we sure did.
On one note, I am pulling my microphone away so that I don't laugh.
Okay, yes.
Please do.
No, we want to hear your laughter.
One of the hottest new series of modern arcade titles to play is the Dance Dance Revolution
series by Konami, with the most current and popular release officially known as DDR Max
2, which in effect is the seventh mix in the series.
For those unfamiliar with the game, players select different songs and become physically
engaged in the game itself.
It makes it sound like the last stage of Nick Arcade when they were swatting flies on the
blue screen.
Judging by the look of this ugly person, he hasn't been engaged in this game very long.
Maybe it's to have an engagement he can get physically.
He'll never get engaged to a girl, but anyway, dancing literally in order to hit the specific
arrow directions on the floor pad with their feet.
This is a game you play with your feet.
This title, along with others such as mocap boxing and police 911, are part of the latest
trend in modern video gaming, physically interactive game play.
Hey, and they are all kamami games, who's our innovator here?
Now they left out Boonga Boonga Revolution, what's up with that?
A boonga!
Boop!
Anyway.
If they released it in America, they'd just have to call it, you know, Proctology Major.
Or whatever.
Fingers go up the hole.
Anyway.
Boonga Boonga always gets a laugh on this show.
Back to the article.
We can talk about that until the cows come home.
Moo.
Making sure.
Okay, I just...
So, back to our article.
Sorry.
Back to the article, yes.
Twin Galaxy.
Twin Galaxy's chief referee, Robert T., I can't say your last name, proclaims gamer
Damien Sarcuni as our first verified and recognized world champion at the DDR Max 2 title with
a 5 score song total of 315,802,020 points.
I'm sorry, I can't...
Why is that funny?
Because I'm top that on standard songs.
This is the thing, if I recall correctly, if you play a 9 foot song, the max score you'll
get on a Max 2 is 90 million, correct? Multiply that by 5, that's 450 million. So even if
you fucked up your 5 9-footers completely, you should have a score of at least 400 million
points, correct? This guy has the world record with a score of 315 million. That's like four
seven-footers and a six.
Yes.
Hell, I could play freakin' Dynamite Raid Basic on stealth five times and still beat
that damn score.
The sirens are going outside.
The world thinks this is madness.
The world record is 315 million.
Held by the official Twin Galaxies tournament settings have already been determined for
this title and appear later in this breaking news story, which we'll read.
But before we get into that, let's recap the experience.
The game's record capabilities are unusual in that the scores are not permanently kept
in the game's memory as far as points are concerned.
Well, if you have a memory card, it'll save it to the memory card.
Also, I should mention that one of the rules for entering this world record is you have
to be fucking ugly.
The scores are too safe.
Matt, go!
Go do it!
The scores are safe if you've got your initials in the machine that has your score beside
it when it pops up on the screen. While his score was world record breaking it wasn't
good enough to place on the top ten. SoCalKicks is going right now, he says he's going running
out with a camera, he's going to take a picture of that. SoCalKicks, you can't do it, you're
not ugly, you're Fox 2.0, remember, you can't do it. And besides that you still owe me that
screen capture so you can get my GameCube in. So sit your ass down. We're going to be
in trouble for that one. Let's see, further machines set to five song attempts use only
the sum of the last three songs for the record. To be fair, I'm authorizing two different
records to be tracked separately, one for three song and one for five song submissions.
Most machines are set to a minute thirty to two minutes per song. I didn't think time
ever had anything to do with it, but whatever. Let's see. Further, there are several rest
periods in between songs based on the actions you must do for the setting and song selection.
I have included my ruling on this with the TGTS information below.
So Twin Galaxy, a little bit of Judge Judy action here.
They're making a ruling.
Who's making them an authority on what DDR is?
They have already gotten a lot of their...
Because these guys have been around since the 80s, so they're old and sad.
They've gotten their information so freaking wrong.
I mean, it's sad.
They have no concept of how a DDR machine works.
How can they be considered an authority on something?
Let me restate, since 1981, the worldwide authority on player rankings, gaming statistics,
and championship tournaments.
They must be, you know, they're pretty good at that for me to poop on.
I mean, you can't be an authority on something that you apparently know nothing about.
Let's see, uh, let's keep going here, I gotta finish this.
Speaking with Damien, as well as fellow DDR fan and Crazy Taxi world champion, JC Padilla,
Those Crazy Taxi and DDR have so fucking much in common.
Because you use your feet on a button.
Because they both are utilized by ugly people in play.
And also some other local expert players.
Yep, but you'll never be the world champion because you're not ugly like that.
I would love to know who the other local expert players were.
We picked up these random eight year olds from the kindergarten room and we reasoned
We reasoned out the rules and you will see below in their entirety and hope to start locking some more scores on it soon
One of the most important discoveries is the decision that gamers view using the same song up to five times in a row is cheesy
So to be fair my official ruling takes us into consideration. So if you play five songs in a row, that's cheesy
Chat room is going off on this by the way, I'll get to them in a minute
The game itself is pretty intense
Wow, that was intense!
And some players even brought their own combination water spray and fan handheld device to cool
down in between performances.
Did they buy a Walmart for $2?
Along with a Goofy drinking hat filled with SOBY!
An elaborate entourage of people with fans.
I'm picturing one of these fucking dorks wearing those hats with a straw that goes right in
mouth a little thing they can squeeze when they're in between songs.
I wonder if this guy did it playing like Dynamite Rave.
Love to me.
That would be funny.
I are Dynamite Rave-er world champion, yeah.
Though quite the physical game, I am told that players of all ages, shapes, and sizes
have been able to perform well.
Even one player who I am told was in the 300 pound range.
It should also be noted that facial deformities do not affect gameplay at all.
So DDR doesn't discriminate against fat people. That's good to know.
Definitely a game where both eye and foot coordination is required.
Well, duh!
So now here are the rules.
And I would officially like to thank Damien Sarcuni for not only taking the initiative and becoming our first recognized and verified world champion, but to assist me with creating the rules.
So, basically, he made the rules and he's the world champion.
Okay.
Alrighty.
Is this like one of the editor's kids or something?
Anyway, the rules.
You want to read the rules, Jamie?
Go for it.
General rules.
First, player must be performing in single mode.
So no doubles.
Players can compete on either 3-song or 5-song machine setting variations, which is determined
by the arcade proprietor.
Now, if I'm not mistaken, there's also a 4-song machine, so those people are just fucked,
huh?
Yep.
All right.
Referees must log the song difficulty and score per song for all 3 or 5 songs.
The referee, do they wear the black and white shirt too and make bad calls?
They walk around playing, you know, blow my whistle, bitch, with their little whistles
there.
Battle, dammit!
Force.
Okay.
Okay. Players are allowed to utilize the entire duration of the game timers in between songs as rest. This includes song selection and setting selection. Okay, yay, whatever.
Fifth.
Players are allowed to utilize the same song no more than twice.
Oh, so they can play the same song twice, they just can't play it more than twice.
Regardless of whether playing three songs or five songs.
Oh my god, I'm gonna cry. These people make me cry.
At this time...
Twin Galaxies. Twin Galaxies will not be tracking records on the ONI, AKA hell.
First of all, that's incorrect. ONI means ogre. Anyway, hell mode, assuming I spelled that right.
Okay, they're stupid. How can you misspell ONI? O-N-I. You can't misspell it. God.
First of all, they mistranslated the damn thing. ONI does not mean hell. Okay?
You know, hell is what, Jigoku? Aren't I correct?
Um, yeah, how does Jigoku sound like Oni?
Tell me.
That's one of my pet peeves there.
Keep going, girl. You go, girl. Go on with your bad self.
All songs contained within the mix are eligible for selection. I would hope so.
Which means dynamite rave! Love to me! Twice, yay!
The following rules are applicable for each of the three song or five song selections. Only one of the settings, difficulty, can be the player's choice. The rest are determined to be the official T, G, G, and F.
Twin Galaxies scoreboard.
Difficulty player can choose between light, standard, and heavy. Speed has to be on one. Easiest? My butt! 1.5 is easier than one.
Wait a minute! They said speed has to be set to the easiest, which is one. I disagree with that. My God!
Retards! Retards! I hate you.
If they say easiest, then I can play it on 1.5, because that's the easiest.
Boost set to off, appearance set to invisible, turn set to off, others set to off, scroll set to standards.
They don't say anything at all about free zeros.
So you can't do dark reverse, Jamie? Sorry.
No dark reverse!
So why didn't they just say no modifiers since that's pretty much what they're saying here except for difficulty. No modifiers. That's it.
Because there's no modifiers. That's it.
This is going to get beautiful. Keep going. Keep going, Jamie. It only gets better from here, folks. Keep going.
The following rules apply to the scoring of the title. The Twin Galaxies referee must log for tracking purposes the song selection difficulty chosen and final tally for each of the three or five songs.
songs.
At the very end, the TWG referee must manually tally the five-song total.
The three-song machines tally for you at the final score screen.
Note that the sum of the last three songs in the five-song selection are not simultaneously
tracked as the three-song record.
It is understood that as the five-song machines do not display the sum tally of all five songs
at the end, that the discretion and integrity of the TG referee is accepted for such submissions.
song titles are listed in foreign wording for example a song called
okay what the hell is wrong with them
they put this, there's a song called Kamumei
okay the song is fucking kakumei it means revolution
okay first of all but you're allowed to play kamumi
you're allowed to play kamumi
okay you want to know what i'm going to do tonight except that i have work
tomorrow yes i got a job anyway
I'm going to be drafting a letter to these stupid fucks.
And I'm going to... In the chat room right now, they're all going,
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble.
Okay, these people are idiots.
I'm going to be drafting a letter.
Going item by item.
Why they are wrong.
Black Lab suggested the same thing.
He's with you on that.
You need to get a mob together.
What if we draft up the, you know, we get a few people...
I'm talking, give me a speaker and a microphone.
We get the people together, we draft a letter, have all of us who were agreed with this sign it,
and send it in to them to let them know exactly how stupid they are.
By the way, if you all take screenshots of us playing the game and all beating that score for you.
We have a digital camera.
Well, we got to keep going here because they have their specific rules submissions here.
I might just post about this later, so we're going to keep going with this.
It is the player's responsibility to inform the GG referee what the recognized name of such songs are for
Unfortunately, yeah, I believe we did post this in the chatroom, but if they don't, I did say it was on twingalaxies.com, but if they want to see this article for themselves, there it is.
I just posted a link in the chatroom.
Uh, yeah, we gotta crank all the shit out of it. No, I'm kidding, don't crank call. Be professional, everybody, be professional.
Uh, I believe I was reading now, it wasn't on this page, I thought it was on this page, but I guess it's not.
You can videotape it. You can't take pictures, because those could be altered, but you can videotape it.
So all we gotta do is get a camera and we can videotape the whole thing.
I would be willing to go out there with a camera and tape one, both of you guys breaking the record. That's fine.
And everybody in the chat room is already wanting to go do it too, so they might beat us to it.
But we, if you guys want to be lazy, you don't want to bother with this, we're gonna do it.
This week, watch this. Dark Sakura, Loki, and Sky all smash the world record.
and submit our videotape. You in on this too, Bradley?
I don't know if I'm that good.
Bradley, a five-year-old is that good. You're that good, trust me.
Let me just add, I couldn't PA to save my life,
so this ought to be interesting. If I beat this, this guy really sucks.
So not only will you be seeing us all smashing the world record,
but we'll be submitting an open letter, and we'll post about that on our website
this week sometime. We'll post where you can also add your name to the letter or something.
We'll figure something else.
And if I could send them like the link to the Konami's seventh, seventh mixed up, ranking
page.
Ah.
Internet ranking.
Like hundreds, probably hundreds of people have already beaten that score.
A zillion people have beaten that score.
We should probably go ahead and get that pulled up, but go ahead.
You're going to pull up what?
Internet ranking.
What's how you're pulling up?
Internet ranking.
Here, yeah, yeah, let me do that. Actually, I wanted to check some of these private messages real fast because there's some things going on here. Okay, nothing new there.
And it says that playing it on one speed, you know, that's standard. How is that hard? You know, how is that hard?
I believe
SoCalKicks was already submitting a score of Bastion at a score of C.
No, that's only a hundred eighty five million for what I see. That wouldn't do it, but
that's only D.
See, that's Max. That's a problem.
Max 2 and Max grade differently, so you're not going to be able to get a score on Max
that beats it because they grade completely differently.
But he just wants to show off that he's elite, so there you go.
yeah i don't know if you're in japan dot com has some great stuff too
secrets
so-called kicks to show off his send me all these pictures one show off that he's
lee
uh... no you can't call into the show we don't have phone sorry uh...
black lab wants to break the record to black lab come with us
your your local you come with us and break the record with us
so we're all going to uh... break the world record of the latest ddr players
in history history
okay black lives like when and where
as if i had a video camera in this house i would go
out to scandia tonight after the show
because they don't close till ten week we'd be able to make it out there but
unfortunately have to do this tomorrow or or sometime during the week
and uh... figure that out
uh... twenty-third maggots wants to point out a hedgehog sleeping in a wet
paper bag beat that score
so we will we want to pull up a seven mixin ranking
the only problem with internet ranking if i remember right it uh...
tracks the percentages, right?
Not the actual scores?
I don't know.
Let's see.
Oh, it is scores.
There's the ones that were just the average non-OD internet
ranking.
Let's see, I have to find Max2.
There it is.
Let's see, here's the Max2 site, and now I'm
looking for internet ranking.
Help me read some Japanese here.
There it is.
Here we go.
Max internet ranking ranking.
we're going to find out the real world champion here
uh... let's see what
do we vote up for one of these one of the separate people
what just anyone of these are what
or they don't have scores
well they don't have the charts anymore that's the problem
uh... well
shit on konami
shit on konami for not having a score so well
but trust me they were much better than that
we guarantee it
maybe oh maybe i can get it from up here
uh... don't do it
looked at these down those yet okay let's see
well there we go
on uh... one of these
let's see a hundred thirty nine million five hundred seventy six four nine five
knots i had to be songs are hard enough i've ever go down like number fifteen
okay here's a documented score right here four hundred and one million eight
hundred forty five thousand three hundred twenty five
that already puts out of the sport of shame so
uh... there's like
All these other scores, look at that, they're all higher.
And these, this is a certain set of songs, they're probably not even at all nine footers.
And actually, those are probably just three songs.
No, actually that's including the extra stages.
Oh, including the extra stages this way.
And Kakame.
Wow. Well, poo on twin galaxies.
We're going to take a real quick break, but this break is going to be special.
special. We're going to play some original works during this break. Loki has a new one
he's going to play for us, so we're going to get that in. And I wanted to get a new
artist in who hasn't been featured on this show yet. I just have to pull up a song here.
This is Takeout Kid, and he's got a song called, it looks like Donkey Kong Remix is the name
of it. Perhaps he'll elaborate on that in the chat room. He's in there right now. And
we're going to play that creation by him. And then we're going to, I wanted to plug
his website
So we're going to do some originals this break.
And when we come back, more talk, inventing, and the
typical kind of anger you'd expect from
Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Oh
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Under Sedation Live with Travis, Ron, and Jessica
Saturdays, 6.30pm to 9.30pm Pacific Standard Time
under sedation live dot org
Hope we'll be together
Now you know that I love you
Love you, love you, love you, love you
Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
Not a little bit of you to see
The cow has been made up of two foots, you
But not a little bit of me to see
Baby, know you gotta try a little bit harder
So you can be my, my, my, my darlin'
It's nice, a little slight, let's enjoy the moment now
And just have a good time, a good time
Try it, baby, good, just a little bit of love
And gonna feel so fine
Is it really true that you feel the same way too?
And hope we'll be together now
You know that I love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
Bitch, get a new song, an open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 14, and we've been going off on twingalaxies.com
in their completely made of ass ranking system for Max 2.
There is one word, two syllables.
Yes.
Innane.
And we're all on a rampage to go beat that sometime this week.
Black Lab and Dark Tetsuya over the break, by the way, have also joined in on our campaign.
We are all going to go and smash the world record this week sometime.
And we're not doing it to be mean, we're just, well, yeah, we're doing it to be mean.
I mean, I don't know, we're doing it to make a point.
I mean, my God, that's like saying, you know, I'm the best kid on the planet because my
mommy loves me best.
Honestly, it's like, what's going on?
Anyway, yeah.
Follow up to last week.
Last week we were going off about Naoki's diary, and all sorts of fun dear diaries were
submitted by the chatroom.
What the hell?
Let's take some more.
If you guys in the chatroom have more diaries, it's been a week, if you have some more
diary entries, if you think Naoki has some more diary things that he's written, that
he's maybe just not sharing with us, give us some diary entries.
Submit them to us in the chatroom.
First up, send me a PM, your best Naoki diary entry, and we'll read some more tonight.
Rob, I don't think that they can see that you're waving your hand, you know, it's like
come on, wave of hand, bringing towards me.
By the way, in defense of Rob, because I can read the kana in it, in Naoki's diary, it
I did have Bemani spelled out with the Kana, B, the extending Kana, Ma, and Ni, so it's
B-Mani.
According to Naoki, it's B-Mani.
B-Mani, radio program!
So don't be a bee-itch about it.
Alright, let's read what Naoki wrote this last week in his diary, shall we say?
I've decided to let Paula Terry write the music, and I'm gonna sing!
You could probably do a better job.
Naoki's Diary. Time has- oh wait, we need some music, don't you think?
Let's find some music. Let's find some good Naoki music.
You think you want ever so- Journey to- let's do Journey to Wonderland.
Let's make that be Naoki's Diary.
It's not a Naoki song.
But it's funny, and that's what's important.
Time has gone.
These days, music games are as common as dirt.
But when DDR started in 1998, DDR seemed like the hardest thing in the world to work on.
Even looking back on it today, I feel exhausted just to try to remember it.
Now it feels like a sleeping memory deep in my heart.
That's going to be the next Naoki-san, by the way.
Deep in my heart.
You know, there was still in my heart, still hurt.
And, you know, deep and dive and whatever.
Dive into the butt.
When we began work on DDR, I started writing four pieces of music for the game.
But as production advanced and the public waited for the release of DDR,
only one of my songs, Paranoia, was included in the game,
and a major collaboration was formed with the Mushiba EMI's Dance Mania compilation series
in order to provide the rest of the music.
Now, if I remember correctly, it wasn't brilliant to you in the first DDR?
1.5
Did he just forget? Oh, it's just 1.5?
Uh, hello? What about Trip Machine? That's still him anyways.
Oh, wait! He's not Desire.
Not Desire.
Whatever. Naoki's getting forgetfulness. He's getting old.
He's got Alzheimer's.
Technically, it wasn't the Naoki personality. It was the Desire personality that wrote that song.
So obviously he wouldn't have recollection of that one.
Let's see...
The other songs were put on the shelf, and although I was the only person in the world to hear them, they didn't go to waste.
The DDR Max 2 song, D2R, was based on some of the songs left out of the original DDR game.
D2R!
D2R!
Ah!
The end result is a song that felt very underground
slash urban.
These days my music is very different.
The royal route, high energy dance songs such as Brilliant to You, Can't Stop Falling in
Love, etc. are my new forte, and although I much prefer them, the underground style
is a projection point in terms of my music.
These days I still try to develop the underground style using the Revenge and Desire labels.
Paranoia, Trip Machine, and Make It Better appeared in DDR Internet Ranking Kit 1.5 and
with every maiden voyage, trial, error, and conflict always appeared from time to time.
Although my music has moved on and evolved, I still look back on these three songs and
realize that if they hadn't existed, much of my current music wouldn't be possible.
In the grand scale of things, these songs are very important to me in my career, especially
when I remember the pressure I was under when I produced them. With the songs completed
and DDR only... Is that Taco Bell coming back up or something there, Jamie? With the songs
completed and DDR only several months from release, I took a deep breath and prepared
to face the next challenge, DDR's second mix. Let's read some of the submitted things, shall
we? That was it, that was it. Oh, it also revealed that the Max 3 song, there's going
to be a B4U song called Graduation, hooray. Shock of shocks. Oh my God, B4U and Max 3,
I was expecting that.
Naoki himself, which I believe is just the 23rd Magus disguise, but we won't say anything.
Naoki himself says, Dear Diary, my newest song is called Dynamite, Afro Nova, BD24,
UR, Trip Machine, Deeper and Deeper, Eternal Rebirth, Evolution, KZ, Dirty Mix.
Wow! I'll buy that for a dollar.
says this dear diary I've made a kicking tune for the next DJ Konami tune he
seemed kind of reluctant to use it though DJ dear diary more B for you
crap coming soon index through max 3 enjoy dear diary I am done with the
extra stage for max 3 it is called max 3 I am the king of hurt the originality
that made that the funny dear diary on I love how whenever DJ Konami one he
always like praises himself like last time he's like I made a new something
something praise me i remember that from last week
dear diary i make music so people like me thanks you bye
that was cool uh... twin senses dear diary today i earned the world record in
ddr max 2 with a score of three hundred fifty million eight hundred two thousand
and twenty points i am the best because my mommy and paula terry love me praise
Praise me!
SoCalKick submits a follow-up to last week.
Dear Diary, my English, I would like to know what this blow is.
And if you missed last week's show, you're just going to have to wait 11 weeks for it
to turn up in the rebroadcast.
Dear Naoki, to find out what the blow is, take your vacuum cleaner and stick it on your
groin.
Press the on button.
She's gone.
From suck to blow.
Oh, I've been waiting for this one. Here's one from Pyro Man.
Oh, Pyro, I expected so much better from you, but I'll read this anyway.
Dear Diary, I hate my life and want to die.
That's it. Dear Diary, I hate my life and want to die.
Pyro, you're a funnier guy than that. Come on.
You let me down, bud. Let me down.
You spent too much time in the whambulance.
Well, after he told me I still wanted it, I knew he would do a better job than Paula.
Thank you, SirDungX.
Dart Tetsuya says,
Dear Diary, I'm having B4U remix Let Them Move for DDR Max 3.
Then it would be even more out of tune?
Just with more people singing it?
How about a sim update, Loki? Do you want to talk about what's going on in the sim world?
Yeah, actually quite a bit is going to be happening next week. We have the site opening again
Team Gwylo, so they're going to be coming up on Tuesday, so everyone look for that on October 1st there.
I don't know what the website's going to be, probably Team Gwylo, but I don't know yet, because they haven't really gotten a host name, so we'll have to wait for that.
And then also I heard rumors that the melting pot's going to be coming back up in about a couple weeks too, so we'll have to watch for that.
Other than that, still waiting for StepMania Beta-6, DWI, it's been quiet, so don't know
anything coming out for that, don't really care, kind of abandoned them, and other than
that, there is some major news, the tourney mix 2 is done, and we have results somewhere,
we can pull them up, oh, I suppose I can do that.
We had some locals win, I'm excited for them, we had two locals win, we need to get them
on the show so they can brag.
For
The official placing was Clunk Clunk 1655 from Keyboard Mania.
That was some of the Seattle folks that did that, I believe.
I don't remember the exact name, so I just know they're on that board.
Second place was Flying to Your Soul.
I have no idea.
Third place was The Great Giana Sisters, which was pretty good from what I played.
Now, Public, this is what was actually voted on by the users themselves, not the judges.
First place went to Soty Choir Remix, which was our agent Chang.
Second place was Heaven.
Third place was QQQ, and that was done by Moogle Hunter.
Yay, local favorite.
Congratulations for them.
Standard, The Great Giana Sisters won for first.
M, the fake 8th style song.
The fake 8th style song won for second.
And Klung Klung 1655 won for third.
Congratulations to all the winners.
Turning Mix 3 has been announced for December.
They're going to be doing that.
So rules and stuff will be coming out in November.
So look at that.
Congrats to you.
Hold on. SoCalCakes had a...
His diary entry got chopped up.
That's why it didn't make much sense.
So I'm going to pull up the rest of his diary entry.
He sent it over.
Ah!
I opened up a picture of Jenny Rom.
My bad.
I was about to say, I'm scared.
Let's see.
Dear Diary, my hipster experimentation did not go as well as planned.
Paula begged me not to go, saying she would give me this blow and that she could do a
better job.
But the way she said it, I don't even think that she knows what this blow is anyway.
So I continued to go seek this white American who is going to give me the true form of this
blow.
Well, I quickly made it to Northern California, where this orange site is based, so it says,
and my research finally led me to an address.
I knocked on the door and said, yes, I'm American hipster, knows Naoki before I finish the rest
of my English.
I would like to know what this blow is.
Well, after he told me, I still wanted it.
I knew he would do a better job than Paula.
Thanks, gee, thanks.
Shine get.
I get random, I get these random PMs from people.
I just got one that says, shine get.
People are weird.
So now your little thing under your name on the website could be, gives a better blow
than Politary.
Oh, maybe we should do that.
Better blowing than poli- can you arrange that for me, Jamie?
Yes.
Alright, thank you.
Oh, Pyro Man sent another one before he left.
Dear Santa, I want a new Politary for Christmas.
I hate you.
I think that Politary's a fembot.
You think Politary's a fembot, huh?
You know what we just did? We just opened the door for people to send this random shit over private message.
Her, along with the B4U girls and Jenny Rom, they're all friends. Especially Jenny Rom.
Alright, we're going to take a quick...
Yes?
Yes, Logie?
Yes?
New DDRPC characters. What the hell were they thinking?
It's the gay and lesbian team. I don't know if you noticed.
It's like bondage goth people. I don't even know what the hell it is.
The chick's a total dyke. I don't know about the guy, but I'm just assuming it's the gay and lesbian team for DDRPC. Hold on, let me pull it up.
It's very scary.
I'm going to KonamiHWI.com slash DDRPC because that's where I can download all the newest and greatest characters.
And we have the page up.
And I'm going to link that in the chat room for you folks, because I like you.
And they are called Coby and Nicky, and you can see Coby is a cop, and Nicky is just a
dyke.
I don't know how else to explain Nicky.
Yeah, but I didn't know cops were spiked hats with little skulls and stuff.
And he's already got the handcuffs on.
He's already ready to bust you.
I'm going to tie you up, okay?
I'm going to tie you up.
he's like he's wearing he's wearing bubbles on his shirt yeah yeah the next
the next four characters are all like the construction worker is the next one
waiting for the construction worker then the Indian then we're gonna the leather
daddy I bet you anything the Jason Enos one's gonna be leather daddy I'm just
teasing but the rumor is that Jason Enos one's gonna be the last character it's
It's been spread like wildfire everywhere.
We'll see. We'll see. Of course the chat room saying that
Kobe and Nikki are probably supposed to be ravers or clubbers.
Yeah, big gay ravers and clubbers.
And apparently Jenny Rom...
Jenny Rom is a sliver slut.
Sliver slut!
Okay, we're going to take a quick break and then we're going to come back and by popular
demand in the chat room, they're begging us to do it tonight because we haven't done it
in a few weeks, we're going to do a listless segment tonight for you guys.
We're going to do that and then at the end of the show, Jamie's going to give us the
update on the big, big, big tournament we're going to do here in Sacramento.
The Orange Lounge is one of the many co-sponsors I've called SHAFT.
Sacramento hosts another fabulous tournament and Jamie's got all the details for you guys.
By the way, DJ Konami, no Kyle Snyder, please.
There's going to be no Kyle Snyder character in DDRPC, sorry.
We're going to be doing the
DDR
Shaft
update before the end of the show. We're also going to do List List
for Best
B-Moni Artist.
So we'll be making our list during this break.
So stick around.
Stay for our break before we break you.
Stick around, because we're going to be right back.
Break down.
in fact I'm saying stick around so much I think I'm just gonna play that
So many nights we end with a completed start
Aren't you really a life that she should have been searching?
With you, with you, with you
The universe is on its side
I wanna feel with you, with you, with you
Wherever you are, you see you in my eyes
Why do we speak a lot like this?
I like to share a little more by talking
How can we keep repeating the same old lies?
You and I, let everything be so new
Why do we speak alone like this?
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you
Why do we know we'll be together?
I wanna do it, this and that
Man, I wanna do it, now let's do it
And let a woman make her be the one
Say you'll be the same woman in the sky
I'll be your dancing flower, dancing I'll be your dancing senorita, oh-oh
Tell me, if it's gonna be the same old story You can play with me, it's time to say it's me
Cause I wanna be your say your way down
Go and go, can't you see that I'm so hot? So go low, boy you gotta get a chance to try me
I'll be just with you and my ponytail
It's good to see you dancin' the life of the fast that's bein' you so tight
Tell me, Senorita, please, your little heart is three-three
Come on, baby, and get a chance to show your body when you dance
Time is falling out so fast, so hurry, baby
Take me here and dance
I'll be your dancing flower, dancing flower
Dancing, dancing, dancing, dancing
Dancing flower, dancing flower
Dancin' to your senses, senorita
Hit me like you know the way, no worry touch me
I just wanna feel the skin around me
I just wanna be your senorita
Don't go, can't you see that I'm so high for your love
Boy, you gotta get a chance to try me
I'll be just with you and just blow me out
I'm going after yourself, you're such a me
I'm out of state, of what can be
You can be about to smash this on your own
Honey, don't leave me alone
I'll be your dancing flower, dancing flower, dancing no be
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 14 and we are getting ready to do our
list list.
a little bit of debate during the break while people were trying to make our lists here
in the studio.
Trying to think if a singer should be considered a Bamani artist, like could you say Sana on
your list?
So Brad was in here kind of, wait you've got to talk to the mic.
Or something like Polteri, because she doesn't, as far as I know, doesn't write anything.
I still count performers.
Yeah, exactly.
I wouldn't consider them an artist, but whatever.
So we'll say then, favorite Bamani performer, because that would include everybody, and
then that way you can put Sana on your list, because the way I see it, Let the Snow Paint
Me in Seventh Style, I believe is only credited to Sana and nobody else, and even if she didn't
write it, it's because it's from her album, and I believe somebody made the analogy that
Britney Spears is considered an artist of erotic dancing, even though she doesn't really
write her stuff.
I have to make one quick amendment to the sim update too, Feed a Fury was pushed back
to October 15th, that's the Dreamcast one, and there is a video on the site over at CAGames.com.
Looks interesting, kind of looks like Disney's Dance Magic mode a little bit.
It's going to be interesting.
It's an interesting idea anyway.
So here we go, we're doing a list, who's participating in today's list?
I know I am, Jamie is, Loki is, and Bradley?
Bradley is.
Oh, Brad, you're doing one too?
Okay, well then we've got five people on the list today.
be a fat big list no we're doing three choices piece you got three you better
hurry up Brad I'll do you last okay oh not like that not like that
boy all right Jamie let's start with you what's your number three pick for
favorite Bahmani performer ever ever ever
uh... some of the vote up
or some of the vote up some of
uh...
and any reason why
pesto
he doesn't seem more
resto
fair enough
look and not not to mention is originally is that not that money stuff
is absolutely gorgeous
yeah i i kind of forgot that uh...
it's it's
performers not
if you know press those like
uh... song
it's classical
and still referring to his
rendition of it
uh... a chat room is uh... okay never mind they're selling that debate in
there internally some of the same as some of the boat as a girl but
is a guy will on here
yet to go along here
all right look here
yes that's me
loki your number three choice really
I'm sorry?
Naguma.
Nagumo.
Whatever.
You've got to spell that for me, buddy.
Brad?
Spell that for me so I can type it.
That is R-E-O space N-A-G-U-M-O.
And what did they do?
Everything.
They did 20 November and...
Oh, okay.
...Take
Nagumo.
Nagumo.
Whatever.
You gotta spell that for me, buddy.
Brad?
Spell that for me.
So I can type it.
That is R-E-O space N-A-G-U-M-O.
And what did they do?
Everything.
They did 20 November and instant love.
Alright, alright, fair enough.
pretty much every beat my I didn't know they're they're saying that's DJ Naguro
same person however we did oh I should establish this we did make the rule in
here that people's multiple egos would not fall under their name so Naoki will
not count for everything you either got to put revenge or you know Naoki
underground or whatever Naoki doesn't count for everything so okay yes Brad
you got a number three choice yet no we're going to Bradley Bradley number
I will say Revenge, because I like all of them.
Revenge, because you like all their songs. Good choice!
And Revenge is the extra stage song, the special extra stage song, if you like AAA or 7, maybe it has to be a flashing 7 or another.
It's called Sakura and it's a sprit-ule, because they misspelled it.
Any comments from Dark Sakura?
I'm never going to be able to play that damn song!
All right, my number three choice, and this should come as no surprise for me, but maybe
that I put it so low on my list.
Number three, Erotic, of course.
Bestest Bomani band ever, well, third bestest Bomani band ever, I don't care what you say.
Chat room is begging that one of us put down Jenny Rom, I don't know, I don't know if anybody
will see.
All right, Brad.
Okay, well, since Matt got my number three real negumo, I'm gonna have to go with Naoki.
Naoki, all right. Any particular reason why?
Well, it was neck and neck with Taka, DJ Taka and Naoki, but I think Naoki's been more responsible for a lot more of my favorite songs.
All right, fair enough. All right, that's our number three choices. On to the number twos. Jamie.
Number two, well, I have a list here and I'm thinking and thinking and thinking.
I'm actually going to say bus stop.
Bus stop.
Because, okay, I like long train run-in and I liked, you know, Kick the Can.
I really liked it when it was new and I really dig their remixes.
You know, they take some of the things you don't really expect and make them really good remixes.
Hey, I'm going to defend for you.
Well, I'll stand up for you on this.
The Kick the Cam is still a good remix. It's played out as it is. That is a really good remix.
So I have to agree with you.
Don't forget about how many people were trying to do the Pee Wee Herman tequila dance.
Very true, very true.
Alright, Loki, your number two pick.
My number two pick has to go with Desire, because I love chirp machines.
Desire!
That one's fun.
fun so we got revenge and desire both on this list that'll be interesting are
Bradley your number two pick good cool good cool that's a good choice good cool
good call on good cool alright my number two choice a particular reason why good
cool fair enough I do not want the nerd that fell on the floor you can eat it my
number two choice
of course da
orange allowance
hello
orange lounges my number two choice
come on
i don't have to explain why if i have to explain why you're a retard
brad you're a number two choice why is your favorite i'd i'd really do dig their
song i mean not only did it make a catchy title for the show but obviously
we picked it because
they've got some good shit like mobile mogas a great song retrospective song
and the videos i think the videos have a lot to do it they're cute
all right yes orange launch rules
brad you're never to choice
yesterday my number two is a carry over
i don't want to carry a mocha except for uh... to fifty bpm but
yes the last thing for me i don't have f it up
why a
any other injuries one
pretty much everything economic has done
yeah i feel we got
That's a great song. But, um, yeah, pretty much everything, except you're right.
250 B.A.M. is kind of a shit song, but everything else has been wonderful.
Okay, there you go. Alright, Jamie, number one pick.
This will come as a surprise to absolutely no one. This is my number one choice.
Tack. Rob had it typed up before I said it.
For people who know me, I have been quoted as saying that if I don't marry Dan, I'm going to marry Tack or Margaret Cho.
So, that's basically...
Fair enough.
You know, everything he's done has just, except for Stoic, has made me absolutely orgasmic.
But Tech has Tran, as it shows in the Stoic video.
He's his girlfriend now.
But Stoic is boring.
Stoic is a boring song.
And the video is kind of boring too.
However, every other thing he's done, especially like his, I've been listening to a lot of
that's not what the bar morgan growl
uh... that's not it is really off and you know
uh... room-to-room is arguing with you on stoic
i divided and i think that's right episode
uh... however gravity is off and you know there's a lot of work
uh... pollock
but the thing is the thing is that if you uh...
now i had to sign up on uh...
second money dot com however it's it's gone i need to find what the official
tax ideas
Last I checked, he had five of his original pieces for download.
If you can't find the site, you know, for people who actually know me, I'll make sure
that they're made available since he had them up for public on his site.
Cool.
23rd Magus would like you to know that Tomorrow Perfume makes him mess his pants.
Okay.
Loki, your number one pick.
Let's see here.
you didn't write this down useful well now i see what brad has and i don't want
to say it because that was getting my number one i was here at all
no no you can keep yours
so i'm gonna have to go with uh...
uh...
or what the hell i'm gonna take one
what i'm going with and w two sixty and w two sixty what's the number one of
money band
oh my god you lose people lose
dropout
that's it
you lost i get all the others in all the roman numeral all the roman like you
know
the on all the numbers
all right whatever
and i think that's a great way let's look into it
you change your mind yet you know i change is why did she like
goodbye and if you do sixty three we're gonna put in a real one here uh... let's
go with
you know since no one put it on there. Captain Jack!
Captain Jack! Good idea, Captain Jack.
And why do you like Captain Jack?
Because, I don't know. Because he sucks. Whatever.
Alright. Whatever.
He does have that butt ugly hoochie model with him.
Because his Captain Jack...
I thought you didn't like ugly people. What's up with that?
I didn't like Captain Jack, but his Captain Jack video had a lot of women in wet t-shirts and...
all people
now chat room is getting very angry with us on our choices here we're going to
have to there's an interesting things that haven't turned up yet so we'll see
what uh...
change my no come on you just had it what what what you want to do
talker
which all ok wait
let's see if let's see if somebody else does it will see if somebody else done
okay next one is bradley
i was really as a fact that where she took it so i think you're going to
these are not alright
I was going to be very surprised if Taka didn't turn up somewhere, but there it is, Bradley
put down Taka, it's his number one choice.
My number one choice, Vincent DeMoor, no question, Vincent DeMoor is my absolute favorite Bomani
artist, and if you don't like that, you can suck it.
That's a good one.
Alright, Brad, your number one choice.
I knew, you know, before that Jamie was going to pick TAC, so that would have been my first
because everything TAC comes out with makes me cream.
You all have this game rigged, you all are just picking what the others are going to
pick.
So, instead of TAC, I picked LED, because also everything that it ever does makes me
cream.
Oh, good pick.
Good pick, LED.
I creamed them in the...
JB punches us all for not putting...
It's all about infinite prayer.
JB punches us all for not putting Jenny Rom on the list somewhere.
but when you're off jenny ronson is smile decay have to hurt
maker no i would like to thank you all for not putting smile decay on the list
uh... what does jenny ron do
uh... waka waka
all
while
waka waka
well i i i
yell about it
yell about up with now this is going to be hard
anything to get taken off this list is going to cause some people to get nasty
so this is going to be a fun one
okay here we go this is the full list we've got so far we have usamo kubota
rayo nagumo revenge erotic naoki
bus stop desire good cool orange lounge akira yamaoko
yamaoka tak captain jack taka vincent dimore and led
this is going to be tricky
and naoki just encompasses like stuff that goes under naoki nothing else right
yes you got it
right but will remember well
net now key underground is still mail
not i'm not talking about like desire as a male right other
monitors the newt gander
all right well we'll see what's to happen sorry i didn't serve up a list
all right jamie take off what's going by a trip machines that take up desire
desires off the list there's only one version of trip machine that i've liked
and that's the jungle
Alright, this is gonna get dirty. I mean, this is gonna be bad. Alright. Alright, Matt. What's going off?
Say goodbye, Naoki. You suck. Naoki! He's coming off the list! I'm not surprised.
Dear Diary, today some guy in America is gonna be off the list.
Dear Diary, I hate America.
My feelings are hurt, so I took a bubble bath. Calc, go ahead and take me away.
Okay, um, Bradley?
Bradley, what's coming off?
Well, since he's only done like one song in all of Imani, Captain Jack.
Oh, one song in all of Imani?
He's one of the major people.
The race, little boy, Captain Jack, in the Navy?
Is he still going?
Is that still your point?
All right, Captain Jack's gone.
Goodbye, Captain Jack.
uh...
all dot this is this is hard uh...
uh...
uh...
this is a hard i really don't know uh...
i i'm going to at this is hard but i'm going to have to take a cure i am not
going off the list
and brad has a heart attack
all right brad
what's left your last one
only wait you know there isn't any
goodbye erotic
uh...
you know i hate you
he's got to get you know i do have a look at you
will cut you deep
let's go ahead and read off the list and for uh... i have to post this in the
chat room real fast before you read gorgeous and lovely child on a shaft to
I'm going to close all my private message windows because people are about ready to vote here.
And whoever said smile decay, you can just shut up.
Here it goes. There's the list, and you can send me your votes over private message.
And Jamie's going to read it off for you right now for those of you that aren't in the chat room.
We have Osamu Kubota, Reo Nagumo.
How did that one survive? I was going to take that one off, but I figured someone else would.
We have Revenge, Bus Stop, Good Cool, Orange Lounge, Tack, DJ Taka, Vincent de Mor, and LED.
So, there it is. You gotta pick your absolute favorite and send it to me over a private
message and we're going to take a really quick break. Huh?
Say absolute, since you said absolute. We're going to do absolute because I said
absolute? Alright, fair enough. Send your votes in right now here on Orange
Lounge Radio. We're going to take about four minutes. We'll do two songs because this is
a hard decision for you guys. And then we're going to come back, read the results and end
the show because we're already at 855. So here we go on Orange Lounge Radio. Vote now.
now now now
Hello, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's video is going to be about the
This broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and
the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Alright, we are back and I'm trying to prep to go off the air here, but I'm getting very
last minute here, but we are going to read the results of the best Bamani artist ever.
So we've got the results here and I'm trying to, sorry I need a minute here.
You know what, I'm going to have to throw on another song real fast because I'm trying
to prep for the end of the show here and I'm not ready yet, so we're going to play something
very fast and we'll be right back, sorry for the inconvenience.
Kairi
Alright, whoops, hello. Thank you, Jamie. I'm trying to do about a million things at
once here, but that's okay. We got it. We are back, and right at the end of the show
we're going to announce the best bimani artist ever third place was orange
lounge for best bimani artist i'm glad i'm happy for that one because that's
our namesake there orange lounge third best ever second best bimani artist ever
good cool good cool good cool and first place this is ain't gonna surprise a
is a damn person it won by an absolute landslide first-place
deejay taco
that's from on the artist ever so there it is a little on everybody who didn't
get back
that nobody voted for tak
nobody voted for revenge nobody voted for some of the world's comes right the
accident taken taka awful so that everyone with that
although all you would have been you'd be evil bitch about money
all right
well that's it
talk is there
Just really briefly, because we were supposed to do this much earlier...
Oh yeah, the shaft update, please. We'll run a little long, they won't mind.
Okay. Basically, we've got the perfect attack rules already posted for the upcoming tournament.
Sakbemani hosts another fabulous tournament that will be held at Sacramento-Scandia on Hillsdale.
We've got directions, we have maps, we have the address, we have everything up on Sakbemani.com.
If you go to S-A-C-B-E-M-A-N-I dot com, there is a link for SHAFT, and that is the whole
section dedicated to that.
The only rules we have for a perfect attack right now, well, to be specific, it's accuracy
attack.
It is not a true perfect attack.
If it's a true perfect attack, we're only gauging by perfects, so this is accuracy attack.
We should have freestyle rules posted by the middle of the week as soon as they're finalized.
So make sure you go there.
We have a discussion going on on the site of the money.com forum, so be sure to keep
your eye on it.
There's also a thread on DDR for you to have a tournament discussion.
And I'm not just saying this because I'm involved with the planning of this, but honestly, this
is going to be one of the biggest tournaments in history, it really will be, assuming we
get the participation for it, which it sounds like we're going to be getting a lot of support
for this.
Honestly, if you live far away, you live a ways away, this is going to be worth the trip.
There's going to be prizes up the wazoo, we've got door prizes.
We have some really cool door prizes, we can't even announce them yet, they're that good.
So we'll have to, and we've got Loki donating hundreds of dollars worth of DVDs as prizes.
As door prizes.
As door prizes.
Anybody can win this.
Just show up.
Just show the fuck up.
That's all you gotta do.
So definitely come to tournament November 9th at Sacramento-Scandia.
It's gonna be huge.
Huge.
Alright.
And also the A-Team freestyle, if you can't, if you're not gonna come for anything else,
come for the A-Team freestyle.
If you want to see what freestyle was two years ago, we are having a blast from the
past.
We're having a team freestyle mode.
It's a limited entry.
We're basically leaving it to...we want past winners of tournaments to participate in at
first.
But if we get enough entrants, we'll open it up.
Final thoughts from everybody in the room?
Loki.
I don't have any thoughts right now.
much big stuff's happening next week so you know we'll probably have a lot more
the report on next week so I can't wait all right Dave Kuchaka rules steel drums
we and Bradley I need power power I love Bradley's final thoughts my final
thought is nothing absolutely nothing and Jamie wheel of morality turn turn
her tell us the lesson that we should learn and today's moral is I have no morals. What are you talking about? Let's just end the show.
Alright, fair enough. We're going to end this show now. See you guys later. Thanks for listening.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Finisher!
Cell wins!
Flawless victory!
Fatality!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
