It's a video tape! Put it in, put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
This DDR SUCKS!
She layed pins on her ass, eh?
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Miss Sandstone.
My kind of people and assholes.
One.
Warner.
He's good.
fit by that much. That's Dr. Evil's cat. How can you tell? I never forget a pussy.
37! My girlfriend sucked 37 dicks! In a row? And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest link to the fight. So you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
Dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count. I would like, if I may, to take you
I hate nature! I just wish the world would explode, and then I could take over hell.
Sky. Do I look like the weather girl?
Everything alright? Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 13 for September the 22nd of 2002.
You're tuned in to the Bamani Scene's most stupendous radio station of all things Bamane.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Skye.
This is 14?
Where's 14?
Are you sure?
Yes.
No, no, no, 10.5 was the one at Golf Land.
That wasn't really 11.
And then 11 was the week that Jamie came back, and 12 was...
This is 14.
Well, then we're not going to have an episode 13.
We're skipping it like hotels do.
You want to make this episode 14?
13.
Okay, 13.
So lucky 13.
13.3? 13.2?
The voice you might hear in the background is always resident happy bunny.
Please say hello to Jamie Summers.
also known as Dark Secular?
Hey, don't forget about Harvey, he has to know...
Who's who?
He has to pick up...
Your imaginary friend?
Didn't you see that movie with Harvey?
No.
Okay, I have to give him proper hi.
Okay.
Hi, give me caffeine and money.
Now, please.
You are tuned in to the Bamani Scene's most stupendous radio station of all things Bamani.
It's a small intimate house tonight, but we're going to have fun with this anyway.
We are joined by a very large panel tonight, a panel of one. Say hello.
Dark Sacral.
I hate nature!
Tonight's just a technical mess up show.
I hate nature! I wish the world would explode, and then I could take over hell!
I'm really out of it going into tonight's show, by the way.
Say hello, everybody, to Loki.
Hello, everybody.
Say hi again.
Hello again.
Who's again?
Oh, we have a doorbell. Somebody else is here. I guess we'll see who that is.
We'll be talking to everybody...
They better have money. We will take bribes to be on the show.
You know what? Why don't we just say the hell with Orange Lounge? We'll almost be two hours of just us just kind of ranting about everything crappy.
It is Dave. Say hi to Dave.
Say hello everybody to the...
Hell, Victoria!
We'll be talking to everybody a little more a bit later, but first I'm going to take a
quick break.
So that people can go pee.
Any other opening thoughts from you, Jamie?
What's our deal?
All right.
We'll get to those FUs of the week.
If you want to send me your FUs of the week, just join our chat room.
you're just going to join any other side IRC server, like IRC.Akeheads.org, and you're
going to join Channel... Channel... Panel? God dammit, I can't do this tonight. I'm faking
it. You will join Channel. DDR4... Oh, wait, hold on. See? You can't even do it either.
there
i get that
please don't do that
the problem is general town orange lounge and you can chat with and you can
send your f use of the week over private message on their own sky high how are
you doing i don't say much though cuz i'm i'm too busy trying to fuck up the
show
any other thoughts for the videos
bengals suck
Let's start with some sauna shall we
Tell me, was this true?
When you do leave the edge passing by
No one cares to stop
Can you see me fall above?
Do you share my frozen memories?
Set it down
Let it be alone
Silent time
There ain't none of us
Let us love the heat
Please give me brand new star of mine
Just a game
Once more
Let's not fake me
Please give me brave one yesterday
It's not for me
Take my hand
Let it snow face me
I know, I know, what you need is I know, I know, what you need is
I do, I do, what you want in crisis I know, I know
In my face, being just for you
You'll be the funny girl, happy when me down
And we'll meet in love before ever
You're such a lovely girl, this one is a girl
Now this one is amazing, baby, see the baby
You're a lovely girl, lovely darling girl
I've been living on it for a long while
You'll be here, everywhere, in the air
Diggy diggy, how's your nigga?
I need a lovely girl, where's he when he can?
And when we don't love people there, I hope
That the lovely girl, be a quality girl
Not only for me, but really, hey, she's getting ready
Need a lovely girl, lovely girl nigga
Flying and living, love, need a fly for a while
So be me anywhere, in the air
I'm diggin', diggin', I'm goin' again
They kind of...
It was kind of like an abstraction of your voice. It was paint. It was modern art.
I like that.
Anywho...
I sound cooler than that.
That was cool though. It was like, you know, it was like you were swallowing...
You were swallowing a butterfly. Orange lounge.
Oh boy, oh boy.
Let's see. What do we want to talk about at the start of the show? Should we talk about DDR Max USA?
whole lot of news on DDR Max USA this week. Should we talk about some of that?
Obviously the most obvious news about the new mix, the Max USA, is that one of the new
licensed songs has been confirmed. So we do know that there will be a song, and I'm trying
to pull up the full name of the song here, I forgot it off the top of my head. Thank
you. Thank you. It's called Dark Black Forest Short Trip and it's by Steve Reiner. And this
This news was confirmed through his site.
He said on his official site, hey, I've got this song going on DDR Max soon.
Actually, it was like a Dutch site, though, so it was more like, you know, oh, it was
German, so it was like, ah, we've got DDR Max, ooh.
I know, for Wienerschmückel.
No.
You know what, that's, though, I think it's pretty cool.
I've heard a little bit of it, and the song is really cool.
We're going to play a demo version of that song for you in a little bit.
We got like a two-minute demo mix of that song we're going to play for you.
This probably isn't the four-minute real media file you've seen floating out the internet
elsewhere.
This is another take on the song.
So we don't know which version exactly is going to be in DDR, but we'll see.
We do know that this song, in one way or another, is going to show up in DDR Max.
Sorry for asking, but when exactly does Max USA get released?
I don't know.
I believe the release date tentatively right now is November 5th.
I had been hearing that it was supposed to be right after Thanksgiving for the first
day of the Christmas shopping season.
So we've heard everything in November.
However, I actually pulled up an article here.
This comes from SoCalKicks' site, available at SoCalKicks.com, and he actually had a chance
to talk with Jason Enos, who is the, if you're online on any of the forums, I'm sure you
know him as the Konami of America representative and they talked about a
few couple things about DDR Max USA including foot ratings will be in DDR
Max USA if you remember one big bitch about DDR Max the Japanese version when
it first came out hit arcades that they replaced it with that groove radar and
while that radar is cool it doesn't really tell you how hard a song is on a
scale you know the cadence and everything so but you know the the one
One good thing about the Groove Radar is that it does show you what type of song you're
going to play, if you're stronger at doing lots of jumps or if you're stronger at doing
running moves.
That is one good thing about the Groove Radar.
So you can still say, oh these are the 9-footers, these are the katas I have to pass.
It's going to make me run all over the place.
Next thing, it will append with DDR economics.
sure how this is going to work. I have a hard time fathoming this as being a disk change,
just like the kind of disk change you would see when third mix, the Japanese third mix,
you could put in second and first mix and play things on the new interface.
It actually is possible.
Maybe that is what they're going to do, but it seems kind of...
If you think about it...
Between a PlayStation 2 game and a PlayStation 1 game, it seems a little...
Well, if you think about it this way, all they have to do is actually load the game
engine itself into memory, and then have it run songs off of the disk.
maybe that's what they're gonna do is that would be very cool that was
actually something I said I remember getting on form saying hey that would be
awesome if they could do something like that at a pound especially I would have
liked to have seen it not only that but economics append the USA mix but I guess
we'll see it's a smart move it'll help them make more money for people who
don't have it unfortunately they're still keeping some of the same songs on
a DDR max USA that they had on economics and on
But not too many, and we do know that there's what, like 20 lysa songs and 20 konami, something
like that.
I don't know exactly how the breakdown of songs works, and we're probably not going
to know exactly for sure until we get a finalized song list, but it's going to be significant.
Will there be freeze arrows in edits?
I would think so.
Yeah, if it's based off the max Japanese, you can do freezes in the max Japanese editing,
I don't see why he wouldn't be able to do it in the US.
And one more thing, it probably won't be like Conomics, but will the edits be able to be
played on the machines in the arcade?
No, because they're region coded, so it ain't going to work.
There is one thing though...
I don't know, couldn't you take Conomics edits and play them on a fourth mix machine?
No, you couldn't.
I don't remember, I never tried.
The only thing that I would think might even be possible, and this is what I'm wondering
if anyone's tried with Conomics, there's a little program for people who have a DEX drive.
There's two things for edits that kind of set them out to work in a machine or not.
You have region coding and then you also have it keeps track of what mix the actual thing
was on.
Like I took a economics edit and changed it to a Japanese so it would play but it didn't
work because it still detected that it was made from economics so it's not going to work.
rewrites its name on it so you can actually have max link data with the
songs like you know max to exclusive things like the whistle song have grades
for that so it looks very interesting just kind of looking for some feedback
in the chat room there is so Cal kicks wants to make it a point that there you
don't know if a new USA mix is going to come out or not yet it's still it's
still a possibility they may may be a new u.s. mix still and who knows what's
to happen with the arcade. Way better, I mean freaking Europe is starting to get a lead
on us so we can't have the Europeans beating us, come on. No way. I understand a bunch
of them aren't really that pleased with EuroMix 2. Unfortunately they are going to be releasing
another mix for EuroMix that's going to be kind of fixing everything that they don't
like about EuroMix 2. I wonder if that's going to be really going to happen or not. Yeah,
it's like, okay, EuroMix II versus DDR USA. True, true. Real contest there. One more thing
we should point out that arise from this interview between SoCal Kicks and Jason Enos, it will
have licensed tracks from already released Japanese DDR mixes, so there will be some
Dance Mania licensed tracks. Which ones? Don't know. And which games? Don't know. But I would
imagine there would be kinds of things you would expect to see in the U.S., like one
that comes to my mind would be Ordinary World. I would not be surprised one bit if that's
one of the songs that's going to be in there.
I would be perfectly happy if that song didn't make it in because that remix is a Travis
Stevens song.
I know, I know it's a Travis Stevens original, but it is a kind of popular techno hit here
in America. I would not be surprised at all if it turned up. That's kind of number one
on my list for expected Dance Mania licensed songs. I bet you that'll be one.
Twilight Zone and...
Twilight Zone's probably, I bet you that'll happen too, yep.
You need to put peanut butter jelly in there.
Peanut butter jelly in a baseball bat!
Shake what your mama gave you. Shake what your mama gave you.
Oh yeah.
Shake that ass! Show me what you're working with!
I would like to make it clear to our listeners that I have nothing to do with that part of the conversation.
I'm sitting here.
Okay, let's play this little demo.
Loki, would you mind giving us a little background on where you found this little clip here?
It's only a minute thirty?
I haven't heard this yet even.
Yeah, um, well here's what it is.
It's basically, I found it off of a site that was selling the vinyl version of Dark Black
Forest, and it's kind of, it really kind of splits it up a little bit.
It's kind of giving you an idea of what the whole song sounds like because it's like six
or seven minutes long.
So it cuts it up a little bit, so there are a little bit of spaces where it kind of comes
off beat, but I mean you kind of get the idea of what it's going to sound like.
I tried getting the original version of the MP3, but the stupid sight, their shop was
down, and so it wouldn't let me buy it.
So I would have had it, but it's all their fault.
Stupid company.
Well, we'll see. Here's the demo here. This is Dark Forests on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a long way to go, honey.
I know, but I'm afraid we'll be golden.
into the dark black forest.
Okay, that was it.
Kind of chopped up there, definitely, but somebody in the chat room offered us to send
us a longer one, so we'll see if we can get that by the end of the show.
Maybe we'll play the full five-minute version.
If we're desperate for things to do by the end of the show, we'll play that for you at
the end.
How's that sound?
Sounds like a winner.
All right.
What other DDR USA Max news was there?
I think that, you know, it'll really be a good mix compared to most of the other stuff because, well, first of all, it'll have all the modifiers like Max and Max2, and plus, I guess, 0.5 speed, which will be fun new challenging mode. I just wish that they'd put challenge mode back on there. That was the coolest.
Rumor is that challenge mode might be back a lot, I mean these are all rumors of course, you know you could make up anything you want about DDR Max, also this being said is that.5 speed actually didn't end up making the final cut because they had some errors with it with some of the slower songs with like My Summer Lover and 7.8 were just messing it up too bad, so we don't know if that's even going to be in there for sure, so we'll see.
Darn. They should put 64 speed. That would be cool.
Pointless shit like that.
No, but I think it'll be pretty good, because DDR economics as far as actual...
That was just as good as SportsMix, I think.
Besides not having challenge mode, which I really love.
You know, I have to ask Konami USA, I want my databank.
Databank?
That was cool, but I mean...
Yeah, I don't use it at all. For people like Loki, who use lots of edits and stuff, and go to Golf Land with their little laptop, Penny and One, and change it all around, yeah, that would be cool.
But I never looked at the databank. I mean, maybe once, if I need a little bit of a challenge or something.
Yeah.
Oh, JB says, he wants to point out, my summer love is on Disney Mix and Disney has 0.5 speed.
So something's there.
But you notice that Disney Mix looks a lot different also.
But Disney Mix already is running at 1.5 speed anyway, so.
SoCalKick says he asked Enos about the data bank in DDR Max USA and because of technical
difficulties it ain't going to happen.
Which is bummer.
It would have made a fine addition to economics for sure.
I would have had my stuff on there.
Hell yeah.
Maybe the next time.
Maybe Max USA will sell really good and then they'll make another one.
Then they can ask me.
And then they'll come to you and get a bunch of edits.
Sweet.
So...
ONI courses.
Wouldn't that be interesting to have at home?
It's not going to happen.
I'm almost positive it's not going to happen because it's USA.
They're like, well, people aren't good enough. They don't even know what ONI means.
Maybe non-stops, then?
I would honestly like them to put in, like,
a 2DX-style expert course.
Not do, like, an ONI, but, like, an actual expert course.
You think they're going to do something...
Well, you have a depreciating score bar.
Do you think they're going to have internet ranking
for USA?
I don't see why they wouldn't. It would be a good move on their part. It would also be advertising for their site, too.
the let them move on phony course
if let them move is in that game
then i will commit shop of course
the nearly one hundred reports
uh... all the facts on
well you know i mean
it could still be good i mean it
if he actually yes the price with a good let them know which instant love would
be awesome
now i don't know for ever see that
but we don't see any of them
Hi, I'm DJ Konami.
We actually have DJ Konami in the chat room right now.
He'll teach you how to play.
You know, I think that we should play that song again sometime during the show.
Maybe we will. Maybe right before the end of the show.
The instant love.
I agree with electro-tal in the chat room.
Basically, I think the non-stops will make it before the Oni courses will.
A la Euromix 2, kind of the way they do it.
And you can think of it like back to forth mix type thing.
And how stops were a great idea.
It all depends on what interface you're using.
Because if they're using a Max 2 interface, it's going to
be easy to do on eCourses.
So it'll be harder to program something just non-stops into
a Max 2 interface.
It sounds like they're taking a little bit of liberties by
changing some things around, especially with this whole
foot ranking being in it, for sure thing.
They're doing some changes to a Max interface.
I guess we'll know more once we see screenshots.
Now the rumor is that PlayStation Magazine is
supposed to have a playable demo of this October 8th I believe when their new
issue comes out so very soon now we're gonna see a new we're gonna be able to
see what it looks like because we'll be able to see the interface. I'll buy it so
well maybe I can make arrangements to get that magazine that particular store
get the particular shipment of it yes we'll have to arrange that so we can look
at the demo we'll look at that here on Orange Lounge unless you know what we
think of that cuz not everybody gets that magazine okay let's get into the
fun part of the show shall we let's talk about our F use of the week oh do I have
one or not or what cuz I've been getting a lot of them from the chat room here so
if you want to submit your F you the week just join channel pound orange
lounge on any other side IRC server like IRC dot eggheads org and in the
meantime we're gonna start with Jamie's F you the week I just have to cue her
music. I'm kind of slow tonight. It's been a long day.
Brad needs a nap.
I don't need a nap. I just need a vacation.
Okay, my nephew of the week goes for tonight. I'm halfway hate to say it. Roosevelt Golf
Land. And this isn't because of the machines. This has to do with unprofessionalism. You
want to know about unprofessionalism? I will tell about unprofessionalism. When you're
I've sent close to nine emails and have had replies to three.
When you try to set up a meeting with somebody to arrange running a tournament that's going to be bringing in money for them,
and they don't even care enough about it to reply to you.
Or, when you request a Saturday in the interest of having a large crowd and they go,
and they go, no, we won't have a Saturday.
Good luck with Scandia.
Little do they know, we've already got approval
with Scandia, so they can just go, you know,
fall into the creek for all I care.
Did they actually say that to you?
Good luck with Scandia?
That was the email I got.
Wow, I didn't know that.
I refused.
It said, I refuse to rent Saturday.
Good luck with Scandia.
So that's business we'll be taking from them that day.
Well, do you want to say anything about the new term?
I know the tournament's details have been finalized,
We'll say that for a future show.
Not for a future show, but I'll say something later.
That's not part of my Fuck You of the Week, because it's a pleasant thing.
Oh yeah, that's pleasant. You're right, yes. Sorry, this is all about fuck yous right now.
Scandi is so much better. Like, in terms of size, Scandi is not as good, but Roseville Golf Land?
Like, last time I went there, both Romania and keyboard mania were broken, and it's always crowded with tons of little kids, and it's dark, and, you know, bad stuff.
Scandi, very nice people, good tech, and everything is cool.
We've got to try and keep this somewhat appealing to everybody out there, by the way. We don't want to talk about Sacramento politics all day, but...
Well, where Roseville-Gotham does have more machines, the better quality arcade is Scandia, and I'm honestly even thinking about putting up a suggestion to everybody to change the Wednesday night location for the local meetings too.
Interesting idea, we'll see.
You have your own Fuck You of the Week, Loki. Hold on, I gotta load your song.
I'm so out of it this week.
Just go ahead and start with your Fuck You of the Week. Your song will kick in pretty soon.
It's like I said, better be out of it than to have your foot stuck in it.
Yeah, so my Fuck You of the Week goes to these really crappy winter movies that they're releasing right now.
What the hell are they thinking with, like, uh, fear.com.com and, uh, you know, all these other stupid movies.
Like, today I saw Ballistic, X vs. Ever. That has to be one of the most pointless movies I've seen in a long time.
I mean, it had probably one of the slowest motorcycle chases I've ever seen, going a whopping 30 miles an hour through city streets.
It was just completely pointless and I lost interest about halfway through it.
But it's a free movie, so... Yay.
Wait. Dude, song changing.
Just start with your F.U. I'll give you a background song as soon as I can get to it.
My F.U. is towards the 49ers, because they suck!
And they beat Cade Matthews in the Redskins, and they are the best!
Go Redskins! Yay!
49ers suck.
Jeff Garcia. I know you're listening. Okay, that's my fuck you. Football related.
Another fuck you. You do? Yes. You can leave Dave's music because it's happy. My fuck you
is not really directed toward anybody, it's toward the situation. I feel sorry for everybody
with long distance relationships because I was away from my dad for a whole five days
It sucked. It sucked, it sucked, it sucked, it sucked. So, whatever he went to. Except that I got free stuff from him.
You got a free Xbox out of it, so...
And free games, and tons of t-shirts, and a Capcom backpack, and other stuff.
Yeah, my FUs. I have an FU of the week. F Microsoft. Where's my free Xbox? Thanks, I'm done.
I don't have an FU, but this is something else.
I'd like to congratulate the makers of Duck Tape.
They've saved my life on numerous occasions, and it rocks.
I mean, they fixed my car with Duck Tape, and they fixed my pads with Duck Tape, so hooray for Duck Tape.
That's it. Hooray for Duck Tape.
Duck Tape has multiple uses, like, you know, taping small children in their car, and holding together computers.
or taping two people's buns together?
how appropriate I'm playing drop the bomb
on behalf of one of my friends who may or may not be listening
she would regale us with a tale of how at the mississippi school of math and science
they would hold together the school computer with duct tape and chicken wire
computer with duct tape and chicken wire. And it worked until the duct tape fell off.
Actually, the duct tape didn't fall off, but I understand it was removed and the whole
thing fell apart.
Okay, I have another bitch. Now JB in the chat room, he's bragging that he got a free
Xbox as well through some other means. Did anybody around here not get a free Xbox? I
mean, I realize they're going to have to give that system away to get people to play it,
but I mean, honestly, where's my free Xbox?
I know none of this reacts well, but I wish that I had it.
There's some secret I'm not being told about, some secret cult, some Xbox.
I found a game that kicks just about any other racing game, but it's, oh god, President O.
It's something Redshift. No, it's not Orgasm Redshift.
It's done by Microsoft's programmers group. That game is absolutely awesome.
awesome. It's like Wipeout meets Hydro Thunder. It's kind of interesting. And I got to do
one of those too. Let's get to our chat rooms, bitches, shall we? I need to get an Xbox.
I'd like to add. Okay. 23rd Magus says, a big fuck you to Skrull. One Skrull in particular.
Johnson, Maine. What the fuck? Welcome to Trainwreck High. I asked for web author training.
I get choir. What the fuck is wrong with these fucking idiots?
You ask for web author training and you get choir? What the hell is that?
That's like making one of the Gauntlet Legends people get up and play DDR. There's some scary
people to play gauntlet legends
we talked about they don't play it they are gauntlet legends
b-one with the gauntlet legends watch out for the girl with the big metal
brothel in that game you know
it's pathetic when we have to sit here make fun of addicts to other games
hi pot this is kettle calling hi pot you're black you're black
anyway uh...
so-called kick says uh... what's the matter nothing nevermind fuck you all
have nothing to run about well
uh... deejay konami
in between teaching us all how to play it
the mania
he says f you to aaron hostile
because i get a hundred percent all the way throughout the song
and then at the end when it makes you hit a big succession of dual notes i
I drop it to 2%.
Amen to that!
That sucks.
JB featuring Jenny Rom says,
My F.U. is also to RVGL for not having the keys available to any games after the
morning is over.
Not even the guys in the jean colored shirts have access to them.
Now Jamie can't rape the crane game.
Did the crane game break?
If the crane game broke quiet, you have a chance to play it from RVGL again.
Except for them leaving, you know, Drummania on Freeplay for three weeks or something.
That was cool.
We are smart.
We're geniuses there.
It's like, it's getter-ific.
And JV featuring Jenny Rom would also like to say,
F you if you hate Jenny Rom for the zippers.
We're going to talk about Jenny Rom a little later.
We're going to talk about Jenny Rom after the next break.
Twen says,
f u to sharing a phone line with every freaking person in the house making me
stay online till four a m at least every night because i can't use it any time
during the day
and f u to me
sky for not putting up the news site or forum
and he also says f u to individuals i'm not gonna name
because that's not worth naming
that's not cool
uh...
oh twenty three megas would like to point out he is a fine baritone but he hates
choir
but he is a fine bear i can't i can see the best of me i was in band for a reason
i'm in band because we're going to hawaii
how cool is that
my band plays the only reason you joined band to go to hawaii no see last year it was disneyland
that was crap
i saw some tits
this year it's hawaii wait a minute how did you
yeah you saw tits on a band trip
one time at band
Oh, who didn't see that joke coming a mile away?
I'm going to be sending you with money to buy my manga then when you're over there. Can you go to Toys and Choice for me?
A couple more, two more.
SoCalKick says, fuck you to every gaming store for delaying Kingdom Hearts' release,
but, yay, Kingdom Hearts owns.
Um, actually, my fiancé's store had Kingdom Hearts the day of release.
uh... paul paul
so far
and demand the morality
some very happy
well how does this happen takeout kids says
fuck you to his and by the way takeout kid is uh... joining us from berkeley
dot e two years old
fuck you to his college writing teacher for thinking he was an e-s-l student
but he's not even really here still
How the hell? You've got to elaborate on that. Please elaborate on that. Send me more about how the hell that happens to somebody. That sucks.
Yes, JB, please send me that file. I'm not going to respond. I'm too lazy to type right now.
Thank you to Dan for getting me this really neat 007 watch that clips on my belt and is upside down so I can look at it and has a compass.
I've been playing with this thing all night. It's the coolest thing ever.
And F you to this upcoming movie I heard about called The Core.
It's the dumbest idea I've ever heard of.
The Earth's core stops.
And then these people have to go drill down to the core and detonate a nuke and that will fix everything.
It's the dumbest idea now.
It's like Austin Powers except that the goal is to let it work.
And here is us suspending our disbelief upon confession.
You know what? Movies today are getting retarded, as are most TV shows, which is why Jamie doesn't want TV anymore.
But, oh, and Dave's head hurts.
But, The Transporter's gonna kick ass. Go see The Transporter. Awesome movie. On Asian Girl, yeah.
Um, yeah.
A special hello, by the way, out there to the Rice Princess, who's joining us in the chat room.
Hi!
And uh, one more, one more FU, one more, this last one, no more, don't send me any more.
DarkTetsuya says, FU to his busted Knight's controller.
Is that like Sonic Knight's?
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay.
Which is the best controller ever invented.
And you cannot really get them anymore unless you know where to look.
Okay, TakeOutKid is elaborating on the ESL story.
He says, she read my subject and she thought my writing was so bad that she thought I was
ESL, and the readers of his subject had evidence of ESL attributes, so that's why she thought
he was ESL.
Go figure.
Okay, why don't we take a quick break?
You guys want to take a quick break?
We're going to come back and we're going to talk about Jenny Rom.
How's that sound?
Wee!
I'm going to start this off with, actually I can't find that route right now.
Maybe we'll hear something from Fantasia 3 in the next break.
I wanted to play you guys something from Fantasia 3, brand new, just came out, but I'm going to start this set off with...
How about something from...
Do you want to hear Papaya?
Do you want to hear Supergirl?
Of course Supergirl.
We're going to have happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy Papaya song.
Where was I? Oh, there it is. Hello. Found it. I can't even tell how I have my own songs for you.
Everyone be prepared to be overloaded with sugar and brush your teeth when the song's over.
Alright, and we'll get something from Fantasia 3 in here too.
I'm gonna rule the world
With my supernatural power
Come and fly with me
to my galaxy
To my world, hold fair, and just please
Do da do da do da do do
I'm a supergirl
do da do da do da do
Supergirl
Do da do da do da do
I'm a supergirl
Do da do da do da do
We can have a party on the magic star Or take a walk on the rainbow
To walk on the rainbow
The wicked fly away to Wonderland
With mist in it and we can't do
The wicked fly together hand in hand
Make all your dreams come true
I'm a super girl under the rules of rules
With my super natural power
Come fly with me to the galaxy
A world full of fantasies
Do da do do da do I'm the Supa Girl
Do da do da do da do I'm the Supa Girl
Do da do da do da do I'm the Supa Girl
Do da do da do da do I'm the Supa Girl
If you're used to dancing off the moon
Or take a trip to the sun
We could travel all around the universe
We're gonna have some fun
We can fly away to Wonderland
There's no secret and we can't do
We can fly together hand in hand
Make all your dreams come true
I'm a super girl under the rule of rules
With my super natural power
Come and fly with me to my galaxy
To my world of fantasy
I'm the Supagirl, I'm gonna rule the world
With my Super Material Power
Come and play with me, to my galaxy
To my world of fantasy
Do-da-do-da-do-da-do, I'm the Supagirl
Do-da-do-da-do-da-do, Supagirl
Do-da-do-da-do-da-do, I'm the Supagirl
Do-da-do-da-do-da-do, Supa-girl
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
I'm a Supa-girl, I'm gonna rule the world
With my Supa-natural power
Come and fly with me to my galaxy
To my world of fantasy
I'm a supergirl over the roof of the world
With my super natural power
Coming right with me to my galaxy
To my world of fantasy
Structured cousins
I'm a supergirl
Supergirl
I'm a supergirl
Doo da doo da doo da doo
Supergirl
I feel the night explode
When we're together
Together, emotional alone
In my heat of pleasure
Take me on your own, sin to your own
Never let me go
Tonight I really need to know
Tell it to my heart, tell me I'm the only one
Is this really love or just a game?
Tell it to my heart and I can do my body right Every time you call my name
The passion's so complete, it's never-ending As long as I receive the message you send in
But it's about a soul to soul Oh, it feels so near
So say the words I long to hear
Tell it to my heart Tell me I'm the only one
Did you squeal in love or just a game?
Tell it to my heart I look to my body right
Every time you call my name
Tell it to my heart, tell me I'm the only one
Is it really love or just a game?
Tell it to my heart, I can feel my body rot
Every time you call my name
Tell it to my heart, I can feel my body rot
Every time you call my name
Tell it to my heart
Tell it to my heart
Mr. Random Person on the Street, what do you think of the Orange Dives Bay Money Music and More show?
Beautiful night, isn't it?
It's especially beautiful, of course, if you're a bloodsucker.
What the hell was that look on her face when she was like, huh?
Dude, I don't remember.
I haven't watched that thing in a long, long time.
I saw that once a while ago.
A long, long ago.
I haven't watched that fans of, like, Bobak.
Wow.
Like, my N-PEGs on my computer.
I promised when we came back to the show we would talk about Jenny Rom, and this is very
interesting because JB in the chat room, huge Jenny Rom fan, sent me some pictures of Jenny
Rom.
Damn, she's ugly.
But this is the interesting thing, apparently Jenny Rom is not a real person, from what
I'm reading.
Gasp!
Gasp!
On the China MGL and ID Music, these two big music-related sites to talk about dance media,
this big message board and this guy who calls himself Alex from Italy came on to this board
and says that he was looking for stuff about dance mania and he found it and he's a member
of Jenny Rom's team. He produced the first single www.blondegirl.com for Saifam and he
saw that somebody was looking for the lyrics of Do You Want to Flirt and he posts them
on this site. Let's see. Let's read some of these earth shattering lyrics from Jenny Rom
shall we? Let's see. Boom boom, don't stop, love me babe. Boom boom, don't stop, kiss
me babe. Boom boom, don't stop, love me babe. Tonight with me so high. What is up with the
Japanese and boom boom? They put boom boom in everything. Yeah, but you know what? Here's
who Jenny Rom really is. I know, I've heard this a long time ago, it's
Politary! You think Jenny Rom is really Politary?
There's a difference, there's a difference. Jenny Rom can hold a tune.
Jenny Rom is just a Naoki. That's all it is. Naoki is everyone.
So really what this is, is that Jenny Rom is actually an Italian singer, who just kind
of, you know, comes in, the lady who does the voice, and also an Italian male singer,
and i'm guessing this picture that got sent to me was actually that italian
singer who poses as jenny rom
general mail
no no but you know that guy who does the voice like you know uh... you know
come on barbie let's go party or you know
i don't know why i don't want to do
he's there's an italian guy
you know what they all sound alike i swear to god aqua
you know
capping my seriously thought that guy was the guy from on what he sounds just
sound like the girl doesn't sound the same that guy sounds just like the guy
from aqua and aqua broke up a couple years ago from when I heard it.
It's funny, they also have, what was it, I think King Kong and the Jungle Girls, I thought
that was them, but they all sounded like two. And I've actually seen a video, not with aqua,
but this other one, shit, I can't remember what it was called, Tarzan and Jane or something
like that, and they look exactly like aqua. They're all aqua. Everyone is aqua.
And the world is square.
All bands are aqua and the world is square.
Some more things that Alex says on this forum.
He's proud to see that so many people love his virtual daughter.
And he's got photos and a promotional video about Jenny Rom.
Jenny's not a real girl, but a virtual woman that lives in the fantasy and into the computer
world.
That was the original concept about her.
And he says, Do You Want to Flirt is his favorite song.
It hasn't been released on Dance Media Compilation.
I know somebody's got a copy of that, and maybe they'll send it to me so we can play it by the end of the show.
Wink wink nudge nudge.
I don't say any more.
Uh, and he says, uh, we chose the name Jenny Rom because they were looking for a perfect name for a digital woman.
And when Joe said, what do you think of Jenny Rom? He said, I love it.
Just like, kind of, kind of like when, uh, Jamie and I came up with Orange Lounge. Let's call this show Orange Lounge.
Oh, I love it!
Same thing.
I'll buy that for a dollar.
Except I don't think we were that excited. It was like, oh yay, finally, we thought of a title.
we're like tired and on the part i remember that i remember that we're on
part when we decided
call it that you know
paula terry
is now keys
second head
uh...
so it is
you know i love it
okay uh... what else
now he has many people
where the most popular solace in another one girl
and uh... will there be any more jenny ron indeed you are he says it depends on
a lot of the uh... business affair
however he says it's very probable
uh... at the moment he's no longer with the junior on production team but he
still has a good relationship with them so he doesn't know exactly what's going
on
that's that's a lot of story
uh...
it should be noted the reason he's not with their production team anymore is
because he made some uh... explicit photos of jenny ron
Yeah.
Anyway.
See if she was a natural blondie girl.
And we were all shocked to find out she wasn't a blonde girl all over.
They just forgot to render that part.
Oh no, the polygon count dropped.
For all we know it's www.shavedgirl.com.
Next in the money news.
so in the money news
meanwhile back
the curtains do not match the carpet which so mature here
uh...
they're talking about this is uh...
i've never thought i'd hear this little money so uh... they got delayed play
this game
No, but certain people would be guaranteed not to.
Like Paula Terry.
Anyway.
Oh, they want to know if Jenny Rahm has three tits.
That can be programmed.
You know, it's like, I don't know.
I don't know how best to describe it.
She's like a vacuum cleaner.
She's got different attachments, you know.
But all of them suck.
She's gone from sun to blow!
Yeah.
And let's move on to something else, shall we?
Something else.
Oh, did you know that they confirmed DDR Max 3?
Or I should say, not DDR Max 3 necessarily, but a new DDR is in production.
So there is definitely going to be a new DDR coming out.
And they're taking a poll over on the official website for this,
which is over on Konami's Bimani portal, you can find it no problem, they want to know
what kind of Konami original songs you want to see in this new DDR that haven't been there
yet but from any Bimani game. So like, if there's a keyboard mania song you think should
be in there, now I was an idiot when I first submitted it and I said, I want to see flotation
in DDR except that's not a Konami original so, I already fucked it up so, they're looking
for Konami originals.
Speaking of the home versions though, this is somewhat unconfirmed, although I'm not
doubting the reliability of my source.
I cannot describe it.
Dude, are those sirens picking up over the microphones?
They're just hella loud.
There's sirens going right by my house right now.
They found Loki.
Anyway.
Anyway.
There's been information given to me, again, this has not been officially confirmed by
me with any member of Konami, but that they were going to stop production of the peripherals,
like the dance pads.
So we're talking Konami in the US again.
Konami US.
Konami USA.
And that though they did mention Red Octane by name, that they were supporting whatever
product that they would release.
I'll try to get that confirmed, but in the meantime, this is what my sources told me.
All right.
So your...
Inside sources.
...sources.
Start buying those dance pads while you can get them.
Yeah, so they're not going to be making the...
Maybe they're not going to be making those official Konami pads anymore, and Red Octane
is going to be the official Konami DDR pad dealer, basically.
Maybe.
If these sources are correct, that's what's happening.
We'll see.
Who knows?
Red Octane seems to own everything DDR online.
It's not that it was going to be necessarily official, it's just that they were going to,
I guess, vouch for the production of the Red Octane pads.
And the ignition pad was also mentioned by name.
Now this is interesting, over on BamaniStyle.com, a fine little site, they are making suggestions
for what kinds of things you should submit as songs to Konami for DDR Max 3 or whatever
it is, whatever it is in whatever shape or form they're going to call it, it's basically
DDR 8th Mix.
And basically these are all the Konami original songs that would pretty much be impossible
to dance to.
So I'm going to read off this list here of possible submissions.
If you can't think of anything you want to submit as a song that you think should be
an eighth mix. Here are some suggestions. From Beatmania, the DJ battle. Can you imagine
dancing to the DJ battle? Oh, I have one up on that. How about this? DJ battle, the yodeler
mix. From Beatmania, the yodeler mix. The cat song from Beatmania? Ink go meow. That
Ink go mam, that would be so lame to dance to, but it would be fun, it would be like
stupid fun.
From Keyboard Mania, morning music, which I think is about 15 BPM.
That would be so awful in DDR.
Threshold from Keyboard Mania is another suggestion.
Without you around from pop and music, I'm not up on my pop and music knowledge so I
I don't know what that song is, but from 2DX they suggest flowers for Albion.
I wonder if the steps would do the same thing that the notes do in the 7 key for flowers.
Okay, that part is ass, but it would be fun to do those.
Ah, I like Twin's suggestion, he says let's DDR to Orange Lounge episodes.
Talk about a long version, these things are what?
I think the shortest episode of Orange Lounge is like 118 minutes.
That would be marathon mode right there.
From 2DX also suggesting the safari.
You know, the safari would be fun.
I think that's a good idea, really.
The safari would be, but you know a song I would not, I mean I don't think it's an original,
but Get On Beat Wild Style, definitely not.
It is an original, actually.
Lion & Sashi.
Maybe, I don't know.
would actually be kind of fun. It wouldn't be a fast one, but it would be a fun one.
Okay, um, guitar freaks across the nightmare. That's been done, as a DWI at least.
Drummania with Waza. Waza. There you have it, Waza. MobileMoga being suggested in the
chat room. I believe I saw that on a preliminary list, but I don't know how trustworthy those
lists are, the ones that have been released today, and I don't think it's quite solid.
Twin suggests we can DDR to the sounds of the sirens outside my house, looking for Loki.
Just looped with you at the beginning of Farquaad.
Presto v...
What else are people suggesting in here?
Okay, Presto would be the pain in the butt.
How about...
Oh, I know.
1999.
No!
No!
Fifth Mix.
Saber Dance.
I think that would be fun.
Oh yeah.
Well, here's what I voted for.
I voted for Outer Limits and my other computer.
I don't care, okay?
I voted for it anyways.
It's all in Japanese.
I can't read their freaking Japanese language.
Actually, wait a minute.
Outer Limits, I believe, is the LED, isn't it?
Wasn't that the bonus trick?
Whatever.
Anyway.
And then I also voted for Instant Love.
With DJ Konami
Great that's what we're doing
I want everybody right now listening to the show to go vote for instant love for DDR with the DJ Konami's voice intact
I want that to be the new lesson mode
I swear to God if they release another DDR with let them move as the lesson mode background that old screeching woman
They need to do the new one
That's true we did
Alright, I'm doing my rant.
So that's all about this.
Also what they're going to start doing on this site, starting on the 25th, which is
in three days, so next week we'll be able to talk about this, Naoki's diary, how feminine
of him.
No, they said diary, not journal, not logbook, not hey what's going on, it's his diary.
I'm about ready. See, I put Naoki in the same category. I put Gakton, as in, you know, very, very pretty, you know, to look at, talented, but definitely on the flame side, on the burning heat side.
Dear Diary, I had the members of B4U over today. We went on my nice little Pirates of the Caribbean ride with my monkey, and I did my nails, and I made another song.
And I tried to think of another name for another band that I could become. I damned that Jenny Rump for stealing my idea.
I will become her. She will not live!
Anyways.
This is kind of odd.
When they said everybody's getting a live journal these days, I didn't think now he
was getting it on it too.
I wonder if he'll have to have a separate journal for each of his alter egos, you know,
Revenge and Desire.
You know, I'm thinking if it's going to be a weekly update, I'm sure that I could probably,
with the proper payments, try to get somebody to translate it to put up or something, or
I could give highlights from it using my favorite translation program, NISTIA Global Games.
I can just see it now, weekend update with Naoki.
Maybe we'll take our own liberties with the translation, mwahaha.
Today I got the B4U girls together today, and we got together at my house and had a
naked spa party, and then we wrote another crappy song, and-
I said it down my hair!
No, I'm sorry, that's polytary.
I made polytary mount the B4U girls.
Today I dressed up like Emi.
I like her. She's kinda cute. Maybe I'll become her someday.
Yes, Emmy! Add it to the personalities.
Next!
I asked the chat room to submit me their funny Naoki diary entries. Did you hear this? Naoki's starting a diary on the 25th.
Naoki's diary. What kinds of things do you think Naoki's going to tell us about in his diary?
Well, I don't know. I don't know Naoki, but that's probably why he's making a diary.
Wait, is it a guy or a girl?
Yes, it's a guy.
Oh, okay.
I wasn't sure.
Just checking.
It's all encompassing, okay?
Deep thoughts with Naoki.
Naoki isn't hidden either.
Let's see.
Naoki's...
Do you ever see It's Pat?
That's Naoki.
No, no, no, because Naoki actually looks very pretty.
I would love to interview Naoki on this show.
I don't know who I have to blow to get that to happen, but come on.
Maybe him.
We gotta make...
I asked the chat room to submit their funny Naoki diary entries, so if you want to send
me a PM with what you think Naoki might just write in his diary, I'm going to read those
aloud right now for you, but let's get some background music, shall we, for these lovely
Naoki diary entries.
Dynamite rave?
Alright.
I gotta find dynamite rave, hold on.
Dynamite Rave is not the worst song ever. Shut your mouth.
That's right, remember? Let them move and buy a bye baby balloon or worse than Dynamite
Rave. We already did that list list on this show.
Nobody can hear you if you don't talk into a microphone.
It's in the category of the worst songs ever folder, which encompasses like DDR USA.
I'm so good by Boyzone. Dynamite Rave is a good song. It's just overplayed.
Way, way, way, way, way overplayed.
But it's still a good song.
Way, way, way, way, way, way overplayed.
Did I mention it's over- okay, anyway.
Uh, I couldn't find any of those, so we're just gonna use Brilliant T-Orchestal Groove. How's that sound?
That's because, you know, it's my favorite song and everybody loves me.
No worries.
So, Naoki's Diary.
Uh, Chaos suggests,
Dear Diary, I made a remix to break down Reggae R&B version. It was really great. It has the Jamaican dude singing instead of the B4U girls.
I like how it's referred to as the Jamaican dude. It'll have Jamaican drums and the black people singing, because B4U sucks.
I don't know if Naoki would say his own band sucks. That was beautiful, thank you Chaos.
JB says Dear Diary, I saw Paula Terry and tried to move my hand down her pants.
That's kind of the obvious entry.
DJ Konami submits us not one but two. Here we go.
Dear Diary, I remixed Die for the 558th time today. Praise me.
The part that makes that funny is at the end. Praise me.
me. Dear Diary, I paid Paula and Kosaka to do some hot action today. Twentz says this.
Dear Diary, I had Paula Terry record Let Them Move. And that's it, because Naoki died after
hearing that. SoCalKick, so this is a long one. Dear Diary, I stumbled on an orange site
that plays songs from that one place I used to work for, and I listened to him and this
random white American asked, who would he have to blow to interview me? I am curious
and I'm going to have to pose as a random American hipster and get this blow.
That was the win. SoCal Kicks wins the diary competition. Oh,
we're getting more. 23rd Magus submits this one.
Dear Diary, I realize after doing 50,000 remixes of the same song that I have issues, one of
which is a major identity crisis.
No!
We didn't know that.
That's why I'll create Bop 2.0 to deal with that type of trauma.
I am too busy for that type of trauma, I need to make more songs.
Let's see, I can make a D for you.
Insert letter, number, letter.
Yeah.
A black lab in the chat room points out,
you know, admitting a problem is the first step to recovery.
He'll be going through, like, the million-step program.
Oh, our chat room people are hilarious tonight.
They're funny.
How about another quick break?
What do you guys think?
You want to go on another subject?
You want to take a break?
What do you want to do?
I think that before we go to the break, I'll go ahead and make a mention about Turney.
We're going to have an official site be up hopefully by mid-next week.
It will be linked from sacbemani.com, which is S-A-C-B-M-A-N-I dot com.
Sacbemani.
Just like it sounds.
Sacbemani.
If you don't know how to spell bemani, then you suck.
Then you have no reason to listen to this.
Why are you here?
But we do have a date confirmed.
It is November 9th at Scandia on, is it Hillsdale Road?
I don't know.
Scandia, Madison and I-80.
You can't miss it.
It's right by the freeway.
We will have maps to the site.
The tournament will be, it will be freestyle and it will be Perfect Attack in the morning.
Sponsored by Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, Orange Lounge Radio.
What about the A-Team?
There will also be a team mode freestyle to be going on during normal freestyle tabulation,
and there also may be another surprise there waiting for us in the form of another Bimani
game, which is on the boat, on its way to come hang out with us.
This is, we should point out, this is not the same Scandia tournament as the Scandia
tournament in December, I think they're having one in the Bay Area.
No, this is a different Scandia.
the Sacramento Scandia, the tournament will not have Scandia in the name, the
tournament name is still kind of being ironed out, but we think we know what it
is, but we're gonna say it next week. We'll reveal the name
next week. All we can say is shut your mouth. We'll reveal the name next week
once we have our first meeting to get everything worked out, but we'll be
posting all that information to just about every single freaking forum out
there. You'd have to be blind to miss it, and I'll say that an Orange Lounge
The Orange Lounge website will be an Orange Lounge new website, we'll have forums in it coming very soon, hopefully in the next couple of weeks.
Wow, so much for that secret.
We didn't confirm it, we're not going to confirm, we're not going to deny those, so there it goes.
Let's see, Orange Lounge random meeting promoted in SoCal by SCK, that's what the tournament is called I guess.
No. Thank you, drive-thru, please.
I'm looking forward to this, because I'll be getting to get up there and emcee this tournament with my good buddy, Electro...
God, I can never say... Tal!
His name's a tongue twister. Tal will be up there, too, and we're gonna emcee this tournament. It'll be fun.
And Jamie, you're gonna do a little emceeing, too, aren't you? You gonna get up there and maybe do a little emceeing?
I'll be hanging out in the little party room over there going,
Okay, you need to be doing this...
i asked for a diet coke you runners are shit this is regular coke where's my
diet coke i'll be in my trailer i throw you out of this tournament i'm going to
my trailer
no not really
and i'm i'm just me i'm going to be in the middle of the thing and if it goes
like you know i was just you know
running around for everybody last year at wholesome and i didn't eat all day so
you know and then again
i also you know i want to go ahead and thank you know
For the people who have been giving me advice on this too, I want to thank Iguana Girl especially.
I want to thank Maple, too, for a lot of the advice at 3am in the morning with information and stuff on how a lot of the tournaments are run.
Okay, let's take a really quick break and we'll have much more information on the tournament next week.
And that's all I have to say. Any other thoughts to take us out?
Song.
Okay, we'll do this. This is a popular song here. We're going to play Spooky for you here
on Orange Lounge Radio.
You must be, must be, knowing that you're lost
Ooh, kick the next one with the beat
I'm gonna make you feel that you're not in the screen
I'm gonna make you feel that you're not in the screen
We can't go around for a while
We must be ahead of ourselves
Are you ready?
Let's see your energy!
Yes!
You're a dead animal!
You are awesome!
Awesome! Awesome!
Wow! Great!
I was moved!
I'm always continuing!
You are awesome!
The crowd loves you!
Yeah, do it!
You're a dancing machine!
Nice step!
You surprised us all!
You surprised us all!
Wow, you are too cool!
Come on, she's doing great!
Hi!
Do you really follow me into the light?
Drilling structures on, drilling structures on my side
Do you really recommend for dynamite?
Love in pieces, our fight, all for one Come together friends, we gotta take big chances tonight
Drill instructor, tell me what to do I'm your man, I will follow only you
See us making love all through the night
That's the reason why drill instructor left to fight
Now sound up, one two, bring it on up
Three four, bring it on down
One two, three four, one two, three four
Do you really follow me into the light?
Drilling structures on, drilling structures on my side
Do you really think a man's got a life?
Love and peace is our fight
All for one, come together friends
We have to take this chance
All for one, come together friends
We gotta take this chance tonight
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
very cool
let's talk about that i got some sad news to report on the show i thought
though we need to talk about it because it is uh... the money related believe it
or not
no whole
uh... however one of the uh... singers from the group rocks at
uh... has a brain tumor
uh... marie frederickson uh... singer with a swedish pop back rocks at best
known uh... for india after cap contribution center of the heart
And also, the look was circulating on some early Max 2 lists, however it appears it got cut or was just an outlight lie the whole time.
She looks like Lucy Lawless.
That's not her. This isn't her. This is somebody else.
Okay, well that chick looks like Lucy Lawless.
That's her out here. I'll get to it here. I'm on a site here.
The 44-year-old singer fainted in her Stockholm home last week, and she's now in the hospital.
Her record label, EMI Sweden, if you ever wondered how they ended up on Dance Mania, they were just part of EMI Sweden,
said that medical tests showed the singer has a small tumor in the back of her head
but that more tests were needed to determine proper treatment.
Moroxet is a duo comprised of this young woman, well, older woman, Miss Fredrickson, and guitarist
and singer Per Gessel, and they were just about to watch a new single called A Thing
About You in three weeks, and they had plans to tour Europe tour that was going to start
in late October, and the duo is one of the most successful musical exports Sweden has
ever produced and the most successful ever in the US singles charts, which somewhat surprised
me.
I always thought ABBA was the bigger of the two bands, but whatever.
Their first UK hit was The Look and a hit number seven on the UK singles charts in 1989.
And they've had four more top 10 hits in the UK, including It Must Have Been Love, Joyride,
which were both also big hits in the US, and Almost Unreal.
Fredrickson had also enjoyed successes under her own name, hitting the Swedish charts in
in 1999, with a duet, Wonderful World, with one of the singers from ABBA, and that picture
the one you say looks like Lucy Lawless, that's the singer from ABBA.
It should be noted that that small tumor is actually, uh, Polteri.
No! Polteri put it there.
It's an alien implant from Naoki so that he can control her, too. Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Lastly, in November, the duo joined US singer and actress Jennifer Lopez, and Swedish royal
dignitaries at the party for Lopez's European tour.
That's some sad news.
We don't like it when DDR people are going to die.
Damn, it wasn't Paul-a-tary!
Grrr!
Why?
You're gonna say this and then suddenly Paul-a-tary's gonna get hit by a bus?
Yeah, suddenly Paul-a-tary's gonna get hit by a bus and you're gonna feel bad, aren't you?
It's not like anything I ever say ever comes true.
Oh wait.
Yeah, it does. Damn.
Speaking of, um...
All my cock-naked chicks just fall from the sky every day now.
Damn.
Asian porn stars.
No. Next, please.
One quick little thing, I thought this would be a funny thing to bring up, for sale on
amazon.com through Toys R Us, Barbie Dance Party, and I'm going to post this link in
the chat room here, it's a dance pad, it's Barbie's official dance pad, so if you want
to have the girls over for a night of dancing, you know, want to show off to Ken, it's actually
a separate game that I don't think is affiliated with a certain sort of system, it looks like
uh...
as it is going to look like one but i don't know we are a rose on it
i thought that
uh... that's right
diary i struck a deal with metall
and with the talent and in the air
to release this came to start subverting small children into the dvd are cold
nobody like instead of a rose got little flowers
all different
each child that plays this game will get swift
swift dose of nyoki isn't
And pretty soon, Ann DiMuro is going to be releasing the Gemma dance pad.
Actually, it should be noted that
Pump It Up, that's just Naoki.
Still Naoki.
No, it's just like a cigarette trying to hook them while they're young.
So instead of having the seven degrees of Kevin Bacon, we don't have the seven degrees of Naoki?
Did you just compare DDR to smoking?
No!
Maybe smoking crack.
I don't know if this is an actual game or not.
I guess if I really wanted to I could look around Toys R Us's site some more, but I don't
feel like it.
So if you guys want to send me stuff, that's fine.
Do you remember that auction on eBay for DDR Kids?
Yeah, they're selling a DDR Ohasta machine.
That's pretty rad.
I don't think it's Ohasta.
It's DDR Kids.
I'm trying to find the link for that.
Wow, and it's only $50!
How cheap!
i wonder if it's uh... padded though
uh... okay refer fifty dollars uh... did jamie's uh... load up the computer
here she's uh... gonna find something
anyways sliver
let's make fun of the barbie had some more uh...
barbie and he could be a candidate
you think there'd be a kid that too
like blue
so now we're going to have it that go with new party with uh... wonderful
the party that gives protections in the front and back and also on the side got
the wings
That's the new barbie pad right there.
Jamie found the link
to the uh...
Somebody just posted it in the chat room. They actually just beat you to it.
Looks like Slinky made that post in the chat room here.
Oh! SoCalKicks suggests it's the GI Joe March-a-thon.
GI Joe March-a-thon.
SoCalKicks is witty tonight. He's uh... He's on the ball. He's te-funny.
But this machine, it's like...
It would probably be as tall as me.
Oh, wow.
It is kind of more like a little kid's machine.
It has this cutesy pad.
It's like a solo, but it has like a flower shape
with an up, down, left, right arrow.
And it's just absolutely adorable.
It has a little cheesy curve.
It looks like it's a little loopy hair.
I don't know if anybody knows Manders,
but it looks about as tall as her, if anybody knows her.
Only $800.
What do you think, Jamie?
Want to pool our money together and buy it?
I think I have $10 on the couch.
I think I've got about $50 in my collection bottle.
We could sell Dave on the street.
I think he could get us about $3.
That thing is so cute.
It is very cute.
I like that.
It's cute with a K.
Somebody needs to buy this.
We need to find some Sacramento arcade owner to buy that.
Of course, how much would we play it?
But this is the great thing.
You could get a little kid away from the big DDR machines.
You got this little machine. Get all the babies on that instead of trying to jump on our machine.
Yeah, have it put out tickets. That's it. That's the cure-all. Have this machine put out tickets.
It would never deal with small children again.
Rob just said that the machine should put out.
Thank you for clarifying. Thank you.
Oh, that whole Jenny Rom talk, you know.
The machine is adorable and people near us need to...
What else am I being given? I'm being given all these other links. Let's see, this one's called Chat Room Sends Me Random Shit and I look it up.
And...
Rave Station! Ooh!
Um, no.
Have a rave in your house!
E not included.
Yeah, E not included.
Oh, what's this? I think this is the Barbie dance pad again. I think somebody just posted that again for somebody who missed it the first time.
oh no Harry Potter vibrating room oh my god that is the worst picture I've ever
seen look at the Nimbus 2000 toy broom and the thing vibrates and it's about
the width look at how that little kid is holding his little broom and it vibrates
Every little girl's dream. And he has the smile on his face.
This has absolutely nothing to do with DDR, but it's fucking funny.
You must hold the shaft of the broom. Everybody say, up!
Dear diary, today I sold my design for the Memphis 2000 Broom to the hotel, and they bought it.
And they bought it!
So now my personal vibrating tool is going to be carried around by small children.
Yet another insidious mauki plot, I rule.
DJ Konami wants me to point out that it does have a warning label on it that says,
Warning, this toy does not fly.
That is cool.
So don't go jumping off the roof.
Little kids have done that, you know.
Sat on their Aladdin magic carpet and jumped off the roof and fallen to their deaths and
wondered why.
Tommy, I was thinking happy thoughts.
No, see, what you do is you're supposed to say, on fly ground,
and it lifts off from the ground.
It's not like it just kind of glides.
It's not a glider.
It flies.
It doesn't glide.
It flies off the ground.
It doesn't glide from the top down.
And Twen posts a nice little, you know how Amazon has the talk back.
You can comment on these things.
So a mother writes, my son has enjoyed zooming around,
pretending he's flying, and it's important to stress to younger kids
that they're only pretending and the brooms can't really fly, playing kiddich and so on.
The motion-sensitive sound effects are apparently fun for him, but they do get kind of old.
The fact that the broom looks just like the one in the movie doesn't hurt, as far as he's
concerned too.
Dear diary, children are stupid, they think that they can fly with a toy broom, ha ha
ha ha.
Maybe I should do a diary.
Maybe we should make Naoki's diary.
Let's get Naoki a dead journal.
We should make the Orange Lounge dead journal.
Maybe we'll have to look into that.
I think so.
Dear diary, we're taking over the world.
We've kidnapped Stalki and picked his brain.
Let's see, um, oh we want to do your sim update?
Yes, let's do your sim update.
And then, I also promised we'd plug one of Loki's other creations here, so we're going
We're going to play one of your songs tonight, Loki. So, give us your sim update first, please.
Okay, sim update. No new DWI versions. I really don't care. I've abandoned all hope for DWI since StepMania has surpassed them.
I used to be a pro-DWI guy, but I'm sorry. I've found StepMania, and I love it. So, go StepMania!
Anyways, supposedly a new version coming out pretty soon, Step Mania 6. For some reason, I already have Step Mania 6. I guess, you know, whatever, CBS Build version.
No, didn't you say that Step Mania 6 was first comprised of, like, some other kind?
It wasn't, like, the actual Step Mania thing, and now I guess they're doing an official one or something?
Yeah, whatever I said. I don't know. Anyways, and then there's also a nice little Max 2 skin that's going to be released that's pretty funny.
so that'll be coming out pretty soon, probably next week or so. No new DDR PC characters.
Turning Mix 2, it's wrapping up as of tonight, so we'll have the results next week for you
guys, see who won that, and that'll be fun. I didn't enter, don't care. And let's see,
other news, it may be possible that I might be starting a file serve on the DDR Maniacs
chat room. So all 1300 of my DWIs out there... You're going to give them away? Maybe. I don't
know. I have to see, because I'm going to be doing this at work, so I have a T1 line
constantly running for people to steal it, and I have to see how much hardware space
I have at my computer at work and if the firewall will allow it. So, maybe, maybe not. It might
not happen, but... Oh, somebody's suggesting you should do that file serve in Orange Lounge
to get more people to come to the channel.
I could.
Mmm.
Okay.
Just a thought.
See, other than that, there's a pretty cool thing I found about StepMania, it has a Super
Shuffle mode.
That's also very fun.
Super Shuffle?
Yeah.
Super Duper Shuffle?
Is that like all notes are completely randomized, not just all notes from up go to left or whatever?
Does that make us even more of a Super Duper power?
Uh, yeah.
Basically what Dave said.
DownUpLeftRight does Super Shuffle and StepMania Beta 6, which is fun.
And yeah, that's about it. Tons of songs, 1300 songs.
I have an addition for your sim update. I know this is one you haven't really been following,
but remember when we talked a couple weeks ago about the Dreamcast one that's coming out?
The Feet of Fury? The game that they're doing?
No one plays the Dreamcast anymore.
I do!
Hey, I still play both of my Dreamcasts.
I play the Nintendo emulator on the Dreamcast, that's about all I use it for.
I played DDR the other day on the Dreamcast.
They released an update on September 20th.
They're saying the release size is only going to be about 28 megs.
There's going to be seven songs in the beta they're going to release very soon.
There's going to be eight characters in it. They're going to have a step editor
which is going to be...
They've used it to create the steps they've got so far.
And they're going to have a swap CD capability where you can
use the swap CD menu, open up CDs and play your own songs with the music
in Ogg Vorbis format, whatever that is, and the steps in the standard Dance with Intensity
format. So most of the basic stuff is supported but nothing forth, mix or above, like BPM
changes, pauses, freeze arrows, triplets, etc. So it's going to be very basic sorts
of edits. They'll post more about that, and tentatively they're going to have step files
on the VMU, and it'll let you edit your steps for your own songs without having to burn
a bunch of CDs. That'd be pretty cool.
So we'll see about that.
It's fun if you beat batteries in your VMU.
Rumor is that's going to be released on October 1st, I guess. So keep an eye on CAGames.com,
and as soon as we get our little hands on it, we'll give you a full review right here
on Orange House Radio. What's the date today? The 22nd. So you got about, oh actually no,
it won't be next week. It'll be in a couple weeks.
We'll have it soon. We'll have it soon. When we get it, we'll tell you about it, as we
always do here on Not Orange Long. We're going to take one more quick break and then come
back and wrap up the show, but actually for this break, we've got a very special song.
Loki, you want to tell us about this song? This is Night by Loki. You want us to play
this song for us? Oh, this is one of my old songs. I thought you wanted me to play this
one. You want to play one of the other ones instead? Can you play two? Can't play what?
can we play two? Oh, they're kind of long, actually.
Yeah, they're all kind of long, so I just want to do one, if that's cool.
Let's play a newer one.
I mean, Nightmare's pretty good.
How about...
Sorry, let me bring up your list.
Let's see...
Let's start with...
How about we do the one I named after last week's show, Metro Apple.
Great, yeah.
An ode to my speaking skills here.
Okay, we'll try that one.
I made this a couple months ago. It's fun.
So we're going to play this as Metroopolis. Any other stories behind the song you want to tell us about?
No, I didn't really have a title for it until about last week.
And people in chat were asking if I'm going to play that full version of
Dark Forest and also another special
Ginny Rom song.
I'm going to try and get to those. If we don't get to them during the show,
we'll do them during the afterbirth, okay? For sure.
So here we go, this is a Loki with Metropolis here on
orange lounge radio
Oh, you could say.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Let's go wrestle, let's go wrestle, let's go wrestle.
of my old stuff on there. Pretty good one. Well, it sucks. My one song on there, I have
two. I have one called Dark Side and My Nightmare. Unfortunately, stupidmp3.com copied over My
Nightmare with Dark Side, so I have two copies of that song. And My Nightmare was really
awesome. I love that song, so if we can get to play that maybe by the end of the show,
maybe. Okay, that'd be cool. We'll get that worked in there somehow. If not, we'll do
in the super-secret after birth.
Now that's a super-secret.
Twins putting a link in the chat room for everybody.
Okay, one more topic I want to talk about for the end of the show.
I want to talk about fair pricing for DDR.
Because there's been some local arcades in the area that have kind of been wondering,
you know, what's a fair price for us to be charging for DDR? So I thought I'd
take your guys' suggestions.
A lot of people bitch and bitch and bitch about the Metreon being on the high end
of places. I believe it's either $1.50 or $2 a game for three songs. I think that's
a little bit overpriced. Very excessive. But you could get on TV on that show, Extended
Play. Ooh. It's worth the $2, man. Or not. Well, I think that places like Metreon, that's
way too much. I mean, I can see for newer mixes, like Max II and maybe Max or Fifth
Mix being four for three songs or something along that lines. Like I know the one Riptide
Arcade is at the one at Pier 39. Yeah, that place has joint premium for Max II, but it's
like eight quarters or something like that. But it's expensive, but it's joint premium,
So what you're saying is that it costs $2 to play singles or doubles?
Well, you just find someone to split it with because I never go to an arcade alone, if
I know that I'm not going to meet anyone there, so that kind of stuff.
I've gone to arcades alone, nobody loves me.
I read the best to go to an arcade by myself.
No, seriously, if I go to an arcade in Sacramento, I've never not seen anyone there, except that
when they first got maxed, I went there at 11 o'clock in the morning and I didn't see
anyone maxed.
It's because they were asleep.
I was like, okay, I must play max.
Then I played Fantasy on reverse and I've now played reverse and I failed.
You had an interesting comment, Jamie, about joint premium.
Your thoughts on joint premium?
Well, it makes sense to have older, if you've got multiple machines, have the older ones
on joint premium.
That way you will encourage people to make use of those older machines too while you've
you've got people that are on the more expensive machines.
That way, all your machines will stay in use.
Good example is Scandia, who are Scandia.
They've got the fourth mix.
Two tokens for three songs, joint premium is on.
So if two people want to play, it's
one token for three songs, a piece.
So that's really nice.
And what's worked for me, I've gotten back
into playing doubles, thanks to that.
Because doubles are always expensive,
and I always bitch about how expensive double are.
for two tokens and joint premium being on, I can play three songs of doubles for two
tokens. That's really nice. So, I like that. SoCalKicks is suggesting that you know what,
DarkSecra, you ought to just win the lottery and run an arcade the right way.
Hey, if I could, you know I would. And Scandiad rules because they have bumper
boats. Scandiad does indeed have bumper boats and
they have a batting cage. So joint premium is really cool.
So you think a fair price, four tokens for three songs, let's say a dollar for three
songs too much, I think 75 cents, a little more fair, I mean what's the most you will
pay for DDR?
Have any of you ever paid to play DDR at the Metreon?
I have.
I paid two dollars for three songs at Anime Expo my first year but it was the first DDR
machine I had ever seen.
It was a third mix.
I played at the Metreon just because like, yay it's the Metreon and I didn't know about
up here at 39 because that was stupid and so I paid way too much but yeah it's cool.
I'm willing to pay a dollar for three songs, I've gotten used to it because I remember
when at first Roseville Golf Land had gotten Guitar Freaks and there was all these people,
everyone was bitching including me going, well it should be 75 cents for three songs
or 50 cents for three songs because you know it's not DDR and DDR was a dollar for four
back then because it was a fourth mix.
And then they said, no, it's going to be a dollar for three. You'll get used to it. And everyone has.
And that's basically just been the way of things now, like a dollar for three songs and this stuff.
I paid three dollars to play doubles at Phantom of Khan on a fourth plus machine.
Wow. Sucker.
That's what I made two years ago. Was it two years ago?
This year. Oh, they had it this year. I didn't realize.
You know, the year before, I paid a dollar fifty to play, you know, each game of DDR because it was a fourth plus.
Um, you know, like I said, my first anime expo, I paid $2 a game to, to play on my very
first ever DDR machine, so, I mean, now we can afford to be picky.
I, I paid the full price over at the Metron a couple times, just because I wanted to say
I played DDR at the Metron.
That's all it was.
I just wanted to say, okay, you know.
I was there that time.
I played, I played one game.
That was it for me because, you know, yay, Fifth Mix, I could have played that anywhere
at the time.
So.
Fifth Mix is becoming a relic along with Fifth Mix.
It's got the PlayStation, you know, sometimes it's just one game, you know.
That machine was crappy though?
And plus I got to play the old school 1.5 mix, and how often do you get to play that anymore?
It was expensive, yes I was ripped off, but you know, it was fun, that's what it's all about, it was worth it.
Well the thing about that particular machine, the one that was out in the hall outside the movie theater,
is you get the glare from those big windows outside and half of the machine was faded in color.
Oh yeah, I mean if I were a regular gamer living in San Francisco, I would not go to the Metreon on a regular basis.
basis. In fact, I know someone who does, and I'm like, why don't you go over to Riptide
Arcade? They've got more money and they've got a better deal on their games. Why don't
you go over there? And it's just kind of like, oh, I don't feel like walking over there.
I don't feel like taking bar to the bus. So it's just kind of like, well, if you really
want to pay it, then go for it. So, I guess that does it for DDR at the Metron.
So we think fair prices, typical standard is about what, 25 cents each song, pretty fair?
I would probably say for max 2 fair is $1 for 3.
For even for 5th mix I'd say $1 for 4, anything under.
For 3rd mix, actually 4th mix and under, I would say 3 for 4 or 2 for 3 and leave it at that.
You know, for 1.5, you know, 1 for 1.
SoCalKicks suggests...
Or maybe 1 for 3, I don't know.
SoCalKicks suggests 30 cents for 5 songs on a max 2.
Okay, it has to be something realistic,
where the arcade owner is going to make their money back.
If it's a nickel arcade, that's a whole different story.
Okay, we're going to take one more quick break
and then come back and wrap up the show.
The reason why we're taking this break,
there's some songs I really want to play for you guys.
We've got Jenny Rom with a song called Do You Want to Flirt,
which is one of the producer's favorite songs.
songs and then we're gonna hear the full five-minute version of Steve Reiner with
Dark Black Forest long trip so we're gonna play those and we're gonna come
back, wrap things up, and that'll be a show. I'll see you in a little bit.
Can you feel the sky?
Here we are
One moment don't stop and love me baby
One moment don't stop and kiss me baby
One moment don't stop and love me baby tonight
With me so high
One moment love is not forever
One moment we'll just be together
One moment don't stop and love me baby tonight
The night will fly
In the shadow of my life
You can be my sunlight tonight
And you wanna come with me
Hey, do you wanna have a hug?
Kiss me now, be my boy
I'll see you until the sky
You'll be mine
One woman down south
Love me baby
It's not forever
On the moon we'll best be together
Woman woman dance like a lonely baby tonight
Land or flight
What do you want to die for?
It's a long way to go, honey.
I know. But I'm afraid. Where are we going?
into the dark black forest.
Into the dark, black forest.
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge radio staff meeting.
Stream Bobbani Radio. That's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, we're coming up on the end of the show here, Orange Lounge Radio episode number 13.
Uh, we had a big debate about that in the beginning of the show, by the way.
Uh, so I'm just going around the room collecting closing thoughts.
Uh, Loki, any closing thoughts?
Um...
No, duct tape is cool.
Duct tape is cool.
Duct tape is cool. In fact, Naoki owns duct tape. He will become one of duct tape.
Dear Diary, I've found many uses for duct tape. Sometimes I'll strip down Politarian
t-anyway.
I use it to attach my, uh, male members for when I want to change sexes. You know, switching
me to playing Politarian Naoki.
Did you ever see that one scene in Silence of the Lambs where it-nevermind.
No, I haven't.
Never mind.
And Dave, any thoughts from you?
And Dave, any final thoughts from you?
Um, football is cool. I hope DDR USA is.
is, I need to get a Japanese PS2, yeah, 2DX rule. Any final thoughts from you, Jamie?
I like fire. I like fire, too, and that's my final thought.
So, thanks. We light my fire. We light my fire, baby. Thanks to everybody
for listening. Please tune into our Be It Money, Music, and More program, which is always
on this station when we're not here, and tons of new stuff coming to the station this week
too.
We're going to put in that Dark Black Forest song and we're going to go back through our
Dance Mania picks and update a lot of those too.
There's already some Fantasia 3 stuff in there too, if you want to hear some of that.
That's all in the Bamani Music and War program, always on the station when we're not here.
And we're adding in Panorama because I said so.
Yes.
Yeah, we need lots of listening hours and ratings, so everybody listen to that.
If anybody has any suggestions of things that you want to hear, go ahead and email that to us.
Oh yes, please utilize our email. It's orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
Send us your comments, your thoughts, your suggestions, your plugs, your marriage proposals and everything.
Orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And on that note, I believe we're going to end this show now.
Let's end this on a high note.
That was very good, Jamie. I'm impressed.
That earned Paul a Terry, thank you Logan.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known
as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
You say this cat is a bad mother.
Shut your mouth.
Talking about Cheryl.
And we can do this.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
