Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live back once again on the 1st of December, 2024, episode number 1027 of our show.
Me, Rob Roberts, and my co-hosts, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, how are you?
I have a lot to do at work that I have to get done in two weeks.
So it's going to be balls to the wall, as they say, whoever they are.
But I had all these plans of stuff I needed to get done during the week I was off.
That's how it goes.
I hear that.
Unfortunately, my husband, Alan, has been very sick this weekend, and it's nothing that I caught.
Didn't come up on a COVID test, so don't know what he's battling right now.
That was how it was for me and Dan.
Yeah, it's weird.
He is doing the Mucinex thing, though.
but uh he's uh you know just unfortunately he's been out of it so didn't get to take a trip to Ikea I was thinking it might be a good thing to do because I actually I want to replace some of the stuff I have behind me here I now have a second little mini arcade machine it's a new one that just showed up well actually y'all might remember this I I asked for this for my birthday from the birthday fairy uh which is an odd name for my husband but sure we'll go with that the birthday fairy um he actually pre-ordered or pre-purchased
I need to go to Ikea I need to look for a couple of smaller storage shelves because I am in the middle of redoing my office
Oh, there you go.
Officially.
Yeah, there you go.
So that's kind of where I'm at is that I just, if I could, I have a little bit of room.
It's hard to see on the camera, but I have a little bit of space between my arcade one-up machines and there's a little space with the wall over here.
So if I kind of move them a little closer together, I think I'll have just enough room with the couch here to fit a kind of a better, a more stable countertop for two arcade top machines, which will be nice.
So.
because after that I'm out of room no more because we keep joking keeps joking like oh there's a full-size Mortal Kombat machine that's a hundred dollars off oh there's a Pac-Man it's literally that where will we put it we are out of room hey that's where we are like we need a bigger house Dan's like I have to reorganize my office so I can fit Metallica in there right now Metallica's in the middle of our hallway wow the whole band yeah
Yeah, you know, they all fit in my hallway.
I'm kidding.
I mean, standing up, they could probably fit in my hallway.
But anyway, yeah, the machine is there in the hallway.
And then I've got, because I've been going through just pockets of stuff, like, because I knew I was going to be going through this room, I sort of just threw stuff around.
And so I've got pockets of sorting bins that I've bought at Daiso.
that I'm just using to break down what goes in what room, what's an art supply.
That's my biggest thing is all my hordes of art supplies, which I will probably be putting together care packages.
Nice.
By the way, by the way, Rob, did you know that you are going to be the recipient of one of my donor cards?
I heard from donating during your subathon.
I was able to get in there early, early, but then I had to run to the drugstore for Alan, and then I was going off to the Bay Area for Friday.
I have a collection of semi-rude cards semi-rude like my favorite one is the one that says thank you for the gift that shows how little you know me you know they're just snarky I thought they were fun so excited
Alright, well, let's see what kind of snark he has for the holidays.
It's Techmaster Loki.
How are you, Loki?
Hello, I'm good.
Any home improvement projects on your end, since we're talking about trying to rearrange things to make space?
What about you?
You're approaching, is this the last day of your two-week break?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry, Loki.
Rest in peace to your break.
Did you have a decent one overall?
It was okay.
I got stuff done.
Well, best of all, you got to take a break from your day job.
So, that's nice.
Yeah.
I've had like the last... I took most of last week off, so I've had like six days off in a row or something like that.
It's been nice.
The only bummer is with Alan's sick.
It's kind of really limited.
Thanksgiving for me was... I basically had to leave Alan here, and I went out and took my dad out.
So it was just me and my dad for Thanksgiving, which is fine.
I'm glad I got to see my dad.
And then we had to leave Alan at home for a little Friendsgiving I did yesterday.
So it's like...
I feel really bad for him.
This is a shitty time of year to be sick, but what can you do?
Yeah.
What can you do?
But hopefully you're feeling good, Loki, even if you do have to go back to work tomorrow.
Yeah, as good as you can on a Sunday night when you know you have work tomorrow.
That's right.
That's right.
Well, we'll make the best of this Sunday night by talking about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with all of you in our chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
That's V-O-G Network.
9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And that's where you can find us each and every week.
And we are, of course, watching chat.
Some people talking about Ikea brands in there.
Tiger Claw also mentioning, I go back to work tomorrow, but work closes for the holidays from December 20th to January 6th.
Yeah, I used to work for a company like that that took the entire two weeks off like it was winter break from school.
My current company doesn't really do that, but I'm okay kind of where I...
All is well, all is well.
All right, Rogi, Loki.
Yep.
Yeah, so we've got a brand new patent that's been filed by Nintendo for what is assumed to be the next game console that they have.
So what this is, is basically a tech patent that allows their console to work seamlessly with mobile phones.
Now, the actual patent itself talks about, I believe, additional displays.
So it's saying that basically the game console itself will determine a second image that includes the connection destination information and be displayed on a secondary display device.
So essentially using phones as kind of like an additional screen or something like that.
So that could be cool.
Yes, but it's also definitely not the first time we've seen the phone as a, you know, secondary device.
Well, just any, any, I mean, that and just anything as a secondary device on a Nintendo console, because we used to do that a lot with like the, I don't know if the DS had, I guess the DS did have some of that connectivity, but I know the Game Boy Advance for sure had that.
with like the GameCube and stuff like that so it's not the first time we've seen something like this it makes sense that you would see like another like a phone as a possibly a you know input device on even like some things like I can see like integration with like a Jackbox game or something like that I mean I technically do that now but that's the game I think of is that Jackbox games yeah
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But wasn't that supposed to be a thing with the Amico?
Like the whole fact that you could use your mobile phone as a controller In fact, I believe what they actually put out Remember the whole Amico app?
Whatever they actually put out was that silly app that had some of the games in it
You could tell the app was just going to be the OS for the Amico system at some point.
Because you needed two phones, right?
You needed one to service the Intellivision, and then the other to be your controller.
So the Intellivision was supposed to use this as well.
So for as much shit as we give Amico...
Here's Nintendo doing something similar, although, to be fair, I would say Jackbox was the first place I really remember seeing it.
I'm not saying it was the first to ever do it, but it was the first place I really remember seeing it was the Jackbox part.
Yeah, I wouldn't give much credit or any credit to the Amico, to be honest, because, like, I mean, with that, they were like, well, the controller is integral to be able to play these games, and then they're like, but, you know, you can just use a mobile phone to do that.
Yeah.
Like, okay, well, why do I need...
Why do I need a console for these mobile games?
Don't you all have phones?
We do.
We're playing on them.
But what's a console need to be here for?
It's like additional Android devices just in the way.
Like, I don't know.
Yeah.
They were smart.
They would have just had an app on like, you know, these smart TVs and there you go.
There's your Amico console.
You can download your console for free.
That is where you would think things may have ended up at the end of the day.
I mean, I don't know.
I've kind of just stopped caring.
I'm just going to be 100% honest.
I just stopped caring about it, especially after the sale of everything but the Amico to Atari.
It's kind of one of those things where you're like,
I don't know what's going to happen I am assuming at this point the Amico is full on vaporware that it's just not happening ever and I've come to accept that if one day one of them shows up at my house because yes I pre-ordered one call me what you want I don't care I'm already over it like you know it's then one shows up as a pleasant surprise but even at that I wouldn't expect much out of it at this point because that console is supposed to be out five years ago so yeah
Yeah, I don't think there'll be anything coming.
Yeah, Bobby says, to be fair, we only put a deposit on one.
Yeah, it's true.
Well, I'm sure they would happily charge my bank account for the rest of it.
But they're going to need to... Well, actually, the card that they would have is so old at this point.
Like, all those cards expired.
I have a totally different credit card, that totally different bank and everything from when I first pre-ordered.
So yeah, they'd have to find all that information.
So until they come asking me for my new credit card, I'm assuming it's never happening.
Anyway, look forward to my autobiography someday.
Tommy Tallarico owes me $100.
Does he?
Oh yeah, he has your pre-order.
This is why it's very few Kickstarters and very few of these pre-order things I'll ever do again.
I did the Electronic Gaming Monthly one.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, there's one.
I was just checking, actually.
Funny, no, I was checking Kickstarter earlier in the week because I saw one of these games.
They were advertising an update.
I'm like, oh, did I ever get that from the Kickstarter?
Apparently, it was in my library still.
I had gotten that.
But there was one, though, that still...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm just helping.
That dollar goes to the VOG fund, not Rob's bank account.
But that's all right.
That's all right.
How much of Rob's bank account goes into the VOG fund anyway?
Do you think he's ever going to show us?
I mean, he's still doing video games live, right?
I don't think so.
I think.
No?
No.
He's just not going to disappear off the face of the earth?
Um.
Bobby says Tommy's a backgammon champion now
Really?
I didn't know that.
All those prize pools for backgammon, you know, that can pay off the Amico.
Hey, the old G4 guy at our old network is an ice cream guy now.
I know, I'm jealous that that's not nearby.
He actually has some nitrogen ice cream.
Sounds pretty good, to be honest.
Can't hate on that.
Wow, I had no idea.
Bobby says he won a world tournament in Monte Carlo.
I mean, good for him.
According to go to Monte Carlo for a tournament when he owes people all this money.
Wow.
I mean, honestly, like if he had just like
Skip the whole Amico section and did the backhand and stuff.
We might be thinking a little more favorably of him.
Here's the weird thing, and this is the last I'm going to say on it.
Because I know there's always a thousand haters every time you just say Tommy Tallarico three times in the mirror and the YouTube comments will get flooded with haters.
And I get it, and I understand why people... The man has a bit of an ego.
I get it.
But at the same time, I don't think...
He's not bad, he's just drawn that way
a thief and an aloof foolishness not that I'm excusing it but I'm just saying I don't think he's a bad guy I just think he made a lot of bad decisions yeah I think when they got to like their second or third funding round that they probably should have questioned their intent at that point it's like okay yeah that was the point I knew I wasn't seeing my money again
It is what it is.
All right.
But now all the other fundraisers, or not fundraisers, but crowdfunding.
Now all the other crowdfunding efforts have to pay for it because I won't back one again unless I personally know the person or that there's an actual end product that we're looking at type of thing.
Yeah, I backed one recently in August for these marble run things through the company Rocker, which I've got my wooden pinball machine that I still haven't finished because I haven't worked on it.
But the marble kit's cool and they actually showed up, so that was kind of nice.
They're not all bad out there.
I mean, there are some, but it's not all bad projects.
You just have to do your research on if they're more established or something like that.
Or in the case of some of these indie games and stuff like that, you have to do a physical release or
you know something more specific you just have to look at the track record of the group although that said i mean like and even like the amico stuff with like who was like involved with it like it sounded like a good thing at the time but i didn't get it but i was like well at least they'll release a product it just won't be it'll be like an uya you know and not necessarily good but it'll be a product little do we know
No, no Mariah Carey ever.
Well, Whamageddon began today.
I would rather Whamageddon than the Mirai Apocalypse.
I agree.
And I brought it up yesterday.
I mean, yesterday was still November, though, so that we're still technically safe.
But like, I was like, listen, I might stop playing that song.
And instead, my wife decided to turn it up and then also teach us or convince our son to learn it on piano.
So yeah.
Oh my god, can your son actually play?
I don't have a lot for you.
Some of it, yeah.
Oh my god, that's so good.
Pretty soon your wife is just going to yell out, it's time!
I think she's signing that video too.
You know what?
You know what?
I'm just going to dig myself a hole in the backyard and stay there until December 25th and then bust out all my Hanukkah stuff.
And then I'm going to hire a Klezmer band to follow Oli all around.
Is this the same kid that's playing the recorder?
Because you got two kids, Loki.
One's on the piano.
Get the other one on the recorder to start playing.
No, he's not going to play the recorder.
I want to play the recorder.
I want a bass recorder.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyway, I played stuff and I bought stuff.
It was a bad idea that I bought stuff because I'm actually trying to save up for some things, namely an OLED Steam Deck.
But I played, well, I had that subathon on Black Friday that only a few people really came for, but it was cool.
I had fun.
um I uh I played uh of course Dead by Daylight played a lot of it we had a whole session a whole round where we got to pet the puppy for the new killer he's a good doggo um
then played Polya, played Dragon Age The Veilguard Dan and one of his pinball buddies Jeff, he came over and they were playing The Legend of Zelda and Zelda 2 in the other room so that was going on in my house
um then uh I also I've been playing uh the Suica game and I got another game that had been on my list and it was really cheap so I got Fruit Mountain which is like the Suica game but in more 3D on like a plate you have to stack and match up the the food until it forms like the different fruits and whatnot
I also picked up Arcade Spirits.
I got Battle Chef Brigade.
I got Last Faith.
And I picked up Toho New World.
And also Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite Deluxe Edition because it's marked down to 11 bucks.
because uh it why not why not you know I just did it because of reasons um and yeah I uh I've just been doing my my own stuff um happy oh and um Hecht mentioned something about a team making a wrestling game that's worked off a reverse engineered N64 wrestling engine and yes I have seen this um
I actually had a beta of it downloaded at some point very recently, but I haven't played it.
But that was based off of WrestleMania 2K for N64.
So I do have that.
And I also have something that I will be talking about today for Classic Games.
Nice.
Rewinding a little bit to Dead by Daylight.
For those not aware, the new killer in Dead by Daylight is the Houndmaster, right?
She's glorious.
She's a pirate lady who has a dog.
The dog is the mechanic.
The dog will chase survivors.
Your dog's name is Snug.
It's about the dog.
Yeah, and Mori is literally step on me, mommy.
That's the part that cracks me up, is they actually turn step on me, mommy into a Mori, because you know what she does?
She steps on you, and it's actually kind of gross, but you don't see anything too gory.
Dead by Daylight is still kind of cartoon violence.
I've noticed something.
I was perfectly fine.
My Meg was protected by the power of the pig.
Well, I was going to ask what we think of the new killer.
Because I was watching... I haven't played yet, though.
See, I was watching Nick, our pal, Nick and Prince, who I'm sure you raid him a lot.
I know we talked about him before.
Because you and I both enjoy watching him.
And he plays a lot of killer in Dead by Daylight.
He was not enjoying his time with her.
Really?
Yeah.
I guess apparently the dog is really bugged.
And does not run.
You can see some clips on his channel where he's like...
Go here, dog!
And the dog suddenly teleports to another part of the map.
There's just some weird shit.
It's a cat.
Bad dog.
Bad dog.
Yeah, bad dog.
So he seemed to be getting really frustrated.
I did get the skin, though, so I could get the poodle.
And I swear, if you look at the poodle face on, it looks like the Wraith.
Interesting.
Like, the way that the poodle's floofy hair goes, it looks like the little pointy part on the Wraith's mask and everything.
Mm-hmm.
It's so weird.
The killer's design and everything I think is fine.
I don't think anybody has a problem with that.
She looks great.
And her voice acting.
Actually, I'm going to be honest.
Sometimes we've talked about things in video games that are hard to deal with.
Like DarkSakura, you've mentioned before you don't like clowns so you don't appreciate when we talk about the killer clowns game or even the clown is in Dead by Daylight and I'm sure you do not like seeing him show up.
I told you what I'd do to him.
Actually, I forget.
What do you do for clowns?
He wears the chicken mask, so I don't have to look at him if I have to play him.
Oh, when you play him, you're the one that dresses as chicken.
Yeah, yeah.
No, no.
I have him in a regular outfit, but I put the chicken mask on his head.
Oh, got it.
Okay.
And the last time I got my adept with him, it took me five minutes.
Less than that.
Less than five minutes.
I don't know if you remember.
And I don't know how many listeners know this.
I have issues with big dogs.
And this goes back to a childhood thing.
When I was five years old, I was bit by a dog and it was kind of like hysteria and all these things happened.
So I will just say the last time I had a full-on panic attack was because a big dog was off a leash, owner nowhere to be found, basically threatening me unprovoked.
It's not like I was trying to mess with this dog or anything.
So my point is...
I'm a little worried how I'm going to take to this whole thing, but I've been watching it.
I'm kind of like, all right, like I think because it is a video game and my brain can really kind of like separate the two and I realize it's not like a thing.
And plus that whole thing for me has actually gotten better over the years.
Like I used to, I used to not even do this.
When 1-2 was live, you were over here when Will was here and had 1-2.
Yeah, it's gotten better, but it's one of those things where the less I think about it, the less... But when I was watching Nick's stream, it sort of came to my mind where I was like, wait a minute, I don't like big dogs.
I don't like saying that because every dog owner wants to fight when I say that, so I hope people will understand the difference.
What I mean when I say I don't like big dogs really means...
My upbringing caused me to have this brain reaction when dogs do these things to me unprovoked.
That's what I mean when I say I don't like big dogs.
I'm sure your dog is a princess, but I'm just saying generally I have issues.
Just flat out do what I do about the snail and slug thing.
I've got trauma around that.
Yeah, and most people get it.
It's not that you don't like them.
They're probably nice and personable, but you have trauma around them.
Yes, all of that.
Honestly, small dogs even used to kind of bug me, but we're kind of past that point now.
I can tolerate small dogs pretty easy at this point.
In fact, some of them I think are rather cute.
My grandma used to have a Dachshund when she was with us who I thought was cute.
I love corgis.
I love corgis.
I got to play with a corgi corgis are basically fat fucking cats like they're divas and they have the cute butts and I'm honestly not allergic to them I just found out so dog fans I'll meet you halfway corgis but the big dogs can stay locked up in the thing over there and I'll appreciate it from a great distance please don't get any closer
This might just be me, but looking at the two dog models, though, for Snug, like the poodle and the... Oh, someone told me what it was.
I thought it was a mastiff, but it's another kind of dog.
But look at them, like, right in the face, and, like, the normal one looks...
I don't know, kind of looks like a good boy.
But the poodle looks evil.
Avoid the poodle.
Which tracks because my grandparents had poodles.
My other grandparents.
So my dad's mom had the Dasha and my mom's mom and dad had the poodles.
My uncle had an Afghan.
My uncle had an Afghan.
I just had to ask your opinions on the killer I still had a gaming week Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were done See?
You know what they say about assuming Oh, the other thing is that I found my copy of Tetris 2 for Famicom That's it Oh, interesting, alright Loki, how was your gaming week?
um it was pretty much just working on Minecraft stuff so I was putting out content this week and then we're just working on the big water ride which I didn't finish but I've got a lot of work done on it so it's looking pretty nice yeah all right that's about it I saw you were pushing more shorts to your channel this week yeah it doesn't matter like I looked at my last 90 days I've lost 50 subs so how the fuck does that happen
I don't expect you to know the answer.
Like, were 50 accounts banned?
I don't know.
It's just weird.
That's a big number for no reason.
So, essentially what it is is my channel this entire year has been flat for like the last 365 days aside from when I because I got tired of seeing no growth of the channel so I was like, okay, let's try one of these YouTube promotion things.
And that worked okay, but there's a lot you shed a lot of subs off of that as well because I don't know
BOTS are picking up on the advertised stuff, which is weird.
I've had mixed results with that stuff in the past, but it certainly seems like the stuff integrated through YouTube is awful, and it's not...
I don't know why they don't really push my content I put it out short for example, I put it out short yesterday um
I think it's only been viewed about 50 times.
But now if I delete that and re-upload it, it may hit like 2,000 views.
That's weird.
Their algorithm is stupid.
I don't know what it is.
And it's... There's not much I can do about it.
It's the most popular.
I have stuff on TikTok.
It is... That is even worse than YouTube.
It doesn't work.
Like, I'm telling you, I don't know what it is.
Well, as of habit, whatever it is you make, because it's the same video, and now especially that YouTube can go up to three minutes, you know, the same short should go to YouTube, TikTok, and I think Instagram is also three minutes at this point.
I think you can do threads now, too.
Yeah, I just don't...
it just doesn't your audiences don't cross over really with that stuff I find so it just doesn't make sense for me to do that and then just in general like you know this stuff that I'm doing now it is tough like I had someone reach out the other day and they looked at like some of the stuff I'm doing on my channel and like tried to help out with like why they think you know people are not doing it but like the stuff that their feedback was based off of like
watching a video the problem is that people don't watch the videos at all so like you can't even get to that point where you're saying well it's because your first like 30 seconds weren't engaging enough or whatever the case may be but then also like you have to change the entire style of how you make content then if you you know and do you want to like do you want to be authentic or do you want to jiggle the keys in front of the like the babies watching your your content like I don't know
What necessarily I need to do there.
I get that struggle is that basically you feel like that advice is like, be totally inauthentic.
And then it's like, what am I doing?
It is pretty much.
People want a product.
I've heard that.
They're like, have you tried making videos more like Mr. Beast?
I'm like...
I don't want to and there already is a MrBeast I think it's cheap when people try to emulate him sorry not sorry I think people that try to chase those trends are I think it's very transparent very transparent there's a lot of different styles of how to make like SMP content and I've seen like I know because I look at other SMP content and see like what they're doing and they're doing the same thing if not like less quality and it's still getting more views and it's like
I don't know what to do here.
You always hear the advice of, well, just put out better content.
I put out pretty good content.
And they're like, well, you just need to
Make better thumbnails then.
Okay, I don't know how... What do you want me to do?
Like, I'm already, like, turning up the saturation because, you know, for whatever reason... And I'm saying babies, but I'm, like, comparing, like, people with extremely short attention spans, I guess.
Really, like, the bright colors shown in the face.
Like, it's so stupid.
It's like I'm, like, building content for, like, a non-human person.
Like, it's just...
I don't know.
It's like, oh, I need the bright and shiny and the loud noises shouted into my eyes and ears.
I get the frustration.
I feel like we're repeating ourselves a little bit from last week, but that's okay.
I get the frustrations for sure.
I'm glad you're sticking with it, at least in staying true to yourself in the whole process, because if nothing else, this will be a time capsule of who you were and what you did during this time frame, just to show
has done for us over two decades.
And for better or for worse, you go back to the old shows and it's like, oh, some of it's kind of cringe, but then it's like, oh, some of it, wow, we actually kind of called a couple things there.
Oh, I just kind of need to see these things.
And Bobby, and I get it.
There are younger viewers, but it's not necessarily the case.
There's actually quite a lot of people that are much older that are watching content.
And that's the thing, is there is content that's built that way where it's very...
Quick Cuts and Shouty and just oversaturize the hell and all that stuff.
And that doesn't appeal to these people, whereas there's other types of content out there.
And I looked at demographics and stuff, and I had at one point, there was a lot of my age people watching the content.
So it's... I'm not really making it for kids.
Would it be a stretch to say that, okay, if it is an older crowd, could it be that your content is...
Lens Itself Well to the mom or dad or parent, whatever, can watch with their kid.
That it's for both.
Yeah, it's for both.
I don't know.
I think it's hard to say because it's hard...
I don't know because like one other thing too as I look at like you know large creators like the Hermitcraft creators problem there is they have such an ingrained audience it doesn't really matter what they do like they can make videos the old school way of making videos like minimal editing just build and talk to camera and that's it and
They can get away with that because they already have the established audience.
It's not necessarily... They're getting more viewers because of who they already are.
I can't do that in the same way because I don't just get invited to a large server because of timing and everything.
Unfortunately, right now, there aren't really larger servers to go to or more popular servers.
There's short-term SMPs, but those are so clicky that...
it's the same group of people in all of these SMPs it's the same people just jumping between these different projects so yeah it's hard to
are the same.
It's a lot more evergreen than a lot of content, too.
Obviously, it's appreciated.
The people from my server were visiting today, and they were just checking out the plushies and stuff, because that was the thing I put out last week, is I built this whole redemption system with...
essentially, you play the games you get the little prize tickets like you do at Chuck E. Cheese or something like that your ticket games so everything spits tickets for free, because it's the end of the season, and then you go and grab your tickets, you run over to the machine and it redeems a random plushie that pops out and they were entertained for at least a few hours doing that
so it is they appreciate it I just wish like other people would be excited about it as well because it's hard to like get into these large projects if no one cares like that's the thing I killed myself last season like really like putting together a lot of stuff with the Mega Man builds and it's like no one saw it like it
you know I don't know a lot of people in chat just saying it's luck it is so yeah keep keep scratching those lottery tickets all right uh let's see moving on let's talk about my gaming week okay well speaking of like all is old is new again oh I can't believe I'm gonna admit this but I also don't care I'm kind of at the point where I'm like I don't give a fuck you can say whatever you want about what I'm playing I have been playing World of Warcraft
because the classic version of World of Warcraft relaunched this last week.
So what I mean is World of Warcraft... It's a classic classic?
It is.
It's classic classic because...
World of Warcraft turned 20 years old, believe it or not.
That game is old.
And in celebration of that.
So I don't know if you know, but there was Classic WoW.
But now Classic WoW has progressed through different... They kept, I think, two or three servers forever on Classic.
But then they started moving servers through Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
but it's been fun like it's been especially considering you know with everything with Alan being sick and stuff I've just been kind of stuck at home I haven't really wanted to play something new or flashy like sometimes you just want to go back to good old comfort food you know like why why do I keep playing this silly game you know what because I like it it's just it tickles the brain waves I want to have tickled it's like going back to watch the same old TV show or the same old movie it's very that
Speaking of movie, I'm very sad because we had tickets to see Wicked on Wednesday night and we had to let him go because Alan couldn't go, but I feel bad he's sick.
Yeah, it sucks.
Hopefully he'll get better.
Really?
That?
I don't think I really played a lot else new in my gaming week.
It was really just that.
So I've been on just a little bit of a break from my own YouTube channel and creating videos, but I'm looking to getting back on the bandwagon this week.
Also, now I have confirmed the YouTube Shorts thing works, meaning now if you upload a video over a minute in length, but under three minutes, it automatically goes into the...
Wow Shorts thing now.
So I will be catching up on my backlog of classic shorts.
Awesome.
Oh, PodCulture says he has a handful of wow codes for Mountain Dew.
Great.
Hey, I'll take them.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate that.
Okay.
On a completely separate sort of note, I promised one of our listeners something.
Hold on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So again, this is something from Ranma.
So let's see what this is.
Oh my gosh.
I can already see.
This is funny.
This is not a DarkSakura and Loki present, I'm sorry to say.
This is very much a Rob present when you see what this is.
Sorry for the dead air silence.
How much pumpkin spice is in it?
Nope, none.
It's a Richard Simmons pop figure.
As I said, very much a Rob present.
I might have bought you one.
I know.
Thank you, Ranma.
I appreciate it.
It's adorable.
I mean, seriously.
I might have gotten you a Richard Simmons thing as well.
but I don't know if I gave it to you or not.
Loves it.
Alright.
Yeah.
Yes.
Ranma says, I know how much Richard Simmons means to you.
Yes, he was wonderful.
I'm really, that's one of the shittiest things about this year is that he's no longer with us but, you know, what can you do?
What can you do?
All right, let's move on and get into... Thank you again, Ranma.
I appreciate that.
Let's get into... The holidays have officially begun.
I've unboxed the first present.
All right, let's get into some gaming news for the week.
Again, for a holiday week, I'm surprised we actually have a bit of news.
I will also say this as a reminder.
We will not be here in two weeks.
I will be out of town on the 15th, so I won't be here.
So we'll be taking a break after next week.
All right, in the meantime,
And DarkSakura, I can hear you ruffling wrestling over there, just FYI.
Yeah, it's something I needed to grab real quick.
Yeah, you're fine.
Loki, let's get into the news.
I know this is going to come as a shock, but corporations who put out mobile games that have loot boxes in them and that make so much money, they might not necessarily follow the laws when it comes to
Thanks for watching!
in their advertisements under the current regulations.
It says, of those 45, 26 were labeled as including loot boxes, and 22 of which were actively advertised at the same time.
The given example of Monopoly Go, which is a very popular mobile game, does not correctly advertise the usage of loot boxes in its game.
So...
I'm sure that's only because the penalties for not doing so are probably very minimal.
I was going to say that where's the... Yeah, and SJ100 Matt in chat says, this is what happens when you don't hold folks accountable.
So, of course, there's my next question.
Where's the accountability then?
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Right?
So that would be the follow-up story.
What is their response?
Their response is this is an ongoing area of our work and we're closely monitoring the sector to discover the scale of compliance and act accordingly.
In other words, they don't have a handle on it.
It's too hard to regulate this.
Well, and to be fair, it is.
There are so many mobile games and mobile apps.
It is hard to regulate, yes.
But when you have the top games completely ignoring the rules, I mean, at least look at the top 100 and start making examples of some folks.
And that's how you get everybody else to go to the rules real quick.
I don't know how you can really force that with advertisers.
They basically say, although it's upheld some complaints, it takes so long to properly process all of these things.
They will go to a company and say you should comply, but then they don't comply.
So people are walking into a video game not knowing the potential risks, and it is assuming that people have even understood the risk of loot boxes to begin with.
so what is the point of this whole point is we should be calling them surprise mechanics surprise yeah yeah and uh you know a couple people in chat Hector's pointing out they're short-staffed right now everyone's short-staffed right now as Joe and Hunter Matt says they don't have the personnel to track these down or follow up on claims that involves hiring staff to do this which they aren't doing so I mean then we might as well all admit the rule is pointless
What can we do?
What can you do?
All right.
Well, let's talk about one of the biggest mobile games out there right now.
I don't know how much you have all messed around with the Pokemon trading card game pocket, but I actually have been playing.
I didn't talk about it during my gaming week, but I've actually been playing this game a lot because you get two free packs a day to open and I have it on.
I know 11 a.m.
and 11 p.m.
are when my packs come up.
and I'll open up a free pack.
I've not spent a dollar on this game and I still feel like I've gotten quite a bit out of it.
And, you know, I've done a lot of these limited battles and things you can do in it and the card collecting.
I've added a few of you from our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord as friends on the game and doing what... I've gotten some good cards from some of you people in the Wonder Trade type of thing.
Anyway, I like the way they did it.
I never thought I would get into the Pokemon trading card game.
But they did the...
The way Dina, or whoever is the studio behind this, did this game where they really made the focus, the collecting of the cards is really the focus of the game, and the actual card game itself is a scaled-down version of the Pokemon trading card game.
It's more like the sideshow.
It's not actually the main feature of the app.
I think it's a really brilliant way how they put it together.
And yeah, it's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Let's see.
I had the list here.
Oh, yes.
Jigglypuff, Onix, Greninja, Haunter, Bulbasaur, and Magnemite.
Now, before I get corrected in chat, that event just launched.
But it's still noteworthy to say that this stuff was datamined before that event started, I think yesterday, which is actually a Venusaur event.
EX card event in the game which I have a very good fire deck by the way to go up against this but the way I do everything the other awesome thing about the Pokemon trading card game is that when you go into these battles you can just set it on auto battle and you don't ever have to actually play the game you just let the computer do the whole thing for you and sometimes you win sometimes you don't but if you have a pretty good deck
you usually win more often than not and you can get some of these cards in your inventory and of course everything is on a stamina mechanic as you would expect so you can only do so many of these you know so many a day but you know as long as you go in there and you do a couple a day it's pretty easy so like I went into my game and there's the event going on and you can actually you'll notice there the bottom corner is a little switch auto off but if I turn that to on
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, yeah, and Shane's in chat saying, if only it was a Venusaur, since that would have been nicer to have a Fulard of.
Shane also points out that Magnemite, which was in the leak, actually was not in this event.
So that could be something that's coming later.
Because they did do...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I guess the point behind all of this is, this game is big enough now where people are trying to, you know, heck, of course, with Pokemon being involved there, without surprise, people are trying to datamine the app updates to figure out what are the things that are coming to the game and all that good stuff.
So, yeah.
apparently these pack points I didn't know this this article is saying that the pack points actually have an unknown expiration date so you want to spend those pack points which I haven't spent any of them I have like 600 of them I just need to pick up a bunch of cards that I don't have at some point because I think they're saying the first expansion or the next set of cards is supposed to be out in January which would make sense you do every three months or so that's about four a year that's gonna be a pretty good one so yeah
And there we go.
PodCulture.
We converted one.
PodCulture says, God damn it, I'm going to have to download this one.
There we go.
Shane, you should be proud of me.
We won one over.
All right.
Anyway.
Moving on.
Let's move on.
Talk about some more news.
Loki.
I'm sorry, DarkSakura, what do you have?
I have stuff.
So because, I guess, of reasons, I don't know what the reasons are, but Xbox is removing avatars, at least from Xbox One and the Xbox series.
Anything you have on 360 is still there.
but nah, they were around but they're going of course we know they were introduced back with the Xbox 360 there was an update for them in 2008 and Microsoft was like, oh behind them you can buy clothes and do stuff with them and run around and cause havoc
but then they just stopped supporting them bit by bit and now the support page for the avatars is gone and they said as of January 9th 2025 they will be removed from those newer consoles their avatars will not appear on profile pages and they say it's due to low engagement and the Xbox avatar editor is also going away too
Oops.
One thing, if you purchased items for your avatars on an Xbox One or the series, since November 1st, 2023, you will have those purchases refunded.
That's kind of nice, at least.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't think I've really used the avatars.
I definitely remember setting up an avatar.
And I absolutely remember I had a Taylor Swift microphone.
And I didn't have it because it was Taylor Swift.
I mean, sure, she's fine, but I'm not obsessed like a lot of people are.
From the game Band Hero.
Remember when all the Guitar Hero knockoffs came off?
There was Band Hero.
Mm-hmm.
and I had because I had a little pink strand on it and so my character would dance around with a microphone little pink strand I was like I love it so that was my like thing for forever but yeah I don't remember the last time I've seen that on the Xbox system to be honest
So it's kind of faded out of view with all these dashboard updates they've done for the Series S and X. And they don't use them in the games anymore.
At some point they were using them in the games, but again, I think that all faded away with the Xbox 360.
I haven't really seen them lately.
So, I mean, shout out to those of you still using GamerPix.
I still, to this day, have the OLR gamer pic.
I'm never going to fucking change it either.
Why would I?
I have the OLR gamer pic on my profile, as some of you do too.
I know Bobby Blackwolf has his little Blackwolf.
You can't get those gamer pics anymore, by the way.
They went away a long time ago.
Whatever deal with All Games Radio and Xbox, whatever went through at the time, that got delisted after a few years.
Some of you maybe still have gamer pics from around that time.
Anyway, Sjohn Hunter Matt in chat says, I bought a hockey jersey for my avatar, so I guess I contributed to it, though I think not enough folks bought into it to keep it alive.
I liked how certain achievements would get you clothes.
I think that's where my Taylor Swift microphone came from.
I don't think I bought it.
I think I had it from maybe singing scores and songs or something.
I don't know.
But I think it was achievement related, and that was really fun.
and was a really cool thing they were supposed to do with PlayStation Home that I think very few games leaned into.
But this whole concept of achievements going beyond just a seal on your profile, which I know I've brought this up before, but the coolest achievements there's ever been was in the Atari 2600 days on the Activision games when you would take a picture of the screen when you got above a certain score and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm sure you can make patches and get them on Etsy and things like that.
I like that whole way of really being able to show off your trophies on a shelf as opposed to just the checkmark on your profile.
Although I guess now we have PlayStation 5 records the video clips when you unlock trophies.
So I guess there's that, but that's all there is.
SG100 Matt says if you got that image of the OLR Bobby Black will show gamertag image and clip it you can upload it to your profile online oh that's gonna we have the original image it's very it's a very small very easy it's all pixel art so I'm happy to put that in the discord if anybody ever wants that Bobby will have to speak on his own logo but we can put the OLR one Loki made that actually that pixel art for OLR so I'm sure he won't mind we just give that shit away at this point so don't mind
we do have a similar one now that I think about it we have a VOG one that's similar it's like the same style but obviously it came later but it's a very very similar style so anyway and by the way my computer player won the match thank you very much Flareon, too strong anytime Flareon comes out I'm going to win that match because Flareon is fucking amazing anyway
Let's move on.
Loki, what do we have next?
All right.
So Microsoft is blaming Google for the fact that you can't buy Xbox games on its app.
I mean, it's pretty straightforward why that is the case.
So right now, of course, Android devices have to have all their apps go through the Google payment system, and they take a 30% fee from that.
However, as you may remember, you know, with the whole Epic versus...
Google Settlement or Court Case that now they're supposed to be allowed to go around that.
They don't have to use those payment systems.
However, right now, and this was shared by Sarah Bond on Blue Sky saying, I recently shared our ambition to unlock these features first with Google Play Store on Android devices in the U.S.,
While other app stores adapt to meet the consumer demand, due to a temporary administrative stay recently granted by the courts from that court case, we are currently unable to launch these features as planned.
So right now, because there's a stay on that case, it hasn't concluded yet, and so now that's why...
because otherwise they have to pay them 30% of all of the game sales they do which I don't think they want to share that.
As should they because it doesn't go through Android at all.
It makes sense if you're running a mobile app through using the Google Play stuff but
If you're buying a game on Xbox, why should they get that money?
They should not.
Yeah, I get it.
I know Pikmin Bloom, which I play a lot of the Niantic games now have their web store to try to get around the 30% cut or whatever.
And in Pikmin Bloom, you can freaking tap a link and it takes you to the web store.
And I was actually kind of surprised that that's baked right into the mobile thing.
But yeah, kind of interesting.
So, hmm.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It is a bit, yeah, it's a bit ridiculous.
Yeah, so I get it.
If anything, they should get a cut similar to what a Walmart, a Target, an Amazon gets.
Like if we want to talk about what would be, you know, take whatever the difference is between buying it at cost from the publisher and what the markup is for retail, that should be what it should look like.
And I don't know if that's what that looks like.
I'm surprised that they didn't just...
say, hey, like, because my, maybe they did, I don't know, I don't know enough details of what all the negotiations were, but, like, I would think that, obviously, like, if you think about it, I mean, surely they're going to try to get 30%, because if you're not going to fight them on it, then they'll be like, yeah, easy money.
But, like, I would think at that point when it was like, well, no, we want to give you nothing of it, like, I would have almost wondered if they're like, well, okay, how about we negotiate, like, a
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, negotiate a flat rate, you're supposed to...
and DarkSakura.
They still may have fought it, but I think that would have been a little bit easier for them to kind of come to grips with and probably would not have taken this to court, I would think.
Alright, well, an issue that will continue to be developed is cloud gaming is going to get bigger and bigger, so we'll see.
Alright, well, moving on, let's talk about what shocking, shocking development the Nintendo Switch eShop is closing.
What?
Yes, it's closing.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
just in China is still a pretty big exception.
Like China's a very big market for games.
So this is still pretty, pretty big news.
But yeah, and I don't know, Jamie, I know you said it's about the crackdown.
It seems to be, it might be, but we actually don't know.
Nobody is stating a reason for why the Nintendo eShop is closing in China, but we do know it's going to be in 2026.
So it's still a ways out, but on March 31st, 2026,
The Digital Store is no longer going to sell games, no more free trials, and none of that is available.
As of May 15th, 2026, Nintendo will stop download, code redemption, no more redeemable DLC, none of that.
All other network-related services close on May 15th, 2026.
No reason as to why.
but also kind of interesting there is a reward program that has been announced for the application WeChat which I believe is pretty big in China where you can get up to four Nintendo games from now until March 31st when this all wraps up and it includes some pretty big heavy hitters Mario Odyssey, New Super Mario Bros.
U Deluxe Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Super Mario Party so it's a lot of the big even Pokemon in here
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But only people can infer the why.
We know that the government has been putting out more rules, trying to limit spending in online games, trying to curb this perceived video game addiction in young people and so forth.
And no idea what this means when it comes to the Switch 2, since we know that's a thing that is inevitably going to get announced at the beginning of next year.
And now we can say that is a fact.
It will be announced early next year because Nintendo has said before the end of the financial year they're going to announce the console.
They've said this.
But assumably at this point, not in China.
Unless there's going to be a different thing in China or different rules.
It doesn't have the online.
I don't know.
There's still a lot to figure out what that looks like.
But that's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Don't know.
Too soon to tell.
And especially when we don't really know the reason, we're just having to infer based on these different laws we see in China.
We don't know yet.
So we'll see what happens.
But I would expect when Nintendo announces Switch 2, you're not going to hear anything about territories outside of the U.S.,
your typical European territories, and Japan.
You may hear, you know, I shouldn't say the US, I should say North America to include parts of Central and South America in the places where Nintendo has traditionally had a presence.
I just don't, I think China's probably going to be left out of the conversation there early on in those announcements.
So, we'll see.
S2100 Matt says, just wait for the Chinese knockoff consoles, aka the many Wii knockoffs.
Oh, you mean the V?
The Nontendo V?
I think there was a YouTube out there.
Somebody playing one of those.
Fun.
All right.
DarkSakura, what do you have next for us?
Well, this is some sad news.
We need a moment of silence for Humanoid Origin.
Looks like this studio is going to be shutting down.
It is a... It's only been around for three years.
It was...
And it was a LinkedIn post where basically said that there was no way to protect the employees.
They were left with little funding and they could no longer sustain operations.
and so it was really sad because they started building this whole sci-fi universe that was going to be put out on the AAA platforms out there but
They had to stop and they were hiring as of May, but something flipped and the studio wrote, I'll read the quote, we're heartbroken that we will not be able to bring our new science fiction universe to completion.
Our main concern at this time, however, is for our team and we are committed to supporting them in their transition to new employment.
Hmm.
That's very sudden with the hiring and everything.
That's very sad.
Well, I expect a lot of things shifting during a transitional period, too.
You know, and this also goes to show when, you know, we hear about layoffs in the industry, which are always, you know, hard to hear about.
Sometimes there's that, well, they'll just go off and form a new studio.
Well, that doesn't always end in success either.
Now, I think Casey Hudson left of his own, you know, accord, but I don't remember.
Was he laid off or did he leave?
I thought he left voluntarily, but...
I can guess that a lot of these people that were working here were probably picked up from other studio layoffs and so forth.
And so it's kind of a bummer that their game didn't even really get to have a chance.
But it takes a lot of money.
It takes a lot of investment to make a game, especially when you have a whole team of people behind it and you're making a pretty big game.
And so it's sad when your game's not able to get there.
Bummer.
Well, moving on.
Loki.
Alright, so of course, everybody has to leave at some point.
Whether you've been at a company for a very long time, like in this case, Shuhei Yoshida, it's time to move on from PlayStation.
So he headed up independent development at PlayStation for the past 30 years, and now is actually going to be leaving January 15th.
of next year.
And now he's not retiring.
He's going to be work.
He wants to still be working in the games industry in some capacity, but he's pretty much done.
That's so nice.
He's done all he can do.
I imagine he'll do consultant type of work from here.
Maybe, I mean, maybe some sort of new operation, but I feel like this lends itself more to consultancy and that type of thing.
Maybe on the board of another company or something.
You know what that means?
What?
The Amico's coming back, baby!
Stop.
Yeah, I mean, obviously this guy's had a long career at Sony, and, you know, after the PlayStation 3... I wouldn't say the PlayStation 3 did bad, but obviously it had a very slow start, and, you know, had that recovery, but then it was really, you know, Yoshida that kind of led into the PlayStation 4 era...
and you know you mentioned he did a lot with you know kind of the smaller studios and you know indies and stuff and I think you really saw that really weaved into in a way uh you didn't see PlayStation 2 before with the PlayStation 4 you know and how readily available you know games on the store are and are very present in things like PlayStation Plus and the giveaways and so forth you know you definitely um see Yoshida's influence there so um
Yeah obviously he he led Sony out of a difficult period into a period of much bigger successes and so um I think he leaves behind a company you know I don't know I know there's a lot of mixed things on PlayStation 5 and kind of especially when it comes to like the VR2 and some do we need to really need a PS5 Pro and some of this other stuff I'd like to kind of think that's a little more out of what he's probably directly dealing with a little more but
Hope he enjoys his semi-retirement.
I say semi-retirement because I do think he shows up somewhere else.
Whether he's consulting on a game or forms some sort of advocacy or publishing group maybe.
I don't know.
But I can see him maybe taking it to a smaller scale.
But I bet he would still be involved with helping indie games get to console.
I could see he could still have a very big career at that if he wants.
Well...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but you know a lot of League of Legends affiliated properties have been seeing success Arcane on Netflix obviously is the thing that comes to mind apparently season one of that show was incredible season two people are also loving I'm hearing season two it kind of starts slow but by the time it ends you're like fuck that was good but it's also very
I've also heard it's very much the last season, like they're not going to be doing a season three or anything else beyond this for Arcane.
But it's still really big and getting eyes on, you know, that universe, the League of Legends universe.
Well, around this same sort of time, Riot has added some new things to the terms of service that can take action against players for behavior occurring, quote, "...across various places that touch their gaming experience."
That can include penalties, suspensions, and even Riot-wide bans.
And you have until January 3rd of next year, so 2025, so you have about a month, to adjust your content to these new rules.
Now, Riot Games is not going to proactively search social media for violations, but...
Players can report cases about players badly behaving, say on a live stream where one of the games serves as the background of the content produced.
And if Riot determines that the player is violating terms of service, Riot could issue a penalty as if that behavior occurred in the game.
DarkSakura,
but the reality is when you have the banner of League of Legends behind you then what you say is reflective of the League of Legends community and if Riot doesn't want that to reflect on their game or their community they are under no obligation to let you continue to do that for free and that's the reality whether you like it or not
So behave yourselves and don't go openly cheating.
Don't go being an asshole and don't be like playing League of Legends and then say, oh, I got matched with Loki.
That guy sucks.
Let's all go into Loki's chat and tell him how much he sucks.
Like that's behavior that could get you punished as it should.
it is very reminiscent of Twitch changing this similar type of behavior you might remember during the opening ceremony at TwitchCon in Las Vegas you could get suspended or banned if you dox or swat other players even if you're not necessarily live when you do it so you're accountable for not being a shithead when you're doing things that could still represent the company that you are making money off of
There's no such thing as freedom of speech when you're using a platform that gives you terms of service.
Freedom of speech only has to deal with speaking about the government without having repercussions like jailing or fining from the government.
And on the flip side, you cannot brand your company the town hall or the bastion of free speech while you have a terms of service that actively works against that.
Just saying.
That's all.
Yep.
Hashtag deal with it.
That's right.
Well, let's go back to a simpler time before social media ruined everything.
And we're going to take a look at not the classic game of the week, but once a month, DarkSakura takes a look at the canceled game of the month.
Roll that bumper.
If I can find that bumper, roll that bumper.
Here it is.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week but as previously mentioned DarkSakura likes to once a month check out a classic cancelled game of the week so what are we going to see this week DarkSakura?
what we are seeing this week is Primal Rage 2
and yes, there have been releases of this that showed up in arcades as test units but we're going to go ahead and just take a little bit of step back on this one because for a while people thought this one was lost and gone so
Sorry, I still have that cough.
So it was a sequel to Primal Rage.
It began its development in 1996.
It was meant to be released in 1997, but it was cancelled a few months after Midway acquired Atari Games.
there has only one known cabinet to exist and it is at last check at Galloping Ghost Arcade in Brookfield, Illinois and if any of our listeners are in or near that area if you would check that out and make sure that that's still good send us a picture
So basically, the way the story for this goes is that the original characters were trapped and could not fight against each other directly.
So they have representatives amongst their human worshippers to fight.
And they have the ability to morph into their god's image.
There are new gods to make an appearance, like Slashfang, who is a
a fighter that takes the form of a dinophilus and Nekrosan, a dragon skeleton who was originally in the first game and was removed.
So they never did get featured in any finished game, but there were toys made for them.
So, the story was, it was pretty close to the events that were in the first game, and revealed that the meteorite that struck Earth, as in URTH, was an egg holding the dragon beast Necrozon.
who wanted to destroy the world.
So to protect their world, they united against Necrozan, but they were defeated and imprisoned in half-suspended animation.
And so that's when they reached out to the human avatars and then did things to fight.
However, for some reason, Atari, I guess, wanted to keep that story going.
So even after the game was canceled, they did a novel in 1997 called Primal Rage the Avatars.
It was written by John Warnholt.
I may have to read this.
So the characters were Kaze, who is an avatar of Blizzard, Tor for Armadon, Hina for Talon, Eric for Sauron, Shank for Chaos, Melissa for Vertigo, Sinjin for Diablo, Xiaoming for Slashfang, and then Necrozon.
So here we go.
There was an alpha build that was floating around the internet, but it had never been properly emulated.
It would crash every time you selected a character.
And you needed a 558 megabyte CHD image that was supposed to go with it.
And...
You couldn't really find that either.
However, in March 2017, an individual made a modded version of MAME that was called MAME for Rage 2.
The numbers are numerical numbers.
And were able to emulate it without any issues.
And it's out there.
This was done by a user named Gruntzilla94.
And so now, though the game is canceled, it still lives on in a preserved form out there for people to enjoy.
So canceled, but not really.
Because it's sort of that.
No, canceled.
Yeah, I know, I know.
It's only alpha build.
Yeah.
but apparently this emulation is fully functional yeah I was going to say it looks really good you know for it's time I mean it's a primal rage game but I thought that you know the concept behind it is neat I mean clearly people at Atari thought it was neat enough that they wrote a book about it yeah so yeah maybe we'll get a gold master series on it someday maybe they'll finish it who knows alright one can dream hey it's happened before that's true Star Fox 2
All right, your classic canceled game of the week, Primal Rage 2.
All right, and that means that's December's game, right?
So at this point, we should take a trip down memory lane and actually recap what the 12 selections were from this year for the theme, the canceled game of the month.
So the canceled game of the month, here we go.
Trip down memory lane.
January was Capcom Fighting All-Stars.
February was Thrill Kill March was Robotech Crystal Dreams April was Mega Man Universe May was Scalebound June was Penn & Teller's Smoke & Mirrors
Another one that you can mostly play through.
July was Dinosaur Planet, another dinosaur one.
That's one I'm sad about.
August was the one everybody's pissed about, StarCraft Ghost.
Yeah.
September was Propeller Arena Aviation Battle Championship.
October was Sonic Xtreme.
Last month was Sam and Max Freelance Police.
And now there you have it rounding out the year.
Primal Rage 2 for December.
You can check out the entire history of the Classic Game of the Week and cancelled games and all that.
The Wikia or Fandom now.
So it's orangeloungeradio.fandom.com is where the unofficial OLR Wiki is.
So are you ready for the honorable mentions?
Oh, sure.
Let's hear some honorable mentions.
So I did bring up Resident Evil 1.5 because that was a canceled version that eventually got remade into what we had as Resident Evil 2.
I had Saints Row Undercover, Bio Force Ape, Liquid Kids, which does have an arcade version, and Rescue.
Rescue.
So now I need an idea.
I don't know what I want to do next year.
What should I do, people?
Send in those suggestions.
Tell me now.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
We're going to get to some rapid fire news and talk about some other headlines that happened in the industry quickly.
So let's get to it.
Loki.
Alright, so No Man's Sky, after launching kind of broken and buggy, has finally now received a very positive rating on Steam.
It took a very long time for, well, eight years, to essentially get all of the negative ratings outmatched by all the positive ones.
And so they finally did it.
They pulled it off.
No one thought it could happen, but it did.
Yeah, it's a lot.
Also, we've got word now that 2K has ditched their PC launcher.
So before, if you were launching games like Bioshock, the Bioshock Trilogy, The Quarry, Marvel's Midnight Sun, you'd have to launch them through the 2K launcher.
But now, you won't have to.
You can be able to launch them straight from Steam.
And so they updated that and it is not coming back.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Oh, something that makes me happy.
So, Fantastic Nights Dreams Cotton, which I love, is coming to PS4 and Switch on November 28th due to Arcade Archive.
Unlike the $100 that I almost paid to get the PlayStation release.
Sorry, the noise full-on came through on stream.
Sorry about that.
I thought I had them muted, but for some reason they still came up.
Sorry.
Let's try to show the game.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
But anyway, it is a shooter that was released by Success in 1991 where you play Cotton and you have
Magic, bombs, and all kinds of things to destroy whatever is in your way.
And this is a, as it says, it's a faithfully reproduced classic.
So you have your adjustable game difficulty, and it is available with menus and manuals in Japanese, English, French, German, Italian, and Spanish.
It's also just kind of hard.
I mean, it's a good game.
Yeah.
Yeah, it looks like kind of a difficult shooter game, but one of those where once you memorize the pattern, I'm sure it gets a little bit easier.
Alright, let's see, what do I have for y'all?
Let's talk about, oh, some new retro games that have come out for Nintendo Switch Online.
You love to see some new games getting released, and the Game Boy Nintendo Switch Online, which I do not believe you need Pro for Game Boy.
I think you need Pro or whatever it's called, Expansion Pack, whatever the hell they call it.
I think you need that for Game Boy Advance, but for original Game Boy, you get Donkey Kong Land 2.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Vector Man, and ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron, which was the sequel to the original ToeJam & Earl.
So, cute.
All of that already has come out.
It's available for you to check out.
That is the same list, by the way, for both the US and Japan.
Japan has the same game.
Sometimes there's some minor differences, but not with that release.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games that you can...
Check out.
All right.
Let's see.
So starting off, we've got a lollipop chainsaw repop on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Animal Crossing Pocket Camp Complete on iOS and Android Anton Blast on PC and Nintendo Switch
Lorelei and the Laser Eyes on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 Warhammer 40k Darktide on PlayStation 5 Marko Ragas Rage on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 5 The Thaumaturge on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Fantasian Neo Dimension on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series
Fitness Boxing 3, Your Personal Trainer on Nintendo Switch Abyss Seeker, What Do You See Deep in the Abyss on PC Heaven Seeker, The Savior of the Cruel World on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, iOS, and Android Infinity Nikki on PC, PlayStation 5, iOS, and Android
We have Railroads Online coming out of Early Access on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Roller Coaster Tycoon Classic on Nintendo Switch Savant Ascent Remix on Nintendo Switch Stella of the End on Nintendo Switch Uncle Chop's Rocket Shop on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
Under Defeat on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Dogman Mission Impossible on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
We have Macross Shooting Insight on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Marvel Rivals on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Let's see.
Nico Derrico, The Magic World on PC, Real Heroes Firefighters HD on PlayStation 5, Shadow Tactics Blades of the Shogun, Ico's Choice on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, and that's it.
Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out the releases there.
We have quite a few releases out in Japan as well.
So let's start with, I think this one's a worldwide release, Fantasian Neo Dimension, finally coming off of the mobile devices exclusively and onto the Nintendo Switch this week in Japan as well.
It was an exclusive mobile device, I should point out.
It was Apple Arcade.
Yeah, yeah, my bad.
but I know they are doing some changes to it to make it controller friendly too because the original involved touchscreens operations if I'm not mistaken, right?
Didn't you like draw attack paths and stuff?
My brain just blanked out.
What did you just say?
Wasn't there touch mechanics in the original Fantasian?
I never played it on a mobile device, so I don't know I thought they made changes to it to make it, but I know they have made some changes to it just in regards to music mode and things like that that you usually see Oh, it was to arc your attacks, that was it, was what you were doing Okay, that's from Shane in our chatroom
All right.
Other games that are coming out in Japan this week include Under Defeat is coming out in a regular and limited edition.
Fitness Boxing 3, your personal trainer in a regular... No, just kidding.
Just a regular edition for that one.
We also have...
Hone Honezaris Cross Chogatai Build and Battle is out this week on the Switch in Japan as well.
And oh, that's like a robot dinosaur thing, of course.
We love robot dinosaur games.
Stella of the End is out in Japan this week.
And Care Bears to the Rescue.
which I had no idea there was a modern take on Care Bears but they look like the My Little Pony cartoon I don't know if that's the thing that's kind of the art style what it reminds me of um but that's cool the game actually looks cute I gotta say so this clearly was not I'm sure this game's been out here for a while but uh didn't cross my radar until I saw it on the Japanese releases so how about that on the PlayStation 5 a lot of similar releases as well
including Fantasia, Neo Dimension, Under Defeat, also out in Japan, Pacific Drive in Japan, and that's it for the PlayStation 5.
Let's go to Europe, DarkSakura.
so we have a handful of things we've got on the third we have Warhammer 40k Darktide for PS5 Lorelei and the Laser Eyes for PS4 and PS5 on the fifth we have Fitness Boxing 3 your personal trainer for Switch Delta Force Hawk Ops Open Beta for PC we have Skydance Behemoth and that's for the VR stuff Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic for Switch Infinity Nikki for PC, PS5, Android iOS
Fantasian Neo Dimension for all the aforementioned items on the 6 we have Path of Exile 2 Early Access for PC, Mac, PS5 and Xbox and then for PC on the 6 we have Marvel Rides
All right.
Well, we have just a few more stories for you, and then we'll invite your calls and other ways to participate with the show.
The best way to do that is through our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But first, we have a story from Loki.
Yeah, and another week and another set of litigious actions by Nintendo.
They are now continuing to go after some Switch pirates, mainly now following up on a case with the subreddit moderator, James Archbox Williams, who runs the
aptly named and certainly under the radar SwitchPirates subreddit.
And I'm sure that's just people that love the Switch and act like pirates, right?
Anyways, they are trying to subpoena... Welcome to SwitchPirates, where it's talk like a pirate day every day.
Arr!
They're trying to subpoena a bunch of different online provider services to see if they can identify who some of these people are that are a part of this group.
So they are subpoenaing Reddit to try to get the user data for the folks, I guess, are posting on there.
Not really sure, but...
It says, you know, apparently they had a court case with Archbox, but he never showed.
And so it's trying to evade, you know, the whole lawsuit, I guess, which is it's not going to happen.
They said that, or that apparently right now they're trying to, though, you know, access the Google Drive and Gmail data.
That was also involved with that.
I don't know if they were hosting some of these on Google Drives, like the files and stuff, but that's probably it.
And then, you know, Discord as well to try to get access to the Discord to find out, you know...
they find these other multiple other actors who appear to have a role in the pirate shops they were selling you know the pirated games or means to pirate these games
Alright, well good luck, I guess.
Go and squirt Shirt on everybody.
I guess so.
They're definitely trying to get as many people as they can.
Or they're trying to scare people off of this Reddit, too.
I mean, 200,000 people following it is quite a lot of people.
Well, that's a little, like, it's just gonna push it more underground is what it's gonna do.
Because, like, I mean, yeah, it is kind of bold to be out there, like, hey, look, we're pirating all this stuff, actively shouting to the heavens, hey, look, we're stealing all this.
Like,
If you think that you're not going to get caught, you're just actively being out there.
Those lost don't reply to you, which is usually what it is.
Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea.
Hecht and Chat suggest maybe they were just stealing light switches.
I don't think they were Zelda themed light switches or some of the other familiar names you might see on that Reddit.
I had the light switch installed so you could turn the lights on and off.
Not so you could have a light switch rave.
Can't help but think about that.
Okay, moving on to one more story.
Since we're talking about litigious Nintendo, of course, we have to talk about PAL World, which is getting a pretty big update.
Actually, this is interesting because they announced the update this week.
And my understanding is that the update did go live.
And some people that are really into the game do not like the changes this update made.
Some people suspect that this update was trying to change some of the things that Nintendo is trying to litigate.
Such as, I guess one thing is that when you spawn your not legally distinct Pokemon, when you spawn your legally distinct Pokemon, you no longer like, I guess, throw a ball.
And I don't remember, I played the game for a hot minute when it first, first came out.
And then I was like, all right, whatever, I'm done.
I moved on to the next thing.
So like you don't throw a ball or you don't choose where the legally distinct Pokemon can spawn anymore.
They always spawn next to you.
and some people are saying that that is to try to get around some sort of thing that Nintendo is suing them basically like you're throwing a Pokeball and the Pokemon comes out they're trying to get around that but people don't like that because you can't strategically place the legally distinct Pokemon anymore so interesting how this is all going down but the new update is also supposed to feature new pals is what they call them
Traitors to fight against, bosses, and a high difficulty challenge for fans of the original.
So yeah, folks not really a fan of some of these updates that have changed some of the core mechanics, but possibly, we don't know for sure, but possibly to try to change some things ahead of Nintendo coming after them in court.
uh also announced uh you know PAL World doesn't exist in a bubble we know Sony has supported them we know they're on Microsoft platforms they're just not on Nintendo platforms they're going to be having a crossover with the game Terraria which I haven't heard about this game in a while but Terraria of course is that game it's like 2D Minecraft I guess is the lazy way to describe it yeah it's like a sandbox 2D sandbox game 2D sandbox game
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
When all is said and done with the Nintendo litigation, the game's not dead.
There's still a lot going on, and clearly the game has, even though it's not the... Sorry, I don't know how to turn that off.
That is the follow alert for my personal channel.
I don't know how to turn it off.
But what was I going to say about...
That threw me off, dang it.
Oh, I was going to say, even though this isn't like the number one broadcasted game on Steam, or I'm sorry, the number one played game on Steam, like it was the week it launched, it's kind of like Pokemon Go.
It was gigantic for those first few weeks, and then it kind of fell off, but it's still there, and there's still quite a few people to play it.
That's kind of like where Power World is at, ironically.
I just compared Power World to Pokemon again.
Good job, me.
Anyway.
All right, that's it for all the slotted stories we had tonight.
But we want to encourage you all to participate with our listener roundtable.
If you'd like to give us a call, you sure can over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
You can also send us a message on Blue Sky.
We didn't have anything this week.
I was trying to promote DarkSakura's little Friday stream, and I asked a question, but nobody responded.
I guess people are out of town doing better things on Friday, so whatever.
But you can follow us on BlueSky at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Yes, your.com can be your handle on Blue Sky.
That is still a concept people are getting used to because everybody's like, where's my blue checkmark?
And it's, well, no, they did this instead.
But people don't understand yet that you can actually have your domain be your Blue Sky name.
and that is in case Blue Sky ever goes away or gets bought by a billionaire masquerading as a supervillain you could just move everything via the app protocol which is the backbone that Blue Sky is built on you move everything from that to another service and so that's why essentially like my personal is robroberts.bsky.com
Yeah, robroberts.bsky.com or whatever everybody has, right?
That's actually just like its own domain.
Just like DarkSakura has one, just like Loki has one, it's its own domain.
But if I wanted to move it to a Mr. Rob Roberts, you know, whatever I decided to buy.com of my own, or even I could even do a rob.vognetwork.com if I really wanted to.
But I also kind of noticed that like,
Since people haven't really gotten used to that concept yet, I think it's actually more advantageous to keep the generic .bsky.com, right?
Or .bsky.team, whatever it is, to keep that as the default right now.
We'll also take your emails, as always.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com.
I don't think we got any of those either, unless I'm wrong.
Nope.
I didn't think so.
So we take questions from chat, if you'd like.
We can go to DJ Ranma S who says, Can we talk about how positive people are on Blue Sky?
I was not expecting so many people commenting on my post about my interview.
And Mike Deft follows that up saying, Blue Sky is really nice.
Hopefully it stays like that for a long while.
I'm going to give you my take on this.
It's a happy place.
I'm going to tell you why this is.
That is because a lot of the people on Twitter are actually bots and foreign assets.
Um, and this is that, I think this open secret, I think a lot of people know, and I know y'all are going to be like, Rob's got the tinfoil hat on again.
No, I, I, I, I think there's a fair amount of confidence.
No, it's accurate.
That people posting on X, I guess we should call it because Twitter died.
Can we call it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The people posting on X are not quote-unquote real people.
They may be real people, but they are paid to have an agenda when they post.
Or they are AI, they are bots, they're chat GBT.
That segment has- I hate little fuckers on there too.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
community-based moderation tools are very strong and I feel like the real deal breaker for a lot of people when it came to X was the change in blocking was that once it's like you block somebody and it does nothing on X now right essentially they can't reply to you is all it is right so that's what they did over there on Blue Sky when you block somebody they they fucking vanished in the middle they you raptured them the fuck off your internet when you block them
you and that's that's both ways you can't go look at their profile anymore any bleats whatever you want to call them skeets whatever I hate that name but whatever you want to call them whatever they try to put like if somebody tries to quote tweet dunk on them and you're that will not push will not show you'll never know that person fucking vaporized in the middle of the night that's what the block button does on blue sky and so what people do they curate these lists
Here are all of the robots of Blue Sky.
Subscribe to this list and you will automatically block people as they are added to this list.
I caution people tremendously from going overboard with that because some people, you know, you have to really trust the person making that list to get it right 100% of the time.
Because again, if they get it wrong, that person will be mega blocked for you.
I think a mute list may be a safer way to not, because you can still mute people and not vaporize them, essentially, from your internet.
You won't see much from them, but you can get it back.
You can save that relationship.
And a lot of people also don't know, there is a, your blocks on Blue Sky, public.
You can go to a website called clearsky.app, put in your handle, and it'll show you exactly who blocked you.
It won't tell you why.
And the reality, I'm going to tell you that.
You're going to go, all of you on Blue Sky are going to go look, and you're going to see that somebody blocked you.
And it's probably going to frustrate you because you're going to be like, why did I get blocked?
And the reality is...
People block for the dumbest shit sometimes, and that's just a fact of life or whatever they had to do to keep their peace.
For example, I wrote a thing where I was critical of Chapel Roan's post on TikTok where she was mispronouncing the vice president's name, and I had some personal thoughts on that that I felt was not a good look for her.
And I still don't think it was, but that's neither here nor there.
Do you know how many Chapel Roan fans blocked me that day?
but I don't give a fuck like if that's gonna be a deal breaker for you I'm a pretty awesome person and if you know I offended your delicate sensibilities by just posting what was I believe to be some common sense then bye Felicia I don't care so that's my thing is that if you're gonna go look at your blocks don't get your feelings hurt when you see you've been blocked
By the way, I love Chaperone.
I love her as an artist.
I love her music.
But people on the internet don't fucking know nuance anymore.
They're not willing to see the deeper side of something, and you just have to kind of get used to that.
People are going to block you for whatever reason they feel like.
Fair miss.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's my particular... I'm like, they're missing out.
I'm pretty neat.
So...
Yeah, PodCulture says, wow, that ClearSky's, uh-oh, now I've opened a door to a lot of people.
Yeah, you can see exactly who's blocked you, what lists you're on.
It'll show you all that stuff is public.
Where can you see that?
ClearSky.app.
Is it .app or .com?
Oh, ClearSky.
ClearSky, C-L-E-A-R-S-K-Y is the name of that, and you can see all of that.
SGO100Matt says, wow, somebody actually blocked me.
Probably someone who hates my dog.
PodCulture says... That's not even loading up for me.
It's been very... Just word of caution.
It's obviously a lot of people are slamming that site with Blue Sky's explosive growth.
So it has a tendency to go up and down.
So...
yeah and there are people there you will also find there are people on blue sky that will just try to block as many people as they possibly can so you may have shown up on because somebody's just trying to block you could go to their profile and see who else they've blocked you'll probably see if they've blocked a thousand people whatever it's just you know well no one's blocked me I've blocked a bunch of people
Oh no, some people having, they're all assholes.
They're missing out.
They're missing out.
Let's see.
DJ Ranma S says, I noticed two people I can't stand have me blocked.
I'm glad.
It says something a little more explicit and then I can have my peace.
Orange Right says, nobody blocked me yet somehow.
Orange Right, you post wholesome content of old gaming ads and old video games.
How dare anyone block that?
How dare anyone block that?
I have one person and I don't know who they are but that's all right who cares they're probably somebody who just somebody who hates Minecraft somebody who whenever they see a Minecraft image comes up goes I can't stand this oh my god what's funny is that there's a someone who I actually literally have not thought about that blocked me like I'm still living rent-free in their head that's always kind of fun to see too I had somebody like that oh it's Tay by the way oh
anyway I don't know if I can say it Mike Def says if anything you should be on a retro gaming list to Orange Rite a retro gaming list so
Anyway.
All right.
Well, now I guess I've expanded everybody's minds with a new tool they can use, but it's also a good lesson.
That stuff, you know, and some people don't like that about Blue Sky and say, I should have a right to my privacy in that regard on who I block.
And that's, you know, right now, it's not the protocol that that whole thing was built on.
You have to remember, Blue Sky was not
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
where the tweets and the posts are decentralized so they live in a place where they cannot be censored.
The government cannot come in and tell people what they can and can't say because this exists in a cloud state.
It exists on a protocol and it does not belong to any one organization.
Blue Sky is simply a lens through which you're looking at app protocol.
and so there is that openness to it because it has to be highly portable in that regard so that Blue Sky ever does go down but that doesn't you know again people are just thinking like I just want a Twitter replacement why can't I have pictures and DMs I just want something that replaces Twitter because Blue Sky wasn't actually built to be that but it just turns out that now people realize wow when you take the fucking billionaires out of social media and there's no apps and
and all this control over the algorithm is in your hands.
Social media is kind of fucking awesome.
That's why Blue Sky is expanding as fast as it is right now.
Have you noticed you haven't been served any ads on Blue Sky?
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Anyway.
Yeah, OrangeRite says, I did follow a retro game starter pack and I got a bunch of follows from that.
Yeah, I'm surprised how much the starter pack thing took off.
I'm on a Gamer, G-A-Y-M-E-R starter pack.
I got a lot of new people from that.
So I'm thankful to the folks that put me on that.
Thank you.
But I was almost a little overwhelmed.
Like I'm telling you, in the scope of two days, I had hundreds of new followers because of that starter pack.
And I was just surprised that starter packs are that popular.
But I guess, you know, when you're coming over from a platform and you don't know...
for all the people that are like, I don't get engagement on Blue Sky.
No one responds to anything I write.
Well, how many people are you following and interacting with?
So starter packs do make a good place to start.
So let's say it's something like a video game.
Let's say we'll take Orange Rite's Retro Game Starter Pack.
If you want to talk about retro games on Blue Sky, here's a great place to start.
These people are highly likely to talk about retro games with you.
And that part's pretty cool.
So, anyway.
Yeah, QuestBuster says, every time I check into Blue Sky, I'm greeted with cats and food pictures, which is nice.
Yes.
And you can, there's custom algorithm.
I don't know if there's a custom algorithm for nothing but food pictures, but there definitely is one for nothing but cats.
I don't know if, you know, there's, there's another slang term for a cat that sometimes is also a slang term for a piece of anatomy.
Yeah.
I don't know if any of those pictures sneak in there, but I don't think so.
I think it's only scanning for cat, kitten, and things like that.
Yeah, don't get confused with the other word.
But yeah, the custom algorithms are huge.
And what's interesting now is that threads...
is now... Competition works, y'all.
Threads is now looking at... I think Threads implemented custom feeds and Threads is now looking at having a chronological feed be your default feed even though that is against everything Instagram and Facebook want.
But the reality is they are losing people to blue sky, hemorrhaging people to blue sky because of it.
So if they don't allow people to control your feed...
That's it.
That's it.
FifthDream says, cat pics does have a lot of furries.
I see.
Yeah, I can see how that happens.
You know, people in their cat suits and things like that.
Yep, yep.
I can see that.
I figured out who was the block mate.
It was somebody that I blocked.
It was on one of those large block lists for... No one lost.
Yeah, exactly, right?
And they probably went through their list and were like, well, fuck him and fuck him and fuck him.
Who cares?
Who cares?
Alright, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us tonight?
Yeah, I do.
So real quick, apparently Crackdown 1 and 2 are free on Xbox Live in case you never did redeem them.
Oh, I didn't know that.
That's cool.
So go redeem those now to your account if you don't have them already.
But I mean, they are pretty old because they're from the Xbox 360.
One was good.
Two was alright.
Three is not as great.
but the first one was good.
Yeah, the first couple games were great.
Love that.
Love a free game.
Anything else?
Anything else, Loki?
That's all I had.
Well, I guess with that then, we're going to wrap it up for tonight.
Not a bad, I mean, a little shorter of a show, but not that short considering it was holiday week and all.
I hope you all had a great holiday week, by the way.
I'm sorry most of you are going back to work tomorrow.
I am too, but we'll get through it together.
And we're just a few weeks away from the other holiday season.
So we'll be coming up on the new year before you know it.
so with that uh thank you as always for listening to Orange Lounge Radio and supporting us we appreciate it if you enjoyed what you heard here on Orange Lounge Radio please help us spread the word tell a friend or two uh we are the show where every gamer has a voice we need more voices to put out on air so nice five-star review on iTunes goes an awful long way Spotify, YouTube, wherever it is you found this show uh really appreciate that um and uh yeah appreciate uh all your kind words the people that join the discord and all that good stuff um
and DarkSakura.
I know you're going to be doing some streaming tonight, so I will leave it to you.
Yeah, I'm going to do Polya.
Oh, okay.
That'll be fun.
Yeah, I've decided that I'm going to limit my Dead by Daylight to just two days a week just so I can keep a few more positive and chill vibes around.
I mean, I still enjoy playing it, but I don't know.
It needs to have a little bit of a break for right now.
So I'm going to play Polya tonight, and I just want to hang around and just have people hang out and chat about stuff we talked about on the show.
Variety is good, so enjoy.
Have a good stream.
But I had to mute for a moment because I literally did laugh my ass off over living rent-free and that fucker's head.
Alright, have a good stream.
Enjoy.
I am spiteful and I love it.
I know.
Alright, have a good one.
Later, taters.
Peace.
Alright, Loki, we're gonna go to you to do your final thought.
My final thought is still gonna be working hard on Minecraft stuff this week.
And I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
Keep at it.
Keep at it.
My final thought is I can't believe it's already December and the end of the year is almost here.
And it's been a heck of an interesting year.
Lots of good stuff.
Not everything's been great, but lots of good stuff.
And here's to 2025 on the horizon.
I'll leave you with something real, a real piece of advice here.
Don't wait until New Year's Day
to do something.
If you want to make a change in your life, you want to start doing something, do it now.
Do it now.
January 1st is just today.
It's just another day.
As that song goes, since DarkSakura brought up rent, I'll say a line from the musical, which I actually don't like.
The musical rent.
But there is a quote from there that always sticks with me.
No day but today.
So make those changes you want to make today.
All right.
Have a good one, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
