Quote Sega President Shuji Utsumi regarding another Sega mini-console, I'm not going for the mini-direction.
It's not me.
I want to embrace modern games.
We are not a retro company.
I get why he said this, but that doesn't mean I'm not going to laugh the next time a Sonic, Sega, or other classic gamer collection hits the game stores.
Do remasters count as retro games?
This is the Past is Greater in Your Mind intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you one more sentence in this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again on this merry happy week, December 29th, 2024 with episode number 1029 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am here joined by my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Happy Hanukkah.
Hello, hello.
Happy Hanukkah to you.
I love the shirt your VTuber is wearing tonight saying, feed me Lakas and tell me I'm pretty.
Yep.
Yes.
Just feed me Lakas, really.
The way it comes through on OLR stream, I know yours is mirrored.
It's not on OLR, probably because of Discord integration and all that.
But I assure you that's what it says.
Yeah, I had to do some shenanigans.
Like, I'm looking at Discord right now, and it's the correct direction.
Oh, interesting.
Interesting.
I can probably flip your screen or something in Discord, but I just... Discord should be reversed.
Well, hello, Tech Master Loki.
Right, I had to reverse it coming out of my thing.
Interesting.
Whatever my thing is.
OBS.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and DarkSakura.com.
He pre-ordered that for my birthday, and we didn't think they were coming until early 2025, but it actually showed up somewhere around Thanksgiving when he was sick, then I was sick, then I went to Memphis.
So finally, we got the shelving built, and it's all set up.
And I will say, this thing is super cute, this Evercade Alpha that plays.
It has the Capcom games built into it, so it has Mega Man, Power Battle, Mega Man Power Battle 2, Striders in it, which is pretty rad.
I know that's one of Jamie's favorites, and Final Fight.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's like a console more type of thing.
I bought the Namco 1 and 2 cartridges and they don't play on the Versys because they say, oh, these are not licensed for this, which I kind of think is pretty bullshit.
And I guess they are the only cartridges in the Evercade system that don't do that.
And I do feel that's really bullshit.
And I understand it's probably out of Evercade's control.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so right now I have my Namco cartridges plugged in there and the other night I was playing Dragon Spirit although I was a little I was like oh it's not the Dragon Spirit arcade version it's the Dragon Spirit NES port which wasn't quite the same it's not bad but it's I was like oh it's a little different so yeah so that's my that's my Capcom Namco cabinet right now that's that's joining me in the office but it's I'm now officially out of room although
Jamie, you could probably appreciate this.
Do you know what Alan's talking about doing?
You know what Alan wants to do?
he wants to just get rid of the kitchen which is or the I should say the dining room not the kitchen sorry the kitchen table in the dining room um because uh we don't we know what's in my dining room right pinball machines I know that's why I'm saying you know not to add not to you know what I'm gonna say yeah now I have well he said he said if we get rid of the dining table in the day because we don't use it we're it's just the two of us we don't sit down for fancy dining
we you know if anything um we're gonna use uh you know the living room or something and so it's just this is how we are right we're that kind of family it's us and the cats so he's like if we get rid of that we can put more machines down there and I was like oh boy I was like just what we need I'm like don't tell Jamie because she'll try she'll try to store a pinball machine here
You know, we have plenty to lend out.
How would you like to hold on to a Doctor Who for a hot minute?
Oh, pod culture would find my house and burn it down.
Not with my pinball in it.
He'd take it out first.
And the cats, to be fair.
All right.
Anyway, go into our chat room because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vognetwork.com.
Right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific Again at twitch.tv slash VOG Network Bobby Blackwolf sadly not on tonight as well He kind of ran into the reverse situation that I had a couple weeks ago So he doesn't like to announce when he goes on a trip But now that he's back, he was on a trip, that's where he was last week And unfortunately he got sick after the trip
Whereas with me, I got sick and then I went on a trip.
So, you know, that's, I guess, just the VOG Network way right now.
But feel better soon, Bobby Blackwolf.
My understanding is he is doing better today.
But just the voice is kind of the last thing to recover.
And talking for an hour was not a good idea.
So I can respect that.
So we'll look forward to Bobby's return next week here at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
PodCulture says, hell no, I'd set the high score.
Oh, that would be fair revenge for speaking of Bobby Blackwolf.
That would be some fair revenge to things that I've done.
I don't think so.
There are people I really truly do not believe are going to beat some of the high scores at my house.
Well, do the high scores reset when you unplug it?
When you unplug it and plug it back in, does the high score reset?
Or is there memory that it saves to?
I think you have to manually do it.
Okay.
Okay.
So, um, well then, yeah, you probably wouldn't beat those scores unless it reset when you moved it.
Um, let's see.
Uh, Darted Sia says, if I had the funds, I'd be tempted to look into one of those at games or one up pinball machines, but we have pinball FX on the PS five of the interim, you know, speaking of Bobby and he's talked about this on his show.
And I think, I want to say he did a little video tour at some point in the past.
He has some really nice, like, multi-cade machines that he bought from a local Atlantic company that I know always shows at Southern Fried Game Expo.
And I'm sorry, of course, at the moment, I don't remember the name of the company.
Sorry.
But I do know the machines are nice.
And he has one that is like a multi-arcade machine.
And then he has another that's pinball.
And it's like virtual pinball with the table laid down.
And, you know, I understand, you know, virtual pinball is kind of its own.
But for what it is, it's very nice.
So...
I would be tempted to get one of those machines, but I actually am not sure that there's still enough room.
We have a California house, people.
It's pretty small.
A little townhouse.
Someday we'll move, and then I will have my dedicated game room and look out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
SSJ100 Matt says, where do guests eat when you have house parties when there is no tables?
Too bad, so sad.
Around here we eat with our hands like Americans.
Yeah, I was going to say, I don't, I can't, I can't think of the last time I went to a dinner party where everybody sat around the table and ate that wasn't A, Thanksgiving, which, you know, okay, that makes sense, or B, at a restaurant.
I can't think of the last time I was at a party where everybody sat down to eat like that maybe I'm just hanging with a weird crowd I don't know but I don't think so I like my peeps so that's that all right um I want to start hosting tea parties like actual tea parties that'd be fun yeah why not what kind of tea you gonna serve all the tea it'll be the hot tea hot tea the piping hot kind
S2100 Matt says, ain't no dinner party better than a home arcade party.
Yes, but no kids.
I'm sorry to say.
Well, maybe over a certain age.
You know, I'd have to vet them child by child to make sure that.
They know how to behave around arcade machines.
But that would be my one thing.
Like, you know, Loki's kids at this point are old enough.
I don't think they would wreck a machine.
But, you know, some kids don't know the difference yet.
No, they wouldn't.
They also probably wouldn't be interested.
That's fair.
That's fair, too.
Arcade Machines, that's Dad's thing, yeah.
I mean, they would probably play some, like if we had a racing cabinet or the Jurassic Park game, they'd probably play it for a little bit, but then they'd get bored pretty quick.
Although, it's hard to say.
My oldest son, yes, would probably get bored of it.
My youngest, though, he's going on these phases where he's trying to...
Questmaster by Apogee
Number one, I didn't realize Apogee was still publishing games.
Did somebody else buy the name or what's the deal there?
I don't know.
Okay, but that's cool.
But it is essentially a legally distinct Link to the Past maker.
it well you know you get those ZZT vibes a little bit but just with maybe some link to the past inspired graphics or you know that whole thing so yeah it's definitely legally distinct sort of thing but it's got a story and it's got a bunch of user made levels now and they're going to be supposedly coming out of early access this year at some point I have it installing to my Steam Deck as we speak
Um, let's see, uh, yeah, DarkTipsTV in chat says, yeah, I was going to say it looks like a Zelda maker, but not copyright infringing.
Um, on the kids and, uh, video games, uh, S200 Matt says, kids will come over and ask where the tickets are.
You know, I, I honestly would think kids would look at these games and go, these are old.
These are boring.
These are, you know, what's, this is it, you know, type of thing.
They don't have that same sentimental attachment to some of these games that...
it depends, like at the arcade they obviously will want to play ticket games because they're looking to win prizes because that's their goals, they're not there to play games they're there to see what they can win in the prize thing yeah, and that's kind of a little different but yeah, they'll play like racing games and stuff, or they'll play probably not like shooter games or anything, but they'll play games just for the fun of it it's just I think given like
they play a lot of Roblox stuff and then like I don't know they're all like kind of into their own things like my oldest son's in the Helldivers 2 like a lot he's played it a ton he's played through Red Dead Redemption 2 like several times already and you know now my oldest son's upset he was obsessed with Zelda stuff and now he's obsessed with Mario Kart now
so it's just that goes in phases but yeah and also my oldest son right now on his computer has AFK like this game called Fish on Roblox which is like some big popular thing now so he's playing that the thing I always see on Roblox is the fashion review yeah yeah there's that and now there's a ballroom simulator thing the old voguing ballroom Paris is Burning type of stuff which I think is it's no ex tango
No, it's no Xtango.
All right.
We should probably get into our kickoff topic.
Let's talk about what is going on in gaming.
We'll talk about more things that we've been playing this week in just a little bit.
But first, let's talk about what is going on in the news.
Obviously, with the holidays, it is a slower news period.
But there are some things going on, including what some sneaky Grinch is trying to do things in a week that nobody's paying attention.
Right, Loki?
Oh yes, it's total Warner Brothers coming at it.
What's Warner Brothers popular for nowadays?
Um...
We're moving things from being viewed for tax purposes, most likely.
So right now they are delisting a bunch of Cartoon Network games off of Steam and the Nintendo eShop.
So they're delisting Adventure Time, there's several Adventure Time games, OK KO Games, Steven Universe, all that stuff.
And they're also...
Removing, I guess, Samurai Jack Battle Through Time has been removed from sale as well.
Yeah, so it says no longer, they will be no longer available for sale after December 23rd.
Signed Cartoon Network Games or Adult Swim Games.
Yeah, I hate Zaslav.
Yeah, and anybody that cares about game preservation has a cry.
Like, it's just...
It shouldn't be this way where they can write these things off in the first place.
I strongly feel that sort of thing.
And I've said this before.
If you do use these things as a tax write-off, then those things belong to the public now.
You've released those things into the public domain.
That is how I strongly believe this should work.
Is that if you are going to tax write-off something like Acme vs. Coyote or whatever that movie was or Batgirl, then those things should belong to the public domain.
Then anybody should be able to broadcast those movies and...
have them because you essentially you're writing it off for public money you should have to release it in the public domain and I think it would make companies think twice about this kind of thing maybe they wouldn't give a shit I don't know but at least we wouldn't lose these games forever
because people worked hard on these.
I mean, were they the most popular games, top-selling games?
No, but someday somebody's going to want to play it.
They're going to be looking into Cartoon Network series and the different spinoffs that have come from it and want to play these games, and they will not be able to without turning to piracy, which these actions literally drive us towards.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, and then, you know, because obviously Warner Brothers really is concerned about copyright when it comes to their IP, they had an update or a promotion for a new skin for their... I don't even know what this character is.
It's one of the original characters in Multiverses.
Some weird, like, dog thing with...
Antlers, not really sure what it is, but they had a skin that made it a rain dog.
They had a skin that turned it into a unicorn, and so instead of coming up with a unique advertising campaign, they decided to just go ahead and completely rip off Charlie the Unicorn.
So not only is the skin called Charlie, but they also stole the audio from Charlie the Unicorn in their promotion video that appeared on Twitter.
So...
you know of course oddly enough funny I was watching stuff from FilmCow this week because I was like hey I wonder what's up with FilmCow completely independently of all this and funny enough Jason Steele the head of I think the sole person of FilmCow is made a comment regarding Multiverses is a game by Warner Brothers a company with an annual revenue of $40 billion here they are using my work without permission to advertise their game
and they essentially used his voice.
They said they blatantly stole the audio.
That's fucking stupid.
Whereas Warner Brothers, of course, I mean, fair is fair, right?
So if they use their audio, we can use their audio, right?
Oh, no, of course not, because they've also taken down fan works that have used stuff from that as well.
So it's kind of hypocritical.
The tweet in question with that advertising video has been deleted by Warner Brothers.
but of course the internet is the internet so they have archived it and yeah it's
It's pretty bad.
Why particularly were they trying to add Charlie the Unicorn?
My brain goes to, was it like a Robot Unicorn Attack reference?
But then if that's the case, you would do the Erasure Song or whatever.
They're probably too cheap to license again.
Or you would do something in that realm.
Because Robot Unicorn Attack was a Cartoon Network thing, right?
So therefore it is under WB, could be part of Multiverses.
So I could see if it's kind of going that way, but...
Why are they so hell-bent on stealing Charlie the Unicorn when it's not even theirs?
because they couldn't come up with anything unique they just literally pointed out a unique unicorn that is within their they could have had well they wanted to do this some artist or whatever that worked with them you know essentially did it so yeah the video has been uh like i said it has been taken down but there is it has been someone managed to grab it before it was deleted once on the internet always forever right so they had that but yeah it's it's just
it's really dumb like it's just it's completely devoid and like even the video itself is not really transformative they basically steal the audio and it's just their character kind of doing an emote and just standing there while the camera pans between three identical things it's just it's bad
Yeah, we're looking at this here live on Twitch as we're broadcasting and it looks like... I gotta say, I will give it this.
When I look at this, I don't think Charlie the Unicorn.
That kind of doesn't look like the old animation whatsoever, to be honest.
It looks like just a unicorn.
But if they're using the audio, then that's...
much different on, I wonder, yeah, I wonder what the thought process was in that.
That just looks like, honestly, that looks like a dog with a party hat.
I mean, kind of, yeah.
It looks like a dog with a party hat.
And, like, he's come out, like, Jason Steele's come out and said, like, he gave examples of other games kind of using the Charlie the Unicorn stuff for, like, you know, more fair use.
Like, there's a unicorn, I guess, in World of Warcraft that has an enchanted kidney.
You know, a dead unicorn that has an enchanted kidney or something like that.
That, you know, is obviously in reference to that.
But it's not like straight up stealing his audio.
And World of Warcraft has all sorts of like things that toe the line.
Like Harris-Pilton was a big meme that sold like a 10,000 gold bag.
And Dora Moorhead.
Yeah, there's all sorts of little...
Warcrafty things that they do that toe the line but yeah they are all they are all well within the lines of parody right so interesting um you know looking at our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network OrangeRite says the intern probably thought it was just a meme and memes are free to use for reasons uh and looks like a Rindog birthday cake yeah that's I OrangeRite I honestly think
90 Wife, 90 Kids
Yeah, like, I didn't... You know, he got some... He bought a house with what he got.
Yeah.
Well, I'm thinking success stories, too, a little more recently.
What's her name?
Jules the... Very demure.
Very mindful.
Very cutesy.
Like, you know, she...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Um, the, the, the one, the, the girl, the scary girlfriend, the one in the picture like this, this is like, oh, and she was like, yeah, like it's made my dating life, you know, like I, at some point it will come up that that was me in the picture and people think that it's legit, like that whole kind of thing.
And then it's like, does somebody like her make money off a picture like that?
I mean, maybe the occasional talk show appearance.
And if you're really smart from the get go, you print a shirt.
You print, you know, you take a saying and you get it on a shirt, which is probably what I'm assuming what Jules did with the Demir and Mindful thing, because I remember there's a whole issue with the trademark and that, right?
So she gets, I think she finally wrestled away the trademark for very Demir, very Mindful, and now, you know, makes money with that on products and all that stuff.
But some of these people that become these meme stars, they kind of belong to the internet, which is really weird.
Yeah, and I mean, you know, hey, it sucks that they can't make that money off of their meme stardom.
I mean, how else are they going to be able to do a crypto rug pull if they're not famous from these memes?
So... I feel unfortunate for them that they're unable to exploit their fans yet.
Then you have people that, like, try too hard to make the money off the memes, like Hak'tu, that whole thing, which I... I'm going to go to sleep now for, like, three weeks.
Bye-bye.
I...
You got me, bitch.
You got me.
Well, it's unfortunate that these games are being unlisted and we sit here helpless and watching it.
What can we do about it?
Pirate them, I guess, is really all we can do to keep these games alive.
Physical copies.
Yeah, physical copies and don't support games, I guess, that are always online.
You know, stuff like that.
Because, yeah, at least with the physical copies of some of these games, you'd be able to still play them.
Although nowadays, like even if you go to the store and buy a physical copy of the game, it's like, oh, here's a download code.
It's like...
Great, thanks.
Wasn't there some game sales report recently that like, if you look at PC game sales, 1% of PC game sales is over the counter.
99% is digital because of things like Steam and Epic.
But of course, when you look at PC games, I mean...
Yeah, that tracks, right?
That 1% is probably that one shelf at Target that I don't even know if it exists anymore that has like the Agatha Christie, Bejeweled 70, Nancy Drew games.
Like just this very strange hod podge of games.
Games for grandma and grandkids.
Like I...
I don't want to knock those games some people love their Nancy Drew but you know like that's the only stuff that seems to sell physical like obviously everything else is online yeah I mean I've seen that shelf it's like now a shelf at all I don't even know if that exists anymore most of it's like just even if you want a physical game it's all cards nowadays and even it's funny like if you go into the game section like I go to Target every week
Killing Time while my son's at his programming class and you look at what they've got on the shelves there's not really a lot of physical copies anywhere they don't really keep a lot of that but they do keep a lot of download cards which is another option and I mean to be honest like I was always kind of against non-physical stuff originally but I was very okay with it on PC and I mean to the most part I am still okay with that because I have a huge Steam library unfortunately just still growing by the day and
I'm just never going to play all those games.
But you know what?
It's fine because maybe I will someday.
You never know.
And it doesn't matter.
Either way, that person, that developer got paid because I thought their game was cool enough to purchase.
Whether I play it or not, yeah, I mean, that kind of sucks, but that's beyond the point.
but yeah, it's I trust those indie game developers a hundred times more than I would trust Cartoon Network or Warner Brothers games, like please like I would never trust that if I had the choice between spending $20 on an indie game or $20 on a Warner Brothers game
I'm going to buy the indie game because I know that at least that's going to work for as long as that person is physically able to support that game.
Whereas Warner Bros.
is like, oh, well, let's just get rid of it.
We'll write it off as a tax thing.
Like, I'm sorry.
This is just the...
This is essentially what a lot of this private equity stuff happens.
Like, any time you hear about a company that's just being, like, stripped of everything, Toys R Us, and just shut down because of private equities...
Party City, yeah, Private Equity.
They buy it up, strip it out, like they're selling off organs on the black market, and then they sell it off and close it down, and everybody loses their jobs and stuff like that.
And granted, Party City wasn't super popular.
I mean...
it was, it served its purpose it was the only option for like costumes year round because spirit stores aren't exactly open year round although I guess now spirit is testing a thing where it changes from Halloween to Christmas at some point and it's like they're doing like a spirit or maybe just holiday or whatever they call it like they're doing like a holiday type of store now
Interesting.
Or just sell it online.
Sell costumes online.
Why not sell those all the year?
The only other option now is Amazon.
I just hate seeing everything in the world folding into Amazon.
It's getting kind of scary.
It's kind of been scary for a little bit, but it's getting worse.
And like to see Party, yeah, Party City was some niche shit, okay?
But it was that kind of niche shit when it's like when you need it, you need it, right?
And we always had, and Jamie, you'll remember this.
We always had that place that was superior to Party City for a long time.
Do you remember Wishing Well?
yes yeah yeah that store was the fucking bomb but then that was the first to go was the independent party stores were the first to go and then Party City still kind of hung on because it was very corporate and then um now they're gone too and I feel like all right well if you're preparing for a party and you have a need for you know green party hats or something like you know like like it
Ingress stuff is always green versus blue it's very easy to find a lot of blue party shit and a lot of green party shit at Party City all the time but now it's like they did and it actually works out really well so much cosplay stuff there too so it's a bummer I'm not happy to see it but it's like one of those things like sure I can buy all that same shit on Amazon but I just don't love that it's like yet another Amazon thing
It's like the entire world is being sold through Amazon.
It's a little crazy.
Exactly, because Amazon's there to get... I mean, it's like Walmart or Target.
I mean, more so Walmart, I think.
But, like, you know, they come in.
They're huge.
They put all the independents out of business, and they raise their prices.
Same with Amazon.
Amazon, in the sense, they're going to keep selling, like, cheap knockoff Chinese crap, but they're also going to...
and DarkSakura.com.
This is the stuff that Bezos does.
I was reminded though on the party front and the costume front that at least here locally where we're based in Sacramento, we do still have Evangeline's.
And I had forgotten that they do run the costume mansion year round now.
They didn't always.
It used to be only during the Halloween season.
I love Evangeline's.
Yeah, I love Evangeline's too.
If you ever visit Sacramento in Old Town, Evangeline's is absolutely one of the top three very Sacramento things I would urge you to visit.
I think Evangeline's is fucking rad.
Um...
but I mean Evangelion is really good for costumes they don't have quite the same amount of party supplies I mean they have some but you know but um yeah at least they have that locally which is nice but not every town's gonna have something like that this is a bummer
I want to address something else you said, though, Loki, since it is a slower news week.
We have room for more tangents tonight.
I wanted to bring up, you mentioned at Target you see that the trading card stuff is kind of exploding.
You know what I think is the smartest fucking game that was released all year?
I'm not saying the best.
I'm saying the smartest game they released all year.
That Pokemon trading card pocket game.
Brilliant.
Whoever thought of that game, that is like the million dollar idea because you know what that game is?
They really put the focus, instead of like trying to recreate the Pokemon trading card experience one for one, they put all of the focus on collecting cards, showing them off.
And yeah, we have a scaled down version of the game over here too, so it's notably different from the trading card game, but kind of gets you your first taste of it.
and I can't tell you how many people I've seen on social media that have dug up their old Pokemon cards or went to the store and bought Pokemon cards for old time's sake or suddenly have a renewed interest in the Pokemon physical trading card game because of what they've done with the mobile game.
It's wild.
And yeah, I will fully admit, I play the mobile game.
I have not bought the physical cards before
But I'm not saying I would never, ever buy the physical cards.
Some of them are really cute, cool looking.
So, you know, I just think that's like the smartest thing that they've done.
S2HunterMatt in chat says, Rob talks about this just as I pull up my game to open my free pack, right?
DarkSakura says, I kind of fell off Pokemon trading card game, but then my phone has been acting weird lately, so it just might be me.
Well, hopefully your phone... You could always try a reset on your phone or something.
I don't know.
I don't want to give that kind of advice on air.
But anyway, I hope you're able to get it to work again.
But I just think that's... Because that game...
I have a hard time believing that game was not released without another agenda in mind.
And that agenda was bringing awareness to the physical trading card game.
and a lot of people love Pokemon.
It's an easy thing to get people into.
Anyway, I just want to bring that up.
Maybe that's why the trading card stuff is expanding, Loki.
It's more Pokemon cards.
But not that that's the only way.
I feel like Magic is as popular as it's ever been.
Fucking Magic the Gathering has been around since I was in high school.
That was a very long time ago at this point.
when I was talking about cards it wasn't necessarily trading cards they do have a huge section over by the cash registers for trading cards but I was talking about like the digital download codes for games but yeah no they do still I thought you were talking about the aisle by the register that has been there for a long it's still there right yeah
it's still there, yeah, they have a lot of stuff with all that, the trading card stuff and yeah, with the Pokemon trading card the digital game, at the very least there it's also something you can get into it without having to worry about people snatching up all the cards and stuff in real life, although I don't I think that's probably cooled down a bit, I haven't heard
I haven't followed the scene closely enough to and even when I hear about Pokemon from Shane or somebody else I know that's into Pokemon it's usually the trading card game is the one where it's like I love Pokemon but I don't really do the trading card game yet now that this is out it's like well okay now maybe I'm doing it a little bit
but even I've I've been playing the pocket game I because I like that the focus is just on kind of the collecting and like any battle I don't do I just don't do the player versus player battles it's very easy to not play them do I miss out on some cosmetic rewards yes do I care no and then as far as the PVE goes you can just let the you just hit auto battle and I let my little phone just sit here while auto battles while I'm doing something else and check it oh did I win did I lose okay go again or whatever I want to do it's great
Yeah, so I just, I think they really, whoever put that together, very, very smart idea.
Mike Deft in chat says, granted, the Pokemon card boom went off during pandemic times, but TCG Pocket definitely reignited it.
I mean, yeah, it's weird to think about, but the pandemic being new was five years ago.
Yeah.
It's been a while since the days of Animal Crossing and all of that.
Def says, that's cooled off, but that's also because Pokemon Company has done better in fulfilling stock and even making cards more readily available.
Oh yeah, that was that whole stuff about the museum card and all that stuff, right?
SGO100Matt says Pokemon trading card game YouTube channels do very well people have been pulling high view counts just making videos opening card packs I'm talking the actual card game not the pocket game shit you could probably make videos for the pocket game too and it would do a respectful number so yeah that doesn't surprise me at all that whole like blind pack opening thing no matter what game you're playing I feel like is always big numbers on YouTube
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Well, first of all, I have to thank my co-hosts on this series for my gifts.
Thank you, Loki, for Bomb Rush Cyberpunk.
I always say the name wrong.
Which is available on GeForce.
I can play it.
Rob, thank you for Digimon World and Rocky Horror Show and the ghost one that I never remember the name of either.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, I do have a bunch of PC games on there, but I find ways to play them.
I can't imagine the Rocky Horror Games a very heavy-duty game.
It ought to be able to run on one of those.
Well, Whiskey could run Project T with no problem.
Yeah, yeah.
It was in beta, so...
It'll load dead by daylight, but the stupid anti-cheat blocks it, so whatever it is.
But I beat Dragon Age The Veil Guard, and I'm on my second playthrough.
This playthrough is me doing most of the opposite decisions that I did from the last one, except for a few things, because there's morality things that I wouldn't vote differently.
Um...
and uh I played some Dead by Daylight working on finishing out um the all the challenges that there are to do I'm gonna play a little bit tonight since I don't have work tomorrow um
I've been playing Fruit Mountain, which I'm kind of addicted to.
It's like a 3D version of the Suica game, where you rotate this platter around and have to stack and merge fruit and stuff.
It's sort of like my mindless game, you know, my clicker.
Requires a little bit of thought, but not a lot of thought.
Um...
that's that's really really been it um we're doing a lot of downsizing in the house and um well if anyone's got a couple grand to have a couple of Final Fight games I could sell you well Mighty Final Fight and uh Final Fight Guy yeah those games are quite rare quite rare
Yes, they are.
But we've gone through and just tried to compile some things like the Atari games were kind of all over the place.
But I got a gift.
Okay, so I'm going to take a bit of a tangent aside on this one and bear with me because this is me gamifying something.
So I am in the middle of creating myself a leveling up system to level up my ballet practice.
and I'm gonna be setting like experience points for myself for doing like my stretches or for making levels and like every time I hit like a certain milestone that's gonna be you know a level with the final mastery goal is being given permission to practice on point
So, I'm setting up my Instagram to record all of this.
Sakura does dance.
And I think that it's the same thing that Nerd Fitness does.
They make a game out of your fitness goals and stuff.
And I was just thinking that I'm also going to see about trying to play games while I'm on my balance ball.
I have a Bosu ball now, like the half-tone ones you stand on.
And so I'm going to be setting up fitness-related video game challenges for myself too.
So like, play so-and-such while doing like 10 plies or something.
Look for that on its way.
I'm going to be mixing the things that I love in a very weird way.
I think gamification is so good for doing a lot of those tasks.
You know, you've heard me talk about how important Pikmin Bloom was for some of the things I was trying to accomplish.
I know there are some like apps.
I don't know if this is of any interest to you.
You might just have your own system and that's great.
But I know there's been some apps I've seen out there and I was trying to Google real quick what they were called.
And there was one coming up called Life RPG, but it keeps reading up the Google store.
And I know I saw one on iPhone.
So I don't know if it's just on both and I'm not getting it.
but like where you would set your own tasks in a XP and gold rewards another one's coming up called Habitica or something is another one that's coming up I don't I've never heard of that one so again I don't want to endorse these because I don't know them but there I've definitely seen that there was one that I had at one point I thought it was life RPG or something like that that like you set up your own tasks in it and it's so it sort of builds the graphics and the engine and sort of builds the game around whatever tasks it is you want to do
I'm looking at the live RPG one.
It looks very fascinating.
Something like that is actually kind of what I'm thinking of.
If I can make a full game out of it, then let's absolutely do it.
Great.
Loki, we'll go to you then.
Well, this week I worked more on my big ride, so I've built up Raccoon Town.
It's like a shanty town that's inside of a giant mountain cave with raccoons in it.
I kept calling it, originally I was calling it Raccoon City and people kept getting confused with Resident Evil, so I had to change it to Raccoon Town, which is fine.
But yeah, that's all done now.
Decorate the external part of the front of the roller coaster area.
And I'm doing the queue area right now, working on that.
And then I just need to hook up all the redstone and do some custom models in.
It's just taking a very long time, but there's going to be a lot of stuff done all at once.
Because I've got some other... One of our supporting cast came back to finish up one of the areas that they said they were going to work on.
And then another one expressed interest in making another ride on another side of the park.
And then my other cast member, Arrington, is finishing.
I think he finished his...
Game that's also in the parks.
Parks can become three times as big all of a sudden.
It's been a lot of work, but it looks really cool.
The vibes are there.
Aside from that, Bellaltro is still playing that.
I don't know why, but I haven't played much of the mobile version, but all of a sudden today I had a run where I'm getting three legendary jokers, which...
I don't know why I haven't gotten that in any other run yet so that's kind of interesting what necessarily triggers that but cool neat to see those yeah just been enjoying that a lot cool
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
which is certified Steam Deck Fresh or whatever.
And I played Pixel Poops also.
Now, Loki, I don't know if you know this.
I tried to play Pixel Poops number two, but I was having a hard time getting past the title screen.
I don't know if there's something weird about the deck controls or something.
I don't even know if it's something you care about at this point, but I'll have to show you or something because I wasn't able to get it to work.
And it could just be that I'm a noob, but I couldn't get it to work on the deck.
so because that was the one I was trying to play and then I just I was like all right I'll just play regular pixel poops that's fine maybe it's the emulator or something like that I think it is bubbled in there I think it is so it probably I probably need to reconfigure the controls somehow and I just couldn't figure it out but I was surprised the emulator wasn't like steam deck ready or whatever so
Um, probably not.
Yeah, it makes sense.
You may have to just remap it somehow.
Yeah, I have to look into what its controls and remap it probably is ultimately what I have to do.
But yeah, so but I think I even popped a new achievement on super multitasking.
So like when you go to my profile, you'll see I got like achievements like five years ago when it first came out and then I got a new one this week.
So there you go.
Shout out for YYR.
I still think super multitasking is
it's it's it's not getting the flowers it deserves in the gaming community it's a brilliant game and I really encourage you all to check it out super multitasking um yeah I played World of Warcraft I hit level 80 on which is the new level cap right now uh on my character and uh yeah yay me um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Super Mario Bros.
2 Challenge
I swear to god we played that one snippet of Mario 2 for like a fucking hour trying to get an S rank and we did it by the way we did it so enough perseverance will get you there so Nintendo World Championships as well um shout out for emulators because I was like I I have decided that because I'm looking at like what do I want my goal to be next year and I've decided I want to beat
35, and I'll tell you where I got that number from in a minute.
I want to beat 35 retro games and I'm using quote on stream, but on stream might be YouTube recordings because sometimes I play games late at night.
So, and I, the one thing I just, I'm not going to be able to do is set a regular schedule.
Like I can't do what Jamie does where it's like every Monday, like things in my schedule are too erratic.
So I'll kind of try to stream those things as I can, but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was like, that's one game a week.
And then I thought, you know what, that might be too many.
Because some games I want to play are like Final Fantasy 3.
Because I am going to go by Super Nintendo names and, you know, kind of the original.
So I want to play Final Fantasy 3.
And some games are going to... And I might even play Chrono Trigger.
I might.
I might.
You know, some games are going to take me longer than others.
So I didn't want to do like one game a week.
And then I was like, well, maybe I'll do 25.
And then I was like, well, 25 doesn't seem like enough.
So 35's in the middle.
Yeah.
where it gives me a little room to do some long RPGs and then I can do some platformers to sort of fill in the gaps that I can beat a lot quicker.
So that's my goal for next year, so stay tuned.
But when I was playing retros, I decided to fire up a game I used to play a lot of, which was Bust a Groove 2.
Sorry, Jamie, I know you're going to cringe because I said Bust a Groove and not Bust a Move, but...
The plan is to ultimately beat both because there's achievements for both.
So I just went with the one I knew.
But I have to say, so Buster Groove 2 is pretty easy to get running in the emulator.
Buster Groove, the original, like the timing window is way too tight in the core I was using.
So I think I either need to use like a standalone emulator or I'm using the wrong core because I think I switched the core to...
one of the other ones and it worked a lot better but I still felt the timing would at least I was able to get past like a stage but I had such a hard time getting through uh the game uh but whereas Buster Groove 2 like it just it's like memory it just comes back and I was able to get all the way through Robo Z Gold in one sitting very easy so I was like all right I can do this so anyway that was fun um
Pagelin Rogue-like Pagel
so you are fighting monsters in a dungeon but the whole battle mechanic runs off of Peggle basically or Plinko.
Which game was that again?
Peglin, P-E-G-L-I-N and so yeah and the different pegs like you get like at the end of levels it's like this peg is going to make things worth double or the orange peg will split the ball into two and do these things so it's like you're buying different peg power-ups which
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DungeonCrawler DungeonClawler
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then another random game I started playing thanks to Steam Deck this was actually bought for me by a listener a few months ago so thank you very much and I apologize it took me this long to really get into the game but I saw it came out of early access and now that I have the Steam Deck I was like oh I should go revisit this and it's a game called Dwarven Realms the best way I could describe this game is it's Diablo mixed with vampire survivors
so it kind of like has that Diablo look and feel to it in the interface but then like when you're actually going in the levels you kind of are doing like this auto sword swiping thing and you're kind of doing the funky dances around the enemies to kind of get them and then you get the power-ups where it's like oh it creates a lightning pull as you move or dragons come in and breathe fire you know these type of things which is very much like what Vampire Survivors kind of does so I was like oh this is really addicting
and so even though it wasn't certified for Steam Deck because I guess it has small text and so it's not certified for Steam Deck it plays very well on Steam Deck so I was playing quite a bit of that game and so yeah that was a fun one to visit as well so I've been very busy this week playing games I didn't just play Final Fantasy XIV please clap
yes and now I have more now I have more games to play I still want to play more Hades 2 which you know DarkSakura picked up the the full early access version for me and this uh this Zelda game or not Zelda game excuse me not Zelda game that Loki bought me looks very cool so I want to check that out as well especially if Loki builds any levels for it oh yeah I'll look at that I'm sure they're ridiculous
all right um oh I love that in chat uh Fifth Dream says Dungeon Claw is great as Joe and Hunter Matt says adding these to my wish list someone owes Rob money shit we need like an epic game store code or something I oh well anyway but I did get these on Steam just don't go through honey check out oh god did did you see the video I posted about that no I didn't hear about this what happened
So, Honey, basically, a lot of the people who have been peddling it like influencers are actually losing money.
Oh, I did see the video.
I just didn't, I was distracted and didn't actually watch it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, yeah, well, the thing is, is that it's replacing their referral codes with their own no matter what.
and DarkSakura.com
and yeah I posted the video on my blue sky a few days ago and this person really goes into detail about it and it's pretty pretty insidious so um I I have never I I looked at it once and never installed it thank god because I knew it felt like a scam and I'm gratified to know that I was right so um
Yeah, don't use it.
Uninstall it.
Don't just disable it.
Uninstall it.
And it's so funny, if you go in and you view your page source, like if you've got a developer mode, you can actually see it actively change the referral address.
It's pretty nasty.
So yeah, just look for discounts yourself, put a little bit of extra work into it, and don't put any more money in their pocket.
I just re-blooped it on the Orange Lounge Radio Blue Sky over at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I went and dug up your post and re-blooped it.
So I get re-skieded.
Sorry, I think that's really good.
I'm not ever using that term.
I am not 12, okay?
Like, some adult jokes are funny.
That one is just lazy.
So I reposted it or whatever you want to call it.
We need a... I liked... Somebody called it bleat.
I like bleat.
Why can't we call them bleats?
And then it makes me think of Dead by Daylight because we always called the blight the bleat or the blort.
So I just like bleat.
So re-bleat.
I re-bleated on the orangewatchradio.com blues guy.
Well, I decided to go with, by the way, with Habitica.
Oh, there you go, DarkSakura.
Orange, right?
Just uninstalled it myself long overdue.
Good for you.
You got one.
Yeah.
This is... So I've put it on myself to do 15 minutes of bar and 10 minutes of cleaning up crap.
And then, like, I'm putting some stuff on here that... It's also got this cute little pixel girl and everything, so... I think I'm into this one.
Wait, is this the live RPG?
No, live RPG ended up being something different.
Oh.
I'm using the Habitica.
Okay, Habitica.
Okay.
Nice!
Yeah, let me make sure...
Yeah, Gamified Task Manager.
If that works out well for you, I want to check back in with you next week and see how you liked it because I might want to use it too.
Okay.
I'm going to wait for the DarkSakura endorsement.
Washing the dishes on here?
No, thank you.
It's giving me dailies to do and I'm going to be doing different dailies.
That's fair.
Alright, we got through everybody's gaming week.
Sorry, mine was long, but hey, I played a lot of games.
Yay, good job me.
Alright, let's go to some headlines.
We do have some headlines this week.
There's a few things in the news.
Maybe these aren't very meaty stories we might get into in other weeks, but we will take what we can get.
There's a few things here.
Again, a lot of these things this week, homemade, mod community, fan community type affair.
Everyone's taking the time off right now.
Everyone's working overtime, but this is great.
We get things like this, Loki, right?
Um...
That's pretty awesome looking.
They have a video demonstrating it on an ultra-wide monitor running Star Fox 64's intro, which is pretty cool.
Neat.
I mean, I'd be curious about multiplayer support because I used to love playing the dogfights that they used to have in that game.
That was a lot of fun.
Yeah, I definitely want to check this out.
This sounds really cool.
So yeah, I think it's so cool to take such an older game and really open it up for a modern sort of setup.
I think that's so cool.
Yeah, it's nice.
It's also good for like preservation as well, because then you can still be able to play it on like modern hardware and everything.
Yeah, there's a... It's probably also great for the Steam Deck.
Honestly, yeah.
I mean, you have to have, you know, because they obviously are not going to distribute the Star Fox 64 ROM.
And I think as sort of a Nintendo legal team protection system,
They make it very clear in their website and a lot of documentation.
You need to have your own copy of the game.
This will not work without your own copy of the game.
And they don't really get into reasons why.
I mean, because all you really need is the ROM, right?
Yeah, the ROM does the conversion.
For legal reasons, they are wording it the way they're wording it.
Yeah.
Interesting.
OrangeRite in chat points out, my first 120 star run in Mario 64 was on one of the unofficial ports on the Vita.
S2100Matt sends a YouTube.
This looks pretty cool.
It's a side-by-side comparison.
Oh, holy crap.
I hadn't really seen this.
I'll bring this up for those that are watching live tonight over at VOG Network.
but for those that are listening on the podcast feed you can definitely see it like what the thing that jumps out to me is the frame rate yeah the frame rate on this PC version is impressive I mean yes it's got the widescreen you know element to it which is you know also impressive that you kind of see more of the level than you would on the Nintendo 64 version but like this yeah just the frame rate alone it just that's what I'm saying like that so that's what's so frustrating about this it's like
Nintendo could do this.
You literally probably could just use their executable that they've already created.
You could do this yourself and put it on the Switch and call it the enhanced version or something like that and people would be eating this crap up.
You could just do that with your whole Nintendo 64 library or whatever.
This is where their legal team kind of shoots themselves in the foot because, and I...
I understand why companies do this, but it's also very frustrating because this exists.
Somebody on the Nintendo legal team is going to say we cannot release this because it already exists out there.
And there's a liability for Nintendo that this organization says you took our files and sues us for what we did.
That hasn't stopped them in the past.
They've used emulators from third parties as well.
I know, and don't get me wrong.
You and I are actually on the same page.
I'm just saying, this is what the discussion is that happens in Nintendo's legal camp.
Why it's so frustrating that when you see these fans innovating in ways that Nintendo ought to be innovating, it's why Nintendo doesn't do it.
is because then the legal team goes, yeah.
QuestBuster in chat says, Bloodborne has entered the chat.
Oh, yeah, that Bloodborne cart thing, right?
Well, they ended up releasing that, but as they called it something else.
I mean, but that one, see, that's the perfect example.
So like Nintendo, what they would probably do is say...
God, this looks so good.
Yeah, why can't they just make this StarKitty64?
Change the fox into a kitty.
Sorry to all the StarFox fans and palco, just make it StarKitty.
No, you say that.
I actually have a game that is very much like StarFox that's basically kind of like...
I don't even remember what it's called now President Cat in Space yes Space Cat Star Fox would be President Cat in Space absolutely yeah I don't remember what it's called now let's see I'm trying to remember what it's called uh
I don't know, I'll figure it out and I'll let you know.
But like, yeah, there's an indie game that's like Star Fox.
Oh, it's X Zodiac.
So EX Zodiac is, it's essentially Star Fox.
Deft beats you to it in chat, so gold star for Deft.
Yeah, I backed that on Kickstarter a long time ago and I have it in my library as well.
But it looks awesome.
Let's see other comments and chats.
Def says, there's one in development right now more akin to Star Fox 64, but I forget the name.
DarkTutsia says, do we need to update the Dream Games folder?
Maybe.
I think we have a bleat on that later.
So hold that thought.
All right.
Anyway.
for now let's move on to our next story which has to do with Indiana Jones and the Great Circle one of those games I've kind of missed amongst all the holiday stuff that's been going on and I sort of regret it because apparently this game is apparently really good I think Tara was playing it but I haven't seen what they thought of it
Well, mostly it's been getting, I don't know what they thought specifically, but mostly, most critics are really favorable on this.
And I think I mentioned last week, many critics are saying it's pretty much a better Indiana Jones experience than the last two movies, which is a pretty good compliment there that gaming's getting it right when Hollywood is not.
And if rumors are to be believed, this is a rumor, but it's, you ready?
Just for the holidays, I find this rumor to be plausible.
because it's coming from a Windows Central journalist and leaker named Jez Corden who said that they've heard that Disney picked up the phone and wants more Indiana Jones.
And this was on an episode of the Xbox Two podcast.
That's kind of a funny name.
Not long after the launch of the game.
We don't know exactly how many copies of the game this has moved, but it does believe like through other types of tracking that
It seems like this game was the second best-selling full release in North America, its week of release, trailing just Call of Duty Black Ops 6, which to be fair at this point is another Microsoft game.
So for Microsoft to be holding the first two spots with different genres of games is a pretty fucking good place to be for them.
So I'm sure they're happy.
And, you know, again, if the...
Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney
Money, money, money for the likeness and all that.
But it's Troy Baker that does the voice in the game.
And Harrison Ford has given props to the game and Troy Baker's great performance as Indiana Jones.
So that's quite the endorsement there.
So like, Indiana Jones has a future in video games that I'm not sure it has in movies.
And that's...
I just... It's just such an interesting thing to be saying.
I mean, is that, you know, especially for all the talk all these years of really bad movie ports into games, I think we all know that...
Video games as an art form are fully capable of experiences sometimes even beyond those what movies can provide.
Like the Final Fantasy series.
I'm sure somebody would love to turn some of those Final Fantasy games into a movie.
Is it going to hit the same way?
I doubt it.
It'll happen someday.
Somebody's going to turn Final Fantasy VII into a movie someday.
Besides Avenger, I mean literally the plot of VII.
You mean Spirits Within?
Yes.
Yes.
That was different though.
The reason why Spirits Within didn't work is because it wasn't a game.
Spirits Within should have been a game, not a movie.
I mean, technically there was the anime for 5, but yeah, that one was alright.
Yeah.
so yeah I think so Questmaster says Great Circle is amazing probably my favorite one right now Tiger Claw says they can make a lot of these games if they stick to the era between the 30s and 40s they can tell all kinds of stories just pick a year look
So...
SS2100 Matt says Troy Baker is going to get a pay bump next game that's for sure who else can they find that's officially endorsed by Harrison Ford it is how do I say this without sounding mean I'm very happy for Troy Baker and I think it's great that he's doing such a good job I do find it
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Who else?
Okay, Indiana Jones is spoken for.
But, you know, if other Hollywood studios start to look to how do we make an Indiana Jones and the Great Circle out of our dead movie franchise, which will happen.
It will happen.
Yeah, yeah.
I think they are and I think they are like it's on the table that a mummy that a mummy another mummy reboot is coming but like that that's actually pop culture that's a great call out like the universal villain like that would actually make for a great gaming series I think if they could just find the right partner and the right creative version with a vision with that
but um with Nosferatu being successful like Nosferatu did pretty well at the box office this weekend if I'm not mistaken I've heard a lot of people speaking pretty good on that movie so I'm assuming with that doing well um there there may still be talk about classic horror icons coming to the screen still um so we'll see um
But also, it's been very interesting to watch the Sonic... Because the media, the Hollywood media is framing it all as a Sonic versus the Lion King debate.
And I guess some days, Sonic is winning.
Some days, the Lion King is winning.
They're kind of running neck and neck.
But as we know, last weekend, Sonic ended up being better at the box.
And apparently, the third Sonic movie, critically, is the best one.
And it's like...
What's happening?
Isn't this weird?
And just like, why does it matter?
I mean, maybe from a financial standpoint, but just let people like what they like and not make a contest out of it.
No, for sure, for sure.
But it's, you know, industry, money, investing, all that garbage, blah, blah, blah.
But now that I'm sitting here saying this part out loud, I'm realizing here I am talking about Hollywood franchises finding success in video games and now video games finding huge success in Hollywood.
2025 hasn't even started yet.
It's wild.
SG100 Matt in chat says, I think we can all agree.
If there are always up and coming voice actors, then they can always find someone for a role and never a reason to go with AI voices.
100%.
110%.
Never AI voices.
Never.
Unless...
Your very niche, very niche circumstance where the actor of an iconic role has given express permission for it to happen, such as James Earl Jones and Vader.
Even though I'm going to say I still kind of don't like the idea.
I really don't.
I just think you find somebody new to do it.
But if that's James Earl Jones's wishes, he created the character.
Essentially, he created the iconic of the character.
I guess that is his wish.
So.
Yes, S200 Matt says, Sonic has had quite the redemption arc since the creepy Sonic.
Yeah, and Tiger Class says this is what happens when the studios listen to the fans.
Absolutely.
And yep, Sonic 4 is scheduled to release spring 2027.
The fact a Sonic 4 movie is coming.
Least surprising news of the year.
Of course it's coming.
When you're talking about Sonic competing with a Lion King movie, of course the Sonic 4 is coming.
I mean, yes, I know there's plenty of... They already said there is.
There's teases and shit, of course, but of course the Sonic 4 is coming.
Well, they already said it is.
They already greenlit.
Yeah.
There's that.
You know what else they apparently fucking greenlit, which we don't fucking need?
An American Version of Squid Game by David Fincher.
Why?
Fucking A. Why?
You don't need to just do Squid Game with American actors.
Which is Squid Game now, Netflix.
We live in a world that has subtitles.
And if you must, if you must, you can do dubs.
If you must.
But Squid Game already exists.
Why do we need an American version of Squid Game?
We don't.
We have that fucking reality show.
The Squid Game, the game.
What the fuck was that thing called?
Squid Game, but it's real, but it's not because you're not getting shot, but you have paint packs.
That whole thing.
That's the American version of Squid Game.
I can't think of anything.
Squid Game or something?
I'm just so sick of Squid Game.
That's the copy.
He's not doing a Squid Game thing.
It's more of like a big team effort type of game.
So.
No, no, no.
I know that MrBeast has his own game, but MrBeast also did a Squid Game thing better than Netflix.
Oh, he did a YouTube.
He did do a YouTube.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, like, he did that as well.
It's just, it's like, it's like, I get it that, like, Stranger Things is big, and Squid Game is big, but my god, dude, don't go all in on one thing.
Like, your network is not just that one thing.
Like, just calm it down.
Like, why make a YouTube
What purpose could you possibly want an English version of Squid Game?
It's just going to lose.
It's going to be not good.
I don't know.
Here's the thing.
Whatever.
But I'm about to be totally hypocritical, and I don't care.
Because whereas I do not support this, what I will continue to support, because somehow I have fallen down this rabbit hole on TikTok, I will support international versions of the Golden Girls so I can hear the international theme songs.
Yes.
or it's the quote unquote normal theme song being sung in another language which I think was the Finnish Danish version of the show is the same song in a different language but I've fallen down this hole on TikTok where now it shows me like here's the Russian version of the Golden Girls here's the Turkish version of the Golden Girls and I'm like this is fun we should adapt the Golden Girls in every country so that I will support but that's different
A sitcom is also kind of a lot different in many ways.
I think a sitcom, especially because there's a lot of nuances and humor and things like that, I feel like a sitcom, there's more reasons to port something like that.
All right.
Anyway, Mike Def says, I'm surprised there's not a Mexican version of the Golden Girls, all things considered.
There's not?
What?
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
well
there is an amazing little game called Night Slashers and there is going to be a soundtrack and physical edition released this is going to be you can get the physical edition with the soundtrack on February 20th, 2025 we have a PS4, PS5 and Switch version for Night Slashers Remake and yeah hopefully folks will like it
Hooray for remakes of games that kind of need them.
The music is pretty good.
I'm listening to just some from the remake and it's actually really good.
Yeah, go get it.
When it's out, that is.
Alright, Loki, we'll go back to you.
Alright, so we've got a little bit talking about some... This kind of goes back to that whole thing we were just talking about with Indiana Jones.
Like,
Company sees money, wants more money.
And so now we have PlayStation saying, hey, you know what?
Let's take some of those old IPs we have and make more money with them.
That's crazy because we saw that Astro Bot, you know, had like
things were popular with that with the little different IP references in that game but yeah, our extensive IP portfolio is an important asset of PlayStation and an important thing so that they don't lose the trademark on it probably as well so of course they're going to try to leverage that to make more games off of older IP
because, you know, we got to make more Squid Game and we got to make more... No, Intelligent Cube too.
Intelligent Cube.
Yes.
Intelligent Hypercube.
You know what?
When I think of dormant PlayStation legacy IP that needs to fucking come back, Parappa the Rappa and Unjamalami and their team-up adventure.
Although, spoiler alert, Parappa the Rappa's in Unjamalami when you get to a certain point.
But I digress.
We need the team-up adventure between Parappa the Rappa and Unjamalami.
And maybe they have a third friend.
that's like country music or R&B or something, like a different genre, like something.
Polka.
Polka!
Yes!
You have a klezmer band player.
With their clarinet.
Yes.
And their name is Minuet Clarinet.
Oh, there you go.
Hey, there you go.
It writes itself.
Parappa the Rappa, Um Jamma Lammy, and their new friend Tommy the Tuba Player.
Yeah.
or Trombone.
Get the Trombone Hero crossover.
The ideas just write themselves, y'all.
Ideas write themselves.
Alright.
I still like Minuet the Clarinet.
I do.
As a former clarinet player, it has a soft space in my heart.
I played clarinet.
I played a big clarinet.
I know you played the big.
I played that for maybe like a month.
That's it, we have Contra Alto Clarinet Hero.
All right, let's talk about Bellatro.
Bellatro, because thanks to a lot of the recent exposure it's been getting between game awards, you know, just kind of the resurgence of the games.
And I don't know what the fuck this thing came across my feed.
What the fuck is this new commercial with Ben Star in it?
Is that like a legit commercial or is that just some type of parody that came up?
I don't know.
Oh, it's so fucking funny that came up.
Wait, is it on YouTube somewhere?
I have to show these to folks.
I've only seen the one that they did before that about the new card packs, but I don't know the Ben Star one.
Oh, it's the Friends of Jimbo pack.
Was this something that was during the Game Awards?
Yeah, there's a Friends of Jimbo thing.
I remember that.
Was that Ben Star doing that?
Isn't it?
I don't know.
I'm going to show this again.
So we've got the whole...
I swear that's Ben Starr.
Because it's the whole voice and everything.
Oh, I saw that, but I didn't know that it was Ben Starr.
If it's not, this is very embarrassing.
Okay, SGO100Matt says it is Ben Starr.
Thank you.
Because I was like, this is going to be very embarrassing if I'm wrong.
But I thought it was him for sure.
So... Anyway, that just... Oh yeah, okay, so the comments are confirming it's Ben Starr.
Phew.
I'm glad to see he's getting work.
He's going to be in that parthenon of voice actors that are consistently getting work, but good for him.
He's so great at what he does.
But yeah, the...
The commercial with Ben Stars out there for the new expansion, all that stuff.
So Bellatro has reached a new concurrent player peak.
37,000 was the peak when it was out earlier in the year, but now it's up to 38,000.
Also, I'm sure Steam sale helped with that.
I'm sure it did too.
And then Local Thunk is the game's creator who has celebrated the news on social media saying, Thanks to a crazy December with the Game Awards, two Steam sales, Christmas, and a Markiplier video, we surpassed our all-time concurrent player peak on Steam.
The previous peak was around the launch in February.
So that's pretty cool.
I guess there was a Mark Plyer video and that guy still gets a ton of views.
2.5 million views for a game called My New Crippling Addiction.
So all of that played into it.
And yeah, this game is red hot.
That being said, I'm going to have to give it another try.
It didn't land with me.
It's fun.
I love it.
I didn't think it was bad.
I was just like, I don't know if I get the hype.
But I'm going to give it another try.
You know what other game didn't land for me the first time?
Mass Effect.
And then look what fucking happened.
Sometimes I just have to try it.
And maybe having the Steam Deck, except I have Bellator on PS5, but maybe having the Steam Deck will somehow change my mind.
Yeah, I've played it, like, mobile and stuff.
I would say, like, it depends.
Like, at first, it may not be that exciting.
I just do, like, a run or so every so often.
Yeah.
And sometimes you have, you know, certain runs can be pretty exciting, certain runs are not.
But each run you do, you unlock more things to make more runs exciting later on type of stuff.
Yeah.
Mike Def says we're ready to lose Rob in the following week.
Oh, did I say I was going to beat 35 retro games?
I meant I was going to play Bellatro for 35 weeks.
That's actually what I meant.
All right.
Moving on, DarkSakura.
Well, Sega has put their foot down.
Utsumi Ishuji, who is the Sega president, said that they're not going to be doing any more Sega mini consoles.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, not happening.
In fact, this quote says, I'm not going for the mini direction.
It's not me.
I want to embrace modern gamers.
We are not a retro company.
We really appreciate our legacy.
We value it.
But at the same time, we want to deliver something new.
Otherwise, we'll become history.
And that's not what we're aiming for.
That's what they said Rest R.I.P.
and peace The Genesis Mini I did hear They must not like money Well, I heard that at CES They're supposed to have a partnership coming with MyArcade That makes these little The baby cabs you see in the shelving I have a bunch of them Yeah, I know you have some too Apparently Sega is going to do some of those It's just like their dedicated mini Everybody's sitting here going Dreamcast Mini Mini when?
No, no, no, no, no.
Not Dreamcast Mini.
We need more of the candy cabs.
Remember how they did those?
Because they had the Astro City that had Sega games on it too, like Virtua Fighter and all that stuff.
That's what we need more of.
We need to get quarter-sized, well, I mean, I don't know what a quarter-sized Astro City cab would look like.
It would be even smaller.
And you know what?
I can just hook up my Saturn.
I know Or I have a 32X I have a CDX I can just hook this stuff up The mini arcades are fun I wish they'd release Nevercade this side What room do I have for any more of those?
Honestly enough You can hang them from the roof I have a very tall ceiling
I don't know, I'm just like they're cool I like the little collectibles but I get it all they have to do is make sure they have a decent emulator built into the system they'll play the games as close as natively as possible and boom, there you go and PodCulture you can buy broken Saturns that have functional optical drives replacing them is not that hard
And DT says, yeah, there's a cart you can get to.
There's like a ROM loader one.
I just, you know, I like the originals.
I will say that even though my office, what you see on camera, is full for the space of the arcade games, they're off screen.
You don't see it, but there's a walk-in closet over here that I would be able to clean up pretty easy.
And the walk-in closet I don't think could fit the...
The Burger Time, it's just a little too tall, or the Tron.
But what it could fit are these little baby machines on shelves.
And so if I do end up picking up a couple more candy cabs or little baby machines, I probably will start to quote-unquote build out the walk-in closet with some of those.
So there is still space for little things to grow, just not any more big machines.
But I guess I could always flip it.
I could fit one more big machine here and move these guys in the closet.
That's...
maybe because um Alan and I keep looking at a Mortal Kombat 2 cab that has internet connectivity and it has all the old like Williams games like joust and shit in it and I'm like oh if I had to get a machine right now that's the one I'd get but then we also need to be responsible and buy other things than our arcade machines so
I wish they had like one of the arcade one-ups that was all the midway driving games like Arctic Thunder, Hydro Thunder, you know, San Francisco Rush.
Oh, hell yeah.
All that stuff.
I guess Russell 2049.
I don't really play the new ones, but yeah, that would be cool.
Oh, PodCulture says, I have that cab.
It has Tapper too.
Yeah, it looks like a solid cab and it keeps going on sale.
It's very tempting, but you know.
We need to look at big boy purchases as well and not just more arcade machines.
The little baby will hold me over for another year.
Alright, moving on.
We just have a couple more stories for you and then we'll get to the classic game of the week, Loki.
Yeah, so there was... I don't know how this stuff got out.
I saw one story that it got leaked and then now it's up on Internet Archive, but apparently an old...
They say E3 2K build and Halo 1 Spear Test, which was the early, early, early, early version of Halo that was the game before it was a first person shooter.
So it was a third person shooter is now available to play.
You can actually get the E3, the 2003 E3 demo
through the internet archive.
They have it hosted there to check out.
I swear I saw that there was more stuff that leaked out about it.
I don't know if it was a hack or a leak or something like that, but there was a bunch of code and source material that was available that was from all of this stuff.
But I know this was one of the things that did come out of it that was kind of neat to check out.
So...
you're interested they've got it to check out it does look certainly different I love to see like these like conceptually like here's what it was before and you know that that whole type of thing I think that's really cool it's it's nice yeah to have this news coming out when you have the negative news of you know the Cartoon Network games vanishing into you know space at this point it's just yeah
Yeah.
Well, along those same lines, the last story I have for us tonight has to do with the website Hidden Palace, which, you know, kind of finds a lot of old ROMs or things in development and looks a lot a lot of things like that have changed or what have you.
So apparently there was a bunch of Nintendo prototypes that were found.
They were acquired by the guy that runs SideQuest Games and is apparently one of the organizers of the Portland Retro Gaming Expo, which I'd love to get to next year if I'm able to, by the way.
I've always wanted to go up there for that.
One of these days I'll get there.
Apparently the prototypes were graded and then released.
So now there are all sorts of prototypes that are available at HiddenPalace.org, including 1943, the Battle of Midway.
There's an Addams Family prototype.
There's too many here for me to list, but just some that jump out at me.
Bionic Commando has a prototype.
Fester's Quest prototype.
Gun.Smoke prototype.
um Mickey's Ultimate Challenge, Shadowrun, Solomon's Key um apparently some Genesis prototypes were also uh released as well Beyond Zero Tolerance and Dominus uh and uh also some other prototypes Rygar, Legendary Wings uh and then even more so like there's just a ton of stuff that showed up
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
there's an earlier copyright date so it shows copyright 1986 and the publisher is credited to Romstar as opposed to Capcom so that's kind of interesting so but that's otherwise it doesn't sound like a whole lot is really really different with the game but still it's neat to see these things like as frozen in a particular part of time so all right well speaking of things frozen in time once a week here on this show we'd like to take a trip down memory lane so let's get to it
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Alright, and I think DarkSakura's been waiting to talk about this one for a while.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
It is Dragon Age Inquisition.
Now 10 years old as of December.
So, um, yeah.
One of my favorite games.
I would say of the modern era.
What?
I said 10 years old.
Alright, alright, alright.
So, at any rate, it did come out in 2014, technically November 2014, and developed by BioWare, published by Electronic Arts, and the third major game in the Dragon Age franchise.
You play as a character called the Inquisitor, eventually called the Inquisitor,
um who gets caught up in the middle of um events coming right after Dragon Age 2 um spoilers the Chantry gets blown up there's fights between Templars and mages and kind of have to know the universe to know what that's all about and at this big conclave where they're supposed to be working out their shit um
um someone blows a hole in the sky and the inquisitor has the one means of closing it by a i guess a power surge on their hand um and i'm not going to go too far into it it's a involved game it gave us there's some very interesting fun behind the scenes facts like about uh iron bull's dick did you know about that all righty
I've been to those horny parts of the internet and then I ran away screaming Usually a lot of the male characters in there are rendered, you know, Ken doll style They rendered his junk And then when it finally caught that they rendered his junk They replaced it with a big black box And you can see that when you fly cam
There.
There's Dragon Age stuff for you.
Lovely.
Tidbits.
Bits.
But anyway, Dragon Age 2 kind of got, well, people fussed at it because they were reusing assets and it was set in one place and it didn't have a lot of the complexity that Origins did.
Although the biggest improvement that that game made is having your character freaking talk.
that's what annoyed it's kind of what annoys me in Baldur's Gate as well is not being able to like really experience the personality of your character but at any rate though a lot of that was taken into account when the game was being designed so it is an action roleplay game but
EA wanted firstly for the game to be developed in one of their own in-house engines, the Eclipse game engine, but it wouldn't have worked for an open world.
So they used Frostbite 3 that had been used before for Battlefield, the Battlefield games.
and so they started working making multiplayer Dragon Age product called Blackfoot and then doing a bunch of work in it which led to them cancelling the Exalted March DLC intended for Dragon Age 2
um so they they really just started you know pushing things the problem frostbite was also made for first-person games but uh it didn't have the ability to have stats game saving conversations cut scenes any of it from RPGs
or animate like quadrupeds or certain custom characters so um they really had just a rotten time with it and then um
They ended up, though, working their way through it.
Very unstable builds of it and trying to work with that and a few other in-house tools.
But they did get it out there.
They were afraid that the popularity of mobile gaming would also hinder console game sales.
So this pushed BioWare to release it for older systems as well.
So as far as the releases it had, it was intended just to be released for PC, PS4, and Xbox One, but there were then PS3 and Xbox 360 releases too.
And it really just put...
A lot into trying to make those games work on the earlier systems So yeah, they had some problems with it But they did manage to put out a fairly decent masterpiece, I think It was really, really good
you had wide open spaces to explore you could play different kinds of characters you had your NPCs you had your team members and a twist I'll be honest I saw it coming because I knew the lore I saw it coming the thing about Solas who is now the I'm gonna say that he's an antagonist in the current game in Veilguard but
maybe like you have your more forceful antagonists like Ghislaine and Elgarnaan but he's like the overarching antagonist but he's also like not an antagonist in the fact that he's a very complicated character and that's really what a lot of people called out is that in Dragon Age Inquisition you had this very complicated character everybody was complicated they had their own motivations their own things going on
and they didn't always all get along like a lot of the dialogue between certain characters is just absolutely perfect for how hard they snap on each other but this built off of something that came from DLC for Dragon Age 2 where they had found like one of the old uh
Magisters who were responsible for the blight coming into the world and now he wants to you know he's come out of the fade and he wants to go back and make himself a god so of course that's bad news for everybody and you see some returning characters like
You can bring back Hawk, your hero from Dragon Age 2.
Cassandra, who was interrogating the shit out of Varric during Dragon Age 2, comes back, as does he.
You have Liliana from the first game.
I think she showed up in two, briefly.
You even see Alistar.
You see a lot of people.
There's references back to the Warden if they lived.
Morrigan is in the game.
So you have a lot of characters coming back and
it was really there was some pretty fun fan service in there for people and they remembered their lore they got it right um they this it had what I wished Veilguard had been able to maintain um
there's a lot of drama with Veilguard including laying off some of the writers for the game but we'll go back so anyway they were able to get different artists to come in for some of the background art elements including the character cards and in-game artwork statues, all kinds of things
and they did have a pretty decent character AI for your companions when they fought, but you could also move them around and assign tasks to them.
Like I said, you could play different classes and different characters.
You could play a Dalish elf, you could play a human noble.
You could play a kunari, you could play a dwarf.
This is also, I think, the first game you could play a kunari as a player character in.
And then you had, you know, your mages, you had your rogues, and you had your warriors.
So, all really good.
I think that the character in this one was very well done.
and it picked up all the pieces left over from the previous ones.
And while you get Hawkback, they were saying that they didn't bring the Warden from Dragon Age Origins in because
First of all, there was no established voice.
And they didn't have a means in there to make a character that would resemble their version origins, which I think is, I mean, they could have done something.
and the warden was going to appear in the Here Lies the Abyss quest with Hawk but they cut that out in development so they actually had a crime reporter inspect all of the Dragon Age media to be sure that Inquisition hadn't deviated from the lore and
and they even had their own internal wiki to keep track of their characters and all the lore which I think is hilarious.
You had a gift system in the game to make friends and romance people and make friends or push people away and punch soulless which was in there.
um there was an approval bar but they removed it because they wanted it to be more subtle a little bit more real life um they they were as far as romances too they were focusing on characters um
and DarkSakura.com
I love Dorian.
He is their first fully gay male character.
Sarah was their first full lesbian character to my knowledge.
I like that you had people that
were who they were does that make sense what I'm saying about that yeah they just they were although I would have loved to have had an ace character you know just saying but I think that that it was it was really good the way it was handled they had a trans character who was handled perfectly and voiced by Jennifer Hale I'm just gonna say this right now long live Krem um
just amazing amazing and the the music in the game was pretty pretty awesome um they had a new composer Trevor Morris um to bring in a different as they say emotional flavor to to the game um they did high uh quality dynamic audio so they wanted it to be
very immersive and they were using the audio functionality in Frostbite to accomplish that so they also removed some tasks that included tagging animations and sound emitters so that they could focus on producing the high quality sound that they wanted to but a lot of the story moments for audio programming was scripted by hand
There were songs that were made for a character named Meriden Halliwell, who was voiced by Elizaveta Kriponova, who was a bard in the game, like an actual musical bard.
and so in fact her songs were actually so popular that they did the Bard songs that you could download between January 26, 2015 and February 9, 2015 but they are available elsewhere they marketed the shit out of the game I had been waiting for this the really neat thing that this one had was the Dragon Age Keep
So you could go back and instead of like a save file migration, it was very, very in-depth.
You could make your whole major decisions that would have affected the game.
You can bring them over by creating them in the keep and then importing that into your game.
and in the keep you could also access Dragon Age The Last Court which is a companion game although it's been deactivated since 2020.
There were a minigame called The Quest for the Lead Lyrium Reapers that was on the Dragon Age Inquisition website.
Different promotional rewards in the minigame and then you could get it in a special delivery chest on patch 11 in October 2015.
There was a golden Nug statue and
that if you've already completed the playthrough you could synchronize your collections of items to bring them over kind of a new game plus-ish and then there were the digital deluxe editions you get the OST and different in-game items like a throne made out of a dragon skull that was cool they had DLC, the Jaws of Hakkon which was really fun and definitely threw a wrench into some of the established lore that people thought was there um
and then the Black Emporium came out for free which is also present in Veilguard 2 for exclusive items.
That was the one that let you have the Mirror of Transformation so you could change the appearance of your Inquisitor which is now just, you know,
in the Lighthouse in Veilguard.
And they were working on ways to transfer your save games to newer hardwares.
The spoils of the Avvar had new in-game items, schematics, customization options, just all kinds of stuff.
And then the last DLC, Trespasser, was basically set two years after the game and is...
Basically, it's like, what the hell happened with Solas?
Yeah.
It was pretty good, and I think was the nice ending to that story and the setup for Veilguard.
This game won amazing kudos from various facilities.
It did not get any lower than an 8 out of 10 from any reviewer, or no less than 4 stars.
The highest score, there's a 5 out of 5 from Joystick and 9.5 out of 10 from Polygon.
People were saying that it was fun and colorful and that the expansion really brought a lot to the game.
They thought that some of the story was a little bit more by the books, but it felt like there was...
more than what could have gone on but there was a lot of potential for more to happen and there were people who thought it didn't have the heart of the previous games but still it offered like actual decisions that you would stop and agonize over and that really showed their effect in the rest of the game that you played I mean you have one right at the start for like who you're going to side with the mages or templars um
and it was a fully realized world it was really really big you know you go all kinds of places and you would always find things to explore and you had to kind of learn your way around just like you know you were new like you were new to an area um it was it debuted at number five in the UK on its first launch week
and sold almost exact amount as Dragon Age 2 did.
It was considered the most successful launch in Bioware history based on units sold.
As of September of this year the game sold over 12 million units in its lifetime which surpassed anything the EA had projected.
It was to that date Bioware's best selling title.
Awards.
It was nominated for Best PC Game and won Best RPG at the Game Critics Award.
The Game Awards 2014 won Best Roleplaying and Game of the Year.
Dice Awards Game of the Year and Best Roleplaying MMO Game of the Year.
It's won Game of the Year just from a bunch of different awards and won a Special Recognition Award by the 26th Annual GLAAD Media Awards.
well done there I'm not going to go too much more into Veilguard but this game is absolutely amazing I still go back and revisit my characters from time to time I modded the shit out of my game yeah it was great and
I can't say enough good things about it I thoroughly thought I've probably beaten that game a dozen times I have all kinds and I always like the first time I played it I did do the soulless romance so when I played Veilguard I brought over that Inquisitor like you don't get nearly the customization in Veilguard and I'm disappointed by that but every other playthrough I found my Garrus and it's Cullen even though his voice actor is an ass
but that that he's my Garrus in this game I have him a Bari plushie I have a Nug plushie well you've beat this 12 times oh yeah his politics are bullshit bullshit he's a turf um you've beat this game 12 times meanwhile I'm still stuck in the hinterlands um so you know that's
different experiences but you have Scout Harding and she's adorable and then you can play with her in Velguard yeah, I do need to go back and actually finish this game someday we'll just add that to the list of things to do
Well, you know, Gareth David Lloyd played Solas, and you know what else he was in for our Doctor Who fans?
He was in Torchwood as Ianto Jones.
And, you know, joining... Yep, PodCulture knows it.
And then joining Eve Miles, who played Meryl in Dragon Age 2.
so so yeah oh and this was the last game to feature Flemeth and you know who voiced her?
Kate Mulgrew oh shoot okay nice yeah so yeah really really really good stuff lots of tie-ins for a lot of other franchises that we love but yeah so the game is Dragon Age Inquisition alright
Good pick, even if it falls into the hole.
I can't believe that's 10 years old.
But it is.
Well, since it's been kind of shoved down my throat that it's 10 years old, I think I can very well believe it.
That's fine.
All right.
Dragon Age Inquisition, your classic game of the week.
We have just a few more headlines we're going to run through quickly in a segment called Rapid Fire News.
So, Loki, we'll go to you first.
Yep, so we have some DLC coming out for a mod for Fallout London.
Yes, so they have three pieces of DLC that are coming out later this year, so that's pretty awesome.
You already get essentially a total conversion on the game, and then they're adding what was previously cut content and some stuff that they're adding.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
whatever reason they replace all the spiders with Astro Bot and it's funny because they actually play like the Astro Bot theme song as it's going so they're kind of charging towards you and stuff but it's certainly a lot cuter than the actual spiders in game so I thought that was kind of funny that's cute, I like that idea DarkSakura, what do you have?
I did just come up with what I'm going to do for my one-off game
Like Game of the Week.
Oh, that's going to be weird, but fun.
I mean, in a good way.
Weird in a good way.
Well, yeah, like the Action 52 and stuff like that.
Oh, God.
All right.
Okay.
I'm into it.
Alright, anyway.
Squinnix put out a questionnaire asking what input fans had for the future of the Final Fantasy series.
It is a 10-15 minute Final Fantasy questionnaire.
They posted this on the site that I don't visit, but I will see about copying the link and putting it here in our chat if anyone's interested.
But yeah, I think that
They want to hear us.
Why not answer?
And here, I'll put it there so you don't have to go on to the site that shall not be named.
Alright.
And how about a Fortnite story?
We have Cyberpunk 2077 is making its way to Fortnite with Johnny Silverhand, that of course is Keanu Reeves' character, and V, the female character from the game, are coming over to Fortnite.
Apparently it went live earlier this week, and you can get the characters and accessories and all that stuff.
And yeah, there you go.
Are we surprised?
Not really, because CD Projekt Red has done other things through Unreal and all that.
The first trailer for The Witcher 4 is in Unreal, and we've had characters from The Witcher series that have shown up in the game before.
Also interesting to note, this is Keanu Reeves' second character in Fortnite.
So you can do Johnny Silverhand versus John Wick.
by the way can I talk about John Wick for a minute because I was on a flight back from Nashville and I wasn't really you know I was kind of like in and out of sleep and sometimes if I'm really bored and zoning out I'll just kind of notice what the person in front of me is watching on their TV and they were definitely watching John Wick which I had never seen before or knew anything about but and I couldn't tell you what the plot was because you don't hear the audio because they have headphones on but I was like is this movie's plot is literally if Johnny or excuse me if
If Keanu Reeves does not shoot somebody through the face every 15 seconds, the movie ends.
That is very clearly what John Wick is.
Loki, are you a big fan of John Wick?
I've only seen the first one, I think.
Just struck me as a Loki movie.
Yeah, they're good.
I like them.
It's just shooting people over and over and over again.
Shooting people.
That's all that movie is.
Yep, pretty much.
Anyway.
but now you can do Keanu Reeves versus Keanu Reeves in Fortnite and I'm sure many fanfic writers will have a field day with that, enjoy alright, with that that is all of the stories that we have, but we do have some release dates, maybe this is like last week, probably a terrible week for release dates but we will check in with the world anyway so Loki, we'll go to you first
Well, there's not much.
There's really only one game that's weathering waves on PlayStation 5.
Weathering waves.
I wonder what... Weathering waves.
Weathering waves.
Okay.
Traveling to Japan, I do not see anything on the Switch this week.
And on the PlayStation 5, I don't see anything either.
We don't really have games coming out in Japan again until Ys is coming out, I believe, in the new year.
But that's it.
No, that's actually not even a Japanese release.
I'm sorry.
Those are showing other regions.
Freedom Wars looks like the first release on PlayStation 5 in the new year on the 9th of January.
So we have a little ways to go.
DarkSakura, same story in the UK?
Yeah, just two things.
We have the Resident Evil 2 remake for iOS and Mac.
and on January 1st, Wuthering Waves 2.0 for PS5.
Some folks in chat talking about Wuthering Waves.
QuestBuster says it's like a sci-fi Genshin Impact, if that helps.
Deft says, if anything, it is free to play.
Those games have gotten a lot of fans that way, that's for sure.
Alright, now we go to the listener roundtable.
If you would like to give us a call, we have our Discord open over at vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room.
I would encourage you to join the Discord and chat with us throughout the week as well.
You can email us as well, participate at orangelondrader.com, but I think I caught before the show that we don't have any emails tonight, right?
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Um, and the first one is from Fifth Dream, who is saying games we wanted to play this year and just didn't.
Oh, I'm sure this is a big list for many people.
A game you wanted to play this year and just didn't.
I'll start because mine is a whopper because I kind of can't believe I didn't get around to it.
In fact, this is going to surprise some of you because I bought the game.
I still haven't played it.
Final Fantasy VII Rebirth.
I just I got distracted I played other things one of these days I'll get around to playing it but yeah it's one that I fully I wanted to play it this year and I just I just didn't that's the topic I can't think of anything I think I've played everything that I was interested in
Loki, what about for you?
I mean, I even played What the Fog.
I mean, there wasn't really much that I was looking forward to playing this year.
Grand Theft Auto 6, no, but that'll be next year at this point.
No, nothing that actually came out.
I don't know.
There's nothing really that I didn't play that I didn't, I guess.
Final Fantasy maybe, but I wouldn't have played that anyways because I haven't finished the first one.
Yeah, I think I played everything.
Pod Culture says a new OLR dream game which is funny because we kind of got into that earlier in the show and I said hold on because I think we have a bleed about this and so here's the thing is that with OLR dream games usually they're best thought up on the spot you know it's hard for us to kind of say you know I feel like when we're kind of hand molding something that doesn't come up in natural conversation it's not really an OLR dream game but we did get
the you know president cat in space earlier so um I don't know I'd probably go with that for me I don't know if my co-hosts want to chime in on that but all right well then we have one more uh from Dark Tetsuya who says we got a PlayStation 5 for Christmas and funny enough one of our
Fast Favorites is the Pinball FX line.
So any recommended tables to pick up are greatly appreciated.
We did just get the latest Williams pack featuring Black Knight 2000.
It's a tough one.
Shucks, I have to remember what tables are even in Pinball FX.
But if I'm not mistaken, you know, Pinball FX has some of the old classics.
I really think... Oh my God, I'm blanking on the names.
You know this one, DarkSakura.
There's two of them.
There's the one with the spinning lamp, Tales from... Arabian Nights?
Arabian Nights, that one.
I thought it was called Tales for some reason.
That's a Papaduke one, I think.
That one, and then the one that's very similar with the big escape case in it, the magic game.
Theater of Magic?
Theater of Magic, that one.
Why can't I remember these names?
You mean the one that I have in my dining room?
Yes, yeah, I can't remember the names.
I'm sorry, I'm getting old.
I'm getting to that age.
Melody's Favorite Pinball?
Theater of Magic, yes.
Those would be, I think those are like just, because what I like about those games too is that they don't really tie into any other property.
I'm like, sure, the Addams Family table is great, you know, but like those tables just kind of really speak for themselves.
Does that make sense?
But DarkSakura, I don't know if you have... I know that you've got the real deal in your house, but Pinball FX is a much cheaper way to get into pinball.
I don't know if you have any recommendations for tables to check out.
I don't know what all is on Pinball FX.
I could look at the list real quick and see if there's anything.
I mean, definitely Theater of Magic.
Arabian Nights is also a really good one.
Is World Cup on there?
DarkTetsuya says World Cup is on there, really?
World Cup is a really good one that is my absolute favorite pinball Rocky and Bullwinkle I think is on there which was the first one that we owned I want to say I cannot find the list of games that are on it pinball FX game list
There's a ton of them at this point.
I'm just kind of naming random tables because there's a ton of them.
So I just figure there's a really good chance most of the big ones from the 90s and after, unless there's a big licensing issue.
Yeah, I don't see any of it.
But, I mean, if you see something on there and you want to ask me about it, message me.
I'll tell you.
Oh, and my husband would recommend Elvira Scared Stiff.
I think that's his favorite.
Yeah, Scared Stiff, definitely.
Yeah, World Cup is still my favorite Alright, well if you want to bleed us throughout the week, at Orange Entredo is the place to reach us on Blue Sky But with that, hey, we still filled out You know what?
What?
I don't think I like Bleat either because it sounds too much like Tweet, which sounds too much like the other site.
I like Post.
That's actually the official line, too, from Blue Skies, that they're called Posts.
To which everybody will always reply, no, they're Skeets.
Shut up.
Whoever came up with that bullshit, because that's terrible.
Alright, well with that, we're going to wrap up another episode of Orange Lingerie.
Actually, wait, I should check in.
I doubt there are, but I'm going to check with Loki if there's any last minute stories.
No.
I had a feeling that would be the case.
Anyway, thank you as always for listening to another episode of Orange Dawn Radio.
Thank you for participating with our show tonight, especially throughout the holidays.
We hope you had a lovely holiday period.
I can't believe it's going to be 2025 next week.
I hope you all have a very happy and safe new year, however you're choosing to celebrate.
It's kind of wonky.
It's in the middle of the week, but hey, hope you're able to celebrate anyway and have fun with it and enjoy games.
Enjoy catching up on your backlog like I'm trying to do.
So, uh, we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Please follow us there.
Please follow us in the Discord server.
Uh, we have our YouTube channel where you can always find the shows.
And hey, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio, tell a friend.
We are the word, or we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, um,
Actually, it's not iTunes anymore.
It's just Apple Podcasts is what they call it now.
So whatever, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube, wherever you found this show, those five-star reviews have gone an awful long way, and we really do appreciate them.
So thank you so much.
iTunes hasn't existed for like a year now.
I know.
It's habit, right?
You memorize the spiel, and habits are hard to break.
I still call it iTunes even if it's not.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to wrap it up and get on out of here for the night.
Bobby Blackwolf will be back next week.
We'll be back next week.
And since it will be the first show of the year, I think we ought to open up our 2024 predictions and see how that went.
So we're going to do that next week.
We can do our game of the years of 2024 as well.
I guess we can.
If you have any, sure, we can do them.
we'll talk about that alright, with that let's wrap up so DarkSakura, I'm assuming you are streaming as always tonight?
yeah, I'm gonna go back and do DBD I wanna finish the Bone Chill stuff I might play some Killer if no one's gonna join me alright, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
um reject false icons?
why not go with an old classic?
Yeah, also, it never dawns on me that my mom is in her 60s until she tells me that she needs to get a, quote, smart TV.
But I like the dumb TV.
I'm just like, Mom, it's not hard.
No, what gets me is when people who I consider to be in my age group are tech challenged.
And I'm like, I can do this.
Just like, you know, I'm here for people, but would it kill people to read a manual?
Will it kill you to read a manual?
RTFM, read the fucking manual.
I'm in pain.
I'm in emotional pain.
All right, get to streaming.
We'll see you in a little bit.
I'm internally screaming right now.
Later, kids!
Goodnight.
Bye.
Alright, Loki, we'll go to you and your final thoughts tonight.
Yeah, just still working on the Minecraft stuff.
Hopefully I'll have that done soon so I can finally put out my episode and end the season.
and my final thought is I will be streaming this week I just don't know when and I think I'm going to play a game I've been talking about for a long time it's my first game I want to beat for 2025 so I'm kind of coming up with a mental list of all the games I want to play so hopefully I can beat them that's the thing where I'm like oh god has my skill regressed a lot but I may do some games not in hardcore mode so I can just save state my way like I think at some point in the year
I really want to do Blaster Master.
It won't be first.
I'm going to have to save state that one.
That game is too harsh when you're done.
And there is no battery.
I would have to do it all in one sitting, which is not going to happen.
So I'm going to have to do a save states in that.
So I'll have to opt to bend.
I didn't say I won't beat them without using some of the modern things, but I'm going to try to use them sparingly.
All right.
Anyway.
that's it thank you all for spending some of your holiday time with us here at Orange Lounge Radio we will be back next week thank you and again have a safe new year happy gaming enjoy and enjoy yet another special outro from DJ Ranma S tonight who sends his regards so have a good night everybody we'll see you next time bye you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios
Join us for our live show.
Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
