Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week it's the year of Super Baseball 2020 and in the timeline of reality we're still trying to get automated calls of balls and strikes into the MLB.
Never forget about the veracity of those resistance change.
It's been a quiet week but we'll share what we can starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with the first show of the year, January the 5th, 2020, episode number 805.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me, as you can see on Twitch TV, is Loki.
Yes, they can't really see you really well. I have a Double Dare shirt on.
Oh, you have to stand up and model it at some point. When you're done eating your salad I see you're-
It's fine.
Very healthy choices in 2020.
Not really, it's a Caesar salad so it's not that-
It is healthier, it is- I could have gotten pizza but the salad- they have this promotion going on at Mod Pizza where-
Hold up, don't name them if they ain't paying us.
At a pizza place that has an app that if you buy up to four salads in the month of January you get four salads free in February.
So I was like, okay, sure, their salad was alright the first time I had so I've been- actually I've had like four of these already this week so-
I mean, it's good, they're a little on the pricey side but it's hard to get a good salad because-
And I will name them because their salads suck. Subway? Not-
No, not-
I'm with you, there's some places that very clearly just put like the stale lettuce in a bowl and like throw it with other stuff.
It is not-
You gotta have the right mix, you do.
Not good.
On a more serious note, not joining us tonight is Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Unfortunately, and some of you that follow her on social media may have heard, her mother-in-law passed away.
So for those of you that know Dan, because he's been on the show, those of you who've been listening a long time, that would be Dan's mom passed away this past week.
So as you can imagine, just there's a lot going on and Dark Sakura kind of needs to be there for Dan and the whole family right now.
So definitely our thoughts are with her and sending Dan, of course, and sending that whole family some warmth and vibes.
And we're expecting that she'll be back next week but certainly they can take all the time that they're gonna need for that situation.
So again, our thoughts go out to them.
Because of that, we had teased a few things on last week's show.
We talked about doing the time capsule tonight and doing the games of the year tonight because this week was expected to be another slow news week.
But I think you'll all understand that I want to put that off another week so that Dark Sakura can be here to participate in that segment.
So we're gonna make do tonight with what little news there is.
There isn't a lot, I almost feel like in some ways the news this week is almost lighter than it was last week.
Well, how was your New Year's? Let me ask that.
It was alright. We kept the kids up until nine so they could watch the ball drop thing.
And the only nine o'clock feed of the ball drop that we had was CNN.
And they're terrible. Anderson Cooper is just not...
It's not the same without category.
It's not good at all.
Their bits that they were doing were just like, it was really cringey.
And I was like, okay, no, we're not watching this.
Because we'd flipped it to them, they were reading Goodnight 2019 and thinking that Goodnight Moon in the book and stuff.
And it was awful. So we just kept flipping between that and the Food Network until it finally did the countdown and then that was it.
I fell asleep at 1130. I was feeling some sort of way because I'm like, nobody's having a party this year.
But then you have to remember, well, I could have had a party, but I don't want to clean.
And then it's like, it's a Tuesday night. It's one of the worst nights to have a big celebration.
Next year will be better because I think next year Christmas and New Year's fall on a Friday. So that'll be fine.
Yeah. Anyway, we're going to get into what news there is this week. I do want to mention, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at The Voice of Geeks Network.
vog.network.com. That's vognetwork.com. Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
We started about six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern. Right after, of course, our friend Bobby.
I know there's a lot going on tonight, too. Tonight just feels awesome.
Golden Globes.
I know the Golden Globes are going on tonight, which I don't really care about award shows anymore.
Like I used to be that guy that, you know, got all excited about the Oscars.
Then I started doing this show and it's like it was my Sunday nights and then I don't go to the movies as much.
So it's like, oh, these movies got nominated. I didn't see any of them, you know.
And the Globes especially are just weird because it's only what the group is like, not even 90 people that vote on those things.
There was that great email. I think it was from Flocko. I hope I'm not misattributing that.
But there was a great email that was comparing the video game awards to the Golden Globes because it's a very small committee that actually votes on them.
So it's kind of kind of interesting comparison there. Those are on the night, of course.
Awesome Games Done Quick is right now.
And I can completely understand if you're you're watching that instead of this tonight, because it's a great charity event.
You know, it happens a couple of times a year. People are really excited about that.
I know some people have told me I have O.L.R. in one window and Awesome Games in the other muted.
And it's like, whatever. And then many people, of course, are listening on the podcast feed because they were doing something else live on Sunday.
Yeah, if it's if for me, like Awesome Games Done Quick is great to watch when you can live.
But I just mostly catch up on that stuff when it hits YouTube.
Yeah. When they when they segment. That's true. They archive everything as well.
So, yeah, because that is for me, like sometimes like I can see them till three in the morning to watch like a Taskbot slot or something like that,
even though that would be pretty awesome. I can't do that.
So I'm looking at some of the comments in chat because, again, we take a big thank you to despite everything else going on live tonight.
And I know it's like the last day of holiday break for like students and, you know, many.
So is this a lot going on tonight? But a big shout out to those of you that are joining us in chat.
Let's see. Misty O.L.R. says, I deliberately went to bed before midnight, even though I didn't really have to get up until about 8 a.m.
Yeah, I was I just at some point I was like, what's the point in staying up?
I'll just say Happy New Year, Alan, and then go to bed. And I love the way Alan put it.
Alan wrote an Instagram story later that night that put 2020 can wait for me.
Good night. And I'm like, I like that. I'm going to use that one and explaining it to people.
And then Tiger saying, sadly, I have to go back to work tomorrow. So I'll miss most of the day coverage of awesome games done quick.
But we'll watch the rest of the live streaming after work. Yeah. So I'm sure there's a lot of people going back to work and all that good stuff tomorrow.
As that says, because the show is shorter tonight, we should do a half hour of O.P.R. live on stream or Niantic Wayfarer.
Is that I'm trying to you and I got to do a YouTube on that stuff. We should I be down for that.
I don't I don't have it all set up to stream like the window and all that stuff.
So I need prep. I need prep time and make something that you just bring up a Web page in there.
It's not that it's take take me too long to futz around there live. So it's fine.
Oh, yeah. We'll do it. I want to do the YouTube thing. You can watch that on demand whenever you want.
So. All right. We'll get into our gaming weeks in a little bit so we can talk about what video games we've been playing throughout the new year.
But first, we're going to talk about one of the big news stories to kind of hit in the past few days.
And that is a leak of sorts of the Final Fantasy 7 demo.
So it seems like it is confirmed that there will be a Final Fantasy 7.
We all know I'm talking about the remake. I'm not talking about a game from the 90s.
The Final Fantasy 7 remake demo. There was rumors that one existed.
And now there very clearly is one because there is video evidence of one being played in multiple places.
Loki, how are they getting this demo? Because you can't you can't go on to the PlayStation Store, at least not tonight, and get that demo.
Maybe by the time some of you hear they have.
But there's now there's different things for like modded systems or whatever to download updates and patches and whatnot.
So they have a certain file structure to how they store everything on the storefront.
A lot of it has that PlayStation ID with the system and then the catalog ID for the actual piece of software.
So they could find out what the idea is for the demo and basically find the page for it, even though it's not listed on the storefront.
And so using a third party tool that they design could download the demo to their system and play it.
All right. So did you know you didn't you didn't watch any of the demo? I haven't watched any of it.
Well, how convenient, because I've got all right here.
But before I click the button to start it, because I know some people are very hypersensitive to spoilers, especially when it comes to the Final Fantasy universe.
I am going to warn you, I'm going to play some of the leaked footage.
I'm only going to play the very beginning of it, the actual what it would be akin to the opening movie.
This cuts off when the player takes over as cloud. And that's about as much as I allowed myself.
So this is literally the first two minutes after pressing start.
If that is still a problem for you, you may want to avert your eyes and ears for about two minutes while I bring this up.
So here is, if you haven't already seen it for yourself, some of the leaked footage from the Final Fantasy 7 remake demo.
And you can see...
I'm pretty sure some of this has been in trailers, too.
Yeah. Oh, I'm sure many people have seen this in trailers.
But now you actually kind of get to see it in motion, which I think is very interesting, because then I start comparing what I'm looking at here and like the opening shot of Aerith's eyes.
You know, and kind of the the life, you know, stream kind of pouring out here.
I kind of start to compare this to, oh, what I remember in Final Fantasy 7 when I first played it.
That's how I remembered it.
Yeah.
It wasn't like that, though.
What's interesting. Yeah, it definitely did not look this good.
In my mind, it did.
What's interesting about the leaked footage is that, OK, it mixes with some of those memories in the original.
You remember that she walked out onto the street and all that.
But then it gets into a sequence. This wasn't in the...
Because how did they render people bumping into her and like actually stepping on a flower and all this stuff?
That was a cut scene. It was...
Was it? I don't remember it. I don't remember.
But then I definitely don't remember that it very faintly plays One-Wing Angel in the back.
That I don't remember.
Yeah, you hear that. If you listen very, very carefully, you can actually hear some of the chorus from that.
And then, you know, you see a lot of the familiar stuff where it's zooming out into the world and the music sounds phenomenal.
I know it's very hard to hear in the studio and it's down way low so you guys can hear us.
But the music in this sounds really phenomenal.
It looks great.
Yeah, it really does.
I mean, it looks like... You remember when they had like a PlayStation 3 concept thing that did this very similar type of opening?
It's like even better than that, obviously, because now we're looking at a PlayStation 4.
Someday PlayStation 5 game, yeah.
And then I think what's also interesting is that when the logo comes up on the screen, it actually does call it Final Fantasy VII Remake.
It doesn't call it Final Fantasy VII, it calls itself the Final Fantasy VII Remake.
So, which, I mean, I know that's what the game is called, but I was just surprised it didn't stick with...
It's just Final Fantasy VII, it's still that story.
And then the big zoom in with the train cut-ins, like it's just...
It almost gives me goosebumps to see like the exact same type of like cuts here.
So, anyway, that's about, yeah, that's about as far as I went with it there.
So, the rest, you'll have to wait until that demo is officially released.
Probably soon.
Yeah, I'm assuming if people are already kind of backdooring into the store to get it, they might have set it up before the holidays.
So that way when, you know, everybody's back in the office next week, come Thursday or so, or whenever this holiday...
When's the holiday sale over?
Well, they tend to...
Probably when it's going up.
I believe that they're updating everything on Thursday, because Thursday is usually when they do the updates for like PlayStation Plus and all that stuff.
So, maybe that'll be like, throw it up there for everybody at the same time.
Yeah. So, how did you feel about seeing that?
It looks good.
Doesn't it?
Like, and it's interesting because for all the, why are they remaking VII out of all the games they could have remade?
Why are they doing VII?
And, you know, all that stuff, I'm like, dang, the more...
I can't wait for VI to be remade that way.
I wish, I wish.
The more and more I see the footage from Final Fantasy VII and I see the game, I'm like, dang, this looks like it's gonna be better.
Like, it really is.
It does. It's like pretty awesome.
I'm just, I'm like, the battle system, even though they completely changed it, it looks like 15 but fun.
Don't they still have the old battle system in there?
Don't they have like a turn-based battle system in there as well?
Yeah, I think it was like 15 where you can kind of flip it either way.
You can do a live one or you can do an active time type of thing.
Yeah.
Yeah. Gonna be very interesting.
Ezet in chat says, please tell me we can skip summon cutscenes.
Knights of the Round, OMG.
Probably.
I can't see how that isn't a thing but summons are also gonna be different because aren't you summoning them onto the battlefield?
Like, it wasn't like it was in VII where they just did one attack and that was it.
Like, didn't they show some stuff from E3?
I don't remember.
I want to say they showed a bit with Efreet and he actually kind of like takes over the battle.
It's similar to XII.
I don't remember.
Kind of what that looked like anyway.
So.
But I imagine they've learned their lesson.
They did add a skip summon thing to the Final Fantasy X remaster.
So I can't imagine they didn't learn that lesson for Final Fantasy VII when they redo that.
One other thing we should talk about when it comes to Final Fantasy VII isn't quite related to the same demo leak.
Well, no, I guess it is.
Because some folks, now that the demo's leaked, they're going in and they are tearing apart the files.
In fact, apparently a rough version of what does cross-dressing cloud in that one sequence in the game, that is out there now.
So if you're trying to keep that a secret, you might want to, you know, just be careful what you look up in the next couple months.
But also, they've been tearing through those files and they found that the Final Fantasy VII remake apparently is going to be coming to PC.
There are many signs in the demo that a PC port is coming.
There is PC code still left inside and it mentions higher resolutions with Nvidia and AMD stuff.
Well, I bet those higher resolutions are going to be a PlayStation 5 thing as well.
Wait for it. Wait for it. I bet that's what happens.
This comes out on PlayStation 4 in March and then at some point, probably before the next, you know, chapter of the remake,
we're going to see a PlayStation 5 and then that's also going to be like when it comes out on PC and all that stuff.
I think that almost seems like a given at that point.
So would you be more interested in playing this? Are you going to, knowing that that is a factor,
I'm kind of curious with this in chat as well.
Are you going to wait for Final Fantasy VII on a PC environment or nah, I'm going to jump in on PS4.
No, PS4 because my PC is not going to be able to push. I don't have a monitor that's 4K.
I don't have, you know, the hardware that can push something that nice looking.
So I would think picking it up on PlayStation 4 because most likely when it does come out on PlayStation 5,
I'm sure there'll be something, hey, you own the PlayStation 4 version. It's a free upgrade because it's digital or whatever.
And so I'll just do that.
Cool. Sounds good. I am, yeah, I'm just going to buy it on PlayStation 4 because I can't wait.
I can't, I, you know, I have no problem buying games multiple times.
Oh no, I can only buy it once.
Yeah, no, I'll buy it on PlayStation 4 and then I won't get the PC one right away.
I'll wait till it like goes on sale, but we're talking a couple of years out of the year, many years out at this point.
It's going to be just think in the scope of this year, but by the end of the year,
we're going to be talking in terms of PlayStation 5, X, XX and like all this different stuff is going to be just in the scope of a year.
So, all right. Well, anyway, I hope you guys are as excited from S7 Remake as I am.
So let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
So, Loki, we'll start with you, even though we were talking a little bit about this before the show.
Well, I haven't been playing much of Pokemon Go and Minecraft Earth,
although I did play a little bit Minecraft Earth the other day because I want to just do more of the adventure stuff.
I don't play it too much because it drains my phone battery like a ton.
And especially if like I'm out, usually we'll have like a dead period of time between when my son does his coding class,
we go to lunch to when he has his piano class.
And so some of that time may be going to a park and then usually I'll do the, you know, AR stuff there for Minecraft.
And so I didn't want to use it too much because I still want to have battery power left so I can play other games while he's doing his piano lessons.
But I've been playing Orna all week and so I'm up to level 80 now and I'm playing as a rogue right now.
And yeah, so that's pretty much been my week is just Orna.
Why are so many OLR people, and for those watching on Twitch, yes, that is Mr. Smoosh towards the bottom of your screen.
And he keeps, he's looking at the TV. He's looking at us on the TV because we have a, we have a television that's over here where you can actually see everything so we can see the output, what's going up to the stream.
And Mr. Smoosh is enthralled with watching us on the TV, even though we're right here in front of him.
It's just really funny. I don't understand. Anyway.
He's like, wait a second. Wait, you're right here. But you're up there too. What is going on? I don't understand.
Why do you think so many people that are listening to OLR when I bring up this Orna game are like getting into it and getting obsessed?
Because it's a game unlike Pokemon Go and like Pokemon Go and Minecraft Earth or Ingress and stuff like that.
When you're playing those AR games, it is focused a lot on being able to go out and go to different places like you're really limited interest.
You're really limited to what you can do in the game just sitting at your house.
Whereas Orna, you could sit there and play as long as you can on there and you can level up like I have to level 80 or whatever just by playing the game constantly.
So it's kind of cool also because like, say, there are like a lot of locations that are around my neighborhood that I assume people have put down, but I don't know.
Some of that may be generated by the game as well.
You can, if you tap on something, look in the corner because it'll say who did it.
But I don't know if it's like somebody actually did it or if it's like a randomly generated NPC character that owner of the shop or whatever.
Well, OK, so not to get too far into my gaming week, but I was playing a little bit of Ingress this week and we were doing what we call an op, which means we were throwing a very big field, which took a lot of people.
And for me, I had to go out to the middle of nowhere to do my part about 30 minutes outside of town.
So I was sitting in pitch black and, you know, I can't sit there and play Ingress or anything.
I have to kind of wait for, you know, things to happen.
I want to say too much about how that works, but I wanted to do something.
So I brought up Orna and I'm literally in the middle of nowhere and there were still things to kill and a blacksmith right on top of where I was at.
So I was like, well, this is kind of funny.
So I can't imagine anyone willingly built a blacksmith out there.
So there definitely is.
Yeah, I'm sure there's some of that.
But so that's that's what's kind of nice is like, say, for example, like when I first started off, I could see an item shop on my screen, but it was a lot of times it was out of range or the way where it is,
is like right below my player icon at the bottom of the screen.
So I can't tap around it because the hitbox for that is overlapping where the item shop is.
So I'm like, this is annoying, but like I could walk out, you know, in front of my house and hit it from there.
But so I say, OK, whatever, I'm just going to build one in which you can do that.
You can build your own like points of interest, I guess, on the map by your house.
And then there's other things around, too.
So like, you know, whereas I wanted to get, you know, upgrade my weapons, you have to do that blacksmith shop.
So there's one down the street for me I can go to.
But it's not always convenient if I want to play at home to do that or like, oh, crap, I didn't drive by it to pick up my equipment.
Now I have to use some other equipment instead.
So you can, you know, focus yourself on the game and you can actually spend.
You know, resources to build one of those places nearby and you can share with everybody or you can just keep it to yourself.
Yeah. And as that in chat says, tell them about my house. Nine shops.
Yes. No, he but she's pointing a neon light on where she lives, because if you go I don't want to say if you go to the neighborhood that direction across and you drive around, you're going to look for a big cluster.
And I'll be like, oh, is that lives here? But she doesn't technically have to make those all public.
Oh, only party members can see. Yeah, there's you'll see it.
So, yeah, you can you can know that. Yeah, you can create that.
You can create your your shop so that they're only you can see it or only your party members can see it.
So you don't have to. That actually makes me feel a lot better because I don't want certain people knowing where I live.
So I don't want to build a bunch of that stuff. But if you can hide it. Yeah, you can hide it.
It's really easy. Yeah. The friends I'm in a party with, they all know where I live. So that's fine.
OK. Yeah. So, yeah, it's pretty cool. So that's what I like about it is like that you can play it constantly and do stuff in there.
The only time that you might want to drive around a lot is if you're really trying to hit like those daily quests where you have to kill certain types of creatures, because a lot of times they may not spawn by your house.
That's what Bobby's complaining about is so far I haven't been able to complete the boss quest yet.
I don't know if this will help, but if you tap on the name of the city in the upper right, is that where it is?
It actually shows you nearby bosses that you can kill to take over territory. And so you might find what you're looking for in there.
But I usually just I actually the nice thing about the game for me, I take a walk around the neighborhood and I don't have to go by the pokey stops.
I can have Orna up and I still have something to do. So I don't know.
Yeah. And what else? Doing the arenas for me is a lot of experience as well.
And sometimes it's pretty easy because the people that they pair you with can't do damage to you.
But then again, the reverse is possible as well.
And somebody was asking, PixelPaka says, does health regen over time? Yes.
And if you're a mage, you get a thing that lets you regen mana as you walk.
And that's also nice. That's part of why I like it is because even if an NPC kills you, you're just a ghost at zero health, but you'll regen health over time.
It's not a big deal. You're not like you don't lose XP. You're not like run back to your grave.
You earn so much money doing different things. Like I don't end up spending a lot of stuff in the item shops.
So I I'll sell back some things to the item shops that I can't.
That the materials that I would, you know, transform them into aren't really useful to me.
So I'll sell back a lot of stuff to the item shop and then I can buy health potions.
So I have like a stack of one hundred and forty five health potions right now that I just keep using over and over.
Plus I'm, you know, buying an item shop, you know, at my house so I can just keep buying this up if I need it.
Or an inn or whatever. So really, you know, there's not a whole lot.
Or the other thing too, familiars. So like you can get a pet.
Like I have a fairy that will occasionally cast a heal spell on me that raises, gives me a hundred hit points.
Although I noticed in the arena somebody had a fairy to where it's only supposed to be twenty five percent of the time that does it.
But it's like I just noticed it like for like a good 10 turns in a row. That fairy has healed you.
That's a little super fairy, a little B.S. right there. But wow.
Well, anyway, these boy, we've been given quite the plug to this game.
So, yeah, but it seems like a lot of people that have been listening to show been downloading it and kind of into it.
It kind of, you know, kind of fills the GPS niche if you're a little burned out.
It's good for like when you're in between like stops or whatever.
And it's great because like if you are like in a place that's remote, that doesn't have a lot of things nearby.
I mean, you can still have a lot of fun with it without because it's not generate.
They don't generate stuff at points of interest like Pokemon Go where it's a specific locations.
It's just kind of randomly everywhere. So, yeah.
All right. There you go. Orna been taking over a lot of time. Anything else you're giving me?
That's pretty much it. Well, actually, no, there was a game I played called Wrecked that I got for technically free on the e-shop.
So my kids want it. I just thought I'd get it for my kids. It's a you remember it's time the car.
I know you remember that. So I don't know. It never came out. Yeah.
Well, the the driving portion of that, the engine that's kind of middleware, I guess I was using for that.
I recognize a lot in these different games that they put out because the people are very lazy and they don't replace the turbo and the the brake sounds that are in the game.
And so, for example, this one, it's basically a game where you drive cars and you do stunts and tricks and you earn points and then the points unlock more cars.
And that's it. That's basically the game. It was a buck ninety nine.
So I had like 200 gold coins or whatever in the game. So it's like, oh, free. Cool. And my kids are loving it.
And I did get to play a little bit. It's kind of fun. But I was like, I know what that is. I know how you made that.
I'm like, damn, it's one level and it's just driving around some ramps just in one level and you're selling it for six dollars on the e-shop.
Why didn't I think of that?
Yeah, why not?
So, but it's fun and they're having a lot of fun with it. And it's all right. I played it a little bit. That's it.
That's it. Let's see. My gaming week. So I know. So Act Up and Chad is saying I'm going to stick with Pokemon Go.
I have still been playing Pokemon Go just amongst all these other games as well.
I would say Wizards Unite is kind of suffering on the back burner right now because there's no I'm only interested in that game when there's an event going on, when there's not an event going on.
I don't care about Wizards. So it's on the back burner and I'm playing Pokemon Go.
I did a raid for a Regigigas on New Year's Day and it was over 3000 CP because it was weather boosted.
So that was exciting. And then I caught a shiny Pikachu with a hat as I was walking around the other day.
I actually I did a ton of walking yesterday because, you know, New Year, new me.
But I'm trying to close my Apple Watch stuff every day, which means 30 minutes of walking.
And I had a big chunk of time yesterday where I didn't really have anything going on.
So I'm like, you know what? I've been wanting to do these Ingress missions downtown.
So I did 48 missions downtown in Ingress yesterday. That's cool.
That's three banners. And I was playing I was using Bluetooth on Pokemon Go the entire time.
So amongst those adventures, I finally caught a shiny Pikachu and a hat.
So that was like my big prize from there. And I did raids. I was raiding with a friend the other day.
And we got Wobuffet with a hat. We got Raticate with a hat, but no shinies.
I did hatch the Wurmple though, but no, not shiny, just the Wurmple and a hat.
So I had my party hat collection complete. But yeah, I just don't have the shinies yet.
So. All right. Other games I've been playing this week.
Continue to play Final Fantasy 14. Shane had a wedding in game today. That was fun.
Him and his in real life husband did like decided to get married in the game as well.
So it was a cute little thing to go to and check out. Yeah, it's cute, right?
So I love that that's like a feature in the game. So I took some pictures and yeah, did all that.
So it was fun and been playing a little bit of Pokemon Shield because I wanted that Magikarp
because they had that event where it was really easy to get a shiny Magikarp.
And Shane and I were trying to find raids all night one night, didn't get any.
And then the next night he wasn't on and I was just doing random raids and I got one in a random raid.
So I was happy. And I also got my Snorlax, the special Gigantamax one that like his belly
looks like the entire world or like a snow globe or something.
So I'm like, OK, done with those events. So played a little Pokemon Shield and very random.
But I was playing Pac-Man Championship Edition two again because I was trying to unlock some more.
I think I last week mentioned I bested my score and then I went back to unlock some trophies this week.
So just a very random PlayStation thing that I was doing. So, yeah, a little bit of this,
a little bit of that in the gaming world. Nothing new as of this week.
But I'm sure I'll be catching up on things over the next couple of weeks. So that's for sure.
So. All right. Let's get into some gaming news. First, I want to do a few shout outs.
A little bit of housekeeping here. Speaking of Pokemon Go, which I mentioned a bit ago,
I want to give a shout out to the Pokemon Go podcast because they had me back as a special guest this week.
So I was fortunate enough to just be on. I was just on there maybe five weeks ago, six weeks ago,
when Pokestop submissions became new. But one of their hosts was out again.
So it was Charles McFall, who's a big personality at Dragon Con. So, you know, him and I go way back.
So he invited me back and we talked about Pokemon Go for a couple hours to check that out.
The most recent episode of the Pokemon Go podcast. If you're into that game, we had a lot of fun on there this week.
Do you remember the other announcement I have?
Do you remember last summer when I was spending all my time playing that survivor?
Survivor LARP, I was calling it.
Yes.
Yes. And I won the Survivor LARP, right?
Right.
So I have agreed to do some behind the scenes work with the next season that's coming up.
That's going to start, I think, early next month. Don't quote me on that.
But it's going to be, you know, kind of a winner going into spring game. It is currently casting.
So if you heard me talking about all that and doing like the challenges that are survival style in my house
and the people that I had to lie to their faces and screw over, it was a lot of fun.
But, you know, it was all a game. And actually I legit met some amazing people through that whole experience.
So and like people I am really looking forward to meeting in real life and stuff and just, yeah, some great people.
So if you are if that sounds like your thing, I should note that applications are open for that.
And that whole community loves to see like new faces and new people get into it.
So I figure this is a platform to maybe entice some new people into that.
It is a bit of a time commitment. You have to be willing to do video chats with people
or you're going to get voted out first because you're not participating.
But if, you know, that sounds like up your alley, I would say it's a time commitment similar to like
you're going to hardcore raid in an MMO for three weeks, maybe four weeks.
You're going to hardcore raid in an MMO for a little bit.
So if that sounds like something that's up your alley, check my Twitter feed at Mr Rob Roberts.
Or you can find the Facebook group. It's called Power Org.
That's O-R-G, Online Reality Games. So Power Org is the Facebook group.
And you're going to be looking for Power Season 10. That's the one that's coming up because I won nine.
So, yeah, cool. Those are my announcements.
Cool.
So let's get into some news. Kind of a shorter news week this week.
So it may end up being a shorter show, but we've got a few things to talk about.
So let's get into it. Loki.
So this was an unfortunate turn of events for folks that have WWE 2K20.
So apparently playing the game shortly after the new year.
Well, I should say attempting to play the game shortly after the new year.
Folks found that, well, we can't because it doesn't work.
Because apparently there was some issue with some sort of timer in the game that the system date being 2020
fucked the game over and you couldn't play it at all. It just was broken.
Thankfully, though, they did fix that rather quickly.
It was corrected within the day, but still kind of an embarrassing thing,
especially considering that WWE 2K20 has been kind of fucking terrible this last few months.
It's been out and buggy and glitchy and just all sorts of bad.
So it just doesn't really add to the already shit pile that is that game.
I've seen some interesting commentary on this because some people on social media are like,
LOL, the Y2K bug finally got something and it was this crappy game.
And then there's been other people that are like,
the reason why Y2K ended up not being a big deal is because everybody did,
like it would have been a serious deal, but everybody did a lot of prep and work
and made sure that it wasn't going to be a big deal.
So it's interesting that this 2K20 bug, I guess, I don't know what else to call it,
ended up getting this game. It's just really interesting.
But you've got to wonder what other old games may break at a certain point because of the clock.
You know what I mean?
And I'm talking about this from a retro preservation standpoint.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't either.
Do you think people will be playing like 100 years from now and will come back and play some of the old games?
Oh yeah.
Some of the old day games?
Yes.
You think so?
I guess people still read literature and some people will watch the old movies from that day.
People still speed run games from these 8-bit and 16-bit systems.
True.
So I wouldn't see how that would be any different.
Azet and Chat says Office Space was the premise of Y2K. It was serious business.
Bobby Blackwell says 2038 will be a real bad year for old computer systems.
I've heard that before, that it's 2038 and it's something to do with, I don't know if it's like the powers of two or something.
Like that's how many bits were going in the year.
I don't remember the exact thing, but that's something about that particular year is like when the clock runs out for some old systems.
So that's, yeah.
And then some folks are talking about some of the really, you know, I don't want to get too much into what's going on in the real world because I think video games escape from that.
Obviously a lot of people on social media are like making World War III jokes.
I don't think it's particularly funny.
I don't want to joke about that.
But yeah, let's just hope some of that crazy stuff in the real world really settles down before, you know, so we don't have to talk about that that stuff isn't here for future generations because we, you know, blew it all sky high.
So hopefully, hopefully somewhere, somewhere.
And not like the song either.
Yeah, right. So thank you.
Thank you. Bobby Buckle says in Unix, time is represented by a 32 bit integer start.
OK, that's what it's like. The number of bits.
And it's because the clock. OK, so from January 1st, 1970, the 32 bit integer hits its limit at 2038 because 32 bits would be like 64, something like that, 64 years.
And that's that's when it runs out, basically.
So, yeah, interesting.
We'll see what happens.
All right.
So we got time. We got 18 years.
That's true. We got time.
Well, we have time to fix it. Get those old computers off that system.
But yeah, as far as like preservation goes, I mean, you can't play games on an old system.
The old system no longer works because the sure you can.
Because you know what?
We run the clock backwards.
Turn the clock back.
Can spin around the planet backwards.
But that's what they were doing, though.
The fix the 2K thing is like the temporary workaround was set your clock back.
Oh, wow.
And it works.
You know, it's like you're connected online.
I do remember that something about like change your internal clock on your computer to like nineteen hundred and it'll be fine.
So weird. Anyway.
All right.
Metroid Prime 4. Who knows if that's a game we're going to see in 2020?
Hopefully.
I'm not banking on it, but maybe it could be a holiday game.
But there's some rumors going around and it's this lower news week.
So I'll give the rumors a little air time.
Why not?
So Bandai Namco was working on some ideas and that got all scrapped.
And this project started again.
Retro Studios is taking care of it.
But word on the street is that Nintendo is speeding up the development or helping to speed up the development maybe to make this year happen by outsourcing environment work to another developer.
And that was discovered by a job posting apparently that was out there for said developer.
So interesting.
Do you think that this could be detrimental to the game?
Because sometimes outsourcing doesn't work out so well.
Like the original Final Fantasy 14 clearly had a lot of its environment outsourced.
And you literally saw copy paste terrain.
It was bad.
I think in a way you get what you pay for sort of thing.
But it might also be a time.
If they have the time to get it right, it might be fine.
I think there's also that comment that this is very common in the gaming industry.
So even though I'm pointing out a worst case scenario, there's a lot of scenarios you don't even know about that were outsourced with the environment.
So do you think Nintendo is trying to push this game for this year?
Maybe cutting corners for lack of a better term.
I hope not.
Where they can.
Because at least Nintendo has a certain stamp of quality at least with their games.
I would hope that if they are trying to get the game out this year, just put more resources on it.
Not necessarily cut corners.
I don't know.
We'll have to see what the final product is.
I also would hope that maybe for the holidays Splatoon 3 is going to be a thing.
I could see that coming back.
Do you think we're going to get a new Switch this year as well?
That Switch Pro that's always rumored?
I really don't care.
The Switch Lite didn't seem to matter at all.
Some people love it.
I know, my kids are stupid and they're like, you know.
Don't call your kids stupid.
Okay, I'm sorry. One of my kids is stupid and they, not stupid, but like my one son, he's stupid in the sense that he gets swept up.
Consumerism.
He gets swept up in the consumer hype.
Like he is just full on, you know, just whatever you tell me to buy, I'm going to buy it.
You know, this like type of thing, even though you have no money.
It's like, he's like, I need a Switch Lite.
I'm like, we have a Switch at home. What do you need a Switch Lite for?
Because it's new? I'm like, no. Like you just, you have a Switch.
That sounds like a financial responsible child in the making.
That's going to be, that kid's going to end up in government.
Well, it's just because like, I mean, I could see, I could see where like the advantage of having another Switch would be because they fight over that thing so much.
The problem is though, is because my library is, most of it's digital and it's on the one Switch, I ain't buying that shit all over again.
You know, like that's, that's going to be the problem right there is like, I can't, I don't want to purchase all of that stuff twice.
So that doesn't work for me.
All right. I think they might do like a little incremental upgrade, which is interesting because that's kind of what the new Xbox is supposed to be in a way.
It's just not really incremental. It's like a big upgrade.
Yeah.
To the Xbox system, but you know, we'll see.
All right. As that says, tell him to get a job.
Trying to get him just to pick up his toys and put his socks away and put, put socks on.
I'm like, you're sick. You're almost six years old and you don't put your own socks on.
I'm like, put your damn socks on.
All right.
Let's put yourself to bed. You're almost 10.
Let's move, let's move on to some more negative commentary, Loki.
So apparently the director of Bayonetta is saying that, hey, you know, the switch menu could use some freshening up.
Basically saying that there's, they don't like, one of the things that I guess is kind of annoying is that you can't see all of your games unless you go to all games.
I mean, which it makes sense. It shows you like the most recently played games that you have on your system, which I'm kind of okay with,
but like they feel, you know, Hideki Kayama, he basically wants folders on there.
Kind of like how he had with like the 3DS and stuff where you can put some stuff in folders and like sort it that way.
I would agree that it would be much better if you could customize this a little more to your own liking.
It would be all right.
I mean, I still think it's not a huge deal because I would, you know what?
This is the one time I'm going to be a little more negative on Nintendo than you.
This is new year, new year, new opinions.
I kind of agree that the interface on the switch is a little crap and maybe it's because I play more on a TV.
And I think the interface that it has lends itself a little better to handheld.
Maybe because those icons when you're in handheld may get a little too small.
If you try doing too much on that screen, I will.
I feel like there's just not enough going.
I will contend that I don't think that they should have icons dedicated to disk or cartridge based games
because they do have that like on like the PlayStation stuff.
They'll have like an icon there for because it's similar to the PlayStation kind of set of how you have, you know, your icons.
But that icon changes the first one for whatever disk you have in the system or in this case, a cartridge you have in the system.
But with the switch, if I keep switching cartridges, I'm going to have icons for each one of those as it puts a little bit of insulation data in there.
And it keeps listing all of that there.
It really should just be whatever you played last in there and leave all your digital titles behind it.
And that would show a little bit more on the screen.
But I mean, it's just it's minimal viable.
I mean, really, that's kind of what it is.
And to be fair, there's a lot of similarities between the switch and the PlayStation four.
So it might be a little unfair that I'm not criticizing the PlayStation four.
But I feel like the PlayStation four does a little more would like the crossbar functionality where it's like when you're in a game, you can go up, you can go down.
And there's like there's more things to look at in there.
And you have the customizability of folders.
For example, on my PlayStation four, I have a Jackbox Party Pack folder.
And that's where I play. I forgot you do folders.
That's where I put all of my Jackbox games are in there.
So but even the PlayStation, I really wouldn't mind if they would allow you to maybe like go down into multiple bars or something like I wish you kind of fit a little more.
But I guess sometimes the minimalism thing, I guess, is a design choice. I don't know.
But even on PlayStation, again, like on Switch, you can see what maybe four games at a time on the main screen.
No, it's like it's like it like eight or if you scroll.
I mean, like on the screen, on the screen.
Well, here, here's a screenshot.
So like four. Yeah, you see a few more on on PlayStation.
So, well, on PlayStation, yeah, I don't remember what it is, but it is more like seven or eight.
Yeah. Yeah. So anyway.
So I don't know. I kind of think you might have a point.
Like, I think Nintendo should maybe take a look at redoing that UI a little bit or, you know, just enhancing it a little bit.
Just a little a few enhancements. I think you go a long way with that thing.
Some of this customizability. Yeah. Let us default to all games mode.
Let us, you know, have the idea of cartridges on this line. Digitals on this line.
I love that. Or smaller game icons. You have it where you can do like the 3DS was where.
Yeah, the 3DS was great, honestly.
Have large icons and then like I want smaller icons, but I'll have twice as many on there and there'll be two rows or something like that.
Tiger Claw and Chat is a new Switch owner and says, on my Switch, I have two games that I bought.
One was digitally and the other is a physical copy.
Wait until you have like 40 games and 15 of them are, you know, digital or maybe even more.
25 of them are digital. Yeah.
Then again, that's when that's when the management gets a little crazy.
It's fine when you only have so many games.
But wait, I mean, because then you go into the all game and you're like, oh, I forgot I had these games.
Well, then you get like the Nintendo, the NES channel, then you get the Super NES one channel.
We get all that stuff.
I like the channels thing.
Yeah, exactly. Now, the thing is, like, wait a second.
They had a better air face than it was.
The problem with the Wii interface is it was fucking clunky.
That was it was very clunky and especially the Wii U was really clunky.
But like the fact that it had like the forecast channel, it would actually show on the little screen the current temperature in your area and so forth.
Like it showed you the little micro data right there.
That was very, in a way, almost ahead of its time to like where smartphones kind of ended up.
Or even smart TVs now.
Like TVs are doing that now where they're showing like here's what the weather is right now.
So I kind of I kind of wish Nintendo would take some cues from that Wii design if they could just kind of make that but maybe snappier.
I think that might be pretty cool.
And you could have folders on the Wii thing, too, because I used to have all my virtual console things were in a folder that you could open it.
Or was it the maybe I'm mistaken.
Maybe it was a memory card.
You'd click the memory card and then that would show you another page of things.
So, no, you can do pages.
It's been a while. The Wii was out.
You can scroll to the right or left or whatever and go pages.
And you can do like quite a few.
As Joe under Matt in chat says, yeah, it really feels like it's been devolving since the Wii interface.
So I think it's just time to revisit some of that stuff.
I think the Wii had some good ideas, like the whole sending notes to other people's consoles that it would light up blue.
Like, in theory, that was a great idea.
It just was horrifically.
Because because back then it was like, you know, hey, you can send e-mails to people.
Isn't that cool? But remember, it's like smartphones now.
Now we have smartphones and we don't need.
I know. But remember when it would be like you you walk in your living room one day and you're like, wait, the Wii's glowing blue.
What's going on? You go, oh, somebody sent me a message or or oh, it's an ad or whatever it is that's popping up.
So I think that would be kind of neat. It's a new channel.
Yeah. It's time to go back into everybody votes.
What were the other big dumb channels they put out on there for free?
There's everybody votes. And then there was there was others.
There's a news channel.
Do they still have Miis and stuff in the Switch? I can't remember if they have the Miis creation stuff.
Yeah, they do, because you create it for your little player icon.
Yeah, that's right.
Or you choose one of the stock pictures.
Let's see. Fifth Dream Today says, I miss lights on Nintendo handhelds.
Act F says, I like the Switch's UI simplicity, but it could use some reworking and reorganizing.
So there you go. All right.
Well, moving on, let's talk a little more about Nintendo and apparently on some comments from global president Shuntaro Furukawa,
who says cloud gaming might not be a thing as soon.
But I mean, is this any shock to hear that Nintendo might be behind the curve a little bit on this stuff?
I don't know. You be the judge, because Reggie Fils-May, even before when he was involved with Nintendo and he was the North American president,
he said cloud gaming could be a thing that it dominates later on.
But apparently Shuntaro Furukawa sees differently.
He did an interview with the Japanese publication Nikkei and said it's possible that cloud gaming could capture the public's interest in 10 years from now.
However, at this point in time, I do not think the dedicated hardware will go away.
It's a long way off before we'll really know the outcome.
With that said, it would be pointless to solely focus on methods of play that can only be had on dedicated hardware.
Once your audience starts saying they can play on other consoles or smartphones instead, you're finished.
But, you know, that doesn't mean they're shutting out other concepts completely.
Something I do not want the public to misunderstand is that we are not turning our backs on new technologies.
We are constantly researching and developing.
Our hardware development teams evaluate all kinds of new technologies available thus far and consult with our software developers.
If they determine the technology can be used with the game, then they will utilize it.
We will not be changing this fundamental approach moving forward.
As for AR, augmented reality, it is definitely one of the many aspects we are interested in.
We are currently researching what interesting ways we can utilize it.
Not terribly surprising that Nintendo has a particular interest in AR when you consider how hard Niantic's gone on that with Pokemon Go, which of course is a Nintendo property.
I would be interested to see what Nintendo does with AR because they've kind of dabbled before with even like way back to the DS.
No, not the DS. It was the 3DS. They dabbled with it with the 3DS.
Yeah, I remember that. Like the little AR Rangers and the cards that you had and you could take the camera with a picture of yourself.
Yeah, I remember that.
So they've dabbled with it. I mean, they're kind of always ahead of the curve, but at the same time it's almost too early to do what they want to do.
And they're just kind of like, well, we can't go back to that. So we're just going to forget about it.
And then later on they'll attempt something that's also kind of too ahead of its time.
And ironically, I don't know about you, but I don't necessarily disagree with what he's saying about cloud gaming.
Because what he's saying is what kind of a lot of us are saying about Stadia right now is that it's too early for something like this.
And, you know, he might not be talking about bandwidth caps and some things we're talking about, but he's kind of reading the tea leaves the same way a lot of us are.
And kind of he's also referring to some of the stuff that they've had for cloud gaming on their console already with, you know, the Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
And was it Resident Evil, one of those games that they had on there as well, that was kind of a cloud based game.
And one of those, the sales on the Switch haven't been as great as they'd hoped, although it's really a third party game.
That's a very good point about those kind of cloud carts, which do we have any of them here? Weren't they only in Japan?
They're only in Japan.
So, and then again, we talk about infrastructure, perhaps it's a little better over there.
Maybe Google Stadia stands to do very well in Japan.
By the way, if you are a Stadia person, don't forget there's new games in the store now for pro people.
Because you can grab Rise of the Tomb Raider is one and the other one, Thumper is the other.
Which I'm curious, I got to play that on Stadia because I'm, I mean, putting out a music based game.
I will say, even though Thumper might be a cheaper title in some regards, I think it's still a good game.
And I think it's pretty gutsy to put out a music based game on your cloud gaming.
Well, hopefully it works well.
That's what I'm curious about.
So, so I'll be curious to see what goes on with that.
But back to Nintendo.
Yeah, I don't know.
Like, I think that it makes sense.
You know, we always rag on them for like kind of being behind the curve when it comes to network stuff.
So like, I could see them not wanting to jump into, you know, streaming.
Though, to be honest, so they could do that.
Well, they kind of already do that with the Nintendo games that they have on there.
Although I'm not really sure if that's streaming or if you're just downloading everything.
I mean, how would you know?
Because it's such a small file size.
But like, they could stream, easily stream like a whole NES game to your console.
I mean, hell, they were doing that with the Game Boy Advance and linking that with the GameCube and stuff.
You could stream the whole thing to a Game Boy Advance and store it in memory.
So I think there's some serious missed opportunities with the amount of library that they have with all the NES games.
Especially like what was on the Wii and stuff.
Like, all those games you could buy.
Like, nowadays, just put that full library out there and just put rotating discounts on different things.
And like, you just sell so much.
Because people right now, especially like me, have a tendency to like, hoard games.
It's like, oh, that's a great deal.
I'm gonna pick that up and then you just never play it.
And it just sits in your backlog.
But it's cool because you have all these games and you're like, oh yeah, I'll go back to that someday.
But I think they could make some serious money doing that.
Even like with third parties.
I understand a lot of these companies are putting out these collections and stuff with their older games.
Because that's kind of how they're getting around this.
But I really think Nintendo should kind of regroup and say, hey, you know, let's do what we did before.
Because I think that would be a really good thing.
Because I don't know.
Have with this new version of the emulators that they have where it supports two player multiplayer.
Have you played with anybody multiplayer in any of these NES or Super NES games?
Nope.
So I think that's a feature that everyone's like, oh yeah, I'm looking for that.
To be fair, it was something we were begging for with the Wii.
But I think it's also one of those things where the games, I feel like there's still stuff missing that I would want to play.
But I don't know.
Yeah, I just...
Maybe we're just past that point. I don't know.
I just think it's a real missed opportunity.
Especially with those mini consoles, man.
If you had a storefront built into those where you can keep downloading more titles and keep adding to it.
I'm telling you, they would have had some serious money on their hands.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I still remember how everyone bitched about virtual console because you had to buy each game individually.
Why don't they just make it a subscription service instead?
I think overall I do like the subscription.
But then we saw what the subscription service was and how few games there were.
And it's like, okay, I'll take the old one.
It feels like, you know, it's not quite as robust as the former service with all the games that were available there.
But I guess they have to test them all.
There should be a happy medium.
There should be a happy medium. I think the problem we had with the virtual consoles, I felt that they were charging too much for those games.
And I get it, like some of those games.
Like $8 a game for a Super Nintendo title. No matter what it was.
Maybe you can get away with charging that for Zelda and Mario and the must haves.
But charging $8 for a third party title that wasn't a big deal.
Nowadays you have stuff on the Switch like indie games and stuff that are $9.99 that are a nice full fledged game or whatever.
Or like say I'm paying $20 for a really solid indie, like, Untitled Goose game.
You know, a really solid game.
I just feel that it's not the same value.
I get it that Nintendo games are pretty good and stuff.
But at the same time those games are really old.
And it should mark them down a bit.
But you can still sell a ton of it.
And you're still making pure profit on that stuff.
Because honestly it's the same ROM files that have existed for decades now.
And that you're just running through some emulator software that you created.
Yes, I understand that there's development time for those emulators.
But let's be honest, I'm sure a lot of that stuff is probably also borrowed from other emulators that are out there already.
So, I mean, I can't imagine that the development time in there wouldn't be immediately recouped by the sales of these games.
I think it's probably already paid for itself dozens of times over already.
Let me go back to the cloud gaming thing for one other thing I wanted to bring up.
And that was that Nintendo tends to be very dominant in the handheld space.
You know, maybe not necessarily compared to smartphones.
But when it comes to dedicated gaming devices, they have outlived the N-Gage.
If you want to... I mean, that was kind of...
Okay, but certainly Sony's foray into that is what I'm really getting at.
With the PSP and the Vita, Nintendo's kind of outlived that.
Could it be that even if Nintendo were to miss the boat on cloud gaming right away,
they would still have the lockdown on handheld gaming?
Because the reality is, as much as we talk about 5G and all this stuff,
the portability will not be there before the living room, right?
Cloud in your living room is going to happen before cloud on portability.
And so, maybe it makes sense that Nintendo holds out a little longer
because the handheld thing is so important to them.
And you got to wonder if every system they do from now on
is just going to be some version of the Switch.
I kind of feel like that's where Nintendo's at now.
Like, every Nintendo device from now on is going to be some sort of TV here,
pick it up on the go there, is my thought.
I think we're done with one or the other dedicated Nintendo device
because Nintendo still wants to run with the handheld stuff.
I think they'll go wherever the industry goes, honestly.
If they can get away with doing small devices that are powerful,
which I could see them doing because hardware's just getting better
and eventually it'll shrink down in size.
And it just eventually gets small enough to where you can put it in a handheld form factor.
But it depends on where they want to go.
And it seems like this is where they want to go is the smaller portable devices
because that's what's popular now.
But if something else becomes more popular like AR or something like that,
I mean, that's still going to be probably portable, but we'll see.
I'm sure they'll adapt with whatever the industry's trending towards.
I just want to point out an observation here before we go to our next story,
and that is that you guys know that Mr. Smoosh is usually very loud during the show
and he's screaming and all this stuff, and he was doing that a little bit ago.
He has parked himself on top of Jamie's chair.
So the recliner that Jamie usually sits on,
he climbed to the top, he's parked up there, and he's staring at the  we have a studio light.
It's like one of those lights that's on an umbrella type of thing.
And he's just staring at it and just very peaceful.
That's where he's sitting.
And he's  notice how he has shut the hell up tonight.
It kind of makes you wonder if is that all he just wants every night is just to be up on top of Jamie's chair?
I'm going to tell her next time she's here.
Ping him up and let him get on the back of the chair, see if he'll shut up,
but it probably would rock too much.
When Jamie's in it, she's going to lean forward and take a sip of water or something.
It's going to rocket too much for her.
I don't know. It's just funny.
He knows she's gone. He misses her.
Possibly. I don't know.
Jamie was actually here in the studio last night for unrelated to OLR reasons,
and so Smoosh did get to see her.
It was actually funny.
So yesterday  going off topic for a bit, but our news is light this week so we can do that.
Yesterday was Alan and I's 10-year anniversary of dating, right?
So even though our wedding anniversary is in a couple weeks,
which is why we have no show, by the way, on January 19th,
literally nobody's here on January 19th.
Yeah, I'll be.
He just told me today, I won't be here January 19th.
I'm like, neither will anyone else.
So Dark Soccer has got a thing with the sisters in San Francisco.
Alan and I are going for our wedding anniversary to see 
We're going to the broccoli farm.
You guys are going to the broccoli farm?
Yeah, we're going to the broccoli farm again.
I thought  that's what I asked.
I saw you guys going to the broccoli farm again.
Yeah.
Oh, that's good.
Well, that'll be fun.
Which, if you're new to OLR, the broccoli farm is what Loki told the kids.
It was this great meme for a while on the show.
He told the kids they were going to the broccoli farm.
It was really Disneyland, so they went down to LA.
And they figured it out before you got there, right?
No, they did not figure it out, which they should have
because they were literally signs that said Disneyland and stuff like that.
But we finally told them after a while where we were going.
But they kind of thought they were going somewhere else.
I think they thought Legoland or something like that.
No.
Okay.
No, I was like, no.
Or Universal Studios.
So anyway, the point of my story.
So we all have different things going on in the 19th.
It's just a busy weekend.
I think that's also Martin Luther King Jr. Day, if I remember right.
Is that coming Monday?
Yes.
So I think it's just, you know, with the longer weekend,
it's going to be a little crazy for a lot of people.
So we won't be here.
We won't be here that night.
We won't.
But that is our anniversary.
So yesterday was our dating anniversary.
So we went out.
We decided to go to Benihana last night.
Oh, awesome.
Because, you know, there's only one thing I love more than Alan,
and that's that fried rice.
Yep.
Extra butter.
You got to give it the extra garlic butter.
The other folks at our table were like, can you do extra butter?
And he was like, are you guys okay with that?
You guys were like, hell yeah, we are.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So we did that.
And but the reason why I bring that up.
This comes back to Mr. Smoosh seeing Jamie.
Apparently Jamie was in the neighborhood yesterday and she dropped by because she wanted to drop
some stuff out by the house.
And she texted me.
She's like, hey, are you at home?
I was in the neighborhood and I'm looking at Smoosh through the window.
And he can see me.
And I was like, no, hon, we went out for our.
But she came by later after we were home from dinner.
She has another friend that lives in the neighborhood.
So she was here seeing that person.
So it's not like she made a trip out here for nothing.
But yes, so she got to see Mr. Smoosh yesterday.
So I don't think Mr. Smoosh misses her too much.
So anyway.
All right.
Pixel pockets is happy anniversary to you, too.
Thank you.
I think our real celebration is going to be the cruise that we're going on in March, because
remember, we're going on that Star Trek cruise.
Oh, yeah.
Crap.
I have to figure out what we're doing with the show because I'm going to be gone for
two weeks.
So to be determined, I don't know what's happening with our yet.
We haven't figured that out.
I think we'll probably record in advance the first week and then just not have a show the
second week.
I think it's the only way we can really get around that.
So very excited about that.
All right.
Anyway, back into some more news.
Speaking of obsessive fan creations, Loki, you have something for us, right?
Yes.
So there was a fan made Mother Four game that they had started working on.
I guess it stopped.
They started it, I guess, winter of 2014.
It was going to be like an if not an official, but like a fan mother for.
But then, of course, you know, with the whole season, this is type things.
It stopped being a fan mother for game in twenty seventeen.
And they finally announced their new title for the game called Oddity.
And definitely look, we've got some video.
Yes.
And it definitely has.
It looks a lot like mother and it looks awesome.
The earthbound inspiration is very clear, but it's different.
And especially just that that art style with the.
I love it.
I think I don't like I'm not a huge fan of like Earthbound.
I could be honest, I've never played any Earthbound games.
You really should.
But it looks absolutely awesome.
Like I really would be looking forward to checking this game out.
But so, yeah, it's spun off into its own thing, which I am all for.
You know, yeah.
And it kind of looks like they've added more like cut scenes in that style.
But, you know, Nintendo has really been kind of sleeping on this franchise for whatever reason.
I guess maybe it just didn't sell their expectations or whatever.
So I love that somebody else is coming in and making a game, but it's going to be different enough where now this game could be sold on Steam.
It can be sold on the e-shop.
Nintendo e-shop maybe if Nintendo will take it.
I don't know.
I think they would.
That little police thing was part of the trailer, by the way.
That's not something weird.
I think that might be a tongue-in-cheek joke about Nintendo shutting them down.
I'm not sure.
But, yeah, the way they're like walking around the world and stuff, it looks like a frickin' motherfucker.
It really does.
It does.
Yeah, so I think it looks really awesome.
So, of course, it's still being developed.
They haven't released a, well, in the trailer they actually say it'll be done when it's done.
When it's ready.
Which is completely fair.
Completely fair.
Maybe.
Maybe we'll see it this year.
Maybe next year.
But, I mean, definitely a game that's on my radar now and looks pretty awesome.
So, pretty cool.
And, honestly, like I think, like I know it's fun to make a fan game, you know, sequel to like a Nintendo franchise or anybody's franchise like that.
But, like, sometimes maybe just a spiritual successor or something like that that's not, you know, called Earthbound or something like that.
Or you're not called Mario or whatever.
Might be good enough.
Bobby Blackwolf points out, to be fair, Undertale was an Earthbound fan game too.
Look where that ended up.
True.
That's pretty amazing.
That game ended up being very different from Earthbound though.
Like, I wouldn't play a game like that and think, oh, this is very Earthbound inspired.
Maybe a little bit I might go, oh, I see Earthbound and I see, you know, other classic 80s, you know, RPGs in here.
But with that one, the oddity, I'm like, oh, that's very clearly Earthbound inspired but different enough to not be a ripoff.
Yeah. But, you know, maybe if something like that does really well, you know, like Undertale well, maybe that'll give Nintendo the kick in the pants.
Like, hey, maybe you should, maybe you should listen to all the people screaming at you for Mother 3.
I love the idea of oddity coming out on the Nintendo eShop. Why the fuck not? It's different enough, right?
Don't we have games that look like, I'm trying to think of games that look like something else on the Nintendo eShop now.
Like those retro games that kind of look like old, like Zelda, Zelda, right?
Don't we have like old retro games that look like Zelda like on the eShop?
I'm pretty sure there's something. There's a lot of like, there's a lot of shovelware on eShop.
Bobby Blackwell says Binding of Isaac looks like old Zelda. Thank you. I knew there was like something.
Yeah. So, you know, but there's more than just that too.
So, yeah, there's lots of games that are inspired by other things.
And I mean, that's kind of a trend nowadays is a lot of these retro inspired games.
But as long as the Giana Sisters reboot was on Wii U, great one.
Because that was, for those that know their gaming history, Giana Sisters and it was on the Commodore 64 was too much like Mario and got sued.
And it was a really, and if you go look at old footage of Giana Sisters, you kind of go, oh yeah, it does, it does look a lot like Mario.
So, I mean, yeah, I'm all for them releasing that. At least this way they won't get cease and desist.
All right. Well, moving on to talk about The Witcher. So, this show is doing very well. Have you watched The Witcher show yet?
Have not.
I watched the first 15 minutes before I got a text message that said, hey, come play Final Fantasy 14, we need somebody to do a dungeon.
And so I ended up turning it off. I didn't get very far, but I need to sit down and watch it again.
But yeah, apparently a lot of people are getting into the Netflix series, even though the critics tore it apart.
Apparently it's doing very well with ratings because Netflix never really talks about ratings,
but they did talk about like their most streamed shows of the year.
And like The Witcher was, now they factored in projected data.
So, like it wasn't like in a month The Witcher topped Stranger or topped everything else besides like Stranger Things.
But The Witcher is like one of the top streamed things on Netflix. So, it's doing very well.
And because of that, we're seeing this very interesting effect.
I don't think we usually see when video game properties become movies, right?
It's because usually the game is really popular.
Now we're seeing people that are, you know, tossing their coin to Witcher 3 on the Steam library, O'Valley of Plenty Games.
O'Valley of Plenty Games. So, apparently that's what's happening on Steam right now,
is that The Witcher 3 is more popular than it's ever been, ever, even since the original release.
This has revealed that the studio community lead actually mentioned this on Twitter.
The PC version of The Witcher 3 broke its record for the most number of concurrent players.
94,000 people playing on December 29th.
The game was 8th in Steam's top 10 games by player count.
So, it's like all these people are seeing the show and now they want to go check out the game as a result of the show.
Even though the show is based on the books, but the games are also based on the books.
So, there's some crossover there.
Like, you know, the bard that is a meme right now was in the games.
Maybe it might make the games easier to understand.
Like, I could tell you if there was maybe a Kingdom Hearts TV show that I could understand the story of Kingdom Hearts.
I might be more inclined to play Kingdom Hearts.
Even though I should.
Well, what should really excite you, in my opinion.
You know, even though some critics toured The Witcher apart, and I hear other people that are like,
I think it's great. I have co-workers that are like, yeah, it's filling a void that Games of Thrones left.
And I feel like that's part of the reason why the show is doing so popular because there's no Game of Thrones anymore.
And even though HBO is supposedly working on other stuff, there's like nothing to fill that void.
And I think The Witcher is filling that for a lot of people.
Even if some people don't think it's, you know, the critics don't clearly think it's as good, but it doesn't matter what they think.
If the fans are there to support it, you know, they're going to.
In a way that critics don't always praise every superhero movie that comes out, but audiences typically do.
Depends, of course, what movie we're talking about here.
But in Marvel's case, you know, Marvel always does very well at the box office.
Well, I've got good news for Bobby Blackwell.
Okay.
Is that, you know, if you are a fan of TV shows and then going and playing the games based on those TV shows as well,
you'll be happy to know that Ni No Kuni, the movie, comes out on January 16th on Netflix.
Very good. Very good, yes.
And that's a demo you can pass.
And Dragon Quest has something coming too, like a movie or something that's coming to Netflix.
But what should be very exciting, and this is the point I was trying to make a minute ago, with The Witcher.
So the studio that did The Witcher also did The Expanse, which has done very well.
And they had announced, and we talked about this on the show, but at the time we were kind of like,
Oh, this Witcher show's probably not going to be a big deal. Oops.
I remember seeing that.
But, well, I think at the time we kind of lost over.
But the other project they're working on, folks, is the adaptation of Final Fantasy XIV.
Now, we don't know if that's for Netflix.
I don't know how that's going to work.
I'm fucking jazzed about it. Are you kidding?
Now that I've, you know, even with what little bit I've seen of The Witcher and how well it's been received
and knowing that The Expanse is pretty well received too, I am psyched that they're doing Final Fantasy XIV.
And I don't know what part, I don't know if they're going to do a story that is separate from what's happening in the games,
because I could definitely see that.
And for those that are about to talk about Dad of Light on Netflix, that is a completely different thing
where Final Fantasy XIV was a plot device.
That is not, like, we're talking about something set in that world.
So I don't know if this is going to be a separate thing that's going on concurrently with the game,
or if it's going to try to cover the story of the games.
I don't know, but it could be very, very interesting.
So, yeah.
Bobby Blackwell says, The Witcher, Expanse crossover confirmed.
Witcher in space, Geralt in space.
Toss a coin to your Witcher, oh asteroid of plenty.
Wasn't, I do believe, and I want to say, like, I saw something about Cyberpunk.
I believe that there is some Witcher Cyberpunk crossover stuff that happened.
Really?
Like, I want to say, like, they had, like, a character from The Witcher in Cyberpunk or something like that.
The female characters, I don't remember, I remember seeing our work.
I don't know if it's, like, it's probably, it's obviously not the same character,
because completely different timelines and universes, but, I don't know, maybe.
All right, a few more news stories for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week,
and then we're going to go right from there into our listener roundtable,
and also tackle some of the emails we've got this week.
So, yeah, it's, we only have half the size show roll we usually do,
just because of the holiday week still being here.
But, for now, we have a couple more stories. Loki?
So, Game Pass, of course, getting lots of new games all the time,
and one of my favorite games, Grand Theft Auto V, is now part of that wonderful package.
So, it's, I believe, I'm not sure if it's playable on console, if you have,
I don't believe they have the PC version playable as part of Game Pass,
but I know it is on the console version, so,
worth checking out if you haven't checked it out yet, because,
why wouldn't you have checked it out yet? It's Grand Theft Auto V, it's awesome.
I'm looking right at you.
Well, it's now on Game Pass, so it's going to be very hard to ignore it,
but do you think they're putting it out just so they can make money on the online component?
Oh, God, yes.
Yeah, I'm sure that's what it is.
Of course, yeah, the price of the game has been, like, really low for a long time.
Bobby does want to remind us it's console only.
That's what I said, it's console only.
Yeah, so not the PC version, at least not yet.
Yeah, I don't think that they're doing the PC part of that, but it's been so cheap.
I mean, honestly, if you're going to get it on PC, you could.
PC version's good because of all the mods you can do to it,
but yeah, I mean, console version's pretty awesome.
It's worth checking out, Grand Theft Auto Online.
I found it to be a little heavy-handed with the monetization, but it was all right.
All right.
Well, moving on to some more news this week,
and this is sad news, but Sid Mead has passed away this week at the age of 86.
What did Sid Mead have to do with video games?
Not a lot directly.
There were some games, he was kind of like the Cyber Race games,
but not a lot of games you've probably heard of,
but when it came to movies, he was somebody that worked on movies like Blade Runner and Tron.
He was a concept artist.
So, like, the world of Tron and what that looked like,
a lot of that was from the mind of Sid Mead.
And so, if you look at Blade Runner was another big one.
He also did When Star Trek came to the movies, did that, Alien.
So, like, a lot of these movies that really shaped sci-fi,
a lot of that was Sid Mead's vision.
And that did come into play with video games later on
because, seriously, take a look at his concept art
and put it side by side with what a game like Mass Effect looks like,
and you're going to see the similarities there.
So, even if Sid Mead maybe didn't have a huge impact on video games directly,
he still had a huge impact on video games conceptually and artistically.
So, we take a moment to recognize his contributions
and, unfortunately, talk about that he has passed away this week at the age of 86.
But that's a pretty good age.
So, rest in peace.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Some folks in chat, Questbuster says Sid Mead designed the aliens in Wing Commander 5.
He also consulted on the Blade Runner point-and-click game from Westwood Studios.
He had some games of his own, but those didn't do too well.
Loved his imagination.
He did have some gaming contributions, but I think his movie contributions
and then how that influenced what happens with games was probably a lot bigger.
So, probably what a lot more people are going to know him for.
All right. Well, let's talk about some classic games.
We're going to take a trip down memory lane and jump into the gaming vault
and find a classic game of the week.
Usually Dark Sakura would step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you guys should be checking this game out this week,
but I'm going to fill in this week just because I didn't have a lot of notice,
so I just was like, I didn't have time to interview anybody.
So, I was like, all right, I'll jump in and pick a game.
And it's kind of hard to find a game.
We've been doing this segment a long time.
This is episode 805.
We've been doing this segment since episode 250.
That's nearly 600 classic games.
I think we've only accidentally repeated like two or three times,
and they were accidents all those times.
So, or maybe like a soundtrack for you.
But, you know, you guys know what I mean.
We've done very, but somehow we did not do this game.
So, this is a game that I'm going to pick for this week,
and the game I'm going to talk about is Crystal Castles.
Not to be confused with the band.
I'm pretty sure the band got their name from this video game,
but I want to talk about the video game because,
and the reason why I picked this is that this is one of the first video games
I actually have a memory of playing this game.
I remember playing this at Chuck E. Cheese Pizza
when I had to step on a box to be able to reach.
Do you remember that as a kid?
You had to step on the booster box so you could actually reach the controller,
which was a spinny ball.
You used a track ball to be able to control this game,
which was not really something that was heard of for a lot of games back in the day.
I mean, there were others like Missile Commander and stuff,
but Crystal Castles is definitely one of my favorites.
So Crystal Castles was released in the arcades by Atari in 1983.
You play as a character named Bentley Bear,
and the object is to collect gems on these 3D kind of maps.
Part of the game's art style was very unique.
You didn't see a lot of games like it at the time.
It is an action game.
You've got to get through there quickly.
If you're too slow, the bees are going to come out.
And not the bees, not the bees,
and the bees will sting you if you get too close to them.
Crystal Castles has nine levels, and there's four castles each.
There is a bonus tenth level if you get past everything.
There's a map called The End.
It's the tenth level with just one.
There's the bees!
There's the bees, not the bees!
You clear the entire game if you're able to beat that tenth board.
So there is an ending, which at the time in 1983,
there wasn't a lot of video games that had an ending either.
So it was a little bit new.
It wasn't the first, but there wasn't a lot of games with this.
Also, you'll notice that the little song that plays in the background,
it's The Nutcracker Suite.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
That's The Nutcracker.
So that's the song that plays when it...
I should have picked this as a Christmas game.
Oh well, a late Christmas title.
So anyway, Bentley Baron can jump,
and of course you use the trackball to get the different gems.
That's what you have, a trackball and a jump button.
You pick up gems by walking over them,
and once you get the last gem, you get a bonus.
But there are enemies that are also trying to get the gems,
and you get a lower bonus if they get the last gem.
And you get a weird version of the theme that goes,
doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
It's a really sad version of the theme.
Enemies, you can try and avoid them.
You can also run over some of them, like the little gem eaters.
If you run over them when they're eating a gem,
you can actually destroy them, which is kind of neat.
So at the beginning of a maze, you get one point for each gem,
and that value keeps going up to a maximum of 99.
There are hats and honeypots,
and that gives you the ability to be able to actually defeat
certain enemies in the game.
There's trees and all this other stuff, too.
So I think I've described the game well enough.
Let's talk about some Easter eggs.
If you jump 100 times in the southeast corner of level 1
and then you clear the maze of gems,
Atari will appear on level 2.
That's it.
On level 5-4, if you kill the witch, Brithilda,
and you get to the corner of the area where she was and you jump,
you will see the initials FXL.
That is a designer of Crystal Castles, Franz X. Lanzinger,
because remember, this was back in the age when developers
would sneak themselves into games.
Crystal Castles used a chip called the Lita chip
and a custom trackball controller.
The original name of Bentley Bear was Braveheart Bear,
but apparently some advocates for Native Americans
complained about this name, so they changed the name of that,
which is an interesting fact I never realized before.
Crystal Castles was ported to all sorts of systems.
The Apple II, Atari 2600, Atari 8-bit...
I was going to say, the Apple II is what I played this on.
The Electron, the ZX Spectrum, the Amstrad CPC.
I mean, you name it in the 80s,
you think we have a lot of consoles now,
but there was a ton of them in the 80s,
and Crystal Castles was on just about all of them.
There's actually two versions on the Commodore 64.
There was a prototype by Atarisoft that wasn't released,
and then it was purchased by U.S. Gold and released,
and then there was a ThunderVision version.
It's kind of interesting there's like two...
I'm surprised we haven't seen Atari try to bring this back.
Well, since you bring that up,
you can pick it up in some different anthologies.
Crystal Castles exists in Atari Anniversary Edition,
as well as the Atari Vault, which is on Steam,
and you play it with a mouse, which isn't the same as a trackball,
but it's about the closest you're going to be able to get.
Also, did you ever play Atari Karts on the Atari Jaguar?
Probably not, but Bentley Bear is one of the characters in that game,
and Bentley Bear made a cameo in Wreck-It Ralph.
So, there it is, your classic game of the week, Crystal Castles,
one of my earliest gaming memories,
and just a game I think is really cool.
For its age, remember, 1983,
there really weren't a lot of games like it.
It was a very unique sort of thing in the arcade.
You know when I've recently played this?
On the arcade 1UP Centipede cabinet,
because they have Crystal Castles in there.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, speaking of those arcade 1UP cabinets,
and actually I should go ahead and point out,
we're going to open up Discord here shortly,
so if you want to join us, you can via the listener roundtable in Discord.
You just go to vognetwork.com slash Discord,
and you can join the green room,
and we'll be getting to some of those calls shortly.
I would love to hear from some of you that went to MAGFest,
because I couldn't go this year.
Not that I'm saying you have to, but I would love to hear from some of you.
But anyway, so you were talking about the 1UP cabinets.
So did you know? I didn't even know this was a thing now.
So we were at Target, because sometimes when you're bored, you go shopping at Target,
and we saw now not only do they have the...
Well, Target didn't have the arcade ones.
They have bar top machines now,
and they're only $199.
They're a little cheaper, and they're already pre-made.
Well, the full-sized ones are $199, too.
Oh, do those drop in price?
A lot of those did.
Oh, I thought they were still $300.
Yeah, that's why I've looked at the bar tops.
For $200, I might be tempted to finally...
Well, we'll see. We'll see.
But anyway, the bar top I was looking at was only...
They had two.
They had a Pac-Man, and I was like, oh, and a Ms. Pac...
No, Pac and Pal.
So it was Pac-Man and Pac and Pal.
And then the other one was Galaxian and Galaga.
Yeah.
And I was like, I'm not really that...
And then you can see on the back there are others.
They just weren't at that Target.
There's like a Dig Dug and a Dig Dug 2.
I thought that one was probably the most interesting for me.
But none of the collections really excited me.
They didn't seem to have as many games as the stand-up ones do.
Yeah, and especially nowadays, you can even find some stores closing out the Ninja Turtles cabinet.
The four-player one for $199 as well.
So you have to get lucky.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, apparently at Consumer Electronics Show,
we're going to see Pinball FX arcade one-up cabinets.
Three fourth-size digital pinball tables.
Well, those arcade one-up machines must be doing very well
because it seems like they're cranking them out now.
So that's cool.
Yeah, pinball will be cool.
Yeah, it really will be.
So let me check in on Discord and see if anybody is waiting to come on the show
because I was bad and I didn't set that up.
Yes, we do have one caller waiting.
So let's get to it.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on, everyone?
It is Ranma.
Hey, not much.
Sorry if there's a little echo back for those listening.
I'm trying to fix that in studio.
What's up, buddy?
Not too much.
First of all, let me start with Happy New Year.
Thank you very much.
You're the first caller of the decade, Ranma.
Woohoo!
How was your holiday?
Did you have a good one?
It was good.
We had a 1960s-style New Year's Eve party, so that was kind of fun.
Oh, that does sound kind of fun.
I saw a lot of people did, like, Roaring Twenties kind of parties for, you know,
like Flapper Girls and that whole sort of thing.
Their theme was a couple of cosplayers.
I know they did, like, a whole Sailor Moon Princesses Roaring Twenties theme.
I'm just like, that's really cool.
And my friend who was running the party, I was like, well, why didn't we do this?
And she said, well, we did a Roaring Twenties party a few years ago.
And I'm like, so we do a 2.0, you know?
Yeah, you can recycle themes.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Well, what was on your mind tonight that you wanted to call in about?
Well, I will say that there was a Roaring Twenties themed party at MAGFest this year.
But I will also say that, believe it or not, I'm actually enjoying my Switch a lot more
than I thought I would.
Wait, did you go to MAG this year?
No, I couldn't do it.
But if VOG is going next year, Anime Jam Session will follow right behind.
It's upgraded from not going to happen to I'm trying to make it happen.
The only kind of sticking point is something that actually Bobby brought up on his show
as a sticking point for me, too.
Because I'm new at my job, I have the lowest amount of seniority on the team.
So the weekend that they're doing MAGFest continues to be a challenge because that's
still during the holiday period, which a lot of people have off.
But most people take the time between Christmas and New Year's Day off.
There's not a lot to take right after New Year's Day.
So if the timing works out and I'm able to get the time off for it, but I have the least
seniority on the team, so I get like last pick.
Things like Labor Day, like for Dragon Con, that's easy peasy because most people on the
team have kids that are going back to school.
They're not going on vacation that week.
So I get that.
And other stuff is really easy for me.
The holidays can be a little harder, but it's on the gonna try list for next year.
I definitely hear that because of Leap Year, most likely MAGFest will be the same as New
Year's Eve weekend.
So you know they're going to party like it's no other tomorrow, you know?
I'm really not a fan.
That may actually, I can say this definitively.
I already have a show commitment.
I'm hosting a show on New Year's Eve.
I can already say that for this coming year.
So if MAGFest is New Year's Eve, I can't do it.
Yeah, because one year MAGFest was the same weekend as New Year's Eve and they just went
all out for it.
Oh gosh, I really hope not.
Anyway, so I'm sorry.
What were we trying to get you to talk about?
What did you want to talk about besides MAGFest?
I was going to say I'm really enjoying my Switch a lot more than I thought I would.
And why is that?
I don't know.
I just kept saying that my Switch will be a stay-at-home console.
I will play it sparingly.
It's just another system to me.
And then what I said on Facebook, I got a Switch.
Here's my code.
I've come to the realization that I have more friends with Switches than PlayStation 4s
and Xbox Ones.
And I'm just sitting here going, remember when everybody had the Wii and it was either
a Wii 60 or a PS Wii household?
I remember you mentioned that once.
And I'm realizing that now it's becoming people either have the Xbox Switch household or PlayStation
Switch household or both.
So the Switch has become like the console that basically almost everybody has now.
I would say there's still, I mean, I guess maybe I'm just crazy because I have all those
consoles, but I think there is definitely some truth to what you're saying.
I think, you know, some folks have one of the big consoles and then they also have the
Nintendo Switch.
You know, it's kind of like a secondary console, but for more and more people, especially in
this quiet year where not a lot is happening with PlayStation.
Yes, I realize we have Last of Us 2 and Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
It's not exactly a totally quiet year, but you guys know what I mean.
We're in that kind of lull before the PlayStation 5.
So I think more and more people are like actively using their Switch.
Yeah.
And during the holidays at work, it's been like a lull.
So there's not many support tickets coming in.
Next thing you know, we actually now have a Switch Fight Club on Fridays.
And also one person brings in their console.
We're all playing Smash Brothers, either hooked up to the big screen TV or to somebody's
work monitor.
And we're just, hey, it's 12 o'clock at lunchtime.
Grab your controllers, you know?
Yeah.
So that's cool.
I like that you can kind of do that at work.
So my industry and my coworkers, I'm lucky now that I have Pokemon Go raids because my
building is right in front of a gym.
So sometimes if I look in the Citi Discord, I'll see that there's a thing there and there's
actually coworkers that all raid that gym with something good pops.
So that's about as good as I can get.
I mean, I ain't gonna lie.
I think it was like Wednesday before New Year's.
The supervisors and the managers left and we're all just sitting here.
I just pulled up my Switch, sat on my desk, pushed my chair all the way down,
reclined all the way back and just started playing some Mario Kart.
I wish I could, but my role involves working on projects.
So I always kind of have something to do and I'm not customer driven in that regard.
So I can't really do that, but that's cool.
I mean, hey, maybe I should be doing that type of thing on lunch, but I don't know.
We get out walk on lunches.
That's the thing to do.
I mean, why not both?
I mean, you got lunch, breakout, ring fit adventure.
Get the whole office into it.
I do the GPS gaming while we walk.
That's when I play my Pokemon or something.
So there is that.
Which reminds me because of Loki talking about it.
I downloaded that Orna game.
So I'm going to try it out tomorrow and see how much I like it.
All right. Good luck to you.
All I can say is that is in chat right now.
And I'll say, look at what you've done.
Like the Orna creators owe you a lot of money.
So.
All right.
Well, anything else on your mind, my friend?
No, that's it.
All right.
Well, take care.
Have a great 2020.
Looking forward to anime jam session being back.
And yeah, have a great one.
We'll be back next week.
And we got a lot of stuff to cover and enjoy the new decade and make it so.
Sounds good.
Will do.
I'll be making it.
So March 1st.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
All right.
If you want to call in, head over to our green room over at vog network dot com slash discord.
I actually have some emails to read.
So every week you guys can email us at participate at orange lounge radio dot com.
And we jump into the mailbag and read our favorite emails, which we only have one this week.
I will point out we did get a spam email and this is what cracked me up.
So we got to I'm not going to say what it's.
Well, it's a it's a podcast related service, but I can tell you who it is or what services.
But we got spam email.
But this cracked me up.
You ready?
Ready for the opening line?
Yes.
Now.
Hi.
I've noticed that your podcast is really starting to gain traction.
I mean, that is it is accurate.
Doing it for a long time, but it's 17 years.
We're just we're just finally starting to get notice.
Hey, we got noticed by the spammer guy.
I'm so excited.
Anyway.
Oh, Bobby says, I got the same email.
Oh, I'm glad they they must have visited our Web site.
Start hitting us all up.
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
We have a much better non spam email from or is it a spam email?
I don't know.
From Redertainment who emailed us this week.
Hello, peoples.
Recently, I've made the decision to switch to using Spotify for listening to the podcast.
Previously, I was using the iOS podcast app and have now joined the growing horde of people
who see that app as a goddamn motherfucking piece of goddamn shit.
That is what it says.
All apps all run together.
Exclamation points.
Cool.
Most of the podcasts that I was previously listening to are available on Spotify with
one notable exception.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Is there a reason for this?
Stay care.
Redertainment.
I'm sort of I was holding off for reasons that have nothing to do with Spotify.
I like Spotify.
I use it myself.
There's other reasons.
I'm hoping that some of those things will get kind of moving.
Basically, long story short, we're going to be moving where the podcast is.
This is something I've been talking about for like a year, and it's one of those things
where I like we just really need to like get up and do it.
It's kind of one of those I want to use like some of the creative things you're talking
about behind the scene and kind of like just all do it at once like a big Band-Aid ripoff
OLR 2020 type of thing.
I'm hoping that is something that's going to happen in a matter of weeks, not months.
So that's all because I don't want Spotify to point to an old feed and the old feeds
not there anymore because I'm already like deathly worried that we're going to lose the
Apple side of things.
But I'm just yeah.
Anyway, I'm talking a little bit in the weeds.
I think we have some mechanisms in place that that doesn't happen.
Yeah, that's why we're not on Spotify yet.
I've really been adding us to any podcast directories.
I'm trying to decide if maybe when we change, I might be willing to forgive Stitcher.
If you think if you want OLR back on Stitcher, send me a tweet or something
that lets me know that because if I don't hear anything, I'm not going to bother.
But if there's really enough of you out there that are listening on that and you really want OLR in there,
I'll think about it.
My problem with them, if you forgot, is that for the longest time they stopped updating their feed
with our episodes and people were emailing us going, did you guys quit OLR?
And it's like, oh, my God, no.
And you can't like stop.
Like I was really this is why we're just now gaining traction.
That's why we're just now gaining traction.
Exactly.
That's why I got very irritated with Stitcher for those reasons and others.
There's terrible support behind the scenes.
But I understand they've switched owners probably three times since then.
So I don't know. We'll see. We'll see.
So.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, my favorite part of that spam email was he asked me to reply with my RSS feed.
He sent it to my email address that is only available on my RSS feed.
Funny.
All right.
She Hulk says, put it up on Mixer and YouTube.
Jury's out on that one, because keep in mind that subscribing to our VoG network channel here on Twitch is how you get access to the video feed.
So we want there to be some car is how you get excuse me, the video on demand so you can watch it when you're not live.
I'd be open to maybe a delay or maybe like because part of the Twitch contractor would have to be a delay anyway.
And this is not a secret. Everybody knows this.
In the affiliate agreement, I might be open to like a six week or a month delay to YouTube.
But that is something I'll have to talk over with Bobby and the other creative minds at VoG and figure out if there's a consensus on that.
So hope that's fair. So.
All right.
Swang Tong says, well, they finally took you off on Stitcher.
I stopped listening because I thought you quit.
Yeah, I kind of had to email him and demand it.
Like I hated to be like one of those, like, can I speak to the manager?
But I thought it was kind of messed up. It was really messed up.
So anyway, that was it from entertainment.
This message brought to you by me totally understanding of dark soccer.
Didn't want to yell out the long string of expletives I used earlier.
Well, lucky you that I read the email tonight, isn't it?
So anyway, if you guys have emails for a future week, participate at orange lounge.
Trader dot com is the place to do so.
Do we have any last minute stories?
Yes, you had a couple of things we didn't squeeze.
Yes, I did have one thing that I just noticed.
So remember why? Well, not a while back, but like within the last week or so,
we talked about the brand new PlayStation four dual shock back button attachment
that they had where you can do you can attach those programmable back buttons to it.
Well, as our initial thought might be, hey, this might be something tied to the PlayStation five.
Well, sure enough, come out brand new patent for the dual shock five and it's got back buttons.
Did that just come out this evening? That came out this week.
I forgot about it. I was like, I don't remember reading about that.
OK. Yeah. So they've got. Yeah, it's going to be some back buttons.
And I don't know if they're also programmable, but that's why at least.
So, you know, you now know that those back buttons were there for a reason.
Makes sense. So I saw that coming. That's it.
All right. Well, I think with that, we're going to go ahead and close up shop.
So I'm sorry to those that didn't get through tonight, but please email us.
Participate at Orange Laundry dot com is the place to send an email if you want to get through in a future week.
But I think just with it being a holiday week and I keep saying it's going to be a shorter show.
I think this one is going to be a shorter show tonight. So that's it.
And that's it. Thank you again for being here, despite everything else going on out there tonight with the awesome games and the Globes.
And many of you are coming back from MagFest and you're just like, I'm going to bed.
I completely understand. So thanks for being here.
But many of you I know are listening on the podcast feed throughout the week as an as a result.
So thank you to all of you as well. Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the show tonight.
Thank you guys for listening. If you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here, we can't hear them. A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever you found this podcast.
That all goes an awful long way. That being said, Loki, your final thoughts tonight.
Still working on my game. It's kind of hard, though, with all the kids demanding.
Like I tried to work on it yesterday and today and just every two minutes.
It's just I need this. I need something. I need something. I need something. I need something. And that's just the whole family.
It's like I can't focus long enough to actually work on something.
It's annoying. So I get like two hours a week. I help someone else debug their game, you know,
because I got irritated that they were talking about how they run into this.
I'm like, just let me look at it. I can fix it, I bet. And then sure enough, I did.
All right. Well, that's that's it. We're done. We're wrapped up for tonight.
My final thought would be, you know, we're sitting on a January, the first show of the year.
It's going to be a very exciting year for games. There's a lot of good stuff coming out.
I think I would just say, have fun with it. Video games are fun, people. Keep it fun. Have fun.
Gaming is for everyone. That's my final thought. I think we'll leave it on that note.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all over again. Have a great gaming week.
We're excited for everybody to be back at work and gaming news to come out again this next week.
So we'll talk about, there's probably gonna be a lot of it, too, because it'll be built up over the holiday weeks.
Hopefully. We'll see. We'll be back to talk about whatever it is in seven days.
Until then, have a great week. Happy gaming. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
