Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, not live tonight for a special bonus stage episode,
but this is the episode that will be airing at our Twitch channel on March the 1st of 2020.
So happy March! We're kind of fast-forwarding in time.
We're doing the time warp again with myself, Rob Roberts, and over there, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi. Hi, how are you? My brain is pulp.
I know, we all had to work today. Usually when we do this show, we don't have to work, like, earlier in the day, but today we had to work.
I'm in the middle of training. Oh, fun! That's my job. Sort of.
It's so funny that, like, because I normally work 4x10, and I'm working 5x8 this week,
I'm only three days in, and I'm more tired than I would have been on a normal work day.
I'm hoping at some point I can switch my schedule to 4x10, because that's a thing we're allowed to do,
but just, you know, it hasn't logistically made sense yet.
But I at least wore my death metal shirt today, which was awesome.
Awesome. Alright, and also say hello to TechMasterLoki. Hello.
Who's dressed up in a little button-down shirt like me? I have a gamer shirt under it.
I do that too. I wear a lot of gamer shirts, except I don't remember what I have on today.
I think it's just a plain one, but a lot of times I wear gamer t-shirts and stuff underneath.
Okay, there you go. So we're all, I know you can't see it unless you're on our Twitch channel.
You just happen to be there Sunday night, because we do usually tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific,
9 o'clock Eastern, right after Bobby Black Wolf at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vognetwork,
also available at vognetwork.com. Our next live show, we will return on March 15th.
But I, how dare I, I booked a cruise, as I've been saying on the show for the past few weeks,
so I'm going to be gone for a little bit. And I think, Jamie, you said you're going to a sister's thing one of these nights as well, right?
I thought that was a thing. Maybe I made that up. No, that's in April. Okay, well.
But I might be going to a GDC after party. Well, there you go. Oh, so GDC is still happening.
I've been hearing in the news this week that more and more companies are back. I think it's more stats.
I'm just going to go to the parties, but it's a Sony party, so I don't know if that got cancelled.
But I got a confirmation about it today. It's like the LGBT inclusion party.
Cool. And no, it's sponsored by Microsoft. Never mind. But that's that's quite the mix up, my friend.
I can't brain. I have the Lurgy. It was the it was the Nintendo PlayStation box.
I used up all my logic, learning logic. It's fine. It's fine. Anyway, where was I?
I went on a tangent. I was talking about how Loki and I kind of look different on the feed today just because we're kind of we're doing this right after work.
So it's like any different. Well, no, because you're the voice. You're the voice off camera.
You're the mystery. But I'm actually not wearing anything different than what I would normally wear anyway, because my work doesn't have a dress code.
Yeah, you're you're well, we OK. We legit do not have a dress.
It says in our H.R. that there is no dress code.
Well, the dress code where I'm at is basically make good choices. But here's what it's really about.
I'm wearing slightly nicer clothes because I can't wear anything that is going to go on the cruise with us.
So like my jeans, I can't wear. So I have to wear like the nice because we're not going to the tropics.
I'm not bringing this as much as I like this button up. Sure. It's one of my favorites. Not taking this all the way to the Bahamas.
So I'm kind of wearing these clothes now because the other ones are starting to where we're actually packing, not the night before.
I'm very proud of Alan and I. We've already started the packing process. So, yeah.
So some of my clothes are already packed, basically. So otherwise I would wear like jeans or something more.
I think I owe exactly three button ups and two of them are flannel. But you got one on now is a flannel.
Yeah, that's good. All right. Anyway, enough about fashion.
Let's talk about video games because we are going to talk about some of the things that have happened so far in this week.
We're about halfway through the week when we're taping this show. But again, this show is going to air on Twitch on March 1st.
So some big things may have happened, but it may not have happened yet at the night we're taping this.
So if we missed a headline or two, we'll catch up on all the big stories when we return live on March 15th over on Twitch.
But for now, let's talk about one of the bigger stories that's happened so far this week and it has to do with Xbox Series X, a Microsoft story.
Microsoft actually put out a new blog post that's teasing some more features.
It's starting to tease a little more about what's really inside it and so forth.
So for example, I think this is actually a new confirmation, 12 teraflops of GPU performance.
Of course, I have no idea. How does one measure a teraflop?
I don't know.
Five hundred thirty-five thousand floppy minutes? I don't know.
It's a processor. It's how fast it processes information, but I don't know.
You said you saw some post earlier.
There was someone that was posting something saying it was about as powerful as 165 Gamecubes or something like that.
And they had like a picture, like a graphic of Gamecubes taped together.
But it still wasn't as powerful as it. It was like close. It was like twelve something.
So you can maybe run 164 different windows with Smash Brothers Melee on it, but not 165.
That's too many.
165 Gamecubes, that's like the size of the original Xbox.
So they are saying four times more powerful than the Xbox One.
And it's got some pretty nice specs in it.
Yeah, NVMe SSD, which we kind of knew about the SSD already, which is going to help speed up load times.
Although I'm also hearing that the SSD, because I was seeing a different story,
kind of a somewhat unrelated story about how Sony is struggling with cost issues on the PlayStation 5.
Now obviously nothing's confirmed. This is all like rumor stuff from investor forecasters and things like that.
But apparently the SSD supply issue is something that's coming into question.
And I don't know if that's related to COVID or if that's because of just certain technological parts kind of go in and out of demand.
Like remember when everybody was buying up the graphic cards for fucking Bitcoin?
Yeah, all that stuff. So I don't know if the SSD is something like that.
They're popular.
Yeah, perhaps. But anyway, so Xbox Series X is planning to have the NVMe SSD.
Now what also was very interesting and probably one of the highlights of the post that people were spreading around was their technology, if you want, called Smart Delivery.
That's how they're branding it.
And so Smart Delivery is you buy the game once and you play the best version possible either on the Series X or the Xbox One.
So for example, Halo Infinite. Let's say you're not ready to buy Xbox Series X because maybe it's going to be an expensive console.
And usually, especially when this last generation of games wasn't readily backwards compatible, Xbox One got there eventually.
But remember it launched when Phil Spencer wasn't CEO. It launched without backwards compatibility and it never came to PlayStation 4.
So right now there's a lot of mindset out there that if you buy a console, you don't get to play your old games again.
Or, well, I'm going to wait and just buy this on a new console.
It's kind of going to be changing the way of thinking because now if I'm not ready to buy the Xbox Series X yet, but I buy Halo Infinite now for my Xbox One,
I'll be able to play it on Xbox Series X. Not only just play the same version, but play the enhanced version.
Yeah, I've got to wonder if that's going to go away at some point.
I don't think so because honestly, this is how it kind of should work because that's how PCs.
This has been a strong argument in favor of PCs. You upgrade your graphics card and your game plays better.
But eventually, game performance, like PCs, eventually that lower end keeps going up and up and up.
I see, so eventually the game can't really be made for Xbox One anymore.
Yes.
Well, I wonder if that's where they're going to start, and they haven't said this yet, but I wonder if that's where they're going to start relying on cloud.
So this game doesn't run on the Xbox One, but we'll run it through the cloud.
Maybe.
And I wonder if that's the ultimate answer we end up with for Microsoft.
Maybe by the time we get to that point, you know.
Smart, they are also saying it's not necessarily going to be for every title. They can only really guarantee it for their titles.
So the company says Smart Delivery will be standard for Xbox Game Studio titles, and it'll be available for third party developers to implement.
I believe Cyberpunk has already come out and said they will be one of those games that supports the Smart Delivery.
So some third parties are already getting on this, but it's not guaranteed.
And I especially imagine in the indie universe it might be a little trickier.
You know, I don't know how...
Well, and also some of those might not necessarily be making an enhanced version as well, so it might be easier for them, who knows.
Very true.
Some other features they're talking about with Xbox Series X, they want to do a quick resume capability, which will let you jump back into multiple titles from where you left off.
Now you can kind of do this right now on Xbox One and PlayStation 4, they're kind of the same.
And Switch.
Oh yeah, and Switch, right?
Well, where my brain goes on PlayStation 4 is it's really good with multitasking one game and a TV service.
So for example, I've been mentioning on the show the past couple of weeks I've been playing a lot of No Man's Sky, right?
Well, what I might do is when I'm sick of playing No Man's Sky and I just want to veg on the couch and surf my phone, maybe I'll switch to Twitch and I'll watch one of my streamer buddies on Twitch.
Well, then when I go back to No Man's Sky, I pick up right where I left off. It picks up the suspend, so it doesn't have to reload my save file, because the save files take a long time to load in that game.
So I go right back to where I left off, which is kind of nice.
So imagine you could do that, but with multiple games. Like you have your Halo is suspended here, your Cyberpunk is suspended here, Ori is suspended here, you can kind of go back and forth.
That's kind of neat.
I don't think it's a game changer, but it's kind of one of those, again, well, when you minimize a window in Windows or Mac, whatever, but I say Windows because Microsoft does Windows.
I see more and more cross.
I mean, I just hope it works better than loading multiple games at one time because that usually tanks performance because you have multiple games running at the same time.
True, very true.
But, I mean, it's not a deal breaker if it didn't work like that. My expectation is as long as it works like it does now, then that's fine.
And then one other thing that they talked about in the blog post is Dynamic Latency Input, or DLI, inside the wireless controller to reduce the delay between the buttons you're pressing and what appears on the screen.
So what they're trying to do is basically make the connection between the Bluetooth controller that you use and the TV instantaneous, basically, which I don't feel like it's really been a problem.
You can play music games on wireless controllers and it's fine.
You might have to adjust the timing or whatever, but it's usually pretty good.
So I wonder if they are trying to narrow that down, though, to help with the cloud.
I imagine it's not something that's going to be as noticeable in your living room as it will be for the cloud.
Because, again, in my limited use of Google Stadia, although I've played a few things, it finally ran out.
So I don't have Google Stadia Pro anymore. It ran out, right?
I didn't re-up it for three more months, which, by the way, you're automatically subscribed when you sign up for it.
So turn it off. You don't have to talk to anybody or call anybody. You just have to go in and turn it off, or it's going to re-sub.
And it might have already done that for you. Just check, unless you want to keep it.
But anyway, with Stadia, I've played things like Thumper, which is kind of a music horror game, I believe they describe it as, right?
It plays fine, which is the most impressive part of Stadia's technology in many ways, is that there really is an input lag.
So I wonder if this is kind of part of that as well. So it's neat, and it sounds like a cool direction for Microsoft.
And that's really all I have to say about these updates. But what I think is also notable about all of this is that it's keeping Microsoft's name out there.
It's getting the blog posts written about them and so forth. And on the other side, Sony, still kind of a question mark.
Which I don't think is the end of the world. I really feel like we were doing the same song and dance.
Who wants to do a song and dance?
That's a very different show.
Some people are into that.
Stay tuned. Late nights at ball game work. Just kidding. We don't want to get banned from Twitch.
But the same old song and dance when it was the Nintendo Switch, because I'm almost positive.
We were like, when's Nintendo going to show it? When are they going to fucking show it?
Like, are they ever going to announce this goddamn thing? And then they finally did, like, six weeks before it came out.
And it was, they didn't have a problem.
Yeah.
And Sony has followed in the path of Nintendo on a couple things. I would say the Nintendo Directs being one of them.
And changing their E3 strategy. Although we know Nintendo still does E3, they don't do conferences at E3 anymore.
So do you think they'll announce after Microsoft, like, especially when Microsoft announces price points and stuff, just to kind of like undercut them?
I do think Sony's waiting to hear the price because now this is a rumor.
But the rumor is that when that E3 happened all those years ago, when, you know, Sony basically punched Xbox in the kidney after, you know, their performance.
And undercut them by $100 and had all those videos about that.
The rumor is that Sony had three presentations ready to go at three different prices.
And they were waiting for Microsoft to reveal theirs before they revealed, because, and they, it was the night, the next day.
So it was like Microsoft did like Monday or whatever, and Sony was on Tuesday.
So once they heard Microsoft's price, they made a decision Tuesday morning, this is the price, and they went with that presentation.
But they had three presentations ready to go.
One was $100 higher and the other was $100 lower. I don't know how that would have played out, but yeah.
So, interesting, huh?
Anyway, that is a rumor, but it's one of those, if we want to, on this very special bonus episode of Orange Lawn's radio, as much as I hate what this has turned into,
if we want to bring back the plausibility scale for a night, the fact that Sony had three different presentations ready to go and they picked after Microsoft went,
I would give a mostly green light on the plausibility scale.
What about you?
Yeah. Yeah, it's plausible.
Yeah. And I, so the fact that maybe they're making a similar type of game of chicken, of wait and see, I think is very possible.
Especially because Microsoft has now committed themselves, essentially, to revealing the price and all of the details at E3.
Sony hasn't. And all this stuff about Sony's going to do an event in February, Sony's going to do an event in March,
it's either off of what Sony has done before, which I know is ironic because we literally just use the plausibility scale.
They could still do that and talk about the system, but not announce the price.
That's very true. That's very true. They could.
They could do something like this where they just talk about it does this and this and this.
And yes, it does look like a giant U-shaped, or I guess they're saying a V for five in Roman.
Do you think it's, that's, I mean, y'all have seen the dev kits, right?
They're like, I would hope it's sleeker looking than that, because that, that thing looks like ridiculous.
That thing looks like a beast. Just put it in, just like, it doesn't need the U-shape.
Just put it in a PC tower case, like make it like with LEDs and stuff on it.
Put a big, like, it just looks weird, but that, that's a dev kit.
So, you know, no, I know we shouldn't, we can't base anything off the dev kit, but you have to wonder, you have to,
you do have to wonder because like, why shape the dev kill? Like that's weird too.
Like dev kits are usually in like a PC tower case. So it's like, you know,
Sony could get us to shut the fuck up about this by just showing us the console,
but that's, that's what, that's what the next few months are going to be like until it's going to be a giant boomerang,
like the boomerang controller for the PlayStation three that never happened.
Oh my God. Look, I forgot about those, the boomerang controller.
Those things are actually kind of cool.
The Batarang.
The Batarang. Do you remember those dark soccer? They're at that one E3.
They looked uncomfortable.
They did, but they were kind of rad. Like I was like, I could, I could fuck up the Riddler with one of these.
Yeah, probably.
That's cool. Bring hashtag, bring back the Batarang for a PlayStation five.
Although we already know it's going to be like the same damn controller, but with, you know,
it sounds like maybe the haptic feedback type of thing, which is cool. I mean, in the reality that is probably the better solution.
So, um, yeah, I, uh, it's going to be interesting to see Sony make their counter move,
but I think one thing we should all kind of be ready for is that they might not like Sony really could wait until after E3 to launch.
Well, they can't, obviously they can't go that far, but they can go up to like maybe two months before.
I don't know. Do you know this from having been on the other side, the retail, the retail distribution side of things?
I mean, I know the industry is much different from when you were in it, but like how much lead time does a big distributor need for like,
Oh, I got to put hardware on my shelf.
Oh, they don't tell us until the very end.
Okay.
Until they've already made their announcement most of the time, unless you're a big retailer.
Um, but I've like, I had conversations with this one, I don't remember like the details of it, but there,
it was all the way back to the Sega Genesis launch or maybe his master system,
but they're talking about like, he was on the product launch team for that and talking about like how they came up with the starter pack thing that they had or something like that.
And how, like literally the announcement was like a banner on the roof or something like that of, you know, Sega, but he's talking about all the craziness behind that.
So then sometimes they don't really know what the plan is going to be until they do the plan.
Um, you know, kind of going back to the three presentation theory there, but.
Yeah, like, well, you know, small distributors and you're not going to get heads up because they know that shit gonna leak.
So of course they're not telling anybody until they make the announcement, then they'll send you the details if you're lucky.
So, but so at the end of the day, if Sony send you like the skews to set it up or whatever, but that's about it.
If Sony wanted to wait till July or August to announce the console, it's not going to hurt them in the long run.
Nope.
So that's a reality we should, especially like in August, when you have, I don't know if they're going to games com still.
So, you know, games com would be a really good time for them to pull the curtain back on it.
Yeah, you're right.
They're going to, I would say, I would say games com is when you're going to get a beefy amount of information.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well, yeah.
And by then, hopefully you'll have more third parties announcing titles for the PlayStation five as well.
And we could get something at GDC.
Sony has done GDC announcements before PlayStation home. Wasn't VR.
PlayStation VR was a GDC announcement, wasn't it?
I don't remember.
They have, and usually they've been or move or one of the things was like a GDC announcement.
I would be curious about the next PlayStation VR as well.
It is possible by the time we do our next show, or even by the time people are hearing this because of GDC, they may have said some stuff.
So we'll see.
They're waiting.
And we're going to sound real stupid.
They're waiting.
They're waiting for us to go on breakthrough.
Now that's all the things do it now, now, now, now nobody listens to him, but it's still, we're going to fuck him over anyways.
I love it.
So we'll see.
Stay tuned.
Uh, but if it's, if it's a little more time, then it's a little more time.
I didn't want to mention though, like, cause usually when you have, um, consoles launch and stuff that the hardware that they put in them is kind of like current gen hardware.
But what's kind of neat though about that, our DNA, uh, GPU is that it is the brand new architecture that hasn't even launched yet.
So that's like new, new, new cutting edge, new for like the, uh, GPU, which is pretty awesome.
Huh.
That is cool.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about things, uh, not so new, but maybe a little new.
It's the types of games we've been playing this week.
So let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks.
Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week so far?
Lots of ghosts and goblins.
Cool.
And then the usual cell phone stuff.
I really have been just so brain dead with all the stuff that I have going on right now.
However, I did do something kind of gaming related that maybe the listeners will hear before too long.
You can talk about it.
It's fine.
Well, I worked on a theme song for the show.
Yeah.
Well, I was supposed to be paying attention in my class today.
So there's, yeah, I've heard the draft of a Dark Sakura created theme song and it's, it's good.
Like it's, you know, it's, um, yeah, we gotta, we gotta just, you know, the timing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm excited for everybody to hear it.
So stay tuned.
And then poking a couple of somebodies.
Yes.
Yes.
Obviously voiceover guy, Jason will still be here to do the voiceovers every week, but
we need a new voice for the, um, you know, it's orange lounge radio with dark Sakura,
Robert, you know, and that whole thing.
So, uh, not that we don't appreciate what MIDI had did for us.
Oh yes.
And stream him on Spotify, support him please.
He's helped us out a bunch over the years, but it's just, we've had that theme song for
over 10 years.
It's time for, and I got to play a lot in logic, which was fun.
I, the more I use it, the more I really enjoy it.
So, so we'll see.
Yep.
But that's what I was doing.
All right.
How about you, Loki?
Um, I just played more Minecraft with the kids.
So on our realm that we have, um, I went to the nether and tried to find another fortress
and I was like, okay, well I'm going to make a, you know, a portal to this nether fortress.
And then of course, every block in the nether is eight blocks in the surface.
And like, I literally walked for like five, five days in there and I still wasn't close
to where I was supposed to the actual village that we're in.
So I just gave up and killed myself so I could spawn back at the village cause I'm like,
this is taking too long.
They're like, you're never going to get back, you're just gone forever.
So it's like, well, well, I'll find another one that's closer.
So I was doing that.
All right.
That it?
Oh, an ornament.
I'm upgrading a level 10 weapon, so I have to wait three days for that stupid thing.
Oh gosh.
Wow.
I never had, it ends tonight though.
So, okay.
I was like, I don't have enough material to do past like level four or five.
So wow.
Good for you.
Yeah.
Nice.
All right.
Don't take my land though.
They need to do something like, you're right.
There's like one person who has like easily half this town.
So like they need to do something where like if he or she is not regularly going to that
place, then they need like a deterioration mechanic.
Like how an ingress portals decay, how in Pokemon go gyms, the Pokemon get weaker as
time goes on.
Right.
Yeah.
Orna really needs something like that because otherwise it's just about who claimed it the
earliest and then leveled up to level two 50.
So nobody can take them out.
Oh, eventually I'll get to that point and then it's just going to be like, game on.
It's just gone.
Take it all over.
Yeah.
It's all mine.
Declaring open war on what's her name.
So I think Mike, the two, the shadow looks females.
I don't know.
I don't know who it does.
It doesn't matter.
Damn you.
Auntie St. Mike.
Their number is up.
All right.
Well, that's not the name I was thinking of.
There's another name, like everywhere, like downtown and yeah.
So my area is auntie St. Mike and the ghost of auntie St.
Calleria or something like that.
That's the one I see everywhere.
And part of like, yeah, they have like, it's the something ornate, something of the burrito
or I don't remember.
Oh, they're a little, they're a little guilt.
And look, I'm, I I'm all for, Hey, if people are going to be aggressive and want to play
the game hard and control their territory.
That's fine.
That's what Ingress is all about.
You know?
But, uh, I just think the game shouldn't like reward somebody for just like you get really
much.
It's like you get 10 gold every day, but you can't create your own kingdom until you have
100 pieces of land.
You need a hundred reputation.
Oh yeah.
You can't create your own kingdom until you have a hundred.
Oh, I didn't know you can even make a kingdom.
So it's, it's a pain.
All right.
That it for your game week.
That's it.
That's it for this week.
So, um, I haven't played a lot cause it's still early in the week, but continuing with
Final Fantasy 14, cause I'm a nerd, got to get my tomes, kept my tomes.
Uh, and then I've been playing no man's sky still just a little bit.
I haven't been playing a lot this week, but what I did do.
So do you guys remember on the last show I mentioned that I took, I took a really great
screenshot and no man's sky that I loved.
So guess what?
So I decided to take my favorite virtual exploration game and combine it with my real world exploration
game.
So I made a banner in Ingress, a mission banner out of that screenshot.
So I only had time to do the first row by walking around the park and sadly I can't
put this on screen yet, but that's what it looks like.
So yeah, if you want to see that you can actually see it's a little screenshot from the game
and actually you can see my little Explorer there in the corner and uh, yeah, I thought
that was really cool.
So, uh, yeah.
Now I just have to finish the rest of it because once I do the, uh, cause I did the walk, it's,
it's one part walking and then you have to kind of drive a big loop around town just
cause it's the only way I can get enough portals.
I didn't want to do like another banner downtown.
There's already like a million of them.
So I did this one on the East side of town, like McKinley park, if you know where that
is, that's where this one of the all like that's, you have to walk that park to get
that first part.
Um, and then it's, or it's the lady, it's the lady bird park.
If you saw the movie, it's the Rose garden that they have a scene in.
I used to walk around that park every day at lunch when I worked at the cannery.
Yeah, it's a lovely park.
So mission four or something of that mission starts at that Rose garden.
So there you go.
A little, a little, uh, so if you've seen that movie, you know what I'm talking about.
Um, but anyway, uh, so that, that mission series is there and I'm looking forward to
doing the rest of it, which will have the kind of like Saturn looking planet behind
it with the rings.
It's very giant.
And this, this kind of the solar burst, I'm really excited to do that.
I like being able to mix my favorite games together like that.
So cool.
Yeah, it's fun.
Anyway.
All right.
So that was my gaming week.
Let's get into some of the headlines this week so far.
Yes.
So unfortunately we're going to start with some sad news.
So the creator of the Konami code, uh, Kazu, um, Hisha Hashimoto has died at age 61.
That's pretty young.
All things considered 61 is not old.
The age is actually disputed because it either says 61 or 79, depending on what source you
look at.
Oh, that's a huge discrepancy.
Yeah.
It's a big discrepancy.
Big discrepancy.
Right.
Regardless.
Uh, still sad to hear, but, uh, I didn't know, I guess I never knew that the actual code
was attributed to like one person.
I have to admit I did.
I did not know.
Did you know that Jim?
Maybe you did.
I didn't know it was attributed to just one person.
I thought it was just some type of like nebulous internal, you know, sometimes those old cheat
codes from back in the day.
But how many people were actually programmers on games during the NES era?
True.
True.
True.
No, you're right.
Or in the Atari 2600 era.
Right.
It was like one person made all those games or what, or would do a game.
Um, and, um, in the NES era, you're right.
It would be a small team, probably 10 or less that would make those games.
So that's true.
Um, and a lot of those old codes kind of came from, they were like bug testing or dev codes
basically.
So like other people weren't supposed to know the code.
So was Gradius the first game to use it?
Probably had to have been.
Right.
So use up.
Yeah.
Up, up, down, left, right, left, right, B, A start.
And that is what gets your ship all the like full power and everything.
So you can, you know, test the level a different way than having to earn it all.
So, and a lot of old cheat codes and I think even passwords and things like that were for
this.
Um, and they just would get left in the game because you know, back in the day it wasn't
as easy to just patch things out, you know, or things like that.
So they would just get left in the game and then eventually someone squeals, you know,
one of those devs tells their friend, you know, you can do this, you know, and then
that friend tells another friend and word spreads around.
I mean, I have a hard time believing somebody that word spreads to game pro magazine and
Exactly.
Or, or, you know, when, and I bet this technique was used.
Absolutely.
When sales of the game start slowing down, Oh, did you know there's a code generate interest
in the game again, get it printed in the next magazine so people can rent it or check it
out.
I'm absolutely sure that was part of the strategy back in the day.
Now it's, you know, sell them, sell them an unlock code for 99 cents.
But
And then we've got news that platinum games is publishing its own original game under
the working title project GG is that unlike any of the games we've made so far, it's going
to be a hundred percent platinum games title for everything from its yeah, for everything
from its setting to its characters and its game design and story to how it's promoted.
Platinum games is in full control.
And by the time this airs, they'll know what it is.
Right.
Cause I believe I heard platinum is pulling back the curtain on it tomorrow.
So yeah, they have a teaser.
So we'll have to wait and see, unfortunately you guys know something we don't know yet.
So I'm hearing a lot of chatter.
People think it might be beautiful Joe, another entry in the beautiful Joe series, but I mean,
it could be an original IP.
It looks a little more screenshots that they have.
Don't look like beautiful Joe, but wait and see where things have happened.
So yeah, we'll see.
I'm all, I'm all for original IP or what if it's, um, fucking, especially because they
say a hundred percent platinum and it's all plaid.
What if it's scaled down?
Remember how Microsoft stopped that way?
Cause that's the one thing I'm going to read into a little bit is how they say it's a hundred
percent platinum.
It's all platinum.
Like they're kind of framing something there.
Right.
I don't know.
Just okay.
I'm going to look stupid.
Cause y'all know something I don't yet.
So we're playing time warp here.
So we'll see.
All right.
Um, and this is kind of cool.
Uh, since I was just talking about Minecraft, you may remember back in 2013 that there was
a mass effect data pack for Minecraft that was released, which allowed you to play as
the skins of the characters from a mass effect, as well as, um, they had some of the, uh,
worlds and stuff from that as well.
I didn't know they got rid of it.
Well, yeah, it hasn't been compatible with the newer versions of Minecraft until just
now.
So you can actually play it on X-Box one PlayStation four, switch PC and mobile.
Got it.
Okay.
I just assumed, I guess maybe I didn't understand enough about how Minecraft worked.
I just assumed, Oh, you could only get it on the three 60 and whatever they don't sell
it on the other ones.
I didn't realize it was a compatibility.
Well, that's cool.
Have you ever seen the, um, because I know you're a big mass effect stand like me.
Have you ever seen like the Minecrafts or the mass effect skin for Minecraft?
Have I played Minecraft any, and in at least a year, it's super cute though, which I haven't
seen it.
Um, speaking of playing things in a year, uh, I'll give you guys an Allen update.
Allen is playing the mass effect trilogy from the start once again, because he said it's
been years and I want to play it again.
So that is his current like game of the moment.
I like how he thinks he's still on mass effect one.
It's been a couple of weeks, but that's, that's, that's very much because I know what he's
doing.
He's playing every single mission in the game.
That's what I always do.
Yep.
So anyway, um, and then speaking of Minecraft some more, and then we'll also talk about
it a little bit, Metroid fusion, somebody for some reason spent seven years of their
time programming Metroid fusion into Minecraft, actually recreating the game using tire game
or like just that.
Um, that's, I don't know if it's completely done yet, but, uh, basically he's got it.
It's all with command blocks and just, it's ridiculous.
Like the sprites and everything.
Now I would have thought this is made in dreams on PlayStation four or something like that.
Nope.
But yeah, they've got like, um, some images like that he shared back like years ago, but
it's just ridiculous.
But he's saying he's going to continue working on it until Nintendo shuts him down.
But he says he's fine.
He's a hundred percent fine with that, which will be tomorrow.
Well, it's been going on for seven years.
Is it something that can be put in Minecraft on the switch?
I don't know if that would be able to run to like, cause the, all the console versions
are kind of limited on how much space you have and all that.
Right.
Yeah.
It was pretty hard.
Um, but yeah, that's pretty crazy.
That'd be kind of funny if he put it on the switch and it's like, just try and shut me
down now.
This is funny.
Hackers can put it on the switch.
True.
True.
Um, and then we got it since we are just about the approach March, we've got our games of
gold and PlayStation.
You mean we're in March?
It's March 1st.
March 1st.
Today.
Right.
Check your calendar, Loki.
But these games haven't released yet, so that's fine.
Um, so on the Xbox side of things, we have Batman and the enemy within the complete season.
Um, and then we have Shantae half genie hero.
Those are the Xbox one games.
And then on Xbox three 60 Castlevania, Lord of shadows two and Sonic generations.
I'm sorry, but Lords of shadow one was bad enough.
Why did they have to give us two?
Because Konami has got to make some money.
And then, um, on the PlayStation side, we've got, uh, Sonic forces and shadow of the Colossus.
Okay.
Neat.
So not bad.
And then, uh, last but not least, uh, good old games has changed their refund policy.
So now if you play or purchase a game, you have 30 days after you purchase to, um, you
know, file for a refund.
However, there are, you know, and they're basically, they're saying that we trust that
you're making an informed purchase decisions and we'll use this updated voluntary refund
policy.
Only if something doesn't work for you as expected while there's a, this is why there
are no limits, but instead we reserve the right for refuse refunds.
In individual cases, please respect all the time and hard work, uh, put into making game
or making the games that you play.
And remember the refunds are not reviews.
If you finish the game and didn't like it, please consider sharing your opinion and said
also please don't take advantage of our trust by asking for an unreasonable amount of games
to be refunded.
Don't be that person.
No one likes that person.
So I like that, um, that comment there at the end, but yeah, I do feel like this might
open them up for some problems, but I mean, I'm just, I'm pretty sure that they're aware
of how people can be because there are those people out there that will do this, but you
know, I like that it's kind of open to, you know, don't be a dick because we'll know that
you're being a deck and we're not going to give you your refund.
That's very, that really opens it up though for like people to buy a game, beat the game,
refund the game, like using this as a rental system.
They can look at it and see them kind of seeing that that's what you're doing.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
So I suppose I'd be very curious what the statistics look like a little bit after this.
I mean, sometimes when you kind of trust, like, you know, there's a lot of games out
there that just don't have any DRM at all and they still sell pretty darn well, even
with piracy.
I don't think these games have DRM.
I don't think they do either.
So, but that's kind of a, if you think about it though, that still kind of sucks though
for the individual, because I'm assuming that GOG isn't taking a hit on this stuff.
So that kind of sucks for the indie developers that put out some of these games on the service
and then 30 days later, you know, they may be getting money taken away from them.
Depends on the abuse.
It depends what maybe GOG's promised them about how they're going to enforce it.
Like, you know, if a person does this X many of times, an X window, we're going to review
the play time and maybe, you know, not allow them to use the system anymore.
So we'll see.
Or GOG has achievements, right?
So that's what the achievements can come back to bite you because you will look at the achievements
to see the person beat the game and then refunded it.
And it's like, okay, come on, what are you doing?
So it's going to be an interesting way to monitor the accounts.
I don't know.
All right.
All right.
Well, if that's it from you, let's let's check in with Dark Soccer and see what stories she
wants to talk about tonight.
There's always shenanigans, you know.
There is.
Well, Harmonics has unveiled a new game.
It's called Fuser, where it is a mixing game.
You play as a DJ at a festival, as long as it's not Coachella because the owner is a
bad person.
So it looks like they're going to have over one hundred songs that you can mix in real
time.
So you grab vocals from one and the guitar from another mashup simulator.
Pretty much it's it's literally drop mix like Harmonics already did this game, except there's
a twist.
Drop mix is a board game.
It's a tangible thing with real cards.
This is going to sell better.
This is going to sell better.
And it's Magic the Gathering online, basically.
Right.
Yeah.
But basically, yeah, it's like you're going to be managing from from you have four different
decks and you have a few restrictions on what you can do.
But it has to be the four.
So it's going to be on Switch, PS4, PC and the Xbone.
So we'll see what it comes out like.
It looks like it could be fun.
Yeah, I mean, I love drop mix like it's cool, but I understand like the game itself for
drop mix is kind of like it's like it's it's one of those games.
Do you remember?
Do you remember the board game Mouse Trap that never worked?
Yeah.
Well, it was also more fun to just set up the trap or try to put the trap in different
ways or, you know, try to see what other weird things you can do with the parts than it was
to actually play mouse trap.
And I think that's the kind of thing that happens with drop mix.
Like it's more fun to just sit there and play with the cards and make your own mixes
than it is like actually played drop mix music going back to the 70s on here.
I mean, oh, the song list is great.
Yeah.
I mean, though, we've got Blue Oyster Cult, The Clash, some Gaga, some Lizzo, of course.
Yes.
Gaga, you know, through the 90s, the aughts through all of it.
So it looks like it could be pretty interesting.
I mean, hello.
Y'all know I love music games.
I'll buy it.
Of course.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, um, that's the wrong link.
I was helping somebody find beard sanitizer.
Oh, I was like, no, it's an immunocompromised friend who has worries about the now airborne
COVID, the now local and airborne.
I thought there was only one case here locally.
Yeah, I know.
It's some big deal.
I'm not worried.
I'm not bothered.
I'm about to go on a cruise and hopefully, um, it doesn't take me a month to get back.
Who knows?
This might be the last OLR for six minutes.
So many announcements.
They're like, oh my God, open the floodgates now.
I just hope it's not like it was a few years ago when I had swine flu and didn't know it.
If there's any, if there's any, if, if I do end up trapped on a boat due to COVID, at
least I'll be trapped on a boat with Wilson Cruz and Kate Mulgrew.
So it's like, you know, I will, I will play with your cat.
Okay.
Thank you.
I already told Dan I was going to come over to entertain the smush.
Oh God, that's right.
Oh my God.
How would we take care of the cat?
You would honestly like, I'll just, you would have to just take some motion to your own
home.
He and Midna would fight over the food bowl.
Well, it's just, yeah.
And why are we even entertaining this?
It's not going to happen.
Why are we even entertaining this?
Anyways, streets of rage four.
We like to fantasize about all the bad things that can happen to us.
Well, just drew posted on Facebook a little bit ago, the, the quote from a welcome to
Night Vale.
May all of your dreams come true.
All of them.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.
Anyway, streets of rage four.
It's getting some new stuff.
When it launches, there is going to be two person online co-op.
Yay.
And up to four player offline co-op, yay.
And there's going to be a new playable characters.
One of them is Floyd, who is cybernetic.
He actually was upgraded due to Dr. Zan from streets of rage three.
He's slow, but strong.
So yeah, streets of rage four, hopefully, hopefully it's going to be awesome.
Well, Yuzuru Koshiro is doing the music.
That's all I need.
Okay.
That's all I care about then.
And there better be bare knuckle arcade machines in it.
We'll see.
So little bit more.
Dragon Ball Fighter, Dragon Ball Fighter's season three has gone live with a bunch of
different changes.
You get something called Z assist that gives you assist attacks for every member of the
roster, kind of like how it worked for Marvel versus Capcom.
And it lets you create even crazier combos in the game.
You would be able to choose your partner for like juggling or projectile or a little bit
more on that.
So it'll be, it'll be pretty neat.
Few other things is that you will have a limit break.
Thanks Final Fantasy seven.
I was like, what is this Final Fantasy?
Right.
But basically when the player is down to their last fighter, they will get a slight damage
boost and a free bar of meter allowing, which would basically make them do like a last stand
attack.
That's kind of similar to Mortal Kombat 11's fatal blows.
So it's really just a combat mechanic.
And then some new characters.
So Kefla will be in there.
And then there will also be ultra instinct Goku.
All the Goku will be in the game, but I don't know.
I mean this character, she kind of annoyed me in the series.
So I mean she was cool, but annoying in the series.
So yeah, some, some cool stuff.
Played the Dragon Ballses.
I still have yet to unfortunately play this game, but at some point I'll play it eventually.
I reckon.
You know, I'm looking at this next story that I'm going to talk about.
And there's a, it's, this is one of those cases of advertising working because I'm presented
with a giant ad for the Double Dragon and Kunio-kun retro brawler bundle, which is kind
of neat, which I remember discussing on a previous show.
What I forgot was that, oh, it's like coming out like now, or in this case it's already
out.
I forgot.
So you've played it.
You and Dan have played it?
Our friend has it.
He brought over a Switch and we enjoyed some of it.
It was pretty fun.
Is it neat?
Yeah.
I can't wait to play some of this.
It's old school.
Yeah.
It's the classics.
And I'm excited that we have like new games in English basically.
This is a trend.
And it's the old school, like legit Niketsu games.
Yeah.
This is this random trend I'm loving all of a sudden is like all of these old ass retro
games are suddenly getting localized for mother three.
Fuck you.
Well, to be fair, mother three already was localized for Europe, but yeah, anyway, I
know.
Oh, I guess.
Yeah.
We continue to get screwed when it comes to mother three.
But, uh, well I was thinking trials of manna of course was the thing on my brain.
So there's that.
So, all right.
Uh, anyway, the story I was actually going to read before I got distracted by a giant
advertisement.
Um, was talking a little bit about, um, the, um, no, Alan just got home.
That's not the cat.
He liked it.
The cat get out.
Well, cause it didn't shut the door all the way.
No, you're fine.
You're fine.
Alan is probably opening a window.
Um, it is.
It is a little hot in here.
Um, it's just me anyway.
The story, the 2020 PlayStation player celebration.
That's right.
Uh, you have a chance to play more games and earn more trophies this year.
It's the PlayStation player celebration.
If the community hits some different milestones, such as half a million trophies, uh, you get
exclusive PS4 themes and avatars and, and one of the big prizes, a real life platinum
trophy.
That's right.
You can have a platinum trophy IRL and you can show all your friends just how big your
E-penis is with your, uh, put that on your Tinder profile.
That's right.
Put that on your Tinder profile.
Anyway.
Um, this just got underway.
I think February 24th was in the first community goals started, uh, which was a 125,000 games
played and 500,000 trophies earned.
There will be an exclusive static PS4 theme.
And I imagine that, um, people were probably going to unlock all these things anyway.
I just, I just don't see how the community doesn't actually unlock all these things.
So cause they put pretty achievable goals in there.
Yeah.
They probably know like the averages and they probably bumped it up slightly, but not too
much.
So it's, it's, I'm sure it'll, it'll be effective.
So, um, and then the only other things I really wanted to talk about, oops, I just randomly
closed the story, but I remember that, uh, there's some changes with Overwatch.
Uh, one of them is that the, uh, Overwatch league matches, some of them are getting canceled
due to COVID, um, which is kind of not new news right now.
Right.
We've hearing a lot of different things are getting canceled or people backing out or
so forth.
It will be interesting to see how PAX East went.
Um, I'm not, I'm not worried about COVID.
I'm just thinking about like how that goes with a lot of the folks that have dropped
out, you know, but you know, having been to PAX and we've all been to PAX.
I mean, we went to PAX prime one year, all of us together.
That was a fun year.
Um, but you know, there's a lot of like board games going on 24 seven and land and you know,
people just celebrating gaming.
So I feel like there's, it's not like there's going to be a shortage of things to do.
It's just that, you know, the expo hall is going to be a little, little less exciting,
but they've still got Indies.
They got plenty of stuff to see.
So anyway, um, but the Overwatch league, South Korean matches are being canceled due to the,
um, novel coronavirus worries or COVID, um, because, uh, unfortunately the more and more
and more and more cases are showing up in South Korea, just like we're hearing in Italy.
Uh, and, um, what was it Iran, I think is the other big one since we last did a show.
So fortunately it's, unfortunately it's spreading.
Um, so some more events are being affected because of it.
But something that will definitely affect everyone in Overwatch is a new experimental
mode.
So you may or may not know, depending on how much you play Overwatch, they changed the
queuing system sometimes ago to be two tanks, two healers and two DPS.
So that way you kind of queue for matches in a certain role.
Well, uh, Overwatch is now testing a new mode where you can actually do three DPS and one
tank and two healers.
Uh, so they call it triple DPS or something like that, triple damage.
That's it.
And they're calling it an experimental mode.
So it's, it's not like they didn't replace the two, two, two system with this as a side
thing.
Um, but it's supposed to help improve queue times because everybody wants to be DPS.
Everybody wants to play Hanzo for some reason.
So this is supposed to help those queue times.
So and the feedback on this will make Blizzard decide if they want to implement this into
standard play.
Uh, a quote from, um, Jeff Kaplan, who is the lead designer, the experimental card is
really focused on radical gameplay changes or things that we want to try out to get your
direct player feedback on.
We are unsure of these.
Um, so we'll see how that goes.
Most people I've seen on Twitter seem to be enjoying it so far though, and it makes sense.
So it's just changing one tank to a DPS and more people want to queue as DPS anyway.
So it makes sense.
Yeah.
So we'll see where that goes.
Anyway, that is it for the stories that we were going to cover tonight.
So we're going to go into the listener round table since we're not live tonight, we can't
take your, um, phone calls on discord, but we can talk about some of the stories that
you guys have been posting on discord.
Um, you guys have been posting a lot of stories and I think we already touched on some of
them.
Like I know the Konami code one came up and some other things, but I thought this one
was really cute.
So we got linked to a story that talks about Nintendo's customer support going above and
beyond, uh, for an older lady.
Um, and, uh, this was reported in a local newspaper.
Um, I think it was picked up off of Twitter, but basically long story short, um, this gal's
mom always played her Game Boy.
Um, and when she reached the age of 85, 95, her Game Boy stopped working, but they wanted
her to be able to be happy and still play Tetris on Game Boy and stuff.
So they called Nintendo to try to fix the Game Boy, but of course the Game Boy, they're
no longer supported, right?
Well, Nintendo's support went above and beyond.
And what happened, they, they found a, um, I guess they got within a week of response
saying they didn't have the parts, but they found a brand new Game Boy in a warehouse
of like, you know, this actually is a very common thing.
I'm thinking like the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark that, well, companies do keep surplus
stock on hand.
Case in point, go back to those cases of why Atari had a landfill at one point, because
there was so much surplus stock because everything got sent back.
They literally had no place to put it.
But it's not super uncommon for companies to hold on to surplus stock of certain things.
Four cases kind of like this, actually.
Like I know my high school, I know this because I was on the yearbook committee in high school,
there's a, there was a shed out back that was a storage shed and what they had, they
had one box of every yearbook they've ever printed over the years.
So when I was, there was like 30 years worth of yearbooks and there's probably another
30 years worth of yearbooks there now.
And it was specifically for when people would call the school and say, my house burned down
or I lost this in a fire or is there any way I can replace this?
They have one box of books to be able to, so if you've ever lost your yearbook, call
your school, they might have something if that's something of importance to you.
So I thought that was kind of neat.
So I think this is, this is partially that and partially just sometimes you don't know
where else to put this shit.
Like, have you ever looked at your garage?
You probably have a lot of shit out there that you don't really need.
And I think a lot of this happens with Nintendo too.
It wouldn't really surprise me.
I mean, I've bought sealed in box old stuff from work, you know, not going to say where
I work, but I've done it before.
Sure.
Yeah.
So anyway, you know, so I don't think it's quite as novel that they still have one on
hand, but what is novel is the fact that they did, they went the extra mile and sent her
that for free with a letter wishing a nice long life.
And as a nice footnote here, the grandmother lived to be 99.
So went on another four years.
So powered by Game Boy and four AA batteries.
So very nice.
Cool.
I thought that was a very nice story from our discord.
So let me get to some tweets.
Going to some tweets.
I opened up the Twitter earlier this week at OLR and I like four or five times asked
for stories and we got two.
We got two tweets.
So I'm a little bit sad that more people aren't tweeting us, but to be fair, I should probably
be more active on the Twitter if I want more people to engage.
So I will try to get better at that.
In the meantime, we will read these tweets that we got.
So our first tweet tonight from Garth the Wolf, who tweets us, have you guys checked
out Nier Automata yet?
It's legitimately one of the best games I've played and probably my favorite of this past
generation.
It also has a killer soundtrack and story.
Please check it out if you get the chance.
Has anyone played Nier Automata?
It's been on my wish list for a while, but it's been on my list and I haven't got to.
You know what's sad?
I've played the first Nier, a little bit of it, but I still haven't played Nier Automata.
But and I don't know if you know about this.
That's the game where if you eat a fish you'll die.
In Final Fantasy 14, the raids right now, the new 24 man raids are all inspired by because
they're co-created by the guy behind Nier Automata.
So this current raid, the 24 man raid, and I've been running this raid quite a few times.
It's called the Copied Factory and it's inspired by Nier.
So a lot of the monster design, because it doesn't look like Final Fantasy when you're
in there.
It's all big, these gigantic mech robots and things, and the last guy's in a tank and it's
like Transformers and shit.
He transforms into a plane that starts gunning you on the ground and stuff, but it's really
cool.
But the music is some of the best music in the game.
And I don't know if they lifted it from Nier or if they had, who's the guy who does all
the music?
The guy, I can't remember his name in the moment, but the guy who does all the music
in Final Fantasy 14?
Sakurai?
Sakurai, yeah.
I don't know if they had him do all that, but yeah.
I love the music in there.
It's some of the best.
So, all right.
I'll have to put that on the list.
Anyway, let's go to Dark Tetsuya who says, I've been playing Contra Rogue Core and I
have to say it's not nearly as bad as people are saying it is.
Incidentally, on the subject of the Konami code, it does appear in the game, but really
only to obtain one of the game's various medals.
Still a neat nod to it.
Oh, so that's kind of cute.
So you put in the Konami code and it's like, sorry, you don't get shit, but this achievement
is nothing.
Yeah, but I've watched gameplay of that and it looks really terrible.
Like I get it, it's not as terrible as you thought it is, but it's still pretty terrible.
I'm not playing it.
I was really excited for it too, but then I saw the gameplay and I'm like, no, no, there's
no, that's not, that's not Contra.
I'm sorry.
Well, okay.
But has there ever been a game, and I asked this for Dark Soccer or, you know, anyone
out there really, cause I know we still have a chat room going tonight.
Has there been a game where like everybody just shit on the game, but you like the game,
dammit.
Like it's not as bad as everybody says it is.
For me, okay, I'm gonna tell you what game for me that is.
Friday the 13th on the original NES, because I think that game, at least when I was a kid
legit scared the hell out of me and I thought it was a really good soundtrack and I thought
it was really hard.
I remember being a total flop at the game, but then I see all this stuff later about
how like, oh, it's the worst NES game ever made.
No, it's not.
It's not the worst.
There are far worse games on the NES.
So that's like one of mine.
Are there any like games that everybody shit on, but you're like, it's not that bad.
And it's Soken.
I'm like Sakurai is the guy that made Smash Brothers, that's not his name, Soken.
I don't know off the top of my head, I mean, I'm sure I've liked some really bad games
out there, but I can't think of, I liked Abadox for a while, I mean, but that wasn't really
that bad of a game.
I know.
There was a hot minute where my brothers and I were super obsessed with playing the terrible
Home Alone game on SNES and I did enjoy Blastress with the Super Scope, but Blastress was fun.
There's not like too many really bad games.
There was something really novel about the fact that the Super Nintendo, it didn't just
have a light gun, it had a fucking bazooka.
Like talk about one of the most bad ass peripherals that a company has ever put out, like Justice
for the Super Scope.
That thing was awesome.
It's pretty good.
I know.
I miss, I miss the bazooka.
We need that.
We need a bazooka game.
Hey, YYR.
He's not manufacturing peripherals.
No, no, no, we need it.
We need a sharpshooter mode because this, buy sharpshooter on Steam.
There's your plug.
Okay.
But we need a mode that supports a bazooka.
I'm sorry.
He's not supporting that.
No, I know.
He, what?
He, he doesn't just exist to make all of our wishes come true.
You can, you can just have to, you'll have to rig it yourself using some sort of like,
I don't know what sort of jank peripheral would connect the Super Scope to a computer
and then do it that way.
It's gotta be out there.
They do have controller converters, so it wouldn't be too hard.
Yeah.
It's just a matter of being able to read the screen and all that.
Which you probably can't do.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
Because like light guns don't even work on new TVs.
But I'm sure that by some magic and a raspberry pie shoved into a Super Scope, you probably
could make it work.
There we go.
Now we're talking.
Now we're talking.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, that's, that's it for the listener round table for tonight.
You can always tweet us more, uh, at OLR if you want to send us a tweet or excuse me,
you can always send us an email as well.
Cause I don't think we haven't.
I like the excite truck.
That's not necessarily a highly, I don't think anyone hated that game, but I, I really liked
that game.
I did.
You liked it more than most people did.
Yes.
It was an awesome game in which we'll never be a sequel for, you know,
or all there was, but that was absolute garbage.
Like what the hell were you thinking?
Make a sandwich in the middle of the goddamn race, throw a pie at a clown.
What the fuck is that?
That's not a racing game.
The whole fact that they kind of like took excite bike.
I mean, and like it was one of those things, like I didn't even get it until like the game
was already out and I've been playing it for a couple of weeks.
I was like, Oh, excite bike excite truck.
Oh, it's not really at all the same, but it's because they're not, they're not at all.
Aside from like maybe the turbo mechanic was kind of similar, but then that was about where
it ended.
Um, but you know, then excite bots just went off the fucking rails and on the rails too,
because there was rail sliding in that game for God knows what reason.
All right.
Anyway, if you want to email us, participate at orange line trader.com or if you want to
tweet us at O L R let's take a trip down memory lane and visit the classic game of the week.
So every week, dark soccer likes to step into the, into the gaming vault and find a game
that she says, Hey, you should, you should put this in your house and play it.
Good luck.
I mean, you'd have to have a pretty big house for this, uh, for the folks on Twitch.
I do not have video footage of this tonight just because we had to put this show together
very fast.
Um, but this is, this is an interesting pick anyway.
I feel like it's not something that would work.
I think this video half peripheral of the month, we're going back to that.
It's the nausea game for me too, because I used to get really motion sick with this,
but it's Radice.
It's metal as fuck.
Yeah.
Dan, this was like his whole reason for ever wanting to go to Dave and busters.
Yep.
And so Bobby Blackwell is going to perk up cause I know he's a fan of this too.
So I picked a battle tech centers.
It's basically virtual environment venues.
So you have these pods, uh, fully enclosed cockpits that have, uh, multiple screens inside
rudder pedals, joysticks.
I would be, I wouldn't be surprised if this was the inspiration for, um, great.
Now I don't remember the English name techa, X-Box mecha game.
Um, I remember the, with the $200 accessory, it was like mech warrior mech.
No it wasn't mech warrior.
I know what you're thinking of.
It's a steel battalion.
Steel battalion.
Thank you.
Um, but any, anyway, um, I wouldn't be surprised if this was an inspiration for it.
So at any rate, um, it, it could be found all over, um, you, you actually can still
find them in some places in the U S but the first battle tech center opened in Chicago
in 1990 there was another one in Yokohama in August, 1992 Tokyo, 1993.
Um, and eventually 26 facilities opened up that had, you know, more elaborate operations.
The locations were called virtual world.
We had one in the middle of like, I don't even remember what it was called, but it was
like some sort of like super bar that was like multiple bars and you had to walk through
the bar to get to the virtual world thing.
So that was always weird because I heard you like bars.
It was, it was weird.
Like I don't remember what it was called, but it was like, they have like seven bars
all attached to each other and it was the strangest thing.
But virtual world was right in the middle for some reason.
Well, at any rate, um, it consisted of 16 networked pods, um, that partially designed
by frog design.
Um, and it was highly interactive and really fun.
Um, it actually was even in a discovery channel documentary called beyond 2000.
Um, you could compete against players and other centers across the country.
Um, they actually had another non battle tech game included called red planet that had,
it was racing through mining tunnels on, on Mars using hovercrafts.
Um, but then of course as, um, you know, our, you know, arcade games advanced, you know,
by 2000 there were no more operational battle tech centers in Japan.
Um, in 1996 virtual world and, uh, FASA entertainment technologies merged, um, and became a wholly
owned subsidiaries of virtual world entertainment group and then Microsoft bottom.
So, um, they, uh, wanted to, they actually integrated, um, a lot of that into the Microsoft
game studio division.
And then all of the interest in virtual worlds entertainment was sold to some other guy and
their offices went to Kalamazoo.
Yeah, it was kind of funny.
Um, but anyway, um, as it literally went to Kalamazoo, it's not just a, no, seriously,
the office made from Chicago to Kalamazoo.
Um, so there was, um, the virtual world Tesla two cockpits.
Um, they opened, um, in November, 2005 with eight Tesla two, uh, uh, pods and then they
added another four.
And so now they do the, uh, battle tech invitational with 12 pods.
I mean, it's kind of evolved since then.
And sometimes, um, like there is a company called mech jock LLC, uh, we fit the existed
Tesla two pods so that they could bring those battle tech centers to a different, uh, conventions.
So they brought it to gen con 2007.
Uh, it's been brought to, uh, comic Palooza, Oni Con, mecha con and dragon con.
Do you've seen it at dragon?
It is there every year at dragon con, but it's one of those staples.
Like if it ever disappeared, like even though I've never done it in all the years that I've
always walked by and go, Oh cool, I remember those.
And there's always a group that's there playing it.
But, um, and all the years I've been to dragon con, I've never done it.
But like, if it left, I would be like, how could they get rid of that?
Like, you know, you know how that is, right?
Oh yeah.
Oh, other cons that, um, it's, uh, is going to be at or has been at, there'll also be
gen con origins, ASIN and Yomakon, um, in 2006, some players in Japan bought four Tesla
pods from the U S and put together a virtual world center in Tokyo.
Um, what year was that again?
Uh, 2006.
Oh.
And, um, but the pods are semi operational, even though they had no way to, uh, really
repair them.
They can't get the parts for them anymore.
Um, June, 2012, Mr. Biggs family center closed and their assets were auctioned off, including
their 12 pods.
Um, and, uh, now someone owns 12 pods.
So he removed, he removed his assets and put them into storage.
Um, 2011, along with a, uh, along with a pallet of unopened game boys in 2007, the airlock
in Kirkland, Washington, um, close with eight Tesla simulators transferred and the Washington
secretary of state, um, uh, yeah, there's like a show called better than life says that
it's inactive.
Some of this doesn't make sense as how it's put on here.
Um, there were eight pods in 2011 that were listed on Facebook, um, for, uh, at two private
home arcades.
Um, 2017 virtual world entertainment read, launch its website at mech jock.com, um, stating
that they're developing cockpits again and have updated software featuring 5.07 D to
be played in Houston, grand Rapids and Minneapolis.
Yeah, those are pretty dated by 2018, a battle tech center and game store, big kids in grand
Rapids, Michigan, permanently closed pod tracker list.
These pods as being private and in control of the owner of the store.
So of the remaining ones, we have the fallout shelter arcade in twin cities, Minnesota met
core entertainment LLC in Houston, Texas and hanger 51 in Montreal.
So fallout has 12 met core has 18 and hanger has 10 and so, um, the last one I saw was
our Dave and busters in, um, Milpitas at the mall cause we would do my birthday every
year.
There'd be that.
And there'd be Derby owners club and then I would be really drunk and go, ah, Derby
owners club club is still, it's still there.
I think it's, Oh my God, it's been a while.
It's been a while.
Where are those all go?
Like seriously, like they're where all the horses go.
Oh no, there's one in San Francisco.
Um, cause when I went with JD to Dave and busters out further past, like closer to diamond,
where was it?
Diamond heights out that way further out.
Okay.
Yeah.
But anyway, um, but we played over there.
Um, I mean it was occupied and I didn't have my horses.
I do still have my horses.
Do you still have politics?
Oh God.
No, I, they, I threw them in the garbage, like the game in the, I still have Panda half.
I will say, because I know Bobby Black Wolf is probably shouting, he's probably shouting
in chat right now that he wants had an interview all about this game and what it's become with
the, you know, all these years later with the dragon con pods and all that.
So, um, I, I don't know what episode number off the top of my head, but I'm sure he will,
he will provide a link, but it was, it was a good interview and it's, if you want to
know more about this game and how it evolved in the state of it currently check it out.
There's a little bit more cause there was a battle tech animated series that was done
in that universe produced by Saban, but yeah, apparently there's also books and mech warriors,
I guess kind of related in the same series.
So that also means then that the battle tech stuff is exactly what I was playing in tabletop.
So cool.
There you go.
All right.
Again, get an eight player pre-owned Derby owners club for only $26,000 Oh, is that all
that's all and like a whole room or two of your house dark Sakura, do you need a bedroom?
Which do you want more a bedroom or a Derby owners club machine?
Do you realize my bed takes up one whole room, all the crap in my office, two computers,
a TV, a bunch of video game stuff and all my crafting supplies.
And then our game room, our legit game room that I probably could have put it in is taken
up by three pinball tables.
And we've got five more in the garage and four in the house.
She is not like, like, like this is not hyperbole.
This is, this is real.
Like I've been to this house.
They really are.
They have a room full of fucking people.
And one of the ones that my house isn't even mine, which you need to come play before it
gets reclaimed.
Cause it scared Steph.
Well, I'm going to be gone for a little bit, but do you think Sega would Sue me if I made
a game called Derpy owners club, Derpy owners club.
As long as it's full on parody, they can't under the rules of pair as long as it's parody.
I'll consider that table that now another Loki game got derailed because he had got
a better idea.
Derpy hooves is a copyright of Derpycon.
Not Derpy.
We'll just do all sorts of Derpy shit.
Okay.
All right.
Will you finish this one?
Oh yeah, of course.
He'll, he'll finish it more than he's finished any of the others.
No, I'm not going to start a new game.
I just thought that'd be a funny idea.
I have lots of really dumb ideas for games that like are just floating around out there
that haven't made yet.
Why don't we do that as a bonus episode?
Loki tells us about all his dumb ideas for games.
Give us one, give us one.
It would be like Pokemon go, but with roadkill and you would actually have to get like, so
it's not necessarily roadkill per se, but you'd be capturing animals that are just ordinary
animals.
So it's, it's not like, um, you know, like Pikachu and stuff.
It's like a squirrel, but we'd be calling them different things like trash pandas and
stuff like that.
And then you would level up your characters, um, in the game.
Like they have the little internet comics for a while where like they had like, uh,
it was like hamster fighting or whatever and they taped like knives to them and stuff like
that.
So it would be like that.
And also I thought about a total adult version of like animal crossing, but like, you know,
where you're selling crack and stuff like that on the street.
I think a lot of people have that, but the roadkill, but it's literally like, not really
rogue actual roadkill, but it wouldn't be like actual roadkill would be like hamsters
with claws.
It would just be like, you know, like, Oh, I encountered an animal or like a monster,
but it's just like, it's just an animal called something different.
You know?
Yes.
Yes.
Like danger noodles would be stuff like that.
But it would be done in like a hillbilly, like trailer park aesthetic.
Okay.
Okay.
That makes it better.
Yes.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
All right, anyway, uh, moving on, uh, let's travel around the world and check out some
release dates.
So we're going to try to cover kind of a long period here through, uh, our next live show
on the 15th.
All right.
So, um, we've got, uh, grand blue fantasy versus on PlayStation four IB and OB on Nintendo
switch murder by numbers on Nintendo switch and PC, uh, Pokemon mystery dungeon rescue
team DX on Nintendo switch, uh, Langrisser one and two on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four.
Um, let's see Orian, the will of the wisps on PC and Xbox one dead or school by on PlayStation
four, my hero one just, or one's justice to that's on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation
four and Xbox one.
And last but not least Neo two on PlayStation four.
All right.
Heading over to Japan.
Let's check out switch releases for March 6th, which include a Pokemon Fushigi no dungeon.
That is obviously their version of mystery dungeon.
So that is out in Japan as well on the sixth.
And then also coming out in Japan.
Um, I think that's actually the only release on that particular day.
So jumping ahead to March the 12th, we have a human resource machine, deluxe toe our way.
Uh, no Palm refrain and color cross malice for Nintendo switch.
I guess that's, um, probably some type of, uh, uh, anime or, or manga or something.
Uh, but speaking of, if you're into the horsey games, winning post nine 2020 is also out
on the switch, uh, on March 12th.
So you have that to look forward to.
So if you're, if you're missing your Derby owners club, you always have winning post
to look forward to, uh, checking out the PlayStation four to see what the big releases are there.
You know, I don't see anything that early, early March.
I don't really start seeing releases till March 12th where winning post nine is also
out on the PlayStation four.
Um, Kondagawa jet girls is out as well.
And uh, some price reductions on far cry, new Dawn, the crew too, and assassin's creed
odyssey as they move into Japan's equivalent of like best hits.
Okay.
How about Europe?
Um, in Europe, well, we're starting just with the beginning of March, right?
Cause sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause there's a bunch on the 27th, but yeah, anyway, but that already happened.
Yeah, sure.
It did.
So on the fifth we have Carly and the Reaper man, which sounds like a fun game, uh, escape
from the underworld.
Um, also on the fifth we have Pokemon mysterious dungeon rescue team DX Ori and the will of
the wis on the 10th on the 11th we have overpass on the 12th we have bleeding edge beta.
Um, also doctor who the edge of time for PlayStation hell warders, um, on the 12th, my hero one
justice too.
That's uh, from the, my hero academia, um, uh, Neil, uh, two on, uh, March, uh, 12th.
And on the 16th we have remnant from the ashes.
I might've gone too far, but I don't care.
All right.
I might add the week after we do our next show, animal crossing will become, I know
it's almost here.
It's exciting.
Mm hmm.
Exciting stuff.
Three weeks away.
I needs.
All right.
Well, uh, that's about going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio, but
here's here.
So I was just texted this by a friend of mine, apparently, uh, the first us coronavirus case
of unknown origin just confirmed in Northern California.
And I guess it's the individual is a resident of Solano County and is receiving medical
care in Sacramento County.
I thought there was the one that came back from Japan.
Yeah.
There's a Korean lady now going around Southern California in Korea town that turned out she
is infected.
Huh?
The individual had no known exposure to the virus through travel or close contact with
a known infected individual.
Oh, but it's like I said, they already confirmed that it was airborne.
Yeah.
So fun.
Well, I hope they in contact with Corona's.
I blame that.
I hope I get to go on my cruise.
All right.
So, so that means that I am going to go buy some more lysine and do things that boost
up my immune system.
But the people I'm more worried for are my friends who are immunocompromised, you know,
my friend's child, a couple of friends of mine dealing with AIDS and HIV, elderly individuals,
elderly.
Yeah.
Um, just do the things that will boost your immune system.
Don't be stupid, but do the things that are, just be intelligent about it.
Yeah.
Take, take normal precautions.
Don't go around with a gas mask, you know, if you are immunocompromised, it might not
be beyond the scope of reason to have maybe a, an N5 or N95.
But again, be smart and learn how to fucking wash your goddamn hands the right way.
Not just a little water.
You have to scrub your hands and get in your nails and up at least past your wrist bone
to be considered having properly washed your hands.
And you sing happy birthday twice.
Yes.
All right.
So, and, and, and what do not touch blood or bodily fluid?
I'm just saying because, well, it's just, oh, I'm probably going to be renewing my first
aid cert in the light of all this.
So.
All right.
Well, to practice good hygiene, everybody, uh, we're going to wrap up final thoughts.
Uh, thank you guys for tuning into this special episode of orange launch radio.
Um, especially since, you know, we're, I'm out of town for a couple of weeks.
Uh, we are planning to be back on March 15th.
I guess I have to phrase it that way.
Now we're planning to be back on March 15th, um, live over at vognetwork.com.
So we really hope to see you guys then, uh, but otherwise it's time to wrap things up.
We're done here for the week.
So, um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange on radio, please tell a friend or
two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has voice, but if the
voices aren't here to put out on air, then what are we going to do?
So, um, also very important to say, uh, that, um, uh, uh, sharing the show, uh, hosting
on Twitch, all of that stuff goes a long way.
We'll have a very, uh, long episode probably on March 15th to catch up on everything we
missed because I'm sure there's going to be a lot between GDC and packs and everything
else.
Uh, it's going to be something.
I hope you guys will still be checking out Bobby Black Wolf and other independent podcasts
on not just at vognetwork.com, but all up and down the wonderful interwebs.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura.
Um, I don't know.
My brain is mushy.
It's mushy.
My appropriate final thought for tonight would be live long and prosper.
Loki, your final thought.
Uh, my final thought is that, um, I don't know.
I don't have anything.
I'm tired.
That's it.
On that note, rest up, play some games, make your, make your, uh, some more Minecraft cause
that's mindless.
Ooh, actually I was literally about to hit the credits button.
Dark Sakura.
Well, it's just a little thing.
Bob, Bob Iger stepped down as Disney CEO.
I haven't yesterday.
It was just posted today.
So sorry.
That's all right.
Okay.
GameStop will give you $5 a month if you do their pro subscription cause they're desperate
for business.
Do I have permission to end the goddamn show?
Maybe.
Yes.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
