Today, October 8th, 2006, rumors about next-gen sales at GameStop fly around the Internet,
angry NBA Live fans write a letter to EA, and a popular BS mascot moves to the PSP.
Hello everybody out there on the Internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, not tonight, is Dark Sakura.
She actually has the night off.
Unfortunately, she had a funeral she had to go to today, so we hope all is well with her
and her family.
We do have, though, tonight, Loki joining us.
Tech master Loki.
Yes, and I'm wiping the salt off of this laptop here.
Were you having a late-night snack just before, I shouldn't say late-night, I guess more late-afternoon
snack before starting the show here?
Yes, McDonald's french fries.
That would definitely be salty.
That would be.
I'm sure it's going to be an interesting program tonight as it is just Loki and just myself
here in studio.
We have no third guest, no Miklotov, no Drew Nami, no other people really were available
tonight.
As somebody had suggested, we could do a third co-host through Skype, but I don't know.
There's something about you sitting here in studio and Jamie when she's here sitting in
the studio.
Somebody suggested that was a stupid idea.
Well, no, I don't know.
It might be something to try in the future, but just for right now, it's a little difficult.
You can't get that same.
For me, I know there's a lot of shows, podcasts out there that do the Skype co-host thing,
and if it works for your show, awesome.
That's a great way to get a variety of opinions, but this is just the way we've been doing
it for four years, and in the nine years I've been doing radio, I've never had a co-host
who wasn't in the studio.
I'll just start answering you with a ten-second delay.
How about that?
I guess if the person you're co-hosting with on Skype has a good connection, it's not so
bad, but we'll see.
We have some pretty good connections with our callers, and we will be hearing from them
a little later on in the program.
Of course, our chat room, always the ever-present, tonight, third guest, usually it's the fourth
guest, but tonight they're the third guest.
They get promoted.
I guess our chat room is the co-host substitute tonight, so if you want to join our chat room
and you are listening live here on Sunday night, head on over to www.orangelaunchradio.com
and click on Chat.
All right, let's get into games and start it off, Loki, talking about how was your gaming
week?
My gaming week was great.
I played a lot of Saints Row, and I finally got the 20-hour achievement for that game.
It's fun, and there's actually a whole section of the game I really hadn't explored yet.
It's just a really fun game, so I've been playing that, actually playing through some
of the storyline.
It's one of those games that you are allowed to cheat in it, but you can't get achievement
points doing it, so it feels good to actually play through the game, and to be honest, the
game's not that hard anyways, at least not the part that I'm at.
So I don't know, it's pretty fun.
And the storyline, I like the storyline so far to it, so yeah, it's worth checking out.
Other than that, I've been actually, well, I've been trying to play some PlayStation
2 games, but that didn't happen this week.
I have them all lined up to play next week.
Even games I shouldn't be having to play next week, I will be playing next week.
I see, okay.
But yeah, so lots of good stuff.
There's a lot of people out there that develop games that really leak stuff to the internet
pretty early, so.
And then, of course, just the usual, real quick comment from the chatroom, joshi16 says
the ending to Saints sucks.
Have you gotten that far where you saw the ending?
No, but I don't care.
So what if the ending sucks?
Big deal.
I mean, if your main character doesn't talk, so how great can it be?
I mean, it's just, they should have him do a monologue, that'd be hilarious, because
he's just standing there going, doo doo doo.
You know, a lot of video game endings suck now that I think about it.
It's like Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto's ending sucked, and you beat it so you can
have lots of rockets at your crib, so you can go blow up shit.
That's what I did today, I was, you know, playing, and I blew up cop cars and stuff,
and then I got on the train tracks, and I blew up the L train, and the train fell down,
and usually you can't jump off the tracks without dying, but since there's a big train
pile up next to the tracks, I just jumped on the trains and ran down, and it's fun.
It's fun running around hitting people.
I am looking for, though, because there is an exploit in the game where if you find an
armored car, you can actually take it back to your, you know, crib or whatever, and store
it in your garage, and once you've stored a car in your garage, you basically can respawn
the car numerous times.
Well, the one armored car has money in it, so you respawn it, blow it up, respawn it,
blow it up, and you keep taking the money out of it, so it's a little bit of an exploit,
but not technically cheating, because you're playing with the game's physics.
If that's their mistake, that's fine.
That's why the whole duping glitch in Oblivion, not really cheating, because it was there.
I did not put a code in.
And now the chat room is talking about video game endings, right?
And Jeremy Todd once says, who cares if the ending sucks, if the whole other part of the
game is good, who gives a shit about the ending?
And Joshi16 kind of seems to follow up with that, with saying in response to his comment
earlier, I was just saying, I still like the game.
So what if the ending sucked, huh?
You know what, and if the ending sucks, you just continue playing in multiplayer.
And then of course SmartAss starts its mouth off in the chat room here.
Where is it?
Oh, Joshi16 says the ending to Pac-Man sucks also.
Didn't I just restart?
No, you get a half-board at the very end.
You can actually look it up.
I was on a Wikipedia marathon this week, reading about different video games on Wikipedia,
and one of them I was reading about was Pac-Man, and they actually have a screenshot of the
256th or 255th board, the one that crashes out the machine, and it's only like a half-board.
It's funky looking.
Look it up on Wikipedia.
You shouldn't be playing that game that long anyways.
That is a long time to be playing one game.
I played Pac-Man this week though, because I just wanted to, I guess.
I don't know.
Okay, and I tried playing Totem Ball, and to be honest, I mean, this isn't a huge surprise
to me, because at E3 when I played Totem Ball, it sucked ass because you had people walking
behind you and it just cannot pick up your movements.
The main thing that comes down to these stupid games that use the camera for movement, like
the eye toy, is that in your typical gaming environment, you do not have a giant white
screen behind you to move in front of.
So I don't know what the fuck environment they test this stuff in, which I'm assuming
has a giant white screen behind them, but that does not work in the real world, so stop
making games that don't work in the real world in just a lab environment, because to be honest,
I can't get this game to work at all, and it's just, it's really sad because my room,
I mean, it's lit well enough I would believe, but I guess not.
So I don't want to have to make special lighting arrangements just to be able to play this
game, and to be honest, the game doesn't look that fun, so whatever, it's free, so I don't
feel like I wasted any money, but I'm not going to be buying any sort of eye toy play
compilations down the road for this vision camera, so I don't know.
I think it's kind of dumb.
But then I played Zuma a little bit, because Nelly was hogging it and playing lots of Zuma,
and then I don't know, I just tried to kind of mix it up a bit with the Xbox Live Arcade
games.
All right.
Very cool.
I also played Totem Ball this week, because I got an Xbox Live camera earlier this week,
so I'm finally there and using that online, and I'll tell you the things I like about
the camera, and I'll tell you things I don't like about the camera.
The things I like about the camera is being able to take your own picture, making your
own game or card picture, and having the cool little effects with it.
I think I have a good one now.
Yeah, you have a pretty good one.
I took a very emo picture and did this effect on it.
I wish I could copy it to my MySpace, it would be perfect.
Actually, I'm not sure if you can pull them up, you might be able to pull them up on the
Xbox website.
No, you can't.
It'll show, you know how you have the one that your friends can see, that's your gamer
picture that you took of the camera?
We also have to set the one for what your non-friends see, and that's the one that shows
up on Xbox.com.
That's lame.
So I still have the Doom guy as my icon.
But the other things I like about the camera is video chat is actually really smooth, and
pretty good looking for the camera, provided you don't get a defective one, like Logie
had at first.
I think video chat's pretty awesome, and it's fast, and it's pretty clear.
Some listener I was video chatting with tonight, and they didn't have a camera, so I couldn't
see theirs, but they said that I looked really good, and of course I always look good.
But then we were video chatting earlier in the week, Logie, and it was really smooth,
and plus I made your controller vibrate a lot, for no good reason, just because I could
actually.
Well, then we'll have to video chat later on tonight and I'll just hold down the R button
and shake it up.
Yeah, that's stupid.
Give it to your wife.
She'll enjoy that.
The things I don't like about the camera is totem ball.
Sorry, if you're going to get a camera just so you can play totem ball because it's free
on Xbox Live Arcade, not a selling point for the system, I'm sorry to say, and it basically
boils down to, I mean, the game is an interesting concept, and it seems to be done pretty well
in the graphical sense and all that stuff, but the controls stink.
Controlling it with my hands is no fun at all.
It's fun for about two minutes, and I do have a white wall in this house.
I do have a white background pretty much that I'm playing against.
The lighting is sometimes screwy because the light's coming in from the side, but even
then I didn't have a whole lot of problems with iToy, but this game, I just can't control
it the way I want it to.
It's not that great.
And to be honest, I think it'd be cool if they didn't update to it where you can use
the controller because I'm sure it wouldn't be that hard to program that in, but I mean
that would be nice because the game looks kind of fun.
It might be fun to play, you know, kind of like a marble blast type of game, but it's
not very fun.
I cannot get the damn thing to work, and it's frustrating, and after about two minutes playing
this thing, I'm like, fuck this, I'll go play something else.
And to be honest, if I paid for that, I'd be pissed off, and thank God they didn't,
you know.
They had the extra development time that they had because this game, you know, did come
out a couple weeks after the camera, you know, that they would get it right, but apparently
no, they didn't, so whatever, I guess they were like, fuck it, who cares, it's free.
I'll say this, I did enjoy the pinball minigame that comes with it quite a bit where you use
your hands as the flippers.
I mean, it's kind of just like a one gimmick thing, but the pinball game did not frustrate
me nearly as much as the actual game itself trying to control around, but the pinball
one's easy because you just wave your right hand and it moves the right flipper, you wave
your left hand and it moves the left flipper, and that was more entertaining for me than
the actual game game that was there, so.
I haven't tried the pinball yet.
It doesn't look like totem ball is too popular amongst my friends too, like, I got three
really easy achievements that aren't hard to get, and I think I have the highest gamer
score on totem ball if anybody on my friends list, and about, I have about 70 people on
my friends list, and about 10 or 15 of them have the camera, and you know, you know what
game I actually did play, and I, you know, because I know it supports the camera, was
Bank Shot Billiards 2.
How was that?
You know, it's interesting, I thought there was some 3D support where you can change the
camera angle or something.
I could not find that option whatsoever, so if it's there, it's hidden to me, because
I don't see it, but I did play it.
There was one achievement where you sink the nine ball in on a game of nine ball in the
first break, and I got that the first try, so that wasn't too hard, but the game, the
computer's fucking hard.
Luckily though, you can't adjust the computer difficulty, but it's pretty fun for a billiards
game, you can actually, you have pretty good control over it, so I like it.
Worth 15 bucks?
No, but luckily I got that with my live kit, my one year live kit, it came with it, so
I wouldn't pay $15 for that thing, that thing may be five bucks, but I don't know.
Gotcha.
Let's see, I wanted to mention some chat comments here, there's a lot of them going on here,
mostly a lot of people sharing about their gaming week, let's see, I feel bad I can't
pronounce this name, Tacte Poire, I think that is, says totem ball wasn't free, you
paid for it with the camera, I guess essentially you can kind of look at it that way, let's
see, and Ravens Dolphin says along the same lines, yes guy, it is free, you can't complain,
talking about totem ball, so whatever.
I didn't understand though that they threw in there with the 12 month camera bundle,
which is the one I ended up getting, because I got to swap it out at Gamestop, they only
have the gear bundle left, so some idiot employee gave it to me at equal cost, so I got a free
year of live for, well, free actually, so that was interesting, but it came with Robotron,
you know, and I already own Robotron, but that's the dumbest, I don't, why would you
throw that in there, it doesn't even support the camera, I mean, I just don't get that
at all.
For the live element, being able to play on live, it's a cheap little game that they can,
you know, demonstrate the live.
Put in like, I don't know, like hardwood hearts or something, you know one of the other games
that supports the camera, I would think that they would want camera supported games with
the camera, I don't know.
Alright, let's see what else I do with my gaming week, actually not a whole lot else,
it's pretty much the only new game I played, yeah, I'm rocking my brain here, I can't think
of anything else really new, oh, I'll think of one I played, I went back, because of all
the love I was giving to this game recently on the show, I went back and found a copy
of Civilization 1, and I got it running on the computer, and I took over the world once
this week, it was fun.
That's excellent.
That's one of my favorite games of all time right there, I almost bought Civ 4 for the
PC, but I needed to have a price drop first, because those Civ games always drop in price
later on, so I'm waiting for that.
Well, I was playing also Cookie Mama.
How was Cookie Mama?
It was actually pretty fun, I figured out how to play the game now, so it works pretty
well for me, and it's just like a warrior type of game, it's basically a bunch of mini
games and you cook something, and some are very easy, some are very hard, some will frustrate
the hell out of you because it's just not sensitive enough, or what the case may be,
but I don't know, it's kind of fun, I think you might get bored with it after a while
though, but yeah, that's a really tough thing about the DS games, it's a lot of them, they
have a really short attention span for me, it's not anything I can go back and play and
play and play over and over again, like for example, Grand Theft Auto, I can go back and
play that anytime, and it's still interesting to me, I don't know.
Alright, well that's it for my gaming week, anything else for you?
I believe that's all I had.
Alright, now the chat room was asking us about this, and since we don't have Jamie here tonight
and the segment's a little bit shorter because of it, we got a little time to talk about
this.
Video gaming showed up in a couple shows this week, and of course, one that was very well
known that a lot of people saw was the South Park episode with World of Warcraft, what
did you think?
What did you think of the South Park episode with World of Warcraft?
That was pretty funny, and I probably didn't get a lot of the humor in it because I don't
play World of Warcraft, but it was still funny though, it was hilarious.
I thought it was really well done, but I don't know, for me, I just kind of wish, I don't
know, don't get me wrong, I'm a huge South Park fan and I love the movie, it's one of
my favorite movies ever and I love a lot of the other stuff they do, but this episode
for me, it just wasn't that same satire that I like out of the other stuff.
I don't know, I think the problem was just the plot, I just didn't really like the plot,
it seemed a little, I don't know, I just kind of wish they could have, I think I read a
comment on one of the gaming sites where other people talk about this, where maybe Cartman
could have been running a string of Chinese gold farmers or something, that would have
been funny.
I don't know, it was a little cheesy, but they did a very good job integrating the game
with the show, but because of that, it kind of felt like an infomercial to me.
It felt more like an infomercial, unless it's satire.
Or even better, here's a better description of it, it felt like someone making a machima
of the World of Warcraft game set to the audio track of South Park.
It's like if you were to take a classic episode and just kind of make a machima from it.
And of course, the funniest part of the whole show was, mom, bathroom, bathroom.
But my mind's in the gutter like that, that made me laugh really hard.
And a lot of people, some people are bitching about, oh, the Horde wasn't in it, or oh,
their characters weren't the right levels, and if you're probably complaining about these
types of things, you're probably exactly who these guys were trying to make satire out
of.
Any time you're going to incorporate a game into a TV show, it ain't going to be perfect.
Well, I bet you anything they're trying to do that on purpose.
Probably, and I think all things considered, they did a pretty decent job.
I think, yeah, it would have been nice to see a Horde character in there, because I
play a Horde character myself, but at the same time, the more I think about it, the
more I go, you're starting to look like that fat guy at the computer with the drool and
the chip on his shirt, so I stopped thinking about it.
It's going to be the end of the world of Warcraft.
Did you see The Office with the Call of Duty 2 references?
I saw the clip of it.
I saw like half of it.
I didn't see the whole episode, but I saw like half of it, and it seemed to get it pretty
well.
The Office is funny.
I have to admit, though, I'm a big fan of the British Office, and I watched that whole
one before the American one showed up, and so it's always weird for me to watch the American
episodes of The Office, but it seems like they did a good job making satire a Call of
Duty.
I watched season one and two of The Office, and I just started watching it last night.
I don't have to borrow them.
They're just different shows, except for the very, very first episode, it was the same
plot in the British one and the American one.
We got up through the second episode, which is Diversity Day.
Yeah, yeah.
That's always funny.
All right.
No, you know, I appreciate that the chat room is going to link me to a torrent of The Office,
but I still have it on the DVR.
I'm just being lazy when it comes to watching it, so I will watch the whole thing.
You know what I'm very disappointed about?
I didn't even realize they had started a new season of it yet, drawing together.
There was a new season.
It was horrible.
I watched the season premiere, and it was horrible.
It was horrible.
I'm sorry.
I didn't find it funny at all.
I don't know.
That's another show I really like that had really weird scenes.
It was pretty funny.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyway, now we're turning into TV talk, so we better get back to, I mean, a lot of nerds
like their TV.
They have a link type character in it.
I mean, it's game related a little bit, so whatever.
All right.
Let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
We don't have a whole lot tonight.
Obviously, Jamie will be back this week.
She's out this week.
The DVR previews are continuing tonight.
You'll hear those a little later in this segment.
I want to give a quick shout out to one of our listeners who's in chat tonight, El Mullet,
who hasn't been there for a long, long time, but he says he wanted to come to chat tonight
because he's getting married next week, so he's getting married next Sunday, so he wanted
to have his, I guess, a good last Sunday night hurrah of single life here in the chat room,
so I appreciate that.
I'm wearing the shirt.
You are.
Loki's wearing the shirt we bought him.
Jamie and I got him a shirt before he got married.
It says, Game Over, with the husband frowning and the wife smiling.
It's great.
You've probably seen it on the internet, other places.
It's at Target.
Yeah.
A lot of people have it, but that's cool.
All right.
Anyway.
Any advice for the gamer about to cross into married life?
Hopefully your wife-to-be likes games, otherwise you'll be playing a lot less games.
My suggestion is find something that she likes to do.
My wife is totally jaded on games.
She says, yet she plays Zuma.
I seriously think she's played the 360 more than me this week, and I'm not kidding.
It's like crack to her.
She gets so frustrated if she can't beat certain levels, and she's stuck on level six right
now, and it's just, oh man, she'll be just sitting there for hours, and I'm just like,
can I play Saints Row, and she's like, I'm playing Zuma.
And just so you know, Elle Mullet, we have the stripper coming soon for the chat room
bachelor party.
DMN, go ahead and start taking it off.
Just kidding.
All right.
Let's get into this gaming news, for real.
All right.
So anyways, this week was a whole bunch of Wii news rumors, et cetera, and of course
a lot of them were kind of based around GameStop, and especially since GameStop had their wonderful
annual sales conference in Dallas, lots of information leaking out of there, and of course
lots of secondhand accounts and stuff.
So we don't know how much of this is true, but we're reporting it to you anyways.
One big thing, though, coming out of it was that GameStop said at the show that they would
be the only retail at launch to have Wii demonstration units available in their stores.
And so basically you can go test out the game systems as well.
I don't know if that's entirely true, but maybe at launch, yeah.
Maybe they might be a little bit later to get them to other stores, but I don't know.
You know what I was thinking about with this whole thing, with the GameStop having the
exclusive Wii?
You know, this actually may have some truth in my mind, whereas I think some of the other
rumors we're going to get to are a bunch of poopy.
I think the interesting thing about this, remember when you came on and you did your
episode 198 report, the big one that was really controversial, where you had all these, you
know, things you were talking about, you know, all this upcoming news, and one of the things
you said is that there's not going to be any demo kiosks for the Wii.
They told us that they're not doing demo kiosks for the Wii.
But almost that exact same day, pictures were being posted on the internet elsewhere from
these GameStop EB people that had pictures of the Wii demo unit that was coming in.
But now that this story has come out, I kind of go, this could make both reports accurate,
where of course you guys were told there's not going to be any kiosks because you're
not getting any.
They're all going to GameStop.
And here's the other thing too, our sales rep or whatever from Nintendo deals with only
a certain region, maybe say the West Coast or whatever.
He doesn't deal with, you know, GameStop, you know, which would be the Dallas area.
So where his information might be that there are no kiosks, you know, someone else that
works for Nintendo, yeah, there are kiosks because they're going to GameStop.
So kind of interesting.
It makes sense.
Because I think about that, and I think about trying to put all that together, because I
don't think the reps that were talking to you were full of BS.
I know you're not full of BS, despite what other people on the internet might think.
It kind of adds up for me that this could be true.
And the thing, I think the thing, the major difficulty with having a GameStop kiosk, or
not a GameStop kiosk, but a Wii kiosk is that the controllers don't have a wired version.
There's no one that you can just kind of tie down.
And I mean, sure, you could probably, you know, put some, you know, steel cable on there
or something like that.
Yeah, I don't think it'd be that hard to put a steel cable on.
But I mean, still, it's going to look kind of funky.
Or put a sensor on the back so when someone tries to walk out the door with it, beep,
beep, beep, beep.
That won't stop anybody.
I don't know.
That would come off so easy.
But anyway.
It's an idea.
Geez.
The other news that came out actually.
I want to ask real quick though, what about now, the thing that makes me think this may
not be true is that there was this story earlier about Wal-Mart said that they weren't going
to be doing it or whatever.
And I'm thinking, well, when was Wal-Mart given an option if it's exclusive to GameStop,
right?
Well, who knows?
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.
So take it with a grain of salt.
Maybe, okay, well, let me put it this way.
Maybe they weren't the only ones that were going to be exclusive.
Maybe it was going to be GameStop and Wal-Mart and maybe a few other retailers.
But the retailer said, hey, we don't want this demo unit because we're afraid that
people are going to get hurt.
And to be honest, after seeing some of these people try to navigate the self-checkout,
yeah, they will get hurt because they're too dumb to figure it out.
Jeremy Todd 1 says in our chat room, they could just tie a wire where the wrist strap
goes.
That wouldn't be that hard at all.
Okay.
That's a perfectly good option.
And then I could just take my X-Acto knife out of my pocket and cut the wrist strap.
Okay, it's not going to be...
Steel cable does not exactly cut with...
Oh, oh, oh, I see.
Take out the wrist.
Never mind.
I'm thinking this whole other thing.
Never mind.
And actually, I don't know if that would work either because wrist straps, those little
things on them, the string's pretty thin, so I don't know if you'd be able to stick
steel cable through.
Ah, whatever.
Whatever.
Okay, let's just say you were able to stick steel cable on there.
Steel people are going to throw them at people and it's just...
We'll just see what freaking happens when it happens.
And to be honest...
We're a month away.
Just because they don't have a kiosk setup, they can set up a kiosk type setup anyways.
I mean, you know, who's to say someone can't just bust one of these things open and just
create their own?
So they'll be out there.
Whatever.
Anyways, there's some other news also that GameStop was going to be the first to be...
Or they're going to be selling the Zune in store, so if you have a fascination with the
Microsoft music player, well, there you go.
You can buy it from them.
It's kind of interesting though, because the other mention on this one article is that
this is kind of the first time that they've done this, but if I remember correctly, they
were actually selling Creative Nomads in their store as well.
Maybe not iPods, but they have been selling music playing devices.
Now some of the more unbelievable rumors from the whole GameStop thing, one of them being
that the GameStop Wii kiosk is going to require a credit card to be able to be used.
So I imagine with this kind of logic here, probably giving them your license or credit
card so you don't walk out with the Wii controller, maybe so that they don't have to strap them
down.
I don't know why, when I first read this story, I imagined in my mind having to slide your
credit card through the Wii demo thing, and I'm like, no way!
I would never do that, because they might charge me for something.
So it'll force me to put a pre-order on the Wii, like all that peer pressure they give
you at those stores.
That makes more sense though, it's kind of like playing pool at a bar, you have to give
them your driver's license so you don't walk out with the cue ball.
I guess, but then again, I hope they don't do this, but I guess you have to, because
people walk away with this stuff, so better safe than sorry, I guess.
I still do think overall it's probably a BS story.
JeremyTodd1 in chat brings up a good point, this can't be true!
Nintendo's trying to market to everybody here, so why would they make the kiosk only available
to older people who have a credit card, that's a very good point.
Or driver's license, yeah, seriously.
I don't think so.
Another story though, coming out of the whole GameStop conference thing, they're saying
that basically GameStop, the PS3 pre-orders are based on loyal customers.
Basically from an anonymous tip given to Kotaku from a GameStop manager, each GameStop store
will receive an average of six systems, more for the higher volume stores and less for
the dead stores.
One of two systems can be given to employees at their store manager's discretion, I don't
think so, but that doesn't sound right at all.
The rest are going to be given out to store regulars.
If a manager feels that he has a customer who is very loyal, shops there often, reserves
many things, they may call them and ask them if they want to guarantee one of the remaining
four consoles.
Apparently all four of the remaining consoles are handed out in this fashion.
That doesn't even sound right at all.
Not every GameStop will get the same amount of PS3s, I don't think.
It would depend on volume, so that whole, you know, you get four or whatever, no, don't
buy it.
That's a crap policy too.
There'd be so much scandal that goes along with that.
And they're not going to go away.
And to be honest, they're not going to give them to employees at all.
If they're going to get four or six, you know, they're not going to do it.
And I think that kind of goes with other stories that we've had about the reservations.
Right.
I just want to say real quick, by the way, we had an issue in our chat room, if you're
listening live on Sunday, where apparently some folks were not able to get in because
somehow the limit got set on the chat room.
That's been removed.
I just took it off.
So if you've been trying to join chat and weren't having any luck, try again, you should
be able to get in now.
And these are chat rooms that full though.
Excellent.
All right.
So no PS3 preorders from regulars, huh?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, there might not be any preorders from anyone at all.
1UP is speculating this week that at the annual GameStop conference held last Saturday in
Dallas.
Quote, the great thing is there is a lot of demand, said Steve Morgan, president of GameStop,
but launch is one day.
And really the key to this business is what flows after the launch.
We did learn a lesson last year.
I think the lesson is caution and optimism at the same time.
GameStop's decision not to guarantee your hardware preorder is by no means carved in
stone.
But from this point, it seems a pretty sure thing from a strictly business point of view.
Last year, GameStop caught some heat after it mistakenly took in more Xbox 360 preorders
than it had the capacity to fulfill.
Certainly, that would be correct.
We all remember people were blaming GameStop when they couldn't get their Xbox 360s.
But people were saying what they promised them.
But certainly, they've learned their lesson, it sounds like, and they won't be doing that
again anytime soon.
But the other thing I heard was that that's not exactly true either, that they are going
to be getting some or they're going to be starting taking preorders because this is
basically the point that they made.
Look at Hawaii.
Hawaii's been doing preorders for the PlayStation 3, and we right now are testing that thing
out.
So yes, they are taking preorders on it, but they're saying that the preorders are probably
not going to start until November.
You might start seeing less information about the GameStop stuff circulating the internet.
A report came in to Gotaku earlier this week that says that basically, the GameStop employees
have been told to shut their mouths.
I'm a manager at an EB GameStop location, and recently we received this great little
scare notice to pass around the store.
Basically it's been sent in response to all the news about the PS3 Wii preorders, as well
as to scare employees off from buying PS3s and selling them online.
So interesting.
It was this interesting little cease and desist, and you can read the whole thing if you go
over to Gotaku and you can click and find the whole thing.
But it's basically your typical, you know, we'd like to issue a friendly reminder about
the company policy, blah, blah, blah type thing.
So in other words, yeah, stop coming on the internet and blabbing everything because man,
people can't keep their mouths shut when it comes to some of these rumors.
That's kind of funny.
Well, one of these people that can't keep their mouths shut about rumors or release
dates and stuff would be me.
And well, there's lots of good stuff coming, well not a whole lot of good stuff, but still
some pretty good stuff coming out this week on all the systems.
Starting off with the DS, and Rob, apparently I was wrong earlier, Clubhouse Games is coming
out this week.
Alright!
So that would be pretty good.
Crash Boom Bang, if you happen to be craving some Crash the Bandicoot party games, I don't
know, might be something for you.
Anyways, we also have Legend of Spyro A New Beginning coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox
and the GameCube.
If you have a 360, yeah you can play the Xbox version of that if you're really craving some
Legend of Spyro.
Also Avatar is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox, the GameCube, and all the portable
systems as well.
Should be pretty cool.
You're a fan of the Family Feud, that's going to be coming out on PlayStation 2 and Game
Boy Advance.
Worst game I've played at E3, I'm sorry to say.
And don't get me wrong, I love the Feud.
I love the Richard Dawson days where he'd make out with all the women on the show, but
something is just not right in the past 20 years now with Family Feud.
So sorry to say.
Mortal Kombat Armageddon also coming out this week on PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
Oh, that's this week.
Oh, very cool.
Maybe not so much on the Xbox this week, because I mean the date we have in our system right
now, somehow Midway moved their date just on the Xbox version, so don't be surprised
if you don't see it in stores this week, but you know, it is slated though for this week
though for PlayStation 2 and Xbox, so.
But whatever, anyways, then of course on, you've got Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 on PlayStation
2 and Xbox as well as PSP.
For the PC, you're getting a few things.
Warhammer 4000 Dawn of War Dark Crusade, Devil May Cry 3 Dante's Awakening Special Edition
on the PC, also Tiger Woods PGA Tour Golf 07, and Dirt Origin of Species.
Alright.
So that should be pretty good.
Next week's going to be lots of good stuff, including Bully.
Oh, okay.
And you're going to be getting that I'm sure?
I'll be getting it one way or another.
Alright.
Let's see.
Next week in Japan, I've got Japanese release dates for you, or I should say this week in
Japan, not a whole lot of pickings for you guys in Japan this week.
It's kind of a slow week.
MotoGP 2006 is on its way, along with Rockstar Table Tennis making its way in Japan this
week.
I also forgot one in PlayStation 2, and this one is awesome, God Hand is coming out this
week.
Oh.
And definitely worth checking out.
I'll actually have a review for that next week.
That's one of the games I have on my slate to play.
Alright.
Sounds good.
Jamie's not here tonight, so sorry to our European listeners, but we're just going to
not do your dates tonight.
No, I'm kidding.
I got you guys covered.
Here we go.
Coming out this week, the week of the 13th, you guys have Crazy Frog Racer and English
Training on the DS, you know, because your English isn't good.
No, I'm kidding.
Obviously, that's going to other territories besides just Britain probably will be released
in the other European territories.
The Power Stone Collection on the PSP, a lot of people saying there's the reason to get
a PSP right there.
I'll tell you what.
I played it at E3, not the same magic at the Dreamcast.
I can't explain it.
It's just not the same magic, but hey, if you're a Power Stone fan, you might get a
kick out of this.
And then Resident Evil 4 Platinum Edition making its way to PlayStation 2 along with
Wild Arms 4, Steam Bot Chronicles also on the PlayStation 2 this week.
If you're a Game Boy Advance player, Rebel Star Tactical Command coming out for the GBA
this week in Europe.
Have fun.
Cool.
Some interesting information, which is not, well, I shouldn't say it's too surprising,
but Miyamoto's actually come out to say that the Wii is, well, the hardware is basically
a GameCube.
And, you know, that's kind of like saying a Pentium 4 is basically a Pentium 1.
Basically that it's on the same kind of architecture as the original GameCube, but of course, it's
going to be a little bit more souped up, you know, kind of like, you know, how a DS is
almost a Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Advance is almost a Super Nintendo and so on and so
forth.
And, yeah, I mean, big deal.
I mean, that's not a big surprise seeing all these games ported from the GameCube over
to the Wii, so.
Well, you know, now the anti-Nintendo fan base, though, is like, you know, oh, you're
paying $250 for a controller.
Have fun, suckers.
And, you know, people are also saying about, you know, Super Smash Brothers.
I just saw a post in the live-drama community this afternoon that was talking about, you
know, Smash Brothers that's coming out on the Wii is not really going to be using the
Wii functionality in the main game, which is not much of a surprise.
I mean, you know, I kind of wouldn't want it to, but now they're saying, why don't
they just do it on the GameCube then?
Well, just because it's, well, the specs are still upgraded just because, it's just
like saying, you know, a PC nowadays, you know, which is still based on the same architecture
as a PC from like, say, 15 years ago, I mean, granted, they're not the same thing, but
they're based off the same architecture, so, so, you know, big deal.
Like I say, play the games.
If you like the games, great.
Who cares about specs?
I mean, you know, I don't give a shit of how many USB ports are on this thing.
It does not matter.
So, just play the games.
If you like them, great.
I mean, after all, Pac-Man wasn't really pushing, you know, the graphics or anything, so, whatever.
Alright.
Bandit in our chat room says, Miyamoto said it himself that the Wii is a souped-up GameCube.
Certainly a quote a lot of people have been running with this week.
I saw that posted on a lot of blogs, but, you know, so, Sony said that the PlayStation
3 is future proof.
I don't care cancer, so, I mean, I don't believe that either, but whatever.
Alright.
Well, if you are excited to be getting your hands on a Wii soon, good news for you.
The Wii production is exceeding expectations.
According to UBS, 2 million Wii consoles were completed in the third quarter, July to September,
to support the upcoming fourth quarter launch.
In addition, at least 7 million, and potentially as high as 9 million more units, are in the
build plan for the fourth quarter of 2006.
This production ramp handily exceeds a publicly announced target for 6 million units to ship
by year-end.
So, Nintendo may have been playing it conservative a little bit with their launch numbers, and
they may have more.
I still think, if you want to get this on launch day, you probably are going to be having
to do the pre-order or the campout or one of those things.
I don't think you're going to be able to walk into the store and pick one up if you didn't
do some type of pre-planning.
And it's great that they're going to have that many units, but this thing's on all the
Christmas lists, all the different retailers' Christmas lists, and once they launch their
marketing campaign for this, it's going to be the hot Christmas item, so you better get
on those pre-order lists as soon as you can.
How important are the launch days, you think?
Because there's been a lot of focus in the past couple generations of gaming about the
launch day and how the launch goes.
We had the Xbox 360 launch, which was this big ass deal, and the Wii launch is shaping
up to be huge as well.
PlayStation 3, it's kind of getting some mixed reactions, but certainly if you're a hardcore
Sony person, this is something you're looking forward to as well.
But how important is launch day?
Because I go back and I think about PlayStation 2, and I think about, I remember seeing the
lines on TV and stuff, but I don't remember being so excited about a PlayStation 2 right
on launch day.
How important is the launch, and yet the PlayStation 2 was still the most successful of the last
gen.
It's just the bragging.
It's the E-Penis thing.
It's basically, I've got the console and you don't, or I'm playing it first.
Everyone's got to be first.
So I don't know.
I think what's important is how many units they can sell by the end of the year.
Right now in the U.S., I believe there are up to about 3 million Xbox 360 units.
Don't count on me on that, but I think that's about where they're at.
I think worldwide they're about 6 million.
And if they can sell 4 million Wii units in the United States alone, and I'm sure they're
going to be able to sell all 9 million units of the Wii, they're going to blow past the
competition really quick.
And that's going to probably show something to publishers, because to be honest, publishers
are going to make games mainly for those systems that have the most units out there because
they can sell more units of their game.
And that's going to be important when you don't want this thing being like the GameCube
where it didn't sell as many units, and so the third-party publishers didn't really support
that system.
Whereas now, if they can blow 9 million units away by the end of the year worldwide, that's
going to be a big, like, hello, pay attention to this.
But again, this is all speculation and what-ifs.
Exactly.
So the damn thing could tank, for all we know.
It could.
It could very well tank, but I don't think so.
I think four-hour lines of E3 pretty much tell you it's not going to tank.
Alright, we'll see.
Bandit in our chat room says, Best Buy better not say, oh, you can buy a Wii from us, but
only as a package deal.
Agreed.
They are.
I bet you they will, because, and this is something that I will not buy at a Best Buy.
Well, I'm going to tell you why they're going to do that, though.
The reason why they're going to do that is because there's no margins on this thing.
That's one thing I mentioned a couple episodes ago, is that the margins on the Wii system
is only a few bucks, and they have to sell it in a bundle to make money off this thing,
because they're only making like ten bucks off of each system, so it makes sense to bundle
it with some controllers and, say, a game.
I know our company-
Well, that's going to be what dooms the sales of the Wii, if it-
Not necessarily.
I mean, you don't have to buy it that way, because you can go into a Walmart or whatever
and buy it just by itself.
But some of these companies are going to want to try to do this, and you just don't have
to buy from them.
Or if you're really desperate to get the system at launch, then yeah, you will buy that.
But I don't know.
No one's saying anything for sure, but don't be surprised that they do, because they've
done it in the past with other systems.
Anoush in our chat room says, Sky, do you know of any major stores that are doing a
midnight release?
I imagine a lot of them.
Imagine most will probably have to.
Who did ones for Xbox 360?
That's probably who's going to do them for Wii.
I mean, you can just kind of go down that list right there.
Whoever did them for Xbox 360 is probably going to do them for Wii.
I know a lot of GameStops do them for Madden, and just games, not even systems.
So I would imagine if there's a big GameStop in your area, or EB, any of those type, they
will probably be doing a big midnight party.
God, does that mean we have to go out and report on a midnight launch?
Fuck no.
Why do I have to go out there, dude?
I'm getting mine early.
For the goodness of better journalism.
Yeah, okay.
Listen, I don't want to be like the news crew, because you know every fucking year they always
have some stupid station.
Look, there's people outside waiting in the cold for their new game system.
What's this new game system?
The why?
Why must you have the Nintendo why?
It's Wii.
Why?
Why is it called...
It's Wii.
Why?
I believe I may have actually already committed this program to be working with other podcasters
in some type of Wii news live on launch night.
By the way, there's a staff meeting after the show.
Way to go, Rob.
Loser.
One of the games you might be expecting, I'm not sure if at launch, Bionicle Heroes is
going to be heading to the Wii, and Bionicle Heroes is going to be pretty good.
It's actually done by Traveler's Tale, which I believe is people behind Lego Star Wars
and the Lego Star Wars original trilogy game, so of course you would imagine, okay, Lego's
game, Bionicle Heroes, yeah, makes perfect sense.
This of course, information coming from the ESRB website, which seems to be leaking a
lot of info on upcoming games for the Wii, so look for that soon.
All right.
I will.
Thank you for that.
Excellent.
A lot of people were bitching about the Wii not having a wireless, or I'm sorry, a wired
internet port in it because of course it supports the wireless internet, but what if your house
isn't wired for wireless?
Then you're screwed, right?
Not necessarily.
Not necessarily.
Here's the thing, the dongle, remember the dongle that you got for the Nintendo DS?
You can use that on your Wii, and that was something I had speculated a while back that
you could probably do, so that's pretty cool.
So that's something you can do.
Also, Nintendo has announced they are going to provide an ethernet kit so that you can
directly connect the console to a standard internet router.
It's going to go from USB to ethernet.
Probably.
Yeah.
Good job Nintendo in squelching that little cry of...
I can't imagine those would be too expensive.
I guess...
Well, how much was the other dongle?
$30?
$35?
It's like $25 or something.
I'm going to be honest though, if you're going to be spending that kind of money to get your
Wii online, you might want to think about just upgrading to a wireless router for your
house.
They're not that expensive these days.
Yeah, wireless router, and if you really don't want to spend the money, just spend $25 on
the wireless thing, because then that way you can use the Wi-Fi with your DS as well.
And with your PSP, I think.
So...
Why not?
Al Mullet brings up a good point.
You can use the dongle on your Wii.
Why doesn't that sound right?
I don't know.
Good point.
It sounds dirty.
You know, I wonder what's kind of interesting about that?
I wonder if you could use...
No, no, you wouldn't be able to use that.
I was going to say use the Xbox 360 one, but that's $99, and that plugs into the Ethernet
port anyways.
All right, anyways, sorry.
I digress.
Now, there's been a lot of, in the past, people cheating in MMOs, basically hiring people
to farm gold for them or to sell accounts to them that are high level and stuff like
that.
And they're kind of doing something like that on the Xbox 360 with someone's gamertag.
That's right.
Someone actually has their gamertag and their Xbox 360 hard drive up on eBay for sale.
The gamertag rants6, who has, by the looks of it, over 30,000 points on their gamer score.
From what I understand, this is actually the number one ranked gamer score on my gamer
card net, I guess so.
The guy's got 19 bids as of right now, as of when Xbox 360 updates reported it.
They've actually, and the biddings end up to $5,000 already.
And the reason why the guy's selling it, well, he's buying a PS3.
Very interesting.
Interesting.
But why would you buy this just to have the gamer score?
You know, this kind of goes along with another story that it didn't make our show roll for
tonight, but surely a lot of you guys have heard about this.
There's that company out there that's offering to inflate your gamer score or earn you 3,000
gamer score points for, what was it, 3,000 points for 200 bucks, something like that.
Why?
Why would you do that?
For about 10 bucks, you can do the same thing, and even more than that.
And why you would even want to spend this kind of money.
What do you mean, for 10 bucks, you can do the same thing?
There's ways you can inflate your gamer score.
You can cheat.
How?
How?
Saves.
Saves.
Saves.
Saves.
Transferring game saves.
Certain game saves on games will actually unlock achievement points for you.
I got you.
Okay.
Or you can actually hack saves to do that as well.
Why you would spend $300 on this?
Why would you even give away your personal account to some stranger that's beyond me?
I don't know.
But I bet you anything, this is what they're doing, is they're just $300 for like 10 minutes
of work.
Oh, whoops.
That story wasn't a show roll.
It was the next thing I was supposed to go over.
Oh, well.
Well, excellent.
We talked about it now.
We prepped really hard for tonight's show, ladies and gentlemen.
Hooray.
Well, that's pretty awesome that you mentioned that.
Yeah, so let's just keep it moving.
Anyways.
I'm a psychic.
You know, I'm glad that there's people out there actually concentrating on Xbox Live
because it just wasn't really that annoying yet.
And so now there's a brand new device out there for Smack Talking called Smack Talk.
It's $29.99.
It's basically a little device that plugs into your headphone port on your Xbox 360
controller and it allows you to record five different Smack Talks into the device.
So you can push the button at any time to release an automated, you know, blah, blah,
blah.
I pwned you, noob.
You know, stuff like that, so hooray.
Or what most people do is like, you know, take South Park recordings from that World
of Warcraft episode, you know, total pwnage, and they just let him put it on the stupid
thing.
Yeah, so it comes through.
You know, because, you know, it's all.
You know what's going to be on mine when I get one of these.
Draw four, bitch.
Just kidding.
I'm not getting one.
I want to point out some of the chat in our chat room about the whole inflating your gamer
score thing.
El mullet has a method, one, sign up with Gamefly, two, rent four games at a time, three,
play the games, four, earn mad points.
And VX JasonXV agrees with that.
Just freaking play.
Seriously.
And Jeremy Todd one wants to ask, Loki, if you could sell your account for $5,000, would
you?
Sure would, because I'll just start a new one.
Who cares?
El mullet would like to share he's almost at 10,000 points through the Gamefly renting
method.
I think he does have the highest score on my friends list.
I just don't have time to play that many games.
I have that many games, too, to play, but I just don't have the time.
SSJ wants to know what are the five pre-programmed things in the Smack Talk device.
He says, FAG, FUCK, BITCH, OWNED, RETARD are the five that will be pre-programmed.
Yay.
He said FAG.
Why, people, why?
Well one of these games you may or may not be Smack Talking on is NBA Live 07, but I'll
tell you where the Smack Talk's going right now.
It's going to EA.
Quote from this community, NBA Live community letter to EA from nbalive.org, quote, at one
time EA was producing the best titles money could buy and one had little reason to look
elsewhere.
Now gamers have a sense that if you want the best, it's not EA.
Whether it's looking at the NBA 2K series for our basketball game fix, users leaving
Battlefield 2 because they feel the problems will never be addressed, or former FIFA players
moving on to Pro Evolution winning XI, it's a sense that we are all sharing.
We look at NBA Live over the last few years and we see the same basic game being re-released
with new fancy features.
You know, it's kind of funny because that's what all the non-sports games fans say about
these games.
You know, when they don't understand Madden 06, they go, it's just a roster update.
It's even worse.
It kind of is.
Even the fans are admitting it's just a roster update now.
It's even worse with FIFA.
FIFA, they release two games a year.
The same elemental problems from the last few years are still there.
Some have been tweaked, but the overall issue still exists.
While there are plenty of new features, it gives the impression that EA is saying in
response to the lingering issues, yeah, well hey, look at this.
Be it an All-Star Weekend, Superstar Moves, or Dynasty editions, while those editions
are nice to have, it is piling on a base that cannot support it instead of addressing the
underlying fractures.
EA is just constructing a new structure on the old crumbling foundation.
On this letter, they put YouTube links to actual videos of the game being buggy.
Very interesting rise up of the fan community against this, especially that part where they
say they're all going to go play NBA 2K.
That's pretty...
Them's fighting words.
You've got to talk in numbers because, you know, they keep buying the games, you know.
I would be very interested to see if EA responds to this at all.
Probably not.
If they don't, that's...
I don't know.
I mean, you can probably lose these rabid fans on the internet and still make money
on the game, but, you know, you need to do something about this free publicity or it's
going to go away.
Well, you know what?
I mean, all EA seems to care about nowadays is money anyways.
I mean, you saw the stories about how they're releasing, you know, Madden tutorial videos
on how to throw passes and stuff, and they're charging on Xbox Live or, you know, Marketplace
for this stuff, and it's basically stuff that should have been included in the game in the
first place, and now they're charging, you know, premium content for this.
Fuck them.
A lot of responses in our chat room.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, EA's response, blame Canada, not us.
Deep Man says, EA games is never going to lose money as long as they're publishing Maxis
games.
JoeShe16 says, EA will not acknowledge their own faults.
Black Wolf says, EA's response, you already bought our game, bitches.
Interesting.
Yeah.
I mean, you bought them, so whatever.
I would just, you know, wait to play them or wait to buy them, you know, wait for the
reviews to come out so you can find out if it's buggy or not because, you know, this
year actually 2K7 got a way better review than live, so we'll see.
All right.
All this news about buggy games makes me angry.
You shouldn't, you should release your game with minimal faults.
I mean, there's going to be bugs and everything, but minimal faults and not try to patch it
all in the back end, or just not playing patch at all like some companies do, so that makes
us angry.
So you know what that means.
It's time for the FUs of the Week.
You got it.
Since Jamie's not here tonight, I will enter an FU to traffic on her behalf because that's
her typical FU.
Loki, should I be entering an FU to traffic on your behalf as well?
I don't know.
I wasn't really driving that much this week.
No, I'm going to say FU to stupid people that are trying to use the self-checkout because
it actually takes longer for them to self-checkout than it would to check out normally, and I
think that's kind of funny sometimes that, you know, they put self-checkout place, you
know, machines in these stores that, you know, people are not smart enough to actually be
able to use, like Walmart, for example.
There should not be self-checkout at Walmart because, my God, these people don't understand
anything other than hunting games, so please remove the self-checkout from Walmart or like
block it off, you know, I can test, you know, you should have a smart card, you know.
I'm a smart person.
I should be able to use this device.
You're dumb.
Go away.
I have a much lamer FU to enter in tonight.
My FU would go to BeatMania 2DX, specifically doubles mode, because it's hard.
It's really hard, like, you know, I can pass, I'm okay at the regular seven-key mode, but,
well, actually I've lost a lot of skill because I haven't played a lot regularly, so FU did
that, the fact that there's no working BeatMania 2DX arcade machine in town anymore, but I
really suck at doubles.
I mean, I've been trying to use your controller to play doubles, and I passed, like, some
fours, but that's about it.
I suck.
It's very humbling to go from being able to pass sevens and some flashing sevens to, like,
oh shit, I can only play fours now because I'm doing doubles.
Well, I can only play fours, and some fours, not even all of them, because I suck at doubles.
Of course, the people that don't play BeatMania that listen to this show is like, what the
hell is he talking about?
What the hell is that?
It's so hard, but anyways.
Some interesting stuff coming out about NBA 2K7, actually, for the PlayStation 3, which
will be coming out around launch.
What's interesting, and, you know, you might remember before when they were talking about
the PlayStation 3 how it's going to support up to seven controllers on one system, because
it has the limitations of Bluetooth, but NBA 2K7 will support seven players offline, which
is pretty interesting.
Seven players is kind of an odd number.
I would think six players would be good enough, since it's, you know, three on three.
Do any of you have that many friends?
I don't have that many friends.
I have four controllers, and I never play with four friends, because no one wants to
play.
It's so lonely.
All in all, I'll come over and play, but not NBA, because I suck at those games.
Double dribble for life, man.
Double dribble.
But, see, like, three on three would be cool for, like, NBA Street or something like that,
you know, where they actually have three on three, but seven players is kind of, you know,
so you have three on one and four on the other.
They should have one person that's the ref.
That'd be funny.
Or the mascot.
Or the cheerleader.
Cheerleader.
Excellent.
That'd be cool.
So, new peripherals are coming out for the PlayStation 3.
Of course, I can't remember if we mentioned it last week, but the controller's being named
the Sixaxis.
Didn't we talk a little bit about that last week?
I can't remember if that was last week or not, but, of course, the controller's officially
been dubbed the Sixaxis, and IGN's posted some very nice little screenshots of all these
devices that are coming out, and, by the way, have you been to GameStop recently?
I saw some big banner ads for PlayStation 3 and Wii in the store, like, kind of place-holding
where they're going to put them up on the wall when they get those systems in.
Not yet.
You can see a nice, big, clear picture of the PlayStation 3 controller on there.
And then the memory card USB.
Well, I don't really need to see a big, clear, you know, controller picture because I've
touched it.
Whatever.
Whatever.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying.
If you want to see one.
I like the remote, though.
Yeah, the remote's pretty cool.
The remote has, like, 10,000 buttons.
It looks like one of those all-in-one style remotes.
Looks like a Harmony remote for the 360.
I'm still weirded out by the whole Spider-Man font on the PlayStation 3, though.
Did you like that remote that they had, the Harmony one, made by Logitech?
You're like, that remote's $150?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I still remember seeing that at Best Buy or whatever.
I was like, what the?
You don't need to spend $150 on a remote unless it will never get lost.
But if it's that big, it probably won't ever get lost, so maybe it would be worth it.
I don't know.
It should be, like, attached to the PS3.
Anyways, one thing that Sony's been combating, other than a lot of bad press, is that the
PlayStation 3 is overheating and having, you know, some sort of a similar problem as the
Xbox 360 did.
And this is basically coming from Tokyo Game Show because a lot of the units were overheating.
But from what I heard about Tokyo Game Show, that place wasn't air-conditioned.
Wouldn't that fucking suck?
I mean, as hot as it is in, you know, E3, let alone without AC, fuck that.
I wouldn't go.
That's a good deterrent, though.
They should do that.
Turn off the air.
But, um...
Then the place would smell so awful.
Oh, it probably does anyways.
So anyways, so yeah.
Basically they were having overheating problems at Tokyo Game Show because, you know, the
temperature of the building, which is so high.
What's interesting, though, is I didn't hear about any overheating problems on the 360
or you know, the Wii's or anything like that from Tokyo Game Show, so...
I don't know.
I guess we'll see at launch.
This is why I don't...
I don't know.
I don't know if I want to buy a PlayStation 3 at launch.
It's just too much stuff to get wrong.
Plus, that thing weighs about 15 pounds from what I heard.
I've already decided I'm not getting one to launch because there's nothing coming out
at launch I'm interested in playing.
Exactly.
Sorry, Sony fans.
That's just how I honestly feel about it.
There's nothing I really want at launch.
It's all about the games for me, you know.
Maybe if they had a Twisted Metal or maybe, I don't know.
Oh, I don't know.
Final Fantasy 13 or something.
Final Fantasy 13 would be cool, but to be honest...
Well, then that would be kind of stupid seeing as 12's coming out at the end of October,
but still, you know, you still get my point.
There needs to be something...
And if there is something like that, then I need to be hearing about it real soon.
What do you think about those rumors that, of course, you know, this is nothing new,
but that the launch is actually going to be delayed?
They seem to be really picking up steam this week.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I mean, think about what happened in the spring.
Oh, yeah, it's coming out.
It's coming out in spring.
It's coming out in spring.
It's summer now.
Oh, yeah, it's not coming out in spring.
I forgot to mention.
Oh, yeah.
That sucks.
I wouldn't be surprised if I see the news story for it, but right now I'm going to expect
it to come out November 17th, and when it doesn't, I'll just be like, well, that's nothing
new, but if they fucking miss this year's Christmas, that ain't good.
That's not good at all.
They're going to have another Neo Geo on their hands.
All right.
Well, there's some additional information out there on the PlayStation 3's interface
this week.
There's a video that shows up on GameTrailers.com, and it was a video that was taken during Tokyo
Game Show.
The video will show the web browser that's integrated into PlayStation 3.
Now, there's something 360 doesn't have on it that makes PS3 stand out a little bit.
I'm surprised that they don't have that.
Yeah, I'm kind of surprised, too.
NBA 2007 is in the video running at 1080p at 60 frames a second.
It shows a little bit of the PSP connectivity, some of the photo browser stuff, and the visualizer
that goes with the music.
Really think PlayStation Portable interface, that's the PlayStation 3 interface.
Well, at least it's consistent.
It is, but straight down to pop the game in, you have the background change and the little
animation icon video or whatever.
Yeah, same thing, so not a huge surprise.
What is kind of surprising, though, is that the PSP, there's been a lot of stuff going
on in the homebrew community for the PSP, including, and this is very interesting, a
brand new device that someone's actually creating called the PSP Touch Me.
Where did the PSP touch you?
Show me on the doll where it touched you.
It's actually going to be a device that plugs into the USB port and puts kind of a glass
screen over the actual screen, and you'll be using a stylus with it as a touch screen.
It's kind of interesting to see homebrew people come out with this stuff, thinking of ideas
that Sony themselves probably didn't even consider.
Even if Sony themselves came out tomorrow and said, hey, we're going to sell this touch
screen adapter for the PSP, would it, because like you say, the stuff has to be out there
for the games to be made for it.
That's why peripherals traditionally have not done very well, because they weren't very
well supported on the game front, so why would the PSP release a touch screen officially
if no third party games are going to support it?
I don't think they would anyways.
They might be accused of copying.
So what the hell can I use this for?
Homebrew games, which is only going to support some homebrew games right now, and it's designed
to use as an add-on, and it will cost you $56.
No word on when it's going to be released, but it looks pretty cool.
I don't know.
I'm not buying one, but it's kind of neat.
I think it's neat that the community came together and built that.
I think that's the neatest part of it for me.
They built a GPS device for this thing already, so...
Isn't there an official one now?
There is an official GPS device that's coming out later this year.
Could that happen where Sony decides to make an official one, or would they not do that
out of fear of being called Nintendo copiers?
I don't think they would.
I think they think it's gimmicky.
They didn't get any.
They did die twice, so I don't know.
But I mean, look at some of the cool stuff homebrew is doing.
They released a custom firmware this week also, a 2.71 firmware that runs homebrew games.
So you can run your current games right now for the PSP and homebrew without any modification.
The only thing is you can't upgrade yours using an official upgrader that comes out
later on, but you can always downgrade it back to 1.5 and then upgrade again if you
really wanted to.
But come on, they've broken every firmware that they come out with, so that's pretty
awesome though.
That's going to start to bring this segment to a close.
We're going to get into the DDR previews first.
We have been premiering over the past several weeks some new tracks from Dance Dance Revolution
Ultramix 4 coming out for the Xbox very soon.
Later this month, right?
This is last we heard.
Yeah.
Don't know.
Wait, what?
Ultramix 4.
Oh, no, no, that's in the middle of November 9th.
Oh, I thought it was this month.
No, November.
Well, shoot.
Well, that's all right.
It seems like there's been a lot of good reaction to the songs we've been playing so far, so
it'll be well worth the wait for a lot of folks, I think.
People are still busy with Supernova trying to figure out how to beat Pizza Box and all
that.
I completely forgot the mention about stuff about Universe and the price of it, which
you know, and I'm going to say this is kind of preliminary right now because I don't...
This is not coming to us from official sources.
This news that Loki's about to give is not from an official source.
It's from his distribution channels.
Yes, exactly.
Universe, $49.99 for the game by itself, $79.99 for the game plus a pad, which I don't understand
why they would do a by-the-self version of the game seeing as there's no pad for the
360 yet, so I don't know.
But hypothetically, the pad's going to have to be USB, right?
It is USB.
So does that mean if I happen to own a Red Octane pad that had the USB for my StepMania,
then I could use that on the 360?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Well, I mean, is it going to show into your system as two different games that there are
not two different games?
Well, it might not know.
Depends on how it maps out because, you know, that's compatible with the PC, you know, where
you can map the keys for a USB controller, but you can't just plug any USB controller
into the 360 and it will automatically work, so whether it supports it or not.
Well, take it with a little bit of a grain of salt, but those look to be the preliminary
prices for the game.
Yeah, it's just like BeatMania for the US, remember how we announced originally that
it had two SKUs, one without the controller, one with the controller, and then later on
they decided we're just going to do the one with the controller because no one has the
controller yet in the United States, which is stupid, but yeah.
That makes sense.
All right.
Well, let's get into some previews from DDR Universe, which is coming out sometime this
winter and DDR UltraMix 4.
We're going to start it off tonight with a song from DDR UltraMix 4, and our good buddy
Midihead also does songs under the name Monolithic, in fact, I believe that was the first name
he was using, and we call him our good buddy because he actually does the intro to our
show here at Orange Launch Radio.
If you ever wondered where that little ditty at the beginning of our program came from,
that was actually written by him.
Well, he has a song that's going to be in DDR UltraMix 4, and it's called Arms, the
Alpha Omega Extended Mix, and we're going to play it for you right now on the DDR Sneak
Eeks Orange Launch Radio.
It doesn't take so long, running in the gauntlet of my fears, drained of all my energy, slippin'
in the sea of all my tears, feelin' what is cold as I start to freeze, shoutin' out for
help as I go down, deep inside this liquid grave, the water rushes in, I start to drown,
you reach for my hand and hope to say, I looked upon you, concerned was in your eyes, your
tears, they hurt my back, seized me from sorrow, and dried the pain away, so I could
find another day, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got
you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've
got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn
so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn
so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn
so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn
so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got
you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't
turn so bad, now that I've got
you in your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that
I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in your arms, it doesn't turn
so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
your arms, it doesn't turn so bad, now that I've got you in
