If this is your first time tuning into Orange Lounge Radio, remember, or hear for the first
time that our show is released in two parts every week.
We tape live on Sunday nights and then split it up and release it to our podcast feed twice
a week.
So if you want to hear all the news we talked about in Part A, you've got to go download
Part A. But now it's time for Part B, isn't it, Loki?
Yes, it is.
And as we mentioned in Part A, Final Fantasy XII has been pirated to the internet.
Not too surprising, games have been pirated before, but it's 30 days before the game has
set the release in the United States.
And that's pretty interesting, that it's pirated.
So anyways, the ISO's leaked to torrent sites and various news group sites, none of which
I'm a member of, and it's apparently legitimate from the people that have it, not me.
It's interesting, so if you should spend your money on the actual game, don't steal because
pirating's bad.
I'll review it next week.
Now wait, what I'm curious about is, you know, sometimes when albums get leaked early, like,
I don't know, like didn't the Eminem, his last album, get released early?
And so they had to actually bump up the street date of the CD.
Do you think that might happen with this game?
No.
I mean, if the game's already done and in the can, what are we waiting for?
Let's play it!
It's a review copy.
That's what got leaked, is a review copy.
Ouch.
Anyone else that's been leaked to the internet?
What's that?
In the Groove 2 beta.
Really?
Yeah.
Hm.
It's funny how you find all these things out on torrent sites and other places.
Guys need to, the gaming companies need to keep a lock down on that stuff.
They do, and you know what, there's no one to blame, no one to blame but themselves,
because these are their copies, they get leaked out, so.
What could they do to stop this?
Put serial numbers on them somehow, or what?
They could make them so they're only able to play on dev kits, and hope that the reviewers
have dev kits.
Because I mean, honestly, are you really going to have to fish for good reviews for Final
Fantasy XII?
I mean, come on.
So you could do that, watermark them, so you know, each individual copy, although I know
it's going to be pretty difficult, each individual copy is watermarked so that you can check
a certain, you know, byte signature or whatever and see, oh, Bill over at such and such gaming
site leaked that out, I'm going to kill him!
I'm going to sue him for $11 billion dollars.
Exactly, so my take on this, you know, I don't know, I think, great, you get to play it three
days early.
Well, I think they should just release the damn game now, or don't put out your copy
so far in advance.
I guess maybe with so much to play through in Final Fantasy XII, that's why they did
it, but.
I guess.
I don't know.
And now you know all those marketing dollars that are getting pushed for Halloween, I don't
know.
But just again, you know, it's publicity for them.
The game will sell anyway.
You know, either way.
All right, well, we have another story here, and this is running on a site called qj.net,
and they ran a story this week that says, the ESRB don't play games!
And it goes like this, Aaron Ruby, the underground gaming culture spokesperson has a score to
settle with the ESRB.
The ESRB has been independently applying and enforcing ratings and guidelines and online
privacy since 1994.
The writer stated in his opinion column that the system applied to rating games should
be different from those currently applied to TV and movies, which I disagree with.
I think if you want parents to know what the ratings are clear as day, make them the same
as movies.
Anyway, well, oh well.
So anyway, how do they give out ratings anyway?
Well, they read and watch.
What happens is the game developers fill out a questionnaire on what the game's about,
and the game developers submit it with footage of the most extreme scenes from the game.
There are three trained raiders, not expert game players, if you check out the website
you'll see this is true, from the board, and then they hand out the rating based on what
they read on the form and see on the videos.
So according to the writer, quote, I find it alarming that the ESRB does not bother
to base its ratings on the entire experience of playing a game, instead relying far too
much on submitted clips.
Which is interesting because that doesn't surprise me because I remember, and I'm not
going to say who this was, but I was at a conference, or I should say media show once,
and I overheard a developer saying about a game that featured a lot of cleavage in it,
and a lot of female stuff in it, yeah, we barely got this one by the ESRB, we showed
them this and this and this clip, and I was like, that seems a little bit, and now it
kind of adds up because I never really bothered to read up on how ESRB was reviewing games,
shame on me, but now this kind of adds up for me as I'm kind of like, oh, they were
just sending clips of maybe the little bit less scandalous stuff.
But there's huge fines for lying and stuff, as the makers of Grand Theft Auto are finding
out, although I still to this day say they weren't lying, they were just careless and
thinking they took out a portion of the game that they didn't.
And it's gotten so ridiculous now where they're, you know, rating content that doesn't exist
in the game, you know, like Oblivion, you know, where they're rating it M because, yeah,
underneath the virtual clothes there's virtual nipples, so, I don't know, I think it's kind
of, interesting, but, alright.
But some other interesting stuff, speaking of virtual nipples, Playboy, you know, they've
been doing this thing for the last couple years now, releasing the Women of Video Games
spread in their magazine, yes, virtual naked women to ogle over, and both Fleshbot and
Kotaku have actually been running a preview picture of it, and we've got a list of the
people that are going to be featured in there, as well as, well, let's see, such wonderful
people, Sarah Morrison from Tabula Rasa, two of the women from the Scarface game, and we've
got two women from God of War 2, and Alicia Claus from Bullet Witch, Dr. Yasmin Lin from
Time Shift, and Erika from Splinter Cell Double Agent, a bunch of babes I've never heard of,
yeah, a bunch of games that aren't out yet, too, I see, so, very interesting, and that's
supposed to be coming out, I guess, later this year.
Did you look at the spread?
Yes, I did.
Nice boobies?
Virtual boobies, the one chick I thought, you know, when I first looked at it, I'm like,
why are they putting Blood Ring in it again, because I don't play a lot of PC games, so,
I don't know, it, I guess if you're into that stuff, I don't know, I'd put this up as a
pokeball.
If you're into boobs?
Well, if you're into this, like, you know, virtual, aren't they all fake boobs in Playboy?
I mean, seriously, they're all airbrushed and everything, I mean, what's the difference?
Virtual boobs or airbrushed boobs?
You know what, these are probably more real than some of the pictures that are in there,
so, I don't know, I guess that's cool, I don't know, very early pictures still, though, it's
going to be a, they're going to have a two-page fold-out in the final version, and six pages
of gaming content.
How many pages of boobies?
Lots of boobies.
All right.
I don't know, Playboy is a lot of, a lot of ads, and there's, like, not that many boobies
in that magazine anymore.
Will you be picking up this copy of Playboy for the articles, or for the research material?
I did last year, I think.
Your wife probably took it from you.
I think she did.
For those of you that haven't met Logie's wife, she's hilarious, that's all I can say.
She's had cameos on Instagram.
There was something else I was going to mention, because this was also on Fleshbot linked to
the same story.
Oh, dear.
There is a NerdCorps 2007 calendar out starring Sherry Roberts, and there's one picture-
Oh my God, my sister!
That joke, sorry.
Anyways, there's one picture, though, that I thought was funny, and I showed Rob this
earlier, how they have her standing there naked with a power glove on, touching her
ass, and I thought that was funny.
So yeah, very interesting.
I don't know, there's not much more I can really say about that.
If you want to purchase the calendar, though, you can get it at totallynerdcorps.com, and
I believe it's like 20 bucks.
I don't know, I guess it's worth your dollars.
I'm sorry, but I don't know, that's kind of hot.
If maybe chicks wearing gaming accessories aren't your thing, do you think that's hot?
I guess it could be, yeah.
All right.
You think your wife will think it's hot?
She probably should think it's stupid, but anyways, it says it's a limited edition.
They're going to have 2,500 copies, they're $25 each, features 12 months of girls with
a complete daily calendar grid and all that stuff.
They're pretty big, and yeah, lots of interesting pictures there.
I like the cover, though, the power glove.
What's up with this recent increase in erotic photography with gaming equipment?
Because I've seen this on the internet, and I was on some gay site, I don't remember which
one it was, but it was a gay gamer site, not gay porn.
I wouldn't do that, I'm a nice guy.
There was a gay gamer site that had pictures of guys covered in cartridges and nothing
but cartridges.
It kind of reminds me of this whole thing.
The Nerdcore calendar also has, other than your typical holidays, it has nerd holidays
in there.
Such, for example, the International San Diego Comic Con, Anime Expo, Game Developers Conference,
Talk Like a Pirate Day, Tokyo Game Show, The Transformers the Movie, Opening Day, and other
flagship nerd videos.
TotallyNerdcore.com is where you can purchase this calendar.
I got to say, damn it, we need to get them on the show and get one of these models on
the show.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
Wait until we all have any model on this show.
I don't know what else to say, so let's move on from boobies to violence.
All the great games have either boobies or violence in them.
Violence, violence, violence, this story is coming from GamePolitics.com, our friends
over there.
That has to do with the question and answer session with the Dean of the School of Social
Policy and Practice at the University of Pennsylvania.
His name is Richard J. Gelles.
And there was this interesting quote.
The question was, excuse me, sir, but what is your opinion on video games and the lack
of parenting to control the ever-increasing teen violence?
Answer, video games play almost no important role in teen violence.
Teens with a predisposition to being violent may be drawn to violent video games, but overall
other factors besides television, music, or video games are more important risk factors
for teen violence.
Again, that quote from Richard Gelles, the Dean of the School of Social Policy and Practice
at the University of Pennsylvania, also the Director of Center for Research on Youth and
Social Policy.
So this guy does know what he's talking about, I guess.
It makes him pretty smart now, doesn't it?
Speaking of doctors and stuff, we've got one doctor who is actually defected to the PSP
and that would be Dr. Kawawashima.
You might know him from Brain Age.
Well anyways, he's coming to a brand new game being put out called Mind Quiz coming out
in November and it's actually going to be pretty much the same kind of stuff.
They've got your Brain Age score and stuff like that.
So imagine Brain Age minus a touch screen and on your PSP.
That's kind of big news because this guy, he was doing the DS stuff and those games
are huge in Japan and now he's kind of defected in a way to the PSP.
I don't think Nintendo is going to slow down their big brain series any time soon, but
kind of interesting.
I wonder what possessed him to do that.
Well, I mean, money?
Maybe.
There's more brain training games coming out.
I know, I think Majesco has two coming out in November.
Like Brain Wave, I think it was called.
Now it's just going to be like all those crappy Nintendogs knockoffs we got a while
back.
Oh God, November is the month for Nintendogs knockoffs.
They've got the whole dogs, cats, hamster life, horses.
Uh oh, I shudder to think what might be possible in a hamster life.
Anyway, let's move on and get some feedback from you guys, the listeners.
Every week we invite your emails at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and DarkSakura is
typically here to read through the email, but as you know, she's not here tonight, so
I'm going to instead borrow her asbestos suit and put on the gloves and dig into our Mailbag.
First thing I want to say is we got a lot of emails this week, a lot of emails, and
we love reading your emails, but unfortunately we just don't have the time to read them all
on air.
I'm going to read five of them tonight, which is a lot, but please keep them coming in and
we try to respond to as many as we can get and we love reading your guys' opinions, so
please don't stop just because we don't read your emails.
Sorry.
Alright, so this first email comes to us from Deepman.
Deepman writes, Hey guys, just thinking about the new next gen consoles and had these thoughts.
1.
The cost of the Wii at $249.
I think they chose to set it at this price not to make money, even though it is selling
it more than it's worth, but for the simple reason that Nintendo doesn't want you to get
any other console.
Just think for a second, with a $150-$200 console, an Xbox 360 sounds mighty enticing
to go with it, but a $250 console plus games, suddenly that extra 360 doesn't look as good.
To back this up, I remember hearing a quote posted on Kotaku by Reggie that said something
along the lines of, and I'm paraphrasing here, quote, I've heard of the Wii 60, but our users
buy our consoles because they want a different experience.
If they want something else, they can get a DS.
Again, I'm paraphrasing, but it sounds like Nintendo is being smart with the pricing,
if only to cut out the competition.
What do you think of that?
I don't know.
That sounds pretty accurate.
It's an interesting theory, but I don't think that was a factor in the price point they
chose was because it makes the 360 sound less appealing.
I don't know.
I think if they could make it cheaper, I think in the long run it's which system costs which.
I think your average family is only going to get one console unless they have some hardcore
gamers in the house, if even that.
It's a good theory, and it may be right, but I just kind of think there's a lot of other
factors that come into play.
Dick Mann also writes this, too.
Region-free PlayStation 3, not as elaborate as the last theory, but what if the reason
Sony is making the console region-free is quite simply to combat mod chippers?
A strong case, and the one most used in courts, especially in Australia so far, is that people
mod their systems to play import games.
What if this is simply a way to nip the next-gen mod chippers in the bud before they start?
What do you think of that, Loki?
Could be.
I think, mainly, you know the whole HDMI being added to all the different systems and stuff?
I think that kind of ties in with it, because now they can do the digital flag on all the
movies, and they might be able to do that with all the games now, too, if they have
HDMI on there.
But I guess since they do give the option not to use the HDMI, that might not be the
case, but yeah, region-free, I mean, I don't see why they don't, I mean, when you think
about it, because a lot of games, I mean, if you're going to import them, that's more
sales for them anyways, so I don't see what the big difference is, I mean, granted you
get stuff early, but it's not going to be, you know, it's only, it's not going to be
translated for over here, unless it already comes in both languages anyways, which, why
wouldn't you release them in both territories?
Alright, there's still more email here from Deep Man, that's all I've got for now, but
I want to let you guys know that my girlfriend and I went to see Play, the video game symphony,
last weekend in Toronto, and it was amazing.
We met Takenobu Mitsuyoshi, the guy who did the music for Shenmue and the Daytona theme,
which he performed a new piano version live, and the guys who did the music for Prey and
Oblivion.
All I have to say is that if this comes to a town near you, guys, make sure to check
them out, perhaps the most amazing show I've ever seen.
And Sky, you should definitely move up to Canada, I did seven months ago and haven't
been happier, keep up the good work, still listening, Deep Man.
Thank you very much.
As far as Canada goes, you know, it's a nice thought, I'd love to maybe retire up there,
but just for right now, there's too much going on for me here in the States.
But I definitely will be taking another vacation up there, probably next year, we'll see.
Our next email comes to us from Malice, the artist formerly known as Stupid Baka, or so
his signature says, Hello Orange Lounge, I'd just like to say before I say anything else
that I really love your show.
I used to be a live listener since the days of B3, that was the big DDR tournament we
did in San Francisco we covered.
I remember seeing you folks down at B3, which was definitely awesome.
I also remember meeting Sky before a Milpitas Golf Land DDR tournament also.
Those are all very good times, by the way.
Unfortunately I can no longer catch the live show, but I do make sure to download the podcast
off iTunes.
You folks still are awesome and I really like the show.
I love sitting in my room and doing my homework or talking to friends with the podcast in
the background.
I also like your guys' quirky attitudes and witty remarks from time to time, especially
those that belong to Dark Sakura and Sky.
You guys make my day.
In other words, Loki, sorry, you suck.
Just kidding.
No, thank you seriously for the words, I appreciate it.
I know this is a recurring theme of discussion on the podcast and I was just wondering what
you guys thought of this.
I am a member of my school's mock trial team and have been since last year.
This year's case is People vs. Campbell, in which a student that is being bullied allegedly
created a time bomb to blow up his school.
He is being charged with acts of terrorism, intent to murder, placing an offensive substance
in a public place, and possessing a violent video game.
All the mock trial cases have pre-trial arguments in which we argue to a judge about certain
aspects of the case before it occurs, specifically in regards to evidence, the Constitution's
Bill of Rights, and whether it shall be allowed during the case.
The defense in this pre-trial argument will argue that video games are protected speech
under the First Amendment, which is something I agree with, as do you guys, I assume.
This seems to be echoed, as all the cases that they have given us that are relevant
and have precedent are all in favor of the defense.
This is definitely a change, as most of the cases each year, especially in pre-trial,
are made so that they aren't one-sided and can be argued both ways, ensuring for an exciting
trial based on how good each side is, which is why I'll most likely be on the prosecution
this year.
I was just wondering what you guys have to say about this, as I know that you three are
very vocal and have a lot to say about this issue.
Have a nice three-day weekend.
Unfortunately, it's not three days for me.
I have to work tomorrow, even if it is Columbus Day.
Nor me.
Yeah, well, lucky you guys that get it off.
Anyway, I don't know much about the specific case that you're citing.
Just based off of other cases, I think you pretty much said what I feel.
I would agree with the fact that video games are a form of art, just like – and I'm
not talking about art as in a classic sculpture you might see, but it is a form of expression.
Expression is art, and it's no different than a movie or a CD.
I think, therefore, it should be viewed at very similarly by the public.
There are the people that criticize violent movies, and they probably do criticize violent
games.
But you can't say that a kid played a video game and that's what caused him to go crazy,
because what about the R-rated movies he might have seen?
Or what about the dirty music he might have been listening to?
But more importantly, what about the parents?
What about the home life?
Where was the love?
Where was the hug?
Where was the how was your day?
What's more important than the CDs, movies, or video games combined, in my opinion?
Loki anything you want to add to that?
No, it's basically just bad parenting.
And I'm looking at chat room to see what things they're talking about there.
Black Boy says, dirty music?
Like Christina Aguilera's last album, Going to Get Dirty.
Next email comes to us from Mr. Wonderful.
Hey guys and lady.
First off, thanks for putting on the show.
I emailed Skye earlier, but figured that I should be thanking you all.
I recently graduated college and got a great job right after graduation.
It's really awesome, but it doesn't leave me a lot of time to sit around with my friends
and just geek out.
I've got an hour commute though, and your show really hits the spot.
I still have to put on my suit and tie every day, but it's great to listen to you guys
on the way to work.
It's like hanging out with some very well-informed friends and talking about games.
So thanks again.
You guys rock.
And Dark Sakura, don't let any haters get you down.
Even a relative noob to the show like myself can tell you know what you're talking about.
For Christ's sake, you mentioned the turbo duo and radiant silver gun in the same breath.
If treasure shooters aren't hardcore anymore, then nothing is.
I've got to agree though that you really should play Pinball Quest.
Even though she's not here tonight, I'll make sure she sees that part of the email.
I'm sure she will appreciate that, and I will make her play Pinball Quest.
Anyway, forgive me if these questions have been asked, but I'm still making my way through
the backlog.
On to a few quick questions.
First off, have you guys had the power to resurrect one franchise for a well-done Wii
make, bringing back an old game, giving it a sequel with quality Wii functionality?
What would you go for?
Maybe it's just the recent re-release on GBA Talking, but I've got to think a Wii Bionic
Commando would do the job pretty nicely.
Thoughts?
If it's 3D, maybe.
What game would you like to see Wii made?
Well, I know Kid Icarus is the obvious answer that most fanboys I'm sure would be foaming
at the mouth for, and that would definitely be my number one answer.
But as far as a GameCube game that I'd like to see on the Wii, I want to see F-Zero have
another shot.
And I'm sure there will be some type of F-Zero on the Wii, but I really enjoyed the GameCube
one, and I think it was a little bit underrated in part because the arcade version had one
key flaw, and that was the fact that there was really only the one model, which was very
expensive because the car moved around a lot, and the fact there was only six tracks in
the arcade, and you can unlock them all in the home version.
I think there was a lot to still be discovered with that concept that I think unfortunately
in the execution kind of fell apart.
But you know, the whole driving with the Wii stick might be kind of interesting in F-Zero
or something.
At least even with the slightly souped-up graphics and sound, I would like to see that
and the sound coming out of the controller, I'm really looking forward to a new F-Zero
game.
And online, please.
Anything?
Loki, you can think of?
It's kind of hard.
I don't really know.
What could we do?
That would be really awesome.
Let's see.
Drunami says Capcom seriously needs to put Okami on the Wii.
Yeah, that's not a Wii make-up.
DMN says Kirby's Dream Force.
That might be kind of fun, he could actually swing the ball.
That was a fun game on Super Nintendo.
I don't know, I'd say just remake, like make a good, even like a Castlevania would
be kind of cool, a good Castlevania for 3D and make it like a first person shooter would
be kind of neat.
Really?
I want to see him do the 2D.
I got excited by the 2D news last week.
Well, 2D, you can have a 2D Castlevania too, I mean, just maybe Blaster Master maybe?
Now that's hot.
Alright, let's go to the next email.
Hey guys, it's Neodude, belated congrats on 200 and all that.
I just wanted to talk about the Sonic demo on 360 for a moment and why it sucked.
Oh my god, I played that actually now.
What'd you think?
It sucked.
It was just like horrible controls.
I couldn't even make it over the first jump because it was just veering off to the side
when I had hit tap the button to the side.
The email continues for Neodude here.
The big thing was the camera sucked.
Sonic has always relied on good camera control and it's not here.
Plus the demo gave Sonic everything he had at the end of Sonic Adventure 2, including
the bounce bracelet, which leads to many unexpected deaths, especially when you're trying to light
dash in the air.
If they include a window that tells you what the X button does at any time and fix the
camera and maybe take out the bounce bracelet, everything else should be alright.
Catch you next episode.
Well, I hope they changed something.
I know they've been getting negative feedback around the web and who knows, it may result
in a delay of the game, I don't know, but it would be nice to see them go back and change
things.
We'll see.
What they should do is have an option when you're running straight to be able to strafe
a little bit.
They need a strafe button in it.
So when I'm running straight ahead, when I try to be a little off on the rings there,
I'm not going to all of a sudden veer off to the side.
That's what they need to fix.
This last email tonight comes to us from Lazer123454321.
And he writes this, Hi Skye, Loki, and DarkSakura.
I first wanted to thank you for giving the Bimani community its first podcast as well
as your general game coverage.
Read.
You rock.
I like all the politeness, like the fluffing of the egos in the first paragraph of all
our letters tonight.
No, seriously, we love the fact that you guys are so receptive to it.
It's awesome.
Second, I would like to get your in-depth view of the new DDR Supernova for PlayStation
2.
Just to tell about some of the experiences I've had, the new Stellar Master Mode far
outshines the Dance Master Mode of DDR EX and EX2, as the majority of the unlocks can be
done just by completing the first few trials in each Stellar joint and then facing the
showdown.
I personally play Controller Controller Revolution.
We call it Button Button Revolution, but that's fine.
So I like to face the Diamond EX Showdown or EX Showdown in each joint.
Anything you want to say additional about DDR Supernova, Loki?
I haven't played it yet.
I did play it a little bit.
And I agree.
I gave my fuller review on last week's program, so you can go back and download that in Part
A. But I definitely think it's a solid entry into the series.
And we'll give you lots of new songs.
I like the song list, and I do agree that Stellar Master Mode is an improvement on the
mode they had last year.
But I didn't despise the mode they had last year so much.
I felt it's okay to have the really, really hard songs kind of tricky to unlock because
they're extra.
They're bonus.
They're supposed to take a lot of effort to unlock.
But I think they did do a little bit better this time.
Other questions.
One, what do you think about the song list as compared to the other US releases?
I think it's a pretty good song list.
I do too, but Max 2 was still my favorite overall, just as an old school DDR fan.
But I do think it was better than Extreme 1's song list.
Two, what are some downfalls with the game?
Link mode disappearing was an interesting thing that was a bit of a downfall of the
game, I think.
Other downfalls for the game.
Oh, the fact that they got rid of a lot of the videos.
I don't like the whole dancer in the custom-generated background or whatever.
One thing I liked about DDR was some of the art backgrounds they had, and I always kind
of looked forward to seeing some of the ones they came up with for new songs.
It's kind of not there in Supernova.
This is a stupid request, but the one I made before went on Extreme 2 is not being able
to put in edits for the IToy stuff.
You can't put in hand things on your edits.
That would have been cool if you could do that.
Granted, hardly anyone actually uses it, but how hard would it be to put that as an option
for your edits?
I don't understand.
Three, what do you think about Konami bringing back Battle Mode?
I think it should be more prevalent in their next release.
I think they should really explore what they can do with versus mode, because I used to
say this way back when the show was strictly about Bomani Games and we had the three-hour
show.
I think the future of DDR was in a versus mode.
I would like to see more competitive style play and options, so I think it's a good step
in the right direction, but I'd like to see that option more fully researched in the next
release of DDR and do more with it.
Just a thought.
Four, what is your opinion on the online controversy?
For those that don't know, the game features a few songs that are online only.
That is, you cannot play songs that are exclusive to online play in the free dance mode offline,
even after having played them in the online mode.
Some have speculated that when Konami shuts down Supernova online play like they did for
Extreme 2, that these songs will be lost.
Others believe that when this happens, Konami will reveal an unlocked code for the songs
for offline play.
I don't think it's the doom and gloom most people are shouting about.
It's something extra.
What if you have an Xbox that doesn't go online?
There's many great songs that you're missing out on.
Now, granted, I see the difference because you can download those songs and play them
offline whenever you want.
But I would speculate that if there's a Supernova 2 or whatever is next, which I would find
it hard to believe there's not going to be at least one more PlayStation 2 game next
year, I would bet almost anything you're going to see those five songs in the default song
list for next year's game.
So I don't know anything that's just speculation, but it would make sense.
And then people wouldn't complain about repeats so much because they didn't really have them
in the last game.
What if they're just going to be unlocked at a time unlock type of thing?
Like they're going to be unlocked on a certain date, say when the other games come out.
I don't think they are.
I seriously think they're ever going to be unlocked.
I think online only is online only, and I think that's it.
That's until someone puts out a code for it.
That's true.
Someone might hack a save.
And to be honest, the content is there, so...
True.
So who knows?
Why not?
And then lastly, and finally for those involved in the StepMania community, Loki might want
to read this.
There's a Supernova-like theme out already.
It's called New Nova.
It looks really good, but most of the features of Supernova cannot be replicated in StepMania
at this time.
Takuya's DDR Extreme, Daikatsu 88, Katsu Extreme, and K Eternal DDR Red, read K Eternal, have
expressed interest in doing a Supernova theme, and Takuya will start work as soon as he has
rips from the Supernova disc.
I believe K Eternal is waiting for StepMania 4.0's theming engine to be finalized before
he starts work.
It's not that hard to rip stuff off that disc, and to be honest, it's funny how I mentioned
In the Groove 2 beta had already been leaked.
They've already made tools to basically reskin it, re-put songs in it for your own stuff,
like they did with In the Groove 1.
So, you know, it's going to be possible pretty soon just to do all that stuff pretty easy.
I mean, hell, they've already automated the whole ripping of In the Groove stuff off of
the disc once the game comes out.
I have to be honest, I'm just not that big on playing DDR on my computer.
Well, that's the thing.
With the In the Groove rips that you can do in the editing, you can actually either, if
you have a modded PS2, you can dump it to a disc and actually play it on the Playstation
2, or if you have a hard drive like mine does, you can dump the ISO to the hard drive and
play it off of that, and you can actually play your DDR on the Playstation 2.
Alright, well that's going to do it for the mailbag this week, and lots of great emails
this week.
Again, sorry to those we didn't get to tonight.
If you want to send us some email, it's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's go to the next story.
Loki, excellent.
Well, the big story this week is, well one of the big stories, Mark Raine is basically
saying that the second gen game Gears of War on the 360 looks better than the first gen
PS3 titles, and you know, he's sort of right on some of those, but I don't know, it's all
pinning.
Sony says their next generation starts when they say so, I say bullshit, and basically
stating that the next gen will start when that game comes out.
I don't know, whatever, big talk, but we'll see.
Sounds like people just kind of whipping it out back and forth, typical PR, trying to
slam the other guy type stuff.
Alright, well speaking of the Xbox 360, of course when Doom came out, a lot of people
were like, where's Duke Nukem?
If you're going to bring us Doom, you need to bring us Duke Nukem.
Well, there was an interesting post by a staff of 3D Realms, quote, you'd be surprised what
they've turned down.
Don't just assume MS will want it just because you like it and it's popular.
Hate to sound defeatist, but it's not as easy as send it to Microsoft and get it on there.
It's a rather complicated procedure and Microsoft is fairly picky about what goes on there.
Sorry to sound so defeatist, but individual users won't do much of anything.
Now if you could get something on the order of a million people to do the same thing,
that might be different, but talking to one person like that isn't going to do anything.
Besides, if you can think of it, they already have, I bet on it.
Plus, as I said above, we've already talked about it ourselves, I've talked about this
yesterday with George, he's all up for the idea, but we don't have the time to do the
port ourselves.
Plus, there's the issue of whether Microsoft would really want it.
Don't just assume they would, there's a big submissions procedure to go through.
Plus, their release schedule is booked solid for quite a while now, even if we delivered
it to them today, I would imagine it wouldn't come out for a while anyway.
Oh come on, they can release two games in one day?
I have a hard time their schedule is so booked solid when things keep getting pushed back
and we have to get things like the Project Gotham deck for Uno to hold us over.
I mean, if they're so booked, why don't they release two games in one day?
Is it going to kill the server that much?
I mean, come on.
Well, I think they're afraid that one game would outshine another.
That's why they don't release like 10 or 15 at a time, because they want all the games
to have a fair shot.
Does that make sense?
No, it doesn't make sense, that's stupid.
I mean, the game's going to be up there anyways, so, okay, say, Dig Dug and Duke Nukem get
released at the same time.
Grand Dig Dug's not going to sell as well, but you know what, people will buy it later
on.
Who cares?
Or put it up like a free game, like Totem Ball and Duke Nukem 3D.
There you go, you have your free game that doesn't matter how many copies you sell on
that or put out on that, and then you have Duke Nukem 3D.
I don't know, I don't see what the big deal is.
I think what the big deal is, they don't want to work on it because they're not fucking
done with Duke Nukem Forever yet, and to be honest, just put the damn thing out.
It's never going to be perfect, you're never going to finish it, the generation of hardwares
is going to get better and better each time you're about done.
It's never going to happen.
Anyways, some other interesting stuff though, like Duke Nukem 3D, you know, had a pretty
good multiplayer.
Well, another game that has really good multiplayer, Lost Planet, and we will be seeing a multiplayer
demo this winter, which is pretty cool, so, yeah, looking forward to that, probably in
November sometime, would be my guess.
You know, I wasn't that big on Lost Planet when I played it.
I don't know, I'm not sure what all the hype's about.
Maybe it's just not my kind of game, but maybe a multiplayer would change my mind, if I had
a lot of fun with that.
Yeah.
Are you more excited about this game?
Did you enjoy the first demo that came out?
I don't like the first demo, I'm not sure if I'd buy it though, right away, I mean,
I think about that time, I'm going to be busy with the Wii, so, you know, I'm not sure if
I really want to buy this game right away.
I mean, it was a cool game, I mean, don't get me wrong, it looks really good, just,
I don't know if it, I really don't need to be buying that many games now, so.
All right.
Well, let's do another story here, and this one is regarding Full Auto II, is going to
be releasing some PS3 online details.
Apparently, the developers behind Full Auto II actually released some of the details about
what online's going to be all about, and it was on this Radio PM podcast.
The Full Auto II producer, Mike Gallo from Sega of America, talked about what was going
on, and the OPM asked, so when you go into network play, you'll see sort of a browser,
and they say, when you first turn on the machine, it logs you in automatically.
I think you can change that in the settings, you have a user ID and an online profile that's
set up through the PlayStation, we don't have anything to do with that, that's all done
through the PlayStation network.
When you log in, and as long as you have an ID and you're an active online member, when
you go into the online modes, you get a menu option, you get to pick ranked or unranked
play, then you'll see what games are available and then jump into one of those, kind of interesting.
There's more information, as far as stat tracking, is it all within Full Auto, is that outside?
When you play ranked play, your stats, pretty basic set of stats, wins, losses, will get
uploaded to GameSpy.
You'll be able to see, I think we have it sortable by, it's worldwide and monthly or
all time, so you'll get to see who's ranked where.
You'll be able to access it from our website as well, so you can look at those stats independently
of the game.
Mr. Big on 360, did you guys think about throwing in that concept for PS3?
We actually do not have that in Full Auto 2.
It's a feature we had to regrettably not support.
A lot of it was just because of that moving target with the development timeline.
We had to make sure our online modes and network play was solid before we added some of that
other stuff.
Unfortunately, that was one of the things we had to drop.
Kind of interesting though, if that means that there's not really going to be achievements
like we know it on the 360.
It's just going to be on whatever games that they want to support it on.
That's kind of big news, I guess.
I don't know, I guess they could patch it later.
That might be kind of neat.
All right, well, we're going to go now to a new segment, which is a new game.
We're going to play a new game tonight, so Loki, you know I'm going to suck you into
playing this game.
You ready for it?
Sure.
All right.
No, you'll like this game.
Okay.
All right.
We thought we'd bring on a contestant of our choosing tonight.
Caller, are you there?
Yes, I am.
Hi.
Who is this?
This is Bobby from Atlanta.
Hi, Bobby from Atlanta.
Hey, is this the same Bobby that does his own show on Sunday nights on another network?
You know it is.
Of course.
See now, there's a reason why I invited Bobby to be the first one to play this new game
here on the show.
It's because there's been a little bit of smack talking in the past between Loki and
Bobby and ChromeHounds, which never happened, and we're going to play each other these games,
and it never really happened.
No, it didn't.
So I decided we here at Orange Laundry would provide an opportunity for there to be a great
podcast war, if you will.
Okay.
All right.
So are you ready, Bobby?
Are you going to kick Loki's ass?
Yes, I will.
All right.
He sounds quite confident.
Two words.
Shenanigans.
Shenanigans.
All right, well, we're going to play a brand new game, and it's called the Video Game Showdown.
It's horrible music, dude.
I have no reason why we're using the pressure lock theme for this, but I just wanted an
excuse to use the pressure lock theme at some point during the program.
All right, the Video Game Showdown is a brand new game here on Orange Laundry Radio.
Here is how it's going to work.
Now first things first, no fair using Google or the internet to cheat at this game, because
some of you people can do your research mighty fast, so no fair.
You're on your honor.
Okay, Bobby, I want a fair fight.
Am I allowed to at least write things down?
Yes, you can write things down.
That's certainly acceptable.
You just can't research.
You have to be on your own here.
All right.
So this is how it's going to work.
I'm going to read you a list of ten items in a category, but only five of them actually
apply.
So you have to guess which five are the correct answers.
Here's tonight's category.
Tonight's category is, per the website video game charts, five of these games are the top
five best-selling worldwide DS games to date.
So tonight's topic is the top five best-selling worldwide DS games to date.
You ready for the list?
Sure.
All right.
Here we go.
Here's your ten options.
Animal Crossing Wild World, Brain Training, Mario and Luigi Partners in Time, Mario Kart
DS, Metroid Prime Hunters, New Super Mario Brothers, Nintendogs, Super Mario 64, Tetris
DS, and WarioWare.
Again, of those ten I just named, five of them are the best-selling worldwide DS games
to date.
Here it is again one more time real quick, and then we'll get the answers.
Animal Crossing, Brain Training, Mario and Luigi Partners in Time, Mario Kart DS, Metroid
Prime Hunters, New Super Mario Brothers, Nintendogs, Super Mario 64, Tetris DS, and WarioWare.
Loki, you about ready?
I am ready.
You're ready?
Yeah.
All right.
What's the five you're going to pick, Loki?
The five I'm going to pick, Animal Crossing, Brain Training, Mario Kart DS, New Super Mario
Brothers, and Nintendogs.
All right.
Bobby, which five are you going to pick?
My five are Brain Training, Mario DS, New Super Mario Brothers, Nintendogs, and Super
Mario 64.
All right.
There they are.
Very similar list, only one difference between them, and that could be the make or break.
Here's what happens.
If we have a tie, and Bobby and Loki have the same amount correct, then Bobby can either
change one of his own answers after I tell him how many he has right, or he can force
Loki to change one of his, so that way we prevent a tie.
Let's first check the correct answers and see if we have a tie tonight.
It looks like we do not have a tie tonight.
All right.
Bobby, we'll start with you.
You got four right.
Four out of five right.
Not bad.
Brain Training is correct.
Mario Kart DS is correct.
New Super Mario Brothers is correct, and Nintendogs is correct.
Those are four, but Loki, that bastard got all five of them right.
Hell yeah.
I can't believe it.
I was concentrating on Japan.
Did you cheat?
No, I wasn't.
I concentrated on thinking about what was popular in Japan.
All right.
That's right.
The top five selling games of all time, Animal Crossing, Brain Training, Mario Kart DS, New
Super Mario Brothers, and Nintendogs.
Because they also packed in New Super Mario Brothers... No, actually, no, they didn't.
No, it wasn't a pack-in.
Yeah.
Well.
I was a good guess from Bobby.
Actually, it's a trick, though.
Mario 64 was actually number six, so it was really close.
My reasoning was just because it was one of the few games out when it launched.
Yeah.
No, it was a good guess.
Animal Crossing, yeah, was kind of a surprise, but the game was really big, pretty much around
the world.
I mean, they're making a movie based on it.
Come on.
It's got to be pretty big.
All right.
Well, good job, Bobby.
You did really good.
Four out of five is not bad, and who knew that Loki had this superhuman power?
I guess I should have guessed.
Since he works in distribution, you probably know something about sales figures.
I cry in shame.
I'm sorry, Bobby.
But you know what?
Hey, we'll give you a chance to plug your show.
Yeah, something you want to share about what's going on on the Bobby Black Wolf show this
week?
Well, on the Bobby Black Wolf show, we actually had an interview this week talking to the
organizer of the 2006 Interactive Fiction Competition, which is basically text and video
games done today.
And so the art form really has progressed, and we talked to him about the competition,
how you can judge, and how you can be a part of all that.
So I thought it was a really interesting interview.
Very cool.
We haven't had an interview on this program in a long time.
We need to get some interviews.
How about all games as a whole?
We do our show.
It rebroadcasts Monday nights over on All Games.
There's lots of other podcasters that get in on it, so sometimes there's tournaments
of people coming together or what have you.
What's new in the world of all games this week?
Well, we've actually added three new affiliate radio programs.
Dang!
We've got – that's like a mom coming home from the adoption agency saying, we adopted
triplets.
No, that's great, though.
We've got newbies.
We adopted newbies.
Who's in the family now?
Well, we've got a Game Addict Hotline, which is a 20-minute podcast.
It's got some trivia in it, but it's really short every week.
We have Evil Avatar Radio, which is a spin-off of the Evil Avatar forums.
And then we also have XBL Radio, who does the Xbox Live community chats and stuff.
Oh, very cool.
Well, what nights are those on?
Do we have a set schedule for that yet?
Yeah.
XBL Radio is on Tuesday, Evil Avatar is on Wednesday, and Game Addict Hotline is on Thursday.
Very nice.
Well, congratulations to those guys.
We're happy to see them on board, and we'll be looking forward to that over at AllGames.com.
Yep.
All right.
Bobby, thanks so much for playing our little game tonight.
And next time, I'll do a topic maybe about video games in Atlanta or something that Loki
couldn't get.
There wouldn't be five things in that.
Wait, I thought Atlanta was one of the top five cities for gaming right under Seattle.
It is.
But in terms of video games being based here, I think Midnight Club 3 was here, and that's
about it, unless you count sports games.
Hmm.
Interesting.
I guess they just sell a lot there.
You guys have to stay indoors, because it's so damn humid outside.
It's not the heat.
It's the stupidity.
All right.
Bobby, thanks so much for playing our game tonight.
We appreciate it.
Have a good one, all right?
You too.
All right.
Mr. Bobby Blackwolf, ladies and gentlemen, from AllGames.com, does his own program over
there Sunday nights, 5 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
A lot of our live listeners actually listen to his show as a bit of a warm-up before they
come over to Orange Launch Radio, so that's pretty cool.
That is pretty cool.
All right.
Let's go back to the news.
All right.
We're talking about games being leaked out early and stuff.
Well, this has to do with mod ship and HD loader programs out there, and, well, actually,
some of the major ones were actually nailed for over $9 million recently.
The ESA announced that a federal court in California ordered a group of defendants to
pay over $9 million in damages for violations of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, and
the violations were against Devinio, the maker and distributor of mod ships for all consoles,
French resident Max Loem, and Canadian resident Frederic Leggett for trafficking of mod ships
and software circumvention device called HD loader.
And yeah, it's basically, of course, the HD loader, for those who might not know, was
a device that was available on the market for a while, allowing you to dump games to
a hard drive built into your older PlayStation 2, whether that be one that you provide or
the official Sony hard drive, and you can put games on there.
I have one.
I love my HD loader because it allows me to play import games.
And it just loads things faster, too, on the HD loader.
It does load things faster.
I like not just having to switch out the disks and everything.
I love it.
I don't know how a bachelor pad looks around the TV.
There's disks everywhere outside of their case because we're all too damn lazy to put
it back in the right case.
What I liked using it for is before I got my 360, when I used to take my PlayStation
2 to work to play games, I didn't have to carry around like 50 disks with me.
They're all dumped to my hard drive, so I can just bring my PlayStation 2 and a couple
controllers and the hookups, and away I go.
And plus the load times were a lot less.
So in DDR, it was awesome.
It was like instantly into the song.
But it's gotten worse since then.
Before, when I first got it, you had a cap of 120 gigs you can pretty much use now.
Now it supports up to two terabyte drives that you can hook up via USB.
You can literally put almost every single game out there.
Yeah, but you can also go rent games and then load them on your HD loader, and then you
have them forever.
Not that you'd know anything about that, would you, Loki?
No, I wouldn't.
I'm beyond renting games nowadays.
Who needs the rent games when they're freely available on the internet?
There is a speculation going out there that the European PlayStation 3 delay, because
you know how the European folks, especially if you're a Sony fan over there, got screwed
when it comes to the PlayStation 3's release.
Hey, no worries, rumor is we're going to get screwed too.
Everybody's going to get screwed with the PlayStation 3 release, but who knows?
The speculation is that it could threaten US publishers.
Just because it's releasing late in Europe doesn't mean you won't have an impact here
in the United States.
That's 500,000 PlayStation 3's that were expected to go to Europe at the end of this year.
Now that's 500,000 less consumers to sell games to.
Publishers are probably going to delay games that they previously were going to release
this year to 2007 just to take advantage of the greater user base in Europe.
So they'll all get screwed by this.
Isn't this kind of what you were saying earlier?
That's for a whole different reason.
That's for the fact that they haven't gotten their dev kits in a timely manner and so they're
not able to finish the game, period.
No, I'm talking about earlier in the program you were talking about how sometimes, like
say the Wii sells 9 million units, I think you said this in part A, then that's 9 million
available systems for people to want to publish for.
Is it the same logic here?
In a sense, yes.
But you can't really apply, like say if there's 500,000 units in the United States, that doesn't
mean they're not going to release a game here.
If there's no systems obviously in the UK, they're going to delay the launch of a game
there.
But just because Europe doesn't have their game system yet does not mean that they won't
launch their US copies here first.
So not only will Europe get screwed by the release of the system, but now all their games
are going to be delayed six months because of this.
No, they'll just come out when the PlayStation 3 launches instead of just being launched
at the same time.
I mean, the same thing happens with different region games, like Tomb Raider will come out
in the UK first and then it will come out over here.
It does not mean, for example, we can release PlayStation 3 games here first and then just
wait to release them there.
It doesn't matter because they need time anyways to, I guess, print more copies.
One interesting thing though I have to add to this was that there was an interview with
the Sony Computer Entertainment Europe World, Vice President Jamie McDonald, and he claims
that Europeans don't mind that they have to wait an extra four months for the console.
And they asked him, what would you say to consumers who like Sony and want to buy your
product but perhaps feel because they're in Europe they will always be last in line?
And he says, European consumers have shown that historically they don't mind that because
they end up buying as many PlayStations, if not more, than the US and Japan.
In Europe it doesn't seem that the release of our platforms after the US and Japan in
the long run affects how consumers feel.
I think some of our listeners over in the old country might feel a little different.
I don't know guys, is it just me or do you feel a little different than what this guy
is saying?
Yeah, I thought that was very interesting.
So he's saying basically, well since Europe usually gets screwed, you know, we're kind
of used to it.
You know, they're assholes stretched out now, it doesn't matter if we fuck them again.
That's pretty much what it comes down to.
It's like kids say the darndest things, all we need now, we're just missing Bill Cosby
and we've got another show all together here.
I want to say this real quick before we get into the next story because there's something
I wanted to talk about that for whatever reason isn't on the show roll because it was actually
kind of a busy week for news with the whole GameStop conference and the systems coming
out soon.
There was a story, an opinion piece, does Sony need a figure like Major Nelson?
Because Major Nelson is sort of like the internet guy for the Xbox 360 and in a way he's kind
of a viral campaign in a way, you know what I mean?
He starts Buzz on his blog and he's a popular guy, he's on the system playing the games,
people have run into him on Test Drive Unlimited and stuff, and you go over to Nintendo and
you have very charismatic folks like Reggie and Miyamoto, but Sony has these guys, as
Jamie calls them, the crayon eaters and bike helmet, which by the way, the photoshops in
our forum that you guys did, fucking hilarious.
We have the best listeners.
Seriously guys, if you've never visited our website, you must go to the forums just for
the people doing the photoshops of the amazing crayon eaters over at Sony, it's great.
Sony has these guys that make these crazy statements like this, you know, does Sony
need somebody a little more hip?
What they need is Willy Wonka.
Why?
Because it's going to take some fucking magic to sell those consoles.
Some news about Oblivion on the PSP, and we knew that there's got to be some, you know,
catch to this, they're not going to be able to put Oblivion that we saw on the 360 on
the PSP, there's no fucking way.
So what we did find out though, according to the, you know, that certain website's magazine,
the official PlayStation magazine, there is actually some info regarding the game, including
that it still has the create a character mode in it, but it will only have a few dungeons
that you get to play in, there's no open running around and whatnot to actually play through
the game.
But, you know, they're going to have some, they're talking to me.
Is any of it new, or are they just recycled dungeons from the existing Oblivion?
No idea.
If so, I mean, what the hell is the point?
It reminds me of those Game Boy Mortal Kombat games, which are fucking horrible compared
to the console ones, it's like, you know, we had to take out half the moves because
there's only two buttons and things like that.
I mean, granted the graphics for this Oblivion look kind of nice, but this is a game that
should just simply be played on the big screen, or on a computer screen.
Yeah, I'm...
I don't know.
I don't know, but I will suspend disbelief until I actually get to play, get my hands
on it and actually play it, but I worry about this whole concept.
I mean, at least do, why not like a little spinoff story?
Do some slightly different dungeons and do like a spinoff story, I think that would be
a lot more...
Yeah.
Well...
Wantable.
Yeah, it's interesting, but I don't know, the game itself looks pretty, I mean, not
as good as obviously the 360 one, but I don't know, it looks okay, and like you mentioned,
you know, cutting out skills and stuff, 18 of the original game's 21 skills are going
to be in the game, a couple of them stripped out.
I don't know, it's basically, why don't they just release like a 3D version of Diablo?
It's kind of like what this game is almost like, you know, where you pick up items and
just kind of grind at it.
Oh, I'm sure Diablo 3 will be something we're hearing about in 2007, so that's just my thought.
I swear I have not been ignoring you, chat room, over at orangelongeradio.com, click
on chat, my mind just got distracted with trying to set up that game and everything
a little bit ago, but it looks like Bobby Black Wolf is actually campaigning right now
to be the voice of Sony, so he'll get up there and be the voice of Sony.
I'll send you some Crayolas, Black Wolf, so you can start practicing, and then DMN
follows up with a Nokia needs Bobby Black Wolf, you know, the N-Gage needs a spokesman
too.
The problem with this, I mean, I really have trouble with them pushing games like the Eye
of Judgment, because it's going to take an elaborate setup to get to work, and to be
honest, the Eye Toy didn't work all that great, and just a lot of the games that are
coming out at launch, like Resistance, okay, it's a first person shooter that takes place
during World War II, which also happens to come out at the same time as Call of Duty
3, which is a first person shooter, takes place during World War II, granted one's
sci-fi, I mean, whatever, okay, so that's neat, but it's got some major competition.
You've got Lair, which is coming out, it's a dragon riding game, coming out also same
month as Aragon, which is also a dragon riding game, also dragon garden stuff, I mean, it's
a cool looking game, and then, you know, Motorstorm, which I don't even think is a launch title,
I know, and then they've got all the EA Sports games, and Carbon, you know, you first pick
Carbon, which is actually a pretty cool game, play the demo, and then the 2K Sports games,
but like, as far as exclusive titles, I mean, there's not a whole lot, and I think that's
really going to hurt them more than the fact that the console is three, you know, fucking
expensive and that there's not that many units out there, I think that there's, you know,
people that are like, actually going to want, I mean, there'll be people that pick up the
console, but a lot of people are like, well, I'm just going to wait until some more games
come out.
Well, Sony fans, if you feel differently, send Loki an email, mailbag at orangeontrader.com.
Meanwhile, let's move on to something for the Nintendo fans, and this is a little bit
more disappointment, I mean, we already heard about the consoles are definitely going to
be region locked, well, guess what, Eurogamer talked to a Nintendo UK spokesperson and they
confirmed that the Wii Virtual Console games will also be region locked.
The Virtual Console games will also not be universal, meaning that Eurogamers will get
Euro versions of the old games, so whether or not this means certain regions will have
to do without certain titles is unknown, but most likely, I mean, certain games were big
in Japan that weren't big over here.
The reason why I sound so depressed about this is because now I'm never going to get
my MSX games here in America, unless, well, obviously emulators and stuff, but come on,
I want to play the original Metal Gear, or Gardick.
Metal Gear here?
No, but the old school MSX, it was on the MSX before it was on the NES.
Well, and the true sequel to Metal Gear was not Snake's Revenge, but the true sequel to
Metal Gear was only on the MSX, but I get, well, they had the whole PlayStation 2 secret
thing, but whatever, I want it on the Virtual Console.
Gimme!
That's why I sound depressed, sorry.
I'm not too worried about it, I mean, big deal, I didn't play a lot of the import
games on the NES, and whatever, I mean, it's not like they were going to put all the games
on there anyways, I mean, so, you know, do I really need a Japanese version of Zelda
on there?
No.
Rama speculates maybe you can get a Japanese Wii Connect 24 account.
Black Boy says he was looking forward to Doki Doki, right, Doki Doki Panic, the inspiration
for Super Mario Bros. 2?
Well, I mean, the consoles themselves are probably region locked, but I'm sure you
could probably, like, disable it or change that to something else, you know?
Well, it's very easy to get a Japanese Xbox 360 account, so maybe that same logic, but
at the same time, it's hard to pay for that, you know what I mean?
Like, you can't really, like, you only get the Japanese accounts, you can download their
free demos and trailers, but you can't, you know, buy things on their store, really.
Well, luckily, there's no real money involved, it's basically the Nintendo Points cards,
or points, and you know what, you can still do that.
And what if the points cards were region locked?
No.
Only the Amer- No, the points cards are just universal.
And what's interesting, though, see, like, there is going to be some Xbox Live games
that are exclusive to Japan, and I was going to buy them on my one account because you
can actually play them on your, you know, U.S. account, too, so I would download the
demo on my Japanese account and register them on my U.S. account.
GS68 says I want the Famicom version of Gradius 2.
See, all these great games that really didn't ever come over here, and I, Nintendo, I think
you ought to reconsider this, or at least, if you're going to do this, please give the
U.S. gamers a shot at some of these games they never played, I bet there's, you know,
money to be made there.
Well, I think a lot of this, though, is going to be to eliminate confusion, I mean, if you're,
you know, a normal consumer out there, I mean, what if you don't want to download the Japanese
version of a certain game, and you might accidentally do that, and then you've wasted your money
on this game?
I mean, there's no amount of clear marketing that's going to stop stupid people from, you
know, injuring themselves or downloading something they shouldn't be.
All right, I'm done being emo.
You know, there's not anymore you can do, but whatever.
Some interesting stuff, though, Reggie over in Nintendo there is contradicting some of
the info we've gotten about the pricing for the, you know, the web browser for the Wii,
and, you know, his comments were basically, in fairness for the Americas, we haven't made
the business decision for how and what we're going to do with the browser.
We recognize for most people browser is pretty standard, the concept of charging a significant
amount of Wii points to get the browser is somewhat challenging.
We're going to work through that.
So basically saying, you know, we haven't announced anything yet about it.
I don't know why they would charge for the browser, that's kind of weird, but whatever.
I mean, if it's like a buck or something, I guess you're paying for licensing maybe
for Opera, I mean, I don't know.
Make it ad supported or something, I don't know.
There is a third party Wiimote coming out, Pelican is making it.
This is very interesting because, you know, the Wiimote is an expensive piece of equipment,
is what, like 50 bucks, 40, 50 bucks it's retailing for?
$39.99.
$39.99.
It's very interesting that a third party is going to jump in and try to make their own
version of the Wiimote, but usually third party controllers aren't quite as good as
first party.
For me, I kind of go, uh-oh, if I were Nintendo, I'd be concerned about this because this is
kind of like market saturation, isn't it?
Well, they're the ones that have to approve it.
Well, I guess that's true.
I bet it won't come out right away, that's for sure.
I don't know, great, but I don't know.
It's a little scary because a lot of the, especially the wireless controllers, you know,
they kind of suck, but whatever.
Anyway, Ari Masan says, Nintendo will sue.
There's some controversy now, this is about the dumbest things too, about the light on
the front of the Wii surrounding the disk drive, whether it's going to be on or off.
During the Nintendo Fusion Tour, there's actually the light was completely turned off and some
people are like, well, hey, I want my light on, you know, what the hell?
That's my theory on this whole thing.
Basically what they've come out and said, the rep, was that the light's only going to
be on when you put a disk in or when you turn the console on and that it's going to turn
off later on.
I think there's either going to be an option to keep it on or the fact that probably those
games that you were playing weren't running on that Wii, they were probably running on
a dev kit that was below the Wii and that the system just wasn't plugged in.
Now I was going to say, when we went to the Konami thing, didn't we see Elibits, the thing
was glowing the whole time?
Yeah, exactly.
But of course that same logic could apply, it could have been hooked up to a dev kit,
doesn't mean shit.
And they could have just had the console plugged in and turned on and so the light glows, but
if it's hooked, you're actually playing off of a dev kit and not the actual system.
So in theory you could just, if you're limited on plugs or whatever for power, you could
just not plug that in and just set that there because it's just for the illusion that you're
playing with the actual Wii and not a dev kit, whereas some people, like Sony, just
like to put the rackmount servers out there for everyone to see.
Alright, that makes sense.
Alright, well we'll see what happens.
Alright, well we are going to go now to the portion of the show where you guys get to
help out and that is by the Skype line.
Just head on over to orangelauntrady.com, click on interact with us and you can learn
about how to call us here live.
Our username on Skype is orangelauntrady or you can always pick up the phone and call
us, 916-226-9067.
Can't remember if I mentioned it last week, but there is an 800 number coming soon because
the number we have now is not toll free, but by the end of the month we're going to have
a toll free number, which is very exciting.
I'm very much looking forward to that.
And then we'll have a lot more folks wanting to call in, I'm sure, and we'll probably bring
back voicemails of the week at that point because we think more of you guys might want
to contribute if you have a toll free number to use because most of you are just too lazy
for Skype, I guess.
Let's go to the phones.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Rama.
What's up, guys?
Hi, Rama.
How you doing?
What's on your mind?
Not much, not much.
I'm trying to quote the last part of the show, but I just got back from another anime convention.
Another anime convention?
Which one this time?
It's manga.
It's nothing but a convention about manga and fans and stuff like that.
So no video games?
Yes, there were video games, there were no tournaments, but let's just say older gamers
like us would have cried tears of joy at the games that were there.
What did they bring?
Well, we saw a working Nintendo set up with Super Mario Bros. 3.
That's pretty hot.
Did they have Guardian Legend?
No, they don't have that.
They're the guys that ran the game and told them next year.
All right.
That works for me.
Anything else you want to share about the con?
What else?
It was fun and it was basically drama-free because everybody just had to have a good
time.
There was no...
Nobody bashing Orange Moms Radio to you this year?
No, not this year, not this year.
We love our anime fans that go to the conventions and then bash us to other people.
That's lovely.
No, I'm done.
I'm just using...
No one disagrees.
It's cool.
Whatever.
People have their varying opinions.
There's about 500 video game podcasts out there.
If you don't like this one, go find another one.
Just make...
Keep it independent is all we ask.
Definitely.
Of course.
All right.
Anything else you want to share?
Let's talk about the games.
There's a few Super Nintendo set up, a couple of PlayStation, and yes, there was Guitar
Hero on the big screen.
There was what?
Guitar Hero on the big screen.
Oh, Guitar Hero on the big screen.
How did that go over?
That was pretty nice.
That and DDR Extreme 2 were the top five.
You also had Nairochimate Hero 4 and Battle Station D.O.N. are also popular.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go so we can take some more calls, okay?
Excellent.
All right.
Have a good one and we hope for some more old school gaming goodness at the next con.
Game right.
All right.
See you guys later.
Later.
Let's go to another call here on our Skype line.
Hello.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Yes.
Hey.
This is Al Mullet calling.
Hey.
We remember you.
You haven't called into this show in a long time.
How are you, Al Mullet?
I am doing just fine, Sky.
I'm doing just fine.
Have you ever called into the podcast?
I don't think so.
No.
This is my first podcast call.
Your podcast debut.
I know you used to listen to the three-hour show back in the day.
Oh, yes.
That was fun times.
Now, from one of the crazy random times, no, that's great.
We love our history.
Now, you're getting married next week, right?
Yes, I am.
Yes, I am.
Congratulations.
Thank you very much.
Is she a gamer?
Slightly.
I am learning her.
Okay.
All right.
That's good.
There's got to be compromise in a relationship, right, Logie?
Exactly.
Right, Logie?
We're mostly DS playing.
We do New Super Mario Brothers versus.
We do Tetris versus.
Okay.
Well, that's cool.
That's cool.
What did you want to call in about tonight?
What's up?
I basically wanted to say hi.
It's been a while.
It's your hand.
Are you still doing your column over at Inside Pulse?
Actually, hey, I have, quote, unquote, left Inside Pulse.
There's just been a lot of stuff going on.
I see.
I'm trying to find work, and obviously the marriage thing.
I mean, things have just been, lots of stuff been going on, and I've been trying to catch
up on everything recently.
I understand.
Lives go through chaos sometimes.
It's fully understandable.
Well, what games have you been playing recently?
Did you check out DDR Supernova?
Oh, yes.
I've been having a blast with that game.
Yeah?
There are a few songs I could have done without, but I like the setup of Stellar Master Mode.
I really like the fact, I think it's the best, what's the word, console licenses.
I think it's the best lineup thus far, especially songs like The Other Side, Turn Up the Music,
L.E.F., A Lot of Electronic Ferocious, and Shivers.
Shivers is awesome.
How do you think the game compares to the other PlayStation 2 releases that are out
there?
It's kind of interesting.
I was just at Target the other day, and they had a DDR Supernova bundle right next to Extreme
2 bundles they still hadn't sold.
Definitely options are still available to the new DDR folks that want to get on board
with this.
How do you think it compares to the other ones?
Well, I definitely think that it's definitely on par with Extreme 2 as far as best US PS2
mix.
There's definitely stuff on there that make me go, wow, this is much better, but then
there are other things that make me go, hey, it was better in Extreme 2.
I think the course mode, we got shafted with course mode this time, because there's only
one difficulty level on everything, whereas last game, you had two difficulty levels on
everything.
Interesting.
What do you think about how the new Xbox games are shaping up?
I think they're shaping up really well.
Their podcasts are definitely making them more favorable by the day.
I appreciate that, and I'll let Konami know you said that.
No, seriously though, if you were still reviewing games for the website, how many stars out
of ten would you be given DDR Supernova?
DDR Supernova, well, that would be under the ten category review system.
I gave Extreme 2 a 7.5, and said that was the best one ever, which is like a 9.0 on
other websites.
I would say that Supernova would range between a 7.0, 7.5, because there's stuff that's better
and there's stuff that's worse, so it would be around the same score, I would think.
What's up with that?
You brought up an interesting point, is that a 7.5, the way you would review games, and
if I wrote game reviews, I would hope I would be very similar as well, where an average
game gets an average score in the middle.
But it seems like most game websites, you're right, kind of skew it towards the high end.
Here's what I would get.
For example, games that are reviewed on IGN, they'll have a score for each category, and
the score doesn't have anything to do with any category on there.
So for example, a game might score 7.5s across the board on all the other categories and
get a 6 overall.
Like okay, how the hell does that average out?
Or I'm thinking about Rotten Tomatoes, because they cover game reviews, they don't do it
quite as well as they do movies, but it says we only give a fresh rating if the site gave
it a 7 or better, because of the skewed people tend to give higher scores on game reviews.
Why do you think that is, Emily?
The problem is that so many of these numbers are pulled directly out of their asses, and
most of these numbers don't even correspond to what their written opinions are on the
game.
There are 7.0s on some sites and on some game reviews, and the bottom line is don't play
this.
It's the way that Inside Pulse reviews games.
It's out of a 10-category system, and it could really excel in some areas, but there are
other areas that could bring the game down.
A game could have a great story, but horrible graphics and sound.
The game could have great gameplay mechanics, but it could only be fun for the first three
hours and basically the games have to be really awesome in all categories to get 8 and above,
but a game can be worth playing at a 7 or even a 6.
Alright, yeah, that's true.
I was going to say, I hope to see that you come back to the internet soon reviewing games
and sticking to the more realistic scale that you started over there.
You just might see a Supernova review before the end of the week, assuming I have enough
time.
Very cool.
Well, El Mullet, I've got to let you go so we can get to some more calls, but thank you
so much for calling in.
Thank you.
Have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Alright, bye-bye.
Bye.
How exciting, a wedding, getting married and all that fun stuff.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Ultimate Gamer from chat.
Well, I'm currently not in chat right now.
Alright, well hello Ultimate Gamer.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, I'm just thinking about the Xbox 360 and now it has a $200 HD DVD drive, and am
I just going to have to... Should I just get a PS3?
Because since the Blu-ray drive is implemented into the PS3 and games are actually on Blu-ray
discs.
Gotcha.
Okay, I see.
Here's the thing, though.
Are you interested in just playing movies with this device, or are you going to be playing
games as well?
I mean, I'm mostly getting the PS3 for games, but I know the Xbox 360 has some good games.
Right.
Because the PS3s are actually on Blu-ray discs.
I think it really boils down to which console has the games that you want, and Microsoft
gets a lot of heat usually because they overlook, or at least they have in the past, they don't
have a lot of solid role-playing type games.
They don't have a lot of solid action games, and they've been trying to correct that.
You've got Blue Dragon coming out, and they had Cameo.
Take that for whatever it's worth, but Sony's always excelled in that range, but on the
flip side, Sony doesn't seem to have a strong lineup right now, so you have to look more
into the future at what Sony's got, and Microsoft is trying to correct themselves, and you saw
that with Tokyo Game Show.
They're trying to take a more broad approach to different games, so you really have to
ask yourself, which of these two systems is going to have the games I want to play?
Because remember what we always say, the golden rule of gaming, a system is only as good as
the games that are on it, and when it comes down to the whole, I guess here's another
question I have for you.
Where does the Wii stand in your mind?
Do you not care about the Wii?
Heck no.
I mean, the Wii is one of them.
I'm definitely going to get the Wii at launch.
Right, but the thing is, the Wii doesn't have any of that, and the Wiis not have a Blu-ray
player.
Hell, it doesn't even have a DVD player.
So that system is really about the games.
You are buying that system for the games and the games only.
So I would say take that same logic and put it on Xbox 360 versus Playstation 3, because
it's not really going to matter Blu-ray, HD, DVD, whatever.
It's going to be really about the games in the end.
I'm going to be honest.
I've seen Blu-ray and HD DVD side-by-side.
It's really not that much different.
The spec-wise, they're about the same too, other than data.
But I do understand what you're saying is that Sony, and I do agree this could be to
their advantage in three years, is that Sony has the native Blu-ray support for the games,
and while right now it's causing the system to cost your first-born child, later on, when
we get further down within the subdivisions of this generation, that could really benefit
them in the end.
But I don't know, for me, I'm kind of like, well then I'll buy the PS3 when it's got those
games.
Well, what I'm saying is with the Blu-ray disc, it's going to actually be a high-definition
disc, whereas the Xbox 360, it's just like having an HDTV will make the game high-definition.
True.
That's true.
But also, don't forget, the other part I'm trying to say here is that doesn't it boil
down to how good the games are, though?
Not necessarily how they look, because being on Blu-ray, certainly they're going to look
better.
But if you're going to buy a Wii, then you must already be into that school of thought
that it really is about the fun games.
And granted that Blu-ray does have more storage available to it, doesn't mean, though, that
they'll use it all, and also doesn't mean that the games that are on DVD-9s are going
to look any less brilliant than, say, a PlayStation 3 game.
Look at Gears of War and Resistance, perfect example.
They both look very good, and one's on DVD, one's on Blu-ray.
It's just compression technology and whatnot.
Don't shop based on specs, shop on what games are good, what you're looking for to get out
of the system, because if you shop on specs, it's just going to be ridiculous.
Here's my closing thought for you, I suppose, Ultimate Gamer.
After all, your name is Ultimate Gamer, get a second job and buy them both.
I'm just messing with you, but I know you're probably right now.
You want one this year, and maybe you'll get the other one next year?
Probably I know I'm getting the Wii first.
The PS3, I get a couple months down the road, but I think the games, they should be like
fully enough, but also good graphics.
You know what?
I think you're on the right track, then.
If the Wii is, it sounds like you really, really, really want the Wii, then go for that,
buy that, and then when you have enough money saved up for a second console, look at the
games that are out and or coming out and make your decision at that time.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
Thanks, really love the show, and a great RSS feed.
I listen to it on my PSP every week, and I get no buffering signs or anything.
Love it.
I'm glad to hear there's people still using OLRPSP.com, so, Loki, go update it.
It's all right.
Thank you.
We appreciate it.
I know sometimes we give the PSP a hard time on this show, but it is a great multimedia
multi-platform system, and we're really glad to be able to offer our podcast on it.
All right.
All right, have a good one, buddy.
Bye-bye.
All right, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
That was a good call.
All right.
Let's go to another call here.
All right.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Am I on?
Yes, you are.
Sorry about that.
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hi, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Digitalize next week.
I know it is, and I'm not going.
I'm missing it by a week.
Wait.
Wasn't it this week?
No.
It's this weekend.
Oh, gotcha.
Okay.
I just, you know.
Yeah, I'm missing it by one week.
I know.
I should be able to dig you up some information on whatever you like.
We want to hear it all.
We want to hear from all the New York listeners next week that are going to this.
Yeah, I will report back since I'm competing.
All right.
So, great.
It's all next week.
What do you want to talk about now?
Well, basically, I mean Nintendo's doing a lot of good things with the Wii, but then
all the good things end up turning up sour, you know, when you really think about it.
The whole having to lock down, you know, region, regioning on, you know, the games and the
virtual console.
Isn't that going to hurt them in the long run?
Well, I agree it sucks and all, but you know, the NES was region locked too.
Yeah, but that was easy to get, you know.
It wasn't as, that was then.
I mean, when you have the PS3 being region free, couldn't they just compete on that?
I don't, I got to be honest with you.
I know the folks that listen to this show because the way myself, Loki, and Dark Soccer
are is that we are focused a lot on import gaming and we really do enjoy a lot of the
games that come over here from Japan.
So from our perspective, yeah, it's really fucked up that Nintendo's not supporting the
region.
I mean, if you had, if you had like a single version of a game without having to do any,
you know, any, any porting, any extra work and try to localize it to a particular country,
you know, rather, you know, rather doing the languages the first time, wouldn't that make
more sense than just releasing one copy?
Well, that's a lot of work though, because you have to do all those different languages
and things.
I mean, if you have French for parts of Canada, Japanese, but that's, you know, but just keeping
that in the single source.
Maybe but, but here's, okay.
Here's my other question for you would be then about the Wii, what, what's the, okay,
what about the, the greater gamer culture out there besides just us, the rabid, you
know, import gamers?
Are they going to give a shit?
Yeah, casual gamers won't give a crap about, about what we're bitching about.
I mean, that's a, that's a fact.
Casual gamers just want to play, period, and so what the Wii does is gives them that opportunity
to just play, which is basically Nintendo's banking on right now.
They're just banking on the, on the casual gamers to, to pretty much, you know, dominate
this holiday season.
So my question is in the big picture, will it really make a difference that they've region
locked out?
Not really.
It would affect some, but then Nintendo wouldn't care because that, because our, our niche
minority is not their bottom line.
Their bottom line is about everyone, the casual gamer included.
Interesting comment in our chat room, Ari Masin says, I'm a large importer.
I might buy two Wiis just to play both Japanese and American games.
Well, Nintendo just one off you.
Well, that's basically what people did when the PS2 first came out.
Yeah, that's what I did.
Hey, Sony made it twice off me, so whatever.
And you know, who knows?
There might be a way to just crack the Wii like they did with the GameCube to play imports.
Oh, we'll see.
And so you got to get those technologies, you got to give those opportunities time.
All right.
All right, Zach, who, anything, any of the thoughts for our listeners?
Basically New York people, Digital Life this Friday, Saturday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
Sunday.
Who's, where's a good meetup spot at Digital Life?
Basically I'm not really sure.
Maybe maybe in the front lobby of the Javits Center.
All right.
So maybe on the, or maybe inside the DDR machine, maybe in the DDR tournament area.
All right.
Orange Loungers, Orange Loungers, be at the DDR machine Saturday at noon.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
The OLR meetup.
Yes, the OLR meetup right there with the DDR tournament.
All right.
It's Saturday at noon.
All right.
Have fun.
Be there.
Okay.
All right.
Later, Zachu.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
One more call.
Last call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's DMA.
How's it going, guys?
God damn, you get through every week.
You know?
All right.
Well, what's up, DMN?
I'm actually calling with a, well, now having heard that last call, I have something else.
But the first thing is a little brief review of Clubhouse Games for the DS.
I want Clubhouse Games.
I totally forgot about this game until somebody was talking about it in chat earlier.
Dude, the only reason I want to get this game is because you can pick the chat over the
internet.
No, no, you can't.
Oh, fuck.
That's it.
I'm not buying it.
Fucking Nintendo, that's what you get.
You can pick the chat over local Wi-Fi while you're playing.
Well, I can do that already.
You can't do pick the chat while you're playing a game, though.
I can do it while I'm playing ping-pals.
Well, I'm sorry you bought that.
No, it was a gift.
It was a very nice gift.
But fuck that game.
Seriously.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I was bought for you.
That's like, no, no, no.
I mean, it was a very sweet person that gave it to me.
I'm not saying anything negative about the game, but seriously, it was like getting a
fruitcake for Christmas, okay?
You know grandma loves you, but you got a damn fruitcake.
Yeah, well, Clubhouse Games is really cool.
What's really awesome about it is with the Wi-Fi mode, you can play all of the multiplayer
games online, which is like about 36, I think, when I come to it.
Now, see, that's cool to me.
Yeah, and it's great because I'm a casual gamer as well as a hardcore gamer.
I love playing like checkers, chess, whatever.
So this is fun for me because I can play with my friends all around the world, and at the
same time, it's games I know how to play.
Cool.
Now, what other kind of like features does this have kind of souped up with the games?
You know, there's like 30 some odd games, which I suppose is a big selling point, but
what are some other features that might sell this game to people?
The fact that it's under the Touch Generations label, which is Nintendo's label for games
anyone can pick up and play.
So you could, sorry, lost some thought there.
You could pick up anything on this and immediately want to play it, and from what I hear, it
might be affordable.
I hear it might retail at the very most expensive $29.99.
Interesting.
Loki, do you know how much that's retailing for?
What thing?
Clubhouse games?
Do you know how much that's going for?
Things like, I want to say $19.99 or something.
Oh, okay.
That'd be nice.
That's a really good deal if that's true.
I can't remember off the top of my head.
If you give me a second, I can check.
All right, well, you do that.
What else did you want to say, DMN, while he's checking?
Now hearing about that whole Wii region lock, it could be very possible that sometime down
the road, Nintendo could release a firmware update to eliminate that issue.
Why would they do that?
I don't know.
Perhaps maybe Nintendo will realize the error of their way sometime down the road and be
like, oh, hey, these people want to play our Japanese titles.
They can't ignore the fact that Owen Don was one of the most imported games of 2006.
And they said, okay, fine, we're going to give you Elite Beat Agents.
But if there's an Owen Don game coming out for the Wii, I want it, and I don't want to
have to buy another Wii or crack my Wii open to play on my American console.
I totally understand what you're saying, because it's as cool as Elite Beat Agents might be,
it's not Owen Don.
It's not the same song list, which in a music game is everything.
And that's what Dark Tetsuya agrees in chat right there, but Elite Beat Agents is an entirely
different game.
Did you find the answer, Logie?
Yes I did.
What?
$29.99.
Blast.
That's all right.
$29 is not a bad price, really, for that many games.
But I mean, they're not all shitty clones of each other, right?
They're all uniquely different, pretty cool games?
Yeah, they're all uniquely different, and I've already played a couple games of Wi-Fi.
There is nothing like a good Wi-Fi game of BS, and definitely nothing like a good Wi-Fi
game of Speed.
If anybody's familiar with that game.
I'm totally going to be playing some of our chatters in Speed.
I'll buy this game just for that.
You could have just released Speed and I'd buy that.
That's a great game.
All right.
Well, I'll be picking up the game, and we'll post on the forums and get an OLR get together
on the clubhouse games at some point.
All right, cool.
All right.
DMN, thanks so much for calling in.
We appreciate it.
All right.
Take care.
Have a wonderful week.
Bye-bye.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skyline tonight.
Thank you guys so much for calling in.
Sorry to those folks who didn't get through.
Try again next time.
Any last minute stories you want to share, Loki?
Of course I do.
I know.
You always do.
Anyways.
Some wonderful stuff.
Okay.
One thing about the Wii, since we were just talking about it.
The Miis that you create, actually, they're going to be popping up in different things.
For example, in games, you might see the other Miis that you've created in the audience or
in the stands for certain games.
Also, they will be possibly migrating to other Wii systems, kind of like Animal Crossing.
So that's kind of neat.
Oh, that's kind of neat.
Yeah.
So it's not just your face in Wii Sports.
It's the tennis wielder.
You might start infecting other consoles.
That's kind of neat.
Exactly.
All right.
I like that.
So that's pretty cool.
Some other cool stuff.
Rainbow Six Vegas is going to be seeing a demo on Xbox Live on October 23rd.
That game looked pretty amazing.
So worth checking out.
As we mentioned before with GT, that it was going to have a steering wheel attachment
for the Wii.
Monster 4x4 World Circuit, another Ubisoft racing game, will also have that same steering
wheel attachment as well for the Wii.
So that's going to be pretty cool.
Something that I thought was kind of interesting, well, actually, a few acquisitions took place
this week.
EA finished their deal to buy DICE, the makers of Battlefield franchise.
So that was pretty interesting.
And also, Foundation 9 acquired Shiny Entertainment.
You might remember them from wonderful games like Earthworm Jim.
And then there was a survey that went out for Guitar Hero that mentioned two games that
are possibly in the works, Keyboard Hero and Drummer Hero.
In no way, I'm sure, ripping off any Konami franchises with those.
But interesting nonetheless.
Oh yeah, I heard about that survey that went out.
I don't know, though.
I think people might be reading too much into that whole thing.
There was also a really cool product that was released called Connect360 that indexes
your iTunes and iPhoto libraries to stream them to the 360, which is interesting.
If you want to check that out, it's www.nullriver.com slash index slash products slash Connect360.
So go check that out.
And then some more adult content that is available out there.
For Dead or Alive Extreme 2, you will be getting changing sequences.
That's right, the girls will change.
Like in Final Fantasy X-2, where they did the little woo!
Actually yes.
I knew it.
It's not like...
It says it will be anime-inspired, resembling a transformation sequence you'd find in something
like Sailor Moon.
Of course, there's going to be some really naughty stuff in there.
And then finally, to all-out actual porno, the Whores of Warcraft, a website that's actually
released that has Warcraft-themed porn on it, and that's Whores of Warcraft dot com.
They have one episode you can purchase right now for $7.95, and it's real people.
This isn't Maki-Mai or anything like that, but they actually also have a MySpace community
if you want to join that, which is MySpace dot com slash Whores of Warcraft.
I should also mention that Orange Lounge Radio has a MySpace community that's more worth
your time.
MySpace dot com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
But they have some chick that looks like she has elf ears, so that's kind of interesting.
That's your elf porn going on there.
I have received a hot tip from a trusted source that WarioWare for the Wii is going to be
bumped up to a launch title, and you will be seeing that very soon.
Well good, because I have that pre-ordered, and it was only slated for January.
Well, it looks like you may actually get your WarioWare on in November, so take that as
you will.
I want to see Wii Play come out as the launch title, too.
That's not even slated to come out in this country at all, is it?
It's coming out in the UK, I mean, come on!
How hard would it be to release it here as well, I mean, seriously.
That's going to wrap it up for tonight's show.
We're done.
We're out of here.
This is a weird show with just two of us, but we did pretty good getting through all
the news.
Dark Soccer will be back next week to keep us in line and to read the emails and give
you her website of the week, of which there is none this week because she's not here.
Next week as well, we'll have more of you guys in our chat room and on the Skype line
and more news and hopefully some interviews.
We are trying to get some interviews lined up for the rest of the month on through the
year.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent radio.
We appreciate it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Well, Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I have two episodes of my new show done already, both an hour long.
Excellent.
Yes.
Orange House Radio will be participating in November sweeps this year.
That's all I can say.
My final thought will be, on behalf of Jamie not being here, I will say reject false icons.
My other final thought would be how in the hell did six bottles of Aquafina end up over
on Extra First's desk?
That's kind of scary.
They're all half empty.
Actually, quite a bit of them are mostly full.
What the hell?
What the hell is wrong with this picture?
Such a waster.
Oyster of water.
All those countries out there that are dehydrated.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us.
We appreciate it.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
Bye.
