Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly To listen to the first half of this episode visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 206, if you can believe it, for this October the 29th of 2006.
Remember, if you're listening to us on the podcast feed, Orange Lounge Radio comes to you in two parts.
And if you want to hear all the news we already talked about, you've got to go to part A. If you're thinking like, hey, why doesn't this podcast talk about this?
Well, maybe we already did.
Or maybe we missed something and you want to email us and yell at us about it.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We love getting emails from you guys.
We got a whole crapload of them this week because we had a long period there with the pre-taping of our show last week.
Rob is obviously not speaking for me.
What?
What?
We enjoy getting e-mails from you.
Oh, no, I love getting e-mails.
That's because Rob's obviously not speaking for me.
Oh, well, you know what I mean.
I go in there, too.
I peek.
I'm joking.
I like getting e-mail.
Usually, you'll share them with me anyway, if they're really good or really bad.
I love the hate mail, though.
I finally just told somebody off in the e-mail, and he was so retarded that his only response was yawn.
I'm like, ha-ha!
I'm sure that person is still listening and just got a boner hearing you say that.
Good, thank you for listening because I think that your hate mail is hilarious and really stupid.
So send your hate mail to Mailbag at Orangelandradio.com so DarkSakura can make fun of it.
We'll get to that a little later.
We'll get to Mailbag a little later.
But for now, we need some news.
Loki, save us from this endless debate about hate mail.
Well, Toys R Us did their wonderful pre-orders for PlayStation 3 and the Wii on the 29th.
So that already happened if you're probably listening to this now.
and, um, yeah, it was a clusterfuck, much like the GameStop EB pre-orders.
Um, they actually were having lines of people, um, lining up a day in advance.
So, um, pretty crazy.
A lot of the Toys R Us stores were getting anywhere from, like, yeah, what was it, I think it was four to eight PlayStation 3s and, like, six
