Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this episode number 202 for this October
1st of 2006.
I can't believe the year is almost over at this point.
It's crazy.
Seriously.
Time just flies by.
Alright, well let's get back into some gaming news.
Loki, why don't you start us off.
Yes, let's start us off with the Zune.
The Zune, it sounds like Lune.
But anyways, Microsoft's brand new MP3 movie, you name it, player.
They announced some details at X06 about how exactly it's going to work and some of the
online things.
The 30GB version of the Zune will be sold for $249.99 when they're on sale November
14th in the United States.
The price of music is in two choices.
You can either buy a monthly pass for 99 cents, which will give you hearing access to all
these songs in the Zune marketplace.
But there is a catch.
You will not be able to listen to the songs once the pass has expired.
If you want to permanently buy any song, you can make it yours by spending 79 Microsoft
points.
That's right.
The same Microsoft points you would be buying Doom on Xbox Live Arcade, you can be spending
on music.
And of course, 79 points is roughly about 99 cents.
So you can either purchase the song for 99 cents or you can pay, I guess, a monthly fee
and listen to all the music for 99 cents.
But you probably have to download it each time.
So it's kind of interesting.
Kind of an interesting way to conduct business.
Pretty soon I'll be paying my rent in Microsoft points.
Kind of sad.
That honestly is a bit on the sad side.
I honestly, you know, I've had this sort of image though that the way the future is going
to go is going to use some sort of electronic.
We're already on credit cards, you know.
We can buy things online.
Man, debit and all that stuff, we're practically there.
It'll be like Demolition Man where they scan the barcode in our hand and we have credits
and if you cuss...
I hope not because that was kind of a crap movie.
Well, actually, ironically enough...
I love that movie.
I was watching this thing on the Discovery Channel.
They were talking about Wired.
It's like they have Next Fest or something like that where they're showing off, you know,
brand new technology.
Kind of like, I guess, CES or something like that.
But anyways, one of the technologies that they were showing off was a thumbprint scanner.
It's basically a thumbprint scanner and then you enter in your phone number and you'll
deduct, you know, money from your checking or savings account just using your thumbprint.
So that's pretty much going to be like the wave of the future.
We also have this thing where they have a chip stored in a fake tooth that's fireproof,
you know, bashproof pretty much.
So that if you were to be horribly, say, horribly burned in a fire, they can still identify
your remains without DNA testing.
You've got your tooth there with your medical records and all your information.
Without having to play, let's name the burn victim!
Well, to get back into gaming news...
Yes, please.
Now, keep in mind, I was a big tech TV fangirl.
For fans of Saint's Row, there is a thing called the Thunky Fresh Pack, yeah.
It's 100 Microsoft points and it has clothes, tattoos, hairstyles.
For use in single and multiplayer modes, you've also got tiger striped underwear, bunny slippers,
an eye patch, and a samurai helmet, medallions, and rattlesnake tattoos.
Gee, do I spend the 100 points to buy this crap or should I get a copy of London Bridge
for my Zune?
I just don't know.
I think...
Some people like the customization.
And some people like Fergie.
Oh my god, I had to listen to that CD yesterday.
My character has a pimp hat now and his dress is in really nice clothes.
All purple, of course, because I've got to represent Saint's Row colors in order to get
the more, I guess, points for missions and stuff.
This was kind of like the same thing we were talking about a while back, which was rumored
to be coming to the kiosk at GameStop for free.
I wish it was coming to the GameStop kiosk for free because I'd rather pick it up there.
Who knows?
Maybe it still will.
I hope so.
Some of them pay for this.
Well, I like free things and Midway is giving away some free things right now, namely some
online Flash playable copies of some of their arcade treasures.
You can play Bubbles, Defender 1 and 2, Joust, Rampage, Robotron 2084, which is Microsoft
Points on Xbox 360, Satan's Hollow, Sinistar, Spy Hunter, and Tapper.
Yes, you can play those all online on Midway's website.
Right now, if you want, it's MidwayArcade.com.
So who needs Midway arcade treasures, huh?
You got all that available for you.
Enjoy.
Exactly.
And you know what?
You've got to save money for those PlayStation 3 games, of course.
And as we mentioned earlier, they are going to be retailing for about $59.99 for the most
part, which is expected.
Most current gen games are peaking out about $49.99, most actually which are $39.99 now.
And now the next gen games are going to try to be getting $59.99 retail for most everything.
This is pretty much confirmed by sites like Sony style and whatnot.
Some games might not be $59.99 like Gran Turismo HD.
It's not a surprise, I would say.
But I'm still waiting for those companies out there to get greedy and start charging
more.
As long as those $70 and $80 rumors don't come true.
To be honest, though, I don't think they are because if anything, they'll try to nickel
and dime you on the backend with their online content.
That's what it's going to end up being.
Instead of charging $70, they can charge $900 and charge $50 for the game or something.
Alright.
Jamie.
What?
Jamie.
What?
Jamie.
Jamie.
Bob.
Jamie.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Okay.
So we got Kayla.
Kayla WWE,
On the sixth, we have Barnyard for a bunch of stuff.
We have Capcom Puzzle World on PSP.
Heroes of Annihilated Empires on the PC.
Import Tuner Challenge on Xbox 360.
Mage Knight Apocalypse on PC.
The Nintendo DS browser on the PSP.
I'm sorry, the DS.
That was a bad joke.
Wah wah.
Open Season coming out on damn near everything.
Put out by Ubisoft.
Wild Arms 4 on PlayStation 2.
I have to say the Wild Arms series is a good game.
I have a friend who is absolutely addicted to that game.
Wild Arms 4 is good.
Did Wild Arms Ultra F ever come out over there?
Not a series I played.
Hey guys, let me know if it ever came out.
A few things coming up though in the month to look forward to is Power Stone collection for PSP.
English training, have fun improving your skills on the DS.
That's actually pretty funny.
Resident Evil 4 Platinum, Sims 2 Pets coming out.
They're getting Dragon Ball Z Tenkaichi Budokai 2 and Metal Slug Anthology.
That's pretty cool.
The US isn't going to see too much this week.
There are some pretty good games there.
FIFA Soccer 07 if you're a soccer fan coming out in almost every single system.
You do have also Star Trek Encounters coming out on the PlayStation 2.
A great Star Trek combat game.
Very cheap, $19.99.
So check it out if you can.
I think actually it might even be $14.99.
I know it's very cheap, but that's all I know.
Anyways, another crappy game, Snow Cross 2 featuring Air Blur Morgan.
And by the way, this game has been delayed for a year, so it's crap.
Let's see, Mercury Meltdown for the PSP, which is equal for the first Mercury game.
And I don't know if this is worth your money, but if you want, pick it up.
Gangs of London, definitely a better game for the PSP.
Also on the PC we have El Matador and Paparazzi.
So that's some interesting stuff.
How could I not forget Scarface, PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
Now a lot of places are reporting that this is the 8th of October, but it's actually the 5th.
It has a soft street date on it, so stores will be getting it on the 5th, but they cannot advertise it until the 8th.
So weird.
Go bug your GameStops, because that's probably the game you're going to want that week.
Alright, well over in Japan we have some release dates for the week.
Honestly, not a whole lot coming out this week.
It's kind of a slow week over there as well.
NBA Live 07 and FIFA Soccer 07 both coming out this week.
Shinobido Imashime, also known as Spike the Best, is coming out over there this week as well.
And Dragon Ball Z Sparking Neo is coming out this week.
Front Mission 5 in the Ultimate Hits Collection, hit stores this week in Japan as well.
And for you music game fans who have about $250 to spare, you can get your Guitar Freaks ASC arcade-style controller this week.
That's awesome.
Well, as far as other releases for the UK going back to them, they're actually, for fans who are football nuts,
there's Pro Evolution Soccer 6 coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, and PC on 27th October, of course out by Konami.
PSP and DS versions will be coming.
They're actually stating that the 360 version is going to be noticeably improved.
The AI anyway is. They actually specifically named it in areas like the AI players running into space.
That's not going to happen.
It also runs in high definition and widescreen.
It will also feature new licensed clubs, including Manchester United, Benfica, Sporting Lisbon, and Olympiasos.
New kits and squads for Czech, French, Australian, English, Italian, Argentinian, Spanish, and Swedish National.
I know we've got some football fans listening.
Some other things you might be able to look forward to on the next-gen consoles, other than football, would be Castlevania.
More Castlevania games are on the way, including more 2D Castlevania games, Promises, Koji, and Higurashi.
Now, of course, Xbox Live Arcade will be seeing Symphony of the Night at some point, as they've announced previously,
but we might see even maybe the original Castlevania, Simon's Quest, 3, who knows?
From the sounds of it, he says, I hope more people will enjoy 2D Castlevania experience as a result of it, talking about the three systems succeeding.
He thinks all three of them are going to do well.
Basically, he's up for doing more 2D Castlevania, so maybe we'll see some exclusive stuff on the next-gen marketplaces.
Please, some more 2D Castlevania, or you can do that subtle hints of 3D, kind of like if you look at Symphony of the Night.
Just make a real grand 2D Castlevania for the next-gen. It would be awesome.
Just because you're next-gen doesn't mean everything has to be 3D.
Look at a game like Viewtiful Joe. It was a great 2D using next-gen graphics.
Anyway, if you still want to live in the current generation, well, this might be the controller for you.
This is a controller that would be great for throwing against the wall.
Everybody has a friend like this, somebody who gets so frustrated, or maybe a sibling, that they throw the controller against the wall,
or they throw it at people when they get really frustrated with the game.
Well, now you have a Nerf controller.
That's right, there's a PlayStation 2 controller that's covered in Nerf.
It's like this bluish color here, and it's coming out for the PlayStation 2, and it's wireless.
It comes in black, blue, red, or orange. It'll be about $30, and comes out in November of 2006.
That's right, the official Nerf controller, perfect for throwing around, although I wouldn't recommend it.
You could still break the damn thing.
Or somebody.
It's still kind of heavy. Just because it's Nerf-made doesn't mean it's safe to chuck at people's heads, but it at least would hurt a lot less.
Speaking about breaking people, there was the Uwe Boll boxing matches going on recently, and as expected, you know,
nothing's going to be fair when it comes down to Uwe Boll.
In fact, Richard Lotak-Kanka was one of the people from Something Awful to actually be able to fight in this,
and he kind of gave a little bit of a background to these whole boxing matches.
Apparently, they were supposed to be a PR stunt, which is, you know, pretty obvious, and all the punches were supposed to be kind of fake.
Also, that they were supposed to be given training.
So it was supposed to be like wrestling.
Pretty much. And it was supposed to be, you know, they were supposed to be given training beforehand.
So, you know, there were going to be five contenders, but apparently one of them had to be pulled out of the competition
because he had a boxing background, and Uwe Boll wasn't like a fair fight.
So out of the four people, including one 17-year-old, everyone, you know, pretty much got beat the crap out of.
Is that legal, to beat the crap out of a 17-year-old like that?
Well, I guess it was Canada. Maybe the laws are different there. I don't know.
I guess he signed a waiver. Maybe the parents signed a waiver as well.
Video's out there on YouTube, so check it out.
To be honest, I don't know, you know, Richard Lotax, or Lotax from Something Awful,
his whole thing is, you know, he didn't really hate Uwe Boll before this whole thing, and now he does.
He thinks he's a douche, basically.
Wonder Dog Harold sums it up in our chat room and says, Uwe Boll is such a pig fucker.
It doesn't matter. Okay, big deal. So you beat up some critics.
Ooh, you beat up critics that had no boxing training, and one person that actually might give you some competition,
you pussied out, you fucker.
Didn't one of the critics that came out of this say that, you know, although the fight was kind of a joke,
the new movie's not bad, or something like the clips they saw from the new movie didn't seem that bad?
I don't see how they can mess up, you know, Postal. I mean, that one I'm interested in seeing, actually.
But I think the new movie, In the Name of the King or whatever, that's going to suck donkey balls.
And know what's even worse about it? It's two fucking parts, so it's like four hours long.
No, thank you. I will not be seeing your two crappy-ass halves of movies.
You know what I would pay to see?
What?
Jack Thompson versus Uwe Boll. Seriously, to death.
Why isn't Jack Thompson coming after him for beating up on 17-year-olds?
Because he's too busy trying to involve himself by, oh, God, Roboy linked me to this article.
He's aligning himself with the defense for some cases. It's just a bunch of bullshit.
Well, you'll notice I purposely omitted that from tonight's show role because I didn't want to give him any more attention.
Sorry.
Well, the one thing that I think is worth mentioning for this is that it's probably something to lightly get him disbarred in that state, so let's hope that happens.
Hooray.
Well, God, all this talk of Uwe Boll and Jack Thompson puts me in a foul mood, so you know what that means, right, Dark Sakura?
Hmm.
The FUs of the week, Dark Sakura.
My FU of the week goes primarily, there are some exceptions, to straight men.
Oh, yes. Just because I'm a woman doesn't give you the right to look at me, see me there, and then proceed to back into me and elbow me in the shoulder while trying to take a picture at the wax museum.
And then it doesn't give you permission to just expect me to move out of the way when you're going to open a door.
I paid to be there. You are going to freaking respect my personal space. Fuck you and your cock.
But not literally.
No.
It goes to this whole attitude of, I'm a man, you're a woman, you have to move, you have to do what I say, blah, blah, blah.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
You know what?
The whole, I hate how, I hope you're not, this isn't towards you.
Well, I'm just saying, how did you know his sexual orientation?
His wife was there.
Does that mean anything?
Trust me.
I have infallible gay dark.
These people, the only way that I think that there would be any remotely gay vibe coming from them is if they were like, you know, bare leather daddies or something.
Which I saw plenty of today.
But no.
All our listeners of the show are accepted from this, fuck you, right?
Yeah.
Yes, yes.
But I hate, especially, I hate the whole, the flock of testosterone.
You know what I mean?
When you get, like, I guess the football man where it's like, we're going to drink beer and go hooters.
We're going to, to quote Margaret Cho, we're going to order titties with wet dressing and celery sticks.
That's just, okay.
All right.
No, no, no.
Like I said, this is not centered toward all straight men, this is just centered toward stupid straight men.
All right, Loki, speaking of stupid straight men, Loki, you know how they actually serve Hooters at Hooter?
That might be worth, you know, the price of admission right there, but not their food size.
You know, actually, ironically enough, fuck you to stupid women drivers who can't fucking pay attention on the road because you're talking to your kids or talking on the cell phone or fucking around with something on your dash.
You know, I know I understand that those complex SUVs that you drive are so, you know, beyond you.
But, you know, could you do us all a favor and stay at home so I don't have to bother, you know, driving behind you because you're too fucking slow or retarded?
Thank you.
You have to remember we have, we have folks all around the world listening and not everyone knows what Hooters is.
Hooters is this, um, eatery where you can order hot wings and that's about all that's decent on the menu and they're not even very good because they taste like vinegar.
And they're served by women, um, wearing really small gym shorts.
Cheerleader outfits, essentially.
Not quite, because they're not little skirts, they're just those uber, they're the shorts that you can see ass cheeks through.
And, and actually I read an article about a girl who went inside on, on Hooters just to try to find out what went on behind the scenes.
They give you, they ask you what your t-shirt size is and they give you one that's two sizes too small.
Lovely.
And basically you're there for boobs.
Which I have no problem with personally, but I hate the whole mentality that spawned it.
And a question from our chat room from someone from abroad who doesn't know better, uh, is there a male version?
There should be.
When I was in high school, one of my people who was in band with me that I used to march next to, she said that they should open a restaurant called Pecker's.
Where it's men in Speedos that wear their aprons backwards.
Did you have any other FUs?
Uh, just actually the Hooters, this is kind of a, you know, an old FU, but FU the Hooters because their service does suck.
I mean, you might go there saying, oh yeah, we're gonna go get served by, you know, hot chicks.
The chicks are dumb and the service is awful and they can't get anything right and it took them like two hours to serve like hot wings.
Which is their staple food at this goddamn place and they can't prepare that even quick enough.
Then they, you know, jump around and dance and stuff and just act obnoxious and annoying the whole time.
It's obviously not worth the trip, so go to a strip club if you really want to eat with boobs around you. Seriously.
What was that one strip club that you said had really good food?
I think it was Centerfolds.
Do you wanna go?
Sure, why not? It'll be fun.
Well, Nellie will want to go. Alright, we'll all go. We'll be at OLR. We'll have a staff meeting at Centerfolds. That'll be fun.
That'll be excellent.
Alright, we'll do that. Our next OLR staff meeting at the titty bar.
Um, let's see, um, my FU of the week goes to Philips, the company that made my last television.
Just over one year after buying the thing, we stopped working.
You would turn on the TV, my nice new high-definition TV, you turn it on, then the image would get really bright and then it would shut off.
And it broke. The damn TV broke.
But thank you to Costco, who's now my favorite store ever. They have the best return policy in the world.
I took the TV back and got a new TV from a different company that hopefully will work for more than a year.
Did it have the red eye of death on it? Like that 360?
No, it did not have the three rings of death on it. It just, it would come up, it would shut off and then that little flashing green light would come on.
Flash, flash, flash, and that's all it would do.
So I'm tempting you, I have power, but I'm not going to work.
Bobby's offering to fly out here for the staff meeting.
You are more than welcome to attend.
We can talk about all games business as well at the meeting.
That would be pretty funny.
You know, that just sounds like it would be lots of fun.
It is fun.
Strippers are nice people. One of my roommates from, actually ex-roommates from college, well, suitemates, she was a stripper.
You know, it is funny, like, you know, people go, but Sky, you're gay, how can you enjoy the titty bar?
Look, the same reason my straight friends end up enjoying the gay bar every time I take them.
You know, I have very few straight friends who complain about the gay bar.
I think it's only fair if I'm, if they're going to go there, I should go to the titty bar.
And it's funny, it's fun.
I complain about the excessive amount of karaoke that's about it.
And I would have to agree though with SSJ100, Matt, I think that was who said it.
Boobs are a lot more sanitary than cock.
Alright, well, we are going back into the news now, and this has absolutely nothing to do...
We're made an adult this time around.
This absolutely has nothing to do with titties, but it is a little foul.
If you ever watch South Park, you know, it's a little bit dirty, but in that way that we all love.
Well, it looks like on South Park's season premiere, they're going to be spoofing World of Warcraft.
And a little 15-second teaser hit the internet this week, and it says the World of Warcraft,
shows the World of Warcraft, and then we hear that all too familiar voice.
Alright, this is it!
I need to play World of Warcraft!
Oh my God, they killed Kenny!
Killed faster!
Yes, that's right, this Wednesday on Comedy Central, that should be interesting.
World of Warcraft is going to be hitting South Park.
Yeah, you know, I enjoy South Park.
I've seen quite a few episodes.
It's one of my guilty pleasures, and I'm sure it's going to be hilarious.
You know, they've spoofed games before.
They've spoofed DDR, and they've spoofed the golden PSP.
Remember that whole episode with the Terry Schiavo thing?
Yeah.
Yeah, so they've spoofed stuff before.
So we thought it would be fun to bring back an old favorite segment of ours tonight,
and have a little fun with this topic.
We're going to play Listless.
Alright, the way Listless works is that we're going to come up with the definitive list
of Orange Lounge Radio's top something with whatever category we're doing tonight.
And as a follow-up to this story, the category we're going to do tonight is
game that South Park most needs to make fun of.
Now obviously we can't do World of Warcraft, and we can't do DDR.
Here's the way Listless works.
All of the hosts are going to go around and name their top three,
and then we're going to go around and eliminate one off the list,
so it gets a little vicious in here.
Now usually this game is played with four people,
but since there's only three of us here in studio,
we've asked one of our frequent callers and emailers to join us tonight.
Caller, are you there?
Uh, no.
I guess you must be, smartass.
What's your name? Introduce yourself.
DMN.
Hello, DMN. How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Are you excited to play Listless with us tonight?
Oh, yeah.
It was funny. I asked DMN, I'm like, DMN, you want to play Listless with us tonight?
He's like, what?
I guess we haven't played this game in a while.
Sometimes people recognize it from the little theme song we play,
a little, you know, come on down, come on down.
Anyway, all right, forget it.
Let's get to the list, shall we?
I'll get one dollar.
No, wrong game, DMN.
Wrong game.
We're making a list.
All right, and just for that smartass remark, I'm going to make you go first.
What would be your number three pick for game that South Park most needs to make fun of?
Night Trap.
Night Trap.
Winner.
The old Sega CD game starring Dana Plato.
Oh, yeah.
That's a great one.
Good job.
You're good at this game, DMN.
We'll see if the rest of your list is up to par, though.
But first, well, not yet, not yet.
We've got to go to Loki.
Loki, you're number three.
I would say Grand Theft Auto.
Grand Theft Auto.
Is there a particular one in the series you think it should?
San Andreas.
Because that would be fun.
Okay, Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas.
Excellent.
Dark Sakura, what would be your number three?
Karaoke Revolution.
Karaoke Revolution.
Would you like American Idol type style?
That's just what I see happening.
All right, that works.
Oh, by the way, just a quick disclaimer.
We don't claim to be South Park gurus, so if we accidentally name something that South
Park already made fun of, our bad.
I have watched most of the episodes.
This is like well over 100 that have been made, so I haven't seen them all, but I've
seen a lot.
I've probably seen about 100.
All right, my number three pick would be, oh, this is too easy, because just imagine
they could make fun of cosplaying if they did Final Fantasy.
All right, so so far on our list, we have Night Trap, Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas,
Karaoke Revolution, and Final Fantasy.
DMN, what would be your number two pick?
Custer's Revenge.
Custer's Revenge.
The old Atari 2600 classic, yes?
Yes.
Yes, where you can rape and pillage in very, very pixelated format.
That would be interesting to see on South Park.
I don't know.
All right, well at least they both have crappy animation, so you know it would work out.
Loki will be your number two pick.
Oh, this is tough.
I guess Twisted Metal, because that would be funny.
Twisted Metal, interesting.
All right.
Just because it's interesting?
Because it has lots of cars with guns on them.
Oh, okay.
Dark Soccer, your number two pick.
Mario Kart.
Mario Kart.
Just imagine they throw, what was the ball-shaped kid's name?
I don't remember.
The Little Canadian.
Oh, Ike?
Ike.
You know how they throw Ike as a thing, and then throw Kenny Ted?
Didn't they have a South Park game that was kind of like Mario Kart?
Yeah.
But they never really referenced it on the show, so I guess it could work.
All right, we'll see.
All right.
Let's see, my number two.
My number two would be Silent Hill, because they not only have the games, but now the
movie that they could spoof.
And you know you want to see Pyramid Head in a little cheesy South Park form.
And he could kill Kenny.
I have to draw that now, you know.
He could kill Kenny.
He'll be great.
All right, here we go.
Number one picks.
DMN, what would be your number one pick?
Well, seeing as we're on the topic of crappy games, I thought I'd say, hey, why doesn't
South Park make fun of South Park?
So South Park, the game.
Yes.
Interesting.
Interesting little play.
Why doesn't South Park make fun of itself and its own crappy game that came out?
Yeah.
Good thought.
Good thought.
Which one?
The Nintendo 64 one?
Yes.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
All right.
Loki, your number one pick.
That would be funny.
I like that idea.
Katamari Damacy.
Did you see that commercial this week that was kind of inspired by Katamari Damacy?
Yeah, except the people who made it say they were not inspired by the game in any way.
I don't watch TV, so I have no idea what it is.
It's on YouTube.
Okay.
That's the new TV.
All right.
Dark Sakura, what would be your number one?
The Sims.
The Sims.
Oh, that's a good one.
Imagine they do have somebody controlling them walking around town.
Good one.
Good one.
All right.
First, before I name my number one, let's go and look at some chat room picks.
Here's some things the chat room are suggesting.
O.L. Army Eddie says, Dead or Alive.
GS68 says, Mortal Kombat.
Let's see.
Drew Nami says, Africa.
Mechlar says, Loco Roco.
GS68 says, Genji 2.
Ravens Dolphin says, Dead Rising.
Blazer says, Gradius.
All very good guesses.
Loco Roco would be funny with Cartman.
That would be funny.
How about Your Mom the Game last night?
All right.
Here it is in bed.
Ooh.
All right.
Here it is.
My number one pick is none of those.
It's a game that desperately needs to be made fun of, especially after this week that I
got my hands on it.
Sonic the Hedgehog for 360.
All right.
So, here's the list as it stands so far, and we're going to have to take one of these off
the list, DMN.
You've got to take one of these off the list, and unfortunately the chat room will not be
able to vote for it because you've ruined their hopes and dreams to be able to vote
for it.
Here it is.
Here's the list as it stands so far.
Night Trap, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, Karaoke Revolution, Final Fantasy, Custer's
Revenge, Twisted Metal, Mario Kart, Silent Hill, South Park the Game, Katamari Damacy,
The Sims, and Sonic the Hedgehog 360.
DMN, which one of these do you say South Park should not make fun of?
Which should come off the list?
Twisted Metal.
Twisted Metal.
Yeah, that was a little obscure, wasn't it?
All right, Loki.
This is too old.
Yeah, it is a little obscure.
Too old.
All right, Loki, what's coming off the list?
South Park the Game.
It's a crappy game, but it just wouldn't be funny.
You're not into the whole self-parody thing?
I think it just wouldn't be that funny.
All right.
Dark Sakura, what's coming off the list?
Night Trap would be too obscure.
Night Trap is too obscure.
As much as I agree, either Night Trap or Sewer Shark or something, nobody, unless they were
in our age range of gamer, probably wouldn't get it.
All right.
Every pick that's left here is actually pretty good, so this is hard for me to take one off.
I'm going to take off... Jamie, don't hate me.
I'm taking off Karaoke Revolution, because since they already made fun of DDR, it's kind
of close for me, so... All right.
Rob.
What?
What?
Rob.
What?
What?
All right.
Hi.
I hate you.
No, you don't.
All right, here we go, Chat Room.
You now have the chance to vote on your favorite.
I need you to give a number one and a number two, and here is what you get to vote on.
All right, and DMN, you don't get to vote, because you already helped.
Okay.
All right, here it is.
Here's the list, and I posted it there in Chat.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, Final Fantasy, Custer's Revenge, Mario Kart, Silent Hill,
Katamari Damacy, The Sims, and Sonic the Hedgehog 360.
Place votes now.
Your number one and number two picks.
Send a private message to Sky in the Chat Room with your vote.
Remember, it doesn't count unless it's over private message.
We'll tally up the votes and reveal it shortly here in the show.
DMN, thanks for your help.
No problem.
You guys have a good night.
Hey, anything else you wanted to get out, since we probably won't get back to you during
call-ins?
Anything else you wanted to get out of your system while we have you on the line?
No, I can save it for another show, I think.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
Well, DMN, thanks for being here, and you're going to be here in person in about a month,
right?
Yeah.
That should be interesting.
All right.
I'll get to it.
See you later.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Well, some interesting stuff.
It's been pretty dark, but the whole controversy with Bully, apparently, people were wrong.
It says Bully has been shown to, E3 was shown to a very few press people, but now that it's
almost out, actually, in the next couple of weeks, it's been shown to a lot more people.
Actually, the game itself, which garnered a teen rating, isn't as controversial as it
seems and, actually, pretty fun.
Unfortunately, since all these outrageous claims are made by people that, well, haven't
played the game, it's kind of a whole situation where a lot of people have egg on their face
now.
So, take that, JT.
All right.
Speaking of politically oriented things, we love those guys over at Game Politics.
We just wanted to give a mention that gamepolitics.com has launched this week and, unfortunately,
it means they have come off of LiveJournal for their commenting system, but they have
a fancy-schmancy new website made in WordPress, so you should check it out, gamepolitics.com.
We just wanted to give them a shout out and Dark Soccer is going to give another website
or a shout out right now because she surfs the web up and down every week.
At work.
At work, so she can find a pick worthy to share with the rest of you all and it's her
website of the week.
Here it is.
You know, we should really be using the Mr. Rogers music for this part.
Maybe next week.
Okay.
At any rate, my site of the week is actually one that another of our listeners linked to
me when I did the Dr. Who site last week, but it's actually a very good Dr. Who fan
site.
It's Dr. Who online.
The website address is drwho-online.co.uk and Dr. is drwho-online.co.uk.
Oh my God, this site is fantastic.
They actually have the Dr. Who Online Whocast, which I'm going to be giving a try within
the week.
Lots of this really good stuff.
They have a little area called psychic paper references, just a lot of stuff.
Even an eBay link to a shop.
It's a really fantastic site.
I suggest going to it if there's a place to comment or if someone sent you an email.
Excellent.
Well, got some cool stuff here, especially from the folks that make Gears of War epic.
Your thought on the whole Xbox 360 is you don't need to have an HDTV to be able to enjoy
their games.
They are making sure by testing their game, Gears of War, on a bunch of small SDTVs, making
sure that you can read the text in the game, unlike say Capcom who couldn't give a flying
fuck that you don't have a HDTV, so at least someone's getting it right.
It's awfully good.
Very reassuring.
Well, in other reassuring news, actually, for anyone who's thinking that, oh, Wii's
coming out, I don't have to keep my GameCube stuff, no.
The Wavebirds are apparently going to be able to be used on the Wii and certain Wii games.
You will still need your receiver plug-in.
There's a slot on top of the console that you can plug that into.
But there's not really any word out as far as how well it's going to work with Virtual
Console, but it's apparently going to work with the Wii anyway, so yay.
All right.
Well, I'm still trying to tally up the Listless votes, so maybe we ought to just go on to
our next story.
We got flooded with...
That's me again.
We have over 50 votes tonight for Listless.
I'm trying to crazy tally them up.
I'm sorry, Bobby.
Nice try.
Nice try.
Well, you know, for anybody who is a bit of a snake charmer, you can play with your snake
in public, no less, and not get arrested for it.
There are already Metal Gear Solid 4 figures that will go out with the release of the game
on the PS3.
A 12-inch tall made by MediComp.
MediComp puts out some really nice figures, by the way.
There's a prototype model up on gaygamer.net that looks pretty cool.
Snake's just really old, though.
I'm sorry.
But the figure, though, is they're stating that it may be something about 95,000 yen,
up to maybe 20,000, so I don't know.
I do think the comment on the forum here is, Snake's got a great ass for an old guy.
That's true.
Snake does have a good ass for an old guy.
So Rod, how's the tallying going?
I'm almost done.
I was not anticipating this many votes.
This is crazy.
You guys are making this live experience an awesome one, although a lot of work.
You know what?
If Drew comes back next week, he's going to be the vote tallyer in the future.
Well, I'll tell you what.
In the meantime...
Do you have some last-minute stories?
Yes.
Let's get right to the end of the show.
I will kill time for you.
First off...
We will be opening up the Skype line very soon, ladies and gentlemen, 916-226-9067.
Keep in mind that is a toll call.
By the way, toll-free number coming by the end of the month.
So that's awesome.
It's going to be awesome.
Also, you can always call us.
The other free way would be to go on to orangeloungeradio.com, click on interact with us, and get the information
on Skype, username orangeloungeradio.
Go for it, Loki.
Anyways, as we like to do every week, we're reporting some stuff that you might not know
yet, because it hasn't been reported on the front of a magazine.
Well, the first, of course, actually the only one I have this week is Call of Duty 2 on
the Xbox 360, dropped down to $39.99.
So if you don't own it yet, might be a time to find a used one, now they should be even
cheaper than that, although, I mean, Call of Duty 3 is coming out in November, so whatever.
It's a good game, though, definitely worth the multiplayer, so check it out.
Some other fun news, Nintendo, there was a whole controversy about the Wii using the
friend codes.
Well, they're going to make it a little bit easier on you.
They will be using the friend's code system, however, they are going to only require that
you have one friend code.
So you'll be able to share that friend code and then be friended for all the other games.
So that is good, you know, at least a good way to do that.
I swear I had that in the show role, that's crazy, my bad.
And then there's some other stuff.
There was actually legislation that's in the house right now to require the ESRB to actually
play through the entire game before reviewing them.
So that's kind of interesting, I don't think it's going to work because, you know, that
would take forever.
It would seriously delay the release of all the games.
It would delay games and how would you do, like, MMOs or games that have new content
added to them constantly.
I don't think it's going to work.
It's unrealistic.
And why are they having, why is the government concerning themselves with this kind of stuff
anyways?
What I think should be is that I think that on the websites there should be a parent link
for any internet savvy parent to go online, get content warnings of the games more in
depth.
I think the manufacturer does have a degree of responsibility to make sure that they give
accurate listings, but if they're really so concerned about it, then they can make it
a requirement for the manufacturers to have more information made available.
Or you know how, like, when you buy food it says for nutritional content, write in to
this address or go on this website?
I think it should be the same thing.
However, I think that it really is up to the parent to do the research before allowing
their child to buy the game.
As far as children, though, buying the games without their parent's permission, oh well.
Some other fun stuff.
Rockstar announced a brand new series this week actually called L.A. Noire and more information
should be coming out when the official trailer is released on October 5th, and if you want
more information on that, you can visit rockstargames.com slash L.A. Noire, that's L-A-N-O-I-R-E.
And looks like it's going to be a game that, of course, you know, kind of pays tribute
to a lot of the film noir movies, much like, you know, say L.A. Confidential or even if
you want to go really old, The Maltese Falcon.
So that should be pretty cool, kind of Grand Theft Auto-ish.
So I'm looking forward to that.
And then finally, some stuff on Xbox Live Arcade.
As we mentioned before, Sierra's planning on releasing some games to Xbox Live Arcade.
The first...
King's Quest?
King's Quest?
King's Quest?
King's Quest?
There's a couple of games that were announced.
Assault Heroes, which is going to be another over-the-head kind of shooter game that, you
know, using two analog sticks, think, you know, Geometry Wars, but still pretty cool.
Then my favorite game, 3D Ultra Mini Golf, is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade, and that
was a really fun mini golf game.
I used to piss off people with that.
And then, of course, Codemasters also announced the X06 Sensible Soccer, which I think was
announced even before that.
And of course, a very classic game should be MacKenzie Way.
I wanted to go to the chat room for some comments here.
DNL, who by the way, posted some great artwork to our Live Journal community this week.
Check it out if you're a user of Live Journal or Community Orange Lounge on there.
DNL says, in regards to the ESRB thing, on the back of the package, it does say ESRB
content rating, www.esrb.org.
And also something I wanted to add on that whole ESRB thing is that when you play a game
online, you always do get that, you know, warning that comes up, warning, game experience
may change with online play, doo-doo-doo type thing, so something to think about.
All right, I finally have some results for you guys.
You ready?
My God, that was a lot of work.
All right, here it is, the definitive list, games we would like to see South Park make
fun of next.
And I got to tell you, this list turned out really freaking weird, considering we had
so many votes, there were a lot of ties.
So here it is, the number one game you want to see South Park make fun of was a tie.
Game number one, Silent Hill, and game number two, Katamari Damacy, those games tied for
first place.
Damacy.
Whatever.
And now what's interesting is so that takes us to third place, and there was also a tie.
So we have two games tied for third place, because you know, you have first and second
place basically tied there.
So for third place, we have Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and Final Fantasy are the two
games that came in third place there.
So that is the definitive list.
Thank you guys all for voting and giving me a lot of work there during that segment.
Yikes.
Well, we'll see if any of those actually make it to the show.
And then you can say you heard it here first.
Let's go to the Skype line, boys and girls, and take some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, my friend.
What's on your mind?
I just want to say one news, Ryan.
Yeah?
It's Gamefly.
They actually did some more things with Gamefly.
They now have four tiers now.
Four tiers?
Yeah.
Now you can get one game for $15.99, you can get two games for $21, you can get now, they
just added this, three games for $30, or you can go for the Kitten Kaboodle, which you'll
lock yourself in your room forever, four games for $40.
Netflix does like eight.
You can do like up to eight movies on Netflix.
So at least I think you can, so I'm not too surprised.
They probably would let you do more if you really want, but damn, what do you need with
five games at a time?
What do you need with four games at a time?
Two is enough so that you have, well, one's really enough, but two is enough so that when
one's in the mail, you still have something to play.
That's right.
So they don't need more than that in my opinion, but whatever.
It's your money, spend it how you want.
Yeah, because I'm poor, I have to save up for a week.
Are you a Gamefly subscriber?
Yes, I am.
I don't use them.
What do you think of them?
I mean, it's not because I dislike them or anything, I just at this time choose not to
use them.
What do you think of them?
Actually, they got really better.
Before at first, they didn't ship my games for like nine days, and now it's coming in
four.
Black Wolf in our chat room is commenting, you just had to be a member for a month before
you got the third game option.
They had three games from Gamefly years ago.
The four games is new.
Well, they just gave it to me for 25 cents this month, Black Wolf.
I'm sorry.
I guess they're not nice to me.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Yeah, one other thing.
What is it?
What was it?
Oh, I know.
I know.
I just bought an iPod, so I'm now mad at Apple.
Why?
Because they just came out with the new Nanos, and it looks like a little mini iPod.
Remember the ones with the black and white screen thing, the iPod mini?
Yeah.
Well, I got an old Nano, so I'm now mad at them.
You might.
Well, I doubt you could do it, because sometimes if they do a price cut, like a week after
you bought it, they'll give you a refund, but maybe not with the old models versus new
models.
You never know.
Check their website.
I don't know.
Couldn't tell you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's about it.
All right, Ravenstaufen.
Well, thanks so much for your call.
We'll talk to you again soon, all right?
You bet.
All right.
Later.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
We're getting a lot of calls tonight.
Hopefully, we get to everybody.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
Can you guys hear me?
Yes, we can hear you.
Who's this?
Oh, hi.
This is Blue Monster from the chat room.
Hi.
What's on your mind?
Hello.
Hi.
I just wanted to share two things.
The first one is congrats on the show, man, because seriously, it's something I look forward
to every week.
Thank you.
I really appreciate that.
A constant in your life, as I was telling you earlier to Dark Sakura.
Anyways, the second little thing I want to share with you guys is I've picked up Okami
last week.
Yes, that's a game I've heard a lot of great things about and seen a lot of good things
about.
I'm a little tight on my gaming budget right now, so I haven't been able to pick it up,
but yeah, I'm really curious.
What do you think of this game?
That's what I actually wanted to call.
I wanted to give you a mini review kind of thing.
It's a pretty good game.
It's a pretty good game.
It's very solid-ish, but the only thing I have against it is there's a lot of hand-holding.
The first dozen hours, I put over 24 in it.
The first 12 hours, it's like nothing but hand-holding.
They tell you everything, the way you've got to stop it.
So if you're looking for some hardcore, solid-ish style of gameplay, you'll have a hard time
getting through it, at least for the first half.
Enchanted Arms, which is a game I have been playing lately, is very similar because every
time you go into a new dungeon, it seems like there's some new environmental thing, like
press A to get into the cart.
Press A to move the teleporter, and they'll have to have this whole back and forth where
the main character is like, how do I do this?
And one of the other smarter people in the party says, well, you walk up to it and press
A. But that's the answer every single time.
You walk up to it and press A. They could have just said it in the beginning.
They could have just said it in the beginning.
They have a little tune that's jumping up and down the nose of the wolf, and he tells
you all the time, oh, maybe I should use my brush to cut this vine, which I've been doing
for the past six hours, please don't do it myself.
Maybe you should just have had a thing that says, hey, whenever you see new shit, press
A.
Yeah.
But overall, it's really good music, really good art style.
The graphics are really good.
There is a bit of slowdown because there's a lot of stuff happening on the screen sometimes.
But overall, it's a really good game.
It seems long because I've already put 24 hours in it, and the game actually just got
started.
And the hand-holding just now stopped, so I'm guessing it's going to be a long game.
So it's a good game to get if you're waiting for Pilot Princess, I guess.
Awesome.
Now, one other question I have for you.
For those that don't know much about Okami, maybe we've seen the graphics that has that
very unique hand-drawn style to it.
What would you compare this game to?
If you could compare it to any other game, maybe half this and half this, what would
you say it's kind of like for people that want to know if they'd be interested in this
or not?
It makes the world of Wind Waker and the style, cartoony style of Wind Waker, but also add
a bit of a stench of Chester Radio or Chester Radio Future, and maybe some beautiful Joe
in it.
Interesting.
Interesting.
And all those games kind of have that same art style, too, so that's kind of interesting.
The thing is that Wind Waker is very clean-looking, this is more dirty.
The graphics are not that clean because of the brush thing and the whole brush theme
that it has.
So it's more beautiful Joe-ish.
It's still really good.
It's very Japanese, so you've got to be open-minded about it.
It's still a really good game, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes
that kind of game.
And don't be scared, it's not as platformer as it seems to be.
It's more adventure-ish and more pilot-ish, I guess.
All right.
Very cool.
Now, hey, I have one more question for you.
You're calling us from Argentina, right?
I'm calling from Argentina.
It's 1 a.m. in the morning over here.
Awesome.
Oh, my gosh.
Wow, you're hardcore.
I do have one quick question for you, though.
How much do you pay for games in your country?
Because we know that, you know, we hear a lot about the UK and how they're having to
pay higher prices, and across the board, a lot of other countries have to pay higher
prices.
What's it like in Argentina?
Well, here's the thing.
You pay about 80 U.S. dollars for a game in between 70 or 80, if you want the original
copy, of course, because there's a black market here, like, you wouldn't believe, like, you
can buy a game for two bucks if you want to, U.S.
Wow.
But, yeah, but if you actually want an original game, you've got a pony of about 70 pay bucks,
and it's all games because you don't get the new stuff right away, and you've got to take
into account that a maid here, like a maid full-time maid here, maybe cost 200 U.S. dollars
a month.
Wow.
Wow.
So, you know, I know, so it's like, basically, a game is about half the salary of a maid
for a month.
Gosh.
Well, hey, now, your copy of Okami is legit, though, right?
Not really.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Well, we better hurry and end this call.
We won't tell on you.
We won't.
We won't.
We won't.
We won't give out your full name or anything.
I'm glad you got to call in, though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm glad I called on you.
All right.
It was fun.
It was really good.
Well, have fun with the game, and we know that when you can't afford it, you will buy
the legit copy.
I already pre-opted this, so, you know.
Oh, good.
Good.
Okay.
All right.
Happy ending.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Thanks for calling.
See you.
Bye.
That's great.
We love hearing from people.
We love hearing from employees, but over-plan it because, you know, you're all the way down
there right now.
I just got to keep looking south.
Oh, my God.
SSJ-100, Matt's going happy ending.
The thing is, is that I'm in massage therapy school, so I know what you mean, so just don't
put it.
Oh, God.
You guys, go play Uno.
They cover that in massage therapy school?
No, they don't.
I haven't started school yet, though.
Go play Uno, you sick fucks.
All right.
Hi, here on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Eddie.
Hi, Eddie.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah.
I just heard you heard about that thing, like a guy posted on the All Games forums that
like he was booted out of Uno because somebody saw that he was a black guy.
I did read that post, isn't it?
That is so fucked up.
I did read that post.
Yeah, somebody, oh, oh, that sucks.
I don't think I know about this.
You know what?
Oh, no.
God, can we find the post real quick?
This just made me so angry.
Some people are so stupid.
I swear to God.
Let's see if I can find it.
Do you remember what forum it was in?
It was the... Let me ask you real quick, while I hunt for
the post, is there any other topics you want to bring up tonight?
I had something related to that thing.
One of the replies to the article was that that's why the me on the we thing is so good
because you can create your own avatar or whatever.
I was just thinking that it doesn't really solve the racism issue since if the only way
to play a game is to create an avatar that is not black, then it's not really a representation
of yourself if you are black, right?
Yeah.
But, it shouldn't matter.
It shouldn't matter at all.
I mean, in World of Warcraft, we play purple and green people and it doesn't matter, you
know?
Yeah, yeah.
And then, you know, when they demoed the we, they showed them making Samuel L. Jackson
the baddest motherfucker on the planet, you know?
I would cower in fear if I was playing against Samuel L. Jackson, you know, because he's
a badass.
But, man, this is... Wow, people are just so superficial.
Anyway, I found the post.
Here it is.
I realized probably like 50 of you linked it in chat room, but I did find it on my own.
Thank you very much.
Here it is.
This was made by a post.
The guy is named Five Fingers of Death and this is on allgames.com's forums in the Xbox
360 section.
Does vision cam hamper jump in vision of live?
I was wondering if anyone else has experienced this.
I purchased my vision cam last week and hooked it up to experience a couple of multiplayer
UNO sessions.
When I connected, all three people I was paired with also had the camera.
I heard someone mention, he's a black guy, and then I was booted by the host.
As we know, live has always had its racist comments, but for the most part, you could
never really tell who you were gaming with.
For all we know, David Duke could be playing with Louis Farrakhan and neither would be
the wiser.
Now, being able to actually see the person, how will this affect the live community?
Just wondering.
Oh, I can't wait for me to get on the camera and have somebody go, that guy looks like
a fag, boot him.
You wouldn't want to play with those fuckers anyway.
I mean, it's fucked up, it's stupid, put all those people on your ban list and warn them
and damage them the best you can.
So stupid.
They obviously don't want to play a good game, good old fashioned game of UNO anyway.
I mean, it doesn't make it right at all, by any means does it make it right, but I guess
until Microsoft steps in, I don't even know what Microsoft can do.
What can they do?
So it's up to the community, the police itself, I suppose, I don't know, disturbing.
Anything else you want to say on that?
Well not on that issue, but take pictures of Cookie Box.
I will.
I will.
So you can get them from Granville Island, one of my favorite places in Vancouver.
I appreciate it.
Yep.
All right, have a good one, buddy.
All right, you too.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Let's go to one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ron.
Hi, guys.
Hi, Jamie.
Hello.
You always get through every week, Rama.
How do you manage it?
I did it through last week.
Well, you were here last week, right?
I made it in the last segment of the show.
That's right, that's right.
Oh, what's up, my friend?
Not much.
There's a couple of things I want to tell you about.
Here's a little known fact.
Mr. Rogers was a sniper in the Marine Corps.
Isn't that an urban legend?
No.
When I was training with the Marines, they were showing us the tapes of famous Marines
on the tape.
What's it?
Wow.
Okay.
Well, you know, I'm not going to say you're a liar.
I just always thought that was an urban legend.
I didn't think that was true.
That was the first time I ever heard it when I saw the tape.
All right.
Actually, I think I remember my brother telling me something about that.
Well, me and my brother actually just was released from the Marines.
Fireboma says, WTF, Mr. Rogers is a camper.
Well, explain why you're so calm and quiet on the show, you know?
Seriously, that's kind of scary.
You have to have insane nerves.
I'm going to Wikipedia.
I'm going to Wikipedia right now.
You heard about the girl, the young lady that they passed through sniper school who was,
I want to say, an Air Force reservist because they can actually take combat.
Okay.
You know what?
On Wikipedia, that whole thing is filed under urban legends.
Here's what it says.
Fred Rogers has been the subject of a few urban legends, among them ideas that he served
in the military around the era of the Vietnam War, was a sniper, was a Navy Seal, or had
a drug problem.
Rumors to this effect are discounted as being false on urban legend websites.
Not only is military service not mentioned on any biographies about him, but there wasn't
a period of time unaccounted for when he could have been involved in such.
Yikes.
Maybe that's it.
I need to give you Wikipedia to your friend.
But he also was a Presbyterian minister and left the clergy to work with children.
That's true.
All right.
Anyway, I just realized podcast listeners may not understand why we're suddenly talking
about Mr. Rogers.
We do a bonus segment when we tape live when we'll sometimes play things off of YouTube
and such, and that was the subject this week was Mr. Rogers.
So sorry, just for the podcast people's sake who maybe didn't hear that live.
Anyway, anything else on your mind, Rama?
I've decided not to buy a PlayStation 3.
Why is this?
I was watching, I was following like the Sony's podcast, live cast of the PS3 and everything.
Now they're doing their version of Virtual Console.
On that fact alone, I refuse to buy one.
Well okay, but is it because you feel they're ripping them off or something?
Yeah.
They say imitation is the greatest form for flattery, but come on, Sony's been ripping
off people left and right with the PS3.
But couldn't you say that the Virtual Console is a form of Xbox Live Arcade?
Yes and no, but the thing is the Virtual Console has all these classic games by Nintendo, whereas
Xbox Live Arcade is like all these other arcade classic games in a way.
Not totally though.
It's not all Nintendo.
It's like the shade of gray.
Hold on, it's not all Nintendo.
Sega's on board and Sega is supposedly going to be on board with the Xbox Live Arcade as
well in those Sonic the Hedgehog teasers we saw previously.
So remember that Virtual Console also has, you know, Turbo Grafx-16 and possibly Commodore
64 as well.
True, but I just find it funny after Nintendo said they're doing this, Sony's like, oh,
we're going to do it too.
Well, yeah, I mean, I don't know, but to not buy a system over it, I mean, what if they
did it better?
Eh, I just can't see myself, you know.
And no, Zuko, I'm not a fanboy, I just don't have 600 bucks.
There's the realistic reason why none of us are getting a PS3 at launch, at least I think
I can speak.
Well, I don't know, I guess Jamie's getting one, but I know I can't afford 600 bucks.
For 600 bucks, it better come with a lap dance.
For 600 bucks, it better suck, never mind, I'm not going to finish that thought.
Yeah, okay.
You know what I'm thinking.
You know what I'm thinking.
All right, anything else on your mind, Rama?
That's it, I love you guys.
Love you too.
Bye.
See you next month.
All right, bye.
Bye.
That's right, I'm coming to New York City very soon, and I'll have details on where
I'm going to be and when, hopefully soon.
I feel weird because now I think there's at least more than a handful of people that want
to come meet up, so I feel weird about doing that at a store like Unannounced, so I'm trying
to figure something out, creative, we can do, we'll see.
I'll have to work with some people in New York.
That'll be fun, though.
Anyways, are there any other last minute stories that any of you guys have?
Thank you guys, by the way, all of you guys that called in tonight, and sorry to those
we didn't get to.
We're just running out low on time.
Not really.
All right.
I have one quick story I wanted to share here from BamaniStyle.com, has posted a list of
Elite Beat Agents, a song list, at least partial, well, yeah, again, because apparently it's
being shown off on the Nintendo Fusion Tour, and they were able to get some of the songs
from the game.
IMCA by Village People, Highway Star by Deep Purple, Rock This Town by Stray Cats, Walkie
Talkie Man by Stereogram, Makes No Difference by Sum 41, September by Earth Wind and Fire,
Sk8er Boi by Avril Lavigne, and I Was Born to Love You by Queen.
All right.
If you want to check out what stages those are related to, check out BamaniStyle.com.
There's a more complete list over there.
On that note, I guess we're going to end the show, so let's go around and get everybody's
final thought.
Loki, your final thought?
I don't know.
I ran out of milkshake.
I'm sorry to hear that.
My final thought would be I need to adjust the sound on my new TV because it sounds like
I'm playing Beatmania in a tin can, and that's not fun.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Reject false icons, and Julie's meeting us for dinner.
Sweet.
I need some dinner.
She has my house keys because she had to feed my cat.
I need some big-time dinner action, so to do that, we have to finish the show.
Good night, everybody.
Thank you so much for supporting independent internet radio, even when the hosts stutter.
We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
