Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco.
Tonight, October 29th, 2006,
Halo Movie News and Halo 3 tidbits,
Sony and UK Importers go to war,
and could custom character creation cause trouble for one gaming company?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there in the land of internet broadcasting and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 206 for this, October 29th, 2006.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and what gamers really want to know,
gamer culture, the gamer lifestyle.
I'm here to help you through that.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
If you're joining me as always, say hello to my awesome co-hosts over there in that corner,
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I've taken a vow of silence for five seconds.
Great, then I'll introduce Loki.
I give up.
How are you doing? Seriously though, Jamie?
Head.
You have a little headache?
Little.
I'm sorry.
It was a migraine earlier, but I feel a lot better now.
I'm very hyper thanks to my coffee.
Oh goody, we have a hyper Jamie tonight.
That always makes for a fun show.
And you forgot.
What?
When are we going to set that thing on fire?
Nine.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
How'd the move go?
It went good.
I'm just, you know, without internet until tomorrow.
That's got to stink.
Not really, because I just play, well actually it's been so busy with unpacking, you know,
last minute apartment stuff and all that stuff.
Really haven't had a chance to like sit down.
But I have been stealing my neighbor's wireless, but it only seems to work for about five minutes
at a time.
So, you know, I get on there real quickly and read, you know, news and try to check
my email and that doesn't always work.
Have you tried to look at the shared folders on the network to see if there's like porn?
Actually, her network is unsecured, but her shared folders are password protected.
Interesting.
So, they got it halfway right.
Not that we endorse stealing Wi-Fi, but hey, if you're going to leave it open, people might
use it.
All right.
We have a special guest for this tonight, and this is nice because we actually have
someone who I believe has never been on the program before.
So it's nice to have some new blood on the show once in a while.
So say hello everyone to Renee.
Yay.
Hi.
I'm here.
How you doing Renee?
I'm good.
Don't be afraid to just put that mic right up to your mic because they're not that sensitive
unfortunately.
All right.
This is better.
Their emotions are sensitive though, so don't make fun of them.
We just want to make sure they can all hear you.
All right.
So you've been a listener of Orange Launch for a little while, right?
Yeah.
Because you've sent us emails before.
Yes, I have.
And I think I joked previously, like on one of the episodes a few weeks ago, that Renee
needs...
Or I said something about like she needs to come to the show or I'm going to take her
on my trip and I'm going to put her in a box and poke holes in it because I've met Renee
before.
Renee and I run into each other at weird places like E3 and the...
Your friend's concert at Final Fantasy.
I remember that.
We ran into each other at the very first-year friend's concert in L.A.
But you were here and you brought your box with you, I saw.
Yes, I brought my box.
It has holes.
Now, kids on the internet who are going to read into that statement, just freaking clean
up right now.
I'm going to come over there and wash out your brain with soap.
All right.
Anyway.
But how are you doing?
Good.
Good.
So what kind of a gamer are you?
What kind of games do you like to play?
What kind of stuff do you like?
At heart, I am a console gamer, so I've been playing a couple of PC games recently.
Actually, last week, I tapped into my tabletop gaming and I was playing some Hero Quest,
so...
Wow.
So I guess I like RPGs, rhythm and simulation-type games, puzzles, so...
All right.
Very cool.
The typical gamer girl.
Well, welcome to the program.
Thank you.
Now, something occurred to me this morning.
You actually, at one point, worked in the industry a little bit, didn't you?
I still do, actually.
You do?
Yes, I do.
Really?
You used to work at Konami a couple of years ago.
I did.
I used to work at Konami.
That's where I actually started off.
I have been in the DDR community for a while, and that's when I started listening to Orange
Lounge Radio, because that's where all the cool kids went to, they listened to Orange
Lounge.
Love the endorsement.
Love it.
Thank you.
I met Mike Noh, also known as Asian Innovation.
Best rapper ever.
Not if you have to deal with him rapping at work, I'll tell you that.
No, but his drunken rap's pretty funny.
Oh my God, it is pretty funny.
And so I met him, and he said, you know, do you like video games?
I'm like, yeah.
And he's like, would you like to be a video game tester at Konami?
And I said, sure.
And so that's where I started off at Konami.
I started doing step data, and then I moved into functionality QA testing.
And then I left QA to go pursue other career.
It happens.
It happens.
You move on.
Yeah.
And then actually I went back into the video game industry to go to LucasArts, and I was
a QA tester there.
I did compliance testing, so that's like standards, first party standards.
So you know, testing to make sure that if we are developing a game for Microsoft or
Sony that they have the right terminology, or it doesn't fail.
That's what I've heard from some people in the industry, is that those companies are
very strict on, you know, you have to call this button like the Xbox 360 guide button.
And you can't say, oh, that center silver glowing button, or the silver button on the
controller, it has to be the guide button.
Exactly.
And you know, Microsoft and especially Sony, they're very stringent that you have to use
like their controller layout, like if you're going to show it on screen or in the manual,
it has to look exactly like it, or else, you know, they'll be very angry at you.
Bad things happen, yeah.
That's interesting.
So there's a lot more that goes into putting a game like on the multi-platform than you
might think at first.
Definitely.
Oh, definitely.
I've seen games fail submission from, you know, going into production just because of
the fact that, you know, the message that comes up when you unplug your controller wasn't
correct.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's a lot of money, too.
It's like at least a couple thousand each time you submit to Sony or Microsoft or Nintendo.
Wow.
Yes.
Interesting.
Well, thanks for the insight.
That's pretty awesome.
No problem.
And right now, I'm working at Perpetual Entertainment.
They haven't come up with any games yet, but the two games that they do have in development
is Gods and Heroes, Roam Rising, and Star Trek Online.
Oh.
Star Trek.
Star Trek Online?
Yes.
Star Trek Online.
Awesome.
Oh, that's something I might get into.
I'm the resident Trekkie.
I'm a closet Trekkie, a little bit.
Shh.
Don't tell anyone.
Okay.
But I like Trek.
So you're in the closet for some things, but out of the closet for us.
Yes.
Appreciate that.
I'm still kidnapping you to go see Warp 11.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Well, cool.
That's very cool.
So this is very neat.
And of course, our chat room is very excited to see another gamer girl on the show over
at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Click on Chat.
We have some folks in the chat room there.
Fireboma is reminding us that free advertisement doesn't work on your own station.
So these plugs for Orange Launch Radio don't really do anything here.
Let's see.
What else here?
DMN says that DNL is his hero, because your name in the online world is DNL.
Yes, it is.
So DNL is DMN's hero.
That's a lot of initials.
We have alphabet soup going on here.
All right.
Well, let's get into what we do at the top of every show and talk about our gaming week.
So DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played stuff, actually.
Really?
What did you play?
Well, we had a barbecue at my place last night that somebody who was invited didn't show
up for.
Sorry, other things, you know.
That's okay.
Busy boy.
I have to tease.
But we broke out the 360 and played.
Okay, we had to see how awful the Sonic demo was.
Dan's actually pretty damn good at controlling that, but it's still awful.
And it was funny, our friend Alex was over, and Alex is an ex-Marine.
He takes it very seriously, and he was just, he could have been a drill sergeant.
His voice is like, this is making my head explode!
So that was pretty funny.
And then they put up the fear demo, but it was actually cool, because Alex had been playing
it on PC and was going through the differences between the PC and the Xbox 360 in his opinion.
He said it was actually pretty damn close.
And I have to say that I'm probably going to play fear if I don't get motion sick from
it.
The demo did not make me that motion sick, because first-person shooters always do that
to me.
I love, though, the very freaky element of, Dan's like, okay, watch this, this is about
to get all Silent Hill.
Look!
I was like, ooh, blood.
I actually, I did hang out with Jamie this week outside the show, which was fun.
And I got to see the walkthrough of the fear demo as well, and it looked pretty neat.
I don't usually get into first-person shooters, but I like the whole freaky element that fear
has going on.
And I kind of miss it on the PC, you know, I just, I don't do a whole lot of gaming on
the PC.
I apologize to our PC gamer fans.
There's a couple once in a while that'll make me look, but fear's maybe something I'll look
at on the console, for sure.
Well, apart from that, I actually played my first game, well actually I had Dan play it
for me, because I was sort of, my eyes hurt.
So he played Uno on my gamertag, and my first game was one with a draw four.
So I was like, hey!
And then we saw somebody picking their nose on the webcam.
That's pretty tame compared to a lot of things I've heard that people are seeing on Uno webcams.
Nothing is as fun as Dan shit-talking, though.
That's just really funny.
But he doesn't do it in the microphone.
No.
But it was really funny to just hear him, you know, sit there and shit-talk all these
people, they can't hear them, but it's really funny.
But I also, I bought PSU yesterday, and got around to playing a little bit today.
Phantasy Star Universe, for those not in the know.
Yeah.
I couldn't, for some reason I couldn't get online, it said that my thing was interrupted
or something by the server.
I was like...
Oh!
Try backing out and going back in.
I did.
Didn't work.
Really?
There might have weird server things.
Well, at any rate, if that doesn't work, I'm just gonna change out the credit card
I used, because I used my ATM card, but my bank has weird authorization things.
So I'm going to try it again later, but I did play a little bit in story mode, and it's
like uber-automé, cliche the game.
It's not bad.
It's pretty.
I'm like, okay, but the voice acting sort of irritates me, and hearing the main song
in English irritates me as well.
I was like, whoever they got to sing just can't.
I have a very bad problem with professional singers who are tone deaf, because that's
what this lady sounded like.
And so that was really it for my gaming week.
I did try to play a little bit of Pirate King, but I had some computer issues, and I think
I'm just not going to play that anymore.
It got kind of boring really fast.
Oh, that's too bad.
It's a cute game, just boring.
Alex in our chatroom offers some advice, says, yeah, Jamie, it's been doing that to everyone.
You'll have to keep trying until it works, in regards to Phantasy Star Universe.
It did that to me once, but then when I went back in, it worked, so I don't know.
Well, I'm thinking that I'm going to try to recreate my ranger chick that kicked ass.
All right.
Well, good luck to you.
Hopefully I can, but I'm still pissed off, though, about not being able to make a really
girly man.
We'll have to party up together sometime, but it'll have to wait a couple weeks, because
12's out this week, and that's going to be my life for a couple weeks.
I also, though, would like to give a public shout out to the GameStop on Sunrise, because
you guys had some of the best customer service, despite the fact that you know my husband.
You guys are really, really great, and I have to give a shout out.
Now, one thing we should point out, because obviously most of our listeners don't live
in the Sacramento area, but the GameStop on Sunrise is funny, because right across the
street is a mall with a GameStop in it.
So these two are within walking distance of each other.
It's kind of crazy.
They were a very busy store, but for as busy as they were, I was noticing that they were
trying to give everybody attention, and that, to me, was just really kind of refreshing
to see at a GameStop.
That's good advice for any employees that we might have that listen to this show, because
I know we do have some employees of certain games, not just GameStop, but GameCrazy, all
the other ones, too, listen to this.
My hubby is no longer associated with GameStop, but that still doesn't mean I hate him.
All right.
Let's go over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play too much.
I played Saints Row, finished the Vice King storyline, so now I'm a quarter of the way
through the game.
I started the West Side Rollers storyline, and I don't know.
It's still fun.
I still play it every lunch, usually causing some sort of mayhem and trying to find new
ways to die or explode or just glitches in the game, and yeah, it's really entertaining.
I played the Tony Hawk's Project 8 demo, and I don't care for it one bit.
It's a great game, I'm sure.
It's just too technical now.
If you aren't really into Tony Hawk and you're picking this up the first time to go into
it, you're going to have trouble doing a lot of stuff.
I felt an awful lot, whereas Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, it was fucking easy.
It was fun to be able to pull off crazy stuff, and it wasn't too hard.
Now they're just giving you way too much damn control over stuff, and I think that'd be
good if you know what you're doing, but if you don't know what you're doing, that's not
really good.
I don't know.
It's pretty, though.
What was the other demo I was going to try?
I meant to try Rainbow Six, but we were supposed to be playing in our theater at work, but
we didn't get a chance to do that, so I didn't play it.
Or Need for Speed Most Wanted, actually, because I'm trying to finish up the game before Carbon
comes out, and I'm about halfway through that now, so that's good.
Waiting for Vice City Stories, it's coming out on Tuesday, so we'll be able to switch
out the game pretty soon, so I'll have a full review of Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories
next week.
In the meantime, though, we are finishing up Liberty City Stories, and I am still kicking
major ass in our killing spree at work, and so far I'm ahead by, I think, 30 kills, which
is awesome.
All right.
Anything else?
No.
All right.
Then I can talk about my gaming week.
First off, it's been a little while since we've done a show, because we pre-taped last
week on Wednesday, because we did all that traveling.
How was YowieCon, by the way?
Dark Sakura.
I forgot another game I played.
Oh, what's that?
I downloaded Luminous for mobile, and it's actually pretty fun.
Yeah?
For a mobile game?
I've been playing Shinin.
I usually don't, really, Shinin's on the mobile version.
Here, I'll tell you what, I'll play it up in a second, because I can get it to play
through the mic.
All right.
Do it after.
But YowieCon was fun.
I forgot to mention, I played Luminous live, and eh, eh, eh.
It's not the same as PSP.
I don't think it's worth spending the $15.
I just don't know.
For half the game?
Yeah.
For half the PSP version?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's okay, I guess, but I have problems with some of the graphics in there.
Some of the tilesets that they have are hard to see, and it really hurts my eyes to try
to concentrate on it.
If they had an option to keep a specific tileset and just change the music or something, that
would be great.
Well, you can do that in a different mode, but then you don't unlock new skins, because
you can do a skin rotate.
You can set the order of the skins as they show up, but then if you don't play through
the regular mode, you can't unlock skins to use in that mode, so it's kind of a double
edged sword.
And then there's the achievement in order to use that mode or whatever, you have to
unlock a ton of different skins, but the problem is you have to score 500,000 points, and the
only way you're able to do that with one play through is you have to buy the other packs.
So in order to get certain achievements, you have to buy the other packs.
Thank you very much Cute Entertainment.
My Gaming Week, I played Phantasy Star Universe.
Now I can finally talk about it, because I've played the commercial release, and so I feel
a little better giving a full review of this game.
I like Phantasy Star Universe a lot because it's different from other MMOs because it's
a little more action oriented from what you're used to.
Final Fantasy World of Warcraft have action elements, but in the end I feel that Phantasy
Star Universe is a lot more action oriented than the others.
It kind of feels like a 3D Diablo, that's kind of what Phantasy Star Online was.
Phantasy Star Universe takes a lot of what was started in Phantasy Star Online and just
improves on it, so it's really a good sequel, solid sequel to Phantasy Star Online.
I do love the fact that they put in a single player mode, and it's actually surprisingly
decent.
I thought it was going to be kind of a write off crappy thing, but the story is not half
bad.
I love the way how they have it set up like a cheesy anime type thing, but I agree with
Jamie that whoever is singing that opening song is pretty bad, but a lot of animes have
cheesy openings, but literally you play the game in chapters, and every chapter starts
off with the same cheesy anime-ish opening.
It's not actual anime, but they use the in-game engine and do it, but you'll see what I mean.
It's set up just like an anime.
But the funny thing is when you beat a chapter, then it goes like, next time on Phantasy Star
Universe.
It's really funny, so I love the way it's set up, and I don't think the story is that
bad.
The only thing I don't like is that there's odd loading in cut scenes.
They don't load the cut scene all at once.
They'll load half, and then there's a cut scene, and then they do another.
It's kind of weird, so it's got some weird loading issues, but you kind of get over that.
The other thing I think that doesn't settle well with me in Phantasy Star Universe is
that it seems like the gameplay might seem to get a little repetitive towards the end,
but they've added a lot of different types of weapons and certain types of spells that
you can use.
I don't know if this game is necessarily going to be for everyone, but if you check
out the beta and you liked it, I'd say give the commercial release a try.
You don't have to put up with the online stuff if you don't want to because the single player
mode is pretty decent.
It's a decent game.
I don't know if it's $60, but there's the PlayStation 2 and PC ones available I think
a little bit cheaper.
But I'm going to play this for a little while, but I don't know if I'd play this more than
like three months.
I think the magic will be gone in a few months, but we'll see.
It's all up to Sega, and are they going to keep it new and keep it fresh and keep it
updated?
Right now I worry a little bit because they are having some server problems, but I suppose
it's early on.
They just launched a big game.
There's going to be a few issues, but hopefully those will fix themselves because I know they
had a lot of game maintenance problems with Phantasy Star Online on the Xbox, and I'd
really hate to see the same thing happen with the universe.
So fan community, speak up when things are going wrong, and hopefully Sega will be listening.
I do recommend Phantasy Star Universe to fans of role-playing type games, and I would say
the closest thing I could really compare it to that's not online would be something like,
I don't know, it feels a little bit like Zelda to me, a little bit, but maybe with less puzzle
element.
I will say though that some of the scenery in Phantasy Star Universe is gorgeous.
There's a planet that has a very old Asia type theme to it.
It's really gorgeous, some of the areas there.
So it's really a step up graphically from PSO, which got kind of old with the graphics
after playing it a little while.
Let's see, the other game I want to talk about really quickly is Clubhouse Games for the
DS because I picked it up, but I haven't really talked about it on the show.
It's pretty cool.
There's a lot, a lot of games on it, and I think that value alone makes it worth a purchase
if you're into the casual games.
If you're not into casual games, you want something with more depth, I don't think there's
going to be a whole lot here for you.
They try to make it a little longer gameplay and kind of streamline it all together with
things like mission mode and stamp mode, but overall it's nothing more than just an excuse
to make you try every single game.
I was a little disappointed that online doesn't have certain games in it, so be careful before
you pick up the game.
Check out, do some research online and see if the games you want to play online are even
playable because they aren't all playable online, so be careful.
If you want, I have that music queued up so people can hear what it sounds like.
If it'll come through, hopefully.
It should.
I'm starting the level over.
Oh, it's like a cheesy mini version of it, I can hear it.
Yeah, it's like a cheesy mini version of it.
I guess for a phone it's not bad.
It'll pick up in a second.
Now, see, this makes me kind of go, why isn't this on the Xbox Live one?
This is like the best song in the game, and they got it on the frickin' cell phone, but
they didn't get it on Xbox Live?
That's weird.
Oh, well.
Anyway, thank you, Jamie.
I think it turned out pretty nicely.
Yeah, for a cell phone game, that's not bad.
You know I hate cell phone games, usually.
Anyway.
Renee, how was your gaming week?
What kind of games have you been playing?
Besides the HeroQuest, I have been playing Clubhouse games as well.
I don't really have Wi-Fi set up at my house, and so I've been stealing Wi-Fi from the Metreon
because I live in San Francisco.
The only game that I've actually been able to play online is Darts, and it's fine.
But I do understand that if there are some games that you do like and you want to check,
you definitely want to check out and see if you can play it online, because I really was
looking forward to playing Split, or Spit, or Speed.
That was the one I wanted to do, too.
And yeah, because I totally kill on that, so I'm awesome.
We should play it together.
See, we should have totally battled, but we can't, because we can't play it on the internet.
Don't cry.
I've also played LocoRoco.
I really love that game.
I've beat it like two times now, and it's really cute.
Basically it's made by SCEI, or Sony Computer Detainment International, which is Sony.
Basically you play as a world, and there's these little LocoRocos that are these little
yellow blobs, and you help them roll around and get rid of the mojos that are trying to
invade the world, and that's basically it.
I guess the closest you can compare it to would be Katamari Damacy, but it's not really.
It's kind of hard when you have these very original games to try and compare it to something
else.
Definitely.
Probably people were going, like, Fantasy Star Universe is like Zelda.
What the hell is he saying?
I don't know.
Is it a sword-slashing thing?
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's the best thing I can name.
The reason why I actually started playing LocoRoco again, because I basically beat it
about a month ago, was because I had gone to visit the Sony store at the Metreon, or
PlayStation store, and they had this little booth set up, and they had these little inflatable
LocoRocos.
There was two one-foot LocoRoco inflatables, and then this one huge three-foot one.
I walked up to one of the workers there, and I said, oh, are you guys selling these?
He's like, no, actually, sorry.
I made a little pouty face, because that's what I do.
I asked him, well, can I at least look at it?
He went behind the booth, and he took the smaller one, and he handed that to me.
As soon as I had it in my grasp, I held onto it, and I gave it a quick little hug, and
I said, oh, it's so cute, like the girl I am.
Of course, his heart melted, and he's like, oh, do you want it?
I'm like, of course.
He's like, well, you can have it for free.
Here it is with her today.
It's here with me today, and before he could say, I'm just kidding, I squeed, and I just
ran out.
I'm very happy.
He ran away before he could take it back.
That's why I started playing Loco Roco again.
Another game that I've been playing, actually, right now, I just picked up Cooking Mama.
In the Bay Area, I've visited at least five different EB's, and I've asked every single
time, every time I've gone, and this is multiple occasions, I ask, do you guys have Cooking
Mama?
As I've come to expect it, their answer is no, and like the little fangirl of Nintendo
DS games I am, I pout and walk away.
But today, when I came to visit Sacramento, I went to the EB games over in Ardenwood,
and they had Cooking Mama, and right now, Mama is telling me to poke my steak.
Wow, okay.
What kind of game is this?
This is some sick, twisted little game under the cutesy farce of a Cooking Mama title.
Hey, well, you know, whatever Mama wants, she gets.
Next year, we're going to have Cooking Emerald, where he yells out things while you're trying
to cook.
Bam!
Yeah.
Mama wants you to come over here and poke my steak.
This is dirty.
Dirty, dirty.
I'm sorry.
I think I need to get that game.
Wow.
Maybe there's some girly thing, I don't get, oh well, forget it, I don't know.
All right, well that's cool, well great, and I'm glad you brought, can I give your Loco
Rocodoll a hug?
Yes, you can, you can.
Yay!
Here I go.
This is great radio, by the way.
If only you could see Rob now, he has the biggest grin ever.
I know, it's cute, it's very cute.
I would have tried to steal one too, but you know, I would have had to find a worker there
that bats for my team, and I don't know if there are any there, so, well it is San Francisco
for God's sake.
Yes.
The official Sony store is still there at the Metreon, even though Sony sold it, right?
It is.
The Metreon itself.
Exactly.
I was at the Metreon last week.
That's right, and how was your experience at the Metreon?
I saw Nightmare Before Christmas in 3D, and I had only had three hours of sleep and it
had been going all day, so I actually fell asleep during the parts where they're handing
out all the presents.
But right at the beginning, it's me, Chris, Megzi, and Mecco, who is our friend from Canada.
We're all trying to grab the snowflakes at the beginning of the movie, and then me and
Megzi are like, ooh, Jack.
But the thing about it is that they've touched up the quality or something on it because
you can actually see the fibers move in the different clothes that are actually, like
in Sally's dress for instance, you can see the different fiber layouts different for
when they've used different doll models, you know, when they've had her up there for the
different positions and everything.
So if you go, and I think it's actually playing through, I think through December, if you
go onto, actually just do a search for it, a website will pop up for Disney, and you
can actually order your tickets through Fandango, which I highly recommend because it's going
to be sold out the whole time.
Especially this season, yeah.
Yeah, if you can see it anywhere, go see it because it's seriously, it is worth the view.
Awesome.
All right.
And sitting in line was kind of fun, but not really.
Now while you were doing that, I was in New York City and I actually met up with some
of our listeners.
So some folks came out to see me at Nintendo World, I thought there was going to be like
two people, but it turned out to be about seven, so it was cool, I was glad to see some
folks show up at Nintendo World to say hi.
So thank you very much to the New York City folks who came out and said hi, and we went
to lunch together in Times Square, it was very cool.
And hold on one minute, I'll be right back because they gave us some stuff from Digital
Life, so I'll be right back.
Next radio ever, where Rob runs out of the room, giddy like a little schoolgirl.
That's adorable.
In the meantime, the ferret will serenade everybody, and oh, Rob's back.
You could have stayed gone, this could have been a ferret show.
So I have shirts, so I don't know who wants what, but the white one seems a little more
girly, so I'm going to give the white one to Jamie.
I wear black though.
Oh, you want the black one?
What's the black one say?
The black one says, let's see, it's- If it's white, I won't wear it.
The quad father.
Okay, I'll take the white one.
Okay.
Then I'll give the black one to Loki, because he's kind of dark too, so he's dark and gothic
and tragic and all that stuff.
Hey, I'm the resident goth.
Oh, this is cool.
And I have- Unplug and connect.
I have some mouse pads as well, so I'm going to give one to Renee as well, so there you
go.
Thank you.
And then you guys get mouse pads too.
That's what I wanted.
Oh.
The listeners.
Verizon wireless mouse pad.
That's funny, because I use singular.
But I thought that was very nice.
You do?
I thought that was very nice that our listeners kept us in mind there, so thank you.
Of course, thank you.
And I'm also going to give Renee, because we have a whole stock of these CDs, some CDs
from a different drum.
Ooh, I love a different drum.
I know, aren't they the best?
I know.
And we have some CDs here, and we've been giving these away just kind of sporadically.
We have a CD single for Come With Me from DDR Ultramix 3, a rain dancer, and a song that's
going to be in Ultramix 4, Rupesh Cartel, Yours to Command, is a B-side on this CD,
so enjoy.
Ooh, amazing.
Thank you.
I will.
No problemo.
Have fun with that.
Thank you so much for keeping, and to start us off, we are going to reenact the voicemails
of the week this week, and we have a very special message from our webmaster.
Let's take a listen.
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land.
This is Jason, and I have a very special and happy announcement from all of us.
Starting as of right now, you have a toll-free number that any of you are willing to use.
That number, first off, is 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That is 1-877-4263657.
This is unfortunately only going to the United States and Canada, but the rest of you still
have Skype, and will work at any time.
Free for you.
Have fun.
All right.
Awesome.
So now we're almost like legitimate radio here.
We have our own 800 number, or 877 number, but same thing.
So we have a new toll-free number for you guys to use, and you can use that in interacting
with our station when we take calls a little later in the program.
That number, once again, 877-GAME-OLR.
That's 877-4263657.
Because of the fact that we have the toll-free number now, we're thinking this might encourage
folks to leave us voicemails, so we are going to open up that segment we did a while back.
We're going to reopen up that segment for the voicemails of the week.
I'll let you know the topic a little later on in the program.
We'll take your calls on the new 800 number a little bit later.
The old 916 number still works for those of you in the area, but I imagine most people
probably aren't going to want to use that.
Tonight marks the last week of our DDR previews.
New songs for DDR Ultramix 4 and DDR Universe.
Too bad that today's last week, but we've been doing it for eight weeks, and we've got
some new songs for you guys tonight.
Very excited about that.
Orange Lounge Radio has a brand new YouTube channel.
If you listened to last week's episode, I believe I threatened to put something up.
Oh, the Loki drunk thing playing Mario Kart.
I threatened to put that up on YouTube.
I did, so check that out.
We are on YouTube under username Orange Lounge Radio, and some folks have already found the
videos and are subscribing to them.
I'm sure that was of excellent quality seeing as, you know, I think it was formatted for
the PSP.
It actually didn't come out that bad.
It actually came out pretty good.
I put some other stuff up there, too.
We have some news bits, like you remember the Oh, It's So Much Fun clip?
That's up there as well on YouTube, but one of them, there's a Guitar Hero story that
has Dark Soccer and Loki in it, and it came out squished for some reason.
The video is squished.
It's letterboxed, but not really, so I don't know what to do about that, but it's all there
if you folks want to check it out.
All right, let's get into some news.
Loki's going to start us off tonight, and he's going to cover some things that happened
because we pre-taped on Wednesday, and usually we do our show on Sunday, so he's going to
kind of do a bit of a gap story, so things we didn't get a chance to talk about last
week that we should have.
And pretty much the only thing that we missed talking about was the PlayStation Day in San
Francisco, and of course lots of stuff coming out about the PlayStation 3, and a lot of
things being pulled out of the PlayStation 3, including the fact that they will not have
a gamer score system.
Originally they were going to be putting out that entitlement system that everyone had
a problem with because it kind of ripped off of the Xbox Live achievement system.
Well, that's not going to happen according to Jack Trenton from Sony.
There's no gamer score system at all.
They just kind of ran out of time and didn't feel like putting it in there, so very interesting
there.
And if you happen to be lucky enough to snag one of the first PlayStation 3s out there,
one of the first 500,000 of course, you may be getting a copy of Talladega Nights on Blu-ray,
because of course they really want to push that Blu-ray format with the Blu-ray drive
being in the actual console, so you get to enjoy that Will Ferrell comedy.
And it was actually pretty good, so definitely worth it, kind of like the Spider-Man 2 on
the PSP.
Anyways, some other stuff you'll be getting with your system of course, you probably want
to be getting some games, and their launch games have really kind of slimmed down a bit.
Sony's first party stuff, they've got Resistance, Fall of Man, NBA 07, and Genji Days of Blade.
Those will all be launch titles.
Now of course, Lair and Warhawk have been pushed to next year, so you won't see those
for a while.
Some other wonderful third party games though, of course the exclusive Full Auto 2 will be
coming out from Sega, Until Legends Dark Kingdom, Ridge Racer 7, and of course they will also
be getting versions of Fear, Fight Night Round 3, Elder Scrolls, Oblivion, Blazing Angels,
Call of Duty 3, Tony Hawk's Project 8, and all the big stuff.
So it's an interesting launch window, I don't know.
Anywho, some stuff not Sony related.
Luminous Live, now there's been of course a lot of controversy over the whole buy half
of a game, purchase the rest of the game later on kind of format.
Well Mitsuguchi himself actually was interviewed by IGN, and one of the questions they asked
him was about that system, and of course he supports it, and basically saying Luminous
when it came out on the PSP was more expensive, and he feels that I guess you should pay the
same price on the 360.
Well thank you very much, I'll remember that when you release any other Q Entertainment
games like the wonderful 99 Nights, glad I rushed out to buy that one.
I actually did rush out to buy 99 Nights because I loved the demo and everything, and I got
mine for free, so glad I didn't spend money.
I will say though, I will not be buying Luminous Plus or Luminous 2, or any of your Extend
Extra, every Extend Extra, screw you, I'm not buying that crap either.
And I will buy them all because I'm a whore.
Actually I probably won't get the PS2 one, that is a little bit of overkill, but I do
want Luminous 2 and I do want every Extend Extra, so what can I say.
Sorry.
Whatever.
So that pretty much does it for the big stories that we missed in that little bit of a gap,
I want to do some comments from chat real fast because the chat room is just lit up
on some of this stuff.
Jeremy Todd 1 says they ran out of time, it's kind of interesting to know that the 360 came
out a year earlier than PlayStation 3 and yet it has achievements, and so the PlayStation
3 had an extra year to get it, but they couldn't even get this simple feature?
I don't know, lack of achievements, is that going to kill the PS3?
I don't think it's a big deal.
I don't think that's really a big deal, but I think what's really interesting is some
of the launch games not having online support, that is a big deal right there I think.
This just adds one of those little mouth protectors in Kudaragi's helmet.
You're an achievement point, Torloki, does this lower your opinion of Sony or do you
really care?
Not really.
If anything, Microsoft has this wonderful achievement system to get me to buy games
I normally probably wouldn't buy or to rent games, it kind of drives the market a little
bit to get you to play more games, so I guess it would, to be honest, it's not a real deal
breaker for me, but I think the lack of online and certain games for them is a deal breaker
for me.
And the other thing is they haven't really still haven't said what their online service
has, and they're saying it's free, but I don't see multiplayer gaming as...
They showed a friends list.
Okay, friends list is free, you get that free with Xbox Live, but they still have not come
out and said multiplayer gaming is free.
They have not said that yet, so I'm thinking it's probably not free.
Shadow Charlie in our chat room says, what about backwards memory card support for PlayStation
3?
You've got to buy something for that, though.
Yeah, there's a little adapter.
You can do that with the 360, but you've got to buy something, so mind if I ask you that?
Well, you know what, at least they're putting out the actual device to do it instead of
some third party.
I mean, props to them for that, but I don't know, they're pretty much coming out with
equivalents for everything.
Fireboma in our chat says, I thought it wasn't a Sony launch until Ridge Racer game was launched
with it.
That's true, it's got to be a Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer, I had to, at least one more time.
I think this is interesting.
Kendro lends an interesting perspective here on the Luminous microtransactions debate.
If microtransactions total the price of a normal game, then that's kind of cool, and
as somebody had calculated above, if you buy Luminous and all the microtransactions, it's
going to be about $35.
Well, let me put it this way.
It's either they release it on live and you have the option to buy these microtransactions,
or they just port it and throw it out on a CD or DVD and just put it in there and you
get it all anyways, and it's all the same game, kind of like Luminous Plus.
What I didn't like about the whole thing is I felt they weren't very upfront about telling
us what the game was not going to have.
I was very disappointed to find VS Computer wasn't there, because that's kind of a way
you could unlock skins in the original PSP version, so I kind of went there to try and
unlock more skins, and you kind of couldn't do it.
So that was a little bit disappointing, and I didn't realize that feature was going to
be gone, or well, have one stage only.
I can understand downloading more skins, but I don't like downloading new features.
I shouldn't have to buy two-player.
You know what, Blaze says they could have packaged Luminous as a real game and no one
would be bitching, and you know what, I don't know, it would have been a little less deceptive
in my mind.
I don't know, there's a certain element of deception with this whole thing.
Maybe I'm being overreactive, I don't know.
Well, also one thing to consider being in the video game industry is the production
costs, you know, they would have to not only go through rigorous testing to ensure that
all of the content in the game follows Microsoft's strict rules, but also how much it would cost
to send and make the CDs and the manuals and things like that, otherwise you could just
buy it online.
True, but don't the online games go through a similar process?
Maybe it's not as rigid, but the way, because remember when we had that story a couple weeks
back about how Duke Nukem wasn't going to be on Xbox Live anytime soon because it would
have to go through a process, and Microsoft supposedly has all these games in a queue
waiting to go on the arcade, so maybe there is still a process, but maybe it's less stringent
than having to put the manual, do the clamshells, all that stuff.
So it would definitely cost less to go straight to Live.
I think the reason why they did it on Live to begin with was so they could, it started
off as a microtransactions thing, it was like, oh we could sell the Madonna skin and we could
sell whatever other artist skins we're going to have, and then it just turned into, hey
let's microtransaction for everything!
But there's some interesting perspectives, I know we got an email on this too, so I'll
save that for the mailbag that lends an interesting perspective as well.
Well I'm sure we've got more stories about it too, I know there's other stuff this week,
but I haven't looked at the show rules, so good job prepping for tonight.
For example, the whole Madden training videos thing where they want you to buy that stuff,
I think people are starting to see, oh microtransactions are working, then everyone's jumping on bandwagon,
but no one's getting it right.
It's kind of like one of those things, like back when motion sensing, ooh motion sensing
is cool, let's all release motion sensing stuff now, and not everyone has it, or stuff
for the DS.
Touchscreen is awesome, let's make more games supporting touchscreen, like some games had
the touchscreen with pause, just retarded stuff like that, so some people don't get
it.
We've got to keep it moving here, we're like 40 minutes into the show and two stories in,
so I want to mention this story, this was another one from last week, but this was so
huge that it's still being blogged about this week, and this is a feature in the video game
Bully, that gaygamer.net and another site, I believe it was Game Brink, captured videos
of hot boy-on-boy action, basically, that the main character in the game, Jimmy Hopkins,
can kiss boys as well as girls in the game.
Hey boy.
Actually, I believe there were certain ones.
You have to inspect them first and you'll have an action option for kiss.
There's about 10% of the characters you can do that to.
And they have the same animation as the females.
It's causing this big controversy, I don't know, I sit back at this and I go, and keep
in mind I'm gay myself, and I'm looking at this going, this is a way bigger deal than
it ought to be.
I'm just sitting here going, when it was in the Sims, it was like, okay, hey, you can
just do this if you want or do this if you want, but now it seems to be like, I don't
know, with all these sites reporting on it and all this stuff, you guys are making a
big deal out of what shouldn't, it's just, hey, if you want to play the game like this,
if you want to try this, like Fable, yeah, and Fable, you kind of did that too.
I don't know why this is such a, it's dumb, and you know why?
Because people are looking, they are, I swear to God, people are just making Rockstar fucking
scapegoat for everything.
They are scrutinizing these games to find something wrong so they can go and sue them
some more.
You know what?
Before you go and start doing that, be warned that they did put this content, they brought
it to the attention of the ERSRB when they were giving it a team rating.
So you know what?
Fuck off, because this is all kosher, you know, people approved this for the team rating,
and that's it, that's the game, play it.
You know, at least, hey, at least he's not fucking bashing skulls in or, you know, eating
brains or something like that, just, it's just fucking kissing, that's all it is.
You know what?
By curious people, there are tons of them in college and stuff, who gives a shit about
just, you know, a fictional character who's not even real kissing a fictional character
who's not even real who happens to be disguised as a male person.
I mean, these are, it's like saying, oh, you know, two puppets making out, oh, but they're
male puppets, you know, so that's really wrong.
And nobody really cried out about the whole, you know, blowjob scene in Team America that
I noticed, because they were puppets.
Well, I don't know, I mean, I understand, you know, why, you know, especially, you know,
gay gaming sites would be a little bit, you know, yay about this, because they, you don't
get this option in a lot of games.
You don't, you don't really, you know, so it's kind of nice to see sandbox games going
towards that, hey, you know, if we're going to interact a romance element into this and
we truly want to be, you know, open, hey, we're going to, you know, so I applaud that
Rockstar did this, but I can't help but take, you know, so I'm not saying it's a bad thing
at all.
I think it's great.
I think it's awesome.
I think, you know, I'm very glad to see that, you know, that's kind of being put into games,
you know, and the true sandbox idea of do whatever you want, literally.
If they were going to be really, though, accurate about it, though, they should have had some
girls just, you know, be, I'm not interested in you, I'm interested in her.
Nobody would have blinked an eye.
That's the other weird thing.
Nobody would have blinked an eye at that.
Because the vast majority, I hate to say the vast majority of gamers out there are, well,
desperate young men who like to see hot lesbian action.
They should just do a game called hot lesbian action.
It would sell.
It's called Dead or Alive Extreme.
Yeah, with independently moving boobs.
Where you sit on the other pair's back and do, sorry.
Never mind.
What were you going to say?
I was going to say Vice City Stories actually has, one of the main characters is a transsexual.
You don't know who it is, but one of them is, you know, we learn later on, one of them
is a tranny and they have a major role in the game.
So it's like Rockstar's trying to, I don't know, push the boundaries of it.
I don't know, it's just, they're just, you know, writing diverse characters into their
games.
Exactly.
You know?
What's wrong with that?
It's about time.
You know, these kind of aren't the games that really interest me.
Here's the thing.
I'm not going to go buy Bully just because it has this in it and I know other people
who did and I'm kind of like, you know it's a game and this is like five seconds of a
game.
I don't know.
I don't understand why you would go.
I mean, maybe they're trying to support the cause or whatever, which, okay, whatever.
But you know what though?
I'd go see a movie that had Christina Ricci naked or something like that.
Maybe five seconds of the movie, but I'd go see because of that.
All right.
Point made.
Well, speaking of things that have absolutely nothing to do with sexuality, unless you just
happen to swing toward Master Chief that way, there is still plans by Microsoft to do the
Halo movie, however, the film studios decided not to.
So Microsoft has issued a statement.
We were disappointed that Universal wanted to significantly renegotiate the financial
points of the deal, but the Halo franchise is hugely popular and our goal remains the
same, to find a partner that shares our passion and will creatively collaborate with us to
best represent the story.
So it may happen, but not anytime soon.
Yeah, I think this just means delays, development hell.
Yeah, seriously.
Oh, well.
You know what?
If it takes that much time to get it right, I would much rather see them delay it and
get it right.
I mean, Halo is a game, so I think the games are what a lot of us are more excited about
than the movie.
So Hollywood, take your time.
Just don't fuck it up.
Exactly.
Some interesting stuff, those rumored from Game Informer is they're saying that they
have an insider that's let them know that Halo 3 is going to be getting a demo early
next year, and that's pretty much all we know right now is speculation.
There might be a Halo 3 demo early next year, and that would make sense considering the
supposed release date of Halo 3 being March or April of next year, so yeah, but duh.
But one of the interesting rumors I also read about Halo 3 demos, they were saying they
might charge for it.
That was a weird rumor.
I read that too.
I don't know.
The only way I could see that being, well I guess they kind of already do that.
You can go to Best Buy I think and buy a World of Warcraft 14 day trial for a couple bucks.
So I guess charging for demos isn't absolutely unheard of.
I think it does make a lot of people go eh, but if people will pay it, they're going to
get away with it.
Especially if it's multiplayer and online demo, there's going to be a lot of people
that are down for that.
They probably do have room to get away with charging for that, so I guess we'll see.
What do you think?
Would you pay for a Halo 3 demo?
Eh, probably.
Depends on how much it is.
It would be nice.
If it's like five bucks, I'm not paying for that, but you know, and also I'm not really
a good indicator of whether you'd pay for it or not because I would probably buy it
just to report on it for the show, so you know.
With the gamer in you, the regular gamer, nonjournalist in you?
No.
Okay.
I wouldn't pay for it because, you know what I mean?
I never played Halo.
What if it, now here's a good idea that might justify that, what if it came with those little
pictures or themes or something, came with it, like to maybe sweeten the deal?
No.
No?
No, I wouldn't do that.
Here's what I would do is I would, I subscribe to Xbox Magazine and let me get this straight.
Xbox Magazine, they used to come with demos that you couldn't find on Xbox Live Marketplace
and they used to get them like way early and stuff.
That's not the case anymore.
Their demos are almost useless now since you can get everything on Xbox Live Marketplace.
I think there's only one demo that I've seen that has not hit the Marketplace and
that would be Timeshift because that was before when it was being put out by Atari instead
of Nvidia.
So, you know, if they put it out, that's what I would say they should do is put it
in the magazine.
Interesting comments from our chat room, Bandit says they should not charge for the demo but
should charge for the opportunity to play multiplayer in the demo.
Well, you know, because servers cost money to maintain, I guess, although no other multiplayer
demos have been charged as of yet.
Let's see, ShadowNextGen makes it very clear, I'm not paying for a demo.
I ain't doing it.
Let's see, VidPower says Halo 3 will be microtransactions.
Spend 400 points to get the sniper rifle.
Oh, I hope not.
I hope not.
I don't think so.
Because it's going to give people money.
Maps maybe.
I would see maps.
I think the way they did it in Halo 1 was great.
You know, if you are an addict and you have to have these maps right now, great.
Pay for them and then in three months they'll be free.
You know?
I don't know.
But I think it would throw off the balance of the game to have some people get the sniper
rifles but some people don't, you know, and we're arbitrarily picking a weapon here.
We don't mean that that's actually going to happen but I just hope they use caution in
the microtransactions.
Maybe learning a little bit from this luminous backlash that's going on.
What about EA?
Jeremy Todd 1 is a very interesting point.
People who don't have their 360 connected to live will find the OXM's demo very useful.
Some people that play Halo don't play it on live because it does have a very thorough
story mode in it.
So something to think about.
Alright, anyway, one other story about the 360.
It's possible that there's going to be a dashboard update this week.
Now this is speculation but the speculation is coming from something Major Nelson said
in his latest podcast.
He was talking to a developer on the show and basically they were talking about the
wireless communicator that's coming out very soon.
The wireless communicator is scheduled to come out October 31st.
Major Nelson said, you know, if you were to go to the store today and buy it, you can't
use it until the fall upgrade to the dashboard.
Well then that gets people to think, okay, so he's saying that if, because this came
out last week, this podcast, if you have this communicator early, it's not going to do you
any good.
So no worries trying to go find a leaked one.
But if the actual date for this is the 31st and it's not going to work until the dashboard
update goes into effect, doesn't that mean that the dashboard update needs to happen
on the 31st or they're going to have some angry customers?
They would need to put it up beforehand.
And I think it's about the time to do that anyways because you're going to want to have
the dashboard update ready for the 7th when the HD DVD player comes out.
You're going to want to have, you know, the update ready for when the PlayStation 3 comes
out, so you have that 1080p and you can compete with them.
And whatever other fun stuff they want to throw in there, more backwards compatibility
maybe.
You know, hey, maybe it'd be nice if they had some Ultimate Mortal Combat, or Mortal
Combat Annihilation, you know, backwards compatibility on there, I'd like to play with that, but
you know.
We'll see what happens.
If anything, if it's not this week, it's very soon.
Do you think that they've been quiet about the dashboard update because they don't want
people going, when's it coming out, Major Nelson, when's it coming out, Major Nelson,
when's it coming out?
Well, I'm sure he's trying to be quiet about anything, yeah, just because his fanbase is
a little...
...needy.
...bitchy.
...needy.
Are you there?
Are you there?
Are you there?
Are you there?
Yeah.
Major Nelson seems like a really great guy.
I've never met him in person.
He seems really cool.
I will turn this dashboard update around if you do not behave.
But if you read those comments on his board, and you know it's getting to him because,
you know, he's sad to make some changes, yeah, I'd be so annoyed too.
All right, anyway.
Well, something that may annoy other people in regards to Microsoft is that there's actually
indications that they favor the live gold account above the platinum ones.
Well, they should...
Over the silver?
I'm sorry, over the silver.
They should.
I'm paying for it.
Well, basically they're saying that, especially for some of the demos that are coming out,
they're releasing them to the gold accounts before they're releasing them to the silver.
So you'll get the newer trailers, the newer demos, instead of, you know, having to wait
for them because they're releasing them about a week or so afterwards.
That's fine.
That's perfect because it's more incentive to go play on gold, and you know what, hey,
it's free.
You can't complain if you're getting demos later on.
Just whatever.
Pay for it.
So if you're paying 50 bucks for your year subscription, you should be getting your stuff.
Exactly.
You should have some sort of perks, and I'm surprised there hasn't really been much more
other than this.
I mean, so...
If not, then if you've got the silver, if you want them at the same time, they should
do some sort of pay-by-download for those, if you want to get them ahead of time, but
other than that...
50 dollars a year is really not that expensive.
And they do giveaways and specials all the time.
It's expensive next to free, which is what PlayStation 3 is promising, although I know
they haven't said anything about, I just, you know, I just have a feeling it's going
to be free.
I think they've kind of insinuated it, you know what I mean?
But I don't think they're going to come out of nowhere and say, surprise, you're going
to have to pay for this.
I'm going to piss more people off with that.
I think Sony is in a corner now where they have to make it free.
Didn't they have that comparison chart that got them in a lot of trouble, that was comparing
the Sony PlayStation 3 to the Xbox 360, and it was talking about like, hey, this comes
with it, and on Xbox, it was basically trying to show the Xbox 360 actually costs more than
the PlayStation 3, like it was that comparison, and one of the things was they talked about
Play Online, and it was free on PlayStation 3, so I'm pretty sure it's going to be...
Well, 50 a month, though, it's not that expensive.
You're technically paying about, I think, $4.17 a month, if you consider, which is less
than the cost of lunch, so if you think about it in the big picture, you really are not
paying all that much for your subscription cost for Live.
Couple quick comments in chat.
Blaze says, good, if I'm paying $50 a year, I should get it earlier.
JeremyTau1 says, I'd rather pay $50 a year for Live, which has a lot more neat features
than have the free PS3 Online service, and it having not as many features, so interesting
point there as well.
Pay for what you get.
All right.
ShadowNextGen agrees, $50 a year for Xbox Live is a great value.
All right.
Interesting.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm glad that they have some perks for the gold people.
Anywho, some other fun stuff that's come out about Halo 3 this week, mainly leaked from
a Swedish magazine called Level, they've had some actual screenshots and stuff, and of
course, brand new info about the game, including some new weapons like Spiker, which is a new
brute weapon, a Spartan laser that apparently tears vehicles apart, and a nail grenade,
which sticks in the walls and sends nails everywhere.
Brand new vehicles like the Mongoose, which is like a miniature ATV for two passengers
with no weapons on it, and then the one that people are hoping is mistranslated, but the
Man Cannon, which launches players into the air, kind of like jump pads in Unreal or Quake
Arena.
Come step in, sir.
You want to see my Man Cannon?
Some interesting stuff.
They're going to be having the left and right trigger weapons.
You'll be able to reload them separately using the left and right shoulder buttons, and apparently
the X button has some sort of secret functionality to it that they haven't mentioned yet.
Man Cannon.
It's not the Man Cannon.
Some other interesting stuff is it's going to be coming out in three different SKUs.
The first one is game only, the second one will be a collector's edition, and the third
one is the legendary edition, which includes a replica of Master Chief's helmet, which
is miniaturized, it's about cat size, so you can put it on your cat, or your Man Cannon.
It's also going to include documentaries, developer commentary, spinoff material like
Red vs. Blue, Spark of Life, etc., and all the cut scenes from Halo 1.53 and HD on a
separate disc.
That's kind of cool.
And maybe a sneak peek at the Halo movie, they're just speculating right now.
But lots of screenshots, looks very pretty, very, very pretty.
Of course, also coming out at the same time, not to be outdone by this leaked information,
one up had to mention that EGM will be also having some content on Halo 3, which by the
looks of their content, almost identical to what is in that Swedish magazine, and yeah,
so they'll be coming, in fact they're going to be doing three weeks of coverage for Halo
3.
I thought usually you did that leading up to a game's release.
This is just randomly, hey folks, three weeks of Halo 3 stuff.
Okay, well, okay, that's what you want to do.
That whole Man Cannon thing reminds me of when we were playing F.E.A.R. last night,
and there's a weapon in there called the Penetrator, so if that gives you any indication, so anyway.
Let's see, PooEater says, okay, so I'm guessing Man Cannon will be the next joke we run into
the ground, most likely, most likely.
DJ Morpheus asks, hello, by the way, to our good buddy DJ Morpheus, honestly, who really
looks at the developer extras?
That's kind of a good question.
It depends on the game.
I wouldn't buy this Halo 3 Uber edition or whatever, that's too much crap, but I know
people who love their Halo.
I might do that just to put a Halo helmet in my cube.
I don't really have a lot of game memorabilia, and that might be kind of fun.
I have to see what it looks like, if it looks retarded, I'm not buying it.
Well, no, I actually love seeing all of the behind the scenes stuff, being in a design
major myself, I love seeing all the artistic elements that go behind it, but when we got
the Toy Story box set, I was watching all the rendering errors first, before I was even
watching the movies, because I'm just into all that kind of stuff.
I think it's great.
I like the ones in Shrek, though, where the donkey turns into a big fuzzy porcupine looking
thing.
Well, I personally wouldn't mind buying the extra stuff.
For Company of Heroes, which is an RTS game for the PC, they had just the regular edition
and they had the special silver edition, and with the special silver edition, they had
a DVD with special features of how they made the storyline, the people they interviewed,
and it even came with little flashcards, so that you can see what type of tanks you were
fighting and what were some of their names and some of the weak spots and everything,
so it was pretty interesting for those people who love World War II.
I'm getting the collector's edition of Final Fantasy XII, so I can watch all the extras
that are going to be there, and yes, I probably will watch them, because I'm sad.
This is another game I believe has a collector's edition, yes, Gears of War has a collector's
edition coming out.
Well, Gears of War has gone gold-ish.
It has gone officially gold, too, it's gold.
Cliffy B says, my job as designer of Gears of War is well more or less done, and that
was coming from his official blog, so it does look like Gears of War is going to make it
out there on time.
Then it was actually, I think, later on that week also, it was also officially gold.
I believe Major Nelson kind of dropped that bomb a little later, I think, from what I'm
reading.
Yeah, they're all ready to go.
So, the game will be out on time, doesn't look like any delays are going to happen unless
something really screws up, but that's exciting, because for the Halo 3, folks, this is a real
hold-em-over game.
Even for non-Halo people, maybe this is something.
It's really cool-looking.
Yeah, I hope there's a demo on Marketplace, so I can check it out, because it looked really
cool at E3, but watching and playing are two very, very different things.
I'm buying it.
Maybe I'll borrow yours, then, and check it out first.
I do think I want it, though, after Final Fantasy XII is beaten.
I'm not getting Final Fantasy XII, though.
Look, I'm going to say this.
I've been a very, very good boy.
There is a pirated copy of Final Fantasy XII sitting on the floor of my living room right
now, and I haven't touched it.
I'm being good, and I'm being a very good boy.
Well it's kind of on someone else's PlayStation's hard drive, so I can't really give that away.
I'm not going to name names, but he's sitting in this room, and it's not me.
I'm not touching it.
I'm going to wait and buy a legitimate copy of the game when it comes out, because I want
to do the sappy, like, oh, I'm going to play it on launch day like everyone, and I got
the call today that says they're just going to do the midnight launch party at GameStop,
so I'm tempted to take a camera.
Does somebody want to go with me late tomorrow?
I'll go with you if you want to get me a copy.
Take a video camera?
Tomorrow.
I'm not going to buy you that game after you bashed on it on this program, so you hate
the battle system.
You can kiss my butt.
Actually, actually, actually, actually, there are things about that game that make me want
it, but I'm still so busy.
I really am getting into PSU now, but you let me make a game on my memory card, so I
play over here.
GameStops have had Final Fantasy XII since, like, Friday, by the way.
Yeah, so did CompUSA, but they put them all out on the shelves, from what I hear, but
I'm being good, and I'm waiting.
Did somebody want to come, like, we could take a video camera, do something for YouTube.
I'll go with you.
I don't know.
I've got to work on Tuesday.
Yeah, we'll see.
I do, too, but hey, staying up late might be fun.
Well, speaking of things, though, that are kind of messed up, you know, they broke a
particular Walmart in Arkansas, broke street date for Guitar Hero 2.
It was actually reported on, so since it's actually supposed to be released on November
7th, and Walmart said, uh-uh, we're releasing it now, then maybe your local Walmart will
have it.
I'm actually sort of thinking about making a run by Walmart, just because I have to play
Trogdor.
If you know, this is kind of a, well, it's a related story.
You know you can actually hack the demo to play the songs that were unlocked in the game.
Apparently they were on the demo disc.
Way to go, programmers!
You rock!
Keeping that content on discs.
This is how hot coffee happens.
Anyways, so yeah, apparently you can hack the demo.
They have some programming.
I've got the demo at my house.
Yeah.
I have to see what's what.
They have Trogdor on there.
I don't get it, because I will just keep going back to playing YYZ over and over and over
again.
I was even watching this live performance of Rush doing that on YouTube, with the longest
drum solo ever.
I am actually passing on Guitar Hero 2 until the 360 version.
I sold my Guitar Hero today.
Wow.
I'm going to probably get both.
As much as I really enjoy Red Octane and so forth, I actually really like Guitar Freaks,
and that's where my allegiance goes to.
It goes to Konami, I'm sorry.
Oh, interesting.
Actually, I would say you're a little bit in the minority there.
A lot of people don't really prefer Guitar Freaks.
I think it just depends on your taste in music, too.
Would you say you like to listen to that Japanese rock and the stuff that's usually in those
games?
Oh, definitely.
That's probably why you prefer Guitar Freaks in the end.
It really is about the music.
Yeah.
I would not have been as excited about Guitar Hero 2 if it wasn't that they put bass mode
in it, which I always do on Guitar Freaks.
Same here.
The good thing, though, that I actually will still prefer Guitar Freaks over Guitar Hero
4 is because I've got Dramania and I've got a controller, so it's all about putting it
in session mode and just going at it when you've got a group of people.
Too bad Keyboard Mania wouldn't link, but that's still...
It's not that I dislike Guitar Hero.
I really do want to play Guitar Hero 2, but now it's just such a bad time.
I really hate Christmas.
I love it and I hate it, because they just avalanche the games on us at this period.
And to some people, it's Yule.
Well, whatever.
You know what I mean.
Hanukkah, whatever it is you celebrate.
It's just this avalanche of games right now and I can't play them all, so I might as well
just wait for the 360 version, which will have better graphics, widescreen, and maybe
some extra songs.
Who knows?
We'll wait and see.
And I'll play it then.
You can come play at my house.
Just like I played pinball this week, I forgot to say it in my gaming week, I finally got
to play one at the table.
I played Guns N' Roses.
That's right.
My, my, my, my, my, Michelle.
All right.
It was when he goes, I hate you, Michelle!
That was funny, bro.
I don't hate Christmas.
I don't hate chatter saying I hate Christmas.
I don't hate Christmas.
I hate you for saying I hate Christmas.
Well, speaking of Guitar Hero, the full track list has been out for a little bit now, including
such wonderful tracks as we mentioned, Strong Bad, Trogdor, The Burninator, from, you know,
the Homestar Runner, yes, Homestar Runner Flash animation.
And if you happen to be a fan of Cartoon Network's Adult Swim, you might recognize this band
Death Lock as they perform their hit Thunder Horse, and of course Death Lock is from Meneloc,
Meneloc plus the wonderful, very violent show on Adult Swim.
I think they had that on the E3 demo, didn't they?
I don't think so.
I thought, I remembered hearing it.
Anyways, some other stuff that they've got coming out, I believe a new Freeze Pops, or
another Freeze Pops song on there, Less Talk, More Rock, yay, Freeze Pop, and some other
stuff and just a bunch of bands I've never heard of, Honest Bob and the Factory to Deals
incentive.
Well, these are all, you know, the indie bands that they put in there too, which is kind
of cool.
So yeah, it's pretty cool, and lots of tracks, so definitely worth picking up if you have
a guitar.
I don't, so I won't.
Well, you can buy the bundle.
Why would I do that?
I just sold back the guitar.
I'm waiting for the 360.
Which is a big mistake.
Why did you announce the 360 one before this?
Because we'd be so pissed if they announced it after.
You would be pissed, and I would be pissed, and we'd be on this show yelling and bitching.
But we'd buy it anyways.
Probably.
All right, let's talk about now Guitar Hero 2 is coming out in a couple weeks, but coming
out this week, if you are in Japan, let's talk about some release dates.
Xbox 360 is having a ton of stuff go to their Platinum Collection in Japan this week, including
99 Nights, Project Gotham Racing 3, Rumble Roses XX, Need for Speed Most Wanted, and
Every Party.
Also another Xbox 360 system is coming out.
It's kind of their, you know, they talked about this earlier, they're going to release
kind of a reduced bundle in Japan.
So that is out this week, Xbox Live Vision making its debut as well.
For those of you holding out on the PlayStation 2, lots of fans still about the PS2.
In Japan, you can get Lego Star Wars 2, the original trilogy.
Also coming out, Slaughter Upcore 9 and Gallop Racer in Breed.
I don't leave it to you to figure out what that is, but I want to point out, this one
gave us this bot.
Horses with extra holds on their heads.
That's how they translate it, folks.
There it is, I'm looking here at this game, the Slaughter Upcore 9, it looks like it has
a Go-Go Dancer on the front there.
It's a gambling simulator, so it has a little Go-Go Girl on the front there.
Let's see, let me look at the box art here for this Gallop Racer.
Yeah, it looks like a, it says it right there on the box, look at this, here it is, right
there in the studio.
Gallop Racer in Breed, right there, 10th anniversary.
I'm sorry, but is that like, is that kind of like...
If you're an inbred horse, you probably are going to gallop everywhere.
Mississippi horse!
And I can say that because I'm from the south, so it's a Mississippi horse.
Now hold on though, because this doesn't beat what's coming out on the DS, okay?
Coming out on the DS in Japan, there's a new Kirby game, Hoshi no Kirby Sanjyou, and Lego
Star Wars 2 on the Nintendo DS, but here it is, the title of the week for Japanese imports,
Love Hamster on the Nintendo DS.
It's a strategy game by Digital Kids, and just look at the box art, look at the box
art, how could you not love that hamster?
I want the Love Hamster!
I'm going to import Love Hamster.
I have dwarf hamsters myself, and if it's anything like real hamsters, then they probably
should rename it to Hamster Inbreeding.
Because they multiply it like crazy.
Now just keep in mind, please keep your love hamsters away from your man cannons, okay?
Boys and girls, I'd appreciate that.
My brain is now swimming from love hamsters.
Well, anyway, as for our UK friends, we've got a number of things coming out.
On the first, we have Sam & Max Season 1 Culture Shock for PC.
On the third, a number of titles, we have Curious George for PlayStation 2, Desperate
Housewives for PC, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories on PSP, on just about everything Need
for Speed Carbon, Neverwinter Nights 2 on PC, Rule of Rose on PlayStation 2, Scooby
Doo Who's Watching Who on a number of things, and SpongeBob SquarePants Creature from the
Krusty Krab, yeah, and Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent coming out on PC.
A few things, though, that should be made a mention of, I'll go ahead and list some
of them for the sixth because there's actually the biggest one coming out will be Phantasy
Star Universe coming out on the sixth of November.
Other things to look forward to within the month, actually, after having played the demo,
is WWE SmackDown vs. Raw.
It's actually really good.
And if you want to beat everybody, use Kane.
Okay, anyways, I don't speak wrestling, sorry.
Yeah, well, each week we like to talk about some stuff that you may not have heard yet,
and this week, of course, I'm going to start things off with a few date changes and a few
price reductions like normal.
First off, the Xbox 360 games have dropped in price this week.
Lord of the Rings Battle for Middle-Earth 2 dropped down to $49.99, which is good.
Battlefield 2 also dropped down to $49.99.
NCAA Football 07, which hasn't been out that long, dropped down to $49.99.
Burnout Revenge, which was already cheap to begin with, $29.99.
I think all Xbox 360 games should drop to $49.99, a more reasonable price, don't you?
Well, Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter, pretty awesome game, dropped down to $39.99, so that's
pretty cool.
And, of course, if you don't have a 360, PlayStation 2 and Xbox Madden dropped down to $39.99,
and the Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter on PlayStation 2 and Xbox dropped down to $19.99,
so not bad.
Now some date changes.
It's very interesting.
A few things you might not have heard yet, including some of the Wii launch titles have
been delayed.
It's quite interesting.
For example, Blazing Angels on the Wii has been delayed to December 6th.
Far Cry Instinct's Predator has been delayed to next year, January 16th, which is very
interesting.
Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam for the Wii has been delayed to December 7th.
Call of Duty 3 has also been delayed to December 7th.
And Marvel Ultimate Alliance, December 7th.
So Activision, something happened there because all their titles got delayed.
If you're looking for Elder Scrolls Oblivion on the PS3, I mentioned it was a launch title,
but of course that's the launch window, not launch day.
December 12th, it's already starting its move into March, kind of like the 360 version
was.
It's slowly sneaking away.
Some other games you might also be looking forward to, especially not on the PS3, but
on the 360, Fusion Frenzy 2 won't be coming out this year.
It's coming out January 16th of next year.
Some games also announced Warriors on the PSP is coming out December 13th.
Silent Hill Origins has also been delayed to next year, so you won't be seeing that
until at least January 17th.
I want to say I read somewhere there's some major reworking going on there, which is why
it was delayed.
That date has been bouncing around this week like crazy.
It was in March at one time this week.
It's nuts.
One point though about that is that if you go in the Akira Yamaoka community on Live
Journal, there's actually previews to some of the tracks in the game.
And then finally, two other titles were announced from Buena Vista Interactive that you haven't
heard about yet on systems.
Pirates of the Caribbean 3, of course that's a working title, is going to be coming out
on PlayStation 3, the Wii, Xbox 360, DS, and PSP May 16th of next year.
And God, why are they making this game?
High School Musical The Game is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2, the Wii, and
the DS on July 11th.
Those are your dates for the week for exclusive stuff.
Real quickly, footy monsters dyin' in chat here wants to know, you know the release date
for Splinter Cell Double Agent on PS2?
Splinter Cell Double Agent?
For the US?
Yeah.
That was actually last week?
For PS2?
Yeah, it came out a week after, after the 360.
So that was last week.
Some other stuff, of course, releases for this week.
We've got lots of big stuff.
This is kind of getting into the whole, you know, kind of end of the year push.
Need for Speed Carbon on pretty much every single system out there except for the PlayStation
3 and Wii, because those are coming out a little bit later.
Of course you've got Children of Mana on the DS, Pokemon Ranger on the DS.
Of course Final Fantasy XII, because that's awesome.
On the 360 you've got F.E.A.R., which is going to be pretty sweet.
I think that was the only 360, oh FIFA Soccer 07, because it's been delayed.
On Xbox, a lot more Racing Mania 2007, awesome.
And of course my favorites on the PSP, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
And if you're not in the Vice City Stories, Death Junior Root of Evil, Killzone Liberation,
Blind Quiz, which is by the guy that did Brain Age, and Power Stone Collection, which is
pretty cool.
So that's a little slice of the stuff coming out, not everything of course.
As far as things coming out much later, it was actually listed in the official Xbox 360
magazine that Bethesda is working on a game that uses the Unreal Engine 3 called Rogue
Warrior.
It's also going to be coming out on PC and PlayStation 3.
It's a multiplayer anti-terrorism game.
It's actually based on books by Richard Marcinko, I think that's how it's pronounced, and being
developed by Zombie Studios.
They worked on Shadow Ops prior.
It has some different modes, including one that generates a map based on what the teams
decide on beforehand, like a cooperative map.
And you're the only one who will know the territory you start off in.
Also has a four player co-op mode, 24 and other multiplayer modes.
Sounds pretty cool, actually, if you like those types of games.
I like Bethesda.
Yeah, I like Bethesda too.
We have a series of oopsie things to report.
There's been a lot of oopsies.
Remember last week, the big, big oopsie with Bubble Bobble on the DS?
Nothing quite that major, but a couple big oopsies nonetheless.
Somebody noticed just now that, I believe this was on NeoGAF, those big forums over
there, noticed that the GameCube Killer7 box, if you look at the back, it points you to
a website, www.killer7.com.
Killer7.com is a porno site.
The correct site should have been killer-7.com.
Are you going to killer7.com right now, Loki?
No, I'm not.
Someone is sending me a private message.
I saw him reach for the keyboard as I said that.
I thought he was going to check that out right now.
Certainly a lot of free publicity for that porno site this week, thanks to Capcom's proofreading
team.
Good job, Capcom.
Some other funny oopsies have been going on, like in Glasgow, because apparently Wii's
out over there, according to some of their clocks, which have been incorrectly set up.
It's their countdown clocks that they have for the Wii, so now it's just saying out now,
but I don't know, big deal.
So someone messed up a clock.
Yeah, it's kind of a weird thing to put on the internet, like, hey, somebody can't set
a clock, that's gaming news.
But I guess some folks are curious what it's going to look like when all is said and done.
Couple website oopsies going on right now.
Walmart was listing the PlayStation 3 for $299.82.
Keep in mind the PlayStation 3 is supposed to cost at least $4.99 for the low one, $5.99
for the high one.
Well, you know they do sell a lot of stuff as lost leaders.
Yeah, but I don't think it's supposed to be that low.
I think someone made a boo-boo.
Someone copied the...
Pulling back prices.
That sounds like the Xbox 360 price right there, $299.82.
Also a late-breaking oopsie we got posted to our forums just before the show, I believe,
Tiger Claw pointed this out, CompUSA was listing a Nintendo Wii for $1,100, and I thought the
Wii was supposed to be the affordable system.
That's Canadian.
Needless to say, someone's getting fired.
Maybe we should make this oopsie thing a regular segment.
There certainly are enough mistakes going on out there.
I don't know what to say about that.
Apparently the Wii thing is still up.
Tiger Claw is posting a link in our chat right now.
Let me go ahead and do that, and I'll paste that in right now.
I know this is wonderful radio here.
Oh yeah, there it is.
Wii console, $1,119.06.
Someone made a little bit of a mistake there.
Good job, CompUSA.
Leaking games early, selling Wiis for a couple of times.
That's got to be one hell of a Wii.
It better have other Wii attachments with it.
Like the Mantennen.
And the Penetrator.
And the Love Hamster.
Every week DarkSakura surfs the internet up and down and left and right and back and forth
and all around, and she finds a website appropriate to share with y'all.
Is it killer7.com, your website of the week this week?
No.
Okay.
She's got a website of the week, and she's going to share it with you right now.
Today's website of the week is the Misadventures of Hello Cthulhu.
It's a really messed up little webcomic that one of my friends in the Doctor Who fandom
linked to me, that's about Cthulhu being dropped in the Hello Kitty universe.
Yes, the Elder God, Cthulhu in the Hello Kitty universe, with ribbons on his tentacles.
It's very funny, and I recommend everybody go read it all the way through, because trust
me, it sort of has continuity, but not really, because it's just messed up, especially when
he turns Keropi into his evil minion, the demon Keropi.
So the site is, and I will link it in the chatroom, www.hello-cthulhu.com, hellokuthulu.com,
with a dash in there.
And it's really messed up, especially also when the shark pirate captain shows up and
they steal his stuff.
Has Batsmaru in it at all, my favorite?
I haven't seen Batsmaru yet, I've seen Pompompurin, and I've also seen the tentacle monster version
of Pompompurin too.
My favorite part is when they go to the island and are attacked by the cheese grater monster.
It's really random, I recommend it.
If you liked Kawaii Knot, Hello Cthulhu is even worse.
Hey, before we get to the next story, I want to point out that Nintendo Maniac 64 in our
chatroom noticed that that amount that they were charging for the Wii on CompUSA, $1,119,
is the release date of the Wii, $1,119.
Good job, good eyes.
So somebody just screwed up when putting things in the database and put the date where the
price goes, and oops, and caused panic amongst game bloggers everywhere.
What can you do?
Well there is a little bit more news that I have for everybody.
Something that may interest somebody in the room, except I think she already knows about
it, is the LocoRoco Halloween demo.
It also comes with a firmware update for the PSP, bringing it to 2.82.
Basically according to our expert friends at Sony, who again, expert is used very loosely,
it has the extras, things that are changed, we think we've covered all this before, but
you don't really need it to play the LocoRoco demo.
You can still play it with 2.71 firmware.
For European gamers, you can download the firmware update from yourpsp.com, or you can
also use the US one, it doesn't really matter.
The LocoRoco demo is available online.
It also has a US and European version.
I wonder if anyone is going to dress up as a LocoRoco for Halloween.
That would be kind of cute.
I'm not.
I'm going to be a pirate.
I don't have a costume picked out yet.
I never pick out my costume until the day of Halloween, actually.
I've got this long wig.
I'm going to be a pirate.
Arr.
Okay, by the way, I made a mistake.
It was actually Black Boy who noticed it first, that the CompUSA screw up.
Nintendo Maniac was just the first to type it in all caps, so I saw it.
Not to encourage you all in chat to type in all caps, damn you.
All right, it's getting towards the end of this segment, so that means it's time to hear
a little bit of new DDR music.
For the past eight weeks, if you can believe it, we have been premiering new songs from
Dance Dance Revolution Universe, which will be coming out on the Xbox 360, sounds like
next year, and DDR Ultramix 4, which I believe is next month.
It's in November.
I believe is when it's coming out, right, Loki?
Ultramix 4 is in November still?
Yes, Ultramix 4 is November 15th, last we heard.
All right.
I think the bundle's delayed a week, which is weird.
They did the same thing with Supernova.
I don't know why.
Hmm.
Maybe.
All right, well, anyway, we have some new songs for you guys, so you can check out some
of the songs you'll be able to dance to in these new games.
We're going to start off this last batch of songs with a song from DDR Universe.
It's a group called Geomancer, and the song is called Hydrasound, and it's going to start
off our previews tonight here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's called Hydrasound, and the song is called Hydrasound, and the song is called Hydrasound,
and the song is called Hydrasound, and the song is called Hydrasound, and the song is
called Hydrasound, and the song is called Hydrasound.
And that was Hydrasound by Geomancer here on the DDR Sneak Peeks on Orange Lounge Radio
coming soon to DDR Universe.
All right, let's go into our next song.
It's from DDR UltraMix 4.
It's by an artist called Steve Porter, and the song is called Sock'em, and it's coming
to DDR UltraMix 4.
All right, let's go into our next song, which is called Sock'em, and the song is called
Hydrasound.
All right, let's go into our next song, which is called Hydrasound.
All right, we're getting down to the end here, and we have our last song we're going to preview
here from DDR Universe, and it's from an artist you might have recognized from the UltraMix
series because this artist showed up in quite a few of the games, or if is has a song in
DDR Universe, and it's called The Hop, and you're going to hear it right now on the DDR
Sneak Peeks on Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, let's go into our next song, which is called Hydrasound.
All right, let's go into our next song, which is called Hydrasound.
And now, the very last song of our DDR previews, and before we get to this, I just want to
say a big thanks to Konami of Hawaii for giving us the opportunity to give you guys something
a little bit special here, obviously.
If you know the history of Orange Lounge Radio, you know that we've always been longtime supporters
of music-based games, and of course, DDR being at the forefront of that, and it's very cool
that Konami took a chance on independent radio with this type of news, so it's very cool,
so thanks guys so much.
And we're going to go into a song here from DDR UltraMix IV, and it's by a group called
Blue October, but it's not the same Blue October.
This is Blue October UK, not the Blue October that sings that,
Hey, Blue October, hey, Blue October.
This band's a lot less emo.
They're on the different drum label.
This is a song called Free, the Liberation Mix, and it's coming to DDR UltraMix IV.
Enjoy.
Blue October UK.
This is Blue October UK, not the Blue October that sings that.
Hey, Blue October, hey, Blue October.
Hey, Blue October, hey, Blue October.
Hey, Blue October, hey, Blue October.
Free, the Liberation Mix, by Blue October UK, here on Orange Lounge Radio, the last
song in our DDR sneak peeks.
And that's going to bring this segment of Orange Lounge Radio to a close.
So did you guys like those songs?
I thought it was pretty good.
I liked that last one, especially.
It was kind of light and airy and trance-y.
It was a little too trance-y.
Yeah, you're not a big trance fan, huh?
You said you liked the one.
What did we play in there?
The Steve Porter one.
You said you liked that one.
Yes?
Dark Saga?
Quit taking pictures with your phone.
You liked the Steve Porter one, though.
Yes?
It was all right.
Yeah?
All right.
Good times.
I'm going to be starting a new feature on our website, by the way, that's going to be
my phone cam picture of the show.
Oh, God.
A very unflattering picture.
You can see me trying to, because now I'm experimenting with facial hair this week.
It's the first time in my life I've tried to grow a beard here, so it's something new.
As far as the DDR sneak previews, I liked the Orifice one.
I've actually met Zonk live, and actually, the Orifice guy is the producer for Zonk,
so yeah, I really liked the Orifice one.
It was really kind of different.
Yeah.
Now, I have to admit, the songs in the previous games weren't so hot to me, but that one I
liked.
I can see myself really playing that one, and I liked Zonk a lot.
I liked their remix of Love This Feelin' that they did previously, so I know it was kind
of a controversial song in the community.
Some folks are like, why did they do that song?
But I liked it, so pretty cool.
All right.
Well, we are going to say goodbye for now, but we'll be back in a little bit with Orange
Lounge Radio Part B. Those of you guys listening live here on Sunday night on orangeloungeradio.com,
or if you're listening to our syndicated run on allgames.com, we'll be right back in a
little bit, but for those of you guys listening on the podcast, you have to wait a couple
days.
Sorry about that, but it's just the way we do things, and we'll be back with Part B right
after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights, and it's podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
