Tonight, October 1, 2006, Microsoft dropped some surprises at X06.
Other uses for your Microsoft points besides Microsoft Arcade.
And will Next Gen Castlevania go back to its roots?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video gaming and gamer culture and the gamer news that
you guys really want to know about, at least the stuff we think you want to know about.
I'm here to help you through that.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, what up?
How you doing?
I'm a little worn out.
A little worn out?
Long day?
I had a busy weekend.
I had a busy weekend too.
It's been crazy.
Yeah.
One of my really, really, really good friends in the whole wide world had his birthday this
weekend, so we were running around.
I wanted to go, but I had already made plans to be in the bay since my hubbies at GameStop
conference.
That's okay.
He was too drunk to remain.
You probably could tell him that you were there and he would remember.
Oh yeah, I was sitting right next to you.
Exactly.
I had a beer.
And just go, you know, you were so drunk.
Oh my God.
Exactly.
All right.
Say hello to the sober for now, Loki.
Hello.
No, just kidding.
Tonight is not a drunk episode and we're being very responsible adults tonight, right, Techmaster
Loki?
Sure.
All right.
Maybe he is drunk and he just didn't say anything.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, we like to always start it off talking about our gaming weeks, so let's get right
into it.
Let's cut the crap and talk games.
Dark Sakura, what have you been playing this week?
I played DDR on Tuesday, just, you know, extreme.
I wanted to go play Supernova, but I don't know how to really get to anywhere in Rockland,
so I just sort of went to Arviggle for the first time in like a year and there was...
We decided to name the Flock of Emo that came in.
There was...
Flock of Emo.
Was that an 80s band?
No, that was a Flock of Seagulls.
Oh yes.
All right.
Flock of Emo is trademarked Megsy.
So one of them was the definite emo kid.
There was the punk girl.
There was the token normal friend, you know, the kind of nerdy person.
Were they all playing DDR?
They were all playing DDR.
Oh wow.
And so I was there with my friend Heather, who's on my LiveJournal, and we had fun.
Speaking of emo, meeting people from LiveJournal, huh?
I had been friends with her through LiveJournal for I guess a year or so, and she's friends
with my cousins-in-law.
She actually hangs out with them regularly, so we just figured let's finally just go hang
out.
So we did.
Cool.
And then we...
I went to...
Oh crap.
I lost my chair, I thought.
Okay.
My friend Tiara.
You all know Tiara, my sauce.
She introduced me to a game called Pirate King Online that's a new MMO.
Right now it's in open beta, and it's cute, and you go around killing things and questing
and getting clothes and making pie.
Oh, that's a different game.
I'm sorry, I was familiar with the other Pirate King, which game I participate on a regular
basis.
Is that like a website where you download pirated files or something?
No, I just...
Oh, you know, I am the Pirate King.
Anyway, and then I spent this entire weekend in the Bay Area with, everyone knows Kristen
by now.
Yeah, she's been on a couple times.
Yeah, she was too tired to come on the show today.
We went to the Castro Street Fair, and it was just so busy and so many people that it
was just like, I'm tired, I'm tired too, let's go get some hot chocolate, okay?
So I really didn't play anything else.
Hmm, interesting.
I played quite a bit this week, and nothing I really, well, there was a bunch of stuff
I had lined up to play, but I never got around to.
You know, the whole hooking up the PlayStation 2 again thing.
I did get to play, well first off, my camera, I replaced the vision camera, and yes it was
defective, got the new one, works great.
So now do you feel bad about bashing the camera last week?
No, I don't, but it's good when it works.
I mean, so now that it's completely clear, I have a personalized picture up, I played
UNO, and I played UNO with the camera, and it's very, I don't know, it can be boring
and I guess weird.
All right, how many people did you show your ass to?
I didn't show my ass to anybody, but someone had their camera pointed towards the ceiling,
they're all, oh yeah, I forgot to unplug it, it had fallen behind like the TV or something,
and then like just another person that was just sitting there, and then just, you know,
someone else.
And you know what sucked, is we only had like three people I think, and the computer player
just kicked all of our asses, so that kind of sucked.
I did win one game though.
Good job.
And then, what else did I play, I played Doom, and Doom was kind of fun, and then Rob dragged
me into a multiplayer game, and the multiplayer game was so laggy as fucking hell.
But I don't know, I haven't played any other additional multiplayer games other than that,
so I couldn't really say if that's like all the other games.
It seems, I seem to have this kind of bad track record with lagging multiplayer games
just from all the, you know, my first Saints Row game was crap, you know, multiplayer wise
was all laggy, and then Doom was all laggy.
So I don't know, it looks fun, so I'll probably try that some more a little bit later.
And then of course Nellie's been playing a lot of Zuma, and I've been playing, you know,
quite a bit of Zuma, and we're pretty far in that.
We actually have achievements, we got the one for 24 hours, which is pretty interesting.
That's kind of sad.
But, she plays a lot, okay.
Seriously, she's been playing 360 more than I have, which is kind of interesting.
Saints Row wise, I actually have been playing through Saints Row, it's pretty fun, and I
tried cheating this week, ooh, food.
But it didn't work like I wanted it to, because you see, you get points, or you get money
accrued to you as time passes in game, and so I was just going to leave the game on and
have my character walk around in circles with the analog stick, you know.
But somehow I knew that I was doing that, and so I didn't get that much money, it just
wasn't coming as fast as I thought it would.
Either way, I found out robbing a bunch of stores in a row is a lot better than just
standing there waiting for time to pass.
I'm going to our always present fourth guest that we have here on Orange Launch Radio,
the chat room over at orangelaunchradio.com, click on chat, and I noticed that Jeremy Todd
says, OMG, Matt is turning Nellie into a gamer.
She loves her PopCap games, and God forbid they release Bejeweled 3, I'll never see the
360 again.
That is a vicious lie!
I will never be a gamer, ever!
I will sell my baby before I do that.
Remind me to shut the door when we tape next time.
No, I did play one other thing.
I got the beta, which is funny because I got this in the mail.
I got the beta for Killzone Liberation, and I don't like it.
I'm sorry.
I don't like what they're doing with the PSP as far as taking these really good first person
shooters and then all of a sudden, look, now it's an isometric 3D third person shooter
game.
It's just not as cool, I'm sorry.
50 Cent Bulletproof sucked, and Killzone, it's just not my type of game, that style.
I would rather it be a first person shooter, like Full Auto 2, well, Full Auto 2 is going
to be probably a first person camera thing, which is coming out on the PSP later on March.
No one's mentioned that yet, no magazines at least, because you know, once it hits the
magazine, then it'll be fact.
We'll get to that later in the show, yes.
Save your angst, please.
Is that it?
Oh, and Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, just stop mentioning it, we know you played
the damn thing, all your work breaks, just get over it.
We keep complaining about it, and we're like, we gotta switch to another game, but I'm confident
that we'll move on to Vice City Stories and hopefully a multiple percenter.
I don't get you, you're the only gamer I know that'll be like, God, I hate this game and
I can't stop playing.
I'm addicted, what can I say?
My Gaming Week, I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff, although I did play Doom, and
Doom, you know, it's interesting, because I don't want to like Doom because of the fact
it's 800 points, because of the fact that the game is basically free on the PC, I mean,
they released the source code some time ago, and for the fact that really, you can play
Doom on the Xbox 360 without downloading it for Marketplace.
Just get a copy of Doom 3 Collector's Edition, because the Doom 3 Collector's Edition had
Ultimate Doom and Doom 2 as playable games in it.
So really the only thing that this new Doom adds is the Xbox Live component, and they,
you know, touch some things up.
They say the graphics are improved, but, you know, come on, it's still the pixelated wonder
we all remember from the old PC days.
But that being said, I do love Doom.
I do love me some Doom, an awful lot.
Yes, Jamie?
It just has ultra-violence and hurt me plenty, and I love the titles of the difficulty levels.
Yes, I mean, it still has all that wonder that made it such a great game in the 90s,
and I'll tell you what, there really is something to be said, because I used to play this game
on my slow-ass 486 computer, and I would have to shrink the window down to get a decent
frame rate.
You know, I'm squinting on this little 15-inch monitor to play Doom, and now I'm playing
it on my, like, my new TV that's, like, 32-inch, you know, high def.
I know some of you guys have bigger TVs, but just bear with me here.
You know, that big, huge screen and high def, it's, there's something to be said about that.
The game actually scared me today.
I turned around, and one of those little imp things that looks like that creature from
Signs that ran by, forget it, but that thing scared the hell out of me, and I'm like, ah,
I shouldn't get scared at this.
These things are pixelated and not supposed to freak me out, but it did, and so I think
there's still something to be said about the fact that Doom still has that, you know, charm
and has lasted all these years.
Xbox Live is hit and miss.
Sometimes I get into a quick match game, and I've played some death match, and it works
pretty well, but, like, I played a game with a listener and Loki, and it was laggy as hell,
so I don't know if one of us just had a bad connection or what was going on, but that
kind of made me sad, but, you know, I don't know.
If Xbox Live Play is something that interests you, if having this game on your TV set is
something that interests you, then it's a decent buy, and you want to get achievement
points or whatever, then cool, but otherwise, you know, maybe you ought to just download
the one that's on the computer if you just want to play Doom and you don't really care
about where you do it.
Do the cheats work?
I don't know.
I haven't plugged in my keyboard.
No.
Did you?
It doesn't work?
No, I read it somewhere, though.
Lame.
I'd have to try it out for myself, though, because, what was it?
IDDQD was god mode, and IDNRA, no, that was, NRA was hexen.
So somebody tried plugging in the keyboard and doing it because we thought about it,
we just, oh, that sucks.
Can you use the keyboard as a controller?
I don't know.
That I have to try.
I wonder if the chatroom knows the answer.
I'm sorry, I can't play Doom with a controller.
No, it actually really works for me.
I can move around in ways I couldn't before with the keyboard.
The keyboard, if you know your side step toggles and everything, it shouldn't be a problem.
There will be people that are keyboard for life.
A lot of PC gamers, if they're mostly the type that games on PC exclusively, they're
going to probably be keyboard for life, but they've gotten used to that.
I still haven't really, I don't know.
I can do it in World of Warcraft, but I can't really do it in Doom as well.
The other kid was IDBFG, I think.
Sorry.
Yeah, that's, I forgot how much I hate the BFG in multiplayer.
I really, really hate the BFG in multiplayer.
Thank you to, thanks to Jaded2006's IDDQD, IDKFA was the one I was trying to think of,
IDKLAV, and IDBFG will give you the BFG.
Nice.
Now our whole chatroom is going off.
My game was hexen.
I was really.
Now that I would like to see come out on the Marketplace.
If you type in Satan, you get god mode.
Rise of the Triad.
DMN will agree with you.
And also, I was really hoping they'd release Duke Nukem 3D.
I wish.
I really hope that happens.
I want someone to do a Quake hack and turn it into Silent Hill.
You know, that's too bad that we can't load those custom-made Doom WAD files on the Xbox
Live Marketplace.
Wouldn't that be cool, like if they released some of the best ones, like just add-ons in
the marketplace?
I had Gachamon Doom, and I would play the hell out of that.
Uber nerd.
I love Gachamon.
I love Uber nerd.
We had, my favorite one was Killing Barney, where Barney was the final boss.
I remember that one.
Was that a Wolfenstein hack?
No, they had both.
All right.
There's also a Quake one too.
All right, anyway, moving on from Doom, I can talk about DDR Supernova now.
DDR Supernova is great, I mean, if you're into DDR, I don't think there's anything new
here that's going to win somebody who hasn't really played DDR before into this game, although
you know, just like every other DDR before it, it has beginner modes and things you can
learn on.
Konami took some risks with the song list, but I think they paid off.
I rather enjoy the song list, and when I say they took risks, I mean they didn't do a carbon
copy of the arcade machine, which I think a lot of people were expecting, but I found
some of the new steps and the new songs to be quite pleasant.
I did find it really interesting that they had some of the songs that were just now put
into the arcade mix, well it was like Fascination, the Eternal Love thing, which to be honest,
that was about as interesting to me as Paranoia Survivor and Paranoia Survivor Max.
You know what, a lot of love out there though for Fascination, the Eternal Love mix, a lot
of love out there on the forums for it, so you have your opinion, they have theirs.
As far as the rest of the game, it's obvious that Konami has listened to a lot of the bitches
that people had about EX2, especially when it came to Dance Master mode, because this
new Stellar Magic mode is kind of neat.
It's a little bit different.
I wouldn't say it's necessarily easier, but it does seem like you can get your unlocks
a little bit easier than you could previously, except the uber hard stuff, but the uber hard
stuff is supposed to be uber hard to get, so you just have to work for it.
Otherwise I rather like the game, I would recommend it certainly to any DDR fan and
folks that are into music games at all, I think it is one of the better DDR mixes they
have released on PlayStation 2.
I don't know, I still have a place in my heart for Max 2 though, so I don't know if I could
call it the best, but it's definitely one of my favorites, and certainly much better
than like Max 1 and Extreme War, it's certainly on the upper end of PlayStation 2 DDR mixes,
so I do recommend it for DDR fans, and if you hate DDR, well then you're probably going
to hate Supernova, so there's nothing new for you here, move along.
Other than that, I've been playing a lot of the same old stuff, I was playing 99 Nights
for a little bit, I was watching my friend play Enchanted Arms, because I haven't been
playing it a lot, but I've been watching my friend play through that while I play World
of Warcraft on the Mac, and I went back to Beatmania 2DX, because Loki gave me that second
controller, so I was like, ooh, I can play doubles now!
I really suck at doubles, because I've lost a lot of my 2DX skill in general, like I'm
just barely passing some sevens, I used to be able to get some of the flashing sevens
out and things, but I'm working my way up on doubles, doubles is fun, it's kind of renewing
my interest in 2DX all over again, so I'll have to get some of the newer styles.
The newest one I have is Night Style, isn't that sad?
There's been like 10th, 11th, and Happy Sky, or 10th Red and Happy Sky on the way.
I've played the Pirate King game, and I've gotten Red, and I'm actually looking at more
of the Guitar Freaks games like V, and the Silver Collection, or whatever it is, some
import one.
But next week though, I was hoping to have a review for it this week, Earth Defense Force
2 is the game I'm going to be playing, which for those who may have seen some of the stuff
coming from Tokyo Game Show, Earth Defense Force 3 was the first Simple 2000 game that's
going to be on the Xbox 360, so I've got to play the one before it, because that one's
not out yet.
I have to talk about as well some of the Xbox 360 bringing it home demos and trailers that
I downloaded.
I played the Fusion Frenzy 2 demo, which you gave a negative review on last week's show.
I didn't think it was that bad, I just think the demo's pretty quick.
There's really only three mini games to play, but the demo's not supposed to give away the
whole game, so I thought it was presented well and might make a decent game.
Maybe in a party game environment that'd be cool, but playing single player sucks.
Exactly, single player sucks, but Mario Party single player sucks too.
So I think Fusion Frenzy 2 has potential to be pretty good, so the demo is kind of one
of those wait and see things.
I'm going to wait and see how much the full version costs and make a decision from there.
I did see a demo from Tokyo Game Show of a game I want to play.
What's that?
Project Silphied.
Mmm.
It's pretty...
I also got to see the demo for, what was it, White Knight for PS3, but it actually could
convince me to buy one.
Really?
$49.99 is what Fusion Frenzy, let's see, that's a little high for me.
I don't know.
I don't know enough party game things at the house to justify that.
It's kind of one of those things maybe after Christmas it'll drop to $29.39.
It's really bad timing too because it's coming out, what, a couple weeks before the Wii?
That thing's spring party game.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know about Fusion Frenzy.
I'll tell you this, I definitely know about this one though and I'm sorry because it's
probably going to make some people cry, but the Sonic the Hedgehog demo came out on 360.
It's awful.
I told you all!
It's absolutely horrible.
Didn't I tell everybody?
Well, yeah, I played the one on PlayStation 3 and that was god-awful.
I played the Xbox.
They had it out on the floor at E3.
See, I didn't bother to play the Xbox 360 one at that time because I hated the PS3 one.
I hunted it down just to see if it was going to break my heart any less.
And it's pretty much the same demo they had at E3, by the way, which is not in the marketplace
now.
The control was like, I love my Dreamcast one.
I'm going to go play it as soon as I get home to cleanse my heart.
I can't explain why Sonic the Hedgehog has just gone so awful with this new one.
Somebody pointed out to me, I want to say it was in an email or something, I think it
was Rob sent me this, our friend on the East Coast, Rob, I want to say something that's
an email, something about, you know, the test drive unlimited demo wasn't that hot either
and the final game was pretty decent, but I don't know.
I don't know if there's much that can save this Sonic.
I mean, the controls are awful.
Trying to manipulate Sonic was just bad.
Where did Sonic go wrong?
Because Sonic hasn't been this bad in 3D before, because I remember the last one they had on
GameCube wasn't that bad.
It was even okay on, do you remember the Sonic collection that came out on the Saturn, had
the 3D running around the world bit in it?
That was better control than...
It's awful.
You have to download this just to see how far downhill the series has gone.
It's kind of sad.
It almost feels like they tried to retool the engine or something, but...
They're just trying to figure out, you know, how they can, because Sonic is just, you know,
it's been the same game all the time, they're trying to really, trying to re-jump, you know,
jubilize the whole franchise, because you had Shadow the Hedgehog, which they were trying
to go a different way with it, and it sucked.
It sold horribly.
And then you have Sonic Riders, which, you know, it's a pretty fun racing game, but that
one actually did pretty well.
Now Sonic the Hedgehog, the problem is, I think now you've got, where it's trying, I
don't even know what the, it's like, not even close to what the original Sonic the Hedgehog
games were.
I mean, as far as the storyline and everything, now you're trying to like, throw in elements
almost like a Final Fantasy or something like that?
I don't know.
And then, you know, all these new characters with each game and stuff, it's just kind of
crazy.
Plus, now that the systems are even faster and they can crunch the graphics even faster,
so Sonic is even faster.
But the problem is, he doesn't control any better, so you have the same kind of control
and response time as you did on the Sonic games that were slower, now that the thing
is like, lightning fast, it's really hard to control.
I'm going to the chat room and reading some of the comments here on Sonic demo.
Footy Monster says, Wanna save Sonic?
Go back to Sonic Adventure 2.
Funny Dale says, Well, you know, the last few Sonic games sucked ass as well.
You know, not this bad though.
I mean, nothing to me has matched the greatness of the old Genesis ones, Sonic 1, 2, and 3,
and Sonic Spinball, of course.
Nothing has really matched that for me, but like, even the last few ones, whereas they
weren't that good, they weren't this bad.
Sonic Adventure is probably about the, I'd have to say the pinnacle of the whole 3D tribe.
And you know, I feel bad because I don't want to review a game based off the demo, but the
reality is, if you're going to put this demo on Marketplace so people can sample the game,
people are going to make decisions about the game based off this demo.
And I was excited about Sonic the Hedgehog for Next Gen, but now I am absolutely not.
You were forgotten, by the way.
Sonic CD.
Well, it's been like four months since the E3 demo came out, and it hasn't really improved
since then, so that kind of, either a couple things happened, one, they just didn't have
time to make a new demo, so they just put out the E3 demo, or two, the game hasn't really
improved since then.
All right, well if you're a fan of the new Sonic game, maybe there's something about
it we're missing.
We'd love to hear from you.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We're always willing to hear some difference of opinions.
We might say you're wrong, wrong, wrong, but no, we'll definitely read your emails on them.
Now, Jamie, did you see SmackDown vs. RIO 7?
I actually found the story on that that we're going to be discussing.
Oh, cool.
Well, I guess we'll get into the news since we're starting to touch on some of the things
we wanted to talk about tonight, and the first thing in tonight's gaming news is, of course,
as we talked about in our gaming weeks, Doom came out on Xbox Live.
What was somewhat interesting about the way Doom came out on Xbox Live is that it was
very stealth.
Microsoft had said that there was a secret project they were working on, and a really
big series was coming to Xbox Live, and some other folks had speculated that the series
was Lode Runner.
You remember the old school game Lode Runner?
I remember it on Commodore 64, but it was on a bunch of old school platforms, and a
lot of people were convinced that was it.
Well, it turns out that's not it, at least right now.
I mean, who's to say?
That could come out in the future.
It looks like Doom was the secret game that Microsoft was hinting at, and they did one
of those things where they came out and said, Doom is coming out on Xbox Live Marketplace
right now.
Go download it, and it really caught a lot of people off guard.
I think some websites that morning caught wind of what was going on.
Probably somebody broke the embargo that Microsoft had no doubt placed, but for all realistic
purposes, a less than 24-hour leak is really not bad in this day and age, so they really
kept a lid on it.
Yeah, a certain website we don't like to talk about broke the embargo.
Oh, well, whatever.
Good for them.
So anyway, of course, Doom Live supports multiplayer on one screen or on multiple screens via Xbox
Live.
It is Doom 1, not Doom 2, and some people would say Doom 2 is the superior game, but
who knows?
If this is out now and does well, I'd say Doom 2 is just a matter of time.
But as a reminder, if you have the Doom 3 Collector's Edition, you already can play
Doom on the Xbox 360, but of course with this, you get achievements, slightly improved graphics,
and the Xbox Live play.
Next, we'll see Quake 2, because that was on Quake 4, except it had achievements, but
you didn't get any points for it.
How about Quake 1 with the original Trent Reznor music?
That would be kind of fun.
That would be really fun.
I was also surprised that Doom 1 was only 22 megabytes to download, but then again,
I guess that's probably how big it was back then.
Back then, my hard drive was only like 100 megabytes, so it was a huge game at the time.
So you know, it's just kind of interesting how far technology has come in the past.
I remember spanning floppies with that thing.
Yeah.
So we'll see.
Maybe some future ID software games coming next.
Who knows?
We'll see.
Well, as far as things that we need to see about, our dear, dear director friend Peter
Jackson has decided that he's got his interest stuck in the Xbox 360 as a new medium for
storytelling.
And he said that his team at Wingnut Studios is working with Microsoft to co-design and
co-produce an original chapter in the Halo stories with Bungie.
They haven't named it or anything yet, but the quote says here, to captivate a new audience
that has yet to discover the power of interactive entertainment, Microsoft has built an amazing
living canvas with Xbox 360 and Xbox Live, which allows the storytellers of our time
to express themselves in a new medium.
I think that's pretty neat.
It's good that big names are starting to recognize exactly just the basically limitless freedom
that a video game will give them in terms of creativity.
I think it's kind of interesting.
I can't claim to be the world's hugest fan of Lord of the Rings.
Don't get me wrong.
I thought the movies were good, but I think this is really neat and it sort of to me legitimizes
gaming in a way.
I mean, here you have this Oscar-winning director coming over and saying, hey, I'm going to
make a game.
It's a little different than previous attempts to kind of bring Hollywood into games a little
more.
Does anyone remember Apocalyptico?
Was that the name of the game?
No, that's that movie.
Apocalyptico is a string quartet.
Sorry, I'm thinking of the Mel Gibson movie.
No, there was a game on PS1 with Bruce Willis.
Was it Apocalypse?
I think it was Apocalypse.
Something like that.
That game was not so hot.
Well, the movie was not so hot.
It wasn't based on a movie.
Wasn't it?
I don't think so.
No, it wasn't.
Wasn't Bruce Willis in a movie called Apocalypse?
I don't know.
It was where they had to go drill a hole in the meteor?
No, you're thinking of Armageddon.
Armageddon.
Same difference.
Oh, my God.
No, this is different.
This was like a...
I don't know, but anyway.
Just to expand...
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
There was a little bit more, yeah.
Just to expand, Wingnut Studios, as I referred to earlier, is Peter Jackson's new entertainment
studio that has his movie team and Microsoft's gaming division working together.
I thought that was pretty cool, too.
A comment from our chat room here.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, Didn't Peter Jackson help in making the King Kong game?
That game wasn't that bad.
Peter Jackson is probably my favorite movie director.
I haven't played the King Kong game.
I do believe he had a hand in it, actually.
Well, he probably had to give some type of approval to it because it is his movie and
it had his name in the title, so...
Yeah, but I don't know if he actually worked on the game.
I doubt it was that same level of involvement that he's going to have with this Halo project.
I have this theory that he probably saw it in progress, was really inspired, and said,
hey, I want to be a part of something else.
That's a distinct possibility.
Yeah.
I mean, that's how half of anybody really gets into anything is they have to be introduced
to it first, right?
Mm-hmm.
Well, some other cool stuff came out about the Halo franchise during X06.
Unfortunately, nothing about Halo 3 because they said, later on this year, you'll hear
something, you know, which will probably be even timed with the PlayStation 3 launch or
something like that.
But anyways, one very interesting thing, which kind of ties in with the whole story we had
last week about the real-time strategy Halo mod that was coming out and how it had been
cancelled and basically pulled by Microsoft, and Bungie said, hey, stop making this.
Well...
Cease and Desist.
Yes.
Wonderful Cease and Desist.
Well, it comes, you know, it came out that they're actually making a Halo RTS type of
game called Halo Wars.
It's being put together by Ensemble Studios and Bungie.
Ensemble, you might remember, did the Age of Empires series.
So it should be pretty cool looking and kind of by the looks of the trailer that also hit
the Xbox Live Marketplace, it looks very Starcraft-ish.
So it should fill that void a little bit, at least.
That'll be if I want to play on live, I bet.
Yeah.
That'd be hugely popular.
I think so.
I think they're trying to almost grab the same audience of Starcraft with this.
Now, I have a question for you guys.
Do you think that this could be, you know, with this Peter Jackson project and Halo Wars
and Halo 3 on the horizon, is this too much Halo?
Are we headed for an oversaturation of Halo in the market?
No.
No.
Because the timeframe that these games are coming out with, this, you know, one that
Peter Jackson's probably working on, probably won't even see it next year, if you know anything.
So you have like Halo 3 coming out, probably then Halo Wars coming out a little bit later
on, maybe early 2008 or something, and then this Peter Jackson one coming out at the end
of 2008 or 2009.
Do you think, and this is just a thought that just occurred to me, because remember when
you gave us that huge thing, that list in episode 198 when you went to the, you know,
they had the sales people come to your work and everything, one of the things you said
is that Halo 3, surprise, surprise, is coming out in April or May, right?
And a lot of March or April.
I'm sorry, March or April.
A lot of people are still very skeptical about that release, but could this be now that we
know that there's another Halo project being worked on?
Because everybody was saying, oh, Halo 3's got to be Christmas, Halo 3's got to be Christmas.
Is it possible that now Halo Wars is their Christmas title, and Halo 3 is indeed going
to make the March or April release?
It's possible.
Speculation.
I don't know.
Did you see the story this week about, what was it, amazon.com had Halo 3 pre-orders and
the release date was March 31st, which I thought was interesting, but, you know, who knows.
We'll see what happens.
Now, again, and I hate reading from the same person consistently, but everybody else is
doing flooding in our chat room right now, Jeremy Tom 1 says, Bungie is turning into
EA.
They are starting to put new Halo games out every year and seriously milking the franchise.
Wrong.
I don't think any Halo 06 or Halo 07 are actually mixing things up instead of just updating
roster.
I don't really agree with the comments to an extent either.
I don't think they're necessarily milking the franchise.
If the games are good, the games are good, no matter what they're based on.
If we see Halo Party or something like that, then yeah, okay, there's a problem, but I
think right now we're pretty fine with the amount of Halo content that's out there.
When you think about it, what, there's been like two games so far and now a possible third
and then we're adding a couple more to the franchise, that's not really overkill yet.
It's not like Final Fantasy or Mario or anything like that.
That's true and Tweak says every year, there's two.
It's not like there's a lot on the horizon.
You're right, it's not something like Final Fantasy where you have the game and now they're
doing what, like three different spin-offs of Final Fantasy XII and XIII and then you
got the tactical games and the Crystal Chronicles games, but I'm not saying that's a bad thing
because most of those Final Fantasy games have been pretty darn good games, so it's
not necessarily a bad thing.
As long as they keep the quality up, that's all that matters.
In fact, Final Fantasy Tactics is one of the few tactical games that held my attention,
I'm just not really into tactical games usually.
Why hasn't there been a new Final Fantasy Tactics?
Because Square Enix has bastard people working for them.
Just kidding, just kidding.
Alright, anyway, another news that came out of X06, it's of note, no pun intended, Guitar
Hero 2 has finally been confirmed for the Xbox 360.
We've been speculating this for weeks and weeks, so this really shouldn't be big news,
but it was confirmed officially.
There's a new controller coming out as well.
Despite news reports that were based off some pictures that were taken at X06, the controller
is not wireless.
There's no word yet if the controller will be wireless or not, if there will be a wireless
version.
I kind of hope there's not.
If there is, I hope they offer a wired version still, because wireless means more money,
and the last thing I want to have to spend on Guitar Hero is more money.
It's not, and that's because it's a requirement that they have for their third party peripheral
makers that it has to be wired, which is weird because I thought that they had wireless controllers
made by like Mad Cats and stuff, but I guess when it comes down to these weird guitar controllers
or dance pads that come, it's got to be wired, so I don't know.
Also with it being a music game and stuff, you probably don't want wireless even though
granted, Microsoft may be able to pull off the wireless controllers without lag, but
I don't think third parties can, so.
I have to be honest, and I don't know how you guys feel about this, but now that I know
this news, I don't really want to pick up Guitar Hero on PS2 when it comes out.
I'm going to wait for the 360 one.
That's kind of sad.
Because if it's going to have the microtransactions and the next gen graphics, and I've pretty
much been starting to play Xbox 360 more and more, and I know I'll be playing Wii more and
more when that comes out, and eventually when I finally decide to buy one, PlayStation 3,
you know, I'll kind of be phasing out the old gen games, I don't know if I really want
to pick up Guitar Hero 2 on PS2.
I don't know.
Do you guys feel similar?
I would have personally have announced this at the end of the year instead of...
And then make us feel really screwed.
That would have been great.
It's a way to make more money.
Exactly.
I guess that's true.
Jamie, what do you think?
I know you're a Guitar Hero fan.
Are you going to purchase the one on PlayStation 2?
Are you going to hold out for this one or what?
Why don't I just get them both?
I forgot.
You're a whore for everything.
Gaming.
Gaming.
I don't see where the debate is.
I have both systems, I should have both games, especially if they do something different
for one than the other.
I honestly, my preference would be to have it on Xbox 360 if they're not doing anything
different for it, because I would rather not have like jaggedy edges, and I'd rather have
better sound capability and more processing power, and the ability to potentially download
more songs.
Exactly.
For me, it's like Karaoke Revolution on Xbox versus PlayStation 2.
I love the PlayStation 2, and it's great, but when you put the two platforms side by
side in a game like Karaoke Revolution, I could download more songs on the Xbox version,
and I could use my regular microphone as the microphone.
It kind of worked better on Xbox, and I have a feeling Guitar Hero 2 is going to be a little
better on 360 just because of the additional things that the 360 natively supports.
I need to completely tell Jaded2006 that, you're wrong, there are a lot, there's a lot
of graphical detail.
In fact, all the character models, they put a lot of work into them, the animations.
If you look at all the stuff that goes on on the stage in the backgrounds of these areas,
they're actually pretty darn good.
Oh, did he say that the Guitar Hero doesn't have that great graphics?
It just doesn't have that much in the way of graphics in the first place.
Yeah, it does.
DDR is just a bunch of movies playing in the background with edit character dancing.
This actually has a whole lot that went into it.
Which is actually part of the reason it did so well is because it really kind of had that
silly quality to it that kind of puts you there, you know what I mean?
Having all that stuff and the crowd and everything kind of did something for the game in a way
the guitar freaks didn't, you know what I mean?
I guess what I actually liked about it is that it sort of incorporated the things I
liked about Karaoke Revolution, you know, where you have the stage and the whole contest
thing and, you know, sort of like puts a little bit more into the game.
I thought it was like, yeah, let's go ahead and rock out here.
I thought that that was pretty cool, it added a great deal of fun to the game.
Our good buddy Bobby Blackwolf, his own show is over at AllGames.com on Sunday nights,
5 o'clock Pacific.
He says, it hit me, or it finally hit me that now I have to buy another guitar even though
I already have the PlayStation 2 one.
Yeah.
Wah wah.
Somewhere you're hearing that in the background.
You know how we felt trying to do second player with the guitar freaks controller?
Yeah.
Well now you guys know how we feel, you know, being DDR fans about all these DDR pads for
the different platforms, too.
It's like, God, I have five DDR pads.
They just get the multi-pad.
But even then, the Red Octane one, the last one they did, it doesn't support 360, so there's
going to be another pad that comes out I'm going to have to get for freaking Universe.
Yeah.
Oh well.
And you know they're not going to just go, let's support the USB pad from Red Octane.
Let's do that.
Let's do that favor.
Yeah.
No, it's not going to happen.
All right.
I do like the 360 guitar that looks like a Thunderbird, but anyway, we have a little
bit more.
Now, I don't know if all our listeners know this, but I am a closet wrestling fan, so
there is a demo for SmackDown versus Raw available on Xbox Live Marketplace for the 2007 version.
Also joining that is Tony Hawk's Project 8, Wheelman, Frontlines, Fuel of War, and Crossfire,
and the montage thing, which I actually haven't watched yet.
Also for our listeners who are in France, Italy, Germany, or Spain, if you miss the
Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion download content, it is back up for 150 Microsoft points a piece,
but I want my wrestling.
Yeah, they had some pretty good videos up on Live Marketplace.
Some interesting stuff also coming from X06, of course, a lot to even mention, but of course
they announced that Splinter Cell 5, the one after Double Agent, is going to be exclusive
to the 360, which I thought was pretty interesting.
Bioshock, the very amazing looking game, is going to be a 360 exclusive, which is coming
out in April, by the way, and also on the Windows platform.
The game looks amazing, so if you haven't checked out the video yet, please do yourself
a favor and check it out now.
Some surprises, I should say, Banjo-Kazooie, they announced a new game in that franchise
for the 360, some not so big surprises, Project Gotham Racing 4 was being worked on, and they
had a very generic looking trailer for that.
But the trailer was a joke, I mean it was nothing but, it was kind of like the Simpsons
teaser trailer, well at least that was funny, I mean it had a gag in it, but you know there
really wasn't anything to it, you know what I mean, it's just kind of like, the game's
coming, soon, I mean but the Halo 3 teaser trailer was like, ooh, you know, I am the
future, you know, that whole thing.
That's how you do a teaser trailer.
There will be an MMO coming to the Xbox 360 with Marvel Universe Online, which is supposed
to be kind of a sequel to, what was it, oh I'm drawing a mental blink now, I was going
to say, you know, Phantasy Star Universe is coming too, that's an MMO, but, well no, City
of Heroes, it seems to be working together on that, and they'll also be hitting Windows
as well, and it's even being worked on by Cryptic Studios, the, of course, creators
of City of Heroes.
And then finally, the last bit of info they talked about was the HD DVD player for the
Xbox 360, it's going to be priced at $199 in North America, with pretty much equivalent
pricing in the rest of the world, and they will be including a free copy, not to be surprising
after the whole announcement of Peter Jackson working on Halo of King Kong, as well as Universal
Remote.
That's a good movie to test your player on, because it's a nice, good, long, very long,
very overly long sample movie to include to test on the HD DVD player.
So yeah, lots of good stuff coming out.
I like the movie, it was just nice.
There was some other announcements, I think, that have already been made before about how
Rockstar is going to be making exclusive content for the Xbox 360 version of Gran Turismo 4,
which is not a huge, I mean, it's big, but, I mean, we already know that, and yeah, there's
lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of games and trailers, and they showed off Half-Life
2, and that looked pretty and stuff.
Now out of curiosity, did Rockstar say that they weren't doing something similar on
PlayStation 3, I mean, I know they said these episodes or whatever were exclusive for 360,
but if PlayStation 3 supports microtransactions, which after last week's Gran Turismo thing
we know it's going to, what's to say that they won't cook up different scenarios for
the PlayStation 3, and it'll be, you know, here's...
Or additional two, these two.
Or, you know, some different scenarios that are going to be on PlayStation 3, so it's
like, it's that whole, you know, Soul Calibur 2, play with Link on the GameCube, play with,
you know, Spawn on the Xbox all over again, you know?
Something a little different.
We don't know a whole lot about, you know, the PlayStation 3 marketplace or whatever,
so they might be running into other obstacles, you know, with this type of stuff, because
if you notice, a lot of like companies, I know Sega for Virtua Tennis 3 actually took
out online play on it, for the PlayStation 3 version, because apparently they're running
into some difficulties, so yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if you see something, especially
if the marketplace is taken off, you know, after the PlayStation 3 launches.
I mean, Grand Theft Auto 4 is just going to be the next big thing.
I mean, it's just huge, so yeah, I can't wait.
Yeah, Saints Row's popularity is any indication.
I think 360 players are really eager for some Grand Theft Autos, so it should be interesting.
Saints Row will whet the appetite for now, but I can't wait.
All right, we'll see.
Well, now the only news to come out this week wasn't just about the Xbox.
I mean, granted, we have a lot of Xbox news because they had, you know, their big X06,
but there are some news on the other consoles.
One thing I want to say about the PlayStation 3, according to Bloomberg, Sony is going to
be launching a massive PlayStation 3 marketing campaign.
Now, they're going to have demo kiosks in five times as many stores as the PlayStation
2.
Yeah, the PlayStation 2 had about 3,000 demo stations.
The PlayStation 3 is supposedly going to have like 10,000 up to maybe 15,000 demo stations,
so that's like five times as many if it's 15,000, which is kind of weird when you consider
that there's supposed to be that big console shortage they're going to have at launch,
so it's like, you know, you could be putting some of that into producing extra consoles,
but whatever.
I mean, they're not saying that all five times of this is going to hit it once, so who knows?
Maybe they're running all off of the rack mount servers.
Maybe that's what they're going to use them for afterwards.
Who knows?
Actually, it might not be a bad idea.
Who knows?
That just was so pitiful.
Well, I mean...
I know.
I know.
I know.
You've got to do what you've got to do.
Three steps in the right direction because they're going to need to market the hell out
of this thing to convince people, here's why you need to spend $600 on this.
Well, you said it right there, and I mean, even the most fanboy of Sony has to admit,
you know, Sony needs to show us and the casual gamer why you want to spend $600 on this system,
so they do need to put it out.
It should be demoing Blu-ray movies and some hot trailers of PS3 exclusives, put some Metal
Gear Solid demos on there, you know, something like that, and really sell the hell out of
your system, and that might help you.
Well, actually, this is sort of related to something actually that was just given to
me not a few moments ago from our chat room, if that's fine.
Sure.
PSM got an actual PlayStation Magazine got an actual fully functional PS3 console delivered
to them.
Hmm.
That's not too surprising.
Well, yeah, it is PSM, so that makes sense.
But I think it's pretty funny that they, you know, they're actually starting to get these
out now to, you know, I guess they're VIPs.
They shouldn't have sent it without games because, you know, they said, you know, the
PS3, you'll buy it even if it doesn't have games because it's PlayStation.
There's a reflection of MotorStorm showing on the console in this picture.
It's pretty, pretty fun.
Hmm.
But anyway, as far as other systems coming out, Walmart, yes, everybody's favorite, you
know, low-price store of crappy goods.
Hey, but don't laugh at my picture.
I get decent stuff there once in a while.
It's not my favorite place to shop, but, you know.
I got the best shirt there.
It says, I love pirates and has a pirate ship on the butt.
But anyway, Walmart is considering not using the Wii demo station at their stores because
of the risk of a child or consumer using the Wii mote like a real nunchuck.
It's just stupid.
Do they have that little faith in the quality of their patrons that they're going, oh, we're
going to go hitting each other with the Wii mote?
Have you been to Walmart recently?
Yes.
I mean, maybe it's not so far off.
Maybe it is something you need to consider.
But I'm thinking, they've had the iToy for PS2 demoed there and that's one of those games
that encourages you to flap your arms about.
Flapping, hitting somebody with your hand, you know, just by accident is a lot different
than smacking somebody in the head with a piece of hard plastic.
Yeah, but won't they have the hard plastic on some type of chain or it's only going to
have a limited range anyway?
I don't give the, you know, corporate powers that be at Walmart that much mental.
You're going to end up getting broken or stolen.
I honestly am not surprised, but that just means that people will go to places other
than Walmart to buy their Wii, won't it?
Not really, because you may not have an option in some parts of the nation.
People will just go to other parts, you know, other stores to demo the Wii and they can
buy it at Walmart because they're the low-priced leader, of course.
They're also the low-quality leader, too.
Hi, Walmart!
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Launch Radio do not pass.
The one good thing about Walmart is that when I lived in Alabama, Super Walmart was open
24 hours and I had somewhere to go when I was bored, other than Denny's.
Wow.
Walmart.
You know what?
When I was in college in Chico, it was the same thing.
We'd go to Walmart because we were bored and they were open 24 hours.
Sad.
Basically, this is before I even heard of Eddie Izzard.
We would do the Eddie Izzard Theory of Shopping, where you just grab stuff, move it around,
and then leave, because that's illegal!
Anyways, some other stores that I used to like to go to at least as a kid, Toys R Us.
What happened to Toys R Us?
So sad.
Really?
I actually sometimes do my gaming shopping there.
They have Jeffrey Chang in the basement.
Combine Kids R Us and Toys R Us and Babies R Us, it's less Toys R Us and more Toddler
Craft.
Pampers.
Well, they still have a pretty decent video gaming section, I've got to say, and if you've
ever been to Toys R Us and Times Square, it's hot.
Some of those big, big Toys R Us's are hot.
Okay, well I haven't been there.
But anyways, one of the things that they had, of course, is their holiday list of must-have
items, and of course, on the list was the Nintendo Wii.
What wasn't on the list?
The PlayStation 3.
The reason behind this is a couple things.
One, the PlayStation 3 is really geared towards savvy gaming enthusiasts, whereas the Nintendo
Wii is basically going to appeal to young kids as well, as adults.
The other thing is, one of their criteria for making this list is knowing that they're
going to have a sufficient stock for the item during the holiday season, which we know that
the PlayStation 3, that will not be the case.
Very interesting.
I do see this, I think the Wii would kind of mesh very well with Toys R Us.
It seems to be the same kind of clientele.
Alright, well as Loki was saying, part of the reason that Toys R Us maybe put the Wii
on their list is that they're not expecting to have a shortage.
Nintendo has confirmed they are going to be shipping one million units of the Wii in North
America on November 19th, and when I say North America, that means US and Canada, so you
Canadians will get some lovin' from Nintendo too, so no worries.
Because actually the news came from Nintendo of Canada's Vice President, saying we're looking
at a million units for North America at launch.
You may remember that previously our dear friend Reggie said that four million Wiis will
be out by the end of the year, the majority of them for North America, and now it's confirmed
that about one million are going to hit North America.
And I'm expecting probably another million by the end of the year.
Now there was a late update that suggests that perhaps there might even be more than
a million that hit on launch day, because you know what I'm thinking, with as huge as
people are expecting this to be, a million may not be enough.
I would still think they're going to be sold out.
Even with a million, they're going to be sold out some places.
I think they're going to be sold out no matter what, but at least they're going to have
a million units, and a million is a good number to put out there.
It's a safe number instead of saying, we're going to have four billion units at launch,
just shipping only four, you know?
I don't know.
It should be pretty cool.
Some of the cool stuff about the Wii, though, came out this week.
So talking a little bit about some of the Wii channels, including the Wii message board
and the new one that I haven't heard of at least, Play History, which Play History is
going to be sort of similar to the, kind of like what the 360 has, where you can see the
games that people have played and stuff.
But I think they're even going to go into greater detail with that, because originally
the Play History was supposed to be a way for parents to be able to limit the amount
of gaming kids would have.
So you'd be able to shut the console off after a certain amount of hours and stuff.
Apparently that didn't work out too well, so this came to be instead.
So Play History will actually be, you know, charting a bunch of different stats, of course,
the majority being your game playing time.
Now the Wii message board is kind of like a little mini, almost email or message board
system.
You can leave messages for other people that use the Wii, as well as send those messages
to mobile phones and, you know, I would imagine PCs and email and that type of stuff.
Plus, certain games, say like Animal Crossing, may send you messages as well, you know, so
you'd be getting the emails or the mail from Animal Crossing in your message board.
So it's kind of neat.
You know, this whole Play History thing is very interesting to me.
So in other words, like, if I'm staying up past my bedtime to play the Wii, if I'm a
savvy enough parent, I can go in there and see that, you know, my kid's been up past
his bedtime playing the Wii, and I can take the cord or, you know, something away.
I don't know.
That's kind of interesting.
What do you guys think about that?
Is that a good thing or is that, sure, you know?
Yeah, I think that's a good thing because, you know what, parents need the tools.
If they are having trouble monitoring their, you know, the amount of gaming their kids
have and they want to, I think it's good that they're providing a way for them to be able
to do that.
And you know what, whether they use that or not, that's kind of up to them.
But at least Nintendo is providing you the tools.
Same thing with, like, the lockouts for different content based on the, you know, content ratings.
If they have those parental locks in place, at least they're providing them the tools,
you know, to be able to block that content from, you know, say their children that might
not be appropriate.
So I think it's good to give them the tools.
The controls should be put in the parent's hand for the content that their children sees.
I mean, that's responsible parroting.
Interesting.
What do you guys think about the fact that Nintendo is probably going to be tracking
what you play?
I mean, is that an invasion of privacy?
Well, I don't know if they are.
I mean...
It's the same.
Well, if it's tracking it in the play history, I mean, it's always connected to the Internet.
How do you feel about TiVo tracking what you watch?
I mean, I'm just, I actually, well, I'm just, I'm playing Devil's Advocate here.
I don't think it's a big deal because 360 does the same thing.
You know it does.
Who cares?
Because you can see the last five games you've played and it's, you know, I'm sure...
Unless they come out with, like, you know, some nasty ass porn games, you know, then
whatever.
Who cares?
Who cares?
So they know what I'm playing.
Big deal.
Okay.
I don't know.
Just curious.
I, I do think that there is an advantage in checking it in terms of, especially if you've
got your general region in terms of demographics, they'll know what games are being played more
in what areas, who to market to, what to market.
I actually think that if they use it for their, you know, for their sales, from a sales perspective,
it can really increase their profit by gearing toward the different audiences, seeing who's
playing the most of what.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Ooh.
Tarktitsia says, Gals panic on Xbox Live Arcade.
I can only hope someday.
Mecklar in our chat room says, the good point of it is that if a first party game is popular,
we get more of them.
So but yeah, but don't they already track that through sales in a way if a game is popular?
Not necessarily.
I think.
Yeah.
They track through sales.
Hmm.
I, but sales doesn't tell you exactly who's playing what.
It would be an interesting comparison.
You know, sure, people bought this, but how long are they actually playing it?
See, that's my point.
Before they sold it back to GameStop.
That's my point.
I think if you see what type of games have the most playability, what's going to have
the most longevity, then they're going to be able to say, okay, well, we put this here
and then we say, do you want to keep renewing your experience on this game here is X add
on.
You know what I just realized?
Nintendo's already tracking what games you play on the DS because if you go to Nintendo
Wi-Fi.com, it shows the most popular Wi-Fi games and the last 20 people that played them
and everything.
So Nintendo's been quote unquote violating your privacy in that way for some time, but
I don't think it's a big deal.
I think violating privacy is posting your pictochat.
Yeah.
You know, having big pictures of like a bunch of cocks.
Or if I moon one of our listeners on Uno on Xbox Live Arcade, I wouldn't want Microsoft
to post that on the interweb.
Free on Xbox Live, Rob's ass.
Send it as your background.
It's a theme that you can download this week.
I would not download the Rob's ass theme, sorry.
I would not allow it to be distributed.
Anyway, this is something much more exciting.
I squeed like a little girl and probably did run around the house naked when I read this
news.
DMN wants to see your ass.
When I saw this and I posted it, I knew that you'd be squeaking like a little girl.
This made me squeal like a little girl.
There's a rumor out there, I don't know if it's rumor or fact or what's going on, but
Commodore 64 is supposed to be joining the Wii Virtual Console lineup.
I played so much, like Commodore 64 was my gaming system in that period between the 2600
and the NES for me.
Like oh my god, this makes me so happy.
Gamasutra is reporting that the Virtual Console update says that no game titles are specified
but there are indications that classic epics titles, games like California Games, Summer
Games, Impossible Mission, and Jumpman may make an appearance.
I love you, my Jumpman.
Oh god, the announcement is a matter of time before they announce like M-U-L-E, Pinball
Construction.
Jumpman was my game on the Coleco, that's what I used to play all the time.
Well now what's interesting is that when Kotaku posted this story, one of their chat commenters
posted this interesting update.
They wrote to say that Nintendo Power, where this was also ran, I guess is where most people
picked this up from, the editors were speculating that Commodore 64 games will hit Virtual Console
land and that a handful of epics games were being reworked for the Wii.
Quote, a Nintendo Power editor merely speculated the announced Commodore 64 games would come
to the Virtual Console when in fact two were being remade for the PSP, DS, and Wii.
To quote, System 3 will release Impossible Mission on the PSP and DS in January of 07,
three weeks later it will come to Wii, with California Games for PSP and DS in May of
07, and again three weeks later it will come to the Wii.
Huh.
You know, either way, no matter where these games are coming, I'm just really excited
to see some Commodore 64 love in this era of gaming because damn I loved me some Impossible
Mission, although that game was impossible as fuck.
It was called Impossible Mission for a reason, it was so hard.
I want the old Apple IIe games.
Like Oregon Trail?
Yeah.
Are you waiting for Oregon Trail to come to Virtual Console?
Gnarly Golf.
And I want old school kicks.
That was my favorite game, Gnarly Golf, on the Apple IIe, and yes, I did play Apple way
back in the day when that was the only option for actual gaming, which is ironic, I mean.
I still sometimes dust off the Atari 5200 just to play kicks.
That's pretty cool.
Alright, well, you know, with all this Wii Virtual Console news, I'm sure someday you'll
be able to send us messages on the Wii and they'll come up on our screen, but for the
time being, we have our old fashioned mailbag and it's email, and every week you send us
emails and Dark Sakura goes in there in her hazmat suit and pulls out a few of her favorites
to share with you folks.
So when you send email to us at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, it might just get read
on the air, like we're going to read some right now, right, Dark Sakura?
Absolutely.
Well, my actual favorite email out of this lot came from Warrior Bob, but it's really,
really freaking long, so if you don't mind, I'm going to post it up on the forums because
it is really long.
You know, just really long emails get posted on the forum, how about that?
Anyway, got one from Mekar.
Wait, was the Warrior Bob one, the really long one, and then like, he's talking about
the next gen gaming, and then at the very end it says, so in conclusion, Buy Right Sucks.
That's exactly what it says, in conclusion, Buy Right Sucks.
That made me crack up when I read it.
But I like this last line though, I can assure you that years from now I'll still be playing
something really, really old alongside my newest, shiniest game.
I actually should put that out there, we're no longer going to be asking your permission
to post your letters, if you send us something to Orange Lounge Radio's mailbag, here or
on out, you've been warned, we might post it on our forums.
But out of respect, unless you want us to, we will post nicknames but not real names.
Yeah, yeah.
To protect the not-so-innocent.
Anyway, Mekar wrote in, I started listening to Orange Lounge Radio last week on your 200th
episode, I must say it was my first podcast and I haven't laughed so much in ages.
God, what a one to have as your first one.
Just to say thanks for putting out a great show and it's nice to see a US show mentioning
the UK.
I also have to admit that you guys were responsible for me purchasing an Xbox 360, I'd heard of
some okay stuff about it but hearing all the good stuff you guys were saying about Saints
Row and Dead Rising got me interested.
The live arcade information sold me, so on Friday I went out and spent the 365 pounds
on 360 and Dead Rising and Saints Row, I'm so happy I got it, it rules, so thanks guys.
Didn't they just slice the price by five pounds, so a 360 would be 360 pounds?
That'd be funny.
Yeah, I know, I mean come on, it's five pounds, which I realize is like seven or eight bucks
US, but still it's not that much, but I mean that's a very nice compliment that somebody
would go out and make that kind of investment based on what we've said, it's even more so
the investment in the UK because things are more expensive over there, so that's a very
nice compliment.
It's very interesting since it's all lies!
We love the 360.
What?
Our next email doesn't actually have a nickname on it, so I'm just going to say it's from
Sean.
Hello, OLR, I wanted to first wish all of you a happy belated 200th episode, I've been
listening to your show for forever but haven't really interacted until just now, just felt
like thanking you guys for being awesome.
I saw you guys at B3 and everything, you guys are the best.
Anyway, just wanted to know, excuse me, what your thoughts are on microtransactions and
games in general, and also an opinion on the news that Gran Turismo HD will be almost entirely
microtransaction based, costing only the cost of the disc and packaging, but with the premium
mode having a few tracks and cars available from the start.
My opinion, it defeats the purpose of having the game to begin with, as I always play the
Gran Turismo games to rack up huge amounts of money, unlock new tracks and cars and whatnots
and just have fun, I don't want to have to actively make purchasing decisions for a game,
I just want to pay my 50 to 60 bucks and be done with it.
And while I understand that this is a popular trend in Korean MMOs such as MapleStory and
Pangya Golf, those games actually have content that you can earn which makes playing them
fun and having the purchasable items as a bonus to look cool only.
I want to be able to earn cars just like I've been doing for the last 4 GTs instead of their
new version of a game where you play it only for a few minutes a day.
I just wanted to know your thoughts on it and let you know that you guys rock and I
hope you keep podcasting into the future, thanks.
Thank you.
I think this is funny, Haz in our chat room says, micro-rape-men is more like it.
I do have to say the microtransaction thing for a racing game, I was going back and thinking
about it, you know, and if it's trying to, the point of Gran Turismo was the point of
putting you into a realistic racing situation, right?
Well if you are a professional racer, you are going to go out and spend money to buy
your cars, to buy your upgraded parts, you are going to go shopping.
If the point of Gran Turismo is to reflect the more realistic side of racing, then that
makes sense.
I'm okay with microtransactions, I think in certain types of games and certain ways that
it's used, it's actually pretty cool.
For instance, new songs in DDR and Karaoke Revolution and those games, new maps and shooter
games like Halo 2, in fact I really like the way Halo 2 did it where for a while it was
pay and then it was free, but of course I'm going to love anything that's free.
I think it's good for new tracks and things.
For me it's about, when I buy the initial game, you know, if the game cost me 50 bucks
or 60 bucks, am I getting 50 or 60 bucks worth of game or are you relying on microtransactions
to be the full experience of the game?
This is where that Gran Turismo thing really worries me.
If they're only going to charge me 20 bucks for the game and give me a couple tracks and
a couple cars, then that might be okay, but don't go charging me 60 bucks for no game
and then expect me to buy all these microtransactions.
It's got to be worth what I'm paying for them.
Some of these microtransactions are a joke.
I'm not going to pay for new costumes, especially when they are inspired by commercial things
that should be taken care of at a sponsorship.
They need to do it like Test Drive Unlimited I think is doing it, where the game is cheap
because they knew right away that there's going to be lots of microtransactions, but
you do not need to buy them to be able to enjoy the game.
The way they're making Gran Turismo HD sound, oh by the way, if you want to play online,
you've got to buy the cars first.
So that's kind of fucked up, I think, right there.
So why am I buying this game again?
And to be honest, I've seen the video of Gran Turismo HD, apparently the premium one or
whatever.
I'm not impressed by it at all, and I think it would be a waste of money to buy it.
But you know what, if you're a huge fan of Gran Turismo, then yeah, go ahead and purchase
that game.
But I think it's a mistake to expect you to purchase cars before you can race online.
I think that's dumb.
I think that you should be able to have a sponsor on your car, and then you don't have
to pay.
That's an interesting way to do it.
Your sponsor pays for your purchase.
Interesting.
I want to read some quick comments from chat room.
Mecklar from our chat room says, microtransaction items should only be there for after the game
has been completed.
Exactly.
That's a good thought.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, it's the same thing with Luminous for the 360 arcade.
You have to buy different game modes, and that might...
That is retarded.
That might even scare...
I mean, well, we haven't really seen the final, final, what it's really going to be yet, but
that might scare me off from Luminous on 360.
I think Joystiq reviewed it at X06 and didn't exactly have the brightest things to say about
that, which is a little disappointing.
I liked it when I played it at E3, but it's going to come down to what am I going to get
for the base price.
I'm not going to buy the game just to have to microtransaction it out to really get the
full feel out of it.
Well, to move on to our next email, unless we've got anything more to add.
Not really.
Oh, wait.
Here's one interesting chat comment.
Bandit says, what if you could earn real life gas for your car by winning races in Turismo?
Not likely.
Not likely, but it would be an interesting tie-in.
See, I think what they should do if they really want to have realism in the game is that you
actually earn actual, well, not actual, but comparable money in their game environment
and have to pay for your gas and pay your crew and pay to buy your new stuff.
That should be how they do it.
One more quick chat comment and then we'll let DarkSucker get to the next email.
FootyMonster says, if the game is going to be gimped because you don't have the extra
content, then that's wrong.
What you got off the shelves should be enough to enjoy.
I agree.
Also, I'd like to give FootyMonster a big hello for listening in from Argentina.
We love our worldwide audience.
Absolutely.
We love our domestic audience, too, but we love the worldwide audience as well.
Our next one comes from Matt.
Hey, O-R-L.
Oh, really?
Oh, really.
Long time listener to your great podcast, but this is my first time writing in.
I just got done writing Xbox about how disappointed I was when I attempted playing UNO for the
first time since they added that god-awful contraption called The Vision.
Never have I been so appalled.
If seeing underage boys showing their Wii and masturbating wasn't enough, I actually
saw this one guy shooting up an unknown drug.
Why is Microsoft allowing this behavior to happen?
That's awesome.
It's really discredited.
Let me finish.
It's really discrediting them as a serious game platform anymore.
I guess with Sony's and Microsoft's recent bad management decisions, I guess I'll have
to trade them Xbox 360 and pre-order the only Wii that I want to see and play with, Nintendo's
new system.
At least I know that they wouldn't allow this type of behavior to happen on their network.
Please let me know what you guys think of this.
Thanks, and keep up the great work.
Whenever there is a camera peripheral, you can better believe you're going to see someone
naked.
That is just the fact.
You know what?
That's nothing that they have control over.
I don't want to see some frickin' 16 or 17-year-old person running around naked on their camera.
That's illegal.
Hello?
That's not okay.
That's non-consensual.
I'm being raped with these images.
Here's the other thing too.
Why the hell?
Here's what they should have.
They should have an option for each player, if you do not want to view that, that you
can shut the window off.
I think they do.
Don't they?
I'm not sure.
I don't have the camera still, so you've got to tell me.
I don't know.
I've seen Uno once on live with the camera.
Well, what you can do is that inside 360's system, you can warn, and you can do either
the rep damaging thing, where you say, I want to avoid this player and why, and it damages
their star rating, and I'm not afraid to use that.
I use that all the time on people who sit there when I'm playing Uno, and there's that
kid going, ah, ah, ah.
You know what?
I'm just like, shut the fuck up.
Bandits got it.
Where are the parents?
Probably shooting up dress queue.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
What you need to do, report it, because there's that, and then there's the notify Microsoft
about this, and Microsoft supposedly is going to monitor this, and hopefully they really
will, because they're supposed to do it with the audio, and wouldn't that be something
if suddenly the account gets suspended, the Xbox Live account, and something happens with
the credit card, either there's a refund, and so suddenly the parents will find out
about it.
Johnny, why did you get banned from Xbox Live?
I don't know.
They're here!
Eddie says it's probably in the parental controls.
Also at-deaf says, I can star rate you, and I'm not afraid to use it.
You know what, though?
I still think it makes Uno edgier.
It makes me want to play it more because of the naked chicks.
But they're, that's gross, because some of them are like 16 and 17.
What are you going to do?
Ask each one, you know, when they're about to take their top off?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yay, team.
Sure I am.
Continue.
Continue.
I don't, you know, I don't know.
Come on.
There's a difference between someone.
They don't care.
There's a difference between someone flashing their butt really quick and someone like jerking
it off on camera.
That's disgusting.
Microsoft.
If I want to see that, there's websites I can go to for that, okay?
Microsoft does not care.
I mean, after all, they have the triggers which make the controller vibrate to, as they
put it, to wake up the other person because, yeah, also they're going to go comatose once
they start chatting.
We know how to wake them up.
You know, in video chat.
Bullshit, okay?
That thing, they have one trigger for vibrating slowly, one trigger for vibrating, you know,
at a more rapid pace.
Come on.
What do you think they made that for?
Trance controller?
You know, maybe our particular emailer here has just been lucky, quote, unquote, in what
they've been seeing.
Wonder Dog Harold in our chat room says, I've been playing tons of Uno and I haven't seen
anything obscene.
Exactly.
I haven't, well, I played one game with Uno and I haven't, that wasn't a thing.
I've seen like one person using a camera and that's it, you know, I just don't see any
cameras on there.
I think it's funny when I see cameras because usually they're pointing at really weird things
like someone's cat, you know, just like fun stuff.
Dude, we should put Shermie on the camera.
My cat would, her nose would take up the whole thing.
My cat's so fat.
Well, I'm sorry to hear to our emailer that they're having to see all that crap because
not everybody wants to see that, okay?
I definitely use the 360's warrant system and seriously, if you see somebody shooting
up drugs on the frickin', you know, even if they're trying to joke about it, just frickin'
warrant, do the ultra-warn thing that notifies Microsoft.
That's not cool.
And why are people just like leading the games and stuff?
If you see some like, you know, preteen masturbating on camera, why are people like kicking them
out of the game or just, you know, saying, fuck this, I'm out of here, you know?
I guess that's one option, host your own games.
Look, boobies.
That's a good option, host your own games and then you have control over booting people
out when they're doing something stupid.
So things to think about.
We got an email from Bradley, who is a pretty awesome person, actually was talking about
the guy at Kingdom Hearts Fan Club and was getting the word out regarding this petition
going around.
I actually think this is a pretty cool thing.
They're talking about how Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix is coming out, but what's coming
out with it is that Chain of Memories remake for the PS2, which we may not get.
There's a petition going around now at KHInsider.com.
The link there will say KH2FM plus COM, petition contact campaign.
Just wanting to get the Chain of Memories remake released out here.
It's showing interest to Sony, to Squeenix, actually, that gamers in the U.S. wants it.
So I said I'd make a mention.
Maybe it's something they could pack in with Kingdom Hearts 3 in the future?
I don't know.
A stretch?
I don't know.
I think they should do a $20 release and say, here you go, here's Chain of Memories.
Oh, like when they release it as a budget game, maybe throw that in as a pack-in?
Not necessarily that.
I'm just saying maybe release it as a standalone budget game.
That would be cool.
I would pay for it.
I've been playing Chain of Memories on my micro.
I'd be interested to see.
Chain of Memories is a pain in the ass to play on the micro, by the way.
I'll be honest, I haven't really played Chain of Memories at all.
I kind of skipped it, but I would check it out.
I don't do a lot of gaming on Game Boy Advance, especially games of that length.
I don't know.
They're just more TV games for me, so I would definitely check it out if it was on PlayStation
2.
So I'd like to see that.
I'll sign it.
I'd just probably import it, but that's me.
You know me.
I've got one from Jeremy Todd 1.
Hi.
Hey, OLR.
It's Jeremy Todd 1, like I just said.
I haven't sent an email in for a while, so why don't I send one now?
I don't know.
Why don't you?
He's been getting a lot of face time tonight with the comments and everything, but that's
fine.
Did you ever think that Microsoft and the makers of the games is ripping us off with
the arcade games?
I've been thinking about it, and seriously, it's a rip-off.
An example is Uno.
I bought Uno a week or two ago, and then today I went on Windows Live Messenger, the newest
version of MSN Messenger, and then a friend wanted to play a game, so I went to the games
list and saw Uno.
I opened it up, and it was exactly the same as the 360 arcade version.
It's the same freaking game for free.
What the hell?
So I paid five bucks for Uno, even though I can already play it for free with my friends
using MSN, bah.
And yes, I know I'm a sucker because I keep buying these games.
My name is Jeremy Todd 1, and I have a problem.
Yeah, but could you see your friend masturbating and shooting up drugs on MSN Messenger?
I think not.
That's plus.
No, seriously.
You know, you can play Zuma for free online, you can play Bejeweled for free online, yet
we're suckers for these games anyway.
They're pretty on the TV in a way that they're not in the little window in the computer,
and there's something to be said about the achievements in voice chat, multiplayer, and
all that crap.
I don't know.
We are suckers.
But five bucks isn't that much either.
It's really not.
For a game.
I could buy groceries with that, crackers and sardines for a week.
Yeah, you could buy like two boxes of Hot Pockets.
That's about it.
Hot Pockets.
Okay.
Two more emails left.
One's from Steven NZ.
Hey everyone, love the show like always, and before I start I know that my grammar is not
up to scratch, lol.
Oh, wait.
Hold on.
Can I say this one comment on the last email real quick?
No.
No, I'm sorry.
In chat, this is good.
I'm kidding.
Footy Monster says, Sky, it just makes it more accessible for everyone in the house.
Interesting perspective.
I just want to say that.
In regards to, you know.
To continue, I just wanted to ask you guys, which is better out of a Plasma or LCD TV
for gaming?
And we'll go ahead and ask that first question.
I have an LCD widescreen and I like it.
Plasma does have, well especially from having dealt with Plasma monitors for BeatMania,
they did sort of die after a while of constant use.
I was going to get into this in the FUs of the week.
I had a, I think it's CRT, is that what they call the big boxes?
I had a CRT, but I was forced to upgrade this week and I now have an LCD.
It's pretty.
I like LCD.
I'm getting used to it still.
The sound is bothering me on this new TV though.
I can't get it just right like I had on the old one.
So that's the only thing that's bothering me.
But the picture's pretty.
It's pretty.
Loki, what about you?
What do you have?
You have an LCD, right?
I have an LCD.
I actually didn't, to go ahead and continue, and this next question is probably more for
Loki, but I was wondering how long it would take for a stationary image to burn into an
HDMI Plasma screen as I don't want to damage my new TV.
I don't think Plasmas have the problem with burn-in anymore.
Not if you get a new one.
I remember the older ones having the issues with it.
Yeah, I don't think, I don't think it's really an issue anymore, but apparently pretty quick
from what I heard before.
But I don't think, like I said, I think they've fixed that now.
You know what I don't get, and I'll probably have some tech junkie sending me hate mail
over this, but oh well, projection televisions.
I don't like those at all.
Like the ones that look weird, if you're looking at it like too high or too low, they don't
look right.
Like I don't get those TVs at all.
I would never put one of those in my house, but I don't know.
I'm sure that's going to incite some hate mail, but I'm not a fan personally.
That's an opinion, people.
Although I have to say, I saw my first non-video game example of burn-in yesterday.
We went to the Ripley's Believe It or Not Museum in San Francisco, and one of their
screens had major burn-in, because they play the same thing over and over about blowing
your cheeks up like Dizzy Gillespie.
To continue with email, I'm just all over the place today.
Last one comes from DMN.
Yes, we saved you for last.
Pet pet.
All the same people managing to get on this show in different ways, calls, chats, emails.
You know, if you're sitting at home going, why do all these people keep getting on the
show?
Well, you could send us an email and you could get on the show.
Just make sure it's intelligent.
Absolutely.
Hey, OLR.
It's always great to be able to listen to you guys.
I appreciate the opinions to which I generally agree with you guys upon keep up the good
work.
I do write, however, regarding Sony.
I don't know if you guys have noticed this, but in the past two console generations, we
can all agree that Sony has prevailed over the other competitors, PS1 over the N64 and
Saturn, not in Japan necessarily though, PS2 over the GameCube and Xbox and Dreamcast.
This reminds me a lot of Nintendo back in the 80s and 90s when they dominated with the
NES and Super NES.
We cannot forget that Nintendo released a poorly made portable system after that that
like Sony has with the PSP, and now they have gotten very much full of themselves when the
next console was due out in N64 for Nintendo and PS3 now for Sony.
Nintendo ended up being last in a pivotal generation for gaming with the 64.
Nintendo reeled from that blow for quite a while and are now taking a step in the right
direction and being innovative.
Mind I bash Sony a lot, but I do not want to see them fail.
I love the PS1 as well as the PS2, but I think that the fact that the two console generations
of success have gone to their heads and going to send them further downhill.
And the problem with that is that if the PS3 fails, Blu-ray is likely to and Sony will
have nothing back to fall on.
I hope Hirai, Stringer, and Kuraragi strongly think about their business plan for the PS3
because it might be the last thing that Sony ever does.
Thanks for reading and keep up the good work.
It's an interesting comparison to make, but the one problem I have with it is that the
PSP is no Virtual Boy.
I think the PSP is a much better system than the Virtual Boy was.
The Virtual Boy just had some fundamental problems with it.
The PSP is just kind of a different thing.
It's games and movies and music, but otherwise I certainly can get that whole the company
is getting cocky using a format they shouldn't be using on the next console that's coming
out with the whole cartridges and now Blu-ray.
That's the interesting comparison.
I don't know if I buy the whole PSP is on the same level as Virtual Boy so much.
Remember, Kuraragi eats crayons and wears a helmet.
Was that last email?
That was it.
And then you could send us an email as well, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
More news while we're running along this segment.
We still have DDR previews to get to, so let's run through the next bit of news.
Yes, and I'm sure this came as a first for everybody that heard it, but apparently there
was a press release done by Bethesda saying, guess what?
Elder Scrolls Oblivion is coming out on the PSP and PS3.
That's news to me.
I told you on this show well over there.
Well, I actually have the exact show episode, thank you very much, because I did the research
on that.
Did you?
We first mentioned that it was coming on the PlayStation 3, Episode 189, just to give you
an... and that was mentioned about three months ago.
That was mentioned as the launch title.
We did mention the PSP version, which I believe was the same episode as the PlayStation 3 one,
and also that the date would be April 07.
We mentioned that back on Episode 196.
Yeah, okay.
Not clear at all.
Yes, but we cannot confirm those rumors until it's on the cover of our magazine.
Yeah, exactly.
Once it gets posted to the... once it gets printed in the official PlayStation magazine,
thank you very much, 1UP.com, yeah, which I might add, okay, there is an article in
OPM that says, if any game is worth the price of a PlayStation 3, Oblivion is it.
Wow, that's retarded, because you can get Oblivion already on the Xbox 360, and yeah,
from the screenshots it looks the same, so why would I buy a PlayStation 3?
Well, isn't there supposed to be a new race in the PS3 version or something?
I don't think so.
Yeah, I thought I read something about that, that there's a new race in the PS3.
What did I do?
That's what I say about that.
But anyways, so yeah, that's cute.
Like two people in the chatroom almost simultaneously said, OLR should have a magazine.
If you want to buy us out of our day job, sure.
I have editorial experience and writing.
Again, if you want to buy us out of our day job, sure, it's a tie-up too.
Why?
Jamie's in college for this.
Give me a job.
Like I said earlier in the show, and I'm going to repeat this every single episode until
this actual story comes out somewhere else, full auto 2 on PSP in March.
You heard it here first.
You've got issues, Loki.
Well, as also in regards to people who have issues, as I mentioned, we all know Kuraragi
eats crayons, licks wall candy, wears a bicycle helmet.
Now he has earned himself a leash.
Yes, he has to be strapped to the playground so that he does not run off.
When he was asked if the rival consoles will outstrip Sony's PS3, Kuraragi said, we do
not care.
He did though admit that they are struggling with the Blu-ray drive production, but they're
wanting to resolve it.
Now I have to say though that Phil Harrison, I think that he also has issues with crayons.
He at least eats the wrappers on the crayons because when he was asked if they have a launch
lineup yet, to quote, we're at a fluid time when games are in final QA, but not out of
final QA, but we're close.
So in other words, no, you don't have to give the special boy answer.
Go back and eat your crayons.
We should just send Kuraragi and Harrison like some crayolas.
Do you want to?
Yeah.
Orange wins.
Okay.
Let's, let's figure out their address or whatever.
We'll send them some.
All right.
Here's some crayons for you to eat.
I think you ran out.
Oh God.
Stupid, stupid Sony.
I don't think he would get it.
I think he's too dumb for that stuff.
They just take our crayons.
Anyways.
So, you know, kind of, you know, pretty obvious things, you know, Kuraragi being a retard
and Final Fantasy banning more people, you know, it goes pretty much hand in hand as
obvious news stories, but yeah, 3000 more people were banned for modding in what I can
imagine is only the PC version and of course using third party tools and whatnot to do
all sorts of hackster stuff.
Yay.
3300 people gone.
Have a nice day.
Speaking of hacks and leaks, it's being said that Gears of War has been pirated and uploaded
to Usenet.
It's 7.2 gigs and 157 parts will take a long time to download.
The thing is it takes so long to download that nobody really knows if this is legitimate
or not.
It could be a bunch of crap, but certainly interesting that this would have already hit
the internet when the game is not supposed to be out for a month.
Uh oh.
That could be bad.
I don't think it's legit from what I've heard so far.
It could be a beta build or something.
And to be honest, 7.2 gigs, that doesn't take that long to download on Usenet.
Alright.
Not that I would know or anything.
Sorry, I got the giggles there for a second.
Um, some interesting stuff though that was coming out.
According to computers and video games, Tetsuya Mizuguchi has hinted that there is indeed
a sequel to Rez coming.
And his comment was, I'm just thinking about that, I don't know if this is a Rez sequel
or not, but that kind of synthesization concept, I'm feeling that we needed to make those kinds
of things, new things with new technology.
So possibly a new Rez game on next gen console?
Vibrator 2.0.
That would be pretty sweet.
I'm looking forward to it.
I need a tran- I mean, I would like a trans vib- hi!
Look, the ferret.
Interesting comment in chatroom from Footy Monster in regards to the Gears of War piracy
story.
It has happened before, Sky, Shenmue 2 on Dreamcast was four CDs and got leaked three
weeks before the release date.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Alright, well that's going to do it for the news here in this part A of Orange Lounge
Radio but we have some more exciting stuff to get to and that would be our DDR previews.
That's right, for the past few weeks we've been premiering new tracks from Dance Dance
Revolution Ultramix 4 as well as DDR Universe, going to be coming out for the Xbox and the
Xbox 360 a little later this year.
Tonight we've got four songs for you guys, two songs from DDR Ultramix 4 and two songs
from DDR Universe.
We're going to start tonight with a long version and this is a song that's going to be in DDR
Universe and it's by a group who was originally in DDR Ultramix 2.
It's one of the artists on the A Different Drum label and we're going to play the long
version of the song for you guys tonight.
The artist is nuropa who did the song Standing Still in Time in Ultramix 2 and they're going
to be in DDR Universe with this song.
It's the long version of beyond here and now, here on Orange Lounge Radio Power Previews.
The thoughts are drifting far away, a memory of yesterday.
Standing in our way, standing in our way.
If I surrendered to your arms, wasn't captured by your charms.
There'd be nothing left to say, nothing left to say.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Cause living in doubt is living without testimony, without refrain.
And if we could fly tonight, a light like falling rain.
Nothing more to contain, nothing more to contain.
Would you stay right by my side, a stolen heart of lovers' pride.
I'll lead you to this side, lead you to this side.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Cause living in doubt is living without testimony, without refrain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Cause living in doubt is living without testimony, without refrain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Beyond here and now, I must reach somehow, to free a love I can't contain.
Enjoy.
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
We don't break inside.
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
Can anyone stop the mechanical phase?
