Tonight, October 22nd, 2006.
New firmware is on deck to the PSP, a Nintendo DS game releases with a major bug still in the game, and is EA watching your every move?
Hello everybody and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game podcast dedicated to gaming culture, gamer lifestyle, and what you, the gamer, really want to know.
Welcome to our show.
We're pre-taping this week.
We're a little early.
It is Wednesday night, October 18th, but this will be our week show.
That's because I'm traveling this week and so is one of our lovely co-hosts here, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Are you saying that Loki is lovely?
I suppose, in his own manly way.
And I'm moving.
Yeah, that's right.
You're moving this weekend, so everybody's busy this weekend.
So it's just a bad weekend for us.
I'm going to see Boy Love.
Oh, YaoiCon?
Going to YaoiCon.
And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and.
And?
Don't blame us collectively, but you can blame Rob personally.
Sure, why not?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I hate the music in it and I hate the sound effects.
And just watching him do the same crap over and over.
If I want to play a good beat-em-up, like, I could do, like, like, uh, that Tekken Fighting Mode from Tekken 3.
And, um, yeah.
But, um, I, um, I actually haven't played Phantasy Star Universe yet either because, um,
I've been doing real life things.
Well, you're in luck.
I heard the beta was extended, which again will do the Sunday listeners no good because it's extended through Saturday, but that's what I'm hearing.
It doesn't mean no good.
Well, unless I want to play tonight.
I think you can play something tonight.
Yeah.
I'm actually gaming gaming tomorrow.
Like old school D&D?
Like, no.
Roll D20?
Werewolf.
Oh, God, you nerd.
I game every other week.
Yes, everybody, not only am I a video gaming girl, I do tabletop gaming too.
Which just, you know, further cements you as a hardcore nerd.
I know what a D4 is used for in second edition D&D, bitches.
Nerd patrol, nerd patrol.
You can use it for a whip.
Nerd herd, nerd herd.
Uh, Loki, how you doing?
How was your gaming week?
It was short, I guess.
Um, well, I played Grand Theft Auto.
I didn't get to play any of the PlayStation 2 games that I have lined up to play.
Okay.
I don't get to play a lot of games right now because I'm packing, and packing sucks.
But I am looking forward to playing The Warriors, which is coming out on the PSP pretty soon.
Well, probably next year.
Yes, it was a movie, and it was an awesome PlayStation 2 game too.
So yeah, lots of Grand Theft Auto, and I'm kicking ass in that.
And Zuma a little bit.
I'm on level 9 now.
I beat level 8 while Nellie was asleep because she couldn't get past it and she was getting frustrated.
But she says she has to beat it herself before, or else it doesn't count.
I don't know.
So whatever.
And then I played a little Dig Dug, and I was trying to play some Luminous Live, but it won't download for me because it stops at 1%.
Xbox has been having some wacky stuff today ever since their maintenance yesterday.
And what did their maintenance do?
It's just stuff for their website from what I hear.
Well, we don't really know the full scope of things yet, so possibly they've done some type of upgrade that's dormant until later.
They broke Luminous Live.
That's what their update was for.
I don't know.
Oh, and of course, Saints Row.
I've been playing lots of Saints Row, and that's fun.
I'm trying for the million dollar achievement right now, and once I get that, then I'll kind of move on.
Yeah, that's pretty much it for now.
Some comments from our chat room.
We do have a small crowd there tonight.
A little smaller than our usual Sunday show, but we say thank you to the loyalists who are there, as always.
JeremyTodd1, in response to DarkSakura being a hardcore nerd, says, Tabletop gaming is for people who aren't hardcore enough to play video games.
I do both.
That means I'm double hardcore.
SSJ100Matt says, Jesus saves and rolls D20s.
Get it?
That's a role-playing joke.
Did Jesus make a saving throw?
Um...
Let's see, my gaming week.
I've been playing more of the Phantasy Star Universe beta.
I will say this.
Those of you guys that got frustrated with connection issues and things of that sort and getting started...
May not have given the game enough opportunity, because I'll tell you what, when I got in a party with some of my real-life friends and we were able to do voice chat, the game got like 5,000 times better.
I'm looking forward to the commercial release.
I'm definitely going to pick up the commercial release.
I'm still going to hold off on a full review of the game until I actually have a commercial release in my hands to review, but we will talk more about Phantasy Star Universe at a later date.
Meanwhile, I downloaded Luminous Live today.
I was able to grab it this morning, I guess maybe before the masses were getting home from work, school, and started downloading on Luminous Live.
So I picked that up.
I want to warn you about something with Luminous Live.
The game's got microtransactions out the butt.
And when I say that, I mean when you download the game, you can play Xbox Live, you can play normal challenge mode with about, I want to say it's about 12 skins.
Forgive me if I'm a little off on that number.
But if you want to buy more skins, like you want to get a pack of 20 skins, you're going to have to buy those later in what's called an advanced pack.
Also, if you go into play versus CPU, you only get one skin, and once you play that for about 10 levels, it says, thanks for trying this, buy the versus CPU pack if you want more.
Then in the mission mode, you get about five missions.
Hey, if you want more missions, buy the mission pack.
Then what the hell's the demo?
I mean, seriously, if this is the actual game, then what's the demo?
I guess it's one stage of the game.
So pretty much the game you're getting on Xbox Live is just the skeleton game of, you know, the non-stop puzzle mode with about 12 different skins and the ability to play on Xbox Live.
Oh, goody!
But, you know, I guess they'll have 700 songs on Xbox Live at some point for a microtransaction of $100 each.
Then maybe you'll get the
I can have this go with my Gran Turismo HD.
It's hard for me to sit here and be critical of Gran Turismo HD for the microtransaction things they've been talking about and not apply the same logic to Luminous.
I don't think that would be okay for me to do.
As much as I love Luminous, and I think it's an awesome puzzle game, I don't think it's fair for folks to be picking up Luminous when they don't really know what they're really buying.
I don't think...
Q Entertainment and Microsoft have been very upfront about what exactly you're getting with this and the fact that some components of the game are missing.
Are you getting a full game?
Yes.
Are you getting the same thing as you got on the PSP?
No.
The PSP version as it stands right now offers more than the basic skeleton that Xbox Live is giving you.
I don't feel like I can give this game a fair assessment until I know it's real price for everything else.
Would it have been a little bit different if the game were like $5 instead of $15 out the gate?
Maybe, but again, I would take all that into consideration with how much is each little component priced.
For example, Test Drive Unlimited was kind of using that formula, basically putting out a very cheap game and then having microtransactions.
But the difference between Test Drive Unlimited and, say, Gran Turismo HD or Luminous is you don't need to purchase those.
Granted, I bought this game because, well, I'm a cheapen point whore and I like
Hey, maybe not everyone wants to play mission mode.
Hey, maybe not everyone wants to play Puzzle Mode.
Okay, but still, you have to take the value of what you're paying out in consideration with all this.
For right now, for a pretty competitive $29.99, you can get the PSP version of Luminous, which offers more skins.
As it stands right now, better songs, as far as I'm concerned, even though, yes, some of the songs in Xbox Live's version are from Luminous 1.
Some of the best songs in Luminous 1 are nowhere to be seen so far in Xbox Live.
or if you have a Playstation 2 just wait and pick up Luminous Plus for 30 bucks when that comes out
by the way, the Madonna song, any licenses whatsoever, nowhere to be seen yet I don't know if they're going to be in the Advance Pack rumor has it, they're not I have someone who's had a peek at the Advance Pack and tells me that there's just more general Q Entertainment produced songs in there
from the first and probably second games combined.
Nice bait and switch there, Q Entertainment.
So I don't know where Madonna is or any licensed artist for that matter.
That could change.
Keep in mind that's on rumor there.
But I'm assuming that'll be another buy later on if you want to have Madonna or what have you in your game.
So, interesting.
Yeah, well, I remember reading, I know, and I gotta pull this up because I pulled up a different article, same type of thing, but they were talking about other additional
Downloads Beyond the Advance Pack.
And I want to say it was a run on 1UP, but I can't remember what they were showing.
No, here we go.
I know they had a ton of micropayment stuff.
And of course they were talking about the Advance Pack, but they were talking about other things that you can download as well.
Let's see here.
It says... Oh, they're just talking about, I guess, the mission and puzzle mode.
They're assuming that each one's going to be about...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Even if the music is not as good as the PSP version, I wouldn't go tell you to buy a PSP just for Luminous.
So I would say it's worth checking out if you don't have a PSP.
But if you do have a PSP... Yeah, so...
Anyway, let's get into some housekeeping real quick for tonight.
Tonight's housekeeping, first off, it's only going to be a one-part show tonight because of the fact that we are pre-taping and usually those only end up being one part.
I do want to point out we will still be doing DDR previews tonight even though it is only one part.
And remember, we're not live, so if you've joined our chat room on this lovely Sunday evening or whenever you used to listen to us live, keep in mind that we are pre-taped this week.
I also do have a message from one of our lesbians.
Yes?
Kristen would like everyone to know she says hi.
All right.
So you're hanging out with her this weekend, right?
Yes, I am.
It's a whole cluster of people going to YaoiCon.
We averted a crisis, but she did want me to tell all the listeners hi.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right.
We're going to start to get into some gaming news tonight.
We've got one more thing.
Oh, yes.
The contest.
The Battlefield.
I'm so sorry.
The Battlefield contest.
Who won?
We do have a winner.
There was lots of entries.
But there could only be one.
There could be only one.
Your mom.
Drumroll, please.
And the winner of the Battlefield 2142.
I don't remember which year it was.
Get the game name right, please.
Battlefield 2142 contest is Jason Tryon from St.
Petersburg, Florida.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
You'll be getting an email with your download code to download the full game.
with maybe a few additional extras that we will be talking about a little bit later.
Yay!
Congratulations.
Wait, do I have my sound effect loaded here?
Hold on.
There we go.
Congratulations to you from us here at Orange Launch Radio.
We actually have breaking news tonight.
I'm going to interrupt our usual show role here because here at Orange Lounge Radio we try to plan our stories in advance.
We literally got breaking news about 15 minutes before we went live tonight.
And for longtime fans of Orange Lounge Radio who listened to us back in our music gaming days, we know a lot of you folks are still with us.
This is huge news.
Directly from OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
There's a press release today on Roxor's website, and it was short and simple.
Konami Corporation, developer of the Dance Dance Revolution video game, and Roxor Games Inc., developer of the In the Groove dance games, today announced the mutual settlement of the litigation between the parties in the U.S.
District Court in the Eastern District of Texas.
Under the terms of the settlement, Konami has acquired the intellectual property rights to the In the Groove dance game franchise.
It was further agreed as a part of the settlement that
that Rockshore would respect Konami's intellectual property rights.
Translation?
Pwned.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It would be a DDR PC, too.
Now, granted, there may be more information forthcoming later.
Who knows?
Perhaps Konami will re-explore the PC market with the In the Groove franchise.
Who knows?
I mean, I'm not going to say for sure I'm the end-all, be-all, know-all of what's going on, but in my mind, that kind of makes the most sense for Konami.
Why dilute the market with more dance games?
Just make it all DDR.
Well, so they'll put out that patch, though, for In the Groove, if they didn't know that they were going to be...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They went down.
I think they knew that was happening.
And now you have this nice relic on your wall.
I do.
We have a signed Indigroove 2 poster from last year's Digital Life.
That'll go for millions on eBay next week.
Yeah, right.
I'm kidding.
Millions of pennies.
Here's a little something else, though, for those arcade owners out there with an Indigroove machine with this update on it.
If the RIA catches you...
And for a lot of money.
So keep that in mind with this wonderful unlocked machine if you want to.
I mean, you can get sued, so there you go.
What if the arcade has a jukebox license?
If they do, but not many do.
So most of them think, okay, I'm safe because I've got the game's music is licensed.
That doesn't include stuff that people load on there, so...
Well, more to come on this as it develops.
Here at Orange Lounge Radio, we would like to open an invitation.
We know there are folks in the music game industry who listen to this program.
If anyone from Rocks or Games would like to come on the show, present their side of things, the door is open.
If anyone from Konami would like to come on the show and talk about the future of In the Groove now that they've got it, the door is open.
You can go to the contact us on our website.
We'd love to have you on the program.
That is awesome now that I have the Indie Group 2 beta for PlayStation 2 because that will never be released now.
Probably not.
Never say never, but probably not.
All right, back to the normal list of topics.
Anyways, speaking of stuff that we think will never be released, and that would be a working firmware for the PSP, but the next big firmware update, 3.0, is coming, and supposedly coming tomorrow or the 19th for most people out there.
Anyways, what does that mean to you?
Well, if this is the big old firmware story that we've been waiting for, it's going to have the PlayStation emulation in there as well as support for linking up to the PlayStation 3 for remote play, whatever the hell that is supposed to be.
But I guess we'll find out when the PlayStation 3 comes out.
And it's not a big surprise that that is coming out tomorrow, seeing as...
and Sony is having their Gamers Day for basically covering all the PlayStation 3 stuff and PSP stuff on Thursday.
So that's pretty cool.
And yeah, so lots of big stuff and I'm sure a lot more ways to stop you from running homebrew software.
So enjoy.
And I'm sure this will be on the next Grand Theft Auto anyway, so I'd have to update no matter what.
All right, well, something that's kind of interesting in the Sony area, now this isn't really officially supported by Sony, but, you know, we've been talking about, you know, high definition.
High definition is like the next gen of gaming.
Well, did you know that you could do high definition with your PlayStation 2?
Yes, that's right, there is a boot disk that's out there.
and it's from, let's see, it's called the Exploder HD TV Player and it's by a company called Silicon Era or at least that's the, I'm sorry, no, that's the website that originally ran this story.
It's actually Exploder I think is the company.
Exploder is the company.
It says here that what you can do is that if you have a 1080i supporting TV, you can load this tool before starting the game and then what you can do is inside the menus you can select which resolution you want to run the game at and that
Blinkast
Kinda, but this isn't for a specific game.
Well, no, I understand that, but they were wanting to do something very similar to use the better graphics processing of the Dreamcast to play other PlayStation games, too.
I think it's sort of along the same lines.
So, I still don't know if this is something I would pick up, though.
It just seems a little too risky to me, and I don't know if the PlayStation 2 game was not designed for high def, it's going to be kind of funky in this transition, so I don't know if that's something I want.
Why?
The PlayStation 3 is doing the same thing.
Okay, why not?
So, I mean, it could happen.
I mean, who knows?
Stranger things, I guess.
Alright.
Well, since you brought up the PS3, there actually is a little bit more news about the Blu-ray discs and the developers that are working on them, that they're actually close to the 25 gigabyte limit for a lot of the games.
And, um,
There's a lot of talk that we're putting movies in there, non-interactive content.
And we pretty much have an admission on that from one of the folks with Sony.
Actually, the one to speak with was Phil Harrison, who was the World Studio guy.
But basically...
What he said, and this is a quote, is, I see nothing wrong with having non-interactive full HD sequences as part of the game.
That's all part of the production value and experience you get when you buy the game.
I don't see that as a weakness at all.
It's a weakness if it's going to cut down on game time and playability.
I think it's a lot of the stuff is, because they are outporting the 1080p, a lot of it's just higher res textures, or in the case, you know, you've got, you know, they were
High def video and stuff in there Which, you know, some of that's fine But, and also, they could be doing less compression on it Because Blu-ray drives are slower So, you know, because they are slower Well, actually, you would think they would do more compression If they had, you know, slower Blu-ray, whatever I'm no developer, so what the hell do I know about content All I know is, you know, 25 gigs is a lot for a game And it better damn look good for, you know, 25 gigs That's all I gotta say Wait till they have to deal with the 50 What are we gonna see then?
More movies.
Defective discs.
Hopefully a PlayStation 3 that'll take out my trash and do my dishes.
Then I'd buy it.
At launch.
New for PS3, TurboTax!
Anyways.
Some really cool stuff, though, coming to the PlayStation 3, and this is also coming out of Sony's Gamer Day.
First off, their brand new e-distribution titles, or their Sony Arcade, whatever the hell you want to call it.
Some pretty cool stuff, actually.
Very interesting ones, like for example, there's a new game that kind of resembles Geometry Wars, which is kind of neat, called Blast Factor.
There's going to be Lemmings 2, which apparently is not a port of the original Lemmings 2, but is a brand new Lemmings game, updated graphics and whatnot.
Go Sudoku, because, god, there's just not enough Sudoku out there.
Swizzle Blocks, which I don't know what that is, but it sounds like a puzzle game.
Criminal Crackdown, and, well, Flow, because that was previously announced.
I saw some of the screenshots for some of these games.
It looked interesting.
Blast Factor looked pretty cool.
And the graphics looked pretty pristine on it.
So I don't know if it's just the TV or screenshots that they're showing.
I'm hoping out of this Gamers Day thing that will have already happened by the time most of you hear this, we will see a little more in the means of footage.
Not so much screenshots, but actual footage.
Kind of what they look like in action.
You know what I wish they had is a console that's just these mini-games.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Pretty lame, but actually the case reminded me of something that would be in like Half-Life 2 or something.
And I like the glowing light on the front.
But that's all I liked about the Phantom.
And I wouldn't touch that fucking lap board with a 10-foot pole.
Alright, well for those that were worried that they may not get a hand on a PlayStation 3 this year, you should probably still be a little bit worried.
But it is said that they are on target to produce 1 million PlayStation 3s in 2006.
I was wrong.
Yes, and I'm sure the PlayStation 3 is still launching spring of 2006, like they previously said.
I do think the machine's going to launch, but I think we're going to see Xbox 360 shortages all over again.
I'm not too disappointed.
I don't really need one at launch this time next year.
Yeah, I'll probably have one.
Honestly, the only reason I feel like I should own one of these at launch is because of the show.
But I'll just go to Jamie's house and play hers.
We can see if that 1080p is worth a damn, since my TV will run it.
Yep.
You know what, though?
I think I'm still just going to use it as a paperweight.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see.
Well, speaking of things to see, I do have a list of release dates for our buddies in the UK.
On the 26th is Anos 1701 for PC.
A bunch of other stuff on the 27th, and I'm not going to list all the systems they're on because there's a few multiple releases.
but there's Action Loop, Blade Dancer, Lineage of Light, Dark Messiah, Might and Magic, Dragon Ball Z, Tenkaichi Budokai 2, Dragon Warriors Vol.
2, FIFA 07, Ford Street Racing, LA Duel, King of Fighters Maximum Impact 2, Metal Slug, Metal Slug Anthology, Myst Ultimate Compilation, NBA 2K7, blah, blah, blah, Neo Geo Battle Coliseum, Pipa Funnel, Pipa Funnel 2 on GBA, by the way, Pipa Funnel, Take the Reins,
Prince of Persia Trilogy, Pro Evolution Soccer 6, Sudoku Master, Sims 2, Pets, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2007, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent, Warhammer 40k, War of Dawn, Dark Crusade, Zoo Tycoon 2, Marine Mania, and on the 31st Legend of Spyro, A New Beginning.
Although I'd just rather go trick-or-treating.
Spyro's not that bad.
Spyro is an in-joke on Spyro's message board that I moderate on.
I'm going to be seeing Warp 11 on that day, so screw Spyro.
Nerd!
Did you get any more nerdier tonight?
I'm going to go see a Trekkie band.
Are you wearing a pocket protector?
No.
I do have a chainmail bra.
La la la la la.
So there's going to be some good stuff coming out this week.
Um...
We've actually got some pretty cool stuff, like, for example, Marvel Ultimate Alliance will be coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox, and the 360, and I believe the PSP as well.
Some other fun games, Reservoir Dogs, the ultra-violent game, will be on PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
We've got Splinter Cell Double Agent coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube.
Nicktoons Battle for Volcano Island on PlayStation 2, GameCube DS, and Game Boy Advance.
And of course, Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam will be coming out on the DS and Game Boy Advance.
So that should be pretty neat.
And of course, for you RPG fans, we've got Phantasy Star Universe coming out on PlayStation 2, PC, and on the 360.
And other fun stuff.
Well, these are a little bit way off now, and even more way off than we mentioned last week.
I unfortunately have to give you guys the bad news that
DDR Universe has been delayed into March of 2007.
How do you know this?
From my work.
Alright.
It's from Konami themselves.
Alright.
So, you know, I'm not surprised because all their other games... Could they change it back?
It could very well change back.
I don't think it will change back because that's a pretty large jump there.
So, yeah.
I would see March because it makes sense.
I mean, it's just like Beatmania last year, so no big deal.
There have been some price drops on some 360 games in case you're interested.
You know what though, I want to say real quick.
For folks that were very critical of DDR Universe's build at E3...
That could actually be good news that they went back and retooled some things.
Because you know a lot of people were bitching about the interface on Universe and things like that.
Remember, when people complained about Ultramix 2, they went back and retooled it, and that came out, in my mind, still the best DDR home release they've done yet.
So, I'm not saying they are, I don't know, but that could be good news.
I'd rather them wait and get it right.
Alright.
Or they're putting in the groove songs in it.
Just kidding, no.
A few price drops here.
Hitman Blood Money for the 360s dropped down to $39.99.
Every other version for Hitman Blood Money has actually dropped $10, so that's pretty good.
Tomb Raider Legends dropped down to $29.99 for the 360, and all the other versions have dropped also $10.
And finally, Condemned, which wasn't that expensive to begin with, and actually was $39.99 for a while now, is now $29.99.
So if you haven't picked it up yet, probably a good time to do it.
Because it is the only Survivor Horror...
Game pretty much on the 360.
Comments in our chat room on Spyro.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, I remember I had a Spyro game for the GBA and I got stuck on the 4th or 5th world and then I gave it away.
Sephiroth 1215 says, Spyro is now voiced by Elijah Wood.
I guess further proof he's jumped the shark.
SSJ100 Matt says, Spyro needs to end.
It's time for him to grow up and burninate the countryside.
There you go.
Well, I was going to mention also, there was a game that actually came out last week, or this week, depending on when you're listening to this show, I guess.
Splinter Cell Double Agent for the 360.
It is going to be one of the first titles that will support the brand new fall dashboard update for the 360, and it will support 1080p.
So that's pretty sweet.
We'll have to see how sexy that looks on a TV that can support it.
Yes.
Again, we'll be going over to Jamie's house.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Nizu no Senritsu 2
Princess Princess comes out from Marvelous Entertainment.
It's also an adventure game.
I noticed the cover has these three anime-looking chicks who I would speculate might be the princesses in this game, although there's two princesses in that title and three on the box, so I don't know.
Also coming out from D3 is Mermaid Prism, another adventure game coming out October 26th.
And lastly on my list here we have Utoware Rumono, yet another adventure game, but this one coming to us from Aqua Plus.
Check that out this week in Japan.
Sweet.
Is that Utoware?
Oh, probably.
Why do I do the Japanese releases?
I've never taken a lick of a Japanese class.
I think we need to.
I mean, I love our UK people, but I can't trade.
I love them, too.
Let me at them.
I love our Japanese people, too.
All right.
We'll talk that up behind the scenes, because you've actually had Japanese class, so I butchered those words.
I was just wondering.
I openly admit.
I can't see through you.
I just did the Japanese release dates because they were lonely and needed some love.
No one was talking about them anywhere, so, you know.
I took them into my home and I sheltered them, even if I did horribly butcher their names.
And releasing in Antarctica, nothing.
Sorry, guys.
However, being released in nowhere is actually... Speaking of things that aren't actually going to be making it out, I should say.
The...
Major UK retailers, Curry's and Dixon's, are not going to be stocking Canis Canem Edit, which, for those of us in the U.S., is a bully.
One of their spokespeople said, We have no plans to stock Canis Canem Edit.
We are fully aware people will be able to buy this game elsewhere, but we feel this game is not appropriate for Curry's family-friendly image.
Eat it.
It's Latin, right?
Okay.
I don't think they take Latin.
You do the Japanese words, I'll do the Latin words.
There we go.
Whatever.
Anyways.
Orange Lounge Radio, we are high school graduates.
Anyway, it's going to be out October 27th.
It has a 15 rating.
It's not that bad of a game.
It got really good reviews.
And apparently the character at the end, spoiler alert, becomes an upstanding citizen who gives more than he takes.
and makes out with boys as well as girls.
Is this true?
I think there are certain characters that you can make out with.
I need to get this game.
No, thank you.
The kid's, what, 15?
No, thank you.
Anyways.
So, anyways, Grand Theft Auto 4.
Again, it's way off.
It's supposed to be coming out in October of next year.
Like a year from now, yeah.
And I cannot wait, but no, anyways.
The PlayStation 3 is also getting exclusive episodic content.
Okay, listen now.
Rockstar, do you know what the word exclusive means?
It means one system Getty, the other system no Getty.
So you know what?
Maybe both Getty some content.
Okay.
Anyways, so both of them will have online... Don't ever read children's story time books.
Don't ever do that because you can't do it.
Shut up.
She can't speak Latin, I can't speak Japanese, and you can't read to children.
It's fine.
Anyways, so, yeah, it's going to get episodic content, not a big surprise.
And what might be different is the content might be different for each platform.
Who knows?
My guess, no, because they are lazy, so it will be the same on both platforms.
I think you're wrong.
I think it's like Soul Calibur 2, where you had one character on the... I'm not saying literally this is it, but you know how you had Link on the GameCube and Spawn on the Xbox and Hachi on the PlayStation?
and it was, you know, that was their exclusive content per console.
I think what you're going to get in Grand Theft Auto is you're going to get, like, you know, West Island on the PlayStation and East Island on the Xbox.
And the Wii gets nothing.
Rob, if you've ever played the multiplayer in Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, they're lazy.
They're not going to make new content.
We'll be lucky if the original content works correctly.
If we have to wait a goddamn year for the game, I would think they have enough time to make West Island and East Island.
Westside and Eastside.
Exactly.
I was waiting for that.
Meanwhile, who won that Battlefield thing earlier in the show that was Jason from Florida?
Yeah, I think that was his name.
based on, you know, where you live and things of that nature.
It's kind of anonymously looking at your IP or what have you.
And, of course, everyone is going flipping nuts on forums about this, like, how dare EA spy on me?
This is an invasion of my privacy.
I was going to buy Battlefield 2142, but now I'm not.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Loki, you had some strong opinions on this?
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Stuff like that.
Also, it's collecting information on how many views of said ad you have made so that they can go and bill whomever, their clients.
Our friend and pal and buddy VXChaseNXV in chat is jumping up and down screaming an IP address is not anonymous information.
Grr, argh.
Get over it, people!
Seriously, it's not like saying, we're collecting your credit card information.
We're going to be watching where you're browsing on the internet.
It's just a goddamn IP.
It's just figuring out where you are in the world.
I don't think EA is the first company to be watching you.
No, World of Warcraft.
Every time you sign into Xbox Live, Microsoft knows what you're playing, and they track it on the internet for your friends to see.
And World of Warcraft, you know, they monitor your computer for spyware, but oh my god, they could be monitoring for other things, you know.
It's just, whatever.
I used somebody's IP address to track down when I was being stalked.
Well, yeah, I mean, you could... They might be collecting your IP address, but they're just using that for this.
I don't think they care where your house is.
Yeah, I don't think they're going to come knock on your door.
Sir, you've been playing too much of our game.
They don't care that you've been looking at porn all the day.
What they should have done, I guess, what would be the happy medium here, is have you sign up on their website or whatever, putting your address information in there, and then you don't have to have your IP tracked.
because they'll go off that address and send you ads based on where you live via that.
DMN says, but this allows for date people and insert zip code here.
That shit's annoying.
Microsoft doesn't hit you with shitty ads.
Yes, they do.
Download our artist video of the month on Xbox Live this week.
Download Jaws from the Xbox Live Arcade because no one else is.
Buy a Scion.
I just feel sorry for people in my home state.
XBOX Live Marketplace
What I think is interesting, though, let's look at the bigger picture here.
Loki, what do you think of this?
And the bigger picture that people are saying is bullshit, is that I'm paying $60, $50, whatever, for a game that has advertising in it.
That's too much money.
If the game has advertising in it, it shouldn't cost me that much money.
Does it cost you anything to play online?
No, it doesn't.
You know why?
Because that money that they're making from advertising helps run the servers.
I'm just surprised that someone with such a philosophy is actually kind of supporting this in a way.
It's kind of interesting.
I don't see a problem with it.
And to be honest, so what?
There's fucking ads on billboards that are in this world.
It's not like, you know, my character has a fucking, you know, date hot people or whatever in this zip code, you know, strapped to his body or something or whatever.
It's not like they're that obtrusive.
They're just on fucking billboards.
I don't notice what the hell are on billboards in the game, and if you're sitting there staring at the fucking billboard, you're probably going to get shot or stepped on by a giant robot.
So, whatever.
If you're really going to get your panties in a bunch for that, I don't want to see you playing Battlefield 2142 anyways.
Go play another game.
VX Jason says, give me the ability to run my own server and fuck your advertisements.
Do you think people are going to end up hacking this game to take the shit out?
Sure, why not?
They've done it before with other games, so I don't see why they couldn't.
All right.
Well, all this talk of privacy and invading our privacy and ruffling our feathers here, it's the internet versus EA and what have you, it makes us a little bit angsty.
So that means we have to bring on the FUs of the week.
This FU is dedicated toward erythromycin.
Yes, the antibiotic that they prescribe quite often for sinus infections, so I guess it really is rooted in my sinus infection that I'm still not, you know, done with.
But I would like to actually be able to digest solid food, please?
Drugs?
Hurry up and be done with me so that I can actually eat a pizza without wanting to die.
Not love me.
F you to my head hurting because I have a headache right now and it's one of those ones that's not really that bad but it's in the back of my skull and that sucks because there's no way to get rid of it.
So, fucking hate that and I get them so often.
It's from your neck.
It's from a tumor.
It's not a tumor.
F you to the fact that I'm getting on a red eye flight tomorrow night to New York City and I'm getting sick.
I can feel my body getting sick.
I know this because I was cold in my office all day and I usually don't get cold unless I'm getting sick.
So that's just great.
I'm getting sick to ruin my vacation in New York City.
Yay!
Joint excitement.
F you to viruses.
New York City!
Sorry.
Shut up.
Get a rope.
Anyways.
Moving on.
Well, speaking of things that are moving at least, we've got a...
Track listing for Elite Beat Agents.
So if anybody who is interested, and actually, again, the release for that is going to be November 6th over here in the U.S.
But the songs that are going to be in it is Walkie Talkie Man by Stereogram, ABC, Jackson 5, Sk8er Boi, Avril Lavigne, I Was Born to Love You, Queen, Rock This Town, Stray Cats, which is a great song, Highway Star, Deep Purple, YMCA, Village People, September, Earth, Wind & Fire,
Can't Heat, Jamiroquai, Material Girl, Madonna, Lala, Ashley Simpson, you're the inspiration, Chicago, you know I used to actually have that on a 45?
Nerd.
No, that just meant it was the 80s.
Survivor, Destiny's Child, Without a Fight, Hooba Stank, Believe, Cher, that's so gay.
Let's Dance, David Bowie.
I love David Bowie.
Jumpin' Jack Flash, Rolling Stones, Makes No Difference, Sum 41, The Anthem, Good Charlotte.
Well, this will certainly ruffle the feathers of those folks that were expecting to get more Japanese-style music, but if that's what you wanted, import Owen Don.
I don't know why they were expecting to get Japanese music.
Exactly.
So this is certainly an Americanized version.
It definitely is going to take this series in a
Completely different direction.
You know what?
Although there's a couple of songs on that list that made me go, you know, any music game is going to have a couple songs that made me go, so I'm okay with it.
I think it'll actually be fun.
There's some kind of funny songs on there, so it should be interesting to see it in this system.
I'm upset with this track list.
Why?
Because anytime that Cher song is seen anywhere with my eyes, it gets stuck in my head, and I can't get it out.
and I also think of that Margaret Cho act too where she was talking about it.
Yay, I know what game to play every time Jamie's over.
You know what?
I know which ass to kick every time I'm over.
Anyways, speaking of ass kicking, Red Octane or Activision have basically kicked the ass of any third-party guitar controller because according to the official PlayStation Magazine demo of Guitar Hero 2, they will not work.
So if that's indicative of the final game
Your third-party controller will no workie on the brand-new game.
So, that kind of sucks.
At least this is based on the demo, right?
Based on the demo, but you know what?
I mean, I don't know.
How hard could it be to, you know, get a controller to work?
I mean, seriously.
So, I don't know.
We'll see.
I'm sure people will find a workaround for that, but as of right now, that's kind of poopy, seeing as, you know, their Red Octane started off as a third-party, you know,
controller manufacturer, and now they're just kind of saying, fuck you all.
Yeah, so let me get this straight.
A company that got its start as a third-party peripheral manufacturer has effectively locked out third-party peripheral manufacturers from their latest games.
It's a hands of strike.
It's cutting out future competition for other third party... It's interesting.
It's an interesting tactic.
I mean, that's business.
You can hem and haw all you want about, you know, Red Octane are bastard people.
They're hypocrites, blah, blah, blah.
But that's just business.
There was basically the official controller.
They way kind of recognized it was an official controller is because they had...
The left button shorted out, kind of like how poppin' music has that.
They have a button shorted out to be able to detect that it's the official poppin' music controller.
What's interesting, though, is there was some speculation that this was to lock out those third-party wireless controllers because Red Octane was coming out with their own wireless Guitar Hero controller for the PlayStation 2.
Interesting.
Oh, joy.
Oh, joy.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
I am not doing this.
I am not doing this.
and then it's like supposed to be a surprise folks he's just being sheepish don't worry we'll have him there and root for him if you're in San Francisco I am not playing that damn game bring your Loki signs bring your you know like they have on the show Loki is my American Idol you know who we should take to that?
Iguana Girl we should but we'll take her to another city because I gotta have Loki win this one no Iguana Girl can go and be the real winner that's fine
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm poor!
Anyways.
I'll sell the ferret.
If dancing is more of your thing, you'll be happy to know that the ever-rumored, you know, because everyone wanted a DDR MMO, well, Dave Perry, who you might remember from Shiny, is creating a new MMO called Dance, which is
Promising players will have a chance to create their own unique dancers, and through variable styles, facial features, and clothing and accessories, you can also be able to actually play.
It sounds very similar to, like, O2 Jam or something like that, but it should be pretty interesting.
Obviously, when I first read the news on this, it sounds very similar to one of those popular Korean music games, such as O2 Jam, R2-D2, one of those.
I'll check it out if it's free.
I mean, it can't be free, right?
Exactly.
You betcha.
You betcha.
See?
There you go.
There you go.
All right, well, every week you send us emails, and DarkSakura writes down your IPs with a big magic marker.
And then I lock them down to your zip code.
Sends them to the spam factory to send.
No, I'm just kidding.
Of course we never give out your emails, addresses, or IP.
We wouldn't do that to you.
We're not the man.
But we will read what you write to us on air.
Actually, I find where you live, and if your letter sucks, I leave stinky poo on your front doorstep.
Oh, I see.
Alright, well, hopefully we've got some letters that did not earn a poo-bombing this week.
DarkSakura, open up the mailbag and pull some emails out for us.
The first one comes from, well, it doesn't really have a name on it, so I'm just going to say Pendragon.
Actually, AIBO is not useless.
I've had this ERS-7 since they first came out.
He watches my house when I'm not there and he has his own blog on the web.
Meet Falco at fusioncrew.org.
That would be kind of funny.
I did want to get one at one point, but they're just too damn expensive.
I want an AIBO.
I'm in shock.
Someone wrote us to tell us they have an AIBO that has a blog.
My Xbox 360 has a blog.
I want an AIBO that has a blog and that we'll be walking around because it randomly takes pictures and stuff.
It's like, oh look, there's people having sex on the couch or something like that and posts a blog.
It would just get more pictures of your foot.
I'm going to start a PayPal account for myself to donate to DarkSakura's AIBO fund.
You do that.
Let's see if I get an AIBO.
Come on, chat room, you know you want to help me get an AIBO to replace the ferret.
Sell your goddamn TV, then you can afford an AIBO.
I'll get an AIBO and I'll name him Ferret.
Anyway, this is when I get my wireless router working the right way again.
You can email Falco and he'll take a picture and email it back to you.
And that's at AIBOFalco at Comcast.net.
So I think that's pretty funny.
So yeah, I'm going to... By the way, he wants us to pick him for the drawing, but I think it's a little too late.
GOMEZ
Hey Orange Lounge, this is the first time I've ever sent you guys an email because I'm kind of an Orange Lounge noob because I only started listening about episode 196.
Nice run on sentence.
Welcome to the show, I'm glad you've decided to stick around.
I love the show and the praise you give Xbox 360 LOL.
However, my friends and I have been having some problems with the system.
My controllers now have a mandatory tape job on the back of them to keep the batteries connected so the controller does not disconnect due to a loss of power, which makes me really mad.
But this doesn't compare to a friend of mine whose Xbox broke just recently, but Microsoft was generous enough to give him a new one, which within a week was also broken.
He had to endure another couple of months without an Xbox, even though he had just bought NHL 07.
Dude, you're like the king of run-on sentences.
This is awesome.
The system can be a hassle when it freezes on me or the controller is disconnected in the middle of a game or battle, but nothing makes me more mad than the controller disconnect.
and because of this my Xbox freezes.
Either way, I love my Xbox 360 because of the fantastic graphics and games and yet I hate the frustrations.
I guess I hate it and love it.
The other topic I have to say...
I had to say was to do with the new Phantasy Star Universe demo that came out to the marketplace recently.
Since I downloaded pretty much every demo I had to play, this one pretty much got me hooked, but not before some difficulty.
I originally made myself one of those robot guy characters and pretty much held the A button through the whole tutorial while talking to my friend, which I later found out was a mistake because I had never played these MMO games before.
So all I could do was walk around asking people, Hey, how do you battle?
Or do you know how to get money?
And my normal response would be...
No, go away, you noob.
You suck at this game.
Screw off.
And ah ha ha ha, yeah right, noob.
No, yeah right, what a noob.
Which did help me at all because I couldn't have any fun with this demo and made my gaming experience go down the drain.
However, I remembered Sky on your show mentioned something about being a girl in World of Warcraft and how he got lots of items and stuff for free, so I decided to give it a try.
I made a new account and made this girl human super hot with handlebars or pigtails or whatever you guys like to call them.
And once I entered the world, it was entirely, hello, how's it going?
Oh wow, you're really hot, let's go out.
And when I said, do you guys know how to battle?
Oh yeah, let's go, let me show you.
As a response, the guys showed me where to go and everything, even though I dissed them once I got into the battling world.
I am now given free money and items in script because I just have to say my mic is broken, so now I can just type everything I want to say to the players.
I never knew how many desperate gamer guys there really are out there.
Sincerely, Gomez.
I love this email.
I'm not playing a girl in PSO
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Because you're a short, cute girl.
I have to say that the one male character I made back in PSO, though, was a...
and DarkSakura.com.
So that all these people will have to... You know, if that's how they want to spend their $10 a month, then fine.
But, you know, at least we'll filter out a lot of the lame-os that are just playing this because it's free.
They should have, like... Now, what I did mean to ask, though, you've still got your mags in that game, right?
No.
No.
P.S.U.
is beautiful.
I want my Opa Opa.
The first time I dual wielded sabers, I was like, oh God, I love this game.
Opa Opa.
I heard this game.
Opa Opa.
Unless I can make my pet an Opa Opa, then I'll be happy.
Okay, last email.
You can name it whatever you want.
Mine's named Opa Opa.
I want mine to look like an Opa Opa.
It kind of does, so name it Opa Opa.
Okay.
Email.
Last email.
This is from Mark.
Hey, guys.
You know what?
I think that that's sexist.
Okay, I'm just kidding.
Oh.
Oh.
I thought that was the email.
I was like, what?
Explain yourself.
I'm just curious as to why you released the podcast in two parts.
Is it that you can't get it all edited by Monday, or is it that you hope to get people to listen to the live broadcast instead of having to wait for the two parts?
To be honest, I will never listen to the live broadcast because I just don't have the time.
I hope you guys can change this.
Anyhow, great show as always.
Thanks, Mark.
Because we want to.
No, um...
Real... We did it at first because we were a little afraid.
We didn't know how the server would handle a two to three hour program being thrown out there all at once.
So we thought by breaking it up into chunks it wouldn't be so bad.
On our old server we used to have to worry about bandwidth a lot.
On this one we don't have to worry about that so much.
Hugs and kisses to our webmaster VXJasonXV who makes all this shit happen behind the scenes.
Um...
P-Break
Well, hypothetically, we could, when we break the show, just put a little... Bobby takes a break on his show, but he'll put a little noise in there.
He'll edit out his break and put a little noise in there.
Technically, we could do that, but I don't know.
It's just kind of what's worked for us.
We might change our minds later in the future.
I don't know.
But for right now, it's kind of what we're doing.
Email us if you feel strongly one way or the other.
Because I've heard from people that kind of like the fact that they get regular OLR content.
You won't this week.
There is no second part this week.
But a lot of folks like their regular OLR.
We're irregular this week.
Yes, that's right.
We're pregnant.
Is that it for emails?
Just because someone's pregnant doesn't mean that they have irregularity.
I'm just messing.
It just means they don't eat enough fiber.
I'm just messing.
Jeez.
Getting all angsty.
I already did the FUs of the week.
You're catching me mid-week after I got off of work.
Any more mailbag?
No.
Send us more mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Give this woman more to read next week.
I need more stuff.
Right.
And give me money.
Anyways, there was an unconfirmed rumor this week, as every other week, that there may be a Blue Dragon anime series in the works.
And this is basically coming from...
You know, a toy hobby figurine page from a Japanese toy company.
And basically, you know, it wouldn't be that far of a stretch because it is created by Hironobu Sakaguchi and who is, you know, a brainchild of Final Fantasy and Dragon Ball Dragon Quest creator Akira Toyoyama Toyoyama, I mispronounced that.
So, you know,
Very strong ties to anime.
Well, maybe kind of neat.
But he also did all of the character designs for Chrono Trigger and... You said Akira Toriyama, right?
Yes.
Okay, yeah, he did all the character designs for Dragon Quest and Chrono Trigger, so... And there has been short anime series for each, or segments of anime.
They have existed in anime form.
That was for a special edition!
Doesn't matter, they have existed in anime form at some point, so...
Huh.
Yeah.
So I guess we'll have to see.
Because right now it's just rumor.
You know, if Microsoft can have their Viva Pinata show here, why can't they have a Blue Dragon anime there?
I'd rather have Blue Dragon.
Viva Pinata sucks.
I watched the thing on Xbox.
It wasn't The End of the World.
It is horrible.
It was horrible.
It was bad, but if I was seven years old, I'd probably like it.
Anyway, if I was seven years old, I might enjoy Bubble Bobble.
No, I'm kidding.
Actually, you can love Bubble Bobble no matter what your age.
It is a very cute game, though, aimed at children.
But guess what, kids?
Don't buy your kids Bubble Bobble Revolution on the DS or they're going to be pissed off because apparently this game was not playtested past level 30.
In other words, the game is supposed to have a boss show up at level 30 and the boss does not show up, therefore rendering the game unplayable.
Every time.
A quote from the source.
as soon as this has been determined.
Hey, folks over there at Taito making this game, how about you tell us a little bit about what you're going to do for your QA processes in the future?
Is it only the U.S.
one?
I'm not sure.
I think it's the only region this has been released in so far.
I thought that there was a Japanese... Maybe, but this is the only place where the problem's showing up.
Well, you know what?
Apparently they were too busy playing Rainbow Islands, which also, you know, was released at the same time.
instead of Bubble Bobble.
I mean, words cannot express what a fuck-up this is on Taito's part.
I mean, so nobody ever played through the whole game over in their testing.
You could use cheat codes to get through, I don't know, but somehow, some way, this really, really big flaw was overlooked.
I don't know.
Boss, forgot the boss.
It will make me hesitate every time I go to buy a Taito game on the DS from this point forward until they say what they're going to do to make it better.
I guess, but then again, you know, perhaps they've learned their lesson, so to speak.
So, I don't know.
Who knows?
Maybe their QA will get a lot better real fast after this very embarrassing screw-up.
But not good, folks.
Not good.
Someone's getting fired over this.
Yeah, DMN says in our chatroom, someone's getting fucking fired.
Ranma brings a good point.
Squeenix owns Taito now.
Oh, great.
Maybe Final Fantasy XII will be unplayable.
I doubt that, though.
There's lots of things to doubt though, whenever anything that's involving them is coming about.
But never mind, I'm not going to be bitter.
Not going to be bitter.
Anyway, speaking of releases and things, we have some stuff from THQ for launch week for the Wii.
Four games.
The first, of course, this is the big one, is Cars.
Spongebob Squarepants Creature from the Krusty Krab
I don't remember the Barnyard title, but then again, I wouldn't have remembered that.
It's been there.
It's just so exciting because these are all GameCube ports of previous months.
She could have said three games are coming out for the Wii.
Whoop, D and shit.
And it would have had the exact same impact for me.
I'm just sorry.
Not interested in any of these titles.
You know what's really sad?
I guess Cars might be cute.
Some of these games I thought were new are not new.
Like, for example, GT from Ubisoft is apparently a port of GT for the GameCube that came out a long time ago.
And same with Monster 4x4 World Circuit.
It's a port of an Xbox game that came out a while ago, too.
Or I think it may have been a GameCube game at one time, too.
But I know the Xbox version came out in April.
and so they're nothing new it's just a lot of ports and I actually cancelled my pre-order for GT because of that so I'm like I'm not gonna buy no fucking port no matter how cool that little steering wheel might be you can buy the steering wheel if you really want it they are selling it separately which apparently has no online play that's very disappointing what?
what?
what?
what?
what?
what?
what?
what?
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Some things that are not so crappy, though.
And quite fun, actually.
Mario Kart... Or Mario Kart GP 2 is coming to an arcade.
That's the arcade one, right?
Yeah.
Hot!
Yeah, that's the game that I played when I was drunk.
On my bachelor party.
Why isn't that video on YouTube?
Uh, because I haven't loaded it on there yet.
We're gonna make that happen.
But, um, basically, you know, the game itself looks very similar to, um...
Very similar to what we've seen before, although I do see some things, though, that look new.
Like, uh, some of the characters... I don't know who this is, and I don't know if you would know, Rob, uh, but this character looks very, very familiar.
Let's see here.
I think that... No, this is from, um, uh, Tamagotchi or whatever, I think.
That character right there.
Yeah, that looks like a Tamagotchi.
Tamagotchi, uh, Corner Shop.
So that's gonna be one of the brand new characters, uh, Tamagotchi character, and then it looks like, um...
You know, you got all your repeat characters, you know, Wario, Mario, Luigi, Waluigi, Yoshi, Princess Peach, Toad, Bowser, Donkey Kong, and then the ghosts, and Pac-Man and Mrs. Pac-Man.
So, very interesting.
They have, of course, a lot more stuff that you can put on your character, or your screen caps, you know how they do the webcam thing.
and more accessories.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
No word on the banker or a very scary looking Howie Mandel coming into play here.
But supposedly 25,000 Wiis are being given away as well as a $1 million prize and a trip to Los Angeles to go actually see the show live in person and be frightened by Howie Mandel in person.
Good luck to any of our listeners that enter this.
I forgot to mention, since we don't have the video of my playing Mario Kart GP drunk on YouTube,
You can, however, download it for your PSP on olrpsp.com under the download section.
I assure the listeners it will be on YouTube by the time you hear this show.
Look for username Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, speaking of other amusing things, guess what Microsoft is going to be doing?
Charging me more microtransactions for luminous backgrounds.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So there's not anything they can really say on it right now, of course, but it's still very, very early on.
So they're thinking ahead.
This isn't a surprise.
I mean, Xbox 360 was being worked on years in advance.
Just because they're laying down the preliminary groundwork does not mean the 360 is dead by any means.
These things take years to happen.
I think it's getting blown out of proportion a little bit by some of the gaming media out there.
Guess what, folks?
Sony is probably working on a PlayStation 4, and Nintendo is doing a Wii again, or whatever they're going to call it.
I mean, more Wii.
Who remembers the Neptune?
How long did that take to eventually become the Dreamcast?
Oh, the Dolphin, huh?
Yeah, I gotcha.
Yeah, hopefully, though...
Maybe they'll pick a cool development name and stick to it.
Remember how disappointed people were when Nintendo dropped that name Revolution and went with Wii?
I think people are used to it now.
I think people got the sand out of their vagina now over that whole naming of the Wii.
I told you.
Revolution was a cool name.
Wasn't I right?
Simplicity, easy to remember, something people will talk about.
We'll see when the damn thing goes on sale.
Besides, they need to save Revolution in case they come up with something really, really cool like...
3D holographic projection or something like that.
They tried that.
It was a game called Time Stalker.
Which was the big reveal on this show that Nintendo was supposedly putting in the Wii console.
Yeah, but you know what?
Somebody is still working on it apparently because that was still a quote that one of the game companies out there had the technology to do it.
So, you know, unless PlayStation 3 is doing that, which I don't think so, but you know, whatever.
I guess that would justify the cost.
Alright, well, when I said something about Microsoft charging on Xbox Live for little bits and pieces here and there, I wasn't joking, folks.
Now, to be fair, it's not really Microsoft that sets up these fees.
It is the developers.
Well, wait until you hear this one.
Electronic Arts is selling Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2007 cheats on Xbox Live.
In other words, you can just download for 200 points, unlock golfer, and unlock courses.
That's 200 each.
And you will open up all the hidden golfers and courses in the game.
Don't even have to think about, oh, I've got to play through and do this.
I've got to play through and do that to unlock it.
So you can still play through the game the old-fashioned way and not have to pay the points.
But if you just want to unlock everything right at the start, just like that, pay 200 points for a simple unlock key.
Good idea, bad idea?
Bad idea.
Why?
Because it takes...
Why hands... Actually, it's more of a reflection on the society, so I don't want to say necessarily a bad idea, just a sad idea.
That people are so wanting the instant gratification, wanting it now, that they can't freaking work for something.
That pisses me off.
But Jamie, I have to have this course.
My friends are coming over tonight for a Tiger Woods tournament.
I have to play this course.
I suggest you start playing the hell out of it now.
Sit your ass down in that chair and play your goddamn golf.
Loki, any thoughts?
Good idea?
Bad idea?
I think it's dumb.
Just because, I mean, I guess what they're trying to make sure that when the next Tiger Woods game comes out, which is just going to have more courses anyways and probably not be very different,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Xbox Live Marketplace stuff that should have probably been included in the game like how to throw a pass yeah that might be useful when I play the game Jeremy Todd 1 in chat says breaking news they're going to add drivable golf carts in Tiger Woods 2008 and you'll have to pay for the steering wheel so that you'll be able to drive the golf cart I would love to drive golf carts in Tiger Woods and run over people that would sell the game for me alright well
That's just about it for the gaming news tonight, but it's not it for everything we've got to say.
Because, you know, DarkSakura, she has to surf the web up and down and left and right every single week and find a site for your viewing pleasure.
And it's featured here in the website of the week.
DarkSakura, where should the kids be pointing their browsers right now?
I would suggest the site of false advertising a gallery of parody it's at parody.organique.com that's p-a-r-o-d-y dot a sorry o-r-g-a-n-i-q-u-e dot com and it's got lots of neat little um false ads basically you just scroll through the site and uh it's basically like one of them is star sucks coffee drink our coffee or we'll break your legs
and Radio Shit, You've Got Money, We've Got Pockets.
So for those folks that like funny ha-ha parody ads.
My favorite one on here is the fourth one in.
It's an ad for Prozac.
It says, you'd kill them without it.
It shows a picture of a family.
Do they have a parody ad of the whole, you remember it was controversial about two months ago, they had the white PSP ads?
Do we have any parodies of that?
No, I haven't seen any so far.
I've seen Calvin Clone, Dare to Be the Same.
Get working on that, folks.
and BabyGasp.
Next week I'll outgrow this.
It's pretty funny.
Check it out, boys and girls.
DarkSakura's website of the week.
One other thing we've been featuring here pretty weekly here on Orange Lounge Radio are DDR previews.
We've been previewing new tracks of DDR games upcoming on the Xbox and Xbox 360 systems.
And guys, you know what?
Next week is the last week for this.
Cry, sob.
Well, that's right.
The games will be out soon enough.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, then I obviously don't know what I'm talking about, so let's get to the music.
We have two new tracks tonight from DDR Ultramix 4 and two new tracks from DDR Universe.
Let's start it off with a track from DDR Ultramix 4.
No long versions tonight, folks, sorry to say.
Just have some short tracks for you guys.
This first song is from DDR Ultramix 4.
It's by a group called Neuroactive, and the song is called More Serotonin.
Enjoy it here on the Sneak Peeks.
Neuroactive
Thanks for watching!
That was NeuroActive with more serotonin here on Orange Lounge Radio, DDR Sneak Peeks.
I caught myself doing the little head bob thing, Night at a Roxbury, during that song.
You know, for a dancey trancy song, not bad.
I like that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You guys see if maybe it's more your thing?
It's by Wave Group featuring Scotty D. They did that Stompin' at the Gotham song last week, which was awesome, that jazzy one we all liked.
So see if you like this one.
It's called Bongo here on the Orange Lounge Radio, DDR Sneak Peeps.
Bongo.
Hear that?
It's one of the most exciting sounds in the world.
It's one of the most exciting sounds in the world.
Everybody's trying to do it.
Orange Lounge Radio, DDR Sneak Peeks, that is Bongo by Wave Group featuring Scotty D, coming soon to DDR Universe.
See, what I was telling you, it's a little different.
Now, that song's growing on me.
I like the whole, like, kind of like Austin Powers, 60s spy theme vibe that song has going.
I think, with all due respect to the folks that wrote that and sang it, I think it's the voiceovers that kind of bug me a little bit in that.
I don't know, it's just, it's a little weird and out of place to me.
But, eh, it'll probably be, you know, songs sound different.
When you're just listening to them than when you do when you're actually playing them and dancing to them when they're coming out of your TV, so I'm sure I won't even notice.
Alright, let's go to a song from DDR Ultramix 4, and this one's pretty exciting.
This is by a group called Real Life, and you might remember years ago in the 80s, they did that song Semi and Angel, and they still play it in clubs around the nation, right?
So they have a song in DDR Ultramix 4, it's called Oblivion, and it was remixed by Neveraka, who did some of the other remixes in previous Ultramix games.
I didn't realize that they sung the original of that.
Hmm.
I have the Never Rock I mix, I just need to listen to the original.
There it is.
It's Real Life with Oblivion here on Orange Launch Radio.
Sneak Peeks.
Oblivion Bring it on Oblivion Bring it on
And the world turns round Yeah, life goes on And the world turns round
DDR Sneak Peeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
That was Oblivion by Real Life.
The Never Rock-A-Mix.
Alright, one more song for you guys tonight.
And this song is coming to DDR Universe.
And it's a song by Chris Fortier.
Or actually, it could be Fortier.
I'm not sure.
I think it's Fortier.
It's a song called What Have Her.
And it's going to be on DDR Universe.
Enjoy.
What have her here on Orange Lounge Radio coming soon to DDR Universe.
Something I really like about the beats of that song.
It's kind of got a very driving beat behind it.
So that's pretty cool.
That's a fun one.
We'll be playing that very soon.
Another thing we're going to be playing here are your calls.
If you want to call in and talk to us here on Orange Lounge Radio, our Skype line is now open.
It's 916-226-9067.
Please keep in mind that is a toll call.
Yes, there is an 800 number coming very, very, very, very, very soon.
We'll have that very soon.
Or you can Skype us.
Of course, you have to be listening Wednesday in order to do this, so I'm not even sure why I'm saying this.
So we'll just see if any of our hardcore listeners are trying to get through, and I see we have some already starting to come in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Hello, my friend.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
Yeah, there is a lot much.
I got Mario vs. Donkey Kong, March of the Minis.
I've seen this game advertised on TV quite a bit.
What did you think of it?
I hated the first one.
The first one was like holding your hand like a little mommy going, okay, this is how you jump this and this is how this.
This one just throws you in and just goes like, okay, fuck everything up.
I owned the first one and it was okay.
I didn't really play through the whole thing and beat it, but it was okay.
I did the illegal thing.
I did the Loki thing.
Shame!
Yeah.
Shame, shame, shame.
Alright, well, but you went out and got the second one, so I guess you've redeemed yourself a little bit.
So, it's okay?
Yeah.
It's good.
I love it.
I think it doesn't hold your hand.
That's what I love about it.
And the mini Marios are great.
They move when you move.
So when you tap the screen, they stop.
If you want them to move, they move.
And if you want them to go up, you stroke the stylus up.
It's a great game.
All right.
So you would recommend this to folks who like puzzlers or...
I recommend it.
I recommend it a lot, but the game is short.
I only got it for a couple of hours, and I'm already through the fifth level.
I'm almost done.
Will it be enough to tear me away from the duality of Phantasy Star Universe and Final Fantasy XII on the horizon this month?
No.
Okay, yeah, then I figured as much.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Yeah, Phantasy Star Universe, that game.
Sunday, you said that when it closed, you can't get it back open.
Meaning when the marketplace demo goes down, it's down.
Period.
No, it wasn't for me.
Really?
I got it to download when you said that.
You were like, it's down.
I think they left it up a little longer than it was supposed to be, but it's down now for sure.
There's folks on some of the Phantasy Star Universe forums I lurk on that say they tried to go get it and it's gone.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
A black girl.
Did you do this tip from the previous listener that says create a hot woman?
No, I just felt like something different.
I just felt like creating a black girl, name her Misty, and just see what happens.
Have you been getting flirted with a lot in the game?
No, but I've been getting those weird pop-ups that go like, hey, great website, freeones.com, or craziness.
Oh, by the way, here's a tip.
If you guys don't know, on the Phantasy Star Universe, to get those little anime-looking faces to pop up, the trick is you type at, like the at symbol, like you use in an email address, followed by one of the numbers 1 through 12, and that's what makes those faces come up.
So just go try that out.
All right, Raven's off, and we've got to let you go to get more calls, but thanks so much for your call.
Have a good one.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on OLR.
Who's this?
This is DMN.
Oh, hello, DMN.
Oh, God.
How's your mom?
My mom's doing great.
Tell her we said hi.
What's on your mind?
Well, first of all, and I heard about the ads in the games also at work today, and I think that's complete and utter bullshit.
Uh-huh.
So why is this complete and utter bullshit?
I think EA is just getting more money hungry, and they think with games like Madden 07 and franchises like Battlefield...
that they can throw those ads in and make more money.
I don't think that they need to do that.
They can make the money just fine from selling those games.
I personally don't want ads in my games, period.
Was Battlefield 2142 something you were considering purchasing?
No, I'm not a fan of those games, but I'm very disappointed in EA for doing this.
You just don't like the trend?
I don't at all.
All right.
Loki, any response for this?
Or just nothing?
I don't really care about the ads in the game.
I mean, I don't know.
Well, you know, we put up with Myspace.
But then again, I haven't played the game yet, so, you know.
Well, we'll see.
Well, let us know when you actually get a chance to play the game.
Anything else on your mind, DMN?
Elite Beat Agents.
Yes.
Woo-hoo!
WAP to everybody complaining about the song list.
Go import Owen Don.
If it's bothering you that there's not enough Japanese songs in it, go import Owen Don.
I personally think the song list is fine.
Nintendo... This is the second major music title Nintendo's released, not counting the Donkey Kongus.
Yeah, I was going to say it's the third, isn't it?
Donkey Kong 1 and 2.
Technically.
Okay.
Um...
I like it.
It's a good game.
They're not catering to the hardcore music gamer, which is a bit disappointing, but Nintendo's in a business of making money, and if they can make more money by putting in Ashley Simpson and Avril Lavigne and artists people are familiar with, then they're going to make more money because people are going to be like, oh, I know these artists.
I like these songs.
Yeah, I agree that the music game fans do have to recognize Nintendo typically has to be geared at a younger audience, which is, you know, kind of who listens to Sk8er Boi and that Ashley Simpson chick.
And, you know, this can be an enabler, because if this game is a success, we'll see more music titles from Nintendo.
And Owen Don?
Pretty darn original, considering, you know, a lot of folks say that there's not a lot original they can do with music games.
Owen Don kind of proved that wrong in Elite Beat Agents now, so...
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
And while we're on the subject of music games, Konami can kiss my ass.
Why is that?
Why on the In The Groove thing?
Yeah, I'm upset with that because I know Konami is going to acquire them, dig them in the ground, and we're going to have DDR.
I liked In The Groove, I liked some of the concepts.
I'd like to see Konami, you know, maybe see money within The Groove, release a third In The Groove, maybe leave it at that.
because the hardcore players, the players who enjoy playing those incredibly difficult songs will be catered to and Konami will make more money.
Damn, man, we don't know for sure what Konami's going to do yet.
It's possible we could see, I personally doubt this, but it's possible you could see Ka show up in DDR in the future.
And that would be awesome because I appreciate the music and...
I know him on a personal level, and he's a good guy, and he works really hard on that stuff.
So I'd like to see him in a DDR mix, or I'd like to see Naoki in it in the groove.
Either way, I'd like to see Konami do something with this and not bury in the groove in the ground.
I do think in the groove may go away, but maybe you'll see elements of the game show up.
Who knows?
I do kind of personally feel that my gut just tells me it's gone.
Gone, gone, gone, gone.
Alright, well DMN, thanks for your opinion.
Have a good week, okay?
Alright, you too, man.
Alright, see ya.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's me.
It's me, who's me?
It's me, Mario.
It's me, VXJasonXV.
Hello, VXJasonXV.
You haven't called in in a while.
It's good to hear from you.
I have not.
I can really only listen live every other week, because every other week I am sleeping before working.
I was thinking maybe your feathers were really ruffled tonight about something to cause you to call in.
Well, that too, but I was thinking.
Well, then what has you wanting to lay an egg tonight?
I'm with everybody else that the in-game advertising is really dumb.
Now, if this was a Madden game, if this was any sports game, I would be completely different, in my opinion.
But this is bull.
I'm not understanding the difference.
Because how many... Have you watched the news for any shots overseas that we are currently invading?
Have I watched the nightly news to see footage from Iraq?
How many of those have product advertisements?
In a war zone, targeted advertising really doesn't make sense to me.
I can understand the whole sports thing too because a lot of arenas and stuff have advertising plastered everywhere all over the place and as I said in sports games it makes sense for a couple of reasons Devil's Advocate, Battlefield 2142 takes place in the future, who's to say in these battle mech arenas they don't have advertising and I'm sure that they're still selling the 2007 Scion or whatever in 2142 and the Cheaps and Dodges collector's edition
Uh, no.
I mean, for sports games, I understand it, and I would have a different opinion for a couple of reasons.
One, sports games do not have dedicated player-run servers.
Unless I miss something with Battlefield, that's not the case.
Just like Counter-Strike and everything else, you should be able to run your own server.
Am I wrong?
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know either.
Sorry, buddy.
Well, first-person shooters generally aren't locked into a specific service for a PC game.
So, second, just as Loki said, there are advertisements in stadiums, in arenas, in venues.
I don't walk outside and see a billboard unless I'm driving and I'm in the middle of the interstate.
Can you click on these ads in Battlefield and in the sports games?
No.
No, they're just digital things.
Shoot them and it'll launch up a browser.
Look, it's a valid question to ask, because in Anarchy Online it's different, right?
You can do that, right?
It's just, they're just there.
It's just like a picture.
Okay, never mind.
Never mind where my thought was going.
I was going to make this comparison to MySpace, but forget it.
I'm not going to bother.
On the same hand, I also disagree with the method they're going about doing it.
Just based off the fact that it's targeted...
doesn't sound right.
I mean, I would understand communicating with an ad server, but not by taking personal details.
This whole, it's anonymous bullshit, no.
No, not going to happen.
I wouldn't mind, again, I would not mind ads in modern day sports gaming or applicable gaming, but where they're doing it and how they're doing it for Battlefield?
Jason, are you on Xbox Live?
On old Xbox.
How do you feel about them using your IP address to give you advertising?
Where do they advertise this to me in Xbox?
Maybe not on old Xbox, but on new Xbox.
You see those banner ads all the time.
Download the new... Well, like I said, I don't have a 360.
Well, but still, Microsoft is Microsoft, and, you know, live is live.
You don't think it's showing what game... I mean, okay, I can log in at any time, Jason.
Perfect example.
You know why they have to supplement their income with... Okay, and this is kind of a stupid excuse, but you know why they have to supplement their income with advertising and stuff?
Because people pirate games.
Oh, boo-hoo, that's a crock of bullshit.
People turn profit all the time, even with piracy.
Don't you even bring out that.
Billions of dollars lost in the entertainment industry.
You of all people should talk, Loki.
Hey, that's why I thought it was ironic, seeing as I just had an arcade game running on my laptop.
Jason, I wouldn't brag about that.
Jason, anything else you want to share with us?
A lot of people have said that lately.
I think that's because I've actually been talking again.
You should be a late night DJ on our station, Jason.
Coming up next, music from In The Groove, if you know what I mean.
Alright, have a good one, Jason.
See ya.
Bringing it down and dirty like the litigation.
One more call.
You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who the hell is this?
Hi there, everybody.
It's Ranma.
Hi, Ranma.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hi, Rantan.
Hi, Jamie.
I listened to the first part of the podcast, and I have to bitch.
This whole profession of video gamer, can I find this guy and beat living daylights out of him?
Oh, you're talking about last week's show with the guy who dropped out of high school to go play video games for a living?
Yes, I know, I know.
I don't understand why he would just drop out of school and become a professional video gamer.
If I told my mother that she would knock me into next week, hell, I think any kid that tells their parent that their parent is looking like they're crazy and take the console away from them.
You know what?
It's not going to happen.
Do you see where that might be?
Again, to play devil's advocate.
I'm somewhat in agreement with you.
I'm not quite as violent as you on the issue, but I'm in agreement that he should have finished school.
No, it's fine.
Everybody's welcome to their opinion.
But...
If you're a high school kid and you're that age.
and you think you know everything, but you really don't.
And anyone who's over the age of 21 will tell somebody who's under the age of 18, wait until college, wait until your 20s.
And when we say that, we mean it, folks.
I know we have a lot of teens listening to the program.
We're not trying to do that to sound mean or elitist or anything.
You really will learn so much more when you go to college.
It's unreal.
You learn about drugs.
The birds and the bees.
Look, I just...
Trust me, my 20s were an eye-opening experience in so many ways.
But anyway, where I was going with this, when you're 16 and you think you know everything but you don't, and somebody's going to offer you $10,000 or stay in high school and have to go to those teachers that hate me, my teachers hate me, right?
What are you going to do?
Right.
See, I take the $10,000 and I'll at least try to use it towards my education.
See, that's something I learned, you know.
Maybe to him, he had the starry eyes, he's going to do something.
I give him props for doing something that we probably wanted to be, the ultimate video gamer, as he claims that he is.
But the thing is, what is he going to do when he loses, and loses, and loses, and then no one's going to really care about this guy?
What's he going to do then, you know?
Exactly.
Wear your sky hat Saturday.
Okay.
Bye.
They're not getting it.
So, no Gears of War for you.
Because it'd be banned.
It's too violent.
You know.
For Germany?
Well, yeah, they were, they, well, I guess, they seem like they have a laid-back country.
Dead Rising, remember?
Dead Rising didn't come out there.
Alright, alright, alright.
I know, I didn't get it either, but, you know, whatever.
You know, poop porn, okay.
Gears of War, not okay.
Don't get it.
I'd be curious to hear from a German listener what the culture's like there.
Send us an email.
Mailbag at orangemonstrider.com Yeah, I have no idea.
I make up stuff off the top of my head as far as culture goes.
Anyways, this isn't really gaming.
I think sometimes he forgets that we record this and people actually listen to it and form opinions on us based on what they hear.
I want somebody in Germany to kidnap me and treat me to beer.
This is exciting and I know we didn't talk about it on the show.
Konami.
You might remember the Gradius Collection, right?
Well, apparently that did okay because we're going to see a Salamander Collection, Twinbee Collection, and Parodius Collection.
Are these all separate games?
These are all separate games.
You said the P word.
Yes.
Parodius.
Maybe Sexy Proteus will be unlockable.
I love chatting Proteus.
The Salamander collection will include Salamander, Life Force, Salamander 2, and I have no idea how to pronounce this, but X-E-X-E-X, whatever that is.
Sexies.
I've seen that before.
And a secret game.
Parodius Collection will include Parodius Da, Gokoju Parodius, Sexy Parodius, Jinkyu, Oshaburi Parodius, and another secret title.
And finally, Twinbee Collection includes Twinbee, Deltanaw Twinbee, Twinbee Yahoo, and Poppin' Twinbee.
And those are all PSP.
Yahoo is like, Yahoo.
And those are all PSP?
All PSP.
Wow.
So that's pretty sweet.
I'm never going to let the PSP out of my sight.
Wow, I have to say Life Force and the whole Salamander series is my favorite shooter.
That was one of my favorite ones.
Next to Guardian Legend, which I've given up hope on Guardian Legend.
Then EA announced a new Def Jam game, Def Jam Icon, and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But music comes into play in a very big part.
As in, you're fighting and the whole environment reacts to the music.
You see cars bouncing and the buildings... Eventually, as you're throwing more combos and stuff, buildings start crushing down and stuff like that.
And actually, the bass and stuff plays into your attacks.
And you can actually throw people on the walls and stuff like that.
That sounds pretty cool.
I have to give him props.
As much as I hated that one Def Jam game I played, Fight for New York or whatever it was,
That sounds kind of neat.
It looks pretty.
Wow.
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
So, I mean, I'm kind of, you know, I'm kind of interested in that because, you know, that might be worth checking out.
But, anyways, and then... I bet JT will have a field day with this one.
Oh, I'm sure, whatever.
Anyways, there's some other cool stuff.
Well, this isn't really game related, but for some reason Joystick ran this story.
There's a school, I guess, that banned tag and other chasing games for recess.
I don't know what the hell that has to do with anything.
That's retarded.
Yeah, it's just where society's going.
I think it's a reflection on that.
Yeah, so that's kind of interesting.
And then some interesting stuff.
Of course, we knew Far Cry, the movie, being directed by Uwe Boll.
That's interesting, I guess.
So I will not be seeing Far Cry, the movie.
Exactly.
And then finally, we had...
Jairus Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, Mutant Storm Empire, which looks pretty awesome.
Hot.
I actually like Mutant Storm Reloaded, even if it does have crappy loading times.
They fixed that, though.
I know, I heard.
Yeah.
and it looks pretty and small arms and several others that they haven't revealed yet so hopefully castle crashers which I heard someone reported that some woman thinks that's racist I saw that on Destructoid hilarious video go check it out so anyways
That's all the news I got.
All right.
That's it.
That's the show, boys and girls.
Thank you so much for tuning in and listening to us tonight.
And apologies for the short show.
But you know what?
Once in a while, we got to take a vacation.
And that's what we're all doing this weekend.
Take care of our shit.
But we'll see you next week with episode 206, the last of our DDR previews.
Sob, sob, sob.
Hopefully, we're working on an interview to go along with that.
So keep your eyes peeled for that one.
and more of the same antics you know and love here from us on Orange Lounge Radio such as the final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I still have a headache and I need to find my USB to PlayStation 2 adapters for my laptop.
My final thought is Airborne Rocks.
DarkSakura.
I'm hungry!
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting Independent Radio.
Hey, since you only get one part this week, why don't you go visit our MySpace and check out the old clips of the show that we have up there.
www.myspace.com slash orange lounge radio.
Yes, we all know it's where the internet goes to die and we're all embarrassed to admit we have one.
But as long as you're in that cesspool of the internet, why not find us?
We're a shining beacon in that dirt hole of the internet.
Anyway, thank you guys so much for tuning in.
We love you.
Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next week.
