We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 204 for this October the 15th of 2006.
If this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, don't forget that Orange Lounge
Radio is podcast twice a week, so you're actually listening to the second half of a show already
in progress.
If you want to catch the whole thing live when it broadcasts, you should listen to Orange
Lounge Radio live on Sunday nights, or there's always our rebroadcast that plays on all games
radio Monday nights at 5 o'clock Pacific time and Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m.
Speaking of all games radio, our buddy Bobby Blackwolf, who does a show over there Sunday
nights as well just before we do, he's going to be doing some type of trivia contest at
the big video games expo, which I wish I was going, but sadly I'm not.
The VG Expo, if you're within traveling distance, unfortunately, when I talk about going now
we're talking about a plane ticket, but for those of you on the East Coast, it's probably
very drivable from lots of different spots on the East Coast.
Check it out.
Valley Forge Convention Center right outside Philly, October 27th through the 29th, VGExpo.com.
Bobby wanted me to point out, for those of you that went to Digital Life, this is only
a couple hours from New York, and this is nothing but games at this show, so check it
out.
Bobby's going to be doing some game show hosting, which I'm a little bit jealous because I like
hosting game shows, but sadly no con has asked us to do a game show yet, oh well.
Such is life.
Yes.
Back to games.
Exactly.
Well, such is life that we would have more news about Halo 3 at some point, and at some
point it's going to be Halloween.
Yes, the spooky holiday will feature some brand new news about Halo 3, and yeah, that's
about all we know is that there's going to be news.
It's news about upcoming news, and Halo 3 is coming soon.
That's going to be the big news.
Do you think, as we theorized previously, because you know you have that whole report
talking about Halo 3 is likely to be coming out in April or May, do you think this could
be where they drop that bombshell?
Could this be the big bombshell that's coming out?
It would be aptly timed, but probably not.
Do you think it's more something along the notion of gameplay?
You know this is time, though, to take a little bit of Sony's thunder from PlayStation 3,
to get people talking about Halo 3 amongst the PlayStation 3 and Wii chaos that's sure
to be going on in November.
Well, I guess currently right now they're showing Halo 3 to a select group of magazine
journalists, not websites, but a handful of magazine folks, and yeah, it looks like they're
going to be having some sort of an event, and they're inviting game journalists from
the U.S. and Europe to visit their studio and show a quick single player demo.
All right, well, you know, I would say go out and buy the magazine to see the news,
but it's going to be all over the Internet the day it comes out anyway, probably before
it lands in your mailbox, so just read the Internet.
Speaking of things that are at least being said around the Internet and other places,
Sony's talking some crap.
Actually, to be specific, that would be Nobuyuki Ide, who was the former CEO of Sony.
He's actually their current chief corporate advisor, so when he was asked about the Xbox
360 beating the PS3 to market, he said Microsoft is not a technology company.
No, they make lunchboxes.
Well, and Nintendo makes cards, at least they used to back in the day, but, you know.
Yeah, they made Hanafuda cards.
Does it used to run brothels, too?
I really don't know.
I just think that that's funny, because this guy was responsible for a lot of damage to
Sony's profits back in the day.
I think that it would be in Sony's best interest right now not to be throwing mud.
That's what I would be doing.
You know, concentrate on getting your console out instead of saying, our console is better
than your console, except our console is not out yet, and yours is.
Well, Sony pisses me off even more, because they're discontinuing the iBo.
I love the iBo.
Yeah, but the iBo is useless.
The iBo is their little robot dog.
I think that if they're going to do anything, they should make the iBo a peripheral for
the PS3.
That would sell more units.
Oh, yeah, I think that might actually happen.
That might sell me one.
I'd buy one.
That's just what I need.
My PlayStation 3 to bark at me and play Blu-rays.
Brilliant idea, Jamie.
After all, I mean, after looking at the iAdjudgment setup that they have at G, I think I'd rather
have a barking PlayStation 3 in that iAdjudgment.
No, no, no.
It wouldn't bark.
It would hook up to the PS3, and instead of having Nintendogs, you'd have a real dog sim
because you'd have your robot dog.
So it's like Rob the Robot.
But only good for more than one game.
This is why you're on Internet radio, Jamie, and not in a boardroom.
You know what?
My idea is with some money.
People should hire me.
They need to create Rob the Robot.
I always wanted a miniature version of it for the DS or something like that, that would
sit next to your DS and do the same little thing and just re-release Gyromite or something
like that.
I think that'd be fun.
Well, actually, one of the good things about the iBo is it actually was a very inexpensive,
pretty, you know, interestingly complex AI in the little system that you could afford
better than a human-sized robot, and a lot of AI developers and robotics experts were
actually buying iBos for experiments.
Drunami in our chat room is suggesting that here on Orangetown's radio, we could replace
Loki with an iBo.
That would be cute.
That would be pretty fun.
I bet the iBo is a lot cuter.
iBos are really cute.
It'd go well with my new Mac when I get it.
Speaking of Sony, before Loki has a chance to give a counter argument there, speaking
about Sony executives who are sitting in boardrooms eating crayons all day when they ought to
be working, this executive, Michael Ephraim from Sony of Australia, you know, he made
this crazy comment earlier in the week that was essentially insinuating that the Wii and
the 360 were too pricey.
The maker of the most expensive console for the next gen says the Wii and the 360 are
too pricey.
Okay, whatever.
Well, he further clarified his statements later in the week, but this is what he said,
quote, sorry you didn't have the opportunity to buy a PlayStation 3 this year, but I'm
sure it beats lining up in a queue for hours on end only to be told the store has sold
out.
Okay.
No doubt in response to the delays over in Europe and some of the other countries.
So yeah, too bad you didn't have that opportunity to do that now.
Don't worry, your opportunity is coming soon.
This just goes, look, again, I'm sure the PlayStation 3 is going to be a just fine system.
Give it a little, it's like a fine wine, it will age just fine.
But Sony executives, seriously, gag order, seriously Sony, if you're listening, you
need all these people to STFU, you need to get a public figure that is not going to be
a laughing stock of the internet such as Reggie Miyamoto over there or Major Nelson, Peter
Moore over here, Sony needs somebody like that.
And I'll tell you what, it's not this guy, it's not Kaz, giant enemy crab guy, who as
I hear has suffered so much embarrassment from that, he doesn't do public appearances
anymore.
I feel bad for him almost in a way, his boss has probably made him do that, and Kaz.
Oh, I'm sure they leave giant enemy crabs at his desk and stuff like that.
You know that game is just never going to come out now, or if it does come out, that
will be on the big sticker.
It should be one of those things like the movie Showgirls, where at this point it should
just be self-aware of the joke that it is now and just market itself as, hey, we're
that historically accurate game with the crabs.
That would be funny though.
Maybe they could just say the game caught crabs.
He goes to his doctor for a physical, I've got bad news for you.
You have giant enemy crabs, poor guy.
Anyways, yeah, but as if it wasn't bad enough, you know, that Sony is opening their mouth
and getting themselves in trouble, now of course they're receiving flak from the most
likely of places, a Microsoft blogger, whoo, anyways.
But this apparent Microsoft blogger was talking about their PS3 online service and saying
that, well, it seems to be a mishmash of online accounts, logins, services, for example, now
when I play a PS3 title, I simply can't depend on having a single friends list, Sony will
manage the master list, which should have presence in every PS3 title, and XFire will
be a plugin that some publishers integrate into some games, and some won't.
That means gamers can't depend on finding their friends in one place.
And he goes on talking about more other stuff and talking about how XFire is going to cost
money because they're, you know, licensing it and stuff, and what's that going to do
with the whole service and the fact that we haven't really heard much about, you know,
their online service and, yeah, so who knows.
So some fair, equal time type stories here.
Microsoft's doing some of the smack talking too.
Maybe should be leaving the PR to folks like Major Nelson and maybe some of the underground
communities, the huge Xbox fan communities out there, some of our other friendly podcasts
such as Gamertag and XBL, you know.
But there is some other interesting stuff though, and this is funny because as soon
as they, you know, ran this, that of course someone had to come to Sony's defense, and
that they did.
And actually, they were talking about, you know, some of the information and they also
posted it in their blog saying there's some bad information, you know, there responding
to the blog post.
That I'll get to in a sec, but it was interesting to me because it highlights some pretty core
differences in the approach that the PlayStation folks have taken and just kind of talking
about how, you know, the XFire friends list is not a replacement for the PS3 friends list
and that it's, you know, I don't know, it's basically Sony's, some guy named Smed.
All right, yeah, so very interesting, yeah, their online president, Smed.
Okay.
Welcome to Sony, eat this crayon.
All right, look, let's go from all these smack talking executives to you guys smack talking
us in our mailbag.
No, just kidding, we haven't gotten a lot of hate mail recently, have we?
Not really.
Oh, that's good, that's good.
I'm glad you guys have been nice and polite, we appreciate that.
You can send us an email, it's mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com and every week Dark
Sakura suits up with her rubber gloves and his besto suit and digs in there and tries
to avoid the anthrax and the flames from the hate mail, of which we haven't gotten much
lately.
Actually, I did get anthrax lately, but it was with Public Enemy bringing the noise.
I see, but me saying, you know, we haven't gotten hate mail, you know, that just encouraged
like five pieces of hate mail for this week, so that should be fun.
We like getting the hate mail, it's fun to read.
Sometimes it's amusing for five seconds.
Yeah, so anyway, let's read some of our email, shall we Dark Sakura?
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com, send us more.
Well, the first email actually comes from Orko4, basically saying that in Hickory, North
Carolina there was a restaurant called Tallywhacker's, me bringing up how they should make peckers
as a thing to hooters, and that the owner wanted the waiters to be shirtless and wearing
speedos but they couldn't for help violations, so they wore, you know, really tight ass shorts
and tank tops.
Oh yeah, I remember you talking about the mail hooters a couple weeks ago.
They went out of business.
I wonder why.
And the last line says, keep up the great work and I can't wait to hear the Doctor Who
website of the week.
Well, it's not Doctor Who this week, so ugh.
It's Torchwood.
That's a spin-off.
I see.
Next comes from Mike, hey, the other day I saw a Nintendo presentation on game trailers.
Is that how it really started off, hey!
It said hey.
It said suddenly it's that little fairy that follows you in The Legend of Zelda, wasn't
it, Natty?
Hey, listen!
Hey, listen!
That's how I want you all to open up your emails from now on.
Hey, listen!
Anyway, to continue, it says that the price points for the Virtual Console 500, 700, and
1000 points are actually awarded as starting at points.
So does this mean that we could be paying $15 for a Nintendo 64 game?
Just wanted to hear your thoughts.
Possibly.
We'll see.
I went through behind him.
You know what I was just thinking about, though?
If Ocarina of Time does come to Virtual Console, why would I get that?
Because I have the little GameCube disc that had it on there, so.
Yeah, that was a limited release, so.
Yeah, whatever.
I thought the Nintendo 64 was going to be $10.
I thought it was $5 for NES, $8 for Super Nintendo, $10 for Nintendo 64.
Yeah.
Oh.
Okay.
Another email from Michael.
It says, hey, Skyloki and DarkSakura and maybe Drudami, who is not here tonight.
He's in our chat.
Stop that.
Stop what?
Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
Rob, only you can see this.
Oh, look, you can see it, too.
But it's aimed toward you.
I see.
Thank you.
Is that your IQ?
One?
No.
Mail?
Email?
First off, I'd like to say that I love your show.
Thank you.
And I've been listening on the podcast stream for a year and a few months, and I most recently
listened live last week.
Speaking of which, I was the one who called in and hung up Tassete Purim, I guess I said
that.
I think it's Latin.
I didn't take Latin.
Sorry.
I think he's actually renamed himself in chat to just call me Mike.
So we'll call him Mike.
Hi, Mike.
Sorry about that.
I forgot to mute the live stream while using Skype.
Oops.
Anyway, earlier on Xbox, what's up with me?
On episode 203, sports games came up.
Most of the hosts on OLR aren't sports games fans.
You said that sports games are just a roster update.
Well, the same can be said about music games.
Sure, games like DDR have a few very marginal new innovations, but for the most part, the
games are just the same damn thing with new music.
And to some idiotic gamers, they just hear weird Japanese techno and they think it's
the same damn thing with the same music and a new number after the title.
While I disagree with both arguments, I think that both make a valid point.
So here's my call to the game developers and producers.
Don't make a new game until it's ready.
Sure, your game can have all the songs or players in the world, but don't put it out
until it is better than its predecessor.
That's exactly what they're doing at 3D Realms.
What?
It took Nukem forever.
They're making sure that it's ready.
Is email done?
No.
Okay.
Because I want to say something, but go ahead.
This goes for all games, not just music or sports games.
Take the Halo franchise, for example.
Halo 1, a masterpiece.
Halo 2, an Unreal Tournament skin.
Don't get me wrong, I play Halo 2 almost exclusively.
Halo 2 was pushed out the door too quickly and just for live experience.
Halo 2 was an unsatisfying game that could have been even better than the original.
Then the master of re-releasing a game, whether it needs to be or not.
Metal Slug.
I love Metal Slug.
It rocks.
But when it's been pushed toward me on every available medium with no new features, it
makes me never want to buy a Metal Slug game again, even if it has every feature in the
world.
I love Metal Slug.
Anyway.
Game developers need to realize something.
Sure, you release the sequel to a good game, it sells well.
But what if you want to make it a trilogy?
Is it accepted?
Or is it looked on as milking the franchise?
It makes sense in the short term, but in one of the worst options in the long run.
Soon gamers will get smart and realize they are being scammed by buying the same game
every year.
I've been trying to tell this to anyone who will listen, sadly I think it's too late.
PS, sorry if I'm sending you this email again, it's to the first one.
Oh, yeah, I didn't get the first one, sorry.
Okay, I thought it was a pretty clever comparison, the whole roster update versus the music games,
but I think for that it really depends on what you're into.
I don't hate sports games, I just recognize that that's not what I'm into, you know?
And I'm sure for most of them, maybe dance games isn't really what they're into, and
so they wouldn't recognize the fact that the new dance games do go through interface upgrades
and usually there's a new mode in them somewhere, and certainly the entire list of songs gets
refreshed with, in the beginning there were quite a few carryovers, but in the more recent
mixes, there's been very few carryovers, and so on and so on.
I'm not going to bore you to death with the comparisons, but it's an interesting analogy,
but I think us being fans of dance games, we don't see that, you or other sports games
fans being fans of sports games, you don't see that either, that the rest of us just
see the roster update or whatever.
Well, actually I think it's exactly the same thing, the fact that neither of the games
have huge improvements, granted sports games go through graphical improvements and roster
updates, but this is even coming from people reviewing the brand new EA lineup or whatever
that they aren't really adding anything new and it really just is a roster update.
But that's something that they need to improve in both dance games and sports games and probably
a lot of other games, like God of War 2, that looks like an update to God of War 1, a lot
of games are like that nowadays.
Jeremy Todd 1 in our chat room has an interesting point, roster updates don't really change
the gameplay all too much.
New music and music games do change gameplay a bit.
You have to learn new steps and that sort to the new songs.
You don't really change much for roster updates, but even the sports games do get some new
modes for their respective games just once in a while, just like the dance games.
For instance, we know that in the new Xbox ones we're going to have the non-stop mixes,
things like that.
Alright, that's my thoughts.
Well, we also got another email from Rini and it's a fairly long one, so just to sort
of paraphrase of it, it's going into more innovation in the DDR series of games, but
I'm going to start from here.
Actually, I want to read the first one just because it was really nice.
Good day to OLR and happy belated episode 203.
May you have another 396 more at this point and beyond.
That was really sweet, thank you.
So to continue on toward the middle part of this letter, there was some discussion going
on in the Air and in Japan and DDR UK forums that was started to see what users had in
mind for some realistic and reasonable feature additions that could be added to DDR.
I'll try to make things brisk with a few suggestions made by the community.
Preview background mode and steps at the song wheel and maybe at the modifier screen.
Challenge steps for every song in the sense that they would not only give something for
expert players, but would also bring out the full potential of the song according to Konami
so that we don't have the boring as hell licenses from the arcade supernova that has gaps of
nothing for no reason.
Wave break 0.25 and half speed, why hasn't Konami put these in?
If UltraMix 3 allows 0.5 speed and Phantom modifiers, then why can't the PS2 versions
have them?
Custom courses set on a home version can be used at the arcade with the ability to include
any song available on the arcade machine.
Also should have a maximum of four songs on nonstop mode and allow modifiers and a max
of five songs on challenge mode that disallows modifiers for these courses.
Trade edit data online and at the arcade, submit arcade score data online through a
home version by way of memory card.
Those are some good suggestions.
They are good suggestions and certainly we've thought through the show, many years we've
been doing the show, a lot of you guys when you've called in said very similar things.
Keep in mind that another thing that maybe goes along with the last email, the whole
roster updates, something Konami seems to be doing with the DDR is that they really
try to make each one its own separate thing.
The Xbox DDRs and the PlayStation 2 DDRs are really separate, they're their own different
things.
It's interesting to see where the arcade versions fit in now with the whole...
I think Supernova for me feels more like a, is there a market for DDR again?
I don't know.
If Supernova is successful, I would think that maybe we're going to get another arcade
release.
I don't know.
I think either way it's inevitable.
We're going to see Supernova 2 or something like that next year because with the leftover
songs that you didn't get from the arcade this year at least, but we'll see.
I am going to put this one up on our site, but there is though a last paragraph on here.
By the way, the emails that I post are going to be on the live show discussion area on
our forums.
It says Implayboy can just get the fuck out with their pathetic excuse of a video game
related centerfold.
All the artistic offerings out there read hentai, beat the shit they have easily and
for free, although it is commendable that they get CG nudity, right?
P.S.
More goddamn ferret.
I actually heard that the CG nudity on it looked pretty crappy.
I did look at the final thing, well the final one that was post-ed, censored of course.
It wasn't that great.
Well it's Fake Boobs Implayboy, which is kind of a, you know, it's like money at the bank.
Exactly.
Well, to continue, the next one comes from JeremyTod1.
First off, you probably already got a couple of emails on the subject and probably aren't
even going to talk about it on the show, but here's my email.
O.L.R.'s enemy, G4, is finally mostly gone.
Yes, I know the words G4 are banned from O.L.R., but for now we might not need to talk about
them much anymore.
This is all I'm going to say on this because you're right, those words are banned from
this network.
I think a lot of people are saying it's definitely the doom and gloom of the network.
I think it's more the doom and gloom of the network as a gaming network because it's being
merged in with E-Networks, which also runs like the Style Channel and some other channels.
That doesn't mean the station's gone or merged into E yet, although I think that may be a
foregone conclusion that happens in the future.
But don't expect any gaming content outside of X-Play, but this is not news again.
That channel has not been a gaming channel for the past 18 months.
Where have you been?
This is still not news.
So what?
They're doing a corporate restructuring around there.
It's not going to save them.
Flush that shit down the toilet and be done with it.
There is a quote on here, though, that I knew it from the get-go.
I do agree with the vision.
This is actually a quote from the Ian-style chief, Ted Harbert.
I do agree with the vision of going after young men more than going after gaming.
Gaming has been demonstrated as being too narrow.
Narrow my ass!
There are a lot of gamers out there.
Text email, please.
No offense to the men listening and the men in the room, but stupid men.
Anyway.
Well.
I didn't mean you guys.
You guys are fairly liberated in your mental states, and so are our listeners.
Kisses.
Is that all the email?
No!
Well, then get to the next one.
We're out of time here.
Yeah, my voice is running out.
Hey, O-L-R. This, by the way, comes from Kenji.
So I just picked up Clubhouse Games for the DS, and I cannot emphasize this enough.
It is definitely a must-buy if you've got to hook up to the Wi-Fi connection.
Even though the bowling physics are awful, you can't go all-in, and you can bet yourself
out of a negative chip score.
Playing nine-ball is similar to playing the game underwater or in space.
Take your pick.
You can't deny the infinite replayability of this game.
Also, you can pick to chat via Wi-Fi.
It can only be, however, on matches with your friends, and, of course, you can pick to via
local wireless play and chat with your present messages on WorldFi Wi-Fi.
So DMN lied to us last week?
Of course, he had the game before most people.
He had the game before most people, so he probably didn't have friends on Wi-Fi yet,
so that makes sense.
That makes me want to buy the game, though.
Why?
Dirty Wi-Fi.
Dirty Wi-Fi chat?
Yeah.
That would be fun.
Anyway, it is because of the awesomeness of this game that I come to you with a request,
nay, a favor.
I wanted to make an OLR Clubhouse games night where we all exchange friend codes, make a
date and time, and basically play the night away.
Perhaps you'd all like to participate, you being Jamie, Sky, and Loki, and you also being
the rest of the people listening.
At long last, pick to chatting, drop 4 biatch can become a reality, but only with your help.
I've left a post in the forums for anyone who's interested, as I always love the show.
Kenji?
Just so you know, I did see that post earlier in the week, and I actually just moved it
to the OL Army forums because it's kind of fit a little more with that because we try
to create teams in certain games that will follow the cardinal rule of the OL Army is
don't be a dick.
So we just want people to join up that just want to have fun and not try to have that
elitist attitude or like, you know, my plus four sword can be your plus two, you know,
who cares?
Get in the game and have fun with it.
Put your plus four sword in your pants.
That's exactly right.
So I actually moved that post over to the OL Army and I posted my code there.
So if you want to add that would be cool and certainly we could set up a night for gaming.
Maybe it could be a tie in with one of the live shows that we do during the week because
a lot of people don't know there's shows we do on Orange Launch Radio, but we don't podcast
because, you know, we like to be a live radio network.
So Dark Sakura has her thing on Tuesdays and I have a show on Wednesdays and there may
be more shows coming soon.
We know Loki's got something in the works and there's something else I'm trying to get
on board.
We'll see.
We're coming from GS 191, we got a really long email, but I thought it was very cool
and have posted it on that thread that I mentioned prior on there.
So I'd love to get some discussion started up on that.
I will.
The other emails that I was going to post up to will be coming.
It's just been, like I said, I've had a sinus infection the last week, so I haven't really
done much of anything.
Excuses, excuses.
I'm kidding.
Would you like the sinus infection?
Not really.
I would love to see you on erythromycin.
Not really.
Okay.
Not erythromycin.
Just a, you know, he who shall not be named.
Anything else for emails?
Yes.
God damn, we got a lot of emails this week.
They love us.
One more.
Last email.
We got to keep moving.
Yes.
This is the one that came on through MySpace.
Ah, okay.
Yes.
I remember this one.
This is a MySpace message.
Gally from Breakdown Radio.
Mm-hmm.
Hey guys, Gally here from the Breakdown.
I'm a big fan of the show and you guys rock swords big time.
Sorry I didn't send this to your mailbag, but I think being yelled at by the boss right
now, damn the man.
Anyway, with all this talk of the Wii 60 going down, do you guys think it's a smart move
on a personal level?
Do you guys already have 360s, but try and look at it from the perspective of a gamer
who has neither yet?
Do you think it would be a wise move to do the Wii 60, stick with one of the two, or
is the last alternative, which I highly doubt because of Sakura's crayon eating references,
holding out for the PS3?
It seems a lot of gamers out there face that dilemma and we've been thinking this question
a lot from our listeners.
I'm sorry, we've been getting this question a lot from our listeners and peers.
So what do you think?
Okay, DarkSakura, please remind our listeners of the golden rule of gaming.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Yes, and this is why I have her bring this up because it's really about what you want
out of this next generation of gaming.
If you're rich and are really into gaming and want to buy all three systems, hey, go
for it.
Get them all.
But if you are not rich and you only have the choice, you know, do I want to get a PS3
or do I want to do the Wii 60 thing, or hell, can I really only pick one of these?
You know, you really have to consider what games do you want to play.
And I think especially right now between Wii and Xbox 360, there's vastly different games
available on the two systems, so you really have to ask yourself, am I wanting to do the
wavy controller, Elibits, Zelda, WarioWare type of game, or do I want to get online and
play Gears of War and soon Halo 3 and maybe some, you know, games like Enchanted Arms
or NFL NBA type games that are available on Xbox 360?
You really have to consider.
And then the way PlayStation 3 works into it is that, you know, even though a lot of
games that, you know, we're hearing are kind of the same things we saw on Xbox 360, i.e.
Oblivion and so on, they are going to have their own games eventually that stand out.
My personal mindset is that you don't need to get a PlayStation 3 right out the gate,
but I say that because for me, there's no games on this yet that I have to have.
A year from now, I'm probably going to feel a lot differently.
By the time Final Fantasy 13, Metal Gear Solid 4 start hitting the market, you know what,
I'm probably going to be Sony fanboy all over again.
But as far as the launch goes, I'm not really sold.
So if you think you're going to have some money now and then more money in a year and
PlayStation 3 doesn't have the lineup for you right now, do what I'm doing.
Buy the Wii now so you have your Wii 6, because I bought the Xbox 360, you know, six months
ago so, you know, it's spaced out enough where this isn't a huge financial impact.
Buy the Wii when it comes out and then buy the PlayStation 3 later down the line.
But, you know, again, it's up to you and what games you want to play.
And there's no real clear answer we can give.
We can only tell you based on what we play.
But there's going to be Sony fanboys that say, no, you have to have one of these on
launch because you have to have Lair and Warhawk and Sixaxis for life and yadda, yadda, yadda.
But it's all about what you want.
Well, from my perspective, I'm getting them all anyway, so...
I'd say if you can get them all, get them all.
That way you're not limited.
ActDeaf says, I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'll get a 360 just to play
UNO.
You might be being sarcastic, but you're really wasting your time if that's all you want because
you can play it for free on Zone MSN, or, hell, Clubhouse Games has something just like
it.
So, if now you must have strip UNO with the webcam, well, I suppose a 360 is the only
place you could do that.
I don't know.
Rama says PlayStation 3 will be bringing it back to the store after it breaks in 20 minutes.
Hey, you know what?
That's something to be said too.
Maybe you don't want to get a first generation worth of console.
I learned my lesson with the Xbox 360.
Go back and listen to some episodes around February when I bought my Xbox 360.
The damn thing broke when I bought it, and I was pissed, and I was going to go torch
down Microsoft, but since then they fixed it for free, and I've been a happy boy.
I did also want to make an announcement, though, for Pump Up the Volume, actually, this week.
Your Tuesday show.
Yes.
Yes.
Excuse me.
There will be a delay on the show.
It will be starting around 730 to 8 this week.
I just wanted to go ahead and make a mention of that.
I am doing it.
All right.
Let's go ahead and listen to the other live programming on Orange Launch Radio.
All done with the mailbag?
Yeah.
Okay.
Moving on to more gaming news.
There is a movie called 8-Bit under development.
According to VH1's Game Break, quote, this movie is about how games affect our culture,
how the genre crosses the culture to influence music, art, and the way we think.
In 8-Bit, artists invade the online shooter Counter-Strike to add messages of peace on
walls with paintball guns if they don't get shot first.
In 8-Bit, people make compelling trance club and even pop-focus music using old Game Boys.
In 8-Bit, artists Mary Flanagan's take the software from Unreal Tournament 2003 to make
Domestik, a memorous world in which she tells a story about how her father was trapped in
the family's house during a fire.
It's amazing stuff all the way around.
Huh.
Sounds kind of artsy.
That might be interesting.
It's kind of weird that I've never heard of any of this stuff.
Well, I mean, I've heard of the music, certainly.
We know a lot of those bands, but I haven't heard of any of those other art projects,
so that might be worth checking out.
I've heard of the Game Boy one.
Really?
Well, yeah, yeah.
The Game Boy music one.
Yeah.
We've also had bands that use the type of...
Yeah.
I'm talking about like the Counter-Strike, Grandpa and the fire thing and the whole...
Those sort of things.
I've never heard of that before.
That might be interesting.
Bringing paintballs into a wall does not make for a winning team, but it's an interesting
kind of art form when it's done in a game, huh?
Maybe?
Yeah.
It's very unique, but it's also kind of neat, and one of the rumors that's going to be coming
soon, and you might actually be able to watch 8-bit on this, that Microsoft might be adding
XVID and DivX support to the 360 in the fall dashboard update.
Now, no idea whether it's true or not, but the news actually comes from a developers
conference that was going on, actually.
Some Dutch colleagues from xLife.nl were invited to a training session for shop employees and
basically kind of just talking a little bit about technology and stuff.
One of the questions that was asked, basically at the event, they had a talk with the host
and asked them whether it was going to be DivX or XVID support in the future or other
codecs, and he said that it was something that Microsoft was working hard to implement,
and a firmware update is expected within two months.
We'll have to see.
That might be a rumor for now, but it would make sense if they supported something like
that.
I don't know if they will, though.
Something that's not a rumor is a new multiplayer mode for Red Steel is going to be called Killer
Mode.
It's a special multiplayer setup, so you'll use your mission brief via the speaker and
the Wiimote.
I was hearing something about this, that basically, I think the Wiimote is supposed to ring, and
so you put it up to your ear and it'll actually whisper like, you know...
This is Snake.
This isn't like, you need to kill player four and do not kill the other players or something
like that.
It gives you your mission in a little speaker so the other people don't know what your mission
is.
That's pretty cool.
That is damn innovative, isn't it?
That's pretty fun.
I like that.
That is pretty cool.
That's innovation.
I like that.
This might be innovative as well for the Wii.
The Wii might just be this system of innovation.
That's certainly the direction that Nintendo wanted to go in, whether the public is open
to that or not.
I'm not quite sure.
The rumor is that a Wii is going to go into digital distribution in 2007.
What they're actually doing, they're talking about service, I think it's going to be very
similar to Xbox Live Arcade, and they kind of touched on this a little bit during E3,
saying that they're going to be helping finance certain smaller games for the Wii marketplace.
This I think is going to be very similar to that.
They're going to be talking a little bit more about releasing games.
You see some of the stuff, not necessarily old games on Xbox Live Arcade, but newer games
that are small made for that kind of setup.
I don't see this really replacing the current distribution we have now, but it's interesting
because you've heard a lot of talk about this whole digital distribution moving on into
the next gaming area, especially on PlayStation 3 as well.
There's a quote here.
Let me read this real fast.
This is from, I believe this is from Nintendo themselves.
Beginning in spring 2007, Nintendo will apparently begin the Wii Compact software line of games
which will allow players to download certain Wii titles to their console rather than purchasing
a disc.
Pricing and storage details as well as what software will be made available, not provided.
Yeah, it's going to be very interesting on the storage details because it doesn't really
have much storage in that system, only 512.
I'm sure there will be an external.
If there's a peripheral to be made, Nintendo's on it.
Definitely.
It was actually kind of interesting.
They had some pics from the new peripherals that were announced for Japan, and we got
to see a picture of the Ethernet adapter for the Wii.
It's just USB Ethernet, which is kind of cool, and new cables and whatnot.
So, anyways, there's some interesting stuff also coming out about the Wii, and I know
one of the stories that was run during the week when talking about how sunlight was causing
a problem with the Wiim remotes, where it was interfering with the IR field that the
actual receiver and emitters were putting out.
Well, apparently, Nintendo has commented on that, and they said that it's not a major
issue.
It says, our testing thus far shows no great risk of light interference while playing a
game that relies on the pointer and sensor bar.
And so, granted, that's going to be about as much interference as having a bright light
shining on your TV or something like that, that won't really interfere with it.
I'm kind of on the fence with this.
I guess we'll have to see when it comes out.
But you know what, though?
If there's anything to be learned from this, especially from the iToy and from the Xbox
Live Vision camera, my house is always too dark, so I don't think too much light is ever
going to be a problem.
She serves the internet up and down and left and right, and finds a website that she finds
worthy of sharing with you all.
It's called her Website of the Week, and here it is.
This Website of the Week was actually one given to me by our dear friend and listener,
Rob with Two Bees, and I'll spell it out.
It's T-H-E-E-C-A dot com, which is for the Entertainment Consumers Association, which
is actually very cool.
To read this little blurb from their website, the Entertainment Consumers Association is
a non-profit membership organization established to serve the needs of those who play computer
and video games.
Formed in 2006, the ECA is an advocacy organization for consumers of interactive entertainment.
You can actually sign up for their site.
They have things to win.
They also have lots of information, links to game politics, too.
It seems that there's a little bit of an affiliation there.
Lots of really good stuff, FAQs, news, just things that are going on as far as our legal
rights as gamers.
In fact, there's another blurb on here.
It says, today more than ever before, gamers need to stand together to defend against political
activity that is threatening the creation and publishing of video games.
On behalf of the gaming community, the ECA lobbies legislators directly as well as launching
grassroots digital initiatives to preserve our rights as gamers.
What was that link again?
It's T-H-E-E-C-A dot com.
Check it out, boys and girls.
Definitely.
I'll be linking it in the chat room.
GameTap is a service we've mentioned a few times on this show.
It's still getting a little steam, a few more subscribers every now and then.
They have launched a 500 player beta of Uru Live, which you might know also as the missed
online project.
This is a pretty big deal because what happened is the project was abandoned and then GameTap
has kind of picked it up and ran with it, so it's kind of interesting.
Gay Gamer recently ran a report on this and they said this, quote, GameTap has improved
the game with new sound support and a new physics engine that makes it much easier and
faster to interact with others, something that bogged down the original game.
As things go as planned, Uru Live may begin to incorporate content generated by its incredibly
creative player community.
Interesting.
That's pretty cool.
I hope they keep doing more stuff like that, supporting smaller games, maybe helping some
PC games get published and stuff like that.
I think what's kind of neat about that, too, is that you're paying essentially the GameTap
fee for access to all this, so if they get more MMOs, it's kind of like you're paying
one fee for all these MMOs, and GameTap is relatively cheap.
It's the same price they're charging for Phantasy Star Universe, in a way.
I don't want to sound like a commercial because I've already been accused of being on their
payroll.
No, I actually pay the $10 a month for GameTap, which is sad because I rarely ever use it
because I check it out once every other week or so to see what's new.
This is something I definitely will check out.
I'm very curious.
Obviously, I can't get it in the beta, but when it's released.
This week, Unfettered Blather, a blogging site, actually ran a top ten list of the top
ten things about next-gen that are annoying.
Let's go off the list here.
Big highlights, of course.
Number one, Sony's alternate reality.
No matter how you spin it, we just want a game console first.
Go push your format war somewhere else.
Number two, dual-price skew nonsense with the new next-gen console.
You know what, though?
If you read those stories about people who are pre-ordering the PS3, some of them were
doing it because it's a cheap Blu-ray player.
I don't know if number one has as much validity as people think.
I don't know.
Anyways, cost between consoles and computers vanishing.
$60 games, expensive peripherals, consoles being released at $600 price points.
Chasing Nintendo, since you just can't ignore the changes in industry, but sure fun watching
these two mega-corporations scramble to keep up with Nintendo's ideas.
And other fun stuff, they're also on there, mainly repeating the $60 game thing and name
changes like they're saying the revolution was a better name and stuff like that.
That $60 game thing should have been number one.
That's the most annoying, if anything.
Come on.
$60 bucks.
My game would have made my list.
Yeah, we haven't really seen it.
That whole Gran Turismo thing, though, I don't think we've really seen what exactly
is going to come of that, you know what I mean?
Interesting.
All right.
Well, if you have more annoying things, you could maybe write this guy and maybe he'll
do an extended list in the future.
Well, in other news, in regards to, we had brought up there was going to be a Castlevania
movie, right?
Well, it's going to be written by Warren Ellis.
Pretty cool, huh?
But also, it is going to be direct to DVD.
I don't know.
Direct to DVD, that's not good.
There have been some good things put direct to DVD.
Well, it kind of seems to be one place the movie industry is going.
You have all these god-awful sequels going direct to DVD.
Why not something kind of new, unique, unless you saw Van Helsing, which was kind of Castlevania
the movie in a way.
Not really.
Just kidding.
At any rate, there's a quote on here saying, for an entity currently known only as Project
51 Productions, a production blog will follow on the official site.
We just keep our eyes on it to see what happens.
All right.
Well, I'm looking for it.
I'll rent it.
I'll put it in my Netflix queue.
Having him write it, that's like a fan-gasm right there.
I don't know.
By the way, it is the animated Castlevania thing that we were talking about before.
So animated movie, that wouldn't be too bad, I guess, and this is not live action.
After all, they are making BloodRayne 2.
I mean, god, do we really need more video game movies like that, but I don't know.
It should be pretty cool.
Okay, here we go.
He basically was a comic writer.
I actually did remember that he did work for Excalibur because I read Excalibur from its
beginning incarnation and on, did DV8, which was a Gen 13 spinoff, Stormwatch.
The Authority did some stuff for Vertigo, Transmetropolitan was one.
Also was working on the Counter-X line of titles for Marvel, as in Generation X, X-Man,
X-Force, and is also working on Avatar comics, Homage comics, lots of different comic stuff.
I just had to pull up the list.
I knew Excalibur off the top of my head.
Comic fan-gasm for those folks that are looking forward to the Castlevania movie.
I always remembered the Excalibur stuff, but I knew he did a whole bunch of other things
too.
Well, another animated thing that's very popular is South Park, and of course, a couple of
weeks ago, they had the Wow episode.
Well, man, you should have kept a tab on Wikipedia because people just started coming up with
these huge lists of things that were inconsistent in the episode.
I mean, obviously, these were the same guys that Matt and Trey were trying to make fun
of.
For instance, here's one.
Trailers for this episode show Stan and Kyle in what appears to be the undercity right
after Kenny is killed.
In the airing of the show, they were in Goldshire.
I mean, it's like, damn, people, get a life.
But I do want to point out, I watched this week's episode of South Park, and for those
folks that heard my review of the Wow episode of South Park last week, that satire I said
was missing, that was in this week's episode.
This week's episode of South Park was freaking hilarious.
I laughed my ass off, but I just have a fucked-up sense of humor.
What can I say?
Don't you think that they probably did that stuff on purpose or just didn't really give
a crap?
That's what they did.
Ah, bathroom.
So then there's another wonderful rumor going around the interweb this week.
That would be that the sword featured in the actual episode of South Park was a real sword.
Sword of the 1000 Truths is supposed to be winnable in the arena matches in Burning Crusade.
Some people think that it's an obvious Photoshop, but who knows, I guess we'll see when Burning
Crusade hits stores.
That's kind of interesting though.
It actually wouldn't surprise me if that were true.
I actually don't think that's a fanboy thing.
I think that could actually be true because that episode of South Park felt like such
this huge infomercial, it would be the perfect tie-in.
Well it was funny though, because actually some of the stats were a little bit different
from the actual cartoon.
Of course it says 197 to 296 damage, 88 damage per second, plus 21 stamina, requires level
70.
It says equip improves hit rating by 8, improves critical strike rating by 14, and improves
your resub.
Why don't you go post that on Wikipedia, you damn nerd?
It doesn't match what was in the show.
No, they already posted that on Wikipedia.
Oh, I see.
So that would be interesting to see if that's going to actually be coming out.
Jeremy Todd 1 in chat says, looks like those wow nerds during the correcting needs a clue.
I got a clue.
I got a raging clue.
My clue is over there.
Let's go there.
Oh my, ClueGoo.
ClueGoo.
That's a raging clue.
I get it.
It's a joke about the South Park from this week.
That's funny.
Good job, listeners.
Good job.
Geeky, geeky, geeky, geeky.
Yeah, well, you know what?
You are on an internet radio program about video games.
Hi.
Hi, you're black.
Hey, hey, hey.
I calls them as I sees them, dude.
Well, you remember my allusion to the Phantom earlier in part A?
Yes.
Aha.
Pay attention, listeners.
Well, I was giving foreshadowing.
Ooh.
Yeah, they actually are starting to sell something for Phantom.
Isn't that funny?
They have been showing off this thing called the Phantom wireless lap board and Phantom
wireless laser mouse.
The two together are basically just a way to sit on your ass and browse the internet
with a keyboard.
It's like Web TV, only with a swivel keyboard thing and a piece of hard plastic underneath
it.
So is this the next generation of gaming?
My ass.
Like I said, Web TV, we've had this shit before.
But I...
Hard surface.
Was that funny, Loki?
No, I'm sorry.
I was just reading our chat room, and Black Boy's like, I have a blue kettle.
My kettle's silver.
There was a comment made in chat room to what I had said earlier, and I asked Black Boy
if his kettle was black, and he said it's actually blue.
The Get Well Gamers Foundation, it's another nice charity that was posted about a little
bit earlier this week on gaygamer.net.
Our next step is to see that we have product donations to support our new increased capacity.
At the moment, we have nowhere near what is required, but given our track record of success,
we are confident that someone will answer the call.
With the holidays fast approaching, however, it's crucial that we receive donations as
soon as possible.
Now what is it that they're donating to?
Very similar to the whole Penny Arcade deal that they do, these guys help donate video
games and game systems and things to children.
So that's pretty cool.
And this is a pretty cool thing, is that you can actually donate your old games, so games
you might think are old and outdated and you're never going to play anymore, like instead
of throwing a Nintendo 64 in the garbage, you could donate it to a charity like this.
And listen, if you've watched, fucking, Mind Mancia, you would know that nobody wants
a Nintendo 64 anymore.
I would just like to point out, in this picture, on this site, there is a child, a sick child,
you're playing a Nintendo 64.
Hasn't he suffered enough?
He suffered an heartless bastard.
Hey, hey, I still love Pokemon Snap.
Me too.
And Mario 64 is the shit.
I also threw away a PlayStation.
Well, I've done that.
I have a stack of five of them in my back room.
You hurtless, both of you.
They don't work.
Oh, come on.
If it's broken, then it's broken.
One of our old ones, it will still sort of work, you have to tilt it sideways at a 45
degree angle for it to read the discs right.
Maybe I'll donate mine to this charity.
I don't really play my Nintendo 64.
My Nintendo 64 was broken, it was all blurry, and the polygons were simple.
See, now you're making it up.
Now you're just making stuff up.
If I'm going to play Nintendo 64, I'll play my DS.
Exactly.
Anyway, just admit you're a bad person and get to the next story.
I am a bad person, and I have no problem with that.
You're a bad, bad man.
Listen, if it comes, I'm getting my Wii, and I ain't donating shit.
That's my Wii.
You're going to-
Whatever.
I'm not going to say any more.
Anyways-
You're going to get cancer.
That's just what's going to happen.
It's karma.
You're going to die in a fire.
Well, they all have a Nintendo 64 again.
The circle comes full.
You know you really want a 64 double D?
What?
I think we really need to go to the next story at this point before we get this-
Okay, look, we've got one foot in hell, so let's please go to the next story.
Anyways, because in hell, if you throw water on the ground, you're going to get steam.
That's my transition.
Because steam is getting a lot more cool games coming to it.
One of those games is a fan favorite, Psychonauts.
That's kind of neat, and of course, other things that you're going to be seeing on steam
other than Psychonauts, and Psychonauts, by the way, is just going to be about 20 bucks.
You're also going to see such wonderful games like Call of Duty 2, as well as some other
Activision titles, Call of Duty United Offensive, and Gun.
Those are also going to be coming, as well as the brand new game that will also be coming
to Xbox Live Arcade someday, RoboBlitz is also making its way, so lots of fun stuff
for steam.
They should do a game called Call of Booty.
Or porn.
You know, they have World of Porncraft.
They should definitely have Call of Booty.
Well speaking of World of...
You know what?
I should...
Okay.
I have this great entrepreneur idea here.
Would this sell?
That we're going to share with the entire internet.
I don't know.
Patent pending.
It's mine.
Trademarked.
You steal this, I sue you.
Okay, here it is.
Make a porn company that does nothing but video game tie-ins like that.
I think there's an audience out there for that.
We could do both gay, straight, lesbo, whatever, everything, trisexual, it doesn't matter,
furries, sure, we'll find something for you guys too, Pokemon or something.
I believe like Banjo-Kazooie porn.
Because think about it, there are movie studios that make their porns based off of movies.
The first one I ever saw was called The Boneheads.
The first one I ever saw was Whore of the Rings, actually that wasn't the first one.
Remember Ally McPheil?
That one was funny.
Ally McPheil with Ron Jeremy, okay see, these porn studios make killings off of...
off of TV spoofs and movie spoofs.
How about video game spoofs and Final Fuck X?
Who doesn't remember that one?
That was a great Japanese import.
We need some good, domestically made...
Really good cosplay.
Bring me your whores and your sluts and let's put them in some video game porn.
I'll make them stars and make a lot of money in the process.
Remember strippers are people too, naked people.
Anyway, next story, right?
Back to the world of something craft.
Well, you know how everyone was all hyper about the character transfer system for World
of Warcraft?
Well, apparently it sucks a lot of ass.
There's an article up on Kotaku that was written by someone who experienced this ass-ness firsthand.
They're actually going through it saying that he offered a... what?
Sorry, it's the chat room.
Finish your story, then I'll go back.
No, just tell me.
Because now there's...
Sailor Moon and the Seven Balls, I saw that at a store last week.
Now they're going off on all these movies that we could make here.
We have DMN says Super Princess Penis, DMN says Conquers Bad Furry Day, Mantic says Crash
Bandicunt, DMN says Elite Beat Off Agents.
You guys are brilliant.
I love it.
And Bandit says simply Paris Hilton's Gem Quest.
That's practically porn anyway.
You guys are awesome.
Well, back to my story, our dirty-minded listeners.
Chrome Horse.
That was...
Good one, Travis.
Travis, yeah.
Anyway...
Yeah, no more porn.
No more porn.
Sorry.
They finished the first step of the character transfer and paid everything on the credit
card.
They said it would take 12 hours to move it.
They checked again.
12 hours again.
12 hours later, they checked again, and still another 12 hours.
And people on the forums were bitching up a storm.
And actually, there was a...
They were basically putting the same old cut and paste response on the forum.
Blah, blah, blah.
This is normal.
Working as intended.
My butt.
You know, that type of thing.
And they said no one could resolve it by working with their customer service.
It was suggested canceling the transfer and starting again, and no one else had any luck
with it.
So they actually checked it.
Checked it.
Nothing was going through.
And they actually didn't bill, though, the credit card, you said, later, but there was
an issue, though, with people who were using debit cards saying that the transfer would
fail at the finalization stage and charge the account 20 euros for each failed attempt.
And it was redoing it over and over and over.
So they encouraged them to retry it, yet it was withdrawing 20 euros every time.
It looks like it was retrying it on its own.
Oh, nice.
So it wasn't charging credit cards, like I said, but it was charging debit accounts and
draining people's bank accounts.
So Blizzard hasn't worked for about eight days, and Blizzard finally came out and said
something about it.
But there has not been a statement issued by Blizzard.
There hasn't been an ETA as to when they're going to get that fixed.
As I understand it, though, this is only screwing over the euro banks, not American transfers.
That's what I'm seeing right here, but they can't just be so closed-mouthed about this.
They have to be ford with it.
They're going to lose so much freaking business.
On top of that, there's any type of number of suits that are going to come up over just
how much money they've taken from these bank accounts.
They've really screwed themselves with this.
When you see it happening, you stop the service.
You do it right then.
It's just ridiculous.
Not cool, not cool.
Hopefully there will be some type of compensation or free time given.
No free time.
They have to give these people their money back.
Well, that too, obviously, but something else for their troubles.
It's no fun having a dry bank account for a few days.
Trust me, I've been there.
At least the banks have been freezing the accounts that are in question.
That's good.
Dark Sakura, would you watch a movie called Select Caliber 3?
Hell yeah!
Black Boy says, Super Monkey Ball Touch and Roll.
That sounds fun.
I thought there was a game, Super Monkey Ball Touch and Roll.
Yeah, but it could be a porn too.
Sorry, I promised we wouldn't do any more of the porn, but some of them are just so
damn funny.
What can I say?
Skype line's open.
You can call us.
Go to OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Click on interact with us.
The user name is Orange Lounge Radio, or you can pick up the telephone and call, 916-226-9067.
In the meantime, some quick last minute stories, some things to squeeze in there.
I did want to mention this.
If you're a fan of the game In the Groove, you can now, with this latest update they've
done on the machine, you can do your own custom MP3s and steps.
So basically, In the Groove has basically come out and legitimized itself as Step Mania
in the arcade.
There's only one problem though.
What are they going to do for audio licensing since I'm sure they didn't address that since
the game is not licensed on the machine and usually the machine will cover the licensing
for the songs that are in the game, but now that place, say if the RIA comes in and hears
someone playing Christina Aguilera or something like that on the machine, they could sue them.
Sorry, Chatham is correcting me and saying it's actually OGG files.
We are starting to get some calls.
We'll come back to this in a minute.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Sephiroth1215 here.
Hi, Sephiroth1215 here.
What's on your mind?
I'm pretty much fresh off of Digital Life.
How is Digital Life?
Tell us a little bit about this.
The first time you get in there, it looks kind of cool.
It's nice and big.
So much to see, but it's really not that great this year.
Really?
Why is that?
You had some good things.
Maybe a few gaming booths, depending on what you like, though.
Now Digital Life is not exclusively a gaming show, right?
There's lots of stuff there.
No, there's plenty of stuff there.
Probably a lot of the space, though, was from MLG and another gaming league of some sort.
Was Sony the best booth there?
Sony's booth was kind of small, not to mention it was right next to Microsoft's booth.
Really?
Did you get your hands on the plate?
I got to play the PS3.
It played very well from what I got to see.
It played a little bit of Resistance.
Okay, that's something that didn't have an E3, I don't think, right?
What did you think of it?
It was good.
I was more so looking at the graphics and the movements of the characters more so than
the gameplay, though.
What do you think?
Did this sell you on the game, or on the system, I should say?
It proved to me that the system can be more solid than I originally thought, because I
thought maybe everything was going to be kind of blocky, or it wasn't...
I don't know how to explain it, really.
But I guess just to compare, I got to play the Wii a bit, and I played Elibits, and oddly
enough there were problems playing that.
Oh, what kind of problems?
The controls were off, I mean, you had to stay to the left, and it had the same kind
of problem that Sonic did, where you go a little bit and the cursor goes far off into
the screen.
Was it just maybe miscalibrated?
It might have been, I'm not quite sure.
It was only a demo of the game, so it could change later, not to mention the loading time
was way over a minute, just to even start the demo.
Hmm, wow, so that's interesting, kind of a different reaction than we heard from E3,
where everybody was buzzing about the Wii and not so buzzing about the PS3.
What do you think was the best thing you saw at Digital Life?
Honestly, the best thing at Digital Life was the DDR booth, which is where I was working
all weekend.
What was there, what was at the DDR booth that made it so great?
There's tournaments going on all weekend long.
Not to mention, we were the only booth that had the best giveaways.
What kind of stuff was being, oh, that's right, because they do like the $1,000 tournament
there or something, right?
Like big, big money.
Overall, it was about over $8,000 worth of prize money and prizes.
I'm kind of pissed I missed New York City by a week, I would have loved to have been
there.
Honestly, it's alright, because from what I hear they're having talks about, it's not
completely official yet, so you can't take my word on it, is next year, because there's
no more big E3, there's also going to be a Digital Life in LA.
Oh, interesting.
We might have to check that out.
Are you going to be at Nintendo World Store Saturday at noon, because I'm going to be
there?
Yeah.
Alright.
Not to put you on the spot or anything, but if you're not there, I'm going to cry.
No, I'm kidding.
I might have to see you.
No, I didn't know you were going to be there Saturday.
Oh, did you not hear the part A?
Yeah, I'm going to be there Saturday at noon.
Okay.
I'll be there.
Alright.
Well, we'll see you then.
Anything else you want to say for listeners?
No, not really.
Alright.
We'll go to some more calls.
Glad to hear you had a good time at Digital Life.
Take care.
You too.
Laid up.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Let's go to another call here on our Skype line.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, username on Skype, or you can always give us a call on the old
regular telephone.
It's 916-226-9627.
Yes.
Let's go to another call.
Yes, you're on the air.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hold on, Legend of Zaku.
You need to sit tight for a minute.
Just a hint, guys.
I'm going to let you in on a little radio secret here, okay?
Sometimes we pick up the calls a little bit before I'm ready to acknowledge that you're
actually on the line just because it makes for a smoother transition that way.
So until we say, Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Shh.
Be quiet.
Be quiet.
Alright.
Zaku, what's on your mind?
Yo, I was also there too, man.
I was also at Digital Life.
I had a feeling you'd have something to say on Digital Life.
As a matter of fact, I competed.
I competed in freestyle on Saturday.
And how was it?
And what I'm about to post right now in the chat room is a link to the actual, to my routine.
Granted, it was a bad routine.
Get it?
Yes, you got the get it joke right there.
Hold on.
I did give the audience a good opportunity.
Hold on.
I'm actually looking at it right now.
Let me turn this down.
Yeah, it was a bad routine.
You're looking at the screen.
How long did you practice this?
I was totally unprepared for this.
This was an improv all the way.
I was like, yeah, you got some cool alarm movements there, but yeah, Zaku, you're looking
at the screen too much, buddy.
I'm sorry.
I know.
But it's alright though.
I wouldn't care less right now because I had a good time and I have no regrets for that.
Did you see somebody left you a comment to go dance on some landmines?
The internet's mean.
Alright.
I also played the Wii.
Yeah, what did you think of the Wii?
On Elibits, definitely.
That was hot.
You liked Elibits?
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
I mean, it was fun for the fact that you could actually aim and move stuff around.
It wasn't miscalibrated for you?
Yeah, I mean, it was a little jerky, but I had to move a little bit back because when
I moved up closer, it wasn't even engaging.
The more further away I was from the screen, the more better the controls were.
What about PS3?
Did you get your little hands on the PS3?
The lines were pretty long for that.
I managed to play Guitar Hero 2 as well.
What did you think of that?
It's kind of like the same thing.
It just has more difficulties.
You can select characters and guitars.
Here's another last minute story involving Guitar Hero 2 now that you brought it up.
Yeah, about the controller.
Hey!
Hey!
Who's hosting this show?
I'm sorry, man.
I'm sorry about spilling the beans, as you were.
You might as well finish your thought.
Zaku, why don't you play OLR Reporter here and tell us this story about Guitar Hero 2?
From what's being said, a demo version is not allowing you to play third-party controllers.
In other words, this company that essentially made its name on making third-party controllers
has locked third-party controllers out of its next game, according to the demo, if the
demo is any indication.
Right now, I've got to go, but I'll let you know.
I have some freeze swag.
What happened?
What's going on?
Why do you have to go so fast?
Now, I've got some stuff to take care of.
All right.
I'll let you know if any freeze swag has something to do with it.
All right, Zaku.
Go tell the cops who said aye.
Worst call ever.
This is the part in Mr. Robinson's Neighborhood that we learn about the word of the day.
The word of the day is fire escape.
You know what a fire escape is?
Cabbage Patch Kid.
Hi, Aaron Orange Laudreo.
Who's this?
Hi.
It's Rama.
Hi, Rama.
What's on your mind?
Hi, Rama.
Hi, Uchan.
Go figure.
All the New York City listeners are trying to hammer like mad to get through tonight.
Let me guess.
Did you go to Digital Life?
Yes, I did.
You did say last week you want all the New York callers to call in, so we did.
All right.
Well, what's on your mind?
How was Digital Life?
It was fun.
Yesterday I didn't get as much swag, but today I got there early, got plenty of good stuff,
mostly t-shirts.
Did you get to play PlayStation 3?
I didn't even bother.
Why not?
They had NBA Live up there, and it was like everybody else was around there like drooling
over NBA Live.
I'm like, it's just a game.
I played at the $600 brick last week and walked away, played the Wii.
You're cutting out a little bit there.
You said you didn't play the $600 brick, but you played the Wii?
Yes.
How was the Wii?
It was a little bit new to me.
I played Elibit.
It was fun.
Was Elibit the only game they had there or something?
No, they also had Madden for the Wii, but EA shut down now for some odd reason.
Oh, okay.
What did you think of Elibit?
It was fun.
I didn't even want to get off the machine.
Okay.
What happened with DDR?
Did you do any of the DDR stuff?
I walked over there, but it was so crowded, so I just watched.
I just hung out with Zaku and Sephiroth for a bit.
All right.
I mostly...
And you're all going to come see me in New York next week, right?
Oh, hell yeah, dude.
I'm telling you.
Get in touch with me Friday night for dinner.
All right.
Sounds good.
Well, I'll email you with the real itinerary a little later.
Of course.
That's the only thing I'm publicly saying I'm doing is the Saturday noon thing, but
I'll tell you a little more about what I'm doing later.
That's cool.
All right.
Anything else you want to share about Digital Life?
Man, it was fun.
I mean, I remember talking before about how it's going to be the next E3, but it's more
of a tech explore than anything else, so...
So you're saying because of the fact it's a little bit too broad in its tech specs that
it may not have the power to be the next E3?
I don't see it happening any time soon.
I don't.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see.
Especially if there's a Digital Life LA.
We'll see.
All right, Rama, thanks for the call.
No, Saturday.
You got it.
Friday.
Maybe Friday if you're lucky.
All right.
All right.
Later.
Hey.
That was Rama here, another New York City listener.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Hello, buddy.
What's on your mind?
You made me force me to get a Wii order.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Sit tight for a minute there.
Hold on.
Extrovert snuck in here while we've been taking these calls.
Did you notice, Extrovert, that all the same people that call into the Wednesday show call
into this show?
Isn't that funny?
That is mucho hilarious.
Yeah, it's great.
It's the same people.
Listen to both shows.
It's amazing.
I'm sorry, Raven's Dolphin.
What were you saying?
You were saying something about the Wii pre-ordering?
You forced me to get a Wii order for the day of Orange Launch Radio.
What did I do?
Get a gun to your head?
No.
You've been talking about, you've got to get a Wii.
You've got to get a Wii.
You've got to get a Wii.
What did I say?
You've got to get a Wii.
You've got to get a Wii.
But that's what's going through my mind.
You're like, Wii.
Like, 200?
No, because I want a Wii really badly.
As I said earlier, I referenced what I told that email bag thing earlier.
You really have to make decisions based on what's best for you.
And what's best for me right now, Wii.
I figured your logic too.
I'm going Wii 60 all the way.
How was your experience pre-ordering?
Where did you go?
How was it?
Actually, it wasn't that bad.
The mall I didn't go to was jammed.
I mean, God, I'm glad I didn't go there.
But the one in Atlantic City was nice.
I stood in line for an hour and 40 minutes.
It was like this woman, her car broke down.
I'm sorry to hear that.
But her kid wanted the Wii so bad.
It was eight people.
And they were all nice.
Wait, it was eight people that all came together?
Or it was eight people on the line?
Eight people in line.
Oh, that doesn't seem...
Whereabouts are you from?
Atlantic City.
That doesn't seem very long, all things considered, for a town like Atlantic City.
Only eight people on the line.
Huh.
Well, okay.
We're a small town.
The only thing we do is gamble.
I guess that's true.
That's true.
Yeah, but I bet the Vegas GameStop lines were long.
I bet.
Well, you know, one of the best places to go for cheap electronics is pawn shops in
gambling towns.
So go to your local pawn shop.
Find a Wii.
That's a good suggestion.
Well, what did you pre-order with your Wii?
Did you just get the Wii or did you get any games?
I just got the Wii because I know I have to have it Orange Lounge radio episode I can't
remember for the 19th.
All right.
Yeah, I don't know what number it is either, but it's going to be an interesting show.
Our buddy DMN is actually going to be here in-house.
So we're going to have our Nintendo QA guy actually here in-house.
So it'll be fun.
Yeah, one more.
I actually went to a McDonald's for a Wayport and it works pretty good.
All right.
That's cool.
And you got a vision camera.
Now we can have a Rob Astley.
No.
Not happening.
Not without proper compensation.
Bye.
All right, freak.
I'm hanging up on you now.
Bye.
Bye.
What is up with that?
What's with the...
It's so weird.
Who would want to see that?
Who would want to see my ass on Xbox Live?
That's disgusting.
Oh, Rob.
You know everyone wants to see your ass.
Not until I work it out a little bit.
Sorry.
I think they want to see your Wii.
Well, they ain't going to get that.
One more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge radio.
Who's this?
It's Darkteeth.
Hey, what's on your mind, Darkteeth?
Darkteeth?
No, Darktetsuya.
It's...
Darkteeth.
It's short for Darktetsuya.
I'm sorry.
Shut up and let the man talk.
We have iced tea.
We have darkteeth.
He's one of our hardworking staffers.
What's on your mind?
I had a few FUs.
You have FUs?
Well...
Are they gaming-related?
Yeah.
Okay, then we'll take them.
What's up?
Well, you heard about Konami's little Link issue thing on Supernova?
Yeah, I guess they officially declared that Link Mode ain't happening this week, or, I
mean, this week the official press announcement went out, or whatever you want to call it.
At least DDR Freak ran it, that said Link Mode's not happening in Supernova.
That makes you mad?
Yeah.
Oh, a little bit.
Were you looking forward to making custom dance steps to songs such as, you know, what...
I don't even know what the hell songs are in Supernova.
Well, I had it planned.
I see.
Okay.
Any other FUs?
Gaming-related?
Well, just that my local arcade hasn't gotten Supernova yet.
What is up with lack of Supernova machines in Sacramento?
I know.
I guess we're just not a real town.
We're just some cow town in the middle of nowhere.
Well, someday, Dark Tetsuya, someday.
Yeah.
Hey, did you do any of the Wii pre-ordering or PlayStation 3?
Oh, no.
I'm not kidding.
Are you going to be getting any of them?
I'll probably get a Wii for Christmas.
Okay.
Oh, you're hoping Santa will bring you one?
Yeah.
Have you been good this year?
Oh, yeah.
Well, then maybe Santa will bring you one, so that'll be cool.
All right.
Or he'll give you a spanking or some coal.
Yeah.
If you've been bad, though, you'll get a six axis, and that's all you get.
You just get the paperweight of a six axis.
You guys aren't on the Afterbirth, right?
No.
We're on the actual podcast show.
Oh, wow.
I've never been on the podcast before.
I guess this is my first time.
Oh, sorry.
Extrofer's one of our other personalities on Orange Lawns Radio.
He does the Wednesday night show with me, and what else would they know you from?
He had a train wreck show that was on the station a while ago.
Yeah.
It was called Train Wreck the Show.
You play a lot of World of Warcraft.
You've been on this show before, haven't you?
I've been on Orange Lawns Radio, but I haven't been on the podcast.
That is the podcast.
Orange Lawns Radio is the podcast.
No, no.
I was on it before you guys.
Oh, okay.
You did the live show and then the podcast.
Fine.
Well, now you're here.
I don't fucking care.
Welcome to the goddamn show.
Thank you.
Now be quiet.
All right.
Anything else on your mind, Dark Dead Sea?
Blood in your vagina.
Well, other than that, I really like Supernova.
Yeah?
Do you like the home release of Supernova?
Yep.
Top three songs.
Quick.
Oh, God.
That'll settle with that honor, humanity, and Gummel and the couple.
Of course.
Of course you'd say that.
Guacamole del Taco, right?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
All right, Dark Tetsuya.
Thanks so much for the call.
Have a good one.
All right?
You too.
Later.
One of our hardworking staff members there, that Dark Tetsuya.
We appreciate him.
All right, that's going to do it for phone calls tonight, if you didn't get through.
So sorry.
Try again next week.
Any other last minute stories?
Loki.
Of course.
We talked about it earlier about video game movies and there being a movie called 8-Bit
the Movie.
Well, actually, there is another movie coming out.
For your PSP, you can download the entire movie.
It's called Killing Time 24x7, and it is available online, actually, for full download
to your PSP, which I think is kind of cool.
It's kind of like a Hitman movie, basically.
The main character who kills people and in his spare time hangs out with his friends
and goes to arcades and whatnot and stuff, gets a new assignment, and his new hit is
his father, and so it's kind of based on that.
It's actually pretty cool.
The download itself is about 300, just over 300 megs, and you can actually find it to
download and I'm pulling up the website actually right now.
Thrilling radio.
Sorry.
Yeah, but anyways, I believe it's killingtime-24-7.com if you want to download it, download it for
your PSP.
All right.
That's it?
That's all I have.
Wow.
For now.
That's all I have.
Usually you have a whole shitload of last minute news.
Well, you know, I mean, we can talk about some other stuff, I guess, since we were talking
about...
How about one sentence?
One sentence news.
One sentence news.
Okay.
Yes.
Coming soon.
Sky's voice the game.
No.
The, was it the, one of the professional gaming leagues in Pizza Hut teamed up and no one
cared.
That was good.
That was one sentence.
Tony Hawk's Project 8 gets some pretty awesome multiplayer on the 360.
PlayStation 3 does not have any multiplayer whatsoever.
I think that was two sentences, but that's all right.
It was good.
Send me a colon.
Was there?
Okay.
Um, Microsoft launched a new website to browse Xbox Live Marketplace.
Ah, I actually saw that.
And that was pretty cool.
Ah, that, see, you made it two sentences.
I was, I was done with the story.
Oh, sorry.
Anyways.
And the website is Xbox Pipeline or whatever that's called.
Xbox Live Pipeline, something like that.
Something like that.
Anyways.
We're so informative.
Yeah, there's some website.
I couldn't tell you what the name of it is.
Whoa, okay.
Here.
Okay.
I will tell you the exact website because I am awesome like that.
Anyways, the actual website is XboxLivePipeline.com, so go check it out if you haven't already.
It has the look and feel of an Xbox.
It's kind of nice.
It's pretty cool.
I have some news.
Okay.
Loki is officially very funny.
Last night we went and ate out at a, um, buffet place.
Okay.
I'm sorry, this doesn't have to do with the games.
We killed people on the way because we were racing there.
Is that good enough?
Anyways, Loki asks the waiter, the waitress or whoever she was serving us or whatever.
She said he, he asked her if we, they're serving any popcorn shrimp and she goes, and he looks
at her.
He goes, okay.
And everybody's like, did you understand what she just said?
Loki's, Loki's just very calm.
I didn't understand anything.
Anyways, it's just so funny.
Give it up for extra furnace, farewell performance here on Orange Labs Radio.
All right.
Um, one thing I did want to mention, I read this week on the PlayStation 3 online web
browser they were talking about, um, that it has is for text entry.
If you don't have, you know, a controller or whatever, it has that crappy text entry
that they have on the PSP.
Isn't that stupid?
I just wanted to mention that.
Um, some other fun stuff I was going to say, um, I remember, well, Japan's getting a brand
new Wii classic controller plus five or 5,000 point bundle, which is nice because we'll
never see that here.
And I think that was all I had.
Oh, oh, PlayStation 3 Oblivion's getting, was supposed to be getting exclusive content
for it, but it actually is going to be available for us as well.
So on the Xbox 360 and PC.
Oh well.
Oh, a new Prey content for online multiplayer maps and stuff.
I really haven't played much Prey.
We should.
It's some easy ass achievement points and achievement points more like you ought to
be efficient.
I know.
I'm meaning to get some.
If you and I would play some death match, we could get those 25 kill achievements like
that.
It'd be easy.
Just, yeah, too bad they don't have split screen multiplayer because that's how I did
it with, uh, Ghost Recon.
Cheater.
Cheater.
All right.
Um, I don't have any more last minute news.
Dark Sakura?
Um, actually I did want to make a mention, uh, for our European listeners, um, that people
who are fans of Eurogamer, they've, uh, brought out a new download service, uh, for a $12.95
a month for the Ultimate Collection so you can get, uh, uh, different games.
Um, they actually have, uh, for $6.95, access to the Essential Collection with 90 games
to choose from including Prince of Persia, Hitman, Contract, Splinter Cell, Pandora,
Tomorrow.
Um, lots of different stuff coming up on there, um, but I would recommend going onto their
main page and taking a look at it.
If you want to play, uh, Java or NES games on your PC at work instead of working, you
can go to vnes.thatsanderskid.com and they have a whole Java thing for playing Nintendo
games.
All right, this is too much news for one night.
It's time to wrap up the program.
I'm done.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Extrofer, your final thought, dare I ask?
Loki, will you marry me?
Loki, your final thought.
No.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
Oh, yes, I forgot the Grudge 2 opened up this weekend.
Who wants to go see it with me?
Not me, that's my final thought.
Extrofer will go see it with me, won't you?
No.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Oh, damn, I wish it were a TV.
No, I totally won't.
You should see the way he did that.
He kind of did this whole little...
I will.
Well, no.
No, I...
It's not you, Dark Sakura.
It's the movie.
I...
You know what?
No, I will see it.
I just want to see Sarah Michelle Gellar die.
I do, too.
Oh, my God.
Spoilers.
No, she doesn't die soon.
I saw a really good movie this last weekend, though, called The Departed.
It was so great.
Great, great, great.
Guess what?
Guess what?
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What's going on right there?
Two quick, quick quick things that came out.
One thing that's being reported in our chat literally right this second, Bubble Bubble
for the DS is broken.
Players cannot be past level 30.
This has been confirmed by Codemasters.
Way to go, Codemasters QA.
Loki, your thing, real quick?
Oh, I was just making fun of this thing.
They ran a report on Gizmodo about stuff that you can buy that looks stupid.
that you can buy that looks stupid. There's a Mame cabinet costume for Halloween. I just
thought it was funny because the joystick, which is abnormally large, is placed right
next to where his penis would be, and the coin door, which has two slots right where
his balls would be. That's just the college humor in me.
That's lovely. And on that note, we're going to call it a night for Orange Lounge Radio
this week. Remember, we will not be live on Sunday next week. We're pre-taped because
both DarkSakura and I are traveling. Shh. God dammit.
Remember, YowieCon. Or New York City, Nintendo World Store.
Or Nightmare Before Christmas at the Metreon on Friday night.
And that- Exeter! Hey, I do a lot better than you do.
I know. Can I just unplug that microphone? Yeah, there we go. See, now it's unplugged.
Thank you for supporting independent internet radio even when it's crappy like tonight.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
