Today, October 15th, 2006, more details on the E3 Makeover, PlayStation 3 and Wii's are
pre-ordered around the nation, and what are the annoying things about the next game generation?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another episode of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that internet radio program dedicated to video games and the gamer culture and the
gamer lifestyle.
We talk about all sorts of games.
We try to avoid those that suck but, you know, once in a while we've got to talk about games
that suck because we have to tell you to stay the hell away from them.
And I'm here to help you do that.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
Welcome back.
I am back, aren't I?
Yes, you were off at the Mouse House last week.
For a day.
I was actually, I came back for a funeral.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
You were, I remember now, so.
And then I fell into a coma for eight hours because I have a sinus infection.
I'm sorry to hear that.
So sick Jamie's back.
Yeah.
Those folks that have been listening to the podcast for a long time know that Jamie was
sick for a while.
And it started from a sinus infection, so like my doctors all like, okay, pick your
antibiotic.
I'm like, I get to choose?
So I'm on erythromycin, which hates my whole digestive system.
I prefer C-Pro, just five tablets, but that's just me.
Anyway, sorry, we're not The Drug Show.
We're Orange Lounge Radio.
Aren't we Loki?
Tech Master Loki is also here.
Yes.
Yes.
How you doing?
Yes, we're not The Drug Show.
I like your shirt.
You have a me and my Katamari shirt on.
Yes.
You know, I never played that on PSP.
I just kind of missed it.
Like I know I was looking forward to it and then I was kind of like, eh.
I played it a little bit and got bored.
Did you?
Really quick.
Was it just not, it was not the same on the little screen?
The lack of a second analog stick cramps my hand up very badly.
And so it was just like kind of Metroid Prime Hunter Syndrome where, you know, you just
have to stop playing because it hurts your hand and it's just not, I don't know.
It's like trying to control a car with a brick or something instead of a steering wheel.
I don't know.
I actually got the urge to play Katamari Damacy yesterday.
I was lying on the couch kind of just, you know, having one of those lazy days where
I'm not going to move from this spot and then I'm looking over at my game collection which
is, you know, kind of next to the TV and then I'm like, I want to roll over things.
I want to play Katamari Damacy.
There's something very stress relieving about that game.
I can't explain it.
We get that feeling every day during work.
That's why we have to have our killing breaks.
I see.
Hence the Liberty City stories.
Yes.
We'll be here Gaming Week in just a minute, but I do want to introduce an old favorite
of ours that's sitting here tonight on the ground hacking something on the computer over
there.
Say hello to Miklotov.
It's called chatting online, not hacking.
What are you chatting on?
It's not our chat room.
No, it's just like instant messenger.
I see.
So you're talking to people better than our listeners.
Yeah, just some coworkers.
Oh, okay.
Well, if you want to join our chat room, www.orangelauntrader.com, click on chat.
Miklotov will be here for a little bit, but you're not going to be here for the whole
show, right?
You have a train or a bus to catch or something?
Yeah, something like that.
All right.
Don't say train.
What's wrong with trains?
Because I told you what I've been listening to all week.
Oh, I'm going to be riding a train very soon, actually.
It's kind of...
If I hear any more Guns N' Roses, I'm going to shoot myself.
All right, well, I suppose we should start talking about the Gaming Weeks, starting off
with Dark Sakura.
How was your Gaming Week?
Full of Guns N' Roses pinball, apparently, because my hubby has seen fit to play a lot
and lots of Guns N' Roses pinballs.
So I either come home to Welcome to the Jungle or Night Train or My Michelle.
And where I love old school...
My Michelle rocks, just for the record.
Yeah.
Where I love Guns N' Roses, there's so much I can hear of Night Train, because Dan always
gets to that level and then music somehow gets louder.
And the thing is, it's like synthesized guitar and everything, like listening to a Super
Nintendo with Axl, you know, all fuzzy over it.
I was like, dude, no.
And I made myself an Xbox Live account, and so I have my own gamertag now.
After all this time, you finally made your own damn account?
Because of the PSU demo.
Yeah.
Which I haven't played yet.
I just downloaded it.
Okay.
But for anyone who wants to know, oh my god, I'm going to regret this.
Go to the forums and look it up.
Yeah, go to the forums and look it up, because I posted it on the gamertag.
See then it's a free advertisement for the forums.
There you go.
And then, this doesn't have to do with anything about, well, actually playing a game, but
it made me think of it since you guys were talking about Katamari, is I had a dream on
like Thursday night that I was rolling a Katamari over my work.
You remember the last time I had dreams about that, right?
I left that job.
Really?
To another one.
Yeah.
Makes me think of that ad that was on.
I think it was for like a bank or credit card or something that showed the Katamari rolling
down the hills in San Francisco.
I mean, the ad agency denied it was inspired by Katamari, but that's what any gamer would
think about when they see that commercial is, oh, ha ha, Katamari.
Actually, I still have the parody that I made from when I worked at the student loan place,
so I'll post it up in the chat room.
All right.
Yeah.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
What did I play?
I didn't play a whole lot.
More Saints Row, because that games are really fun.
I finally stole a Titan, which is an armored car with money in it, and I have been performing
the wonderful money duping glitch that's in the game where you can basically blow this
car up over and over collecting the money in it and buying it over again.
Fun stuff.
Grand Theft Auto, of course, Liberty City Stories, still waiting for Vice City Stories.
Only a few more weeks, a few more weeks, then we can switch games, finally.
And then, other than that, really not a whole lot.
I was meaning to set up my PlayStation 2 and play some games on that, but I need to buy
a VGA cable for it so I can hook it up to my computer because, unfortunately, Nelly
wants to hog the TV with Zuma.
And so, you know...
But she's not a gamer.
No, not at all.
She's a single gamer, I guess.
But so, yeah, unfortunately, I can't really play the games on there, so I have to wait
for that.
I'm packing because I'm moving next week, so that kind of puts a damper on playing games
and stuff.
But I did play a little bit of Dig Dug, which is kind of neat because that came out this
week.
I don't know.
It's just Dig Dug.
I mean, what do you expect?
And then, tried a little bit more of Need for Speed Carbon.
The demo's pretty awesome, actually.
I'm pretty impressed with it so far.
So may need to check that out once the game finally makes its way out here.
And then, of course, I know there's some...I tried playing the multiplayer demo of Splinter
Cell, Double Agent, but unfortunately, at the time, I was torrenting a bunch of stuff
and Xbox Live didn't like that too much.
So I'll have to try that next week.
I think that's about all I played, yeah.
All right.
My gaming week, a lot of the old standbys.
I was playing a little bit of World of Warcraft, a little more progress in Enchanted Arms.
New stuff I checked out this week, though.
I downloaded Dig Dug when it came out on Wednesday, because out of the old Namco classics that
have been released recently, Pac-Man and Galaga, I would say Dig Dug's my favorite.
It was just always my favorite a long time ago.
I remember playing the game a hell of a lot on Commodore 64 and at a local pizza place
when local pizza places had a lot of good arcade games.
So it was cool.
It was kind of a little bit of memories.
I have to admit, though, I'm a little bit disappointed, as I'm sure most Xbox fans are
feeling, is that it seems like we've just had nothing but a barrage over the past couple
months of rehashed old classic games, and we're really looking forward to some of the
new stuff, Lumines, Castle Crashers, all this other stuff that's supposed to be coming out.
I believe I heard somewhere that Xbox has their stuff.
I want to say when we did the story last week about Duke Nukem, the possibilities of that
coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, they had said that Xbox Live has its calendar full through
the end of the year, or something like that, and it's kind of like, why aren't we seeing
releases every week, or why aren't we seeing more homegrown stuff?
Why can't they release more than one game a week?
Is that so difficult?
I don't know.
I mean, seriously.
I don't know.
But yeah, Dig Dug, yay, another classic game, not so yay, but for the value of $5, you can't
really complain.
It's got really easy achievements if you're into hoarding up the achievements, and unfortunately
no multiplayer or any of that stuff, but it's Dig Dug.
Either you remember it from your childhood and you love it, or you'll download the demo
and think, oh, another 1980s game that I may or may not buy, depending on how much nostalgia
means to me.
Going from something very nostalgic to something very new, it's kind of nostalgic in a way.
I also played Mortal Kombat Armageddon on PlayStation 2, which is the clusterfuck Mortal
Kombat, so to speak.
Every single character who was ever in a Mortal Kombat game, except for one obscure, you don't
even remember this chick, but most every single character's in it.
Did you try the Mario Kart type game?
I did.
The Motor Kombat, or whatever it's called?
It's cheesy.
I mean, don't expect...
It's not a racing game.
Mortal Kombat Armageddon was not designed to be a racing game.
It's definitely something extra they tacked on.
It's cute, it's fun, but it'll get old fast.
The tracks are very simple in design.
They're very, very simple, and each kart only really has one attack that it does, depending
on which character you are.
For instance, Johnny Cage will launch a green bomb onto the track in front of him so he
can hit guys in front of you.
Melina does a boost type thing.
It's a very simple game.
This is not a replacement for Mario Kart.
It's just something extra to giggle at for a few minutes.
The game itself is based off the engine of the previous games.
Unfortunately, I do feel they had to dumb it down a little bit to fit all of the characters,
just the massive characters they have in this game.
Each character now only has one fighting style and a weapon, but you get a fair tradeoff
because now you have the create a character mode, although essentially what I noticed
in create a character mode is, costumes aside, pretty much everything else you're buying,
you're just buying bits and pieces of what the other characters already have.
But it's still kind of neat.
Some folks like the Barbie mode in their fighting games, so it's kind of fun.
I would say if you like the previous Mortal Kombat games, you're probably going to like
this one too, but as far as entry level Mortal Kombat games go, as far as fighting, I actually
think I kind of preferred the last one a little bit, but I don't know.
Actually I haven't gotten to play this one in depth enough yet.
I'll be honest, I didn't even get a chance to check out Conquest mode, which I wanted
to.
I heard it short though.
But I really liked the last one, and it was pretty intricate with the fighting styles
because you had combos that would chain from one style to another to the weapon.
Well, the last one technically was Shell and Monks, so that wasn't really a Mortal Kombat
game.
No, not that one.
The one before it.
Deception.
Deception, yeah.
I actually think I kind of preferred that one.
So what if it didn't have the big cluster of characters?
I've had enough to keep the game fresh and moving.
But if you're a fan of Mortal Kombat, this is definitely fan service.
I would say the other disappointing thing about this game is I'm kind of surprised it's
not next gen.
I think if they went next gen with it, then maybe they could have squeezed all that stuff
into it.
Of course, it probably would have been in development for another year, but I don't
know.
They're probably working on one.
It's not bad.
If we're fighting, considering the amount of variety you get with this game, it's actually
pretty good.
It's a fighting game itself.
I feel a game like Soul Calibur II or III even is much more intricate in the fighting
styles, whereas this is just variety, fan service, just throwing tons of different things
at you.
So take it as you will.
And then that's about it.
One other thing, but we'll get to that later.
So I'll ask Miklotov, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty good, shockingly, since I'm not only playing Final Fantasy XI
anymore.
This week I played a good amount of Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 and Luminous Live on Xbox
Live.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
How come the rest of us haven't gotten a chance to play that?
Because you guys don't use Microsoft's network.
Oh, I see.
You're special.
I'm special.
Okay.
And I had a great time with Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3.
Luminous Live, not so much.
The 360 controller really, really, really sucks for that game.
I also picked up three new games this week.
I picked up Clubhouse Games for the DS, and that's kind of boring, but it got me through
the Wii pre-order line on Friday.
I also picked up Shin Megami Tensei Devil Summoner, and that's a really, really neat
game.
I'm not too far in it.
And I picked up Mortal Kombat Armageddon, and I think it's a decent game, but they screwed
up Rain, and he was my favorite character.
So I was not too happy about that.
Other than that, haven't really played much else, I guess, except for what we'll be talking
about later.
So that's about it.
Other questions in chat room, the always present extra guest on our show, orangelaunchradio.com,
click on chat.
Jeremy Todd 1 asks, Miklotov, so you're saying the shitty 360 controller's D-pad works good
for Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3?
Actually yeah, because you can perform the rolling moves, like down to forward and stuff
like that, really easily.
So yeah, I would say it works pretty well for Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3.
How about the lag in the game, because I know that was something that was a bitch with Street
Fighter 2, and I was just wondering if they fixed that kind of stuff.
I didn't notice any lag, honestly.
It was really nice.
Yeah, but wouldn't it be harder to judge on your network, though, because that's like
a different thing than the public thing?
That's true.
So I mean, it might be different on the public.
I think we got some pretty bad lag, though, when we were playing Street Fighter before
it came out, also.
Interesting.
There was another comment in chat room, Blaze said, Skye, the original Mortal Kombat never
had the variety.
It's a true throwback.
Yeah, I guess, but you know, your expectation level of fighting games was different back
then.
But then again, come to think of it, that was kind of one of Mortal Kombat's weaknesses
in the beginning.
I mean, yeah, it had fatalities, but the first one, as great of a game as it is, it is a
little clunky, especially on the Genesis.
How would you like to create a fatality mode in that?
Oh yeah, that was the other thing about the game that bothered me.
You don't really create a fatality.
You just kind of do these, when it goes finish him, you just start doing like, tor tor square,
a way toward X, you just start doing all this random stuff, and they'll do all these types
of random things.
Some of them are kind of funny, like one fatality I watched Miklotov do, he ripped somebody's
arms off and then knocked their face off with the arms, which is kind of funny, but the
only problem with that is that once you've kind of gone through that, there actually
isn't this level of variety that you'd think.
I think it was a lot cooler when everybody kind of had their own unique thing they did,
but I understand, again, 60-something characters, it's probably harder to do that, so that's
why they had to go here.
And like I was talking earlier to you about it, I don't think it's totally just that,
it fits with the overall game's theme where everybody's just kind of rushing towards trying
to get this power, and you know, it's not so much a tournament anymore as it's, let's
just quickly kill as many people as we can so we can get farther than everybody else
and get this power.
I do like the fact that maybe the unlock's a lot easier in this game, you don't have
the red, green, blue, grey coins, you just have coins, period, and then you know what
you're unlocking before you do it, unlike the crypt where you had to open up a coffin
and hope it had something good, unless you were cheating using GameFAQs, so anyway.
Anyway, enough about my gaming week, let's get into some housekeeping news.
There's actually not going to be a live show next week, we're going to pre-tape number
205, that's because two of us are going to be out of town next Sunday, so there's not
going to be a live show on Sunday, I believe we're going to pre-tape Wednesday night at
this point, it's going to replace the usual guys on a show that you hear on the live station
only here on Wednesday night, so we will be pre-taping live.
There is, though, something I'm going to bring back that happened at Disneyland, or I should
say didn't happen, no one found me.
Well, it's a big place.
Yeah.
But I'm going to be at YowieCon this, next weekend, and I will be cosplaying as an Organization
13 member, so you will see me.
Nerd!
Chris and Megsy are doing it, too.
Nerds!
I know, but we're cute nerds.
So we are going to be in the big trench coats with stuff.
If you find me, then you will get a CD sampler.
Some CDs from a different drum.
Yeah.
Yeah, we have little three-inch singles, Rain Dancer with Come With Me and Rupesh Cartel,
Death with Soft Names, but one of the B-sides on that single is Yours to Command, which
is one of the new Ditter songs that we premiered earlier on in the DDR preview segment.
So if you find me, if I'm not completely fawning over the Yowie action, then you get
a present.
I was going to say the man-gina.
But I will also make this disclaimer, and I'm going to be singing Nightmare Before Christmas
in 3-D at the Metreon on Friday night, and I will extend it there if somebody recognizes
me, you get the CD.
If not at YowieCon, then at the Metreon.
I worry maybe I should give you some more, because there might be a lot of our listeners
at YowieCon.
I'll tell you what.
First three people.
How's that?
We got a lot of these.
We got a lot of these.
So there you go.
Two other ones for YowieCon, one is for Nightmare Before Christmas.
There you go.
Right there.
Three pairs to give away.
Have fun.
All right, so go find Dark Sakura at YowieCon.
I thought she already had one.
That's all right.
She wants to keep one for herself.
I see how it is.
That's fine.
I actually forgot that I already had one, but oh well.
That's all right.
Have fun.
Give those singles away.
I will be traveling as well this weekend.
This is the weekend where I'm finally going to New York City.
Yes, I missed Digital Life by one whole week because I'm just cool like that.
I will be in New York City this weekend, and I took some listeners' advice and scheduled
a time to be at the Nintendo World Store.
Now here's the thing.
I haven't exactly cleared it with them or anything, and I'm not expecting a swarm of
people.
We don't exactly have that many people listening to the program, but I will be there Saturday
at noon, so come look for me at the Nintendo World Store.
You know what?
I have friends, too, so they can come find me.
So it's a West Coast-East Coast thing.
You can come find Jamie on the West Coast, and you can come find me on the East Coast.
So you can find some more.
Exactly.
So that will be Saturday at noon at the Nintendo World Store.
I will be there.
And Loki, you can find on his couch all weekend long.
I'll be on my couch at my house, and I will have a CD in case you find me, just in case.
Mikl Tov, will you be anywhere for the fans to meet?
Actually, no one knows what you look like, anyway.
Yeah, they don't.
I'll be at work, probably, so if you find me at work, I'll give you a high-five, because
I don't have CDs.
All right.
Sounds good.
Actually, I should, because the picture on the form is sort of outdated.
My hair is dyed red now with black streaks in the front, so it will probably be straight,
not curly.
Yeah, you look a little different than you do in the album art that you see on iTunes,
like when you download, because that picture is like six months old.
More than that.
We did those pictures last winter.
Wow.
Long time.
We need new ones.
It's time for new pictures.
New ones.
All right.
But if anyone looks at my DeviantArt account on my Deviant tag, that's what my hair looks
like.
All right.
So come find us.
New York City, Saturday, YALIcon, Metreon, all weekend long.
Orange Orange Radio invades coast to coast.
DDR previews a little bit later on in this segment.
Two new songs from Ultramix 4 and two new songs from DDR Universe tonight.
But first, some gaming news.
Yes.
Lots of gaming news.
And of course, you know, like every year, we were looking forward to E3, keyword is
were.
Unfortunately, E3, as announced last, well, actually earlier this year, it's been downsized.
So yeah, unfortunately we won't be able to see this wonderful giant expo with 60,000
plus people in it.
And well anyways, here's the details on what's going to be happening with this.
It's now being called the E3 Media and Business Summit.
It will take place between July 11th and the 13th in Santa Monica, California.
And they're actually going to be taking up several hotels as well as the large Barker
Hanger, which is going to be kind of a show floor type thing, I don't know.
I guess a place that they can use to demonstrate stuff, basically.
And it's going to be invite only.
And basically, according to Doug Lowenstein, this is kind of how he's summing up the whole
E3.
E3 is not a place where product is sold anymore.
The industry is recognized as a big part of mainstream culture.
So the need for a big glittering event to validate the industry is not what it used
to be.
What is needed is to focus on the fact that E3 is going to be much more about media related
opportunities.
The question is, what is the most efficient way to create those opportunities?
Here's my question to Doug Lowenstein there.
When you say media, do you mean media or the people that have TV shows and giant multi
million dollar websites because talking with some of the other publishers out there, that
seems to be the case.
They just kind of want to ignore the smaller guys.
So just remember that the smaller guys do have a reach out there in the marketplace
and do contact your customers.
So take that in mind when you're picking those select thousands of people that are going
to be at this event.
So that whole thing where he says there's no need for E3 to be the glittering event
it once was, he's basically saying, Paris Hilton, stay home.
Keep your skanky ass at home with your dumb little dog and get the hell away from my show.
To that I say, Amen.
I understand because there are a lot of people there and it's hard to conduct business, but
at the same time, it's good to have the publicity for your games, especially the smaller companies.
They want people noticing their game there because then it gets covered and then the
word spreads about it.
I think that there are the major news sites out there, but the smaller guys also get the
message out.
When you're reading it on some of the smaller sites, it's like, wow, this information might
be pretty big if it's being covered.
The smaller sites don't tend to just copy and paste the press release.
Not that I'm insinuating that the big boys do anything, but I overheard at a recent media
event, big boys saying that's essentially what they did is they copied and pasted from
the press release.
So if that's what you want, why bother throwing a show?
Just fucking email E3.
Just put E3 in a zip file and send it to their email.
Web conference, not in a conference room with those intercom things.
I don't know.
I'm just worried.
Personally, I'm worried we're not going to be invited.
That's my only worry and it would be very disappointing to me because I really do care
about seeing these companies' product and helping promote that stuff.
That's kind of why we go, but they don't think that just because...
I like how certain TV shows out there, even though they don't cover gaming anymore, still
get top listing on these new events.
I don't know.
I'm not trying to be focused on that.
If they don't want coverage, then we'll cover something else that wants the coverage that
I'm sure is a decent game, fine.
But I think it's interesting that the whole thing is being held in Santa Monica because
I think about, shit, we stayed in Santa Monica for the last E3 and had that horrible commute
to downtown LA that made us late for those shows we were doing for Marina.
That hotel we stayed at, the Best Western or whatever it was, probably going to be twice
as expensive next year now that E3 is there.
But I then think about, boy, Scott over at All Games and the folks at Arena Interactive
Lounge where we broadcast...
Snack dab in the middle of it.
They're probably having a fucking field day at this news.
They're probably so excited.
But I also think, and I'm not insinuating anything, I don't know shit about what they're
doing next year, but just knowing the type of guy that Scott is, he will try and get
some of those indie developers that get shut out of the big show over at the Arena.
My gut tells me based on some things I saw last year that probably I wouldn't put it
past those guys to try and do some type of unofficial E3 satellite thingy there and it's
going to be right in the heart of everything.
And I say, fine, we'll cover that if we can't get into the big show.
So I'm looking forward to it anyways.
Outpost is where it's at next year.
I miss my yearly playing of X-Tango.
Yeah, poor X-Tango.
Hey, yeah, Scott, if you're listening, get the X-Tango folks at Arena.
Tell them to give me a copy.
So we can ask them if their game's ever going to freaking come out.
That'd be nice.
It's going to be part of the brand new Duke Nukem Forever.
Coming out on the Phantom.
Anyway, speaking of games that we've been waiting for, the demo for Phantasy Star Universe
on Xbox 360 is out.
Today being Sunday for us, is the last day that you can download it.
I think it was down midnight on Saturday.
Well, whatever, by the time the people who download this show hear it, it's too late.
Well, at any rate, I haven't played mine yet.
I did download it yesterday, which is why I made my whole gamertag account and everything.
But it will be up for play until Wednesday midnight, so that's the only time you're going
to get to.
Of course, it's already been in Japan forever, and I already know someone who has it on PC.
But you know what's really pissy though about the Japanese release is that your CDs are
all coded much like the US ones were for the GameCube and Dreamcast.
But you also can only register online, and Sega got a whole crap load of complaints about
that from people who don't have internet service or dial up.
Or they just want to play the single player mode.
They bought it just for single player, but you cannot play unless you register, even
single player.
Ouch.
Well, as for the open beta, once the actual release is out, it will be $9.99 a month for
our European listeners.
That's 6.99 pounds.
And they're saying that it will be available for your license, or they're calling it guardian
license, will be available for purchase beginning the 24th of November on PC, PlayStation 2,
and Xbox 360.
Luckily, all the achievements are offline, so I can just rent this thing, which is excellent
horror.
And note the other best part about that beta demo is Tuesday that Xbox Live is going to
be down the whole day, so you actually only get about two days to play that.
Thank you, Sega.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, Xbox Live is going to be down Tuesday, so whoops, whoopsie daisy, forgot to plan
for that.
Oh well.
At any rate, it's already out on PC in Japan, and that hasn't stopped people.
My friend who's actually had this game now for about, I would say she's had about three
weeks to a month, right?
There is someone who is on one of the big Phantasy Star sites, again I'm not going to
list names publicly, has made a loading tool for this to bypass the online registration.
You cannot play it online, but you can play it in single player mode if you want to try
out the PC version.
Just look around, it's out there.
I actually got to play the PSU demo, or beta, whatever you want to call it.
The thing is though, it's kind of hard for me to base my judgment off of beta, because
even though the full game is out in ten days, you did download something that's usually
going to be on a DVD, whatever.
But also the thing is that this thing is getting flooded with people that are just like, OMG
free game.
That's the problem.
I can't wait for these people to be gone, and it's just the people who actually want
to be playing and paid good money for Phantasy Star Universe, and then they'll stop bogging
the servers, I think.
As for the game itself, what I did get to play, the only problem I had with it is the
tutorial was a little bit clunky and would freeze up, so it was easier to bypass it.
If you bypass the tutorial, then you kind of don't know what you're doing in the game,
because just enough has changed from Phantasy Star Online.
Finally, once I figured it out and got in there, it was kind of fun, and I played with
a stranger through one level, and it ran pretty well.
I've got to say, some of the sceneries are really nice.
If you figure out, for those that are playing the beta, go out to the fourth floor, go out
the left side, and then you can transport to different planets, and you can transport
to this greenish planet that has a very ancient China-looking city, and then if you go out
in the world there, even though the mission is a level 15 mission, just kind of go into
it and see what it looks like.
It's really pretty.
It looks like fall, and things are falling from the trees.
It's nice-looking.
I don't think it's OMG, next-gen, to-the-max nice-looking, but that makes sense, seeing
as it was developed for PlayStation 2 as well, but it's nice.
I probably will pick up the retail version, only because I know at least Miklotov will
play with me, and probably DarkSakura and our buddy Kasumi as well will all be playing.
So it'll be fun, because there will be people to play with.
The one thing that I sort of hope is that since we've done this massive download, it
would be nice, though, for the folks that actually have gone into the effort of downloading
the game, that we could just play off the downloaded version, but maybe there could
be a quick mode or something that they actually use the demo version for.
Oh, I see.
Well, they already said you're not going to be able to transfer your character you made
in the beta over, so...
That's ridiculous.
Yeah, well.
Miklotov, what do you think?
You've spent a lot of time playing this.
I really like it.
I have a few really glaring issues with it, though.
So I play as a force on Phantasy Star Online, because they're the best.
And in this game, from what I can tell so far is that the only way I can do magic is
if I equip it to a weapon.
So I'm going to have to carry multiple weapons, or maybe, I don't know, I'm talking as loud
as I can.
I have to equip multiple weapons so I can have different magic spells, and that's going
to really make me angry.
And I like that Sega's crazy word filtering stuff still happens.
Somebody had to use periods to cuss at me today, and it was pretty funny.
Why were they cussing at you?
Because they're like 12-year-olds that are playing Xbox Live.
OMG free game.
Yeah, exactly, like what you said earlier.
Have you made voice chat in that?
Voice chat?
I don't know.
I didn't party, because I don't want to play with other people right now.
I believe voice chat is only available once you get into a zone.
It's not like in the lobby, like it was in the first game.
I think it actually is.
It's in party.
Yeah.
So one thing, though, that for anybody who is playing on Sega's website, they do have
a feedback form.
They want feedback from the beta, apparently.
So make sure that if you see any glitches, anything weird, anything you don't like, make
sure that you post about it on their page.
Doesn't it seem like they're kind of a little close, though, with only 10 days to go?
I mean, is this going to be another 8 days?
If it's something that just requires a general tweak or a change in code, then...
But the game's got to have already been shipped to retailers, essentially, waiting to go out.
But I think it's talking about major glitches.
Yeah, I know, but here we go again, another Xbox 360 game where they're patching it on
the back end to fix all the bugs.
You know, I'm just kind of like...
That happens with any type of MMO.
I guess.
MMOs exist to be glitchy.
I just hope it doesn't stay, you know, rappy Christmas for five years like the old Xbox
one.
You know, it sucks that it is glitchy, but we shouldn't expect MMOs to be glitchy.
That's just fucking laziness in programming is what it is.
I mean, you should be doing extensive beta testing on it, especially since the game came
out already in Japan.
You've already got, you know, some beta testing right there, you know, whatever you want to
call it.
But I think it's really ridiculous just to say, oh, yeah, this is a beta test, and hopefully
everything goes well because we already done the game.
So if we find a bug, yeah, that fucking sucks.
Any other thoughts on PSU?
The only other thing I don't like about it, and I know I'm being negative about it, but
I do really like the game.
At least in PSO, you all kind of look the same, like, you know, all the forces had dresses
and such.
But their creation in this game, while it's highly detailed, the costumes, each, like,
the newmans and the humans for each gender, they all get the same costumes.
So you see a lot of the same people running around.
It's pretty terrible because, I mean, I don't want to see a whole bunch of people with just
the black and red shirt on, and it doesn't seem like anybody's really, you know, their
own character because of it.
I do understand that the RBG slider has been removed to change color.
Oh, really?
I didn't know it was there in, like, the...
It was in the old ones.
You could change the colors of the outfits.
Oh, no, it was...
The hair and different tones.
You can do it for some of it.
Oh, you can still do the hairs and, like, the eyes and stuff, which is really cool because
you can do eyes before, it's just depending on your face.
But I mean, at least there were, like, different patterns on the different outfits you could
pick in PSO, but now it's just palette swaps, and they look pretty terrible.
You know, since Miklotov likes to play a force, essentially what he's saying is he misses
being able to wear a dress in Phantasy Star Online.
Yeah, actually, I kind of do it.
It doesn't look like a force if I'm wearing shorts and a short-sleeve shirt.
I'm sorry.
Dude, the forces were great because the men had these evening gowns, and...
Well, what I'm thinking is they probably removed some of the stuff for the beta.
I mean, because it's, you know, they cut down the file size.
I think it's actually like that on the PC version.
I'll have to, I actually have to ask my friend who's been playing it.
Oh, hopefully they'll release more later.
I don't know.
There's supposed to be downloadable patches later for extra outfits and things you can
earn, stuff like that.
All right.
Well, we'll have a more full review of the actual game itself once it's released.
I'm sure at least one of us, if not two or three of us, are going to pick that thing
up, so we'll give you our full thoughts on the game a little later.
In the meantime, if you haven't downloaded the beta yet, too bad.
You're not going to get a chance.
Moving on to another Xbox-related story, Microsoft is teaming up with Best Buy and the Boys and
Girls Club of America to go on a 20-city bus tour.
They're going to be educating parents on the ESRB rating scheme and how to implement parental
controls on the Xbox 360 and the Xbox Live service.
In other words, hopefully there'll be a tutorial on how to block asses on the Xbox 360 cams
for parents.
This is a nice, good service, feel-good community thing, but it certainly doesn't help in selling
parents on Xbox 360s, does it?
I'm sorry?
I think it does.
What do you mean?
Oh, no, no.
I'm being a little bit sarcastic.
Oh, sorry.
I'm stupid.
I'm telling parents on the Xbox 360, like, look at what a great, family-friendly system
we are.
Nintendo, eat your heart out, you know, type thing, even though, you know, I'm again being
sarcastic because obviously Nintendo and Sony both will have very similar things built in
their systems.
Anyway, the tour is going to be going around pretty much the top cities in the U.S. where
the most people are, you know, Los Angeles, Austin, Washington, D.C., Chicago, San Francisco,
Seattle.
If you want to check out the full schedule, you can always check out xbox.com slash is
your family set.
Is your family set, Loki?
I would hope so because I don't have a family.
I'm set, so, you know, whatever.
I'm set and ready to see some Xbox cam boobies and cocks.
Let's make sure you're 18 and over, please.
I have the internet for boobs.
Well, I haven't seen any of that stuff yet, but yeah, that'd be kind of fun.
No, neither have I. I'm just kidding.
I don't really want to see it.
They should have a channel that's only that stuff.
Like the underground?
Like, yeah, something like the red light district or something.
Yeah, you do get to classify yourself.
It's called the green door.
You get to classify yourself, you know, under Xbox, like, oh, you're recreational, you're
pro or you're underground, right?
They do need red light district.
But I have never seen those categories actually dictate where you actually get placed.
Oh, I have.
Have you?
Yeah, for ChromeHounds, actually, when you're inviting people, you can make it specific
to certain...
Oh, whatever.
All right.
Whatever.
Well, it's pretty cool that they're, you know, kind of given some guidance to parents as
far as, you know, helping their kids with games and stuff.
Although some people, though, should have been receiving better guidance when they dropped
out of high school to play professional video games.
One such person, Tom Taylor, T-squared for short, is actually some 20-something year
old professional gamer who has landed a $250,000 gaming contract in addition to running his
brand new video game tutoring company.
And basically the Associated Press spoke with him about his, you know, earning six figures.
And basically his response to the whole thing was, he takes risks.
I take risks.
In order to get paid, you have to take risks.
I think I took the biggest risk I could take dropping out of school to play video games
and it paid off.
I guess some people are just born with talent in certain things like Michael Jordan was
born to play basketball.
I feel I was born to play video games.
Yeah, that's a really great role model.
Drop out of school so you can play video games professionally.
I don't want to see this guy be, yeah, I suggest all the gaming companies out there pick up
this guy as your spokesperson.
That's perfect.
That is the, you know, perfect role model you want for your customers.
Drop out of school because, you know what, you could buy some games on a minimum wage
job.
It's fine.
I want them to hire me.
I finished school.
I'm an educated gamer.
I want to tear into this guy but I can't help but think that would be a little bit hypocritical
when I think back to college and all the class I missed due to Final Fantasy VII.
But you know.
I used to skip class to watch Sailor Moon.
I think there's nothing wrong in the fact that, you know, playing video games for a
college, I mean granted that's pretty risky, I mean because, and let's not even get into
how ridiculous it is to pay people to play video games professionally, I mean that is
just ridiculous right there.
And I agree it's ridiculous with professional sports and all that stuff too, but whatever,
okay.
I don't say video games, video games is definitely not a sport, let me put it that way.
Just like curling.
I think there's a difference too between high school drop out and college drop out.
College drop out, that's fine.
In this society there's an expectation, you know, well certainly, I mean again I guess
it depends on which part of the country you're in, but you know, there's a real pressure
out there to really, you've got to graduate high school if you want to move up in the
corporate world.
I mean granted there are jobs available and I don't know, because it's like there's exceptions
to every world, but I just feel like, you know, if you're going to drop out of high
school for a family situation, that's one thing, but you're going to drop out of high
school to play video games, I don't know.
And you know, from what I hear too, his team isn't that great.
So I mean, I don't know.
Interesting comments in our chat room though over at orangelawntrader.com, click on chat.
Black Boy says, wait, how many pop stars never went to college?
Or maybe pop stars dropped out of high school.
I have no problem with people not going to college, because you know what, personally
I didn't go to college and I don't think I really missed anything, because there aren't
actually a lot of people that will start up, you know, their own businesses and stuff and
they're very successful without going to college.
I mean, granted, colleges help with certain jobs and stuff like that, but it's not necessary
if you've already got the smarts to kind of do it, you can pretty much, you know, start
up a company and be successful without it.
I dropped out of college, I'm not exactly proud of it, but at the time it's what I had
to do and I don't regret it.
I've actually been in college off and on now for about 10 years.
But see though, high school is important.
I think you should be finishing high school, I mean, because, or at least test out of it.
Yeah, exactly.
You should be doing better education in high school though.
Or, okay, I mean, I don't know, I just have a really big problem with someone like this
being kind of a sponsor, because all we need this guy is to actually start playing good
and winning stuff and then have him doing reviews on games and stuff, yeah, I got really
good by not going to high school, yeah, that's excellent.
In other words, kids, be cool, stay in school.
Exactly.
Any other comments from our chat room here, Funny Dale says, this guy is going to be working
at Burger King in five years cleaning out the fat fryer.
Hit Stun says, I can see him getting a right thumb injury and being out for a season and
going broke.
So, that's true, what do you have to fall back on if you get carpal tunnel?
You're screwed young man.
I have to have that Atari controller that used your eyebrows.
Or hopefully in the future we'll be controlling games with our brains.
Well, speaking of brains and certain people who remain unnamed on this radio show, not
using them, sorry, well, we've all been paying attention to the fact that Bully was pulled
into court for being, you know, violent game, oh my God.
I have a new name for said dummy.
How about Crack Frompson?
I still like Jackie Poo or Jackass.
At any rate, the verdict that went down though with the ruling is basically the judge is
not going to prohibit the sale of Bully.
To quote, in the time that he played the game, the judge said he did not see anything so
violent that would require the game to be held from being shipped.
The judge and Take-Two employee used a cheat code in order to skip around in the game.
From what I understand, I think they played through the game for at least two hours, and
that's plenty of time to get a good feel for the game.
They're also saying that there wasn't anything different than what was seen on TV really.
OMG, there's cheat codes to skip around in the game, excellent.
But if anyone's curious about how everybody's not friend, the real bully of the industry
reacted, he was told to sit down.
Wasn't there like outbursts in the courtroom in that whole thing?
Oh, I would have loved to have been there.
The thing is that he had no business being there because you cannot work, I think, as
legal advisor for something that you have an interest in.
He did mention though that he hoped that people got injured after playing this game so he
could go, I told you so.
Didn't he like sneak a slingshot into the courtroom to make some type of point about
this is what people are going to do?
Okay, okay, I know we're not really supposed to talk about it.
What about Simpsons?
Bart has a slingshot, I don't see slingshot-related deaths in the news.
He's an idiot, plain and simple.
The man has no comp, you can be educated and still be stupid, and this man is living proof.
I cannot wait.
And actually the thing about him being involved in this case is actually, from what I understand,
precedent to have him disbarred in that state, so let's hope it happens.
Raven's Dolphin says, Dennis the Menace has a slingshot.
Go back to like 50s homely- 40s, I think.
Was it?
40s, yeah.
I know, they were on Nickelodeon when I was a kid, so.
It's human nature, I'm trying to remember which philosopher said this, but the nature
of man is nasty, brutish, and short.
People are prone to violence, it's written into our freaking DNA.
No one talks about the dangers of cup stacking, either.
Really Jack Thompson should- oh, I said it.
Now I gotta go kill myself, that's alright.
Him should actually go after them, because cup stacking is very dangerous, I think.
Someone could put in an eye with that stuff.
Why can't he just go back to attacking the music industry, please?
My whole thing is, if they had pulled this game from Wal-Mart, or whatever, he got the
result he wanted, doesn't that set the precedent that Wal-Mart ought to be pulling copies of
Kill Bill off the shelves, and Pulp Fiction, and other violent train spotting, and other
really violent movies?
It's a double standard.
Of course, maybe Jack Thompson would like that, I don't know.
I said it too, spank, spank, spank.
Maybe they should change it to Bible Mart.
It's still a very nasty double standard that we're seeing in the overall entertainment
industry.
Right now, video games is the current scapegoat.
That's how it is.
It was music in the 80s and early 90s, it's evolved on to- back in the days, it was, you
know, we can't watch this TV show because it's so risque, and they attack in the morning-
Oh my god, Mr. and Mrs. Brady share a bed, who knew?
Oh my god, Elvis and his hip thrusting, who knew?
Or people would go on, what was that example, on the Ed Sullivan Show and ask them to change
lyrics.
Women are going to look at that and get impregnated immediately.
Or even now with the whole not having available women's health care because we're going to
decide to take over the world and fuck everybody, I don't know.
Flaming Bozo in our chat room says, why doesn't he go to porn, why doesn't he fight porn?
But at the same time, they don't sell porn at Wal-Mart, although I, well, I don't know.
Everybody knows Jackie Pooh shops at Wal-Mart.
I'm sure they sell Skinamax type movies there, but anyway.
We all know that the whole reason he's so retentive is just that he's just not getting
laid.
Wow.
That's it.
All right, well, you know- There's no one would.
Things about our dear friend, Mr. Frompson, get us a little bit angry.
I don't know about you, Dark Sakura, but I just, I get so frustrated whenever I read
about what this clown's up to next, and it makes me just want to rant a little bit.
Doesn't it make you want to rant a little bit?
A little.
So I think it's time to bring on the trumpets and the symphonies that declare it be the
FUs of the week.
My FU of the week goes towards the stupid evil sinus infection from hell.
For anyone who wasn't listening last year, I was sick for about two months with a weird
combination of bronchitis and pneumonia, because, um, as the sinus infection, um, well, I have
a sinus infection again, and it's starting off exactly the same way that my last one
did, so now they're pumping me full of antibiotics and all kinds of anti-allergy drugs and all
kinds of crap.
It makes me feel absolutely loony and also lose my voice, like, I wake up in the morning
and have no voice.
It's crazy.
And I love to talk, I guess, and so, you know, I'm on a radio show and all that.
And I'm not always sick.
FU to Fireboma, too, but, um, FU to the sinus infection, and also, the advice nurse was
so funny, she's like, now, you've got chronic fatigue syndrome, it says here on your things,
you're gonna get really tired.
No shit, lady!
But to, to, to their credit, the Kaiser folks were really nice to me and gave me my choice
of antibiotics, so, yeah, I hate it.
You sound like I've been drinking whiskey all night.
I always thought that chronic fatigue syndrome was an inclination to wearing camo, but, you
know, I guess I'm wrong.
No, chronic fatigue syndrome is wearing camo and, you know, smoking the chronic.
Gotcha.
Anyways, um, FU to the India casino that we went to last night, because, um, you know,
I think most Indian, actually, this Indian casino seems to be the worst one, it's Thunder
Valley over here, um, I believe it's in Rockland or something, whatever, in California, and,
um, basically, they want to rape you for your money, kind of like, um, yeah, like America
did to the Indians way back when.
But, um, anyways, um, I did leave there, though, only losing 50 cents, so that, that's really
good.
Oh, and, by the way, for Rob, FU, the fact that they do not have coconut shrimp.
Um, my FU of the week goes to commuting.
I'm giving the FU to driving this week, who would have thought?
No, my FU goes to commuting and long commutes, and they make me frumpy and sad.
That's it.
My FU of the week goes to Microsoft for making a crappy Xbox A60 controller and ruining a
brilliant game like Lumines, because you guys can't make a D-pad.
And that's going to do it for, uh, this week's dose of Angst.
At least it's better than the PSP D-pad.
I like the PSP's D-pad, it's just the analog stick, they're the nub, the nipple, that bugs
me.
When I play Lumines on PSP, I have to use the analog stick on the 360, and I'll tell
you, that's not really fun at all.
All right, well, speaking of Sony controllers, there's a new one coming out for the PlayStation
3, which was shown at Digital Life, which happened in New York City this weekend.
I'm sure some of our listeners, I know some of them were there, I'm sure we'll get some
calls in the Skyline a little later from the show from our folks who are at Digital Life.
But there were some awards handed out at Digital Life, and I'm, I'm assuming this was Digital
Life and Ziff Davis that handed out these awards, have no idea how they picked them,
but the reason why I say PlayStation 3 is that Sony PlayStation 3 won the award for
Best of Show.
So it seems like things might be on a little bit of a turnaround.
Even better people own some heavy narcotics.
Or somebody's on some payroll, I don't know, but Ziff Davis, they don't have a PlayStation
magazine, do they?
Oh, wait, they do!
Okay, but to be fair, they have one for Xbox 360 as well, right?
No, they have computer and video games.
Whatever.
I don't give a shit, okay?
The point is, is that, you know, they got this award or whatever, so it seems like in
some folks' mind, maybe things are coming around for Sony, and maybe now Sony is starting
to put out the, it's hard for me to say.
I didn't play PlayStation 3 at Digital Life, I'm going to be relying on the listeners who
call in later in the show to tell us how, if the PlayStation 3 at Digital Life was deserving
of this award.
I can just see it now.
You know why the PlayStation 3 is awesome?
Because it smells like money!
Somehow I doubt that's it.
What if they had really good games on display there?
Loki, you don't know, you weren't there.
Yeah, but I saw the list of games, and probably not.
Whatever, you know, hey, great.
Someone wants to spend $600 for the system, more power to you, go pre-order it at EB.
Oh, wait, can't do that.
SSJ100Matt says, Sky, they gave out Japanese horrors and HDTVs.
DJKipplesandbit says, I went to Digital Life, I have no idea how the PS3 won during that
show.
Let's see, Jaded2006 says, just keep thinking that Sony is going to make a turnaround.
Very interesting.
Also, some other awards won at the show, Gaming Hardware, PlayStation 3.
Gaming Software, Final Fantasy XII.
For those of you that have to shop for kids this holiday season, the best gift for kids
was the Fisher-Price SparkArt Easel.
Is that like a Light Bright?
I don't know.
I'm Miss Light Bright.
Best booth also went to Sony, but the hippest booth went to Napster.
Remember them?
Remember Napster?
They're still around.
Hey kids, remember Napster?
There had to have been recreational pharmaceuticals involved in that show.
I can neither confirm nor deny those statements again.
We'll hear from the listeners a little later in the show.
I'm sure they're already trying to hammer the Skype line to get in, so we'll see.
And SSJ100Matt is putting out a call.
Where's our listener, GrayWolf?
He's the guy in the forums that's unapologetic in his Sony Phantom, wishing he was here right
now.
Who apparently writes in poetic prose form.
Hey, they're fun to read.
You know what?
I encourage the opposing viewpoint to the masses.
I encourage the opposing viewpoint as long as it's educated.
And I'm all for a little bit of friendly debate as long as it doesn't resort to name calling.
Well, Sony is apparently pretty happy after this week's pre-order fest at GameStop and
EB.
Of course, in case you didn't hear, they sold out of all the systems that the stores
got.
Well, it's not hard to sell out when you're only reserving eight systems at a store.
I mean, I'm sorry, but, you know, now now eight was, you know, a larger number.
Some stores only got like four, I think.
Some had sixteen, to be fair.
But, still.
Eight to sixteen, whatever.
Anyway, so that's somewhere between twenty, oh, almost about twenty-eight thousand to
about fifty-eight thousand systems.
It's not bad.
Basically, according to the Sony Computer Entertainment of America spokesperson, Dave
Cracker.
Yeah, that's Cracker, all right.
His name's Cracker?
Well, Cracker or Craker or whatever.
Listen up, Cracker!
Anyways.
Sorry, I had to be said.
It was within minutes because, you know, obviously they sold out.
Oh, yeah, because you had the line going, so.
It reconfirms the excitement and anticipation that we've known since the very first discussion
of PlayStation 3.
We're just pleased to see that the reaction from the consumer is as strong as we anticipated
it would be.
It helps validate everything that we've been seeing up to this point.
So if I released a system with only one unit in the United States, it'd be like, we sold
everything in one second.
It's awesome.
My rebuttal to Sony is, everyone just go read VG Cats, look at the last comic, it perfectly
illustrates it.
And you know what, I'm sure we'll be covering this a little bit later on, but I don't think
a lot of those people were keeping those systems.
It's more like, hey, you know what, the Xbox 360 was being able to be sold for twice retail
on eBay.
Hmm.
I'll tell you what, because I've got a PlayStation 3 pre-ordered.
I know, traitor.
My husband ordered.
No, you're just a gaming whore.
No, he ordered one and didn't pre-order a Wii and I'm pissed off at him.
Yeah, F you.
Anyway.
But the thing is, is that, you know, like if we decide that we hate it, which I probably
will, except I want to play White Nights, but I could just autograph it and put it on
eBay for a million, then, you know, I'd pay for the rest of my college and set up my own
business and that type of thing.
I guess.
I don't know.
The Dark Soccer Autographed Edition PS3.
Well, also, I mean, of course, the Wii did also sell out as well at GameStop and EB,
and I believe each store is getting at least 32, well, they're getting upwards to 32 systems,
so about, I think it ended up being about twice what they were getting with the PlayStation
3.
I think the pro Sony side of this a little bit, you know, there are, I would believe
there are 50,000 people in this country that excited about the PlayStation 3.
I mean, for tech junkies, it is a Blu-ray player.
It's pretty cheap.
That's pretty exciting.
Maybe there's, you know, I would believe that there's that many fanboys.
I don't think there's any, it's just, you know, it's hard to go, ooh, it's just, it's
this ravaging success when you consider there's really only eight PlayStation 3s at the store
to be preserved, I don't know.
We'll see a little more towards November 17th, but then again, like I've always been saying,
is launch really that important?
PlayStation 2 didn't wow me at launch, but it really won me over about a year later.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe by a year later, they will have actual systems in the stores.
All right.
I want to ask, let me go talk really quick while he's still here, because he's going
to be leaving in a little bit.
I wanted to ask you, you actually camped out for the Wii pre-order, right?
I totally did.
Tell us about that experience.
How did that go?
What time did you get there?
Who else was there?
My roommate decided we were going to go do the Wii pre-order, because we really, really
want that system after playing it.
Because unlike some folks, I actually have to report to work at eight o'clock in the
morning.
Yeah, whatever.
I can go whenever I want.
And so we got up about 3.45 AM to go to our local GameStop, and he went a little bit earlier
than I did, but I arrived about a little past five, and there were already 16 people ahead
of me, which was insane to me, because I didn't think people were as stupid as I am.
Then again, this is the Bay Area.
This is Tech Home.
Yeah, that's true.
But I live in the sunset, which is dead, so it was still shocking to me.
And then more people started showing up, and around, I would say about maybe six, we had
a good 30 people in line to help pass the time.
I played clubhouse games, which is OK.
And then I'd say about 9.30, we had a little over 70 people in line.
What's great about that is that the store opens at 10.
So at about 9.30, 9.40, an employee came out, and those people who had been there since,
I would say about seven or eight, the people that were towards the back, they got told
that they would not be pre-ordering any systems today, because they only got 32 in.
So I thought it was kind of jerky that the employees waited that long to come out and
tell the people in the back of the line that they weren't going to get anything.
To their credit, though, corporate probably didn't tell them until then.
They probably didn't get an email until overnight or something.
That's not true.
That's not true.
Yeah.
They knew a few days in advance.
Yeah.
I knew about them.
Poopy!
They're just jerks.
But anyway, so they let us in two at a time to pre-order our systems, and I mean, it went
pretty smooth.
We got a list of stuff we could pre-order with the system while we were standing in
line, put the $50 down, and then we were on our way.
It was really nicely handled, except for that whole not coming out until 9.30 to tell the
people in the back of the line, because, I mean, you've got 40 people in line that aren't
getting systems, and we saw the employees get there about 9 and 8.30, so these people
are just waiting there, waiting for somebody to tell them that they have to go home.
What types of people did you see in line?
Was it all gaming nerds like you, or did you have the older parents?
I'm not a gaming nerd.
You are, but that's beside the point.
Were there any older people in the line?
Were there excited girls from college?
I saw maybe three girls, and then the front of the line comprised of scrawny white guys
and Asian guys, and then the back of the line were the older parents that maybe didn't realize
that they'd have to get there really early to get the systems preordered, so it was a
nice mix.
I'm just asking that because I'm curious, because Nintendo is trying to reach everybody,
but is it still the...
They're not going to reach everybody with a preorder that won't last longer than 10
minutes.
I still don't think that preordering the Wii is all that big of a deal, just because Nintendo
loves us, and you know they're making lots of them.
I just wanted the security, plus I kind of plan on maybe camping for the PS3, so I didn't
want to try to get to a nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd eBay, eBay, eBay.
And that's that.
All right.
Well, thanks for sharing your story.
We appreciate it.
That was very nice of you.
All right.
How about some more... Anything else you want to say on PS3 preorders?
Okay.
Well, I mean, there are going to be more preorders, I'm sure, around the world and stuff.
The whole thing is it's going to be very hard to come by, just very, very hard, so if you
are looking to get one, try to get it as soon as possible, because it is going to be like
the Xbox 360 was last year, and you might end up having to buy it on eBay if you really
want it or at day one.
And to be honest, I mean, I would wait, I mean, if it were me, I would wait just because
a lot of the launch games you may be looking forward to are delayed until next year, so
just kind of keep that in mind when you're thinking about preordering it.
All right.
Let's go on to some more gaming news.
Well, speaking of, back to the whole Sony camp, there is actually one thing that I am
personally excited about coming out on PSP, and that's After Burner.
Sega did confirm they have a deal with Planet Moon Studios to do a PSP version, a new one
of After Burner, so if anyone who was into the original, hey, and there's a quote actually
from the CEO of Planet Moon, most importantly, it's approximately 9,000% more portable than
the original arcade cabinet.
That just struck me as a stupid quote, but anyway, it's going to be called After Burner
Black Falcon.
It will have 19 officially licensed customizable planes, a single player modem, and Wi-Fi multiplayer,
and they're slated for spring 2007.
And I'd like to mention we also mentioned that back on episode 200.
That was also one of the big stories we came out with, so I see one of those under the
radar things.
Yes.
Well, it's been confirmed, you're not a liar, Loki.
Way to go.
I know.
Full auto 2 on PSP, March 14th, 2007, heard it here first.
Now if that's the one that doesn't happen, I'm going to laugh my ass off just to share.
Okay.
Speaking of Sony things, Eurogamer got a really in-depth look at PlayStation 3, the interface
and the online.
Check it out.
They got a pretty in-depth article over at Eurogamer.net.
Some of the highlights from their tour, of course, the PlayStation 3 is going to be using
what's called the cross media bar.
So if you've played the PSP at all, you're already familiar with how the PS3 is going
to be set up, which is kind of interesting that they have that very similar layout between
the two.
It kind of makes me wonder if the Wii and DS are going to be similar like that too.
I don't know.
They talk about how you're going to have web browsing on the PlayStation 3, something that
the Xbox 360 does not have currently.
Hopefully it will have better flash support and streaming media support.
Hopefully.
We'll see.
Yes, sir, I would imagine it can run this stuff.
There's the friends bar and there's different icons there.
Your signed in friends show their own icons on the bar there.
And then other icons would be those that are managing the PlayStation network account.
There's a master account and associated accounts.
So I'm assuming that's for like a family set up there.
So you could also like with the master account limit what your kids do on their accounts
and how much they can spend on the PlayStation store, which is another section of the bar.
And of course we all know SingStar is going to be huge on the PlayStation store right
out the gate.
So if you want to check out more on the tour of online and what to expect there, check
it out at Eurogamer.net.
And you know what's funny is the Sony store that they're going to have on there, no point
system like the Microsoft and Nintendo teams are doing.
It's just going to be dollars or your currency.
So that's kind of interesting I thought, I don't know.
But there's a comment from Mike in the chat room.
Loki is the only one that likes Full Auto.
And maybe that's true.
Maybe that's why no one else has been reporting on it, because you're the only person that
likes Full Auto.
So I didn't care for After Burner, you know, I still reported on it.
To be honest, Oblivion, it was a great game, but eh, so whatever.
Oh, I don't know about that.
Oblivion, I mean Oblivion is more than a great game.
I don't know about your, listen, Full Auto 2 is going to be fun with that one.
Granted it's exactly the same as Full Auto 1, but it's still fun.
Whatever.
Anyway, it's just to hold you over until they come out with a new Twisted Metal.
That's all that matters right there.
One thing that was kind of interesting, and we talked about it a little bit before about
Sony and the rumor that XFire is going to be teaming up with them for some online partnership
and stuff.
And Sony came out and said, no, no, no, that's not true.
That's only for one game.
Actually, no, it is true.
It actually is going to be happening.
It was officially announced.
They're going to be using the middleware, or they're going to be kind of teaming up
for a middleware solution that's going to be an add-on to the current, I guess PS3 friends
list and chatting that they're going to have in the actual PS3.
So this is going to be a little bit kind of tying into that, you know, being able to play
games on PC versus the PlayStation 3 and stuff like that.
So as mentioned before, the first title they'll actually be using that will be the new Untold
Legends game.
So it should be interesting.
See how that turns out.
I like XFire.
I actually, I really like XFire.
I think it's a pretty nice little app, even if MTV does own it, I really like it.
It's a cool little application.
So that should be interesting.
I could be some brownie points for the PlayStation 3 as far as I'm concerned.
It's going to need as many brownie points as it can get, but as far as the delay circumstances,
there's actually a rumor that came out, one of the Spanish gaming sites called Meristations
said that Kudaragi warned there would be a shortage of PS3 stock in Japan and North America
and that Europe would have to wait even longer than they already are, but a Sony spokesperson
has said that that was categorically not true.
I love how they always put modifiers on.
He was eating crayons at the time.
It's okay.
Exactly.
He was confused.
He hasn't run any media briefings since the Tokyo game show.
That's because they had him chained to his jungle gym in his house so that he wouldn't
go run out into traffic and die because they need him.
To spread weird rumors.
Well, at any rate, Sony is actually planning on shipping 6 million PS3 units on a global
scale by the end of the 2007 fiscal year.
Cool.
All right.
They can plan it.
Whether it happens or not, hey.
Do you think there will be further delays?
Despite all this?
I don't doubt it.
Possibly if they run into hardware problems.
If they run into the overheating problems or anything like that.
Something that they didn't foresee.
Well, they actually remember all those issues they had with the first model PlayStation
2.
Although, amazingly enough, I have a first model Japanese PlayStation 2 and I've had
it for years and it hasn't had any problems, but a lot of them were having issues with
coming off track, overheating.
I'm seeing there actually being lots of issues for the PS3.
All right.
Let's go to some release dates.
These are things that are coming out next week.
For the most part, we know these aren't going to get delayed.
Although, hell, even sometimes things get delayed at the last minute.
In Japan, you can expect these games to be coming out very soon.
On the PlayStation 2, October 19th, Dragon Ball Z Sparking Neo is out.
A game called Gift Prism is coming out.
It's from Syro Interactive, a very anime-ish looking game, but it's an adventure-type game.
It's also coming in a limited edition.
Everybody's Tennis is also coming out.
The Korean version actually is coming out on October 19th.
Sudoku Master on the PlayStation 2 should also be noted that various Wild Arms games
are coming out in Sony's version of the best hits, so you can get that cheaper through
your importer if you are looking for games such as that.
Coming out on the DS, several games in the Kodomo no Tami no Yomi Kikashi series are
coming out.
I'm not sure what type of games those are.
Children's something.
Yeah.
It's some type of children's game there.
It's just a miscellaneous.
It's by Starfish who creates these games.
Several games in that series.
It's pretty awesome.
Yeah, if I understood any of what I just said, yeah, it would be pretty awesome.
Well, anyways, but actually the US is going to be getting quite a bit of stuff as well.
This week is a very good week for games, so lots of good stuff, including of course Bully,
the game that's been getting so much controversy lately on PlayStation 2.
We have Ace Combat X, Skies of Deception on the PSP.
Get your flight sim on there.
If you're looking to get your flight sim on on the PC, Microsoft's Flight Simulator X
is going to be coming out, as well as Contact on the DS, Destroy All Humans 2 on PlayStation
2 and Xbox.
The first one was really fun, so I'm looking forward to playing this one.
Family Guy on PlayStation 2, PSP, and Xbox.
That one actually looks pretty good.
I kind of thought that was going to be a crappy port of a TV show, but it looks pretty good.
And then 10 Dogs, Dalmatian, and Friends.
Why this late in the game for those that were too lazy to unlock the Dalmatian in the first
one?
Not lazy, you just had to find the hat.
Anyways, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 on the 360, and Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent
also on the 360.
I know Sims 2 Pets will be coming out on PlayStation 2 and DS, as well as SpongeBob Creature from
Krusty Krab on PlayStation 2 and GameCube.
Yippee.
And then finally, on the PC, we have Battlefield 2142, and that is going to be coming out as
well.
But you know what?
Maybe you just don't have to tell them to go buy a game like that.
So we are going to give one away.
And how might you be able to do this, to enter in?
It's actually pretty simple.
All you have to do, and this contest will be running until Wednesday, is go to orange
launch radio dot com slash BF2142, or Battlefield 2142.
Just simply enter the contest there, and there will be a random drawing on Wednesday, and
we'll be announcing it in part A of episode 205.
And they'll be able to get that right away.
Yes, they'll be able to get it right away.
It's actually a digital distribution thing.
It's a digital download code, so you'll be able to download it straight to your PC.
So I look forward to that, and I look forward to giving a full review about the game next
week.
Now, doesn't Desperate Housewives come out this week?
Because I noticed in our chat room, somebody had said they just saw a commercial on VH1.
Who said that?
I think that was last week, to be honest.
Was it?
I think it was.
Oh, JV Mon says, a commercial for the Desperate Housewives video game just aired on VH1, which
means someone's watching Flavor of Love.
Same shame.
His career should have stayed gone when public happened.
Or to name calling.
I don't know, my attention was diverted elsewhere on the PC, whether it be Warcraft, Final Fantasy
11, Civilization, one of those other games.
I might have to go back and check out some more.
I just hear gelatinous cubes, and I think of all of my old D&D games.
But also coming out is Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent on Xbox 360.
A few other things to look forward to, by the way, is the new Blade Dancer game on PSP.
Metal Slug, King of Fighters, Neo-Geo Battle Colosseum, more stuff.
All right.
Down the line.
Have fun, you folks over in Europe, playing your renamed version of Bully.
What is up with that?
I still don't get that.
I guess Bully must have a real negative context overseas or something.
Could someone please enlighten me from overseas?
What's wrong with the word Bully?
I don't know.
This issue has been going back and forth and I'm getting to the point where I just don't
care anymore.
I guess you could call this a follow-up.
Last week we said something about how GameStop was tooting their horn that the Wii demo kiosks
were going to be exclusive to their store.
Well guess what?
Nintendo of America says, uh-uh, playable Wii setups will be available at a variety
of retail outlets.
We expect that anyone who wants to try Wii will be able to through multiple different
methods.
In addition to retail outlets, Wii will be playable at a number of mall tours throughout
the company, the nationwide Nintendo Fusion Tour, and other grassroots consumer events,
which means Loki was misinformed about this when he told us this a couple months ago in
his big scoop when the sales people were there.
GameStop was misinformed on this.
Part of me is starting to wonder if Nintendo really knows what they're doing until the
last minute on these demo kiosks.
I don't know, but whatever.
Who knows?
Maybe it's just stuff changes every day.
Now Nintendo has actually clarified that retailers will actually either be getting a traditional
pre-built interactive kiosk with the TV, Wii, and controllers, or just the Wii and controllers
that they can set up themselves.
That's pretty low-tech.
Hey, whatever works.
Maybe the whole thing, you know, I know this is getting into another story, but maybe the
whole thing has to do with interference from lighting and maybe not being able to control
it, and that might have something to do with it.
I thought that was a bunch of BS, but whatever.
Who knows?
Whatever.
It's just speculation right now.
Well, an interesting rumor has come out about the Wii console is that it might actually
be running Linux already.
So for those folks that love to install Linux on new things, whether it be the Nintendo
DS, the PSP, a toaster, a Billy Bass, whatever the hell, you know, too bad Nintendo beat
you to it.
Yes, exactly.
Apparently a Nintendo insider who blogs under the internet moniker Kiyoshi Saruwatari claims
that the Wii console will run an open source Linux OS, and of course it hasn't been confirmed
and it's purely speculation right now, but it's basically, you know, used for the back
end of, you know, using the software for, you know, porting stuff in there like the
Opera browser and stuff like that.
And it says it will be closed and will only allow signed code, but of course, you know,
anyone that remembers that kind of stuff knows that people will break that pretty quick.
Good.
Use it to break the region lock.
That's the first thing I want you Linux nerds to work on if this is indeed true and the
Wii already has it on there.
I want you to work on the region lock in case there's, you know, Oh and Don for the, you
know, Wii.
I want that shit imported ASAP.
Thank you.
Could you imagine Oh and Don on the Wii?
I'm thinking about it and I'm wearing a warm smile.
Well, as far as other things that are...
Hold on.
I'd like to...
Sorry.
And I hate having to read these.
Bad transition.
Five points from Gryffindor.
Hey.
Anyways.
I was on my way to a very wonderful transition.
And this will be the last story that we have from Kiyoshi Sarawati because apparently the
whole thing was a practical joke made up by him to get spread around the world.
So that will be nixed from the podcast.
Thank you very much.
So you just made up last five minutes.
Oh no.
I'm keeping that in.
Hey.
I am reporting the news.
Okay.
I said it was purely speculation and this is what this guy said.
It's all his fault.
Not mine.
I just...
I just report the news.
I think that's funny.
Don't shoot the messenger.
I think that's really freaking funny.
There's five minutes in my life.
I won't get back.
Speaking of things that I also think are funny is not really the story.
Nintendo has announced a launch of Live Move, which is a development tool to make it easy
to produce titles for the Wii easier and faster.
It was made by, I guess that would be iLive, an artificial intelligence specialist.
At any rate, it's supposed to help allow a developer to train the Wii remote just by
performing motions.
To quote on here from iLive's chairman Wei Yan, Live Move will allow the game industry
to move away from indirect digital control to more natural analog control for the first
time.
Ganyel Takeda, who's Nintendo's senior MD of integrated research and development, basically
said when Nintendo's development team saw Live Move, we instantly recognized how easy
it would greatly increase our ability to explore and experiment with new concepts and make
our lives easier.
So I'm looking to see what they can come up with.
Another quote on here that I think is really cool is, this revolutionary tool liberates
the imaginations of game creators, which I think actually the whole concept of having
something that you can use free motion to actually program with I think really just
links very well to the whole mission behind the Wii.
You have innovative games, but you have innovative development going with it.
Maybe some developers that want to see what's coming up in Nintendo's world might want to
check out the Nintendo Space World Show, of course the Nintendo World Show for short.
It's going to be November 3rd in Nagoya and November 12th in Osaka.
That was from Nintendo's official Japan site.
So check it out if you're over in Japan and want to check out what Nintendo's up to because
remember they don't do Tokyo Game Show, so this is kind of their version of that.
There will be of course hands-on Wii demos and new DS games.
Start saving those pennies quick.
Some interesting stuff that they're doing with the GameCube version of Twilight Princess
in Japan is only being offered online, kind of similar to what they do with Electroplankton
over here.
The main reason Nintendo is doing this is to avoid both versions of the game in stores
at the same time because of the Wii launch.
They would much rather see the Wii Zelda sell than the GameCube version and that wouldn't
be a guarantee if the two versions are on the same shelf.
There is no information on whether this same procedure will be passed on to Europe and
the U.S. as well.
Interesting.
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see if they do that in the U.S. as well.
I don't think they will.
I think there's a lot more demand for the old GameCube games here.
I think there's a lot of folks that buy the earlier generations of consoles because they're
cheaper so I think they'll still be on shelves out here.
You know what, some people might not want to use the Wii to play Zelda.
Well, wasn't there an old story that said you could plug in the old GameCube controller
and use that on the Wii version still?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Maybe.
For me, I had a discussion with Dan about this not too long ago.
He said that he's actually thinking about just picking it up on GameCube anyway instead
of on Wii.
Just for the hell of it or just because of the controls?
The control, instead of a few things changed from the E3 demo version that I wasn't too
happy with, like not being able to use the remote actually for the sort at all, you have
to slash.
Oh, weird.
And I was like, nah, I don't like that so we're probably just getting it on GameCube.
Or you might just have both because you're a whore for Link like that, right?
Maybe?
Well, I don't know.
I didn't play Wind Waker.
I refuse to play Wind Waker.
Well that's a different, that's fake cartoony Link.
That's not the real deal.
Alright well that is about going to wrap it up for our part A but you know, over the past
few weeks we have not been able to end part A of Orange Lounge Radio until we get to some
DDR previews and that's what we're going to do right now.
We're going to take a look at some new tracks here from DDR Universe and DDR UltraMix 4.
These are new Dance Dance Revolution games coming out from Konami a little bit later this
year, possibly early next year.
We don't have a firm date on DDR Universe yet but we know sometime this winter the game
is going to be out.
So far December 2nd but that could always change.
That could always be changed, absolutely.
But it doesn't stop us from showing you some of the new mix by Jondi and Spesh and we're
going to hear the long mix right here on the DDR Sneak Peaks here on Orange Lounge Radio
coming to DDR Universe.
Alright there we go.
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected
We are connected
We are connected
We are connected
We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected
We are connected We are connected
We are connected
