All games radio is now broadcasting live from Sacramento, California up next orange lounge radio
The following program is intended for mature audiences
Tonight on orange lounge radio
Sadly we did not win the mega millions, so we're here and not a Tahiti
But lucky for you guys because it's been a very busy week in the Bamani news world. We have a lot of stuff to cover tonight
So stay tuned
Or we'll throw you into the Hunger Games and you'll have to kill each other endlessly
And complain about how you're in a ripoff of battle royale even though the concepts been around since like the 20s
We'll be right back after this
Orange lounge radio is presented in the TMI sound format
Oh
Oh
God
Call me daddy
Orange
Lounge they contain adult content orange lounge may contain many four-letter words
Orange lounge may contain a scene of nudity
orange lounge may contain plenty of
A little cocky just kidding orange lounge radio will not contain any of that in this episode. Well, isn't that special?
Orange lounge radio live is a fully interactive program via our website at
www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now here are your hosts for orange lounge radio live dark Sakura sky and Loki
We are live
This is episode number
452 for this April the 1st of 2012 you're tuned into the be money seems most
fabulous radio stations of all things be
Money and then some my name is Rob Roberts
But you might know me as sky joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts first off the happiest bunny on the farm
Jamie Summers also known as dark Sakura
How are you doing?
You have explosive diarrhea, I'm sorry to see that no, I already hear that no
I guess if I saw that that would be a really weird. I would wonder how you got in the bathroom
In that corner say hello to tech master Loki low
I'm doing okay. Yeah. Yeah, what's up with this?
I don't see food out all over the table for you to they already ate
I already ate it and unfortunately the burger was non-edible. I had a burger but I eat it it well
It was it was not edible. I had to eat. I only eat about a quarter of it
And it's just like it was terrible. Sorry to hear that stop going to McDonald's you have a rough life
is
Seriously, right world problems. That's a bad coffee for dinner. Well as far as special guests in studio tonight
We were we were hoping we would have
Jonas or explicit or DDR angel or zero or one of our usual guests
But even the 23rd Vegas, they're not 23rd man is not here. None of them are here
It's just us in studio tonight
Feeling the love talking about everything that's going on in the Bomani scene this week, which oh my god. Oh my god
It's been a busy week. I swear we've been doing the show for how long that's like for years and years
We're sitting here going nothing's happening in our DVR scene and we're really sad but tonight
It blew up just like our sakras, but hey
My butt did not blow up
So we're gonna cover all that news and talk about how angsty we are that we didn't win the lottery
And I want to talk about play. This is really important. I want to talk about reading because you guys I
Fucking read a book this week. You can read I know right. I read a book
I'm gonna tell you all about that when we come back. How is your day? How is your week and all that?
Well, we come back after this music break
And I thought we could start off this music break
We were gonna do underappreciated
Dinner songs this break underappreciated songs the best of the worst. That's right the best of the worst
So we'll be right back after this music break with more of orange lounge radio for April the 1st of 2012. We're out of that
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Please listen to orange lounge radio because real radio makes Captain Jack cry
And that's a real feat because he's dead I know right it's like from the great beyond
It's like what's that crying under the ground? Did someone buried a baby down there?
Orange lounge radio live
452 for those April the 1st of 2012. I can't help but feel there's something about today like something special
I was supposed to remember but oh well, whatever
So anyhow, we're here in studio
Chilling out to dynamite rave which always makes me think of your freestyle routine Loki. Yes, the one I forgot like
Like fuck it. I'm walking out up on stage. You just fucking froze didn't what did the judge? I didn't freeze
I just like I forgot it about
Halfway through it. I'm like and fuck it. What did the judges score you on that when I remember it was like a three
It's like long ago would have been better if you hadn't used mirror
probably
Good times. Well, how you doing dark Sakura? I
I want a burrito. Do you instead? I'm going to have tea. I thought you were doing this whole fasting thing
That's why I'm having tea. See Alan is being kind enough
He was gonna miss tonight was gonna be Taco Fest Eva here at Studio
OL are and he's been kind enough to postpone that until the show is over. I
appreciate it
No problem. We have a very busy schedule of news tonight
There was the Konami press event this week that just came out of the blue
The cannot I don't remember what's called the Konami kissa nieta or something like that
I think they were celebrating the 15th anniversary of something but we are gonna talk about all that another Frogger anniversary cuz goddamn that
No, I mean this we're gonna talk about Frogger on this show. Did you miss the part about it's Bemani? Yeah
I understand I understand that but you know, they like to throw out those Frogger anniversaries
We're celebrating the 23rd anniversary for it's like no fucking care
Maybe there will be a version of DDR
Well little little frogs will show up on the air on the little arrow pads and you can step on them to kill them
That would be it. I play that
It's like that spider stomp
exactly
And I have witnessed the spider stomp freestyle routine that was that was interest
How did the spider stop freestyle routine go down? It was it was explicit that did it. I'm I believe and
It was pretty awesome
No, no was explicit
I don't remember now wasn't an explicit routine because I've seen some of those in my ears of DDR festiva's and so forth
Ah, I don't remember. It was something that it came out when we went to
we had to play Q's are and
How does the spider stomp freestyle work I don't understand
It's just like DDR but spider stomp, you know, I step on the glowing bubbles what?
Nothing. I was just remembering went working in the arcade and having a spider stomp
Did you have a spider stomp it we did in Alabama?
Wherever it was you were when I worked at cyber station. We had a spider a spider shop. Mm-hmm
I was really good at spider stomp to saying no
I remember was now is a prestige routine or prestige. Oh that guy. Yeah, that guy was hilarious
Yeah, good times
All right. Well, we're gonna start off the show us we always do with a little bit of how was your week?
How was your day where we talk about?
Whatever the hell you want from this past week or day and so forth because you know
It is the home of all things Bamani and then some so this is the and then some part of it dark soccer ladies first
so, uh
Friday actually Thursday. I
I called my friend's new boss and said hey, I'd like to work there
Friday I went in for no. No, that was Wednesday because I was at school Thursday. I get a call back
asking how did you get the number and
Send me a resume then I get a call back after I interviewed for my had my second interview for eHarmony
And they're like, okay. Can you come in tomorrow? So I went in Friday
They like we like you
So now I have a job. I start my day. You got a job. Yay Kermit. Yeah, so eHarmony when they're you know, like for example
Checking out new candidates for job positions. Do they match them up with you know, different levels of compatibility, you know
They actually go through a recruiting service
Ah, maybe you're 80% compatible for this this job and maybe only 60% are your
Homosexual you cannot apply not true because they have a service called compatible partners now
Because they got sued into it
But yeah, so I got to send them a rejection letter
The eHarmony people how do you go about writing a rejection letter?
Are you really supposed to be talking about what company you said? No to I mean, I don't know
I I'm sure they don't listen to this show if they do. Sorry
I was like, I regret to inform you that I have chosen a more qualified position with another company
You know, I said they're paying me more it's it's you know better work more challenging more what I'm looking for. Give me money
I'm sorry. We're not a match
You stood up eHarmony, that's awesome. I
I mean honestly eHarmony like judging everything
They just seemed like a fantastic company to work for the working-from-home thing would've been cool
but you know, I have bills I
Need and on top of that I need to get out of the house
And how long how long is the job dry spell been going on now? It's been a little bit, right?
It's been bad. I got laid off November 2010. Oh, wow
So yeah, it's been a while
Um, but here's the funny thing. I will be working with my BFF Becky. We worked at the same last job
So that's not a recipe for disaster or anything. No, cuz we we know how to behave in a professional environment
We're doing two different jobs on top of that. You know, it's just it's gonna mean, you know nice
So very cool
Loki how was your week? How was your day? Uh
Mainly this week. It was just kind of I don't know
um back to work
Because last week I was off a couple days to watch Josh ball. Nellie was
Going to the doctor and stuff. Um, and then
What else I do
Slapped nothing. I didn't sleep that much actually. No, it was pretty much
Just always saw the Hunger Games last week, I think I already talked about that though
Uh
Nellie went and saw
The bodyguard in theaters what yeah because they had one night it was the 20th anniversary of the bodyguard and
and so she went and saw it in theaters and she said that the sound mix was horrible that they
Then when they I guess remastered it they remastered it in a tin can and so it just sounded very tinny
Does this mean that they're coming out with like a new blu-ray or something? That's yes. It came out on Tuesday actually and she wants that
Of course, she does
So yes, she she went but you wouldn't take her to see it. No forget. No, here's the thing
I had a movie screen to us was to be going to this week
Unfortunately, I didn't make it in in time because I didn't catch the email until a day later
But I had an opportunity to see Ted, but I I missed it
and Ted of course is the new comedy with
Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis
Which is being written by?
Seth MacFarlane, it's about a guy who wishes for his teddy bear to come alive one Christmas and then he does and so he has
This walking talking teddy bear, but now he's grown up. And so there's this teddy bear that's with him
That it's just like this boozing
Prostitute sleeping with you know, there's still that from an episode of supernatural
I'm like, I'm not sure how I feel about that. That sounds kind of scary
So they totally stole that from Supernatural. It sounded sounded funny, but unfortunately didn't get through that
Oh, and of course, you know, I played some DDR. So
That was my week. Absolutely. All right
Okay my week I
Read a book y'all. I read a book. I read a book from start to finish
You can I did I can and I read a book. I read a book in like four days
I think I only took about four days. I read The Hunger Games
Okay
Let me I'm disappointed didn't I give you a copy of?
Ready player one. No
Well, I'm gonna give you a copy of ready player one cuz you want to read that. All right, I'll read ready
I'll give you both a copy of ready player one sweet. No, I I don't know why I read The Hunger Games
I mean, yes, I know it's a movie and all that stuff. Oh my god, I heard
But all my friends are reading it and just raving and raving about it and like won't shut up about what a good book
It is so I'm like fine. I'll check it out. I'll try it
And so I read the whole thing start to finish and it wasn't bad
so what did I do the day after I read The Hunger Games when saw the movie and
seeing the movie with everything so fresh in my mind was
It was easy for me to pick out everything that really bugged me about what they changed from the book and even Alan commented
Like I could tell every time they changed something from the book because I would just hear this deep sigh coming from over where you're at
Yeah, but I think according to my wife. She said that actually the movie is better than the book
They're different. I'm not gonna say one is better than the other. I think they were both good
They were both good in their own way, but because they moved the biggest problem
Quote-unquote with the translation is that because the book is first person and the movie's third person
There's a lot they have to do differently because you're not inside her head
So they have to use a lot of these other scenes to kind of explain what's going on because she can't do it in her
Head for you. So seeing these extra scenes was a little weird, but it wasn't bad
I like the visual translation of it all and can we stop can we stop can we stop with the battle royale comparisons?
Seriously, like I get it kids having to play the death to the match thing. Okay. Yes, lol. It's very similar, but
It's the same thing that was done in Stephen King's the long walk. It was the same thing that was done in Logan's run
Heck if you want to go all the way back to ancient Greek mythology
Wasn't the Minotaur maze the same thing like they would offer up kids to go in the Minotaur maze the miniatures of you know
I mean that was I mean it goes way way back
So it's not like like I hate to break it to you guys battle royale wasn't necessarily totally original either
I'm just a little offended that you would read the book for the Hunger Games, but you didn't read battle royale
I did try to read battle royale, but it was kind of boring
It was good, but I was telling a friend. This is that if I'm not in the exact right mood when I'm reading a book
then I'm gonna a
Squirrel do something else like my ADD so bad. So I'll try to read battle royale. That's because you can't read
I will that's because you weren't reading ready player one
Maybe that maybe that
So but I liked um, of course, I liked battle royale. I'm not dogging on battle royale
I'm not dogging on battle royale. It's a fine movie and hell many years ago on this show
We used to talk about you know, didn't we start off one show with a paper plate battle royale one night?
I seem to remember it was really funny and stupid and you know what I have to say about the movie and it being you
Know brought over here in the US the US soundtrack is far superior than the Japanese soundtrack for that movie really
Yes, it is
far superior interesting. All right, I
I
See what you did there
So I'm trying to think what else is going on my week because dark soccer is not in the room right now
And I want to wait for her to get back so we can do the news. I
Don't know I've been very kind of much a homebody I
Didn't get a new job this week. I've been at the same job for ten years, but I like my jobs. It's okay. So I
I we went to the movies just say that we went out to Chinese food, which was good
This is great radio in that. Yeah
Do you think maybe I should do a break song and then we'll come back and we'll talk about what's going on in the news
this week, uh
Yeah, sure. All right, we're gonna do a quick break. We're gonna come back and we'll talk about what is in the news this week
There's a lot of stuff. So stay tuned guys. We'll be right back on more of orange launch radio
Oh
Oh
Hi
We're back dark soccer is all better. She's back joining us
Instinct up the bathroom. Did you know?
Good if you must know I had to pee. Thank you. Ah, la la la la TMI
alright, so news there's lots and lots of Omani news going on this week because
Konami had a surprise key Sanyara event, which surprise we weren't invited to what a shock
You think we're covering bimani this long that you know, we'd be the top of the list but no no no
No, we're award-winning bimani podcast. I know they needed the seats for g4. So what can you do?
Anyhow, so there was lots of news to come out of the event
This is this is crazy to me, but there is a brand new dancing stage game announced
Which as you know is the name for it over in Europe?
But they've also used this in Japan before for artists exclusive games and they're going back to that
Like what was the last dancing stage game? We had dancing stage featuring dreams come true
Yeah, was it I couldn't remember if dreams come true or true kiss destination one of them
It was back in like 99 or 2000 what which for the record? I found my copy of that Wow
Well, you can get it out to celebrate because they've announced dancing stage featuring Lady Gaga is coming
Awesome. I know right? Yeah, it's the first artist exclusive game since dancing stage
the older ones dreams come true and true kiss destination
Lady Gaga songs, of course, they have to be in every single music game ever released, of course, right?
So it just made sense that she's gonna get her own
Dancing stage game now
We don't know all the songs that are gonna be in it
But we do know bad romances in it because that was the song that they demoed in the trailer which makes sense
Do you think bad romance would be a tough DDR song?
Do you think that'll be like a seven or an eight or a nine or what? I put it in seven
Yeah, I could see I could see them doing like some runs or the I lots of I remember correctly
I believe the true kiss destination and the dreams come true stuff. Those songs weren't that hard
I think it was like six and sevens were the highest because it's more of the casual
Casual DDR player kind of that they're targeting there
So you think you think that the Lady Gaga audition is gonna be dumbed down a little bit
I think yeah, it's not gonna be you're not gonna have like, you know paranoia level stuff in there
It's just gonna be kind of you know, sixes and sevens, you know more stuff
That's fun to dance to and less of more of it less of a challenge
I guess unless I did a paranoia remix club para gaga
They're not gonna do that. I I'm so on the board with this idea para gaga
They're not gonna do something like that or how that better game para para gaga
Maybe maybe if this one does very well now
What's weird is that they haven't talked about any home releases for this. So this is like an arcade exclusive thing
But that's usually how it works. You know, they'll have a home release later on
They'll just dump it into the engine of like a dance dance, you know revolution game or something like that
Yeah, that makes sense
No
This is really weird because I get did the other
Dancing stage games have like a couple songs from other artists like a couple of Konami originals in it
I don't remember because I found this really weird. There is actually a Katy Perry song in this game to
California girls is apparently gonna be playable in this game. It's in the press release, but it's only available in basic mode
Really strange. Yes, something about Katy Perry is only basic. So yeah only available in basic
So I go figure I guess, you know
Be a very casual relaxed on but I could definitely see some freestyle to that
I could definitely see Wendell busting out a California girl
Perhaps they're going even so far as to like say, you know
How they did with kind of some of the other mixes where they'll have a preview of the following mix
Maybe they're they're previewing the Katy Perry version or maybe getting the reception for the Katy Perry version before
They actually come out and put out full release for it. That makes sense. If people hate that then that's right
It's like oh, whoa, whoa, stop if they go like this this chick is too basic. Then they will reject the Katy Perry mix
Yeah, that could possibly come out later
So on a scale of one to ten, how important is the dancing stage featuring Lady Gaga news?
That's a seven. I
Just don't care
Really? I mean, well, hey more more dancing stage DVR mixes are a good thing, I guess so I'll give it a five
I'll give it an 11 because there's nothing in the world. I love more than DDR and Lady Gaga. So there you go
No, what if it was RuPaul's?
Dancing stage featuring RuPaul's Drag Race dancing stage featuring Abba I would so you're right that would that would be a 12 if it was
Dancin say that you would get a ps3 when an Abba game came out and sure enough sing star Abba came out and guess what?
I got did you ever pick up that?
The Abba you can dance. Yes, I did
That was the best thing I've ever seen in my entire life if we were hooked up to do it
I would play it live on air tonight, but sadly we're not oh darn darn
Yeah, what a bummer. That was seriously the happiest moment of my life
What watching me play that watching you do the ballet style stuff for?
The winner takes it all. Mm-hmm. That was the best thing I've ever seen. All right, well
Let's move on to the other big piece of news
from the Konami key scenario event that had to do with the money and
This kind of was a surprise because you guys know we've been saying this on the show for years this
Series was really underrated and a lot of people gave this series a lot of shit
And it was actually really good if you play it
Yeah
so the game that is
Announced rock revolution 2 has been announced. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you're talking about good series rock revolution 2
was announced for consoles and arcade
So there I guess it's kind of like well, I mean if it's arcades and they're probably just renaming
You know guitar freaks germania probably I think they're trying to americanize it a little bit or maybe they ran out of mixed numbers
Could be the what they didn't know and this is Konami. I don't think they'll ever run out of mixed numbers
But this is this is interesting
Konami is actually thinking outside of the box and doing something a little different here rock revolution to the console versions
Will link up to the arcades using Konami's transferring
So you're actually going to be able to take your unlocks your characters and whatever settings you have in the home version
You can take those and transfer them into the arcade
It's got neat. Yeah
Now I'm wondering if like, you know, cuz one thing that you know
You used to be able to do was the whole edits and you could you know, save your edits down to a memory card
But you never really were able to do that in guitar freaks to draw mania
So maybe maybe this is gonna be like some type of like jam session and you could transfer that into the arcade
Could I play it could would this allow me to play guar in the arcade? Yes or no?
I don't know. Maybe it would probably be something more like
You know, you could take your
Ranked like say you score something like a high score on a song and you can take that to the arcade and take it home
And that way it's still linked to your you know, Konami profile or whatever
I
Don't know as long as they improve the drum controller for the home version because that was terrible
But I understand why they're doing something like this
I mean if you think about it, there's not really new guitar games coming out aside from you know
Some of the ones actually use real guitars. There's not any plastic instrument games anymore
There's a lot of plastic instruments that people have that are just collecting dust
It's time to you know dust those things off and actually play another music game dark soccer. You're awfully quiet
Does the prospect of a rock revolution to excite you?
Not really why I didn't play the rock revolution one. I
Was busy. Maybe it's time to catch up. I've been too busy with para para lately
so anything new right now is just sort of like
But but I want to wave my arms and wear pink and you know
platform boots and who doesn't
You know, I think I think that if they if they keep up with like I like the transferring element to it
That can make it exciting. Mm-hmm, but I still would have to wait for judging the final
Right
All we have are these fluffy press releases and things
So I don't really want to get excited until I see something. Mm-hmm now some folks in our chat room
Which by the way, I still have not plugged the chat room. It is we are no longer on Cali Bamani calm
So don't go there. You want to go to chat that orange on traded calm that changed recently. We're not on Cali Bamani
It's chat that orange on traded calm
So check that out and Tiger class says will rock revolution to have connect support on the 360
maybe
It's it's certainly possible. Anything's possible. I
Could see it. I mean, you know economy's done some connect enabled games recently. So why not? Why not exactly now?
I was curious what harmonix was gonna do in response to this and it looks like harmonix is cutting them off
Did you notice did you harmonix release this today? Did you guys see this? This is pretty amazing product not yet rated
It's Rock Band Board Game
That's
Right Rock Band Board Game is the newest game from harmonix musical system
Featuring all the fun and authenticity of Rock Band without the hassle of big bulky instruments
See that that seems like a dig a little bit at Konami like the whole like you don't need instruments for this
That's dig and board game who who would have thought Konami?
Advancing technology with trans faring and all this stuff harmonix scaling back. I really don't understand the direction. They're trying to go there
It's I did the whole separation from MTV games. I was worried about that when they announced that but this this is interesting
It's an interesting tactic. They're going after the pen and paper crowd
It is an untapped market. That's true. I mean, you know once this happens what's to say? We can't get you know, Rock Band the RPG
That's very true. You know, actually let me let me did you see the dice?
Rock Band Board Game has a larger song library than any other rhythm action board game
Yeah, set this challenge drop three red song cards
Say it ain't so. Tubular. Say it ain't so. Again. Okay. Say it ain't so.
And what do I do notice say it ain't so I end up playing that an awful lot in Rock Band
That is that is hopefully they'll put out a patch to just you know, it's not that I hate that song
I'm like really maybe you should pick another song. Yeah, I think you've played this enough. Yeah, exactly
The Rock Band features you've come to love the party will never stop rocking features like character creator
See now this that is a direct attack on the pen and paper market. Look at that
They have a calibration character sheets and they're making their own characters
So it's kind of like, you know
You are only so limited to what you could do on the console versions like there are only so many hats
Yeah, but now you can draw your own damn hat exactly. It's amazing and give it its own stats and everything
It was very interesting watching the different directions these two companies go in
so
So Rock Revolution 2 how amazing is this news on a scale of 1 to 10 Loki?
It all depends on how good it is. I mean cuz
It could be very terrible or it could be very good. I don't know. I'm not ready to radiate yet
All right, fair enough dark Sakura. I'm just gonna say a 6 for my excitement level. I'll wait and see
I'm gonna give it a 9 because I'm just excited that Rock Revolution is coming back
I'm very excited this whole thing sounds like it's gonna be amazing and push technology forward. All right one more story
We've got to cover tonight. This did not come out of the event. But oh my god
It was like timed at the exact same time or so. It's crazy. I couldn't say anything about it either
I know what is up with that? You're supposed to be like our inside scoop to this. I had an NDA. I'm sorry. Yeah, fuck
Yo, NDA and I wanted to go to Las Vegas again. All right. All right, here's the here it is you guys
DDR freak extreme has been announced. That's right a press release j-dog the owner of DDR freak calm
of course put out a press release this week that simply said we are starting over and
They are gonna relaunch DDR freak. It's gonna be DDR freak extreme
Calm there will be an upgraded machine locations database that will have Google Maps integration with it
Which I think is that's smart, right and everything's on Google Maps now
And they're gonna have brand new forums because you're the forums were starting to get be a little bit of a problem
Right dark soccer you were moderate. Yeah, so they're gonna do brand new forums and what they're doing. They're actually gonna let
Random topics have their own sub forums. So the wolf game is now gonna have its own sub forum and
And pornography posts will have its own sub forum. Yeah, there's actually a code written into the PHP BB
Yes, that's gonna allow any of those
External sites that like to traffic through forums that they all just go directly there. Oh, that's very own forum
You know because when I think where am I gonna go to get porno links?
DDR free and it's also for the goat's-a-pix and the bukkake and everything. That's great lemon party
Well, there would be like a sub sub forum. I mean, I'm sure there will do girls one cup reaction
But we have to have a moderator for that with a very strong stomach. I see
Well, you know, how did you audition people for that who ended up getting that?
Some guy with these initials RJ
He's apparently some overweight old actor
Figure yeah, I don't know. I mean he sent a picture dudes got
anyway
So anyway, so you're welcome to have it Ron
All right, awesome
So but um, the other thing that is actually gonna be that I finally got the okay to talk about wait
Is this like an exclusive?
It could be an exclusive is DDR freak radio gonna get pissed off because that might be a little weird because you know
There's the two radio stations. Well
There was a little talk about they wanted to acquire us what?
So like we're gonna be the official radio state. What's gonna happen to DDR freak radio? Well, it's gone
They had to start over remember. Oh, okay. I get it. Yeah, so
Well, I
Guess so, but I mean, but all games radios treated us so well over the years
Well, no, they what it is would be like a partnership where they want us to be the official podcaster for DDR news
Okay. Yeah, so with that
So that could work heck. Yeah, so DDR freak extreme. Are you excited to post there again? Loki?
Hell, yeah, I'd be awesome. Yeah
Good idea to get the community back together exactly. There's the other thing too. That is kind of hush-hush. Okay?
Oh, I love it CD our flash. What's this that works with the USB dance pad?
Huh?
So like integrated into the site. Yeah. Oh, can you do like your own music and stuff that I don't know yet
They're still working on licensing. I see. You can actually browse the forums using the dance pad. Ah, it's cool
I like that idea. I like that idea
Especially especially if you're looking at the porn forums, but they've actually um, very you've actually done a Kinect hack
As well so that you can navigate the site with your Kinect controller
There was the 1.5 release of Kinect on PC and have full integration
Very cool. Yeah, so
DDR freak extreme let's go around and rate the
Importance of that news on a scale of 1 to 10 a dark Sakura totally a 10 DDR freak was the best time
I ever had biased biased
Loki, uh
Eight we always need more places for porn links. That's true. That's true
I would normally give it an 8 but the porn forum 9 it's just it's very important. So maybe
Well, and you the other thing too, is it for people who are offended?
They just don't have to click on it. That's right. Don't click it. It's the best thing ever
And they oh, oh, I have to tell you about the other form. They got at it. What a little cat form
All little cats how nice that they've evolved with the rest of the internet. I know that's great. Okay. Yeah
I have to shut my mouth before I let out the whole
Grid thing. Well the users that were banned last time still be banned. We're gonna make them their own forum. Oh
Oh, like the troll grounds or something. We're gonna call it hall of the band. Hmm. I like that. It's a catchy name
Alright, well don't go anywhere guys. We have plenty more show to come
We have the cage match is coming up in just a little bit F use of the week and we might
Just have to play match game. Yay
All right, so we'll be back after this with more of orange lounge radio after a quick break
Oh
Oh
Oh
All right, one two three
Okay, so obviously everything we just did was bullshit
Actually, well the stuff we did this week. That was all true, right?
Except for the para para
Finding my copy of dreams come true because mine was a burn
All the stories we talked about sadly were fake. I mean really the Konami keys in your event, please
So we made all that shit up and DER freak is people outside, California
Don't know what those are some folks in chat generally got excited that DDR freak was coming back
Sorry
Don't be mad. Don't sue us. I'm thoroughly glad I don't have to moderate
anymore
Because um, you know what? I actually have to tell you about a realization that I had. Hmm. What's that?
I went back and read on one site
The graffiti that they found on the walls in Pompeii. Mm-hmm, and it made me think of the same shit
I would see on DDR freak which proves to me that in the last however many thousand years humanity has not grown at all. So
Trolls even back in the olden days. No, there was there was one post that said so and so
like
Did some girl in the ass here and
Ran away with her and ran away with her brother. How naughty
Alright, so anyway, um, yeah everything we just did was bull
But we thought it would be fun for our especially because it's the tenth year of olr and April Fool's happens to be on a Sunday
And look, we're never gonna top the giggling lesbian gaming show that we did in 2006, which will always be the best prank we ever did
We thought we'd do that for our little April Fool's gag. So there you go
Anyhow, let's get back into the real show because there's been a lot of stuff going on in the gaming world this week that we want
to touch on big big news
Rumor news that I think Loki said might take the whole damn show tonight. So we're gonna talk about that a little bit as well
First though the real version of what we do at the top of the show
How was your gaming week talking about the video games? We've played this week dark soccer
You want to start us off with video games? You've been playing this week
I looked at that copy of Mass Effect and then Dan and I talked about it and then I got too busy to play
Because I was busy getting a job shame on you
Busy getting a job fine. I guess a job will be an acceptable. Excuse me. I did play
Well, of course you did. Of course I did because you have an addiction. Uh-huh dealer
Loki how was your gaming week? My game week was alright. I didn't play a whole lot of play Call of Duty. Yeah, I know
And then I also played
What was it the
a
saxophone game I
posted it's a
God I can't remember now
Anyways, so little internet game was kind of fun
Is it sax maniacs it was epic sax game
All right, based off of the epic sax guy from oh
Oh, yeah, it's hilarious because it's actually use it little music rhythm game and you have to learn how to play that little
Bit of music there and then you keep playing it over and over again
There's a lot of songs out there that have epic sax solos in them so hot sax all night long
Well, this is specifically the epic sax guy. All right
Specifically you've ever seen the original that that came from the original song
No, the original video that the SNL got the idea from it's not SNL
I don't think where the guy bust through the window and the curse
I'm talking about I'm talking about it's
It's a epic sax guy from
What the hell was it? I can't remember the group now. I haven't looked at it's all good
Eurovision, it was part of this Eurovision thing the
Was that that big competition? That's like American Idol or whatever. Yeah, sort of in manova is oh
I know what you're talking about. Never mind a note
You're talking about the guy wearing, you know
The blue pants and the red gloves kind of looks like Duke Nukem hip thrusting to his epic sax solo and hot
It's awesome song
All right. So that it for your gaming week. That is all I play this week
My gaming week was kind of quick to not a whole lot to talk about I got into the mr
Pandaria beta so I was playing that a little bit
But if you're not in there, don't be sad because it's just a giant cluster fuck
It's a big panda orgy in the starting zones. They kind of need more beta servers
But at the same time it's just a beta like people I think often think oh when you're in the mr
Pandaria beta you're getting the real game, but you're not it's a beta
So been playing that a little little bit otherwise on the consoles
I'm still plucking away at Mass Effect 2. I think I'm about halfway through the game from what Shane tells me
I've you know picked up some of my partners and now I've got a few more I did some events on a planet and it
Unlocks some more dossiers for those of you that play the game. You can kind of tell where I'm at
Still love in the Mass Effect series
The battle system has gotten a little better for me because you might remember last week on the show
I was bitching about the battles in Mass Effect 2 compared to one but I'm liking it a little more now that I have more
Abilities I really like that you can kind of take an ability from one of your loyal
Companions because I have some of the DLC companions
I have Zaid and Kasumi who are some DLC companions
And I really like that I could take because I don't like Zaid as a character
I don't want him in my party ever but that flash or that grenade inferno grenade. He has is awesome
So I took that ability from him. So I've been using that
But Mass Effect 2 still awesome
Uh, that's really about it. I play. Oh, no one other game. I've got to talk about this is important
I haven't played this a lot, but I played it a little bit. So I'll talk about it a little bit. Ah
Kid Icarus uprising I played some of that actually I got on the 3ds. Yeah, what'd you think? It's cool
Yeah, the 3d actually works. Yeah, the 3d is great. It's a gorgeous game. I was really
Into the way that it's set up like Super Smash Brothers to like the menus and everything will just like Super Smash Brothers
I like the customizing your weapons the thing. Yeah, I mean there's so many little I mean you can tell it's designed
I mean, hello. I'm not stupid
I know it's the same people that did Smash Brothers that did this but
It has all those same minigames like for Smash Brothers like, you know
The machine where you put in coins and you can get like an egg, you know
That has something special in it power up the grid of unlocks
I mean, there's tons and tons and tons of stuff in the game
and
I love the air stages in the game. It is so awesome
Here yes, it's beautiful to look at too and I love it when it's on rails and all this
then it gets to the ground stages and it's not that I dislike the ground stages, but
That's where and I think you know any of you that have been reading reviews about the game
the controls are
Not good for the ground stages because you I mean just the way you have to hold the controller
You have to move with the little circle pad you shoot with the L button and then you flick on the bottom pad
Left and right real quick to spin your character left and right and you use it to move your Targeter
So it's kind of a lot going on with that touchscreen
You have to hold it very awkward and yes Kid Icarus comes with that stand
But that kind of defeats the purpose of having a portable gaming system. We have to kind of like use that stand so
The controls disappoint me a little bit
but otherwise it's it's really a shame that something like that really screws the game in the way that it does because I
Love the storytelling and the videos and tutorial videos and all that in it because they break the fourth wall
Constantly constantly and all these in jokes like the game was made for people that remember the old Kid Icarus and constantly
They're like you know
Oh
it's been 25 years since we last saw Medusa and then it'll show like it says here's a picture of Medusa and it changes to
That hideous looking thing from the eight big Kid Icarus and somebody writes Medusa in an arrow
And it points at it like all these really dumb things and you know kind of some of those
adult level jokes that kids wouldn't get but adults do and a lot of that is
really funny
Going to our chat room at chat orange lounge radio.com
Game girl says is it worth it was thinking of getting Kid Icarus uprising. It really depends on
How how tied you are to this series and all that, you know, I paid 30 bucks for it
Which I think is a fair price. I got I think Best Buy had a discount so Amazon price matched it
So I got it for that price. Um
40 might be a little steep depending on you know, I wish there was a mode and maybe there will be one at the end
where you could just play the sky stages because the sky stages are where this game is the best because you don't have to
worry about turning pit and you just use the thing to move them and you use the
touchpad to move the targeting and the game is fantastic and it's at its best in those stages and the 3d looks great
But otherwise the ground stages kind of take away from the rest of the game for me
But I still think it's a solid 3ds game. I think it's definitely worth
Hopefully they'll put out a demo or something so you can kind of evaluate if it's for you
I want it to do well because I like the idea of the Kid Icarus series coming back
But I'm not gonna sit here and say the game is flawless when it's not
It's bad they couldn't patch it they use the circle pad Pro as you know, well you actually can
If you're a lefty because the lefty controls are using the circle pad Pro and then using your left hand for the stylus
I understand that but I meant like, you know the second analog instead of the touchpad. Mm-hmm
Well, I want to say there was customizable controls in there, too
So maybe there's a way you can kind of fix it and maybe kind of do that
But I can't see the problem is if you did that Loki then you'd have nothing to use to target
You'd have to move and then pick up your stylus and target and it would be kind of disjointed
You do you still write analog to target?
Mmm, yeah, but then how would you turn your screen you still have to use your stylus to turn the screen that's stupid
Yeah, so that that exact person shooters don't have that problem. Why why does this have to be an issue with?
You know this game. Yes. It's a little little little rough there
Pork chop and chat says I've never played Kid Icarus ever but uprising looks awesome
Let me talk about this real quick because it's a pre-order bonus
I got the Kid Icarus 3d classics, which is the 3d version of the regular game and it's actually really good
Like even though it's just the regular Kid Icarus
they put these backgrounds in every level where the 3d is not just the back like the the backgrounds themselves are kind of 3d and
I think the game is based off the disk system version and not the cartridge because there's load and save files
Which only existed in the disk version and I want to say the sound effects were slightly different
Which I remember the disk system had a different sound chip than the NES did
So some of the games had slightly different sound effects. So that was kind of cool. You should hear the music in the
Disk version of Castlevania 3. Yeah, I always hear the Castlevania 3. He's got a good little but yeah
Kid Icarus actually had a really good music on the disk one. Hmm and the sound
Shane in our chat room says Kid Icarus used to be worse for the 3ds at e3 the ground stages were timed and you had
To get through checkpoints. So they at least fix that. Oh, thank god, that would have been that would have been really bad
I'm glad they changed that that sounds terrible
But anyway, the 3d classic is actually really good and I wish
Every game got this kind
I wish they would do this for every virtual console game because it's not that much that they did
You know, they added backgrounds and they kind of the 3d is done tastefully. I think that's the best way I can put it
It's not like you've got one sprite layer here and then your background layer. It's not it's more than that
There's multi level of 3d and I think it the effects are really good and it kind of it
You know what?
It feels like to me is it feels like remember how everybody was talking about way back in the day
Kid Icarus on the Super Nintendo and a re-release of Kid Icarus on the Super Nintendo
And there are all these rumors and probably April Fool's Day jokes in the past
this feels to me like
What Kid Icarus would have been on the Super Nintendo and it's not necessarily that they like upgraded the sprites and all that
but just the way it looks and it's really crisp and
Makes it look like a Super Nintendo version of Kid Icarus
So I was I was a fan of the 3d release quite a bit. So I'm really looking forward to seeing what else
Oh
God, what's the name of the developer that did the 3ds versions called?
It's like it's not Akira, but Acura or something like that did all the
I'm looking on my 3ds right now
Arika
Did the 3d and they've done some good they did the excite bike one as well
Which I wasn't quite as big of a fan of but they did the Kirby one, which is really good, too
So I'm looking forward to seeing what Arika does next because they're kind of starting to get this down
This whole translating the old games into new stuff. So
Alpha kenanagram in our chat room with the tip says just an fYI
To people that do have any 3d classic games on 3ds and didn't notice you can go into options and increase the 3d density
Setting even more if it's not strong enough on max if setting is untouched. Yes, that's true
Not just the 3d density on the slider
But there's a 3d density within the game that you can adjust which I think is a good idea. So
There you go. That was a good idea
So there you go. That was my gaming week. I've talked plenty about that
So let's move on then quick housekeeping visit us on twitter twitter.com slash olr our facebook facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
Quickly go answer the frugal question of the week before we get to that a little later here in the show if you're listening live
And of course if you are listening live
Since we didn't get to say it at the top of the show because of our little joke tonight a big thank you as always
To all games radio where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
Although not tonight Bobby's on a little break. He'll be back on the 15th
Let's get into some gaming news. Loki
Alright, so there's a big old
big old fun rumor
regarding
The next PlayStation system apparently there is sources that contacted Kotaku or
kotaku
Contacted anyways, they figured out that the working title or possible
name for the system is Orbis and
That it's being planned for release
Sometime next holiday. So 2013 holiday isn't Orbis a travel website. No, that's orbit
Isn't Orbis a drink that has these little gummy things in it. That's it was disgusting. That's that was orbits. Oh
My god, it's like you were drowning herpes
Now the name for the actual console is legit because you can pull up the dev website for PlayStation and you know
Typing in Orbis or like, you know slash Orbis or whatever pulls up the actual dev site
It's just it you don't get a 404 from it
So they have it built in place, but they just don't have anything there yet kind of like with the Vita
You know when you would you type that in and it would get a page
Yeah, Orbis SC done. That's on Sony site. Yes, Orbis SC dev.net their dev site
The name is the name is real. It's a real name or it's a
Okay. Yeah
So that's real at least now some of the specs though
they're saying right now that they're planning on it's using an AMD x64 CPU also an AMD Southern Islands GPU and
you know what they're saying right now is that supposed to be able to push a 4k HD, which is
Way more than most TVs can use although newer TVs do support it. It's a four
4096 by
760 it's a resolution far, you know exceeding most HD TVs and
Then also they're saying that's capable of playing 3d games in 1080p
Whereas you know the ps3 can only do that at 720
Also, I just want to say so far I can believe it that they're pushing the technical limits because if you think about it when
PlayStation 3 came out not everybody had adopted blu-ray yet or even HD TVs and
That was the technology they went with so I could kind of see that. Here's the problem though
I have well, I'll cover what my issues are with the news in a sec
Also, they're saying you right now that select developers have dev kits already which makes sense
I mean, come on if it's a year out, obviously, they're gonna be working on games already
No backwards compatibility whatsoever with any ps3 games
Also ps2 games it would be assumed that you know, that stuff would be coming
Via emulators on you know, the PlayStation Network since they have that right now with ps2 and PlayStation 1 games
So why would the dev kits be backwards compatible? Anyway, no, they're talking about the final product not the dev kids, right?
But how would the I mean if this is being leaked from a dev which is what I'm assuming because the dev websites out there
And everything if this is being leaked from a developer then why would their kits have the backwards compatibility?
They wouldn't have that but the thing is those they're telling them what the final specs are what their their specs are
estimated and it makes sense that they would cut out backwards compatibility because one you can still push PlayStation threes and
Two they want to sell those games, you know digitally because they can make money off that and they also don't have to put
Putting the PlayStation 2 chips in there
That wasn't too expensive because it was a couple chips putting PlayStation 3 chips in there. That's a little different
I mean, that's a whole nother console slapped into your you know system there
And emulating the PlayStation 3 I can't imagine would be
Easy at all then the final doozy, of course much like the Durango or the next Xbox ism
the lube if you will the
Rumor is that you will not be able to play used games on the system. What's gonna end up happening?
Is they're saying that this the games will be available on blu-ray disc or as a PlayStation Network download much like I guess
What the Vita is right now?
Obviously not on blu-ray disc
You will be able if you buy the disc it will be locked to a single PlayStation Network account
After which you can play the game
And save the whole thing to your hard drive or peg it as a download in your account history and download it for free
At a later date, however, much like PC games, you know, it's gonna be tied to your system. So
you know you're gonna need to
Well first off they're saying that you're in need to have a PlayStation Network account and be online
To even get the game started
And then on top of that they're saying that if you decide to trade in your disc or you know
Learn to a friend or sell it or whatever
That the next person that gets it is gonna have basically kind of a limited version of the game
either gonna be like a demo form or some sort of you know hindered version kind of think of like I
guess the online passes or something like that, but who knows to what extent and
They're gonna have to pay a fee to unlock or register the full game
so
So there's that
So I guess we can talk about that first. We talk about that. Let's talk about that. Okay, so let me
There's a few problems I have with the specs. Okay, first off. Let's talk about the
4k resolution that sounds good and all until you actually look up with 4k
Resolutions over HDMI are actually capable of 24 frames a second. That's it
So if you're looking for like 60 FPS games, you're not gonna get that on this
Also when you think about that, that's only compatible with HDMI
I think 1.4 which most TVs do not have so I mean
I would assume that there's gonna be some backwards compatibility with like 1080p and stuff like that
But let's just assume that maybe there's not okay and say they're gonna be assholes about it
Then you're gonna need to buy a new TV new sound system new cables just to get this fucking thing to work
and
Then on top of that, like I said 24 frames a second is not very I mean that's a video video
That's fine. Like watching the movie and stuff, but playing a game. I think you'd want higher
FPS for that
That's least I would think so
And then on top of that, I mean, let's see
They're talking about digital downloads for games now that works
Okay for like Vita games that are you know a couple gigs, but we're talking fucking PlayStation 4 games
I mean which are gonna be pushing these 4k graphics with textures that are fucking huge
You're talking like I mean PlayStation 3 games right now are upwards to I'd say
I mean, it's possible that they're up to 50 gigabytes on a dual layer blu-ray disc
50 gigabytes most of them don't take up 50 gigs
It's most of them are route like, you know, 10 to 20 something gigs
But still that's a fucking long time to download the game off of the internet
Plus we're talking the all these companies talking about bandwidth caps and stuff like that. You're gonna eat up your bandwidth in
No time and they want you completely connected to the internet, you know for some sort of back-ass words, you know
Anti piracy bullshit. So on top of that we're you know
We don't even need to cover why that's a bad idea because look at you know with the whole Ubisoft always on DRM bullshit
You know if their network goes down, you know PlayStation ever goes down for a day or so
Bye. Bye can't play your game system
You know for that whole day our service people overseas would not be able to relax with a PlayStation Orbis because they won't be able
To connect to the internet exactly
So I think a lot of this stuff is just kind of bullshit and and honestly they'll use game thing
I can see them still continuing on with the online passes, but I
Do not see them. I I just first off GameStop is not gonna let him do this. I mean cuz you think that
Didn't that one analyst who we always kind of tease on? Yes, Michael Patrick, but he made a good point
He said GameStop is not gonna sell these consoles
Yeah, it's basically if they're if we'll get into why that they wouldn't carry these consoles
Okay, so basically if you're you know offering a system that has no use games whatsoever
It's impossible to sell it be basically like a demo disc or something. Let's just say worst case scenario
It just you can't play anything other than a small demo on this
You know, first of all, I think that's gonna be huge
Huge huge incentive for hackers to try to fix that cuz they're gonna like oh, wait a second, you know
It's your fucking this can do whatever we want. Plus tying it to one accounts also kind of lame
But you know at the same time it's just like why
The first if they're not gonna have any use game sales or whatever
Then they're not gonna carry it in their store much like they did carry a little bit of the PSP go
Because you know some people might have wanted it but that offered really no sales for them because other than PlayStation Network cards
This is all digital. So I just don't see them doing that. But let's talk a little bit real quick
Why are you trying to say that GameStop had a hand in that? Why the PSP go failed?
No, that just it was stupid PSP go was dumb
There's a system of digital only that was priced higher than the current model out already. Why would you buy it?
Let me read some quick comments in our chat room at chat dot orange launch radio comm gamer girl says I have a feeling the ps4
Is gonna tank technus says I doubt the game will run at 4k maybe for full motion videos
But the games will probably run at 1080p at 60 frames per second. Well, yeah, remember last remember
I mean a lot of these specs could be really overblown remember back when they were talking the specs of ps3 how they're saying
Oh 1080p and 120 frames per second for all games. Yeah
And no 1080p for all games and 120 frames per second
We're just gonna go crazy with you know, that's up and that never fucking happened
I mean whatever it and it's very possible that you know
This stuff could be patched in later on because remember the original well
The Xbox 360 didn't always used to have 1080p
It was 1080 I was and then it got patched in later on so they could add it later on
It's that's possible. So it on this used game thing. Is it possible that we're
Misinterpreting a system similar to what the Vita has to prevent trophy exploitation
No possible that it's tied to an account, but you can easily remove it. I
I don't think it's like that. I think it's just because
Well, I don't know. I'm just going off what they say
Speculation but you know because they said it's just limited so and you maybe it is where you can remove it off of your system
When you're done with it, and then it becomes, you know free to use for somebody else
I would hope that that would be kind of like what it is. I I have to express big
Reservations about this and the next Xbox whatever it is if the rumors are true about that as well that
Microsoft and Sony have joined together for some sort of dark pact where both these systems are not play used games
Well, let me let me cover real quick. Okay. So first off and I got a
This is Dennis dynek and now not a lot of you may be familiar with Dennis dyack
But he's the head of developments to use at Silicon Knights, you know, Silicon Knights the company put at to human
to human
Tank, right? Okay. So this guy, you know, he is making some comments regarding used game sales
I saw because there are no used
Basically saying, you know, the the day has come and gone where you know used games should be allowed basically
You know because they're you know, he's talking about world without used games
You know and this is new consoles because there are no used games
You could actually sell a game for a long time and get reoccurring revenue for quite a while
Reoccurring revenue is very key now. There is no tail
Literally, you will get most of your sales within the three months of launch which have created this really healthy
Or literally you get most of your sales within three months of launch, which has created this really unhealthy extreme
Where you have to sell it really fast, and then you could then you have to do anything else to get money
And then also says I would argue and I've said this before that used games are cannibalizing the industry if developers and publishers
Don't see revenue from that. It's no matter
Of hey, we're trying to increase the price of games to consumers and we want more
We're just trying to survive in an industry if used games continue the way they are. It's going to cannibalize
um
There's not gonna be an industry
People won't make these kind of games
Basically saying the really high price games
So I think it's inflated the prices of games and I think the prices will have to come down if there's a longer tail
But there isn't okay. So
First off this guy's so full of bullshit me. I mean really he has nothing to go off because his games suck
It wasn't because of used games. It was because your games suck that it didn't sell but
Besides that he doesn't understand how the fucking industry works and sad
Considering a guy that is in the industry doesn't understand how it works
If you get rid of used games, you're gonna get rid of the game specialty market
Which is basically your game stops any game specific store retailers that deal in multiple things like you know
Like a Best Buy or something like that a department store that can you know carries everything?
They're not necessarily gonna be affected by that because well first off
they don't really deal and use to begin with but
They use game market
There is not a lot of margin in games new game margins are about 20% and that's from you know
The cost from the publisher itself and now well 20% may sound like a lot to everybody. They're like, well shit, you know
That's quite a markup. It's actually not in other retail markets. The market is a lot more and
Really?
They can't make you can't run a business with a 20% margin you because you're also have to pay your employees
you're renting till these and all that stuff and
It there's a lot of factors that go into it
So they make up their money by used games trade-ins and sales
Well, the trade-ins obviously are also gonna drive new game sales because you're getting people that you know
take their 2012 copy of Tiger Woods and they trade in for their 2013 copy of Tiger Woods and
You turn around and you sell the Tiger Woods or whatever game it is at, you know, an increased margin
basically, you're buying it for 20 and you're selling it for 40 and so instead of a you know,
20% margin you have like a hundred percent margin now. It's a lot healthier for these companies and now yes
I understand the game stop makes a lot of money in use but you know what?
That's how they run their business and that's how any game store is gonna run their business. They can't make
They can't survive on just new games. I
I think
Honestly, if if they're the dark pact is true and these companies are gonna move towards used games
And I think one of two things is happening aim. They just get their handing Nintendo the crown watch
Watch when those soccer moms go to the store in 2013
What system are they gonna pick up the system that they don't really have the TVs to run anyway?
And the systems where they won't be able to get used games or or that the retailer might tell them you can't play
Used games on this you can't rent and rent games of this system or they're gonna get a Wii U
They're gonna get a Wii U wake up call. Well, there's that's the same reason the Nintendo Wii succeeded the first time
There's and then well, there's a lot of people
Let me finish because if if the Wii U somehow did this too, we don't know
Nintendo could be a part of this dark pact. We don't know the final specs of the Wii U
Let's hypothesize and yes, this is being a little tinfoil Hattie, but let's hypothesize that all three game companies are taking a stand against used games
I call video game market crash of 83 all over again. It will be that serious. The video game market will crash
Absolutely will crash and they've been wondering how long is it gonna take for it to crash again?
This type of greed is going to cause it. Absolutely. I I think actually I don't think it's gonna crash
What why would I buy the system Loki but I but that's the thing though it here
Here's what I think is gonna happen is it's not necessarily gonna crash. It's just they won't buy those new systems
No one's gonna buy the new systems and then what's gonna happen?
well
there's still tons of there's still plenty of people out there with you know, the Xbox 360s and the PlayStation threes and
stuff like that, so
That's still a crash because Nintendo and Sony and Microsoft would lose so much money from putting those consoles
Well, I hope it's a big wake-up call then if that's the case and I mean at first I'm sorry
It's really just not only the used games too. I mean the fact that you know
What are these consoles really have to offer? I mean, yeah, okay
It's the technical edge, but a lot of us don't even have that technology yet
I myself did not buy a PlayStation 3 until they were already out for like two years. I just I
Really worry. I mean granted I have to take this all with a big-ass grain of salt because this is all rumors
All of it all of its rumors until it's on the show 43, right?
So maybe we're just getting a little bit carried away with the hysterics, but I hope to hell
These game companies are looking at the reaction on what they're seeing on the reddit
You know forums and and you know various internets and podcasts and so forth
We don't want this. You can't have your cake and eat it, too
You can't charge $60 for a new game and 20 bucks for all this download content and this and then block out used game sales
You can't there's a moment with especially in this economy
Which isn't gonna be fully recovered next by next year where the consumers are gonna say enough you have taken our money
We're not gonna give it to you anymore and on top of fine with our PlayStation 3s and Xbox and on top of it
They're not even really claiming that you own the disc. It's your licensing content from them
Anyways, no fucking there is no industry out there that doesn't have like used as part of it use car sales
Do we see car sales suffering because if you use car sales, no, it's never fucking happening
So why do you fucking think that you need money?
Mr. Developer of to human for use game sales. You don't deserve any of my money then that's the case
I mean, here's what how it's gonna work. Mr. Dynek or whatever our dyack. I don't even fucking pronounce your last name
Whatever Dennis dyack. Here's how it's gonna fucking work. Okay, let's cut out use game sales
$60 for your shitty game to human three or whatever for two or
more human is gonna come out and it's gonna suck balls because it's silicon Knights and
it comes out and it doesn't fucking sell and
And no one's buying it new and there's no use game market anymore
So, you know, no one's buying it and then turning it over and saying oh fuck it. I'm not gonna you know play this
So what's gonna happen your game?
your brand new game is gonna have to drop in price in order to push some sales and
It's gonna keep dropping in price until it gets it gets down to the use game price
That would have been they people are gonna buy it new
So, I mean there's no use games
People just wait till the fucking new games to get to the price of what the use games used to be before and guess what?
They get all the full, you know benefit. You can't justify a $60 game if there's no resale value
You're literally taking all of the value out of the game and and here's another fun fun fact here
Dennis dyack if your game system or the game system that you're putting your content on doesn't support use games
I'm gonna be willing to bet that companies that make their money off of use games aren't gonna fucking carry that system
So good luck pushing your product in all just Walmart's and stuff like that
You know considering that GameStop has the biggest chunk in the industry they can command
Companies to pay them for retail shelf space. I think that they have enough control to where they can say
Yeah, you're gonna not put use games on your system
Yeah, we're just not gonna carry it and they probably will listen
I mean, why would they just stop listening to them all of a sudden? I mean, come on
let me um, I know we want to wrap up this topic to move on to other things, but I want to check in with
Jamie because we haven't heard from her in a little bit and as a collector, how do you feel about no use game market?
I think that's freaking ridiculous
Cuz I mean I was just saying earlier in chat that I bought a PlayStation game two weeks ago a PlayStation game
you know, I
Still have PlayStations, you know, I'm just saying that
That there's people out there that will still keep holding on to the older systems
like say they may have an Xbox and not a 360 because all they buy is used games and
You know, that's that's their prerogative. They could do that. I think that if you take out
the ability to
Sell the game back get a little money back in their pocket so they can go out and afford to buy a new game
That they're basically gonna be cutting out. Let's just say at least a good 25% of their market
Just just in the people that basically resell games so that they can buy a new game, right?
I mean when you think about it that disc will be worth nothing by the time you take it out of the shrink wrap
It is now worth nothing
They're literally saying though that you can pop it in your system mark it as a oh
I own this and then then you can literally throw the disc away
But who has the bandwidth from Comcast or whatever your provider is to support that you get all you have a 250 gig cap?
These games are gonna be 17 gig. That's the other thing too is okay
Let's another point that I brought up because I actually responded to that article is
Okay, let's assume that you can dump this game to your hard drive
How fucking big is that hard drive gonna be and how much is it gonna fucking cost?
because you know these price the prices of these hard drives from I understand heart data storage is cheap, but
Data storage is not cheap when it's sold by a company in a proprietary format, you know, for example, you know, you could buy a
320 gigabyte hard drive or whatever from
Microsoft and it's gonna run you like 200 bucks and I can get like a 2 terabyte drive for about the same price
You know if I bought it for my PC, so
You know unless they open that shit up like they do at the ps3 props to them for that. I
Mean, why wouldn't they do that?
I mean after all these guys are so fucking hungry for money that of course they're gonna take the opportunity to you know
Oh, hey, you need that 2 terabyte drive because you're gonna have to store all those games that we're gonna make you those this
And you know, you can't take without giving back
Um, I stand by my earlier statement that this this is going to cause a video game crash
It's gonna drive the game market underground
I mean not like, you know, not like oh the back alleys or whatever
but it's gonna be it's the games will be sold at flea markets and GameStops will sell nothing but used games because
People don't want new games anymore and also not worth shit
And also when you think about you know technology getting the way it is right now
And how expensive consoles are getting you know, maybe people will actually go to PCs
Hey, look at that PCs, you know where you can get games and actually own stuff and you know
you don't have to worry about use game sales because
there's just sales on video games and
You know, there's steam and that kind of stuff
All right in the interest of time we're gonna go ahead and move on but I'm sure some of you guys have comments
We will have the skype line open a little later as always in our show and you can also send us an email mailbag
At orange lounge radio.com and if it wasn't April Fool's Day, we probably would ask a question about this on the Facebook tonight
But we did something different. So maybe next week. We'll see what you guys think about this on the show where every gamer has a voice
Meanwhile, let's talk about those hard drives because this is a disturbing rumor going around this week the rumor that
The Xbox 360 hard drives actually retained credit card information
Even if you wipe the drive
Even if you sell it back kind of that whole thing about like you have to delete from a partition seven times until the information
Is truly gone. This was a report from Drexel University that made this claim that you know
Your credit card information was not really wiped from the drive when you would sell it back
Could this be how the hacks are happening?
I'm no I say no because I've never sold a hard drive back and I was hacked and have all my drives
I've ever had and on top of that. I don't think it stores the actual credit card information on your hard drive
It's it's tied to your network account or your Xbox Live account and it's downloaded from there, but is it possible?
It's ever written it to the drive ever
It's possible that it might be in a cache file or something like that. Maybe maybe that is possible
But now Microsoft responded to the whole thing. So let me read Microsoft's response because obviously this is important quote
We are conducting a thorough investigation into the researchers claims
We have requested information that will allow us to investigate the console in question and have still not received the information needed to replicate the researchers
Claims so they're deflecting a little bit in the opening like we don't have the information yet
Xbox is not designed to store credit card data locally on the console and
As such seems unlikely credit card data was recovered by the method described
Additionally when Microsoft refurbishes used consoles, we have processes in place to wipe the local hard drives of any other user data
We can assure Xbox owners. We take the privacy and security of their personal data very seriously
I somehow doubt that they actually wipe the drive with like zero byte writing, but I think it's just like
Format that was not a 100% denial either. Did you notice that that was not a firm?
No, this is crap. That was a we haven't been able to investigate it and it's unlikely but that wasn't a no. I
Mean maybe for legal reasons they can't say no because if they do say no and it ends up they were wrong
Now we can class-action lawsuit them Xbox live agreement be damned because this is on the actual hardware itself
Right. So is that why they have to be vague with the language? That's my assumption
It's with any business you have to basically cover room to see why a
Still very scary a very scary report and I'm not scared God. I I
I know I'm a total hypocrite saying this because my credit card info is on my xbox, but
If you haven't put it on there yet
I would advise you just don't don't ever give those damn things your credit card use the cards that you buy in stores
It's the only safe way to do it
Sad, but true. All right. Meanwhile dark soccer. What do you got for us?
Well, actually I was answering a question from niche I guess mm-hmm asking what my favorite console is of all time
From our chat room. Yeah. Yeah, I'd probably say the PC Engine duo
Turbo duo. Why is that?
Dracula X
Super Nintendo for me easy Super Nintendo was the best console they ever did I think
so anyway, um
You remember we'd actually mentioned a rumor about zipper being closed zipper interactive that created
So calm the developer so it was last week. Yeah. Well, I'm Sony confirmed it
they said they said that it was a result of a normal cycle of resource realignment and
Basically, like they did their shit. We're done
said pretty much like
they said that
They completed work on unit 13 and now they're done and that
They're still gonna be support for mag. So come for in unit 13 and there will be new daily challenges on unit 13
But other than that, bye. Bye. Well, I mean
I guess most of us kind of assumed last week's was probably true anyway, but it's unfortunate that it was confirmed, but
It doesn't when you say a rumor, you should always give us some closure. Sure. Yeah, they got the closure
All right, if it's true
That these new consoles are gonna lock out use games. I bet this this is gonna get a lot more frequent. It's gonna be
If your company doesn't develop for PC, you're gonna be in trouble. That's all I have to say. Oh
Wonder what the project was though that was cancelled so calm five
maybe maybe
Just so calm on the Vita. Who knows? Yeah, probably
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and what is coming out near you soon
Oh, well, the drought has begun again
So not a whole lot this week Titanic mystery on Nintendo DS and on the Wii
To celebrate the release of the movie all over again
It's talking about the Titanic 2 and now it there's a bomb on Titanic. I think we talked about this now
Yeah, it sounds like the plot of speed 2
There's also of course
funky barn from Ubisoft
3ds game
Fallout and oblivion are getting a double pack on Xbox 360 and PC
Connect Star Wars out this week as well as the Kinect Star Wars limited-edition Kinect Star Wars. Oh, that's finally out bundle
Yes, I'll be damned next ours is finally out
If you happen to shop at GameStop or Nintendo
Online Xenoblade Chronicles is out on the Wii this week
and
And
That's it finally Xenoblade Chronicles, that's when a lot of people are looking forward to
Yeah, gotta gotta say that. Oh and I did
Originally, it was gonna be a double may cry HD collection this week on ps3 and 360
However, Capcom dropped the street date on that so it just it's out now like canceled or just they they're no longer street dating it
So it was basically before it was okay. You have to hold your copies until Tuesday
They're like, I just sell it. Maybe it got leaked or something. Who knows. I don't yeah, it got leaked years ago
Devils may cry HD edition. It's not like one of those games like people have to have right now
It's like you already played it before you can and look all that HD there. Hmm. Just saying. All right, let's go to Japan in Japan
Not a whole lot coming out, but there are a few things on the Nintendo 3ds
Puyo Puyo
Kansatsu Nikki that is not Puyo Puyo. It's big difference Puyo Puyo, which looks like this big fat cat. Yeah
But it's not really Nintendogs or Nintendcats. Although I guess it does actually look a little similar to that
I've seen that cat a bunch of places before so
It's like from a manga like a character or something. Actually. It does look a lot like Nintendogs or
Looks like Shermie
Shermie
Shermie is not that fat
And she's not orange a plus. All right going to
Let's check out the Vita. See what's coming out on the Vita this week over in Japan
There we go
Nothing, unless you want a portable charger. It's an official first party portable charger. Hey
On the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3. Let's go to the 360 first
They're also getting Star Wars this week and the console so it's not just America
That's getting that Japan is getting their version as well. And lastly on the PlayStation 3
Borderlands game of the year edition comes out in Japan and
mahjong dream club
Yay, is that tying in with like dream club? I the anime it looks like it actually
Yeah, yeah chicks. Actually it is. Oh, yeah. Oh god. This is why
Lassie
It's ladies in swimsuits if you would like with big ol boobies playing mahjong. Yes
titty Zhang
Well, you know what more people might be into mahjong if that's true
That's the sound the eyes make mahjong
How about the UK dar soccer on the third we have Star Wars connect
We have devil a cry HD collection and wheels of destruction on the fourth diabolical pitch
on
The fifth rhythm thief and the Emperor's treasure and on the sixth shoot many robots
Many robots shoot them. Yep. All right. All right
Well, we're gonna take a moment to go in the gaming archive and find a game the dark soccer things
Hey, you ungrateful little brats
Although tonight we were reminiscing about old times a little bit. So everybody was reminiscing tonight a bit
But we're gonna reminisce again not with an old version of our show
With a classic game of the week
Dark soccer. What did you pick from the archives this week is the classic game of the week Street Fighter and that's no joke
Although the truth, although Capcom fighting games have become a bit of a joke in recent years
Well, I figured with everything happening. I may as well just go right to the source. Let's talk about Street Fighter
So, yeah, it came out in 1987, of course by Capcom and it was their first
fighting game that they put out and
It
Had it was actually one of the first ones that had a six button controller and had commands that had special moves
So this basically started the whole big thing for us
The version that came out on the turbo graphics CD was called fighting street in 1988 and that actually came out on the virtual console
in November 2009 and
the
same for UK
So basically the
You have one-on-one matches against the computer opponent and then each matches three rounds and you have to defeat each
Opponent in less than 30 seconds if the match ends before the fighter is knocked out
Then they will get whoever has the most energy will you know, make it to the next round basically the way fighting games do today
You have to win two rounds to win and move forward and if the third round is a tie then
The computer wins by default
So, I mean basically this started the whole thing this you know having the moves and everything having
Also started the computer cheating every time because that's bullshit that if it's still a tie that's not just win
Well, yeah, but actually that case that's actually somebody playing for you. So
There were there was a deluxe version of the game that had an 8-way joystick and then two large
mechatronic pads for punches and kicks
So it was basically
The harder you hit the harder your punch or your kick was and then the later version came out with the six attack buttons
You know the three heavy punches and three of the three punches and the three kicks so
There were all kinds of you know, the different moves basically you had
The psycho fire which was the hadoken and the dragon punch and a hurricane kick I mean
It they were all the same moves that followed over
So for the characters in this one
um, basically you play as Ryu and
If you have a second player then you play as Ken. That's why they had the same
And
He also, you know, basically the two-player mode is basically versus Ken
So you had different
opponents in
Single-player mode you had Retsu who was a Kenpo instructor
gecky who had a claw and
Joe who was a
Another karate guide Mike who from what I understand became Mike
I think was actually if I'm right he became Mike bison in Street Fighter 2 which as
We know over here. He was called Balrog
which was
Vegas name and Vega was who was bison over here and I've gone across side
Yeah
Yeah, that's how it worked
So we had a Lee who was
Chinese boxing and Gen who was a professional killer and Gen came back in Street Fighter alpha or Street Fighter zero
and so did birdie
who was the wrestler slash boxer he also was in there and then there was one named Eagle who was a bodyguard and
then you had your
Your last two opponents you had a Don who was Muay Thai and he actually came back for Street Fighter alpha as well
He was the one with the very interesting here and Sagat who was the boss and now
So it came out it was
Produced by Takashi Nishiyama who we've seen as piston Takashi
I
Was just looking at that because the other video ran out so I went and looked at some other matches
It was also um it was planned by um Hiroshi Matsumoto and the two of them actually went on
to do a bunch of games for SNK including fatal fury and art of fighting and
Then they came back to work on Street Fighter 4
So uh and we all know Imani occasion, right?
Basically he also designed the character portraits in Street Fighter and
So we've got like I said there were two different versions in the arcade there was the regular version
That has a six button and the deluxe one that had the pressure sensitive pads
So you can basically hit pad here as hard as the pad did
Basically in the US version well, I'd say in the any non-japanese version I should say
Ken and Ryu were dubbed in English so that their moves were like Psycho, Fire, Dragon Punch and Hurricane Kick and
Then later versions just left the voices in Japanese
So you know basically when you get into Street Fighter 4 it actually has both versions of it
So yeah the home versions there was like I said earlier
Fighting Street for the TurboGrafx that had an arranged soundtrack and
The this was interesting too the because it didn't have a six button controller your
Strength of your moves were determined by how long you held the subsequent kick or punch button because it just had like
They later did six button controllers though when it's a for TurboGrafx
But anyway, did you know Rob that there was a Commodore 64 version?
Actually, I did isn't that sad, but yes, I didn't know about the Commodore 64 version. I think I had it
Well, um there was also one from the X Spectrum. It didn't play that great by the way because the Commodore 64 only has one button
this MS-DOS Amiga and Atari ST that came out by US Gold and
And
They were
I believe published by Tiertex, and they said that they actually came out with their with an unofficial sequel called human killing machine
Kind of interesting huh of course of US Gold also was the one that published by my commando in 1943 so now
The
I mean it was as far as this. I mean it was considered to be
one of the games of the year as stated by Sinclair user and
C plus VG said it had no lasting appeal whatsoever
Well
How did that last lucky that somebody felt differently and gave it a sequel? Huh seriously?
But I mean the sequel is so much better though. I mean it
is
Yeah, yeah, but I mean so we can see the roots of it. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, absolutely
And I mean there is an emulation of the arcade version that's available in Capcom arcade hits volume one
but also of course a Street Fighter 2 champion edition and that's available for a Windows PC and the
Capcom classics collection remix for PSP and Capcom classics volume 2 for ps2 and Xbox
All
Right that it that's it your classic game of the week Street Fighter or
Fighting Street, I guess right depending on where you are
For a variety of systems doing nothing apparently, but shorty you can over
All right, we're going to move right into some rapid-fire news tonight if things seem a little bit compressed
That's because we compressed our regular show because the April Fool's thing we did at the beginning so yes
It is moving at a different pace tonight, so let's just go right into rapid-fire news Loki
All right
Let's talk a little bit about
Some Easter eggs, and this is kind of funny
There was actually an Easter egg that was found on the Nintendo 64 version of Goldeneye
It was actually an emulator for the ZX spectrum
Complete with ten games, and it was on that cartridge of course
you know it was something that was kind of locked out a little bit, but
Thanks to a patch if you are running it in an emulator. You can actually access all ten of those games and
That's kind of neat that they did that apparently the company well rare
They had also I guess developed games for the ZX spectrum
Back in the day, so that's kind of interesting that that was on there
And then this is kind of disappointing news Kid Icarus uprising actually began as a Wii game
And it was being developed on PC as well
I imagined the dev kits or PCs, but as a Wii game. I yes exactly
I kind of think it should have stayed a Wii game, too
Yeah
It would have been fucking awesome as a Wii game not the saying that they couldn't bring it the consoles later on
But it would have been fucking awesome as a Wii game not so now that I'm playing it and thinking about the controls, too
Like I can see how it totally was a Wii game
And it would have been because you could use the little thumb stick to move and you aim at the TV
Like it actually makes a lot more sense as a Wii game
Although the 3d the 3d is beautiful in it though. I mean it is
Here's the thing here's the thing that's really disappointing though
They actually have video from the game running on the Wii version
It's gorgeous it still looks oh wow I didn't see the video. That's awesome. Yeah, it's just
Is it on the story here? It's on the story. Yeah, they actually show it looks like I mean
It's basically what you see in the 3ds version. Just minus any enemies and stuff like that, but I mean
I've been an awesome. This is the first level
This is this looks like it could just be the screen from the 3ds one, but
But yeah, that's the dev the prototype version that they had all right. I mean
So sad that it could have been you know they should still do it as a PC game
We're still time to put it out as a Wii game. That's right. Yeah, that's true. You are we you
You never know
So yeah
This point very disappointing less disappointing is the success of journey, which is a PlayStation Network game?
I really didn't talk enough about because it came out at the time
I was getting back into Mass Effect, but this is a great experience on the PlayStation 3 and and again
I really suggest you guys check it out however
It sounds like a lot of you already have a journey is now the fastest selling Sony Computer Entertainment
America region PSN game in all of recorded history so check that out
the honor before that was infamous to festival of blood so
Anyhow, so journey has been doing very very very well online and April 10th is when the soundtrack is coming out
You can get that either on the PlayStation Store, or you can do it in iTunes
So that's gonna be coming on April 10th, and it does have a gorgeous soundtrack with it, too
So again journey on PlayStation Network is it's it's trip
I like it a lot and the end they're gonna be doing a little big planet stuff for journey as well
So I did read about someone needs to get it for me
Maybe for your birthday, maybe all right
If PC games are more your thing audio surf especially if you like music games is probably one that you've checked out before
Well guess what they're not gonna stop there
There's a website for a little something called audio surf air
air who knows what that is it could be a mobile version of the game, but it sounds like it's more likely a
Sequel to the original audio surf there is some screenshots on the website of course everything is subject to change
But it does look like I don't know the the little machine looks a little more like a boat or something now
So it is definitely possible. They've changed some things up
I think they are recruiting for beta signups right now, so you can check that out on their website, which is
It's air dot audio dash surf calm air that
Down there air dot audio dash surf calm. That's a lot of punctuation. So there you go audio surf air dark Sarah
Well in other news Rob
Playing with your me game. I got a swap note. I had to check it. It's a cat
No, well I said I sent a swap note earlier, so and it's my little April Fool's joke now
Did you get the one from Reggie I?
I did get the one from Reggie, and you can use him as a level 5 guy in find me or whatever
But he got scared off by the monster
And I didn't get to use him at all and that pissed me the fucking asshole. I know right so news I
Had to give you a hard time Rob
Mortal Kombat Vita has a release date. It's
going to be coming out in Europe on May 4th and
And I don't see what the American data us is May 1st first right yeah, yeah
So basically it's gonna have touchscreen enabled fatalities and a challenge tower whoo and a hundred and fifty Vita exclusive missions
The Vita challenge tower could be neat. I mean they're gonna incorporate a lot of the Vita stuff into it, so
I'm interested, but I don't really want to pay 40 bucks or whatever
It's gonna cost to play it new when I already have the old one. You know exactly well
There's another game and really I'm only reporting on this because I like the name of it awesome not
It's a multiplayer arena beat-em-up
That's going to be on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live arcade on May 2nd put out by Ronimo games
so you basically beat people up in teams of three online or via splits screen locally and
There's no price tag on it yet
It's a Ronimo is a Dutch developer nice. They put out a swords and soldiers
alrighty
We're gonna get into the frugal question of the week actually though. I think I want to do an
Unscripted break just because the recording is starting to get a little long
So I need to save the recording so we don't lose it so I get the temp space back
So we're gonna do a little technical break and when we come back
I'm gonna do just a two-minute song here when we come back
We will do more of orange launch radio including the frugal question of the week F use of the week
Twitter topics at twitter.com slash olr and your phone calls at one eight seven seven game
Oh, LR will get to those right after a quick impromptu break here
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio on this April Fool's Day edition
episode number 452 of our show
And if you tuned in late tonight you list missed a little bit of retro
Oh, LR at the top of the show so check it out when it hits the podcast feed yes
It will all be in the somebody was asking if they could get a recording of
The beginning of the show tonight, and I was like it it'll be in the podcast
So it'll be all there songs and all because we very intentionally pick songs that were from the games themselves
So they're like licensed a little differently so we can
Probably get away with putting those in the podcast a little easier than if we had done some of the licensed DDR music
I don't know Konami might not like the fact that you put the unedited version of dynamite Raven there
You know the one that was actually good enough the newer one that they
Felt that they need to go and tweak kind of like George Lucas tweaks his movie
Hey, we were helping to promote dancing stage featuring Lady Gaga, so
How can they be mad all right anyhow? Let's get back into the show?
A frugal question of the week, it's where we ask you guys a question on Facebook and Google plus, and we call it frugal all
Right so nope no bites on Google this week, which has me convinced nobody is on Google plus however to be fair
I kind of forgot about the segment till a few hours before the show so I will try to remember to post these on Saturday
So you have a full day to answer the question?
Whether it be on Google plus if you'd search for orange lounge radio
I also also I should say this I saw a commercial for Google plus at the movies yesterday before Hunger Games
they're really trying they're trying to get people to make the switch to Google plus and
Since I'm being forced to move to this stupid timeline thing on Facebook
I like it Google plus doesn't seem so bad and our page is now the timeline you can get in
Oh for that by the way. I think I will I hate the way time looks I hate it. I hate the left
And the right side stuff. It's I love it
Well, I hate it
All right here. It is the frugal question of the week
What is your favorite urban legend or April Fool's joke in the gaming community that turned out to be fake or perhaps even real?
Years later for example, Shang Long Sonic and Super Smash Brothers melee and so forth
Be sure to sign your comments. Oh
Obviously if you wrote on Facebook, then you already did
Dark Tetsuya writes, honestly, I don't think anything could top Shang Long from EGM April 92
Wow, even quoted the magazine in the date
Keep in mind that this was even before we had the internet much less as big as it is today
And you have to give the editors credit for sticking the find the AFD joke contest right underneath it
I agree that was a pretty epic troll on behalf of that magazine
I remember they used to do these epic April Fool's jokes every year, and they've kind of set the benchmark
But I loved when their jokes would become realities like Ermac in
Mortal Kombat 1 like ended up being a really real thing that was kind of funny, so
Alright, Cody T. Writes us and says one that happened just recently Assassin's Creed connect, and there's a video trailer for it and everything
It's actually pretty hilarious, and he linked us to the video trailer there, so yeah, I didn't see this I watched it
And it's you know looks like the normal connect videos, and you see this guy do like this backflip
You know in in his living room and stuff, and it just it just gets more and more ridiculous
Pork Chop writes and says how about the Final Fantasy 7 tech demo for PlayStation 3 that had everybody lose their minds and assume there'd
Be a remake ultimate fanboy troll well to be fair that wasn't an April Fool's joke
But I get we did say urban legend or April Fool's joke, so that was a huge troll on
Somebody's part you have to wonder if they didn't consider. Can I add mine in here sure of course yeah?
You get to answer to remember when they were
Going to do Megaman Legends 3
And then they said they're gonna put out a demo for it and that you'd have to pay for the demo
And then they said fuck you we're not gonna do it. Haha. Yeah, that was that wasn't a troll
That was just fucking mean is what that was
Which by the way, and I do follow them on Facebook still you know 10,000 or 100,000 strong for Megaman Legends
3 to return or whatever that is they're up to 80,000
Likes so that's more than a million moms right yeah, so I mean
You know hey if you haven't liked them yet, maybe you should
This just in there are more Megaman fans than moms
Apparently go figure all right moving on I
Kid I kid
Tyler M says Goken in Street Fighter 2 I don't remember that one
I do cuz that was it was supposed to be Ryu and Ken's teacher, and now he's in Street Fighter 4
Oh, how funny I forgot that one that must have been a little later after the Shang Long ordeal
Phil G. Writes, I'm still not convinced the Diablo 3 release date is real
That's a very valid concern sir, but we have people who are already playing the beta
I mean the beta has been out for a while now though. Oh, yeah, I mean so it's got to be sometime soon
Well, you know that it was practically done in October
Well, yes, you know there are some people are concerned that the Gran Turismo 5 release date isn't accurate either
Also a legitimate concern yes, um let's see unfolded raptor writes and says when I was in third grade back in 2000 I
I feel so old
That was it that was a great troll from unfolded raptor right there good job, sir all right I
Used to tell my friend at school that if he threw flares in the corner of a certain room in Tomb Raider the last
Revelation that it would skip him to the end of the game well
He kept doing that and it ticked him off that he had to restart the level again and again and waste his flares
So he comes back and tells me the next day that if I went through the whole game of Star Fox 64
Without doing a barrel roll that at the end and Ross would come out and shake his butt I
Have to remember there in third grade, so this is funny
I played Star Fox 64 over and over for about a week before I was convinced that no such thing existed
Years later my friend told me he lied about and Ross and it served me right, but deep down in my heart
I want to believe that such a secret ending actually exists. This is an April Fool's prank that is stuck with me throughout the years I
Feel like this needs an animated gif file of and Ross shaking his butt with I want to believe
That's
A good story what I like about that story is it really has nothing to do with gaming magazines or press
But it's just like people trolling each other, and that's that's great all right lastly Hunter are rights
It says I remember last year this game that claimed to be Duke Nukem forever came out except
It was totally lame there are people who are still convinced that shit is real ha ha I
See what you did there. I see what you did there all right. That's it for our frugal question
It's even funnier. There's developers that think that the critics went too hard on them
By the way those are like those are like the 9-eleven conspiracy
There's thousand strong for bringing back Mega Man Legends 3 they're up to eighty one thousand six hundred forty two
Yeah, that's actually been going up quite a bit
So they keep that up you may be able to hit that before June
I I would go like the page, but I'm over it
That's just where I'm at. I'm over it
All right, let's get back into some more news Loki
All right, well unfortunately something that may not be coming back quite as soon as Mega Man Legends 3
To PSP games which
had
Problems with their save files or you know that they could be exploited to launch
homebrew emulator on
the PlayStation Vita basically through the PSP
Emulation or the emulator on there
And allow them to run unsigned code so before we knew about motorstorm
Arctic rift that was taken off and now hotshots tennis or everybody's tennis in Europe has also been taken down
Because it was also being used in exploits to run
homebrew on the Vita
so
That's what happens is these people release. You know a method that requires one of these games and
Then it goes away
What they should do is tell people to buy those games first
And then release the exploit so that people have a chance to actually use it
Of course it's only a matter of time before they patch this out, and then you know now what's interesting about this again
These are PlayStation P portable games that are allowing the PlayStation Vita to be hacked
I found that to be interesting, but they were using the old games to do it
It's only hacked within the emulator
But the emulator isn't as strapped as it was on the PSP you can still do a little bit more
You have a little bit more memory and stuff to work with
But it's still within the emulator you don't actually have access to the whole vita stuff yet
But it allowed you to install Linux on the Vita
I would allow you to run the emulators, and maybe isos. I don't know about that, but at least emulators
And those are surprised you didn't get in on this before it got shut down. I don't download PSP games
You know other than the ones I got for free so and honestly
I'm kind of over playing emulators on stuff right now. I mean if I want to play emulators
I have my PSP still I have
Fuck I have a dingoo that only plays emulators
I mean, I don't really need another system to run. You know homebrew stuff on right now
All right, well this is one game that you may not ever get to play again
After this whole well no it sounds like not a lot of people played it in the first place
But now there's a big lawsuit going on you remember Def Jam rap star. Oh, God
Well, here's the thing about it though try not to as well you guys as silly of a game as it looked
This is the thing it wasn't that bad
It was actually a pretty slick music game like I know a lot of had a really cool community feature to it like the whole
YouTube sharing stuff like I know there's a lot of people that are like I'm not into rap music
But if you actually kind of look at the way this game was built and everything it actually was a pretty solid music game
I have to say but because it is you know it's it's a specific audience
You know some people aren't into rap they'd rather have a rock game or something so because you know it was an audience
That had to be in the rap and not everybody wants to like rap in their own house or whatever it didn't really do too
well
Unfortunately it you know it went came and went real quick, but here's the weird thing
There's a lawsuit going on right now for big money
EMI is suing for millimeter games and terminal reality
Saying that songs were used in the game that they weren't entitled to
Rap star apparently got some songs from labels like Def Jam and so forth EMI says though it owned small
percentages of other tracks that were nominally owned by other labels some of the weird yeah
I know right some of the examples include DJ Khalid's. I'm so hood
Lil Wayne's got money, which EMI said they own 10% of one of them and 30% of the other I know right but apparently
This is me that multiple publishers
You know the way these things get bought and who finances it and so forth I can kind of see where this happens
But EMI says 54 tracks infringe on their rights. They're going after eight million dollars in damages
But the weird thing to me is that this game is a few years old now. I think it's 2010
Yeah, or nine. I don't know how ice it was that same e3 was October
It was in October
I remember seeing it at e3 and I want to say it was the same year that game room had come out so what year
Was game room was that 2009? I think was 2009
So yeah
Interesting it was
2010 actually really all right 2010 and
Yeah, and they shut down the community site in 2011 don't
All right, let's move on to the mailbag every week you guys send us emails
Mail bag at orange long trader calm dark soccer is gonna dive in head first to pick a few of her favorite emails and read
them now
Okay, Kermit
He's something vaguely Kermit. Hi whoa Kermit the frog here
Okay
This one comes from pikaruna. You know that's long
Something stuck my cheek
Hey guys glad to hear on last week's show that epic Mickey will be getting a sequel
Although I have a day
Although I haven't played the original yet the concepts always attracted me. I'm sure Rob knows why
And it'll be good to see the game on a console that I regularly play
I
Remember you made some comments about how epic Mickey was meant to be this dark more adult game
And how it didn't really live up to that promise and it got me thinking
There is one branch of Disney
I'd like to see handle a project like this and that would be Disney Italy
They've always had free artistic reign producing tons of exclusive comics and characters that never really gained traction elsewhere
At the end of the 90s Disney Italy decided to launch a couple of experiments unsuccessful some less
So but all quite surprising these included pkna a Marvel slash DC style comic and featuring paper
Paper-y Nick Donald Duck superhero alter ego as he fought aliens time travelers and mutants featured violence and actual character deaths
The most successful the experiments this even got its own video game
Although that was based on the shitty third series that fans like to forget ever happened
Can I say real quick the whole epic Mickey thing? I it's nowhere else in our show row
I don't think we've covered it here. There's that awesome new I don't know if you heard but with epic Mickey 2
They're also doing the 3ds game
Well, the 3ds isn't a port of epic Mickey to the 3ds game is a new casual of illusion game
Oh, right, and they're doing like stages like
Classic stages, but they're doing stuff like Tangled and you know, it's a bunch of new Disney movies in it, too
It's cool. I'm like sold
Thank you very much
Sounds better than the console one to me
Okay, well to continue. Yes, ma'am
There's witch a shoujo manga style comic this one also ran for quite a long time
Also getting its own TV show and being turned into a real manga in Japan not to be confused with Winx Club
Which was a cheap and nasty knockoff of this
Riddhi Topolino, which is what you get when you cross Disney with Monty Python short-lived but hilarious things
They did include publishing their Christmas issue in July
And certain deliberate mistakes into the comic strip and one memorable feature celebrated the Olympics by having Mickey compete against a garden gnome
The inanimate gnome not only one but the end of many also dumps Mickey for it
There's Mickey Mouse mystery magazine the darkest of the bunch Mickey is a hard-boiled detective in his own noir comic solving mysteries and dealing with bad
Guys, this was so dark
later issues tried to soften the story by making it look like Mickey was just watching the episode as a film rather than him being
the actual protagonist
Then in early 2000s Disney Italy got a new director
They decided all this awesome teen oriented stuff was too bold and basically killed off every one of these projects
Which is a great shame. They all deserved a lot more recognition
Unfortunately PKNA and MMMM never made it to the States
So your only chance of reading these fine series is to learn Italian or look for fan translated scans on the net
But yeah, I would love to see some of the edgier characters in epic Mickey too
But since they're virtually unknown outside of Italy not much chance of that aye
Anyway, let's and take care of pikaruno. Thank you for the email pikaruno and just for you since you know, you brought it up
The health
Yeah, I remember rolling my eyes when they were showing that shit my god, what is this bullshit
Next email and this is actually from rubber
There was
Link from the Star Tribune last year Best Buy it lost a staggering 1.2 billion as it was deeply discounted merchandise to keep pace
with rivals Amazon and Walmart
All in all Best Buy hopes to shed 800 million
Over the next three years saving the company plans to use
You know savings the company plans to use to fund its new connected store remodels international expansion and digital service
But even CEO Brian Dunn admits the company's efforts to remake itself are fraught with frustration and uncertainty
So well, it's tough because a lot of people are going into Best Buy and then they'll figure out what they want
Then they go buy it on Amazon because it's cheaper. Yeah, so I mean it's it's gonna fries because Amazon
Doesn't have to staff a store
I mean they have to staff a warehouse, but they don't have to staff a store
So they're kind of able to make cuts that Best Buy can't make as easy
But yeah Best Buy is gonna have to be aggressive if they want to stay competitive
It will probably help that more states are forcing Amazon charge sales tax
Yeah, because there's a lot of people that use Amazon simply because they don't have to pay tax and they buy an Amazon
But that's gonna be changing
Unfortunately or fortunately depending on how you look at it. Okay, um next email
I have a neighbor of mine who owns a fairly large pasture on this pasture
He allows a number of animals to freely graze
Horses cows sheep whatever on the fence that lines the property is a series of signs that all say the same thing
Free manure inquire at the house
By now manure. He means bullshit fresh new high quality bullshit. My neighbor's bullshit is free to anyone
You just have to haul it away yourself as I looked at my Twitter feed on Wednesday
I began to wonder why people aren't all a Twitter about my neighbor's bullshit
Sure, the bullshit that came out on Wednesday that related to the PlayStation 4 is hotly anticipated
But the recent bullshit about the Xbox lube is frequently and abundantly deposited, but my neighbor's bullshit is actually real
My neighbor's bullshit isn't as an actually tangible thing as opposed to the PlayStation bullshit and the Xbox lube bullshit
Perhaps you can figure out this quandary while I simply cannot stay black entertainment
This message has been brought to you by a big juicy tender succulent steak
YUM
Mainly because no one actually cares about actual bullshit. Did you see the ad today for the chick-fil-a steak sandwich?
Yes, I did. That was pretty funny
Is that it for emails or we have one more?
Yeah one more but I've wondered if you had a rebuttal for why does why is real bullshit not as talked about as
the bullshit people actually care about
Because your neighbor's not famous and doesn't make video game systems the end
I um, there's a lot of game sites that run with bullshit or else they'd have nothing else to publish
Speaking of shit. EA is still up for grabs for worst company in America
So if you go to consumerist calm and vote I believe tomorrow is when they're having I don't know
It's tomorrow or maybe they're really part next week. They're actually
voting
For the semi-finals so they can they can do it and this year. They're also giving away three different
Uh
Golden poos, they're gonna have the golden poo the silver poo and the bronze poo this year Wow
So they still have a chance as long as they win next round, you know, well
Congratulations. Yeah two emails left
Excuse me
Thank you
Yes, I had to burp. Oh, well, dear olr today
I was cleaning up the garage while listening to last night's podcast two hours and a lot of packing later
I unearthed an unexpected surprise a slim ps1
Apparently it once belonged to my uncle who scrapped it years ago. I immediately began to wipe the dust and chemicals away
Hoping to restore it. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any game
So I decided to test the lens with an audio CD after browsing through my uncle's CD collection
I knew what album I had to choose Queen greatest hits
Good pick after anxiously connecting all of the cables and the single controller
I was relieved to find the ps1 was still kicking and better yet. I jammed it
Don't stop me now as a celebration anthem. That's long as great
I love the scene in Shaun of the Dead where they're beating up the zombie to that song. That's the best
I haven't touched a ps1 since 2000 back when I was nine. Shut up
The nostalgia began to return to me. I'm not enjoying all this age of our listeners this week
I remember being blown away by games like Ein Hunderr
Gran Turismo and Twisted Metal my question to you guys is this with my first ever ps1. What game should I immediately own?
Also were the seminal titles the ps1. What were the seminal titles the ps1 era?
I like all types of games RPGs platformers horror sports fighting rhythm you name it also
Where can I even find ps1 games anymore? Thanks in advance. Love the show
Keep up the good work Randy from Texas flea markets. You can find a lot of PlayStation 1 games that still Amazon
Oh, really? They still sell PlayStation 1 games people still stuff in them as long as oh, yeah
Castlevania Symphony of the Night you should own right now. Yes, you definitely should own that one
I'm jumping flash. If you enjoy music games at all per app of the rapper and it's sequel. Ooh, Jammie Lammy. I
also
Think they changed the whole import thing on the old on the PS slim didn't they?
Yeah, because yeah, that was the one that you had to use the memory card thing
I never had slim. I just had the old one that we have the like the
Cartridge in the back. Yeah. Yeah, you might as well get a file pass at Final Fantasy 7 copy too. Cuz that was
I'm Honda, of course, you mentioned it. Mm-hmm
even
air guys, I
Freaking loved er guys cuz of the RPG motor air guys for our four. Yes and get a jog con
Don't get a jog con get a job really not worth it
I bought a jog con and I was like wow, this is crap, you know, you need wipe out with the neg con
What if I have a jog console?
Course Ridge Racer I was r4 Oh
Herp derp Ridge Racer revolution
But um wipe out with an egg con is possibly a revolution
God what else? Well, I mean I just picked up
Um bus to move to arcade edition, which is literally the best version of bus to move you can find
Chrono cross Chrono cross
Chrono trigger re-release you got to get bubsy because that was such a high quality. I don't roll. Don't roll
All right. So good luck finding your PlayStation game and just for you just for you
Maybe you should just go get a PlayStation 3 and get a Sing Star Queen or a rock band and all the Queen songs
How about the last email? All right. How about it? Okay. Greetings. Olr. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle question of the week
What game are you looking forward to most this year not including January through March also a comment on Skyrim. I
almost never buy games
Day one because of cost which I believe are too high
But I did buy Skyrim sunk 40 hours into it in two weeks and haven't touched it until today
Thanks to seem constantly advertising the latest mods
I decided to give it another go but only after spending two hours respecting my character
Being able to respect plus the sky UI has made the game playable again
By the way, the HD graphics pack made the game look that much better
Anywho, keep up the good work and I'll listen to your answer tomorrow your loyal turtle in Philly serious turtle
I kind of want to play it on my PC. So do I I don't know if my PC can run it though
I think it can I'm sure my
Games, I'm looking forward to this year
Kingdom heart dream drop distance. Yes, which is out in Japan, but it's not out here yet
Um
The new Tomb Raider looks really good. Still. I'm interested in that
I kind of think there's gonna be stuff at e3 that we don't know about yet
That will be very exciting especially with the Wii U and everything
Also, it's looking very very very good that I'm gonna be able to go to e3 this year
So I'm very excited about that because I didn't go last year. Really. I sat in the lobby last year
But hopefully this year I'll get to get say hi missy three I do it is fun
I I do miss it, but I can't you have a baby. Yeah separate the kids when the kids 18, then you go to e3
or
You can't take kids under 18
By four hopefully he'll he'll understand that daddy goes away sometimes. Yeah, he's just at the point now where it's just like
You know, he's very clingy
I understand understand. I in fact, I got to miss out a trip to a resort in Monterey Bay
Yeah, there are companies doing I I get the stay back at work and work
While everybody goes and drives down to Monterey Rough Life
Who's I'm gonna work though when they leave?
kicking back
Internet all day every day. So that's it emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
If you want to send us some emails in the future again, that's mailbag at orange lounge radio.com good emails this week
Thank you guys. Let's get to the F use of the making me work the F use of the week
Here we go. And some special April Fool's F you music has picked by Loki tonight
You know, I tried to find the whole video for that song just cuz I needed to hear it in context it's awesome anyway
Really well looped I
Was I'm just mesmerized for a second
anyway, um
God, Rob, you need to stop that because that's too distracting
I thought if I get the sax guy off the screen, this is the music is too distracting. I played saxophone. So I'm like
So anyway, um, my if he goes to this music and to spilling coffee all over my wallet
Didn't do that in my kitchen. Did you know I did it at Starbucks
a
Few to having to go to bed early tonight because I'm starting a job tomorrow
I mean, I'm happy to be working. I mean, I would like to just get paid for doing nothing. That would be great
but
it's gonna be nice to be productive again and
Damn it. Yeah
But well, you know what sucks about it is it what sacks about it
It what sucks is that I have a class that's on during my work shift
So, uh, I'm basically gonna have to miss the rest of the semester that class
But I've already told the teacher that if I got a job job comes first
There you go. Mookie
McDonald's for not being able to make food correctly. I mean, it's not that hard. Seriously. You're calling that food
Well, it's hardly food. But like I said, there's few McDonald's on the way here
No, Burger Kings that are right on the way here. So
It's like well, I could drive way the fuck out of the way to go to Burger King or I could just be quick and getting
Gone, so I was quick. I was actually almost gonna get their fish McBites that they have now
Although I think that would be poison. So I'm not really sure if I should do that. I'm not
that's it if you do the people that keep wanting to compare about a royale the Hunger Games get over it and
F you to
F you to Jelly Belly, I am so mad. I am no longer gonna be able to eat Jelly Bellies anymore
What happened? I'm boycotting Jelly Bellies. They had
Rick Santorum at their factory giving a speech and then did this whole
$1,000 a plate fundraiser dinner at Jelly Belly because I never knew this they contribute to all these causes
Which I don't you know, I I'm not mad at like
I'm not the person who usually get up there and say F you to all Republicans and all this because I don't feel that way
He's evil. There's a lot of Republicans I do like and there's some progressive ideas within Republicanism that it's cool
And you know, I'm fine with that. It's Rick Santorum. I have a fucking problem with he's he's just he's evil. He's vile
He's gross and racist if you saw that thing this week, so he's just a walking festering pile of shit
It's just he's he's the village idiot of this country and deserves to be pointed and laughed out wherever he goes
And I'm just sad that the tainted he is tainted the Jelly Belly factory and I can no longer support that company
And I urge all of you to so I was I was hoping that maybe it was all like they were gonna do a Bernie's
Bots for Santorum flavored jelly beans, but that didn't end up being the case. Unfortunately, why did they all taste like shit?
and Luper kid I
Don't understand
so F you to Rick Santorum if you do the fact that people actually are voting for him for president and
There you go. That's the F use of the week
moving on
Loki, all right
So moving on let's talk a little bit about
changes and
Sega unfortunately
changing for the worst they are canceling games cutting jobs and restructuring and
Of course, they're expected net incomes down almost 50%
And of course, they're gonna make some changes regarding that
They're streamlining the operations of Sega both in the United States and Europe
They're gonna focus on key franchises including Sonic Football Manager total war and aliens
So
Yeah, it's interesting funny enough though, they're actually still doing an Olympics game in June so
Maybe they're restructuring after that
But uh, oh no that um, Sonic and Mario Olympic game did crazy good on the Wii. No, I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about the actual Olympic games, you know the sports game that's on
ps3 and 360
But maybe for that same reason they're doing that. I mean, that'd be you know, every cool
But yeah, I can understand they try a lot of experimental stuff and it doesn't always work out
If only they'd release Shenmue 3
If only well, I think they kind of do that stuff though the a little bit more experimental stuff though on Xbox Live Arcade
So I don't know necessarily we're gonna see the end of that kind of stuff, you know
Cuz after all they're gonna be doing, you know jet set radio here. So I
It's very possible that they'll still do Shenmue
All right
I'm kind of sad to hear about this obviously because it's Sega
I'm also sad because that means less of a chance that Phantasy Star Online 2 will come out in America
Which I was really looking forward to hope it will I'm still hoping it will too and maybe we'll hear something about it
83 but just the whole you know
Sega not doing so hot is kind of depressing and humbling news dark soccer
I know you've got to be feeling a little sad about the changes at Sega. Yeah
I'm also pissed off at my laptop, but that's another thing. Did Sega build your laptop? No, it's a piece of shit. Oh, I'm sorry
Niche in our chat room is wondering the same thing. What's gonna have our Nietzsche probably what's gonna happen to my PlayStation online to Sega
What about PSO to you bastards? That's how I feel
Huh, we'll see just stop putting out the crappy Sonic games and maybe it'll be better
Who knows all right moving on
It's a bummer Sega didn't have this because I'm sure there's a bunch of fans that would be really excited about this game
but that would be
Firefly the arcade game that is not a joke is it um
I don't know because here's the thing the story was published March 31st
So I'm kind of like it kind of could go either way. So I'm taking this with a huge grain of salt
And some people in the comments are saying it's April Fool's which if it is an April Fool's joke
Your April Fool's jokes are supposed to go up April 1st
What time does it say? It doesn't say it just says March 31st 2012
So I'm gonna take it with a grain of salt is probably as a joke
But let's entertain let's entertain the idea that it's real for a minute. Let's entertain if it could be realistic or not
Apparently because of the 10th anniversary of the show Firefly even though it had a you know short life on television
It's very cult and now they're talking about a Firefly
Arcade game see the thing about this is the screenshot does look really fake to me
The whole thing looks very it does it's a whole like first-person shooter and all that and that cabinet too just doesn't look no
Let's assume it could be real though
Let's or you know, like, you know, somebody was really thinking about this would this be something worth doing?
Because it is a bit of a cultish franchise
But I could you know a lot of stuff come from kind of back of the day ends up coming full circle again
I don't even know necessarily. It's an arcade game, but like a pinball game. I could totally see a Firefly pinball game
Yeah, couldn't you I really don't think it would happen. I mean then again, I'm I'm sure Joss would like the money
They wouldn't make an arcade game based on a property that's niche like that, especially since arcade games nowadays
It's just like you've got to have some sort of gimmick to get people to come to the arcades to play the game
They're not gonna spend the money to make cabinets for an arcade game like that
But hey April Fool's haha. Yeah, you can actually this is totally Photoshop
Because if you look at the edges of this graphic that's supposed to be the side of the cabinet
It's not like a pic. It just looks bad. So F you to
People that do their April Fool's jokes on March 31st arcade heroes. Yep
It's probably just said, you know, they probably did it on April 1st to them
But it probably time-stamped on their server perhaps or they just didn't in March 31st. So people are well, maybe maybe
All right moving on
Oh, yeah, that would be me wouldn't it?
Yes, ma'am. How about Tesco? Do you know what Tesco is? Uh,
They are a big grocery store in Britain, right? Yes. Did you know that they've opened markets in the United States?
Yes, because they're fresh and easy. That's how I knew that
Yep, and they're being protested how the new stores that open here really I guess Tesco is very anti-union
So some of the union grocers in the area are protesting when I drove by there was actually an ambulance in front of it
Maybe they started fighting each other. Who knows maybe maybe well at any rate
Um, the supermarket has now say are they are the home of gaming in the advertisement over in the UK?
Well, I guess since game UK went under they've there's an opening actually game. There's no more game store closures. Oh, really?
Yeah, there's an article on that on a Eurogamer. Oh, I did. I didn't hear that follow-up. They didn't close any more stores
huh, um, so basically they're saying that
They have more gaming stores in the UK than any other retailers
so that's three hundred and ninety three open at midnight for new releases and
That there will have over ten thousand titles available online for UK delivery and day one pre-order shipping
So I have no idea what to say about that. This reminds me of when 7-eleven got into gaming for a hot minute
They stopped doing that right? I
I Dan is friends with somebody who managed that was a big flop. Well, of course, it was a big flop
What about this though?
I mean
I remember back in the day a lot of grocery stores had like video rentals shops in it and
You could also rent games there too. So like
Integrating and a lot of them still sell DVDs. It's not a bad idea considering that you know, the
Video rental markets getting it's coming back because there's not a lot of you know
There will blockbusters have kind of closed down Hollywood's closed down
Most of your mom-and-pop shops have closed down now they're starting to kind of reopen back up. Although kiosks are kind of popular nowadays
Well, I found the thing about game by the way
Yeah that um, it was up capita. That's the parent company of comet
is bidding for game again and
And there's three hundred and thirty three stores still open two hundred eleven of them being game and one hundred and twenty-two being game station and
Basically
They were initially blocked by the lending syndicate that owned them including the Royal Bank of Scotland. So
That was what stopped them before so could video games at the grocery store work. I think especially the cheaper
Market could work because you see a lot of that at Target
I mean yes Target sells new games and all that too
But they also like up by the registers usually have the $20 Wii games and those seem to do
All right, like they sell more there than they probably would at a GameStop or something
well, Tesco is pretty big too, and I think they are like a
Wide very broad in their services and markets. So sure probably like a Safeway here. You know, it's got a lot of stuff
It's not necessarily just the store
But usually the full-service deli and China, you know a lot of places I've I'm sorry go ahead
Well, as far as I understand it, it actually is a bit more like a super target. Oh
Okay, you know Tesco's I mean, but it was big supermarket
But like you can get or maybe like a what's that thing? That's um, they had in Washington that uh, Fred Meyer higher. Yeah
The sum of everything, okay
All right. Well, uh, Loki if you don't have any comments and let's go to the next story
Let's um, let's talk about something of kind of a really cool piece of technology
browser quest it was an MMO tech demo built by Mozilla and
It's basically an MMO that works in browsers and they've got this little kind of almost looks like a 16-bit MMO that they're
They can play and it actually will kind of work in any browser
I guess that supports HTML 5 and
They even have the full source available on github if you want to create your own MMO based off that
Which is pretty cool. And if you want to check it out, you can go to
Mozilla
Org
a future of MMOs possibly sounds like just another like
Yeah, I mean how many browser-based games do we have these days it's a lot
I think in the Ultima one that EA had but I mean something that runs in HTML 5 though
That would be compatible with you know, like iOS and stuff like that. Oh, I get where they're going with that then
Okay, like on mobile devices and stuff. It's not or like all games radio is compatible with HTML 5 and you can get on your
iDevice and all games.com
Yeah, so they're saying yeah, it's written in HTML 5 in JavaScript and can be played in Firefox Chrome Safari
with web sockets enabled also in Opera and
They say of course iOS devices and stuff like that
If you want to play the game, it's browserquest.mozilla.org is the URL to go on
Alright one more story for you guys
Then we're gonna get to the Twitter topics and the skype line at 1 8 7 7 game OLR first though this quick story here about
Zork sales remember Zork
That series was awesome. It was started as a bunch of text-based adventure games, but then turned into some PC CD-ROM games
I remember one of the first CD-ROM games that ever came out was return to Zork
But there's also Zork Grand Inquisitor Zork nemesis all these games came out and then of course the text adventure games Zork
Anthology Zork 1 through 3 beyond Zork Zork 0 all of these games are on sale right now at the website good old games
They're half off right now along with some other games such as Caesar 3
Vampire the Masquerade redemption and so forth
So yeah pretty cool if you're a Zork fan, and I remember oh god. I remember the accomplish 64 text adventure really well
That's when games were hard like you had to know exactly what to type into that game
Don't run out of matches or torches exactly you might get eaten by a grew
So if you want to get your grooves half off get your groove on
Dog.com
That's a much better April Fool's thing than what they did a few years ago with the whole
We're gonna shut down unless you get I don't remember what it was it was really terrible all right a how let's
get into some Twitter topics and
And we're gonna open the skype line right now because it's not open yet
And I should do that one eight seven seven game
olr or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio all one word and
And Skype is signing into the wrong account right now. That's really convenient isn't it?
You can call
And talk about whatever if you want to take it back to the Bahmani stuff
That's fine too since that was part of our fun
Tonight one eight seven seven game olr or again our username on Skype orange lounge
radio all one word
While we wait for some calls. Let's go to our Twitter twitter.com
Slash olr and see what tweets are in store for us
Gamer girl tweets us saying is PlayStation Plus really worth the money
I was thinking about getting a subscription, but I want to know if it's worth the money
I think I'm the only one that actually has PlayStation Plus here
I'll tell you this if you use your PlayStation a lot and especially if you buy from the store a lot then yes
There's you know so many discounts and things and a lot of freebies that you get with PlayStation as well
So if you think you'd kind of be into some of those freebies
You want to get like one arcade game every couple weeks or so?
I think it's a pretty good deal and getting journey early was really nice as well
so I think there's a lot of good stuff there, but
It really depends on how much you love your PlayStation meanwhile the phones are ringing
So let's go to the phones higher on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is ds lover. Hey, what's your name again?
ds lover ds lover what's on your mind I
not much and to
Talk about something that happened last night on the cartoon networks
I don't know if the rest of you and the rest of the anime community ever caught this but Konami was on instead usual
Adult swim bumpers yes, I I heard because I have a bunch of anime fans on my facebook
Who are flipping the fuck out that to nami was doing this? I guess usually there are years past. They've been showing the room
But they didn't do that this year
so yeah, and
to nami came back and
Hopefully this and I'm not
You know how I sent you guys that you know yeah, how you guys have written above a podcast it just pretty much kicked it
But well, I'm gonna steal that podcast name right here now
Games and more entertainment radio like they've just pretty much ceased
They're not doing anything anymore, and just like I mean like any news fix on the weekly basis. We're also still left
Well is that another yeah, is that another indie show or is that a corporate bat back show?
No, it's another indie show well
I don't I don't like to throw shade at the other indie shows because they all work hard at what they do
but everybody's got different preferences, so
yeah, and I
Will say here um you know with the factor that?
16th Empress beat me with the last one the ps2
Has anyone heard any announcements or the PlayStation 3 versions at all nope we kind of think that Konami may have just given up
On the whole damn series
Which is a darn shame because I think I think there's opportunity there for them to do like a massive collection on the PlayStation 3
But that would require them investing in another controller or at least a converter for the old ones
Which I would think would be easy to do, but I mean they don't want to do it
There are there are controller converters for the PlayStation 2 controllers. I mean they already work for the guitar hero stuff
I mean it shouldn't be that hard. I think they should be able to work on the beat me
a controller it's if anyone in the club would like to test that out
It's possibly not be willing to import there could be lag
I don't know especially with the music game lag could kill it
But I mean if they did it with the guitars and so forth and I don't see why it is impossible
But I think it's just an investment on Konami's part, and they have to know that the sales would be there
I'm kind of surprised
They wouldn't do something
Akin to what they did when 2d x7 style came out where they were like all right if a hundred thousand people pre-order it
Then we'll make it otherwise. We're not going to which is kind of the early if you think about it
That's like Kickstarter circa seven years ago, so maybe Konami needs a Kickstarter
Which is kind of sad because it's not like they're hurting that bad, but I I don't know
I they've got to see that the fans are there for 2dx to sell on the PlayStation 3 and then maybe they'll do it
But certainly in America beat mania didn't sell
Oh, yeah, and I think it was because the setlist was halfway the problem, and that's what I've heard from many
Imani fans of that place
But it's one of the problems on top of well. It's way too easy
Yeah, I think what they did that was very unfortunate is that they just waited too long
They were very naive that
Bemani fans wouldn't just import the game and play it over here
And I think a lot of people got there fixed that way so by the time they released a game here
It was old news to the Bemani fans
And it was too too obscure for regular people what if they were fucking serious about it what they should have done is release the
Games in parody they should have put out 2dx night style in Japan and then put it out over here
And maybe change whatever licenses you have to change, but keep every single Konami original so at least you got about 90%
The same game you know
Yeah, which is why I'm currently on the search
For you know something like bm 98 for the Macintosh or some of the equivalent because
I'm thinking about them to get one of those joy to to you for a one of those ps2 to usd
Adapters my computer just so I can play beat me yeah well
You're gonna get similar. You know what you need to do you need to write a letter to Konami
You need to say I am a concerned fan, and that's you know once Konami hears voices
But anything is possible at e3. I mean would it be cool if it may be the Wii U could become a controller somehow
Hey, what about Twitter? I'm sure it's well. They have a Twitter
Tweet them the money clear the body fans of the world tweet Konami to bring beat me to the ps3
It works with president
So we can import it all right all right well DS. What would DS fan? I gotta let you go and take more calls, but thanks to the call
Yeah, peace out and keep the shows rocking. We will buy
1 8 7 7 game olr us name on skype is orange launch right a tweet Konami tell them you are a concerned fan
Have they done at that I think they're still putting them out the arcades in Japan though right there's they just announced a test locating
Another one so it's weird. They're still doing it in arcades, but it's kind of like Konami is saying this only is working in arcades
It's not really working on home
It's weird
1 8 7 7 game olr username on Skype is orange lounge radio
Going to some Tweety tweets here dark Tetsuya says coming to the site this week
I've got something planned for the listeners to participate in so stay tuned
That doesn't sound like an April Fool's joke
Stay tuned
Moving on s2100 Matt tweets us
I know it's a video game show, but I played cards against humanity the card game
It's apples to apples, but M rated well
You've never heard of this now Loki have you of course and hunt tell so you you're very familiar with cards against humanity, right?
Yes, cards against humanity is very inappropriate apples apples a game. What makes it so great. Just its level of inappropriateness. Yes
All right
Going to watch dragon who tweets us mr.. Pandaria is great. Just finished the starting area. How did you get past?
All of those freaking pandas and some of those quests that must have taken a lot of patience
So the art styles neat though. I do like the way pandaria looks
It's cute if you want to see it later dark soccer
We can fire it up on the computer before you go peek sure be fun
All right going to some tweets from Tiger claw
1877 game olr or a username on Skype is orange laundry you tiger claw says why Soulcalibur 5 only had
1-4th of a full story mode I did feel like story mode and Soulcalibur 5 seemed to be lacking a little bit
But what happened was Soulcalibur 5 apparently it's an interview that was on train to game with the producer daishi odomasha
Odashima, sorry says the story mode shipped with the game was a fourth of what they had planned quote
Our first plan on the storyboard was that that we had every character story and actually we do have it in the studio
But time wise manpower wise we weren't able to do it and only one-fourth of what we plan to do is in the game
That was a dumb thing for them to admit. We could we can do it. If only we had the DLC
Yeah, that's why I'm thinking
I just think that was a dumb thing for them to say I mean they shouldn't I think they should have kept those cards closer
Or their chest sorry to say
But it did feel to me that story mode and Soulcalibur 5 was a little bit lacking
so
Tiger claw sends us another tweet Warhammer 40k dark millennium
It's going single-player because layoffs have hit relic and vigil more layoffs man. This is a bummer
So Warhammer 40k dark millennium. It's now a single-player action game
It will have multiplayer elements the president and CEO of thq Brian Farrell put out a press release
Saying quote as previously announced we have been actively looking for a business partner for the game as MMO
However based on changing market dynamics and the additional investment required to complete the game as an MMO
We believe the right direction for us is to shift the title from an MMO to a premium experience with single and multiplayer gameplay
robust digital content and community features so shit tons of DLC y'all
Actually
As
Much as it sucks that these studios got closed and so forth this makes sense
I think the MMO market is really volatile right now, and it's really tough to make a showing
I mean look at where Star Wars is at there
They've come the second best probably to getting Wow and even they're starting to lose some people who are getting kind of bored of the
game so
MMOs are hard to do
Phone calls are a lot easier to do we have a phone call coming in now higher on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's pork chop pork chop. What's on your mind, buddy? Hello?
Well, it's good
Did you start a talk about the whole Soul Calibur thing because I was really let down by that that pissed me off something serious
Pork chop, where are you from?
Ireland actually I could tell
Yeah, love it. You guys stay up late to listen to the show over there, so yeah
Well, I do yeah what wasn't that a dumb thing for them to say that they they purposely you know
They only finished a quarter of it. I was so pissed off
I mean I remember playing through the story mode okay, and it was it took me a day
I played it in one fucking day, and I played that I paid like
It'd be about what 40 or 50 euros something like that be about 50 60 dollars something like that in the exchange
I went and played that it took me like
To maybe not even an hour. I played it, and I said fuck this. I'm really disappointed
So what I did was I brought it back. I got Arkham City, and I was much happier
Thank God the creative character modes at least still fun and the fighting core game is still really fun
But yeah, the story mode was a little a little bit disappointing there, so right
I mean if you finish it in an hour. It's not worth buying for that price. I mean come on
I mean, I don't even buy full-price games anymore never mind anything like nowadays
I just look in GameStop for games that are like two to three years old
Like I just picked up Final Fantasy 13 for what six six years is oh god. It was cheap
You know I'm clapping yeah
I've been waiting ten years for an angry Irishman rant on this show and it had to happen on April Fool's Day
You should really see the look on Rob's face right now. He just looks like he's won the lottery
Yeah, well, I'm glad I can fulfill your fantasy or whatever the hell is going on. That was Rob's final fantasy
I mean full-price games nowadays really aren't worth it. That's that's the fact that a matter. I weigh it like for
Ages, so I just look at trawling through games
I'm looking at games that are really old and fucking nobody wants to play them anymore
They've gone down to like I got Duke Nukem forever. Sorry to tell you that
I had to play that because I was a fan back in the day
Oh
God like why not I mean I'm never gonna pay for the price for a game again
That's pretty much how I'm looking at it at this stage. Port Chop
Let me ask you this then and maybe I'm baiting you for another rant here
But it certainly begs worth asking when you kind of are sick of only buying these new games that are so expensive and so forth
How do you feel about this story?
We were talking about earlier that by the time the PlayStation 4 and whatever's next on Xbox are out or Orbis or whatever it's called
The used games aren't gonna happen. They're gonna block use games
Pain in the fucking ass. I mean I as I said I said in chapter
There was always I always favored hard copies over digital anyway
I mean I still buy CDs and I'm never gonna use iTunes or any of that shit
I'm still doing that to this day is like CDs are my vinyl in a way
So I'm just gonna keep doing that and pray to fuck that you know Sony can cop
I mean Steam's really successful. I kind of favor those guys because they aren't kind of overcharging the fans or anything me and my best friend
He kind of works in the industry
And he was telling me Steam are basically the daddy at this stage and they look to be like some sort of Messiah
So it's looking good on their end, but Sony are
Overcharging people way too fucking much as far as I'm concerned
Yeah
you know and
What's funny what you made me think about while you were talking about steam and the way that they're viewed in the industry
There was a rumor a couple weeks ago, or maybe even last week on this show about the whole steam box
And although Val was quick to shoot that down that that's not actually happening. You can't help but think holy shit
What if you have the PlayStation Orbis which doesn't play used games and you have the Xbox 360 or excuse me 720 or lube?
Or whatever it's called that doesn't play used games
And then you have the steam box
That will have all these sales all the time and what-have-you and kind of give the gamers
The value that they're looking for to pay for games. It could be a bloodbath
Yeah, I think while steam would definitely come out on top if you're gonna say that I mean, you know
The the offers to come out but like my friend actually showed me all of the receipts he had for the past
Couple of months and I looked at and I compared PlayStation store
I was like what the fuck am I doing with a ps3 if I can get all these games all the same games
Nearly every single title I have he had a receipt for and it was like oh god the sales that were on he picked up
Like 50 games within the space of three months and he taught it it up and he showed me that the end total
Which would have been if they weren't on sale was around
400 and I was like wow and he actually said I never paid that much for it and I was like, holy shit
I want a steam account
Fantastic, could that be a regional thing though? Because most of it here in the u.s. It seems like especially when new games come out
It's about the same you'd play on the PlayStation Network that you would on
You know steam or whatever getting it on PC part of me wonders if PlayStation doesn't jack up the price even more
overseas in other countries and maybe it's that that pain of the
Whatever you want to call it translation of the cost or whatever is
Is truly causing the difference I still see it wouldn't surprise me
I mean even he said like games in America are way cheaper. I mean as far as I know I think they are anyway
Yeah, it's it's true. I'm not gonna sound like I'm bragging but it's true when I see how much you guys pay
You know in in you know euros or whatever currency we're looking at over there. It's it's
It's pretty crazy how much you guys are paying for stuff over there that we are
We're paying like on average like 10 to 15 percent less. Oh, I'm sure no
I mean when you look at the exchange rate, you can see it that but even the prices
I'm sure like, you know you in in terms of you know denominations of notes or money with bills as you call them
You know, I'm sure you could pay
Use two 20s to buy a good handful of games. Whereas that wouldn't even get you
Well, they get you close to one which is fucking ridiculous
I mean Ireland apparently the the capital of Ireland Dublin is one of the most expensive cities in Europe at this stage
You know, so it's fucking ridiculous
and that's why I have to go wait a couple of years for these games to come out and I have to go looking and
I'll be like, okay. I'm two or three. I just finished Deus Ex and that's like year two years
I finished Assassin's Creed a couple of days ago or a couple of months ago, pardon me
And you know, I'm playing catch-up at this stage, but you know what? I don't care. I'm not paying full price. It's fucking ridiculous
As long as you've got fun stuff to play now anyway
That's that's it
I mean
I'll have a good I have a good collection as it is and I've kept some of the really old ones and
Hope to play through and buy the rest of the sequels in the next you do five five years something like that
You could spend your entire life playing classic games and be totally satisfied
I mean look at the classic game of the week segment we do here on olr. We've been doing yeah
I was actually pleased you actually brought up Street Fighter because I'm a big fan and I got the Capcom classics collection
I played the shit out of that. So yeah, thanks for bringing that up this
We started that episode what 250 because it replaced your website of the week that we used to do
So that was about 250 and now it's 452
So you've done at least covered at least 200 and then some classic games and I still have plenty to go still plenty to go
I mean if you there's a wall of shelves behind my desk at home
That is literally loaded with video games and that's not even all of it brag brag brag
Have you actually got through most of them or are you waiting to play through them and kind of use one as game of the
Week at some stage. We've we've actually gone through most of them
I mean a lot of the games that my husband and I picked up
Our games that we knew played when we were younger. He was a big Sega guy and I was a big Nintendo girl
So when we got together we both had those that you know
The love of our systems and brought them together
So we go back and now though we have like staples that we play but we'll pick up something every so often
Just because we've just had the biggest boner to play it like yeah
I went on a mad buzz about maybe two three years ago, and I decided fuck this. I have a dream cast
I'm gonna buy games for I got Jet Set Radio and Shenmue and I was like, okay, I don't regret this one
But I mean, I thought it was gonna be like oh god these games
Why did I buy these but I actually enjoyed them and I love play
I played them again and again and again every time I visit my mom's house where she keep all that
She keeps my old room and I have all the dreamcast. I still have some ps2 games in there
So it's like a little a little fucking
Hermit's cave where I go back and just play games for the weekend or whatever
I've been tempted to hook up the dreamcast because I actually want to finish grandia too
Wow, that's a fun RPG
Well pork chop. I have I have absolutely loved having you on the show because I love accents
So I appreciate you calling in but it's it's it's going over a little bit
So I got to wrap up to get some more calls. Do you quickly have any other final thoughts?
Just basically all I love the station. I love all games
I love orange lands dead picks a lot of that keep up the good work and I'll be listening and through the early hours all
The time we love you and if Derek's listening, I know he's gonna appreciate that shout-out
Cool. All right. Take care, buddy
Thanks guys all this. All right. Take care
Love it the international orange lounge radio and I'm even being asked in our chat room
I think I'm saying this name right delighter in our term says
Rob is very fond of the Irish. I take it. It's I get mistaken as Irish all the time
I can't do that red hair. Well, it's look at that that little get-up
I wore to whom loud with a hat and everything. I did look kind of Irish even I'll admit that I am actually by heritage
I am half Scottish. So I look very Scottish. Am I that means that you greet people by head-butting them
My real name is Dutch. So I have a little more in common with sill
girls gone Wow
Dutch ancestry you did your husband has a very it's funny that you have a Dutch name now
I have a Dutch name, but none of my blood kin are remotely Dutch. All right, we got another call on the line
So let's go to it. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Stan. Hey Stan, what's up, buddy? Hey, I was just calling about
This intimate evening with Nobuo Matsu that I had a couple nights ago. Wait. Wait now, we don't need to hear about your
romantic
That's actually the name. Well, that was the name of the little concert that he had. It was kind of dirty. Yeah, yeah. Shut up.
Hey, don't tell me to shut up. It's my show. All right. Yeah, okay
No, but it was just this really small concert with there was just 150 people
It was Nobuo Matsu and Arne Roth who's this conductor in Chicago and it had this string quartet playing
uh dark world from final fantasy 6 and this new string quartet arrangement of
Fight with Seymour from final fantasy 10 and it sounded really good and I really I was really excited about it
So, of course, I I had my phone on me and I tried, you know
Sneaking my my camera on and I recorded the whole concert and I tried
on YouTube
Actually that sounds like you know what it was no it was worth it
I'm, sorry, it was the piracy the jail time was where it is going to be worth it because it was so good
I need to know but you know what? No, well the when the the songs were done I turned around to see you know
You know people climbing and stuff and the people had their camera right in front of their face
They were being very obvious about us. I was like whatever I was gonna say
I don't feel bad anymore an intimate evening in cell block five with stan
Here's the thing though, uh, how did you get into this concert if it's only 150 people
Um, it was being advertised I don't remember where it was being advertised but a friend of mine posted this this link on facebook
And I saw it said intimate evening with nobel mozzo. I read the description about how there's a limited seating and you get this
There's a meet and greet. Actually. This is what happened with the what do you get with the concert you get?
Well, he came out arnie roth came out and introduced and said hi and everything
Then he had nobel mozzo came out and then the orchestra came and played and then you know
the orchestra came and played and then there was a
Q&A session and then the whole audience got to do a meet and greet
Yeah, that's what you got with the concert. It was actually really good. That's awesome. So you got to get stuff signed and everything too
Hello, did you get to get yes, I think
I got my 3ds signed by nobel and arnie. It's really cool. That's awesome
So I think there's there's a little bit of lag going on. Yes. Hold on, please. Nope. Oh
Anyway, okay. I'm sorry. Hello. That's it. Hi you with us
Yeah, i'm so sorry. I'm on my phone. Oh, that's all right. I didn't get I didn't get to do that test number thing
I couldn't remember it. It's all good echo one, two, three, but that's okay. You're cool. Uh, oh, yeah, that's right. Okay 3ds
So yeah, I got to meet you got your 3ds. Oh, yeah, he signed my 3ds. Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm. So now I got to take a picture with him
Oh cool, and then I asked
I asked arnie roth
If he would ever consider having an amateur musician sit down session
Reading the actual orchestral music being able to experience the orchestra feel by being inside it
By paying like a small fee and he was actually really interested in the idea. Well
That's what he told me, but it sounded really cool because I really wanted to play, you know, final fantasy music
In an orchestral setting with arnie roth and nobu playing or conducting. I figured that'd be really really cool
That sounds like a heck of an experience and there's obviously lots of band nerds who are video game
And I say that endearingly because I was a band nerd in high school
There's lots of band nerds and video game nerds
Uh that you know are kind of into both those worlds that I think would just get the ultimate kick out of that
But now i'm gonna have to ask you. What do you what do you play in the orchestra?
Oh, um, actually nothing I play saxophone
So I wouldn't even be able to do this. So does dark soccer
Dark soccer is a
So, well, you know even okay, here's the thing though, even if you couldn't uh play the final fantasy music as part of the jam
What you could do is when the time's right you could just be there in the back and you can just bust out with this
This
There you go do your nice be the epic sax guy
All right, sweet
beatbox guy
All right, stan i'm gonna have to let you go because the connection's a little bit shit, but that's not your fault
Don't worry about it. Uh, thank you for sharing your experience. Um, please share the pictures online on twitter's or something so we can see them
Yeah, you know i'll send you a link on facebook or something because that's the only place I have it right now
And I would like to see the bootlegs. I'd like to see the bootlegs very much
13 minutes. It's long. That's all right. It's okay. Cool. All right. All right, send it on over take
Take care. I think we're breaking up. Have a good one. Good night. Thank you. Bye. Bye
All right bummer about the connection, but hey it happens. What can you do? All right
Um, let's see if I can wrap up these twitter topics. I'm gonna go ahead and close skype for the night
Thank you guys so much for calling in. I really appreciate it
Sorry to those that didn't get through but uh, try again next week or of course you can always send us an email
Again, that's mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
Uh, oh shit, I was actually out of tweets. I guess I could do one more
I'll let tiger claw have one more because this is pretty good
Uh, so we'll do this other link from tiger claw here who sent us a link
Retired nfl players are getting the green light for a lawsuit against ea
Okay
Maybe you didn't hear but retired nfl players actually filed a lawsuit against ea
a california judge rejected ea's, uh
Case to have the whole thing dismissed. Um, they want to turn this into a class action lawsuit. So six thousand
Various retired players can be represented the alleged lawsuit here is that ea through ea sports brand used the likenesses
Without consent in multiple madden nfl games over the years
Ea says it was basically fair use and real names were never used
hmm
Uh ea's madden games though. They have a lot of historic teams that use stats attributes and other factors for fantasy players
They're close to the real life counterparts, but uh not exact
Or so ea claims
So I don't play these games. So it's hard for me to take an opinion on this one way or the other
But uh, the judge certainly felt they had a case so it could be very interesting to see how this plays out
That's it for our tweets tonight twitter.com
Olr, but that also brings us to the end of the show
Uh, but not before I ask for any last minute stories from loki or dark sakura. I'm good
Good meh. All right. Well shit. We're done then we're out. Let's uh do a last minute
Uh, let me do my last minute kind of plea here
We are of course a free show and uh, we do this every week for nothing
We don't charge you guys. We don't have ads in the show or ads on our website
All we ask is that you tell a friend or two or 50 about the show
Help us spread the word by leaving a nice review on a website such as itunes or wherever you found this podcast
Or help tell people and spread the word about olr because you'll help our little olr me grow and we really appreciate it
Um, let's go around and get everybody's final thought tonight loki. Why don't you start us off? I think it's ironic that
Volition or thq or saints rose, uh, april fool's show was for new new thing a dlc
That actually sounded cooler than a dlc that they put out
Uh, haha, if joke's on you your dlc sucked and I didn't buy the last two bits of it also read ready player one
You can do it. You won't you won't be able to put it down
Uh, my final thought for tonight is uh, i'm excited that it's taco night
Uh, because it's sure to be better than that shit taco. I had at chevy's on monday
Just saying that was a pretty who puts fucking mayonnaise on a taco what?
Right
Right. It was cilantro mayonnaise is gross hated it
Dark sakura, how about your final thought?
um
I really have to give uh
the uh
April fool's award to uh google
For google quest. Yeah, we didn't even bring that up tonight, but that was amazing
That was great. And I love the little commercial blowing in the cartridge and everything
I loved the easter eggs of like the little landmarks being and there's a whole list on reddit of like all the different
Hidden landmarks. It's great
I loved it. They used all the dragon quest art in it. Yeah, it was awesome and um
the youtube collection
Oh, yes, I saw that. That was great
All right. Well, that's it guys. Thank you so much for tuning in to orange laundry
We'll be back another week and next week. It won't be april fools anymore
So it'll be a little more serious
But uh, we can still be a little silly tonight, right?
Have a good night
That does it for another episode of orange lounge radio live
Orange lounge radio live is an orange lounge radio production
for more information about our station visit our website at
www.orangeloungeloungeradio.com and now here is your fortune cookie message of the day
Duh, god damn
Ow my foot. Why did I shoot myself in my foot? Oh my god, it hurts so bad
No my foot I need that for walking
Somebody once told me what having a baby felt like giving birth sucks and i'm never going to do it
Wait, that's why they cut open your stomach and pull the damn kid out. It's just like what the hell's the point?
It's like trying to shove a piano through a door when there's a perfectly good window right there
I mean
I don't see the point
And that's why men will never have babies the genius of loki on orange lounge radio
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week
