Tonight, April 29, 2012, the release date leaks for one big game this fall, Nintendo
will bring retail digital downloads to the Wii U, and could Microsoft be planning another
music service?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to the show where every gamer
has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live as we are every week at VOG Network, vognetwork.com, six o'clock Pacific, nine
o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
You can join us in our chat room at vognetwork.com.
I'll be talking more about the chat and some of those changes in just a minute, but my
name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video
games and lols.
With my co-host, say hello to the one and only, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Voggy.
Wait a minute, this isn't a station about volcanic fog.
Wikipedia told me vog is volcanic fog.
What is this?
Wikipedia is wrong.
Alright, also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm full.
You're full, full of crap.
That's the same joke I made with her last week.
I just ate a big pizza.
I just ate some dried okra.
And I have breadsticks staring at me, but I can't, I can literally not fit any more
into my stomach.
So some things never change.
Some things change, but some things never change.
So I am getting hungry, but just looking at those breadsticks is making me hungry.
Alright, so before we get into our gaming weeks, let's talk about the big obvious thing
that's out there.
We weren't able to talk about it last week because we were trying to transition from
the old network to our new network.
And we're not bitches.
Which is VOG.
And if you haven't heard, it's all over now, Geek-Life.com.
Big thank you to Geek Life, by the way, for doing this for us.
Broke the exclusive late last night that the new network that we were starting with Bobby
and Understation Live will also be a part of in its inaugural phase is called VOG, or
the Voice of Geeks Network.
You know, so you can call it Voice of Geeks Network if you want, but ultimately when you
think of VOG, you won't think of volcanoes anymore, you'll think about our network or
the Voice of Geeks Network, which is expanding a little bit, just like when Orange Lounge
Radio, remember Orange Lounge Radio was a station when it first started.
So in some ways this is going back to those roots a little bit, but so much bigger now.
Our eyes are...
We started over.
That's right.
We are starting over.
You know, it's not just about Bomani, it's not just about games, it's about all things
geek is what this station is all about.
And you know, that's going to be reflected in the playlist, that's going to be reflected
in, you know, the shows that you're going to hear on the network, and most importantly,
it's not just a radio network.
The VOG network is going to be a whole website that has other things as well, forums and
you know, other ways to interact with folks and some really exciting maybe meta games.
I don't want to spoil too much, but just say there's great things in store for VOG.
The site that you see there now at vognetwork.com, kind of a temporary, what we call the phase
one, so that you guys have a way to continue to listen to us.
And so that way our shows aren't interrupted at all, but the later phases are going to
bring more.
More shows to the radio network, more things to see and do on the website.
It's going to be great.
So going to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's see, who do I give the first chat comment to tonight?
I'm going to give it to Hecht, who calls VOG the voice of God network.
No, that's a whole other network.
That might be, you know, got to go through the religious programming to get that.
And if you pay us $50,000, you'll be guaranteed a place in heaven.
Speaking of chat, we're saying goodbye to our old chat room, which was at chat.orangeloungeradio.com,
and it was Channel Orange Lounge on IRC.
We're saying goodbye to that.
And I know some people are like, I don't like change, why do things have to change?
But we wanted to, you know, for a long time when we were at our old home, we had one chat
room, they had another, and things always felt really disconnected.
And it was a little weird.
So we wanted to make sure this time we did it right, and we merge into the general network
chat room.
Especially the fact that the shows that are all starting this network have a lot of listener
overlap anyway.
It really made sense to kind of have a central home or a hub for that.
So our new chat room is Channel VOG.
It's still on the game search network, and if you want to join it really easy using the
Java or whatever, the chat client online, just go to vognetwork.com.
It's like, you can't miss it.
It's right in front of your face.
It's like the biggest thing on the page right now, vognetwork.com, and you will see the
chat.
You don't have to use vognetwork.com to listen to the station.
You have little things that you can copy paste into Winamp and mobile phones and all that.
That is going to be developing all through the coming weeks.
I do want to put this out there for the podcast listeners.
Those that are listening on the podcast, nothing's changed for them.
They're just like, oh, hey, another week, another show.
Here it is.
It sounds the same as it always has, and that's the intention.
It's not supposed to sound any different to you guys.
If you do happen to visit VOG Network during the week, keep in mind we don't have the stream
up 24-7 yet.
That is part of phase two that's going to be implemented within the next couple weeks.
It's going to be fast.
I just don't want you to be surprised if you go to vognetwork.com and it's not Saturday
night or Sunday night, because Saturday is when another station live is on, Sunday is
when we're on with Bobby, you're not going to hear anything.
That's going to be that way for a couple weeks.
We're slowly expanding with the network.
I'm so excited.
It's great.
Sitting at the driver's wheel, being part of having created this, getting to steer this
site in the direction we want to take it for geeks everywhere, and giving everybody a voice
through radio shows, through feature articles, through forums.
It's going to be awesome.
So excited.
All right, so anyhow, let's get back into video games and talk about our gaming week
and so forth, and the stuff we've been playing in the gaming world this week.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
I ain't played shit.
No, I'm kidding.
What?
Well, and then I reformatted my hard drive and installed Windows 7, only to find out
that I'm missing my entire iTunes collection from about S down, including my ringtones
directory.
So I've lost most of the ringtones that I've made, including my Doctor Who theme from season
10, which makes me irritated beyond all belief.
Well, this is the interweb.
Surely you can find that in a heartbeat.
I made that one.
And the VoG network probably has it in the upcoming playlist.
For anyone who I've ever sent those ringtones to, just send them back to me, please.
So I played some WoW.
I've finally gotten the beta.
Well, I mean, I had the beta key, I just wasn't beta-ing.
Now I am beta-ing.
I've made a panda named Sakurina.
Every time I try to play my 85s that I transferred over, the game crashes on me.
Oops.
So yeah.
And then we were loaned the Tekken Street Fighter poop game, because my friend bought
it on PS3 and promptly said, this is broken, and loaned it to us.
He said, you can play it, I hate it.
So we were going to play it, but things have been busy with me trying to do everything.
And Tigerclaw, I backed up my entire iTunes directory, let it finish, double-checked it,
and somehow half of it was still missing.
So shut up.
You're so nice.
I know.
I'm a wonderful person.
By the way, Tigerclaw had suggested that this is why I make a backup of my entire iTunes
library on a second hard drive.
That's what I did.
So anyway, at any rate, it's just been me trying to play catch-up and working, and I
have two more weeks of school.
Then I'm going to Disneyland.
Oh.
Oh, congrats.
I wish I could go, but I don't think it's going to work out, just with everything else
going on.
Yeah.
Okay.
LOL, bye.
Bye.
You want to feature me for me?
Yeah, we can talk about that offline.
Why not?
All right.
Techmaster Loki, how was your gaming week?
What'd you do?
I played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
That's pretty much it.
Leveled up to 80 offline through some grinding with split-screen Surge and Destroy, which
is a lot faster than the way I was trying to do it.
So we did that, and it's sort of cheating, but who cares?
We're playing offline, so it doesn't matter.
So yeah, that's pretty much all I've played, and then I've been continuing, because I had
started it, god, months ago, but I have been continuing on working on my full-size Papercraft
model of a Portal turret that's about three and a half feet tall, when it will be three
and a half feet tall when it's done.
So I posted a picture in the chat room.
What I have done so far is pretty much the two shells of the actual body minus the gun
doors on there, because those are actually separate pieces, and you can actually make
it with the guns, but I'm not.
I'm just going to keep the doors shut.
Makes it easier.
By the way, we probably should get Rama to put that to the Tumblr, so the podcast listeners
can see this thing that you're building.
We can do it.
All right.
What made you decide you wanted to build this?
Because you can't.
I've known you how long.
Because you can.
You're like, challenge?
Challenge accepted!
It's because it's the cheapest way to get in.
How can I annoy my wife this month?
It's not annoying.
It was actually, this was the cheapest way to go.
This is one of the least annoying projects, I'm sure.
It's just cutting paper.
I mean, it's actually, I think it's cost me so far like 20 bucks, and that's only because
I bought the wrong thickness paper at one point.
But it's just like card stock with glue, the special glue because it's quick drying and
works great.
And then just an X-Acto blade and stuff, but it's coming out pretty well.
The only thing is, once I'm done putting it together, I've got to spray it because it's
got lines all over the place, and then once I'm done spraying it, I have to possibly add
a laser and voice to it as well.
And then you should sell it for a lot of money on Etsy.
No!
It's going to my desk!
And it's not going to be just a regular Portal turret.
It's going to be the, what is it, the one from Portal 2 that you save.
Excuse me, excuse me!
No, that sounds awesome.
I can't wait to see the finished product.
I know you'll bring it to the show.
I will bring it to the show.
I know you will.
It'll be great.
So that whole video content we want to add to VOG eventually, there'll just be a static
camera pointing at your Portal gun.
Sounds good.
Very ominous.
Alright, so my gaming week.
I wish, I was reading some of the comments in chat room, and earlier somebody had brought
up Phantasy Star Online 2, and the whole beta that's going on.
I wish I was playing that, but I guess it's only in Japanese right now, which stinks.
I really want to check that out at some point.
I've had a lot of friends beta testing MMOs this week.
Guild Wars 2 apparently has got their thing going on for people that pre-purchased the
game.
Like, if you already gave them your money, you get to play the game a little early.
It's like an open beta test.
I was going to say, isn't it coming out soon?
Yeah, it's pretty soon.
I am interested in the game, and for those that remember Irene, she used to go by Rice
Princess years ago on this show.
If you remember Irene, she's really into Guild Wars, especially this new one, and she says
the PVP is awesome.
So I'm curious to check that out.
Xtaphir from Hoard House has been playing Terra, which is apparently pretty good.
You can make some very fancy pants looking characters in Terra, so I want to check that
out too, because the graphics in that look really good.
But the MMO that's been taking up my week is of course World of Warcraft.
Hello, what else?
But I have been playing some offline games as well on the Xbox 360, and again, note the
day, note the time, other big news besides the new network.
I didn't just beat one game this year, you guys.
I beat two games this year!
Applause, please.
Good job.
Thank you.
Good job.
So Mass Effect, right, and the new game I beat, Mass Effect 2.
Congratulations, your freight train of soon or intimate disappointment is full speed ahead.
Here's my quote for you.
Yeah, thank you, thank you.
So of course, the other day, I think that was what, probably Monday?
But Rob, when are you going to beat a game that came out this year?
Well, well, smartass, I just started Mass Effect 3!
Go figure, it was on sale for 40 bucks a couple weeks ago, so I picked up a copy of Mass Effect
3, so I had it ready to go, and away I went.
So I've been playing that a little bit, and I gotta say, just like some things, some little
things changed from Mass Effect 1 to Mass Effect 2, more things changed from Mass Effect
3, and I'm really loving it.
Oh my gosh, the story is great, there's much more direct tie-ins to what, like, you see
much more impact from what happened in Game 2, in Game 3, than you really saw between
1 and 2.
It's like they perfected that a little bit, and thankfully, since I say, I may or may
not have had my boyfriend walk me through the final sequence of Part 2, so that way
everybody would stay alive so I could see them in Part 3, so it's really cool getting
to run into everybody and see them in Part 3, and, you know, just the combat is so much
better.
Like, even though they didn't really change a lot, like it's still, you know, you have
your guns and use your powers, everything just feels more fluid, like I can't explain
it, like, and just the graphics are up a notch, it's great, I'm having such a good time with
3.
And, here's the crazy part, I'm playing multiplayer, because Mass Effect 3 has a whole multiplayer
thing online that you can go in, and it's basically, it's all co-op, it's not competitive,
you basically do these 4-player co-op matches, and, you know, it's not, it's not as rich
and as full as the main game, but you know that whole thing that apparently every game
has to have multiplayer these days, especially if you're EA, right?
So, Mass Effect now has this multiplayer mode, and it's basically 4-player co-op surviving
10 waves on a map, and it's 10 waves of enemies, but that could be, you know, little enemies,
big enemies, it could be hold a point on the map for a minute, it could be go find the
different markers on the map and activate the beacons or whatever, within a certain
amount of time, there are little modes that they put in it.
But the fact that it's co-op makes it really interesting.
Now, so I've said a lot of great things about Mass Effect 3, right, and I really do truly
love this game, and even if the ending blows ass, which I'm fully expecting it to, I've
already been set up for disappointment, the experience of getting there is fine, like
I feel like, especially because I bought it on sale, it's been money well spent.
By the way, even though I bought these games on sale, I bought every single DLC, well every
single like story DLC for part 2, and I beat all of those as well, Shadow Broker, Arrival,
Overlord, Kasumi, Zaid, I played all of it, so yeah, and that was a very important thing
I had to do before I started 3.
So, speaking of online and DLC, here's my problem with Mass Effect 3, and this is a
big problem, and this is my, this is why I'm going to be hesitant to give this my game
of the year, extremely hesitant to give this my game of the year award, and it's basically
the blatant money grab the EA is going for with this.
In multiplayer, you don't level the same character that you level in single player.
You level your character in multiplayer, and the way you do that is that you earn credits
with every map that you do.
The more waves you survive, the more you contribute, the more credits you get, and if you manage
to make it all the way to the end and get airlifted out, you get a lot of credits.
And you use the credits to buy little boxes that are akin to like a Magic the Gathering
booster pack.
You can buy a cheapy box for 5,000 that'll have cheapy stuff in it, you can buy a slightly
better box for 20,000 credits that has, you know, better stuff and are rare, and then
you can buy like a jumbo box for 60,000 that has like super rare or whatever in it, I'm
kind of paraphrasing here.
But where am I going with this?
Not only can you buy the boxes with in-game credits, but you can buy the boxes with Microsoft
points, and I'm assuming on the PlayStation 3 you can buy it with, you know, PlayStation
store dollars, and on the PC I'm sure you can tap into their EA network and buy them
as well.
So, in other words, you can use money to get ahead in the game.
And the other thing that's a little bit irritating with that is that if you want the A-plus best
way to get through the game, you really have to play multiplayer, because multiplayer ties
into this event called Galactic Readiness that starts at half, 50%.
The more you play multiplayer, the more the Galactic Readiness goes up.
Technically, you can get the best ending if you did everything perfect in Mass Effect
1, everything perfect in Mass Effect 2, like you'd have to use a guide online to do it.
You would absolutely have to use a guide online in order to be able to do it and never touch
multiplayer.
So, in other words, if you want the best ending, which as I understand there isn't that big
of a difference anyway between them, but by the time the DLC comes out maybe that'll change.
If you want the best in single player, you have to play multiplayer, and real money gives
you the edge in order to kind of get there as fast as possible, because they didn't already
take your money when you bought the game.
It makes me not want to play.
It's kind of shitty.
And that EA, that's why you make gamers so angry that they rigged that poll to go vote
you the worst company in America whether you deserved it or not.
That's the problem.
And I think it needs to be called out, because guess what, gaming industry?
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You don't get to charge people that type of money for a game up front and the additional
DLC and then charge the money for Pokemon packs.
And I know what you're saying.
Well, if you don't like it, then don't buy it.
Rob, it's only gonna get worse.
I know.
I mean, we're gonna get into it later, but we've already gotten a glimpse of the future
and it's only gonna get worse.
AcidicVampire in chat says, yes, but Rob, buying them with money is just an option.
If you beat them multiplayer on silver and gold, you will be swimming in credits.
And I understand that.
But there's some people that aren't gonna wanna play multiplayer that are gonna be tempted
to do that to give them an edge.
Why?
Because it ultimately does affect single player.
And I think that's a very...
I hate multiplayer.
See, that's a poor decision.
That was a...
I don't...
Any way you slice it, having the multiplayer tie in that close to single player was a poor
decision.
I really don't wanna play it now.
I mean, honestly, it just has deflated any desire how to play it.
Well, I think you're robbing yourself of what is otherwise an excellent story and an excellent
game.
To be honest, I mean...
I hate multiplayer games.
Unless they're in the house with me.
Technically, you don't have to play multiplayer, you just won't get the best ending.
Exactly.
Well, even the best ending, it doesn't even matter, because you can actually play multiplayer.
Well, you wouldn't have to buy those packs necessarily to get the experience that you
need.
But like, I mean, there's some other games, Saints Row the Third, that just have really
shitty DLC that they put out at a really expensive amount of money just so that you get more
content to the game and it's just terrible.
It's only like 30 minutes.
Or, hey, we're teasing that there's a character that you love that we decided, hey, we're
gonna fuck you guys up and kill him in the very beginning of the game.
Oh, but he's gonna come back, but not really.
But we're gonna tell you that he's coming back so that you buy this $7 piece of crap.
Tiger Claw in our chatroom says, you don't need to play multiplayer to get the best ending.
There's an app you can download on your iPhone or iPad that will help increase the galactic
readiness rating.
All right.
I was not aware of that.
And Tiger Claw does say the app is free.
Okay.
That makes me feel a little better.
I didn't know that up front, so I apologize.
However, my point about the whole nickel and diming and you don't get to make your game
a free-to-play Facebook game and charge 60 bucks for it point still stands.
Like you're allowing people to buy a competitive edge when it leaves a very bad taste in my
mouth.
Yeah.
Defend Mass Effect all you want.
I still say it's a great game, great story, awesome characters, wonderful gameplay, but
this is a shitty choice.
All right.
I'm looking at this app now.
Take your galaxy with you wherever you go.
Okay.
You know, the galaxy is in Orion's ball.
A City Vampire also says technically you could play the multiplayer by yourself to up the
galactic readiness.
Yeah.
But I did two player, which is me and Shane yesterday.
And we survived a wave three and we were really excited that we got that far.
Yes.
So I misquoted that it's the galaxy is in Orion's belt.
It's been a while since I saw him in black.
All right.
So, so all that bitching aside, Mass Effect three is still going to be one of the year's
best games.
I just think I, I'm, I'm side IEA.
I'm looking at UEA.
This is a shitty choice.
If game designers continue to go down this path, this is what's going to cause the next
game crash watch this and the no use thing and everything.
All these other money grabs gaming companies are trying to do in this economy is going
to take it.
This is money grabbing light.
Okay.
This is nothing compared to some of the crap that they're pulling right now.
I mean, Skylanders, Skylanders.
I'm telling you right there, that right there is seriously the tiny pebble that is rolling
down the hill.
That's going to, you know, turn into this giant snowball that will kill the industry.
That right there, that one game, because it was successful because idiots bought these
stupid toys.
That is what's going to fucking ruin this industry and you think DLC is bad now.
Oh, you have not seen anything yet.
By the way, I downloaded the app.
And I want to point out, you did just say in chat, the app has restored your desire
to play it.
Just to make that clear for listeners, knowing that there is a free option makes you feel
a little better.
Well, and on top of that too, I mean, I just started, I finished my first month of my job
and I have two weeks left of school.
So really I've had no concentration.
What is this real life stuff I'm hearing?
Excuse me.
I'm just kidding.
Video games are how to escape all that.
Bitch please.
When the job that you work requires your brain and then you have to use your brain some more,
the brain does not have much juice left to think about multiplayer and, and shooting
things.
And I don't even ever want to play.
Wow.
So.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, that's it for my gaming week.
Really massive victory.
Oh no, I guess I should give one other little shout out quick, quick one guys.
Quick one.
And then we can get into the news.
Um, I will say quickly.
I watched a friend of mine last night play silent Hill downpour, which is the new silent
Hill game.
I went to a friend's house to watch and play it.
It was all right.
Like the graphics were really good.
The graphics are really good.
There were some things about it that made me laugh.
Like in the very opening sequence, there's this guy you have to kill and like you stab
him with a knife in the, in his back literally.
And he's running around the room that you're in.
And the way that he's running is so hilariously bad.
You can't help but like face Palm and go, Oh God, Konami, what have you done?
Uh, there's a lot of, I mean, I, you can't judge the whole game based off that one like
silly part, you know, otherwise, and plus I didn't really spend quality time with it
and I wasn't the one playing, but look and ambience aside, it is, it does seem like there's
a lot, they got right.
Like there were some, Oh shit moments, like there's a part where he's walking across this
fallen tree that like, you know, he might fall at any minute and then he like a twig
snaps off the tree and goes plummeting down, you know, cheap ass scares like that, that
you come to love out of, you know, playing these scary video games.
There are some cool little things like that.
So I didn't play enough of the game to really tell you if it's worth it or not, but I will
tell you, my friend seems to be enjoying it.
You know, it's not silent Hill two or silent Hill three, but let's be real.
It, nothing ever will be shit silent Hill two and three that just came out last month
isn't silent Hill two and three anymore.
So if you can let that go, I think this is a pretty decent game from what I understand.
It actually did occur to me.
There was some other gaming that went on at my house, Dan playing through, um, Gradius
three.
Yeah.
And me failing miserably at our type, just saying.
Sorry to hear that.
Sorry to hear that just because I wanted to hear the level one music and then when I'm
done with level one, it's kind of like, I don't want to play anymore.
All right.
Uh, go to our chat room at vog network.com if you want to join us as we are live on this
Sunday evening as we will be every week from here on out at the vog network, vog network.com
Uh, looking through some comments in chat, zither says, I heard the silent Hill HD collection
sucks.
Yeah.
I heard that too.
Uh, it did suck.
Um, unfortunately like something about the, I mean, I haven't played it myself, but just
what I'm reading isn't good.
Apparently next gen consoles can't handle last gen fog.
That's ridiculous.
Downpour.
I watched played on a PS three and it had plenty of fog.
And here's the thing is if you can't render the fog, then why bother releasing the game?
It's like if you can't create, uh, an emulator or whatever to run the old code, then don't
do it.
Just don't release a broken game.
Uh, stand in our chat room asks, how was the music?
Because as you know, Akira Yomoka is no longer with Konami, so he has nothing to do with
these games now, which, you know, some say is, is the reason why they're, they're not
so good anymore.
Uh, the music was composed by, I think his name is Daniel Licht and he does the music
for Dexter.
Um, it, the, the parts that I heard again in my limited, uh, viewing was, um, decent
enough.
It was enough of a cop drama TV show mixed with some of the little themes, like the little,
that little thing that you hear in the beginning, a little mandolin or whatever.
Like it's, it's enough of those kind of mixed together as the elements.
But again, if you're going to go into the game going, the music, I just know nothing
is going to compare to Akira Yomoka.
This game is never going to compare to Akira Yomoka.
If you're not willing to take those blinders off and go, okay, it's a new game.
Let's just deal with what it is.
I think you're just going to set yourself up for disappointment.
So just kind of want to throw that out there.
Uh, Nietzsche in our chat room says, is the original Silent Hill still playable or is
it painful to play through?
Got a free copy through PlayStation Plus.
Yeah, don't forget it is, is free on PlayStation Plus.
I need to grab it myself.
Um, that is a direct port of the PlayStation one game.
So as I understand, everything should be fine.
It's not going to be up rezzed or any of that stuff besides the very, very, very basic like
texture smoothing and some of the things that the PlayStation three will do to PS one classics.
Um, otherwise you're getting a pretty legitimate experience as long as you're willing to play
a game with 1997 graphics, then you'll be all right.
You know, just keep that in mind.
It was the games getting to be almost 15 years old.
So all right, um, that's it with our gaming weeks.
Let's move on into some housekeeping.
Of course you can still find us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R we are on Facebook
as well.
Facebook.com slash orange lounge.
I do want to throw out there though, please follow our new network, the VOG networks.
You can stay tuned to all the changes that are going on.
Twitter.com slash VOG network is where you can follow the new network and it's also on
Facebook, facebook.com slash VOG network.
Orange lounge radio is also on Google plus search for us there.
VOG's not there yet, but it will be.
Um, and um, I think that's, I think that's it for all the plugs.
Please help spread the word about the new network.
We so can't wait.
And I again really want to thank the folks at geek-life.com for all the work they did
in promoting today's launch.
Go visit their website and click on ads.
It would go a long way.
Thank you much.
All right, let's move on.
Let's um, get into some gaming news this week.
Loki start off.
So Sony is not one to be outdone by Nintendo in the form of, you know, uh, mascot character
battle royale deathmatch or whatever.
Um, so now they have the PlayStation all stars battle royale, which is coming to the PlayStation
three.
Uh, this year, I wish it was coming together.
That'd be kind of cool.
But um, it's being developed by super bot and it features characters from all sorts
of different places and franchises, new and old, including, um, Parappa the rapper was
in there.
That was kind of cool.
Um, Kratos, he did study Kung Fu punch.
It's all in the mind and they actually took that into account.
So he does have some Kung Fu moves that he uses.
So well, he damn well better actually Parappa's lethal move is he gives you the most bitch
and paper cut you've ever had in your life.
That's what he does.
Uh, but of course, you know, the Sly Cooper is in there, um, fat princess, um, and also,
you know, some other characters that are mentioning that, you know, obviously Cole from Infamous
is probably going to be in there and they're going to have some characters from resistance
and all sorts of different things.
Um, and it looks extremely like, you know, I'm trying to think of other big Sony products
so they could bring in this game, obviously, uh, absolute, uh, the cart, little cart dudes
from ModNation racers.
Um, maybe.
I don't know.
I don't think about the cast of the tester.
Should we call Oscar to see if they did any sweet tooth was going to be in there.
Um, now one of the things I did like about, um, the game that they kind of showed in the
trailers since this whole thing is kind of like this matte mashup thing they have like
in the background, kind of like two different worlds clashing at the same time.
So like for example, they'll have, um, uh, it was actually really cool.
They had, I think one of the demons.
I want Hades from, um, God of war was actually attacking, um, the Pat upon.
So that was kind of cool.
They had that kind of going on there.
There was one I saw, it was little big planets world kind of, um, crossed with, uh, what
the fuck is their dam, uh, buzz, the, the buzz game, like the quiz show thing.
Oh yeah.
Buzz.
Yeah.
So a host dude.
Yeah.
So I'm wondering if he's a character or something, but, uh, it was interesting, but the gameplay
itself looks exactly like smash brothers.
Exactly like smash brothers.
Have the, have the creators addressed that gigantic pink elephant in the room that, Hey,
your game looks really damn familiar.
I think I've seen this somewhere before.
No.
Um, it doesn't seem like they have, I mean, it's going to play a little bit different,
but damn, does it look like smash brothers?
Well, here, here's the question.
I mean, is it okay what they're doing because you know, I kind of go, well, they're, they're
there's several different basketball games that come out and there's all these dance
games.
It's just like fighting games.
I mean, all the fighting games, I mean, are pretty similar, right?
So there's, I think enough different with it that it'll be, you know, its own thing,
but I don't know.
It's just, it, it obviously it's getting one of the things that people are gonna think
of him as like, wow, this really looks like smashers.
No, that could be good or bad.
I don't know.
So did people, you know, call out smash brothers for being like, you know, for having the four
player thing like power stone.
I mean, even the power stone was, you know, full layout.
It was, you know, and not the, the semi 2d, um, zither in the chat room says Nintendo
should Sue, but Ross TLUT in our chat room at vognetwork.com follows that up with well,
but hold on because you know, um, smash brothers wasn't really the first game to do it either.
And links to a game called the out foxies, which I don't remember this game at all, but
certainly, you know, certainly there's probably older games in the past that were similar.
I remember playing one on the DS that was very similar.
I guess that would be after smash brothers in the 64 that was a, the top Trump's or not
top Trump's.
It's a, the, it was all the, um, it was like, yeah, it was like, uh, yeah, like snake from
metal gear was in it and all this, I played it at a comic convention once there was a
game on the DS.
It was total like, just like it and it, it existed and I'm looking at, it was a shonen
jump game.
That's what it was.
It was something really boring.
Uh, no Trump's is a card game.
I understand that, but it was shown in jump.
Uh, it was their game that they had, uh, Bob coffee in our term says smash for N 64 came
out before power stone.
If I recall, that is true.
That is true.
Jump and power, power stone actually was full on 3d rotational, everything.
Uh, several folks in our chat room, all jumping in there, jump all stars is the game I'm trying
to think of.
Yeah.
So you know, this type of thing.
And there was the Ninja turtles game on game cube.
There's been some other kind of inspired, heavily inspired, shall we say by smash brothers?
I got to say as much as I kind of chuckle at this game being, you know, heavily inspired,
shall we say about what Nintendo's got going on?
I want to play it.
It looks pretty cool.
I love the fact that it'll be HD and it's going to get online, right?
That's one place.
I mean, I guess smash brothers, you know, melee did as well as it could with the online,
but I'm, I'm thinking that this has got to be coming out for the, uh, the Vita.
I mean, it would be, I would think it would be a mistake not to put it on the Vita, especially
it's, it's something, although, although, um, maybe the reason it's not coming on the
Vita is because they really have issues with doing network play.
You know, it's like, well, well you can do it via wifi or you can do this asynchronous
multiplayer bullshit.
Doesn't street fighter cross Tekken, isn't that going to be PS3 and Vita?
Like you can, well, it is going to be, yeah, but I mean, you know, Capcom's had more experience
working on the PlayStation three.
That's why they couldn't, you know, add certain features to the Xbox version.
Shadow next gen in our chat says, sky, this is a PS3 game.
There's no guarantee that online will be done right.
That may be true, but I'm sorry I give Sony more credit than I give Nintendo when it comes
to doing online, right?
Yeah, I would trust them with online better than granted.
Smash Brothers Melee probably did a hell of a lot better than any other Nintendo game
before it, as far as online goes, but keep in mind, Nintendo had that whole friend code
garbage you had to work with, you know, so that didn't make anything fun.
So, um, all right.
So anyhow, again, if you want to join our chat room, vog network.com, meanwhile, let's
go to some other gaming news.
Uh, this is a little bit of a surprise or, and it's not because it's always about patents.
You know, patent, I get the sense that patent laws in this country are, are going to be
headed somewhere different soon, especially you hear, there's just so much in the news
about like what?
Twitter was a Twitter.
So one of them acquired all these patents and said that they're only using them defensively.
They don't plan to use ever like sue for patent or whatever.
And then you have Facebook suing Yahoo and Yahoo suing Facebook and all this stuff over
patents.
I mean the, the money that's getting sucked away into all this is just amazing.
And here we have another result of the whole patent warfare.
The Xbox 360 has been found infringing on four patents that were owned by Motorola.
Uh, according to the website, the verge, the patents that were in question deal with the
video codec, the H two 64, um, that is also going on with some other legal proceedings
with Microsoft and Motorola right now.
The other two are about wifi technology.
There's also a fifth patent about communication between the Xbox and its accessories.
However, one of the wifi patents was found not infringed and one claim regarding one
of the video patents was invalid, but some were found to be valid.
So Microsoft is seeking to force a Motorola to license its standard patents under more
fair and reasonable terms, but this original ruling by the judge is a bit of a blow on
Microsoft's efforts.
However, as most things in the legal system appeal, appeal, appeal, and the appeal step
is a panel of six judges.
I want to say that they're also suing, I want to say that they're suing Apple too.
It, um, it was some other big company, um, that Motorola was going after.
I want to say, I think it was Apple when Zethur and Motorola used to make Apple's processors.
All the tech companies have helped each other and then stab each other in the back.
It's it's, it's crazy.
Zethur in her terms is patent trolling.
Basically I reserve the term patent troll for a company that exists to do nothing but
this.
Um, and, but you're talking Motorola and Microsoft, you know, they're both really big companies.
Motorola makes lots of phones.
I don't know if I call them a patent troll.
This is just patent warfare.
This is very similar to what you see going on with Yahoo and Facebook.
You know, Yahoo hasn't been doing so well lately because you know, back in the early
days of the web, Yahoo was kind of like the king of search engines.
It was a big directory everybody used and uh, you know, they, they, they've survived.
They kept up with water.
And it is Apple by the way, they've tried to become a bit of a portal.
They have their Yahoo mail, but they haven't really been able to like break through like,
you know, Google kind of stomped on it and so forth.
I still use Yahoo here and there.
They're a good portal, but they're struggling and they've had to lay a lot of people off.
So what did Yahoo do?
They sued Facebook over 10 patents that Yahoo had and a lot of it tied into, I think the
my Yahoo that they tried to develop that has a lot of aggregate feed type stuff that Facebook
also does to kind of put it in a nutshell.
Um, so what did Facebook do in return?
Sued Yahoo right back over other patents.
That's just patent warfare.
And that is, I don't want to say it's patent trolling, but it's clear that Yahoo struggling
and this is something that they're doing to try and kind of get themselves back up a little
bit.
Or maybe just try to stay relevant.
In a way maybe.
Well, um, I found the, the other one and actually it is Apple, um, that's for a patent for noise
elimination and other interference during voice and data transmission.
So now does this mean the Xbox 360 is going to suddenly stop being sold?
I kind of doubt that.
Um, it's gone a little far this at this point, but could Microsoft end up having to pay huge
amounts of money to Motorola?
Could they have to, you know, agree to some pretty hefty terms for the technology?
Yeah, it's possible.
Could they perhaps not put rumble in their next console because it's not really that
important anyways.
It has nothing to do with the fact that they infringed on the patent.
Oh, remember all that?
Yeah, that's a great comparison.
Remember that?
That's why you didn't have rumble in the original PlayStation 3.
No, it wasn't because they were infringing on patents.
It's because it wasn't important until they decided to put it in there.
Sure, sure.
Whatever.
That's exactly what it is.
Not the fact that they got sued over the PlayStation 2 controllers.
No, it was just, it wasn't important right then.
It just, it became important later.
Sixaxis was the future of gaming.
What was the last game that used Sixaxis?
Sixaxis was a pain in the ass.
I know the last thing that I played that included it was Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
I think that was it.
That game's a few years old.
I think there's still some games that use it, but man, it's not something that they're
like, hey!
Little Big Planet is one of the last ones I can think of that uses it.
Um, yeah.
Sixaxis.
You can use it as a steering wheel, right?
Yeah, it works, works great too.
Awesome.
Actually, that's why I still have a negcon.
I will say, actually, I thought of it.
I will, there is a Sixaxis game that was pretty bitchin', Flower.
That's like the only Sixaxis game I can sit here and say I truly enjoyed it.
I can use it to slightly adjust the camera in Journey.
Moving on with more news.
How about something that doesn't have to do with a really crappy controller?
How about it?
I got some Call of Duty.
How about it?
Bang, bang, bang.
Well, um, the release date for Call of Duty Black Ops 2 has been leaked.
Which I don't know if it was on purpose or not.
I love when they say leaked, but you don't really know.
Anyway.
Um, so there was an image of the PS3 and Xbox 360 pre-order cards for Target.
And it was posted by IGN earlier.
It says it's gonna be on November 13th.
So we have a shake of the head.
Loki?
I think they're guessing.
Nothing's been announced.
They're seriously guessing because I don't even think the game's gonna be called Black
Ops 2 to be honest.
Um, because they've registered trademarks for Call of Duty Eclipse.
And they're guessing because already in blogs, like Kotaku and some other places, they've
speculated that it's gonna be on the 13th because there happens to be a full lunar eclipse
or solar eclipse actually on that date.
Which also happens to fall on a Tuesday during November.
There's a fucking election, presidential election happening the same day as the Halo release
date.
Well, to continue.
Solar eclipses don't matter.
There was indication first of a Black Ops sequel with an Amazon France listing that
got pulled.
Um, but there's supposed to be actual news coming out on this on May 1st.
And the other reason I call bullshit on this too is because they, Call of Duty, they're
using like, was it, like the Roman numerals for Black Ops 2 when, you know, it's most
likely they normally just use like actual, you know, numbers for their titles.
I just don't think it's gonna be Black Ops.
I think that they're just guessing.
And what's it really gonna hurt if they have, you know, um, some sort of, you know, pre-order
card or whatever to get people excited about a new Call of Duty game?
I mean, so what, if it ends up being something else, they'll just have to reprint cards.
But I mean, we're gonna find out soon enough.
It's just not.
If they've got a card dated with it though, and this is just, if you think about the cost
of printing and on a national scale.
But I mean, this isn't.
Wait, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
If a target would just put a release date in their system and then put these fake things
on the shelves to entice people to pre-order.
I've never heard of that done before in the gaming retail industry.
And it's not like that big major changes have not been wrong, you know, in printed marking
material.
Like for example.
It doesn't really matter.
According to Best Buy, you know, shit Diablo 3 should have been out months ago.
I mean.
Wait a minute.
That was one Best Buy in like Wisconsin or something.
And the whole thing, it doesn't really matter because they're making announcement on it
in three days.
So again, does it matter?
No.
It's, but it's all about firsties.
It's all about who did it first, who called it first.
And because, you know, that's why we have the whole patent wars.
And that's a pile of who gives a shit.
Yeah.
That's so that all these websites can go exclusive, exclusive release date, at least exclusive
pictures of the exclusive, exclusiving exclusive that we have.
You know what an actual exclusive is?
Is if the company went to, Hey, Hey, IGN, we want you to have the date officially from
us.
That's an exclusive.
Getting it off of a, you know, a card from a target.
You mean like certain radio entrepreneurs may have gone to a geeky website to give them
the exclusive on what was happening?
Exactly.
When they come to you and say, we want you to do it first because you've been good
to us.
But if I use the word exclusive as much as exclusively possible in my article, then I'll
get more hits and I'll get to go to E3 because that's what this industry has turned into.
Exclusive Jamie Shuttermouth for the first time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
That's a Rob Roberts exclusive.
Actions speak louder than words and none of you can see this action.
And I'm getting the finger.
I mean, yeah, it's a good guess.
I mean, obviously they're not going to launch the same day as Halo and it's typically the
second second Tuesday of November that they normally launch Call of Duty.
So I mean, it's a good guess and they could be right.
I was not purring.
I mean, it's only like what, you know, one in four shot of being correct.
So yeah, and actually one in two because I mean it's going to be in the beginning of
the month.
They might have to recall all those cards or in the great retail big box way.
Get a bunch.
Get a big black marker.
Get the new guy.
Hey, new guy.
Take this giant stack of 500 cards and you take this Sharpie and everywhere you see a
13 you're going to write a 20.
You think you can do that?
When do I get my break?
That's not how it works.
You didn't have to pay that guy more to be honest for the time that would take him to
do all that.
Then it would just be to print up 50,000 new cards.
Can I, can I go on a tangent?
I want a vog tangent.
I want our first vog tangent.
We already had one of those, Rob.
I went grocery.
It was okra.
I went grocery shopping with Alan yesterday.
We went to the grocery store.
I know, right?
I know, right?
So we went to the grocery store.
Exclusive.
And we bought probably like, I don't know, $120 worth of groceries, but thanks to couponing
I got it down to 115.
But anyway.
How very Dutch of you.
The point is, well it is in my heritage, but anyway, we get the cart, you know how you
take the cart up to the little thing and you put everything up on the conveyor belt, right?
One of the employees was standing there waiting for us to put the cart and they actually took
everything out of the cart and put it on the conveyor belt.
And I was thinking, they don't ever do that for you.
You always, why are the employees, they have one person bagging, they have one at the register,
and now this chick is just loading the groceries on the conveyor belt for me.
I mean, not that I'm going to complain, but it does kind of make me go, gosh, I feel really
fucking lazy.
And I'm like, is everybody else in the grocery store just watching this poor grocery clerk
like do this for me?
And like, if I was in a wheelchair or had a cast on or something, I could understand
why they do that.
But Alan and I are both perfectly healthy individuals, you know, Rob and Alan are healthy.
Yet she was doing it.
So I was like, um, well, thank you for loading the groceries on the conveyor belt.
What so whatever do we owe this?
Like I don't usually see us.
And she said, well, we're really overstaffed right now.
We have a lot of new people that just started today.
So we have so many people.
She's like, I was just, I was just here.
I needed something to do.
And she's like, I spent all morning in the produce department just arranging things.
And I'm thinking to myself inappropriately, I'm thinking to myself, apples and bananas.
As much as I appreciate that she has a job, she has good employment.
So that offers union.
See if she wants to go home.
She's union.
What is that?
Is that a union thing?
I didn't even think of that, but you're probably right.
I worked.
Keep in mind, I worked for a grocery store for all of three freaking days and I quit
after the old man tried to be a bitch to me and I told him he couldn't buy his beer.
I haven't said that story on the air, have I, but I know that like you had, you were,
you got guaranteed certain number of hours and you got guaranteed this.
And like you, if you were scheduled to work, you had to work and this crap, um, a sitting
vampire in chat says that's like someone pumping your gas.
It did.
It did.
Oregon.
It did feel very Jersey or Oregon.
Take your pick.
Um, I have to tell you one thing, and this just goes from my childhood and visiting my
granny in Dothan, Alabama, that we would go to the Piggly Wiggly.
I know the best name for a grocery store ever.
And I'm going to go get pork at the Piggly Wiggly.
And they had, um, these type of conveyor belts that your, um, the back end of your, uh, buggy
would unlatch and it would push right up to the belt and then the cashier would unload
for you.
They used to have those here too.
They were those kind of tall, flat, flatter type of buggies.
Some of the old railies here still had that where you just push, you don't even have a
conveyor belt.
You push the cart right up to the counter and then they open the front of it and just
pull everything off of it and go over the standard.
Which I think is great.
Yeah, I do too.
I mean, but now it's, you know, I also hate self service.
Uh, and then, well yeah, I was going to say, uh, Ross Deal UT in our VOG chat room says
here in Florida, we got Winn Dixie's with the self checkout counters.
Yeah, we have that too.
But when you're buying like $120 worth of groceries, I don't want to use the self.
Those things are a pain in the ass.
Old school Winn Dixie's by the way, had the old style thing too.
The self checkouts are great for like when, you know, you need just a pint of ice cream
and Doritos, but like when you're buying legit groceries for the week with produce and everything,
like you don't, I know I would not use the self checkout, it would take forever.
I have an expert do it.
Anyhow.
Wow.
Everyone's talking about what their grocery stores are.
I know.
So this is, this is the most the chat was talked about all night.
Perhaps we should become a grocery store podcast.
Uh, Nietzsche in our chat says here in Kansas, your groceries are always bagged and sometimes
carried to your vehicle.
No questions asked.
Raley's here does that.
Well, they always ask, but I'm always like, no, no, no, no, but the thing is they're required
to do it.
It's part of their job.
Really?
Yeah, it is.
So Dan and I have them do it.
Again, if I'm buying ice cream and Doritos, I don't want to help out.
If you're buying two things, that's one thing.
But like if you're, if you're getting like all your groceries for the week or for the
month or whatever, then it's, you know, it's kind of nice.
It's part of their job.
It's what they're supposed to do.
And it, you know, honestly, we asked one of them flat out is like, do you really mind
doing this?
I like, I like getting out and getting some air.
Hey, I want all those grapes individually bagged.
I need you to go through this bag of M&Ms and pick out the green ones.
Now, um, DJ Morpheus in chat is saying that's the Rob Roberts diet, ice cream and Doritos.
I think that's your family crest.
It's a big bag of Doritos with big, might well be pulps of ice cream coming out of the
top of it and like, um, hello kitty over the bag of Doritos and, uh, the, uh, word, a penis
or something.
I don't know.
Well, so, uh, in great, uh, internet fashion, we have apparently dropped this for the podcast
listeners.
We're trying to reconnect to the feed right now.
I hope this isn't a repeat of what happened last week.
That would be most unfortunate, but I don't think Comcast does anything.
It is trying to reconnect right now and there it is.
It reconnected.
Apparently I just watched the bandwidth guys.
If you have anything else going on, I just have to get that out there.
I know, but these things happen.
So yeah, I agree with game guru.
If I get so popular, everyone is crashing.
We'll just go with that.
You guys are just crashing.
Grocery lounge radio.
All right.
Anyhow.
Yeah.
You are the general manager.
All right.
Can we move on with more news?
I don't know how I got on that tangent.
I don't even know what that had to do with anything.
Oh, because you were talking about the guy with the pen who would get paid too much to
do that.
And I'm like, they pay people to do crazy stuff.
Like the chick who put my stuff on the conveyor belt, like I like mass effect.
It's a good game.
I have to, I have to do a trolling dedicated to dark Tetsuya.
If I may.
Yeah.
I do not torrent porn or torrent anything so goddamn slow.
Why would I turn anything when there's no, I'm going to torrent that breadstick and go
right ahead.
You're going to torrent me half of it.
And I don't torrent hentai or porn, at least not here.
I mean, shit.
This connection is too damn slow for that.
Um, anyways, uh, so let's talk a little bit about Woodstock.
No, I'm not talking about the, the gathering of musicians and sweaty people.
I'm talking about Microsoft's brand new music service for the Xbox 360.
Whoopty shit.
Um, I guess because Zune maybe is not taking off too well.
But um, I, oh, it's actually a relaunch and rebranding of the Zune music service.
Oh, well then I'm really not interested now.
Um, but anyways, they're dubbing it Woodstock.
It's supposed to be coming out on multiple platforms, including, you know, the Xbox 360,
Windows 8, iOS and Android devices.
Um, they're also saying that of course it's going to launch, um, it's not going to launch
till the fall with, you know, the Windows 8 launch.
Um, but it's going to be similar to like Spotify and they're going to have some sort of Facebook
integration as well where you can share your playlists and that kind of stuff.
And you can buy bottled water for $7.
Come on.
There's a, it's a Starbucks.
There's a Woodstock 94 joke in there.
Come on people.
Oh Rob.
The thing about Woodstock, it's kind of funny that they're taking that name because everything
like recent Woodstock hasn't been that great.
Like there was some really bad things that happened at those Woodstock revival festivals
or whatever in the nineties.
Like I'm talking things happening in those mosh pits and stuff that really should not
be happening anywhere period ever.
And you know how much all of the people at the original Woodstock got paid like oodles
and oodles and oodles to freaking be there.
And they like underestimated the number of people that would come and there was no toiletries
and people died and babies were born.
But I, the Woodstock I was thinking of was a cute little yellow bird that hangs out with
Snoopy.
I just, all right, so they're going to have a music service.
I hope it's free because otherwise I'm not going to be interested in it.
Let's talk about this other half of it then.
But why is Microsoft relaunching this again when they've really tried that zoom thing
and it just like, you know, because now they're trying to be the entertainment hub.
They want the Xbox 360 or even whatever the next console is to be this entertainment hub.
They're trying to get away from just being a games console they want.
It's a kind of replace like your set top box.
You put it in, you know, your living room with your TV and you're watching movies on
there.
You're playing games on there.
Everybody's in front of it with connect your, you know, listening to music.
They want it to be integrated with your life basically.
Um, and that's what they're trying to do with this.
They're adding music to it.
I agree with infinite in the chat room.
Wayne stock was much safer.
That's true.
If they call this Wayne stock, I would, uh, I would be kidding and give my right arm.
Yes, no right eye.
That was it.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
And this one has to do with Skyrim.
Hey, and it has nothing to do with arrows and body parts.
I swear.
This has to do with a Skyrim expansion pack, maybe question mark.
Apparently in the latest Skyrim patch, there are several references to what's called snow
elves, including a snow elf Prince who has some dialogue.
Uh, there's also files talking about crossbows, a whole folder called DLC01.
Hmm.
What could that be about?
So apparently this is information about the first DLC pack for Skyrim.
We don't know a whole lot else about it.
Although there's certainly that part of me that says, I'm going to buy it.
Well that, and gee, this, this took a little while for this to come out.
You too can take an X to the elbow.
Good things come to those who wait, usually.
I have more faith in Bethesda and DLC versus any other company on the face of the earth.
Um, just because it seems like their content is very, you know, thoroughly rich and full
of, you know, actual new things and not stuff that was on the disc.
Plus crossbows are pretty awesome.
Crossbows are pretty awesome.
Autocrossbows are even better.
One of these days I'll stop playing Mass Effect long enough to go back and play these other
games I've missed like Skyrim and stuff.
But you know the problem with crossbows is...
And run a certain somebody through a couple of dungeons on WoW.
Maybe.
Maybe reload.
It's a Game of Thrones run.
What if it's like an autocrossbow?
Gee, that'd be awesome.
So Final Fantasy 6-ish.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
How about some Vita crap?
Um, because it is actually kind of performing like crap.
In Europe anyway.
Um, the Vita is being outsold by both the Wii and the PSP in Europe.
Um, they're basically saying, um, that, uh, and this is actually a quote from Iwata of
Nintendo.
Saying that based on sales information by market research companies in each European
country, um, basically that the PS3 is the top with the 3DS and Xbox 360 in second.
The Wii in fourth, PSP in fifth, the Vita in sixth, and the DS, um, I guess right after
that.
So yeah, um, the Vita is basically selling 25,000 units a week.
Um, and there's still 70,000 PS3s being sold weekly.
Well that's some good news for Sony, at least the PS3's on top over there.
But Loki, any idea what this looks like in America?
Is this the same?
Are they having the same issue here?
I'm surprised that anyone's still selling a ton of PSPs, I know we don't sell any PSPs.
Um, and by we I mean my customers, because no one's asking for them.
And hell, there's nothing coming out for the PSP.
I mean, last thing was MLB 12, or MLB, um, yeah MLB The Show 12, wait no, MLB 2K12.
Um, but, and then there's a few Atlus RPGs, but that's all that really is coming.
According to Iwata right now in the US, um, actually no this isn't just according to him,
but there's other, there is a listing on here.
At the top of it is Xbox 360, then PS3, then the 3DS, and the Vita right behind the 3DS
and forth, then we have Wii, DS, and PSP.
Why is Iwata talking about the Vita, oh I see, because he's trying to say the 3DS is
so much better, blah blah blah.
Well he's saying that right now the 3DS is dominating in Japan.
I see.
Well it's been out for a year!
I mean, come on!
I mean, why are we even comparing these two systems, you're talking about a system that
launched two months ago versus a system that's been out like for a year.
Well and the Vita is kinda in that point where the 3DS was at this point after its launch,
where like, hooray, we had the launch with all the big launch games, now we're in a lull.
Yeah, it's like, listen Iwata, you better fuckin' keep that good karma coming because
if you start talking, you know, crap about this, you've got a system launching pretty
soon and it could tank pretty easy.
Well, really he's just been, you know, just speaking, more not, instead of you know, pooping
on everybody else, he's just more been speaking about, oh the 3DS is doing very well, we're
very confident in how the market's going.
But to the Vita's credit, I mean, you know, it's not the, because they do have some big
things here and there coming out, like the Mortal Kombat Vita is out pretty soon, that's
gonna be a pretty big deal for them.
They did release Skype on the Vita this week, which is pretty cool, you know, like their
FaceTime-esque sorta app, and I actually checked that out on the Vita, it runs very nicely.
And you know, the Vita does, had a more robust launch lineup, but it is still, there's nothing
to really get, I mean, Mortal Kombat, whether, you know, it is what it is, it's been out
already, it is a port of a game that's already been out for a year.
I would think come the holidays, E3 this year, we're gonna hear more about what the holidays
have in store for the Vita, and that's when things are really gonna pick up for them again.
To be fair, that's one more Mortal Kombat game than the 3DS has.
True.
No one's porting shit to the 3DS.
True, unless you want to say, well, you can play DS games on the 3DS, and I think there
was, I think Deadly Alliance, or one of them got a port to the DS, probably wasn't very
good, but it's there.
I mean, there's a Street Fighter IV game, you know, I don't know, it's just, yeah, I
don't really think it's fair to compare them yet, it's still, you know, compare their one
year numbers, okay?
One year, compare the numbers of the 3DS versus the numbers of the Vita in a year, and see
where they're at.
I'm not surprised that they're behind the 3DS.
A lot more people are picking up 3DSs, because I think they're cheaper now.
Shadownextgen in our chatroom at vognetwork.com says, a Vita price drop will be announced
to E3 if Sony is smart, agree?
They could, I know that the 3DS isn't dropping in price any time soon, so, I mean, they could,
it would be smart, but, I hope I get some free games with it.
I don't think a price drop will come, but I think they'll sweeten the pot of the existing
pack.
What I mean by that is, larger memory card, and probably more, like, throw-ins, like,
comes with an 8 gig memory card that already has little big planet Vita, oops, that's another
big game that's coming out at some point, right, no, that got pushed back, right?
It's not coming out any time soon, they haven't announced the date for it yet.
Alright, then fucking ModNation Racers Vita, I don't know, just...
Well, they could have Resistance, there's Gravity, you know, Gravity Rush, there's...
I would think they're gonna sweeten the pot of the existing pack, I don't think they're
gonna lower the price necessarily.
You know, I mean, they do like doing these different bundles, so, I could see them doing
some special, like, holiday bundles and stuff like that.
Baconbits in our chatroom, this will be the last comment on this story, then we'll move
on, Baconbits in our chatroom says, I don't want the Vita to fail, but I feel like it's
gonna happen.
It's too early!
Yeah, it's too, again, you gotta go back to where the 3DS was at this point, everybody
said, 3DS is gonna fail, 3DS is gonna fail, and then, bam, price drop, bam, Mario, bam,
you know, it's just, everything just hit it once, and then the system really recovered.
You know, and the PlayStation 3, early on, was hideous!
Too damn expensive and nothing on it, you know, but, PlayStations really come around,
so, you know, I think it's too early to bury the Vita.
Is the Vita flying off shelves in the must-have technology that Sony wanted it to be?
Alright, maybe not, but, that doesn't mean it's a dead and dying system.
They tried, I think, I mean, they had a better lineup at launch than the 3DS had, that's
for sure, and they have a lot more games coming out, and even the 3DS, I mean, there's games
coming out, but, I mean, for, I would think that, you know, like the hardcore gamer look,
you know, using the 3DS, I think there's only a handful of games really coming out before
the end of this year that they might be interested in, whereas I think there's gonna be a lot
more of that for the, the, I'm sorry, the 3DS has a handful of games.
The Vita, I think they've got, you know, quite a bit of potential games coming out for it,
I mean, hell, you know, there's some big first party games still on their way in the next
couple months, and, you know, Call of Duty's gonna help, I mean, fuck, a portable Call
of Duty game?
You know, not necessarily the PSP ones, because they're kinda, yeah, but, you know, one on
the Vita that's, you know, you've got like Black Ops 2 or whatever they're gonna call
it on the Vita, that could be pretty big.
Slidekick in our chatroom says, girl, PS3 is still hideous, Rob.
I disagree.
I really disagree.
It's, Little Big Planet is my, that's, there is nothing like it on Nintendo, there's nothing
like it on Microsoft, and it is an incredible video game, and it's, it's Sony's franchise,
you know, and that's just, you know, that's just the one that comes up to the mind is
most important for me.
I still say Sony, despite all our jokes earlier about Sixaxis, I think now Sony has the better
controller.
I prefer to play games with the Sony controller than I do the 360.
Sony does have the free online, for whatever it's worth.
You know, I don't mean to sound like a fanboy, there's reasons why I like 360 as well, but,
you know, I don't think it's all doom and gloom with the PlayStation 3.
I think, I think consumers have a real choice to make.
And when somebody asks me, Rob, what should I get, a PlayStation 3 or a Xbox 360?
It's a, I have to go back to the golden rule of gaming, a system is only as good as the
games that are on it.
What do you wanna play?
You wanna play Mario?
Or you wanna play LittleBigPlanet?
You wanna play Fable?
Or you wanna play God of War?
You know, it's really about those issues.
All right, anyhow, let's move on with some release dates.
We're gonna travel around the world and check out what's coming out soon in a store near
you.
There's not a lot this week, it's pretty dead.
So starting things off, we've got Sniper Elite V2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Terra Online in the collector's edition as well.
That's coming out on PC, which should be pretty awesome.
Speaking of Mortal Kombat for the Vita, that is coming out this week.
And... and I honestly think that's probably it, because it's pretty dead.
I just wanna make sure I didn't miss anything.
Yep, that's it.
All right, traveling to Japan and looking at the releases over there in Japan.
Nothing on the 3DS this week, which strikes me as kinda odd, but yeah, no, nothing, nothing.
Oh my God, the system's dying!
Well, how about the Vita, what's the Vita got this week?
Also nothing.
That's a very...
That is also dying.
They're all dying.
On the PlayStation 3 this week, Starhawk on May 10th, although I think that's really next
week, actually.
That's the week after, yeah.
So, is there a holiday in Japan this week or something?
Because nothing on the PlayStation 3, and on the Xbox 360, nothing.
Oh my God, all game systems are gonna die.
They're all dying.
All of them.
Is it...
I don't know what's going on, there must be something, but it's very... not a lot of releases
till May 17th.
Things are kinda slowing down over there.
So I have nothing to report for Japanese releases.
Hey, the good news is, for those of you who like to import games, your wallet is spared
this month.
There's a few in Europe.
We have...
Thank you, Golden Week is this week.
That's right.
The chatters all just chimed in.
It's Golden Week.
That's when everyone goes back to their hometown.
Yep.
Yep.
What, no handheld games for the train ride there?
No Animal Crossing?
Rob, places are closed all week.
I knew, see, I knew the chatters would know something cultural that I was missing.
So yeah, Golden Week is the reason.
You know, us Ignite gamers.
I know, stupid Americans, sorry.
In Europe, on May 2nd, we have Velocity for the PSP.
On May 3rd, we have Terra for PC.
And on the 4th, we have Mud FIM, Motorcross World Championship, and that is it.
Next!
It must be Golden Week in the UK as well, huh?
It's no...
I want a Golden Week.
Why don't we have a Golden Week in the US?
Because we have Spring Break.
Yeah, but...
I wish we had Golden Week, too.
Shit doesn't close on Spring Break.
But...
That's because people...
Okay.
People here have no respect for their hometown, end of story.
We're comparing Golden Week to Spring Break.
Let's examine the two.
Golden Week, a great chance for me to go visit my family and really honor my family and,
you know, just be kind of forced to spend time with those I love and what's important.
Spring Break, bitches be getting drunk and topless and horny.
Woo!
I'm gonna get laid on Spring Break.
We don't understand.
Yeah!
It's Golden Week in Mexico.
Because...
See, it's Golden Week in Cancun.
Yeah, I mean, because they're like, cha-ching!
Here's our yearly revenue in one week.
I'm re...
It's Golden Peso Week, I don't know.
Exactly.
Slidekick in our chatroom says, Spring Break is better because it has wet t-shirt contests.
I didn't see that in Golden Week.
Can we move on, please?
Yes, we can move on.
Loki.
Maybe Golden Week all throughout the year if there's wet t-shirt contests involved.
And drunk sluts.
Well, for some people, that may be their hometown.
That's just Friday.
That's just Friday.
In here, it's always Friday.
Uh, yes.
Nintendo has some losses to report.
Yeah, they may have lost a little bit of money with 3DS.
Four hundred and sixty-one point two million dollars in losses, to be exact.
And of course, you know, they've kind of rebounded a little bit, but you know, the initial hit
from the new, you know, 3DS launch, and you know, the Redo's selling, well, also dropping
the price of the Wii, and they're seeing, you know, the strong-in and other things factored
into it.
Not a big surprise.
Of course, their brand new fiscal year started.
April first, and you know, they're aiming to not sell the 3DS under cost, because right
now they're actually losing money on each system that's being put out.
But not much.
I mean, they're, I believe it's, uh, actually no, it doesn't say how much they're losing
there.
I thought it was only like a few bucks.
But, you know, they're taking losses on each system, and of course, Nintendo, unlike the
other companies, they're actually like making profits on each piece of hardware that goes
out, which they were doing, obviously, when it was $250, but not necessarily now.
And then of course, they're saying that with the Wii U launch, and the Wii console, by
the end of next fiscal year, which would be March 31st, 2013, they're gonna have combined
sales of 10.5 million units, um, during that whole year, um, eh, maybe.
I guess, well fiscal 2012, they sold 9.84 million Wii units, so they're planning on
growing that a bit more.
Honestly, I don't see the Wii selling as fast as, you know, it was before.
Although, if they announce another price drop, because there's a new concept coming out.
I was gonna say a price drop is, that, that has to factor into this somehow.
If they drop the price again, that could be interesting.
Is that Wii, isn't the Wii already like 99 bucks, or?
No, it's still like 149.
Okay, so let's say they're gonna come out and the Wii is 99 bucks, that is, that's gonna
be hard to ignore.
Especially for the, like, you know what the big audience is for that, it's nobody that
listens to this show, unless you have like a 5 to 12 year old.
But here's my problem.
It's a huge sweet spot for the Wii.
That is a huge sweet spot for the Wii, and it will cannibalize the Wii U's sales.
Cause, I can buy this brand new console, it's basically a Wii, but it has better graphics
for $2.99, or I can pay $99 and get a Wii and play all these Mario games that I really
wanna play, and, um, that's it.
Then later on I'll upgrade to the, you know, the new Wii.
If there was a new Xbox or Playstation this year, I might agree with you, but I actually
think core gamer interest may be a little higher, especially if Nintendo does it right
and throws out a new Zelda game with this, although I'm not expecting it.
I'm not expecting it.
Or a Metroid, or something, you know, that the core gamers are gonna jizz over.
Just like seeing the lineup, just like kind of the whispers and stuff of their lineup.
A lot of it is like, Batman Arkham City, great, I get to play it on the Wii U, but it's been
out for a fucking year, and you know, Darksiders 2, okay, well that might be delayed by the
time we get there to, you know, the launch of the Wii, but it'll be out, like, Ninja
Gaiden 3, a game that sucked on the Xbox 360 and PS3.
Look, I think we really don't know though, because what Nintendo was trying to do with
that was say, hey, we can compete with everybody else now.
We're gonna have all the games that the other systems have, so leave us alone.
We don't really know what's coming.
I really do know what's coming.
Batman Arkham City is coming for the Wii U, I mean.
What if, heaven forbid, Loki, what if they're actually keeping some secrets?
They may have some first party secrets.
Animal Crossing Wii U.
Oh god.
I'm not buying it for, I'm sorry, I will not buy a system for Animal Crossing.
Now your little, your little Wii pad is a screwball.
I did that for GameDram, okay, but I will not do that for, no, seriously, it's just,
they're probably, they will probably have a Zelda game or something like that.
That would be pretty smart.
I don't think a Pikmin game is gonna launch that goddamn system, but.
I hope I'm not stepping on a story coming up later, because I remember reading this
earlier, but, you know, Nintendo has been talking about a new franchise.
Like maybe it's time for a new character.
Cool.
And I'm down with that, absolutely.
They need some new franchises.
Why not?
Well, I don't think they need franchises as bad as some other systems, but.
Well, I think that they should have some new franchises.
Why not?
I mean, see, I mean, fuck.
Story's kind of getting old, you know.
Maybe about time, Kid Icarus seems to have revived successfully enough.
Maybe when it's time you start looking at a franchise and put out a game for it in a
while that might be of the racing genre.
Although I do not disagree, what about a just new, something that doesn't exist yet?
I mean, Animal Crossing didn't exist until, well, here in America, the GameCube, but the
64.
You know, I completely agree with you.
You know it hasn't existed yet?
The fucking sequel to Excite Truck is what we need, is we need to excite truck too.
No, seriously, the best racing game on the Wii, eh, let's just piss it away.
We're gonna make a game with fucking mini games in the middle of a race.
That was geniusly stupid.
Look, I have more Wii stuff I gotta get out of here.
This is important because when the Wii U launches, one thing Nintendo's committed to, oh, I
should say, sorry, excuse me, misspoke, exploring, but when I read something like this, I go,
they're gonna do it.
Digital distribution of full retail games, starting on the 3DS, not even just the Wii
U, but starting on the 3DS with New Super Mario Brothers 2, will be available, digital
download as well as full retail release, but they made it very clear, choice.
You have a choice.
Apparently- And no price break.
They are being aggressive about the Wii U.
Iwata did announce Wii U games will be both in stores and digital distribution at launch.
See, I thought I had heard it confirmed in there, so I guess the 3DS is the one that's
being explored, but the Wii U, this is going to happen.
No, it is actually being done with the Wii, er, the 3DS.
They said they were gonna be doing it.
Oh, I, I was serious, they're exploring it, but that tells me it's gonna happen.
So anyhow, retailers will also be able to sell download codes, which is interesting.
Why would you do that?
I mean, I understand why you would do that, so you can take your games with you.
But remember, they tie to the system, not the account, which is very important.
I'm assuming if you ever upgrade your system, there's a way to transfer the licenses, because
I think there is with the ambassador program on the DS, but, you know, just kinda keep-
So anyhow, oh, yeah, they do, I guess they came out later and said, yes, we are doing
it.
Uh, August 2012 is when New Super Mario Brothers 2 is going to be the first game that's out.
Uh, packaged and digital formats, consumers can make the choice.
Also a game called Onitore, which is a temp name, is also supposed to be sold like this.
It's a brain age game.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Uh, one other thing about the 3DS, uh, it's all gonna be connected on- excuse me, the
Wii U and the 3DS are all connected through Nintendo eShop, and they say, quote, the majority,
key word, of first party 3DS and Wii U games will be sold this way.
The dual distribution strategy, digital downloads on launch day, you'll be able to get 16 digit
codes through the Nintendo eShop if you want to go buy it in a store or whatever.
That doesn't mean that I'm gonna open up a box and then it's gonna be a card, does it?
Cause that's kinda shitty.
Um, no, but Sony has tried that before, and they had Potapon 2, it was like that.
It was like, here's a case!
Those Vita games aren't far from it.
There is nothing in that Vita case but a little plastic slot to put in that cartridge.
You know what, at least that's something that I can sell back at some point if I feel like
it or sell it used.
That's true.
Um, but, once again though, I mean, this sounds like a great idea, but then we have to realize,
you know, it works for the Vita, I think it could work for the 3DS, but when we're talking
games that are gonna be significantly larger in size, and I'm talking about like actual
storage space on like a blu-ray disc, it's gonna get fucking annoying.
Yeah, I can download a title, you know, on my Wii U, but, I don't know, why would you?
But at the same time, the 3DS, it makes sense because people want to take their games with
them.
They don't wanna have to carry a bunch of cartridges, they can, you know, store a bunch
of games on there and that be done with it, but for the Wii U it doesn't make any sense.
I mean, I understand some people download full game, full digital games on like the
PS3 and stuff, but you can upgrade the hard drive and that thing.
I have a 500 gig hard drive, so that doesn't really bother me too much, but, you know,
if they're, they better have adequate storage, and it also takes a really long time.
Like I downloaded Infamous 1, which is a good 8 gig game, that took a couple hours.
You know, I'm not gonna wanna do that for a game that's larger than a DVD-R.
You know, we're talking like, you know, 6, double that size, maybe even triple that size.
That's gonna, why would you do that and kill your bandwidth?
Alright, let me give one other quote here about the license rights, so we can talk about
that real quick.
Iwata did state that the 3DS retail games will be stored in the SD memory card and be
playable only with the hardware to which it was downloaded, so that, you know, unlike
how you get to share a packaged software, the consumer cannot share the software with
other 3DS systems owned by other members of the family or friends.
But that's not any different than the eShop games that are there now, like say VVVVV or
whatever, it's the same way.
It's too bad they couldn't have just added a feature to the cards where you can download
it to a certain system, and once it's downloaded to that system, it marks something in the
card that, you know, shows that it's been downloaded to a system and you can't download
it again.
But you can still play the card, or you can revoke your privileges and then it, you know,
clears out whatever that is, and granted I'm sure someone will hack, or could possibly
hack it, but...
Sort of like how iTunes has authorize, authorizing computers.
Something like that, yeah.
Yeah, that's a good way to think about it.
I mean, but that would have required them to have, you know, forethought, you know,
for this stuff, and since they didn't do that at launch, and it's been out for a year now,
probably not gonna happen.
Porkchop in our chatroom says if the market goes entirely digital, it's a massive middle
finger to the gamer.
And ShadowNextGen says that'll eventually happen, Porkchop.
It's inevitable.
It's not gonna happen.
It's not gonna happen any time soon.
I don't think it'll happen soon, but...
It's not.
The consumer can ultimately reject it.
The PSP Go.
I want a return of Neo Geo size cartridges.
The PSP Go was rejected by the consumer.
It's not gonna happen because, first off, the consumer likes having physical product,
and the reason why they like having, you know, physical product is because it feels like
they actually own something.
Having everything digital that's basically allowing, like, a third party company, like,
you know, Intender or whatever, they can revoke the privileges whenever they want.
And just to be fair, ShadowNextGen in the chat says I didn't say it would happen soon, so...
I don't think it's gonna happen any time in the near future, and...
It's just, it's too convenient.
It's more convenient to go to a store, I mean, seriously, am I going to, uh, spend like ten
minutes driving to a local store and picking up a copy of a game, oh, that's such an inconvenience,
or wait six hours for the same game to fucking download?
I'll tell you it's fucking convenient, and not to sound like a commercial, but, um, Amazon
will have that fucker on my doorstep when I get home from work.
That's convenient to me.
It's, there are ways that are more convenient than, but the thing is, they want everyone
to think digital is where it's at, because they make the most money with that, and they
have the most control over their product that way.
It kind of sort of eliminates piracy a little bit, I mean, it's not, not really, uh...
We need to, we need to take a step back, you guys, we need to take a step back to simpler
times.
We need to go back to when digital distribution wasn't even a thing.
It was nothing.
You know how you digitally distributed something?
You got it on the back of a truck to your nearby Chuck E. Cheese.
That was distribution.
The classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer's gonna take a trip down memory lane and find a game inside the gaming vault
that she thinks, hey, listen up, Iwata digital mofos.
This is a true classic that you all should play right freaking now.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week, the first classic game of the week involved?
Well, this is also one that comes from Dan, so thank him for that.
And I'm going to start off by reading actually the, the spoiler, the splash for the original
poster.
Okay.
First the pinball universe, now the world of video.
Once again, Williams reigns supreme.
Mmm.
Defender.
Defender.
And, uh, is, I mean, how can we not go back to the real classics there, you know?
So defender came out for the arcade, um, done by Williams in 1980, which is a shooting game,
all 2d back in the day.
Hi.
And, um, you have to basically defeat all these different invading aliens while protecting
your astronauts.
It was developed by Eugene Jarvis, who I've actually at classic gaming expo a couple,
a few years back, I got to sit in on a panel with him and it was just awesome listening
to this guy talk about it.
By the way, this video that we're playing the audio from is already quiet and this game
didn't really have a lot of, you know, I didn't have a lot of noise.
It was pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, not a lot to hear, but there are some laser noises for
you.
Um, anyway, uh, this was the first game that Eugene Jarvis programmed.
He was a pinball programmer before that.
Um, and he was inspired by space invaders and asteroids.
Um, the plan was to display the game at the amusement and music operators association.
Um, but it was delayed.
Um, the game itself though was highly successful, sold 55,000 units and it was their best selling
arcade game.
And uh, basically, uh, it's the game pretty much that put, you know, Eugene Jarvis's name
amongst, you know, the, the top contributors to the video game industry there is.
So that's pretty cool.
At any rate, um, when it was developed, it was, uh, Williams, uh, first attempt at any
video game there.
The earlier one that they had was basically a version of Pong and, uh, they were really,
really trying to cash in on how popular video games were getting in 1979.
So they had basically one of their best pinball, uh, uh, programmers get right to it.
He also, um, he headed the department and there's other like big names that were involved
with that.
Uh, Larry Damar, Sam Dicker, uh, Paul Dassault, um, they were all involved in this.
They worked, uh, under him as the head.
So basically, um, Jarvis, just going into the development history, spent three to four
months, um, working on different versions of Taito space invaders and Atari's asteroids
and, uh, tried to work games that had similar mechanics.
Asteroids, of course, was, uh, vector, um, had a special monitor, but this one he wanted
to really work on a conventional monitor.
So, uh, basically they just, uh, took what they liked from asteroids being the warping
effects they really liked and then wanted a player to be able to fly back and forth
across the screen.
Um, he only wanted it to go, um, from left to right, but a person who I have met convinced
him to make it scroll around.
You know who that is?
Who?
Steve Ritchie.
Oh.
Who was the man that designed, he actually was the voice of the Black Knight and the
voice of the skull in, uh, No Fear.
Was he the voice of Sinstar?
Beware.
Yes.
I lit, that guy's awesome.
I think, I think it was him.
I want him to do bumpers for VoG.
But I could talk to him.
Sweet.
But, um, he, uh, he's also the guy that designed, uh, Twilight Zone and Black Knight.
Steve Ritchie.
He's, and he is the sweetest, sweetest guy.
Anyway, um, moving forward, he basically was the guy that suggested that it should scroll
in either direction.
So, it took six months to develop it and, uh, they really pushed it through and, uh,
so now, um, they have the, basically they added in the Planetscape background as sort
of an afterthought.
And if you'll notice, it's only a pixel wide, those lines, because the hardware wasn't powerful
enough to do anything better.
So basically after that six months, they really pushed it for, uh, for the try to get it done
by, um, AMOA.
But it took a lot later to do and they incorporated more things.
They had the swarmers, the pods, all the different gameplay.
And then they had, um, they created erasable programmable read-only memory chips for the
game to install the cabinets, but they didn't work.
So they actually had to do more to get it to work.
They got the attract mode operational.
They got all of the stuff done and finally had it playable.
So the game itself is basically, um, it's monaural sound.
It's pixel on CRT and it's being, uh, run by a Motorola again, uh, 6809 central processing
chip.
So, which is big stuff in 1980.
So the game actually, um, it didn't really attract a lot of attention in 1980 when it
came out, but it, uh, ended up, uh, being well received in the arcades.
And there were tons of crowds during the play testing.
So they actually did a cocktail version of this as well.
So like I said, they sold over 55,000 units worldwide.
I want a cocktail machine so fucking bad.
By 2004, the game was a collector's item.
Um, the upright cabinets you could still find, but the cocktail tables, of course, you know
how that went, you can hardly find them at all.
And, uh, it was actually considered one of the most successful games in 1981.
It outperformed Pac-Man.
Just saying.
Huh?
I mean, the graphics at its time or completely revolutionary.
It did things that you hadn't seen in the game before.
And you know, all this by a guy who had not ever done a video game before.
He didn't pinball.
But sometimes it just takes a different perspective.
You know?
Yeah.
But I mean, and since then we've had so many different games, uh, reference it so many
different games, uh, actually work off of things of it.
There were software bugs in the game that allowed people to extend their length of time.
And there was another one that kept track on how it scores.
So basically people could keep earning extra lives and stuff.
I mean, we're talking early game hacking, you know, this, you know, hacking, you know,
Street Fighter X Tekken is nothing new.
People were doing it in the 80s.
Um, you remember the dude that did Pac-Man Fever?
Little Buckner and Garcia?
Yeah, of course.
This was, uh, they did a, uh, um, song called The Defender on that album.
And Beastie Boys actually referred to it in Body Movin' because Beastie Boys are awesome.
So I mean, and if you think about this, how many other games do we have come out since
then that, like my, my favorite game, Fantasy Zone, is that not pretty much Defender?
It inspired, heavily inspired.
With Cutesy-ness?
You know, we had, and of course this, you know, basically opened the door to all kinds
of other games like, um, GORF and Phoenix.
So just saying, you know, as far as remakes, um, there was, uh, a game called Stargate
that was considered a sequel to Defender.
Um, different elements.
Uh, Midway put out Strike Force.
Some folks in chat, by the way, talking about, uh, Defender 2 on the NES, which was Stargate,
yeah.
You know, as far as, uh, other home versions came out, like Defense Command, Reptile, Drop
Zone, Protector 2, that copied the design.
Um, Chopper Command for Atari 2600 and, uh, Choplifter for Apple II, um, were, again, mimics
of Defender.
I didn't even think about that.
You're right.
Chopper Command really was the same damn game.
Yeah.
I remember.
I, uh, my friend owned that.
We used to play the shit out of that.
And it's been released on so many different, you know, re-releases like, uh, 1996's Williams
Arcade Greatest Hits, the 2000 Midway's Arcade, um, Greatest Arcade Hits, and 2003 Midway
Arcade Treasures.
We also, um, on Shockwave.com, you can play Defender.
Sorry, I just wanted to look really quickly at, uh, Chopper Command here on the Atari
2600.
Yeah, see, you have to protect your dudes on the bottom.
Yeah, the little trucks on the bottom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did they get lifted up by the choppers?
I forgot how that worked.
Oh, no, they're just getting, but that's the difference.
They don't get lifted up.
They just get, like, attacked.
Yeah.
You have to save the little astronauts in Defender.
That guy's not very good at Chopper Command.
But anyway, I mean, and then, um, in 2002, there, um, there was the sequel that, uh,
that was just called Defender that, uh, was, uh, uh, believe was the 3D that was, that
worked similarly.
So, but yeah, Defender.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Defender.
Good choice.
Now I, now I actually really do need to get a hold of Steve Ritchie.
All right, that's going to do it for part A of Orange Launch Radio, but don't go anywhere.
Part B is coming up next here on VOG, and we're going to start off with some big news
in part B, so I hope you guys don't go anywhere, because we'll be right back after this with
more of Orange Launch Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Launch Radio and our inaugural broadcast here on
the VOG, vognetwork.com, the voice of geeks network.
And right now, just three shows on the actual radio network, VOG network will be more than
just a radio station, but that's kind of the, that's the centerpiece of the dinner table
right now is the radio station.
Uh, just ourselves and, uh, Bobby Blackwolf, who you heard before us and the great folks
at under sedation live in their 11th year, God bless them or whatever you believe in,
uh, eight o'clock on Saturday Pacific, 11 o'clock Eastern.
They're late night cause they're dirty, but it's a good time, a little dirty, but it's
a good time.
You should definitely tune in.
I'll say this cause I know Jessica's in the chat right now.
Jessica will whip Travis into shape on Saturday night.
So if you want to hear him get a whooping tune in on Saturday, no, it's, it is a really
good time.
Uh, anyhow, I got to go back on that show and guess sometime for sure.
Anyway, we are here and, uh, talking about video games and thank God some late breaking
news, some late breaking news here on the VOG and orange lounge radio breaking news.
And we have to go to our correspondent for this story.
This isn't even my thing.
This was a, we've got to go to our core respondent for this story.
So I'm looking them up to give them a call right now, except, Oh, there he is.
I always look under the wrong name here.
So let's, uh, give our correspondent a little call here so we can talk about the breaking
news this evening, all the way in New York city.
Rama is joining us.
Hey Rama, you there?
Hey, I'm right here.
Sky.
How are you guys out in the Sacramento studios?
I'm relieved because the show is actually online tonight because trust me, there was
a plan B in case VOG didn't work, but it works.
I mean, despite the hiccup earlier, that was a Comcast fail.
We're shit.
We're used to those.
We've, we've had 10 years of those on the other networks we've been in.
So otherwise VOG's working great.
And I got to say this, I am so happy.
I can't even tell you.
We have hit higher numbers tonight on this new network than I've seen in a long, long,
long time.
And I think a lot of that really is just the combined forces of Bobby's audience and our
audience and you know, the curious looky-loos, the people that Geek Life brought in just
all kind of, you know, joining together tonight.
And I, I'm just so happy.
And I hope the momentum continues through the few weeks.
I'm all for that.
Yeah, me too.
So anyway, it's not, you're not calling us to talk about VOG tonight.
You have some news for us, I guess you become privy too.
What's going on Rama?
Yes, yes, yes.
I do have news.
Now recently with Anime Jam Session, we've gotten connected to another podcast out here
called the Brooklyn Otaku.
We've been joining forces and working on some projects.
Now one of the hosts of the Brooklyn Otaku hooked me up with some very privy information
today at the Sakura Matsuri.
What's that?
First off, Sakura Matsuri...
Cherry Blossom Festival.
Cherry Blossom.
Thank you.
I was going to let him explain, but that's all right.
There he goes.
Fair enough.
So Sakura Matsuri, you ran into your friends at Brooklyn Otaku and?
One of the hosts there has told me that the return of one of the greatest arcades in New
York City will be back.
Chinatown Fair is reopening this Friday.
Yay!
Chinatown Fair reopening this Friday.
I've never been to Chinatown Fair.
The legendary arcade in these parts was Arcade Infinity, which when I say in these parts
I mean six hours away.
But what makes Chinatown Fair so special?
Why is this big news for the East Coast folks?
It's like the bastion of arcade gaming.
This is where you go to play all the greatest, at the time, fighting games, dancing games,
all types of video games.
This is where you came.
It's like nowhere else in New York City you could go except here because it was quiet
or loud, however you want to take it.
And it was fun.
Plus there was also a chicken that could tell you a fortune.
Arcade Infinity did not have a fortune teller chicken.
That's right.
It did not have a fortune telling chicken.
It did have um jammerlami.
I didn't go to any of the other shops around there so they could have had fortune telling
chickens.
Is there a big opening plan thing scheduled?
I do believe the grand opening will be this Friday and from my understanding they're changing
things around a little bit.
It's going to be more of a Chuck E. Cheese, Dave and Buster style place.
I shudder when I hear Chuck E. Cheese but Dave and Buster, does that mean they're selling
booze?
Exclusive Chinatown Fair to carry booze in the parking lot.
I hope so.
I do believe I'll be going down there Friday after work to check it out and see what's
going on.
Well then I need picks and stuff for the VOG website feature stuff that will come later.
Oh definitely.
Dave and Buster's they mean not letting kids in.
Yeah that'll be great.
Exclusive kids band from the new Chinatown Fair.
That's good.
Well they were kind of sort of banned before.
Pretty much if you were in school and you were there during school hours you were escorted
out of the place but I've never been there during those times to see if they actually
enforce that rule.
Alright well thank you for sharing the news with us Rama and thanks to your friends at
The Other Show too.
Since we have you on the line I know you like to call in during the show later anyway.
Is there anything else you want to share with us tonight about your week?
Yeah but how about I save that for that portion of the show.
Okay then I guess we'll wait for that call later on.
Yeah if I can't make it on I can't make it on.
It is what it is.
We have a lot of new listeners.
Those will let the fresh blood in you know.
Yeah you gotta let other people have a turn once in a while Rama.
Alright take care buddy.
We're gonna get back to the show.
Oh he hung up there you go.
Alright there it is breaking news and also breaking news exclusive Loki's mic was off
that whole time says the chatters.
I don't know whatever.
Can we hear you?
I still can't hear you.
Is mine on?
I hear my voice.
Your mic is, talk for a minute for me.
Hello.
Oh god.
Didn't you, you didn't fiddle with anything over here?
No.
Oh.
Rob had one mute.
You fiddled with my microphone you bastard.
I had nothing intelligent to interject.
And the fail award of the evening goes to Rob for mute button fail.
Like I'd fiddle with a microphone.
What do you think I'd do?
Hey!
Chords!
I'm gonna yank on those.
You'd do it?
No he's gonna pretend he's Sanrio and chew on them.
I've never done that before.
Alright whatever.
I'm gonna hop up on the table and rage through the like.
So Rob this coffee is delicious thank you.
No you're welcome anytime.
I've just put up two pictures on the OLR website.
Sure that's what they wanted to see.
One of them was coffee and the other one was my mouse pad.
Alright I'll take a short, we're gonna get to rapid fire news but sure I'll take a question.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice so sometimes we get thrown random ass questions
in the VoG chat room and I'll answer them.
Nietzsche, OLR did you guys happen to play any of the Diablo 3 open beta?
If so what class did you play?
Hell no.
I didn't play the open beta but I played the closed beta back in October and I played a
monk and it was a lot of fun.
I played monk and witch doctor and I really preferred monk.
It was a good time.
I called the witch doctor.
It looked like, it looked interesting.
I played the original Diablo and I had fun with that.
I did not play any of the beta.
I got invited to the beta for missile pandarian but I don't play wow so I have no interest
in that.
Everyone pretty much got invited in the last wave.
Rapid fire news, let's get to it Loki.
So this is interesting, Joyride is getting a sequel.
Why?
Why?
I don't know.
It wasn't a very fun game.
It wasn't a very fun game but they're hoping to make it more fun by removing Kinect.
Isn't that ironic?
So yes, Joyride, not Kinect Joyride anymore, will be getting a brand new title on Xbox
Live Arcade.
It will be called Joyride Turbo and apparently it will have absolutely no Kinect support
whatsoever and it's going to be just standard controller support which is fine if you think
about it because originally it was supposed to be just a, you know, just an Xbox Live
Arcade title that was supposed to be free and then they were going to have a bunch of
other crap that you could download and expand it with because it was going to be a free
to play type thing.
They're going to have an all new stunt park and then I guess you can do different stunts
like jumping off cliffs and whatnot but that'll be coming out later on.
Maybe if it's, you know, supposed to be in the summer or something, maybe a part of their
summer thing that they're doing, I'm going to be willing to bet.
You know what?
It sounds kind of interesting then if it is without, you know, Kinect because Kinect kind
of hurt that game but it could have been fun.
So I'd be willing to check out the demo at least.
I'll check out the demo at least.
So hmm.
Alright.
Now something I really could care less about or couldn't care less I guess, Pikmin 2 is
getting its new play control game on the Wii this June.
Now for those who may not remember, they did this thing called new play control way back
in 2009 where they were taking some of these old GameCube games and adding some Wii support
on top of them and that's about it and they had a couple games that came out and then
they kind of stopped and this actually came out in Japan and Europe in 2009 but for whatever
reason they decided, hey, we're going to bring it out in the US now.
Thanks Nintendo for bringing this to us.
So the Wii could have a game although it isn't, what the hell is the name of that game?
The big?
Why?
It's escaping me.
The last story is coming out, yes.
I was going to say Litterbox Chronicles.
The last story is coming out in June but honestly they haven't had a first party Wii title since,
well, then Mario Party 9 had been the last first party Wii title and that was in the
beginning of March.
I mean they have an intended, they have the Pokemon Conquest game which you know, the
Ice D-Wares cross Pokemon.
Hey, I'm, I'm curious.
Let's just put it that.
I'm curious.
Um, I just think it's kind of like, here, here you go, this is something that you really
wanted.
So, so we're going to like, what is it, we're going to get the, fuck, I don't even remember
the other games that have been released in other territories but not, are we going to
get Captain Rainbow at some point, you know?
Are they going to like localize that?
What the hell is Captain Rainbow?
It was a game that came out in Japan that was, um, it was all these like old, uh.
What was the one with all the sexy men dudes that was like hole in the wall basically?
No, no.
That did come out here, didn't it?
That did come out here.
Yes, that came out here but Captain Rainbow did not.
Captain Rainbow was the one that had like all of the misfit Nintendo characters.
Like Birdo was in it and stuff like that and it was just ridiculous.
I want that, there's Birdo right there.
What are you playing as?
Captain Rainbow, dummy.
Shut up.
It's like just this panned out thing, I was like, he's Falcon Punching.
His eyes are big flames.
He's doing rainbow things to that door.
Maybe they just think we wouldn't get it.
I play it.
Exactly, it's really weird but um, there was another game though that was, um, and I don't
remember for the life of me what the hell it was called.
It was like Disaster Day in Crisis or something like that, I think.
You know what else we don't have here?
Tingle's Adventure or whatever that game was.
Yeah, it's because it sucked.
I'm sorry, no Tingle game here.
That's the new franchise Nintendo needs to explore, Tingle.
Listen, no they don't.
He is a really fucking annoying character.
We do not need to bring this crap back up.
Tingle's Epic Quest.
I would, Epic Tingle.
I will tell you what.
You know what, I think Epic Tingle would be a better game.
If they launch the Wii U at the Tingle game, I will buy that system.
I thought you were going to say you'd dress up finally, the bet we've been trying to get
forever.
You know that would actually be like the easiest costume ever because all you'd have to do
is like sweat in a hoodie.
Alright.
Moving on, do you have any other rapid fire news or is that it?
That was it.
No, no, I got one more and that's a little bit better and I'm sure this is gonna, this
may actually sell some vidas for some people.
DGMax Technica Tune is actually coming out to the North America region for the Vita this
summer and will also, I guess, you know, it looks pretty awesome.
It looks just like the arcade stuff.
Alright.
I'm very interested in DGMax Technica for the Vita actually.
I think it'll be very fun and I'm sure some of our music game fans in the chat room are
very much looking forward to this as well.
So I mean, that is, that was kind of cool.
Alright, let's move on to some other quick stories here.
First one about THQ, who's been having some financial issues lately, even though things
seem to be getting a little better, but one part is going away and that is ValueSoft.
You may not know what ValueSoft is.
I'm well aware of ValueSoft.
No, they make budget PC games.
So like when you see the little budget Wii games too.
$10 rack at Target of PC games and all that, it's, these games are in there.
I want to see they run by Activision at one time.
Maybe, but they're not going to be run by THQ anymore because they just sold it off.
Apparently they are the second largest US retail publisher of PC games in terms of units
sold.
I had no idea.
But anyhow, I guess what is happening, oh no, I'm sorry, Cosme is buying them and together
it will make them the second largest US retail publisher.
So I see where it is.
So ValueSoft was, wasn't, but now they will be with Cosme who they've sold it to.
To be fair, they do have their purpose in the industry.
It's like, you know, seriously, if you're having a game that you're putting out that
maybe is not that great and not necessarily that's not that great, but, um, at least there's
a publisher out there for your independent game if you really want to.
So if OLR the game ever becomes a reality, maybe on ValueSoft, right?
Yeah, yeah, digital is probably the better way to go.
So heads up to those folks that play games like City of Heroes, Champions Online and
Star Trek Online, which would be Dark Sakura, Cryptic Studios found out that their systems
have been hacked.
That's right.
They were hacked in December of 2010, about a year and a half ago, 16 months old when
this hacking issue went on and it was just discovered this week and an email went out
to everybody saying basically, LOL, we changed the passwords.
How did Cryptic find this 16 months later?
Through routine security checks and upgrades.
Of course, I'm thinking that's not very routine.
Is that the 16 month routine checkup?
Once every two years.
Account information, including passwords may have been accessed by an unauthorized party.
Of course, by now you probably would have had your account hacked.
Maybe that's how they got into the Xboxes.
No crap happened to my account.
Just letting people know I logged, I logged in and nothing, everything was still there.
So man, those hackers are good.
They turned Star Trek to free to play.
So I mean, they're pretty good.
So I spent an hour playing Dabo.
Yet another great tip to change your passwords and use unique passwords on every site.
And it says that your network provider checks their security logs more than once every 16
months.
All right.
And last but not least for my rapid fire news, Adam Sesser left G4.
Good for him.
You know what?
Hey, I understand you may joke, but you know what?
That guy, sadly, he was one of the good things from G4, not even G4, well, one of the good
things left on G4 and one of the good things from Tech TV back when they're around.
And you know, Bravo to him actually moving on to probably some better waters.
I mean, I don't know why the game blogs feel the need to continually cover G4.
G4 is not a gaming network and hasn't been for some time.
They're covering G4.
I think they're talking about Adam Sessler.
I don't think they care if a rat's ass about G4, I think they care about Adam Sessler.
I think that people are also curious- There's one response for that, Rob.
Did you kill a fly?
I think people maybe are hoping that he's going somewhere that will actually be gaming
related, but it is important to say, apparently it was a contract dispute that got him out
and you know, Comcast who owns G4, I'm sure wants to save money anywhere they can and
probably doesn't throw a lot of money at a network that some, you know, like didn't
DirecTV threaten to pull the plug on G4?
Maybe they already did?
Listen, we have enough cheater and cops reruns, we don't need you guys around here.
Honestly, G4 to me seems like a network that'd be better suited for the internet.
You know what I mean?
Just having like digital content on the internet because they don't have much content to begin
with.
It's literally cops and cheaters reruns all the fucking time.
The internet doesn't need them now, they have us.
And in fact, there's several folks in the chat room that say, Sessler should come to
vlog.
I, he is, the door is open.
I will, I would love to interview Adam Sessler.
We can't pay you though.
We'll pay him in Starbucks.
Exactly.
He will probably be getting less money than you were beginning with G4.
Some folks seem to think he could go to Polygon.
Again, this is all rampant speculation because you know, he just, I don't think he was planning
on leaving.
He thought the contracts would go through, but they didn't.
Polygon of course is that whole kind of Voltron of the guy who used to be the editor in Chiba
Kotaku and the like three editor guys from Joystiq and a bunch of people all coming together
for that one.
So.
Hmm.
Anyhow, uh, he's gone and G4 takes one more step away from gaming.
Moving on.
Dark Soccer.
Vel, moving, no we won't pay him in Pinkberry.
That Pinkberry's for us.
That's right.
I'm not giving up my Pinkberry.
Hell no.
I'm giving up my portion of Pinkberry.
You know what?
He can have the Peach Pinkberry.
He can have the Peach, all the Peach, and the Lychee shit when it comes back.
Oh yeah.
You can have the Lychee too.
So the Perpetual Testing Initiative DLC for Portal 2 will be available for PC and Mac
on May 8th and I'm downloading the shit out of it, but there's nothing saying about it
being on any of the consoles.
I second that.
I mean, I haven't redeemed my copy of Portal 2 for the PC on, um, my Steam thing that came
with the PS3.
You know, it might've had an expiration date, so you might want to look into that.
Damn it.
You better be careful.
Whatever.
Um.
It's like super cheap anyway now.
Yeah.
But I'm totally going to be writing a review on that when I download it because, you know,
my favorite thing to do in Sims, in Sims 3 was build houses.
Now I'll be building tests.
Would you like to play a game?
Oh God.
So, uh, for Dragon Quest fans, Dragon Quest X, um, which is the Wii...
Sorry.
I'm just imagining your dream OLR Studios level.
With Loki and I in a perpetual fall.
Oh my God.
You guys would be the perfect Atlas and Peabody.
That should be your cosplay as Atlas and Peabody.
I know who's Atlas.
Moving on.
So anyway, um, for Dragon Quest fans, Dragon Quest X, um, which is, uh, the MMO, uh, launching
in Japan on August 2nd, Squeenix has told everybody.
It will be for the actual disc is, um, 6980 yen, which is about 86 bucks and it's 20 days
of free play.
It will include a USB memory stick for an extra, uh, 2000 yen and, uh, like 23 bucks
here.
And, uh, there is going to be a Wii U version, but they have no details on this one.
The subscription fee is a thousand yen, basically a 1235 in US dollars.
And that's a 30 day voucher that gives you to play up to three characters.
Sixty days is 1950, 90 days will be 2,900.
So somebody was just asking the other day to square a while subscription is square.
Square Enix had any other MMOs and I forgot about this one, but yeah, Dragon Quest 10,
no news about it over here.
Maybe this is probably an E3 thing.
I don't know the American version.
I don't think the launch, you know, Dragon Quest is still a big thing here.
I understand it is in Japan.
It would be a big thing for launch, but I don't think it is not above square to talk
about games that are coming out three years from now at E3.
That is very true.
So Final Fantasy 13 versus, yes, yes, exactly.
I get to, Oh God, I hope, I hope versus makes the holiday this year.
I really want zero to come out over here.
Oh yeah.
Cause I want to play the hell out of that.
So how about my last bit for rapid fire news, Silent Hill Downpour.
There actually is a patch, there's two patch announcements, one for Silent Hill Downpour
and then we have Silent Hill HD Collection to fix the frame rate problems and audio syncing
and downpour and the auto save in the Silent Hill HD Collection and they should be coming
out and the quote is in the coming weeks, but, uh, there's no patch yet to make a Silent
Hill HD Collection.
Good.
Yeah.
We should spend a little bit more time on figuring out how fog works.
Fog is hard.
It's just like, come on Silent Hill.
Oh, the monsters don't work.
Well, let's just release it anyways.
I mean, that's about as integral as the fog.
The fog is kind of important there.
All right, let's go to the FUGL question of the week.
We've kind of missed this the past couple of weeks, so I think it's time we get to the
FUGL question.
I haven't missed it at all.
Why haven't you missed?
Are you, are you hating on the FUGL?
No.
I'm being a bitch.
Except, oops, I didn't have the FUGL theme song up tonight.
Shame on me.
Fail fired.
We're hiring Adam Sessler Robbed.
You guys would fire.
Exclusive Adam Sessler to replace Rob.
Here it is.
There it is.
FUGL.
Every week on our Facebook community and our Google Plus community, we ask a question and
get your answers.
Combine Facebook and Google and you get FUGL.
That's why it's our FUGL question of the week.
Now that Sony has announced their own Smash Brothers style game, should Microsoft start
working on one?
Why or why or why not wouldn't this be a good idea?
If you think it's a good idea, what character would you most want to see in the game?
We got one answer on Google Plus, so there are people using Google Plus.
Danny Kaye says, I don't really think they have enough first party games to justify a
game like that.
Ah, exactly.
That's a theme we're seeing quite a bit through some of the answers going over to Facebook
where we had lots of answers and I love this one from Bobby Blackwolf who posted a link
to a picture on a NeoGaf forum of what an Xbox Super Smash Brothers game would look
like and it's just a select screen for Xbox 360 Ultra Heroes Ultimate Fight and it's 15
different versions of Master Chief, all in different colors and shapes on the select
screen.
You know what this is missing though is the female Master Chief with a bow in her hair.
Mrs. Chief.
Katsuhiko Janai says, I don't want to play as Microsoft Bob or Clippy.
See, I like thinking, think outside the box, don't just make it the video games, make it
all the...
Clippy would be awesome.
I'm not thinking outside the Xbox.
Getting to kick the shit out of Clippy I think would sell...
Or the damn dog.
That ugly ass dog.
You know what character needs to be in the game Rob, seriously, Comic Sans so I can beat
the shit out of it.
All right.
Stan H says, I agree with Blackwolf, Microsoft doesn't have enough first party characters
to fill a decent sized roster for today's fighting game.
You need to have at least 15 and I can't think of anyone besides Master Chief and Milo unless
they have a Kinect that has legs and arms with boxing gloves on.
I know, that was funny.
James A says though, I must confess, I'd love to see Joanna Dark in such a game.
Cameo too.
So some folks are starting to think of some others.
Red the Haze says, no, even though Microsoft has a far more popular titles with characters
like Master Chief, they just don't have as much of a history to draw from like Sony or
Nintendo since they're relatively new to the console gaming business.
They have a few recognizable characters to choose from, they have Master Chief, Fable
Dude, Gears of War characters.
Another thing, most of the popular characters on the Xbox are from shooter games, throwing
characters from shooter games into a Smash Brothers type fighting might not go so well
with the Dude Bro gamers who are primarily in the Xbox shooters.
Though if they ever made one, I would love to see the President and Vice President from
Metal Wolf Chaos, that would totally change my mind.
Now I like what Jim H. said, they really, even if they don't, even if they can muster
up a roster, they really don't make those kinds of games.
Maybe an all-star shooter, so like an all-star melee rampage in first person.
Just call it like a Microsoft capture the flag, I don't know.
There you go.
Uh, let's see.
Now Gio Video goes a different way with this.
Well considering Nintendo was able to use Sonic and Snake, it doesn't have to be characters
exclusive to Microsoft, just characters they're willing to pay money for.
And since there are games like Metal Gear, Final Fantasy 13, Devil May Cry, that have
come into the Microsoft franchise, I can see them paying for the use of those characters
as well as Microsoft exclusives.
Also since it's Microsoft, perhaps a paper clip that fights with well-placed sarcastic
comments and uses itself like a sword.
You're also forgetting the fact that there's Xbox Live Arcade, there's plenty of shit on
Xbox Live Arcade.
That's true.
You can do Castle Crashers, you can have, you know, um, what was it, uh...
You know what's funny?
Tony B. said that.
Xbox Arcade characters swap out Master Chief for Bastion, Tim from Brave, Knights from Castle
Crashers, dude from Plants from Zombies, Splosion Man.
So there you go.
Uh, Orangewrite says Microsoft owns Rare, Rare has the Battletoads.
Think about it.
President Cat would not work by the way, Tigerclaw, because that...
Didn't Rare also do Killer Instinct?
Yes.
Oh, but Nintendo technically owns that.
I don't care, let's do a new Battletoads game.
Fuck any of this other shit, who gives a crap about this?
Battletoads is the devil.
I don't care.
That game's freaking hard.
Battletoads with like even more, more difficulty.
And then it had that like level music, the pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft
pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft
pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft
pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft pfft p
twitter.com slash olr and Milo be terrible too because I have family
issues and I'm gonna shoot you in the face all right let's get back into some
other news Loki exclusive no I'm kidding so yes there there's a little bit of
talk about the next Smash Brothers game no we're not talking about PlayStation
one for the Wii U and the 3ds and one of the things that they're really pushing
for is cross support for those two platforms to be able to brawl against
each other of course you know who wouldn't want to do that it says
there's a certain dead end we can we come to if we just expand the volume of
the game us of course I intend to change the direction a little bit as we go the
key is that there's going to be its dual support for 3ds and Wii U so they're
gonna have some sort of you know cross play between the platforms which really
in this day and age is not that big a deal I mean the PSP and PlayStation 3 do
that the Vita and the PlayStation 3 do that not a huge deal it depends on how
like you know well integrated it is to you know well you know with that Wii U
controller being the bottom half of a 3ds I'm pretty sure that they'll be able
to pull it off I'm still excited about the next Smash Brothers it's a good
franchise yeah it'll be great to launch the next 3ds or the revision of the 3ds
it'll probably announce it oh don't give them ideas you jerk ideas they already
have ideas well nobody could call this idea that's for damn sure this game is
calling out idea either it's called NBA baller beats hey I thought you know
music game fans would enjoy this NBA baller beats it is being described as a
fun high-energy and first-of-its-kind participative the basketball video game
launching this fall exclusively on connect for the 360 you play this game
with an actual basketball in your living room it has licensed tracks from artists
like Kanye West run DMC gorillas hey there you go
common tiesto so and so much more apparently USA today got their hands on
the game and say it's a rhythm music game not like a dribbling coach like a
rhythm music game you bounce the ball to the beat of the music you have a visual
cue that's a line of basketballs on a musical trail and you have to do
specific moves like an icon might prepare you for an upcoming basketball
move also in time with the music you might have to cross over from one hand
to the other dribble between the legs do a pass fake or a shot fake it's creative
I got it to give it that but I'm like how in the fuck is this gonna work
because if you're playing it in your living room how do you bounce a ball on
your carpet I used to live in a house with hardwood floors but even then I
don't think my roommate would appreciate me playing this game well apparently
dribbling is going to be very close to the body because that's the way it is in
basketball they don't encourage you to dribble at the TV or whatever let's see
apparently it is possible to play baller beats in a carpeted room it will work
the ball will work on most services but that doesn't I guess shag rugs won't
work but the carpet should I don't know what the heck to take from that I feel
like I should say that's what she said but I I'm sorry it's just like this
sounds stupid I not that it's an I'll give them props to the fact that it's a
unique game idea now there's a little trailer here I've got it has been try
like this before but I think for good reason because it's stupid because it's
just I don't think this is gonna work well connect I think this is gonna be
annoying if you're in a goddamn apartment and also especially if you're
upstairs yes especially if you're upstairs and it's just I mean I was
looking in this trailer for clips of the game but I don't think I'm gonna see it
oh wait no there's a guy it's just him in the living room bouncing a ball but
he doesn't actually shoot the ball I mean you kind of care you fake shooting
it but which icons gonna indicate the you know me throwing the ball into the
TV because that's kind of you know a risk hopefully this thing is made out of
nerve because that's the only way you're gonna like not break your TV how many
lamps is this game gonna there's no in-game footage at all okay whatever I'm
sorry but like these games that come out for connect nobody can fucking take this
shit seriously they'd be honest Majesco hasn't really had a lot of games that
take the Kinect seriously I think the last game that they released for the
Kinect was the twister game twister for Kinect yeah no no this port this should
be an Xbox Live arcade game but it's not pork chocolate you can't get a little
nerfy ball from Xbox Live arcade nerfy derpy this will be on the aisle right
next to babysitting mama with the little wee baby that you shove the wiimote up
yet but that did well it's on sale at Target yeah it didn't cry pork chop and
chat says my ears are burning at the sound of this ass hattery and that's
pretty much what most people in the chat room boils down to you know I gotta
admit I as dumb as this sounds you guys I'm not gonna lie I kind of want to try
it just to say I did cuz it's not like any other Kinect game I've seen yet I
guess it's kind of a dance game at its core but if I could do the thing with
the ball like that guy hey I'd be fly I could get chicks Dark Sakura would buy
I'd be hot if I could dribble the ball you're becoming whiter knock it off all
right we're gonna go to the mailbag every week you guys send us emails they
don't and tell me about the things I shouldn't be doing no they don't mailbag
at orange lounge radio.com they really don't send anything we have one email
one email this week I guess everybody just just thought with the network
switch we wouldn't have time for emails I'm gonna hope that was it so this comes
from Robert M I was wondering whether Dark Sakura has had a chance to try the
pinball arcade either the is version or the latest console download although
video pinball simply can't really compete with the experience of real
physical tables what her overall impressions were actually I did download
it I haven't had a chance to play it yet I thought I talked about this on last
week or the week I have the iOS version yeah and I have I have literally not I
downloaded it that's it I played it on 360 it's um it's a faithful recreation
of the tables it's it really is just like the compilations they already put
out it's just this is kind of a different way of distributing it and I
think it's some different tables too I was thrilled to be able to play on
theater magic theater magic so one of the greatest tables ever I could try
loading it up so to be able to play that and Arabian Nights is that what the
table is actually called I have another name to it so I always remember this but
I love theater magic so to be able to play that again is great you know
there's things I like about pinball FX 2 and there's things I like about this
game certainly this game has the classic table feel to it and I get to play all
those old tables and kind of reminisce but I like that pinball FX has you know
Arabian tales of the Arabian Nights okay good Ripley's believe it or not black
hole I love black hole theater of magic bride of pin bot you know I used to have
that table hey bride of pinball wasn't on medieval madness yep there's one love
medieval more games on the iPhone they're on the Xbox unless I unless it's
all DLC I haven't checked out yet see probably connecting would you like to
restore your purchase tables on this time I see you got to purchase them on
there too sucker all right I'm buying the hell out of medieval madness mailbag
at orange lounge radio.com send us more emails next time now we're gonna get
into oh I'm sorry hello there was more than
the end of the email my god you know what happens when you assume you make an
ass out of you and not me wouldn't I that be a tsunami
Japanese it was my golden week tree anyway anyway whatever um it's as
incidentally as far as I'm concerned it would only be ironic if it was raining
during the wedding of a local weather reporter that's it oh I'm so glad we
held up the whole goddamn show to hear that you know what we have to read every
little word that's on our listeners email out of respect Rob you're right
out of fun right voice of geeks fucking when they're talking about rain on your
wedding day that's a current song and of course the joke is as current oh my god
they play that at work anyway the done it's current at the dentist office all
right moving on hey the dentist office is you know the pulse of the
entertainment community what a perfect time to segue into the F use of the week
a few to this thing for not letting me download this however the table pack is
like five bucks sucker yeah Loki if you the fact that I'm full there's more bread
sticks if you did the fact that I'll eat that knowledge guy I save room for
dinner actually I had a really fucking amazing week so I can't really say F you
today F you to the fact that I'm moving at work on Thursday it's not that you
know I'm you know I don't care about the whole reorg or whatever I think it's
gonna be interesting but the fact that I have to actually physically move meaning
pack up all my shit at my desk into a box let some other mover take it because
I'm a liability if I move it myself I don't want to move but hey at least the
new building has a gym hey at least you won't use it movers yeah they normally
I have to move my own shit Oh F you to the fact that I sound really lazy right
now that's really otherwise I had an amazing amazing week and I I really
can't wait I'm I want to talk more about what happened this week on next week's
show because I can't talk about it now but I'll talk about it next week all
right moving on let's get some more news Loki so this is kind of interesting it
leaked out on the PlayStation Network Store one of the PlayStation 1 classics
for the Vita it was actually in the European store Buzz Lightyear of Star
Command was the game it's been pulled so far but however it doesn't work yet it's
it's like it's missing a patch or something like that but apparently that
is a very good indicator that they're gonna be having some PlayStation 1 games
available very soon for the PlayStation Vita thank God I hope they all are
because that would be that would be a great library to just open my Vita to
you know Final Fantasy 7 hello yeah what else do I want Castlevania and now you're
getting some of these through ps2 Silent Hill the original yeah is free right
now on PlayStation Plus hopefully the plus stuff works on the Vita maybe they
have to get all that worked out I don't know but yeah I'm looking forward to
that that's gonna I know it sounds really weird that like you know it's
like oh I'm excited about old ass 15 year old games on my portable console
but you know I don't know I just there's a lot of stuff I have now that I didn't
when my PSP was all the rage and those screens are so big and crystal clear
like I'm it's most likely something they'll announce at e3 I think I gotta
wait that long and let I will only accept that if it's a one of those well
we're gonna be patching the PlayStation 1 titles into the Vita today you know
how sometimes there's that whole today announcement like what did Microsoft
have googly eyes on the Kinect today connect that was a googly eyes laser
pointer you know I liked it better some of that stuff was cute no no I liked it
better was that the second year we went to e3 2006 mm-hmm and they fucking had
hey listen you know what I know a lot of you people can't go to e3 so we're gonna
put some of those demos that are at e3 on your console that was fucking that
great that was great but they don't do that shit anymore they never do that
anymore it was like lost planet and I'd play this shit out of that demo over and
over again and MotoGP but I didn't give a shit about that but at least Capcom
got it once you know there I mean they should really do that again or as orange
right in the chat room says Saturn is coming out today things were different
back then though when the Saturn came out technology wasn't the way it is now
like I think if they were to do a system launch like that it would be a lot
different or at least like you know maybe not today but like it's coming out
next Friday that's like Apple yeah Apple does that works for them all right
anyhow uh well you just talked about one thing Capcom does right let me tell you
about something Capcom does very wrong oh that's a long the Megaman franchise
it is of note and I wanted to bring it up here on the show that the 100,000
strong for bringing back Megaman Legends 3 actually hit a hundred thousand
members this week I'm one of them yeah I think I am too so there you go and this
that is something that the million moms couldn't accomplish the 1 million moms
against Ellen or whatever dumbass hattery that stuff was so the hundred
thousand strong for Megaman Legends I liked they set a reasonable goal they
didn't say millions for a Megaman Legends they said a hundred thousand
strong for Megaman Legends because getting a million people in your
Facebook group that's reserved for things like Betty White hosting Saturday
Night Live and things like that that's you got to get one of those to get a
million a hundred thousand though is no small feat that's that's great
hundred thousand strong so important that if you are a member of the group
and you have not joined the dev room community at part of Capcom mm-hmm make
sure you do that because that's what Capcom is actually looking at assuming
that they're actually looking at something maybe this is gonna pressure
Capcom into an announcement this e3 we'll see well you fans you demanded it
so we're gonna finally port those games over that we've been promising oh I'm
sorry that's into Rama in our chat room says sky I know people on that group
they fucking occupied the Capcom booth at comic-con as hilarious as that
imagery is that's kind of messed up because the people at the booze manning
the floor especially at an event like comic-con probably aren't really the
decision-makers like yeah but the word will get back I guess that's true but I
don't know if that's exactly the best way to go about doing it to make a scene
like that but whatever different strokes for different folks I wonder if now
they're gonna release it and be all like because the fans demanded it this is the
fan game shit it worked for operation rainfall I go back go back two years ago
on this show and that whole operation rainfall thing first started we all sat
here saying hey chance in hell that's gonna work sorry guys look at what
happened earthbound yet it works we're having to eat our work it worked or game
stuff decided hey we're in a back well need to bring it over here and then
another publisher let's say last story let's say it worked for the last story
well last story was a different publisher Nintendo didn't have anything
well but it still worked somebody noticed that somebody put it out and
somebody took the risk that Nintendo wouldn't take and no one fucking
recognized president cat I mean seriously president cat there was a big
campaign behind it for a few weeks and then well I'm maybe president cat will
be a Wii U launch time perhaps we need a hundred thousand strong for president
can I think we had a good 50 on Twitter 50 period all right moving that's how
many copies of the game sold in Japan to apparently all right dark Sakura another
story please well there was a leak yeah I know everything I've talked about so
far has been leaks but there was video footage out for Rayman legends that was
a the Wii U version and it showed the how its graphical power the touchscreen
tablet and the near field communication basically it had everything on there and
then we had a statement put out by Ubisoft that said yeah this is real and
they're working on it at the Montpelier is that how it's pronounced studios
right now and basically they said that yeah it's not the final game don't use
that as representative but in fact here's actually what they're uh the
actual statement is I'll just read it an internal video showing images of Rayman
origin sequel what has leaked over the internet the video was intended as a
purely internal demonstrate demonstrative video and in no way
represents the final game the final console or their features the video was
destined for internal production teams who often create game prototypes with
work-in-progress development kits Ubisoft confirms the development of Rayman
legends handled by I guess that's Michelle Ancel and his team in Montpelier
so that's it well sucks for them that that got out but these things tend to
happen I don't know why you would create a sizzle reel for a different department
in your company we have a big company demos yeah I think it's more like
something that there's gonna show at e3 that kind of could be or it could have
been an early I mean maybe not the final cut so to speak I could see I have heard
it would be in case of keeping funding I have heard from people that I know that
work in development and so forth that they do sometimes these you know because
when you have these offices all over the place all over the world you do
sometimes have these pow-wows be it virtually or whatever where folks are
kind of like this is what we're working on this is what we're working on any
industry does this in my job it's called best practices I'm a trainer and my
training department gets together with other training departments we talk about
what's what's what are we doing right right now what can we learn from you
guys that's what we do I mean any big company does something like that it's
not a secret so I think this is just a part of that now they're gonna go with
other departments about not leaking your yes now that's the meeting that has to
be held next anyways as I was alluding to earlier in the show this is what's
wrong with the goddamn industry right there is this whole I'm assuming that
most people have seen the video and they're talking about you know the Wii U
integration and stuff like that which is cool you know the whole like oh one
person's on the Wii U tablet and they're you know moving the platforms or
whatever it's kind of like how they do it in a little big planet with like the
move support and the like the original thing although then your few near
field communication stuff scares me because that shit Skylanders all over
fucking again I mean it's like oh hey you want Rabbids world place the rabid
statue on the tablet oh you want to play it with Enzo place the Enzo statue on
the tablet oh you want hearts of the game place the heart session deposit 25
cents into your Wii U it's physical DLC is what that shit is and people are
fucking stupid and will buy the shit I want a statue of a rabbit and you've
suckered somebody in the purchasing a deep piece of DLC that would have been
$2 normally but it's a fucking cheap-ass statue that you're gonna pay $8 for not
gonna lie though if I could like get a cadence statue that would unlock an all
caden level in Mass Effect I would be all over that I would I would bow down
to that statue I love you game I'm just saying it it's Nintendo's tried this
with you know fucking AR cards with Kid Icarus if they're just experimenting
with this because they saw how successful Skyler's was and Skylanders
was a franchise that doesn't really exist it has Spyro in it but fuck it's
not really Spyro anymore and it's not really a Spyro franchise but it's the
brand-new franchise that with no backing and they sold toys and people were like
oh my god I need this toy even though it's like what the fuck is this toy I
mean it's just this new thing but can you imagine if fucking Mario did that if
there was a Mario game with a bunch of fucking statues it's a get you know
franchise with an established fan base already and then you're selling all this
cool shit on top of it that people oh I got to have this stuff or Pokemon oh I
need all the Pokemon statues so I can unlock them in game can you imagine and
I know you probably thinking oh that's ridiculous no it's not it's fucking in a
couple years time is what's gonna happen and then it's gonna get fucking
ridiculous Ross deal UT in the vog network chat room says calm down Loki
they're gonna be cash-ins for this you're not gonna see this take off
long-term act-def says Nintendo already did this with the e-reader but I don't
think the e-reader necessarily took off it was a neat idea and I I think it was
a great idea with some of like the stuff they did for Animal Crossing and stuff
but I mean I was a little different unlocking the Legend of Zelda or Super
Mario Brothers in a game is pretty cool compared to like you know and how much
were those cards they weren't them expensive man the old-school Animal
Crossing on the GameCube did it the best with the whole like old games oh man
that's such a deal that Nintendo wants you to forget ever happened all right
so I I got to share this funny comment from Shane cuz I was talking about the
cadence statues so Shane's in our chat room at the vog network calm oh excuse
me vog network calm I almost said the old chair who somebody everybody in
chats waiting for one of us to fuck up tonight and say something old
Shane says I would buy all those statues talking about the cadence statues all up
before you could even see one Rob can I tell you a funny story about Shane we
were talking in the car while I was on my way I this week I drove to LA at
midnight I drove to LA from midnight to 5 a.m. I had Victoria with me but I had
to drive to stock to the Stockton area to pick Victoria up from Sacramento she
lives in a town called Livermore for those of you guys familiar with
California so it's about an hour and a half away from where I'm at so I'm
driving down there about 10 o'clock at night and I call Shane on the road just
you know I'm like Shane entertain me so he's talking about I'm trying to pick
out a new gamertag and I can't think of I can't think of what gamertag to pick
out cuz I want a new gamertag and I asked him if I could share this with you
guys and I said well Shane you need to just put something you really love in
your gamertag he's like I can't get Caden everything everything Caden is
taken I said why don't you make your gamertag Shane a lingo like you've
married cuz Caden's name is a lingo I said why don't you make your gamertag
Shane a lingo and he's like I'm gonna do that yes and he changed his gamertag so
he's now Shane a lingo he took Caden's name what Cadence no that doesn't work
all right anyhow there it is that was your random tangent story hey two more
stories which is a lot more interesting than your grocery store dance thank you
thank you shut up all right two more stories and then Twitter and Skype well
this is an unusual chain of events apparently Nexon is looking to take
over EA they're actually bidding to buy EA apparently they're really big in South
Korea and they have a lot of money I don't think that they're actually gonna
take them over but it's interesting that they're trying it's kind of funny that
somebody's like trying to take on EA but everybody's laughing kind of pointing
laughing that's going how cute and you're just waiting for it to flip the
other way why don't we buy you always a bigger fish who do you think could buy
EA if anyone Microsoft Sony I guess I mean who's bigger than EA at this point
in the gaming why would they want to like a Viacom or something like that to
stop EA from all this multi-platform online stuff they're trying to do and
lock EA and all their games into one particular system I can't imagine
Microsoft event key oh yeah hey sports games we have them no one else says
Facebook is gonna pay 1 billion dollars for Instagram surely there's a way if
Microsoft wants it bad enough they could snap up EA and every every EA exclusive
is now Microsoft exclusive including the sports franchises Mass Effect Dragon Age
I'm thinking of all the Bioware stuff is this the stuff I like but you know all
the battlefield battlefield I mean but because of that EA probably just cost
too damn much yeah team Ron in our chat room says Ted Turner should buy EA Ted
Turner actually they tried to do gaming Turner was game tap turn the Turner
Network stuff started game tap back in the day back when game tap was alright
game tap was really interesting when it finally they could come back if they
really yeah I kind of went to crap since the beginning like it just now it just
blends in with the rest when it had kind of like its own player and they were
talking about like the desktop stuff and all that and had its own launcher it was
really neat looking now it's just it just looks like any other it just it
blends right in with everything else like what game flies doing and all that
other stuff so and plus for a while game tap was like the only place you could
play missed online some of that other stuff you should come out with the
console it'll be a PC from like ten years ago they'll the old stuff maybe
who knows hey what do we do these old PCs they kind of I've got an idea don't
you see that happen with the NES stuff like you see those are the the oh yeah
like you know 101 built into the NES because all the patents on the old NES
stuff is expired the actual hardware pirates don't give a fuck yeah exactly
well and Nintendo doesn't really protect it very well either I don't know if they
can't or what the deal is but let's see DJ Dark Knight in our chair and says
totally forgot about game tap lol yeah that's game taps problem they used to
have really funny commercials and the reason why was because they had Turner
Network behind them so they had the the ability to do some fun TV stuff sake in
our chat room hi sake says yep game tap resurrected missed online or ooh was the
name of that I did I missed online was creepy this is kind of a creepy game to
me by the way since I say eggs and chat I should say everybody check out walking
dead just came out I think say would appreciate me throwing that out there
all right one more story for you guys and then the skype line at one eight
seven seven game olr or our username on skype orange lounge radio this is a new
story about an old game that's new again what do I mean by that well 30 years
after the fact something that was supposed to be impossible has finally
happened the game star castle has been condensed onto an Atari 2600 cartridge
that's right remember the game star castle nope well somebody does I actually
I think it was a pretty big game in the 80s but because it never had a home port
I think a lot of people forgot it well what's interesting Howard Scott Warshaw
who made you know yards revenge et love him or hate him he made some great games
and some bad games on the Atari 2600 he said star castle could never be stuffed
into a game cartridge that's why they never did it because they just there was
no way they could have done it in 8k well Scott Williamson who was one of
these guys back in the day that was doing stuff for the 2600 he never
believed it so here we are 30 years later I love this this is like something
Loki would do don't you ever tell me I can't do something because damn it
someday I'm gonna fucking do it here we are 30 years later and Scott Williamson
achieved it he got star castle down into a format for the Atari 2600 he is now
the technical director at development studio high voltage what I think is
really cool though they made this custom cartridge and I actually really love
this there's a great YouTube where you can check this out the frickin cartridge
lights up they built these little lights into the cartridge so that as you're
playing it I'm trying to get to like a part where you see it in the video here
because I don't want to play the whole like two and a half minute video it's
pretty cool yeah oh yeah the game looks great but there's a part in it where you
actually see the little cartridge is like lighting up with the game it's
technology like at the time oh my god can you imagine if somebody had done
this when Atari 2600 was like new yeah oh there it is here look at this part
here in the video see like it's lighting up with the game and you can actually
buy that cartridge you can and if you want to get a copy of the cartridge you
know they're trying to fund an effort right now to get that cartridge made
they want to make a lot of these and sell these so where does everybody go
and they need money fast in this day and age kick-farter that's right it's a kick
farter so if you go to Kickstarter it's the Atari 2600 star castle I gotta say
this one's I I like this better than a lot of the ones I've read the goal is
reasonable $10,000 and $10,000 they've already met it with 24 days to go
they're already at $14,000 and if you want to get a copy of the cartridge I
think it's $50 or more yeah yeah pledge $50 you get the clear cast acrylic star
castle cartridge featuring lights that flash with the game action serial number
and and so forth that's one of the few that I can get behind I mean it sounds
pretty cool just for the fact that I'd be buying the actual cartridge I am
forever more they're going to refer to those things as kick-farters that's a
great name I am so against them except if they give me money I don't know man
I I've contributed to two and both are pretty good video game high school and
shadowrun because I like me some shadowrun and Freddie Wong man whatever
whatever he makes it wants money for I'll pay for it all right I think that's
about the time where we're gonna open up the skype line die oh yeah I have Skype
open I just had us on D&D so let me unlock that there and we're gonna cast
magic missile it's open it's on D&D right one do not disturb 1 8 7 you're a
little disturbing all right oh you have a last minute story go for it I was
interested in awesomenauts it turns out that their publisher DTP entertainment
filed for as they say overseas insolvency which is pretty much the
equivalent of bankruptcy so it may not make them a second really state but um
Romano games which is the developers really trying to work on getting it out
so so I'm looking at our chat room at chat owners on traded calm I noticed
sake is suddenly getting an impromptu interview in the chat room because
people are like saying did you work on walking dead that was awesome because
apparently walk I have not played it myself yet because I haven't watched the
show although I understand the game is based off the books I do still want to
check it out because I hear it's really good everybody's really loving the game
so sake is giving an impromptu interview at vog network calm and I want to
mention what Blackwell says in the chat room $50 is about how much you'd be
paying for a custom 2600 cartridge anyway so that's a decent price I paid
40 bucks for halo 2600 somebody actually did halo 2600 all right mm-hmm let's go
to the phones hi you are on orange launch radio who's this this is Shane
also known as Shane Alenko thanks to you hey Shane what's up um nothing I'm just
playing the wild bay that's night oh I'm bored you're just calling to say hey
no actually I was thinking about stuff but yes I decided to call said stuff you
can hear more about the Wow beta on best little horde house in Azeroth at www.hordehouse.com
we have nothing to say about horde house and vog yet but we'll see so
anyway Shane what did you really want to call it about um I was thinking about
those rumors of the midnight purple 3ds since it's popping up all over the place
on a room like online sites it's not a rumor they have a picture of it well
because it was 83 as one of the concept colors a long time ago I wasn't well it
might not be that specific color it could be slightly changed do I if that
if if that color comes out that will be the first time I will ever as I call it
quote pull a Shane and buy a $250 system just because it's in a nice new color
I will I'm gonna upgrade if that's the case because I can't tell the difference
between blue and purple so to me it's a new blue system for me I'm really happy
with that but wouldn't that make it all the less I don't know likely they would
announce a redesign at e3 for the 3ds no no because they were still releasing
even after the DSI XL came out they released the DSI and like pretty pink
and all this stuff so not necessarily plus I it may still be too soon this
year still may be too soon for the redesign the 3ds is only a year old I
see this is the kind of thing that's in a two-year cycle and also because
they're trying to make sure that they're not losing more money on they're adding
more components to a system might not be a good idea yeah this year is about the
Wii U I don't think I mean certainly they still want people to buy the 3ds
but I don't do a 3ds XL with the extra add-on built in I just don't think they
would do a 3ds XL or whatever and owe the Wii U in the same year I think this
year will be the Wii U next year will be their 3ds redesign year after that
something some huge add-on for the Wii U or something okay then what about this
what game are they going to launch that makes that color make sense what purple
yeah because they tend to launch games that kind of fit with the new color
schemes like they had in Japan they had the Fire Emblem blue they've had stuff
similar to that I don't know I can't think my Pokemon purple no Luigi's
Mansion 2 or Animal Crossing while Luigi takes over the world because he was
purple right yeah maybe he's in crappy Luigi's Mansion 2 very hopefully is
better than that e3 demo I played there you go or what else what else is purple
Barney the Barney the dinosaur he's coming back you know well maybe maybe
the license on Barney now that it's been 20 years is so cheap maybe somebody else
is licensed them and now we can finally get our Barney killer game Barney
sniper so 90s already Barney 20 years after nobody hold on hold on hold on are
you all sitting here and telling me that if some company released a game called
birthday party Barney sniper you would not be the least bit interest no I would
not be actually no I am so over that excuse me excuse me
Shane this whole wood cars about life if you try should we be like talk to the
hand because that's another stupid 90s reference no excuse me because what are
you talking about no one cares about stuff in the 90s with your Power Rangers
obsession different because that's not different you know what came on after
Barney Power Rangers I think if it's fair to share or repeat something again
but they are doing a Power Rangers samurai connect game they'll be coming
I told people at work that also care about Power Rangers and they all freaked
out about that just like I did so that worked there at least before people that
buy that game well there you go and that's all the copies that will sell
that's more people than bought president cat in Japan all right
Shane what else anything else you want to share with us tonight or ask about or
whatever I don't know my I hurts oh no but here let me ask you about this since
you're the guy that always likes to talk about Mass Effect yes I am um what did
you think about my little negative aspect of Mass Effect 3 some people in
the chat room didn't take too well to that I wait what was you know say it one
more time for me because I don't know if I fully grasp what I don't like tension
that it's not that I hate that you have to play multiplayer in order to do
better in single-player especially in light of the whole iOS thing but I
really hate that a it's the easiest way to do it and B what really pisses me off
is the fact that you can buy those little boxes with Microsoft points as
well as in-game credits because to me that's trying to it's trying to have
your cake and eat it too you're trying to do a free Facebook game and charge me
$60 for the game up front I didn't like about I don't really agree with your
negativity because a if there are people that want to pay real money to unlock
extra guns or extra customization on their characters instead of just playing
through the modes like you should let them they're not making me pay for it so
I don't really care I'm saying please don't do it because you're encouraging
him to do it in other stuff and more often I just I think it's a bad
precedent is that if these people don't do it someone else will it's already out
there with like you know it's half out there rather with like all those
Facebook games oh I could play there's a um that you don't know Jack game
apparently on Facebook is in beta and it's apparently really fun but you only
get like five games per day and they're really short unless you buy you know
credits or something wait a minute you don't know Jack is on Facebook it's in
beta right now I know what I'm doing after the show or has it I knew what I'm
doing after the show nope you have to sign up for the beta I haven't got in
since I damn it up yet yes I know I once I heard about I was like sign me up
really quick but to even if there wasn't an iOS game to help you raise your
galactic readiness level like I hated the idea of having to play multiplayer
just to get a quote-unquote better ending because they all suck but like
the multiplayer is so enjoyable and you don't have to listen to other people if
you don't want to and you just run around I'm terrible at the Xbox when I
get killed all the time but I don't care I'm still having a blast playing it so I
think if it was a multiplayer that sucked yeah then boo to that but they
did a really good job and I don't think it's that big of an issue that you
should play multiplayer to have a better ending because you can take those
characters and use them as I think war assets once they hit 20 or something
like that and speaking of which since you brought it up I believe after the
show tonight we're gonna be playing some Mass Effect online right yes we are did
you did you get people can join us did you get some I thought you were in try
and recruit somebody to play with us nope can't play tonight that person so
you need to you need to send out like some sort of whatever you call it all
right get on Xbox hold on show Mass Effect 3 meet up there you go yes all
right and we'll be the ones dying a lot yep just in case they haven't can find
us where the corpse is all right I gotta let you go so we get some more calls
that's fine you go check out my eye because it hurts all right I hope you
didn't ruin your eye bye bye 1 8 7 7 game olr or a username on skype is
orange lounge radio if you want to you know give us a call say hey to us on the
vog network here we are after all on vog hey we got another call coming in hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this hey it's pork chop is gone hey I'm good
how are you I'm not so bad just want to say first of all congratulations I hope
goes well for you guys so thank you we hope so too if it crashes and burns well
oh well it was fun trying well I doubt it you guys do a pretty good job anyway
you know this is important to say when we started orange launch radio in the
old network I think you can you know I can't say this enough we did orange
launch radio for 12 people for a very long time you know and a lot of people
really didn't know about us and it's not like we have thousands of thousands of
listeners now it's relatively still a really small show but we're okay with
that you know we feel like we're really connected with our community and it's
it's cool I like it suppose it's very dedicated kind of community as well so I
mean I like this and so I guess you got me staying up till all hours so well
that is a great I'm not too much because I can't talk over you all the time so
that's right I was just gonna say when you sacrifice the greatness that is
sleep to listen to this show we take it as a great compliment but anyway what
did you want to talk to our talk about or ask us about tonight I wanted to
mention remember you're talking about six axes one of the games that was
pretty overlooked I don't know if many people bought it was loco roko I remember
buying that on PSN and I played the shit out of that I mean on PSP it was okay
but you know you could actually control everything with the six axis you could
rotate the screen you could turn everything around and stuff so I mean
that was one of the best ones I think I did was that a gun that went off in the
background it was my Android okay I'm actually talking okay it was a duck
quite they have ducks over there no loco roko is is pretty awesome you're
right I forgot about loco roko and that's a good one to remind us of does
this mean hey does this mean loco roko needs to show up in the Sony Super
Battle Royale a loco roko level that's a good idea that I want them yes that
would be hilarious you're actually able to flip the screen somehow oh everyone
on their heads do pork chops should be designing games I love that idea the
whole like flip the screen like get a power-up that does that oh that'd be
awesome sorry be awesome well pork chop are you looking forward to the super
Sony fighter or whatever it's called I'm in two minds about it I mean this the
first I've heard of it was tonight so I'm still thinking about it I'm
wondering is it gonna be worthwhile I mean it's not gonna be Super Smash
Brothers that was fun and again I mean as long as Microsoft don't try it I mean
that's gonna be an all-time piece of shit if you ask me it's just gonna be 12
Master Chief's as it was said in chat so well we'll see we'll see what happens
all right pork chop is there anything else you want to share with us tonight
yeah kick fodder for Barney sniper party thingamajig yeah I definitely want to
see Barney get shot in the head now you're talking that's when I can get
behind all right pork chop have a good one buddy thanks for calling good one
guys all the best all right you too bye all right let's go to the phones we have
more calls coming in hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey Ross deal
UT what's up buddy hello nothing much you know just uh just wanted a call
congratulations thank you we're we're just really happy to be here I bet man I
mean you know I'm looking forward to seeing where where work vlog those from
here and now we're all games go prepare me too on both fronts it's it's gonna be
exciting for both yeah I mean I just hope that all games looking go the
direction of g4 no I can tell you know what I I think I can safely say no there
I am fairly certain they have no interest in rerunning cheaters or cops
yes I from what I understand there's some other great gaming and gaming
related programming coming over there that that'll be great and you know that's
I'll be I'll be listening when I can it'll be interesting hey I'm just on a
technical note notice I've been getting some feedback when I'm talking I've been
hearing like pieces of myself you might yeah because in studio here we're too
cheap to have headsets for everybody so we actually play the calls over the
speaker so sometimes you get picked up just a little bit by our microphones so
sometimes our callers complain of that so apologies about that but you know one
of these days we'll have to go I don't know sell things on the side of the
freeway to get money for proper headphones for everybody actually that
was something I thought about doing for the studio but just never got around to
it but anyway I do yeah that might be a good idea I mean it's not like I get
office headsets or something well the good news is it's only you that has to
hear it are the over the radio it sounds fine and so I kind of go okay well one
person can suffer a little bit so all the others listening can hear it okay so
I apologize so games what's up what games you've been playing lately or was
there game news you want to mention tonight well lately I've been playing a
lot of Soul Caliber five Soul Caliber five yeah one of our listeners and I
were trying to meet up to play and it just wasn't working out for various
reasons but man some of the custom creations and I think he posted some of
them on Facebook Stan posted it on Facebook it's it's hilarious what people
are doing with those custom characters it's so robust but yeah so Caliber five
yeah time oh yeah I saw this one video on YouTube it was a Waldo player uh-huh
and and he made this character based off of Waldo with a huge purple furry
palace because and I got the episode yeah it's the only like and sorry I was
just gonna say something go ahead that's right it's old classic saying that we
say about video games it's called time to penis whenever something new comes
as the TTP the time to penis whenever something new comes out where there's
either a peripheral so for a peripheral it's how long till someone puts their
dick on it but then with these creative modes and custom things it's how long
till someone makes a dick and the answer is usually 0.5 seconds oh yeah it was
not long at all I think the YouTube video was like from February so it's
like very soon after the game came out it's not long at all that's what she
said I mean the thing that I'm sorry I'm laughing a bit but um the thing that's
got me about um instead of been playing a lot of phone caliber is that you know
it's very hard to define you know fighting coverage that isn't really
centered around Capcom you know it's gotten to the point where I don't know
if you follow tournaments at all but it really feels like you know a lot of the
players are forcing themselves with them with Street Fighter cross second because
you know playing the Capcom game seems to be the only game way to get any
coverage interesting so you think Namco is getting well I mean I guess maybe not
because Namco is kind of the other half of Street Fighter cross tech and
although technically it's a Capcom game what about what about Mortal Kombat are
people not taking that seriously I mean Mortal Kombat I thought was a pretty
good fighting game but I guess it is the thing is people people play these games
seriously I mean maybe not as much if there are a lot of people I mean um you
know so kind of a five in Mortal Kombat 9 are part of the games being featured
in major league gaming now but you know it's hard to find coverage if it's not a
bypass on game so it's hard to find you know people talking about it people you
know any sort of cup you know any sort of coverage of the events of things like
that why do you think that is you know the as you're saying that you're kind of
right whenever I hear about fighting game community it does seem like Capcom
first other games second I mean granted there are other games like Stan says
King of Fighters which is another good one to you know Soul Calibur as was
mentioned it's not like there's not other good fighting games out there but
you're kind of right whenever I hear about like fighting game tournaments and
who's popular it's always Street Fighter something that it comes down to why is
that why do you think that is I mean it's hard hell I mean obviously part of
it is because you know one of the first big fighting games was Street Fighter 2
I mean that that's the jump off for a lot of players true but I think at this
point you have a you have a lot of major sites that really they didn't know it's
like anything else they don't want to go out of their wheelhouse and it and it's
kind of frustrating we have to dig around for for science but for other
games I have to tell you though my experience was a lot different when I
was you know teenager and young adult in Alabama it was all Mortal Kombat 2 it was
well because the blood was cool well no it when we did our tournaments at my
college it was on Killer Instinct we didn't have any Street Fighter machines
we had a we had a vampire save that would also be the period of time though
when all the Street Fighter games that were coming out were essentially just
Street Fighter 2 champions we've had her to churbo Street Fighter 2 super and
then there was Street Fighter 3 which kind of I mean it was it didn't have
that same fire under it when it came out but like even my arcade that I worked
out later than that it was Tekken 3 but then again we were also in Amco arcade
hmm I'm just saying well I haven't been to a Street Fighter tournament yeah it's
funny to hear that because um like I like the way the way the way it's
presented to me and the way I remember from my own youth is that everybody
gravitated to Street Fighter you know and and it needs to continue that might
be more of a West Coast thing and it is well it is also I I think if you look at
the internet and a lot of stuff like a lot of the fighting game stuff on the
internet I I don't doubt what right steel is saying at all it does seem to
be heavily dominated with Street Fighter especially the eSports stuff all this
stuff we're talking about that didn't exist in the area you're talking about
eSports wasn't a thing back then you know so now that it's even even even
before eSports like when Mortal Kombat came out I remember a lot of people
didn't take it seriously and and the post arcade Mortal Kombat they never got
any tournament play well even though they were popular game Mortal Kombat 3
is like Mortal Kombat 3 especially was kind of a joke in the fighting game
community because of all the not just the over-the-top stuff but the combos
and the the the juggles that go on forever and just kind of the style is so
much different I remember that game was really not well received by the fighting
game community you know casual people liked it enough but it's funny you say
that because because a lot of people you mean that they're huge into the into
Marvel you know and that's all you know that's all bullshit juggles and 99 hit
combos that's true all right Ross still I gotta let you know I gotta let you go
for time but thank you so much for calling in I really appreciate it okay
all right take care buddy all right that's gonna do it for the
Skype line tonight I'm sorry to those you that didn't get through but it was a
popular first night here on vlog send us an email so put your thoughts there
write them down get a pen write him down and then put it in an email and send it
to mailbag at orange lounge radio calm because dark soccer needs work to do
next week right that's my response let's go to our Twitter because we got to get
some of these out real quick here twitter.com slash olr 13x forever tweets
us saying Loki olr looks much cuter in this picture than I remember them I'm
not sure how Loki should take that I'm assuming that's the one I'm sure I'm
assuming it's the geek life one because that's the article we've been we haven't
we haven't taken new publicity photos in at least like six years cuz that was at
my like old house so yeah took those pictures no Eddie that was from the
Eddie set Tia did the very very first one a long time ago that was on that
mark for a while and Eddie did a set that's right now come here was awful in
that yeah no I loved it but anyway it was awful I thought you look cute but
we need new ones we need to find a photographer friend maybe I know a
couple get some new ones taken and you can see how you can see how cute Loki
is now it depends on what day you see me like right now I need a haircut and a
shave all right going to a couple tweets from Tiger claw on Twitter says trials
evolution popularity is due to true skill according to red links trials
evolution of course is on the Xbox Live arcade and it set a one-day sales
record apparently because of how well trials HD had done this is the game
that's like kinda excite by the bike II at least that's what it is at first look
let's see what is why why are people loving this so much according to Taro
virtually who's the managing director at red links I think there is a more
positive explanation than sheer masochism it's like in real life when you
start practicing something very physics based like tennis or billiards there's
no limit how far you can develop your skills in trials is also about your own
true skill not the skill of your avatar or game character the sense of
accomplishment is that much more genuine because it was all your own doing your
skill your persistence and also I believe they are referring to not a
picture of me but a picture of my cat and yes my cat is much cuter than I am
that what it is all because you just tweeted a picture your cat I put the cat
in there for size reference okay see under so it is a large someone asked
like ready to be sure me I'm like no sure me hasn't moved Loki's house all
right moving on tiger claw says there's a portal cartoon being made what yeah I
didn't hear about this there is this a real thing or is this a fan thing I mean
actually what's a fan thing I shouldn't say it like that it's not like a fan
thing can't be rushed say is this a officially endorsed thing no but it's
it's being done by professional animator it's Alex Zemke he worked on or the
movies called companionship and he is a professional animator who and credits
include Disney movies like g-force and the Smurfs nice as well as Uncharted 2
and 3 huh very cool and it looks very interesting if you want yeah the art
style kind of looks like this I want to see this that looks awesome well you go
guy I hope you get it done I'm just trying to quickly see if there's any
other tweets to read I'm gonna leave it at that because we're trying to wrap up
shop tonight I'm sorry if I didn't get to you tonight it's just a popular night
what can I say any other last-minute stories from Loki I just real quick
there was apparently a an effort to remake Pokemon crystal for the Gameboy
Advance and apparently it is finished so now there's Pokemon was it a what they
call it in now liquid crystal you hear that Shane I guess well actually no it's
not done yet but it's it's available to pick up the beta 3.1 is out now of
course you need a flash cart or an emulator to play it yeah that Shane I'm
sure he's listening so it looks neat also why am I not surprised to see a
price is right save Mart ad right here on your table because you must know we
had like a stack of stickers like that high and we were trying to collect and
win or thank you for telling everybody my business and now Alan and I have
turned into extreme couponers in our share time spirit dark hey we got some
we got some good deals it's adorable all right if that's it then we're gonna go
around and wrap up the show and say goodnight to everybody and close up our
very first show here on the voice of geeks network or the vogue dark soccer
I'll let you go first you already packed your shit up you're ready to go well
just cuz I gotta go to bed tomorrow what's your final thought tonight I have
indigestion I'm sorry to hear that um and reject false icons hmm the way to
start off Loki your final thoughts tonight the Star Fox video that I'm
watching that someone remade like the beginning of Star Fox with like it's all
pretty is bringing my final thought tonight is please watch the RuPaul's
Drag Race finale tomorrow it's gonna be awesome and full of surprises that's all
I can say dork hey RuPaul's Drag Race is the best show on TV and it's only gonna
get better that's all I'm saying you know what I did during the show what I
bought a battery chart recharger for my iPhone to take to Disneyland mm-hmm for
three dollars including shipping well yeah you excuse me it was my final
thought all right anyway and the final thought from all of us thank you guys
thank you for listening all the way to the end of the show you guys are
awesome if you're listening live thank you thank you to the podcasters thank
you guys so much for listening to us and most importantly following us on our
crazy adventures this was a huge first night for us here on vogue we didn't
think that you know we'd have quite the audience that showed up tonight
especially with as little notice less than 24 hours notice you guys fucking
packed the house tonight and our RSC chat room thank you so much for
supporting us and all the crazy decisions we make and thank you for
embracing the concept of vogue you guys rock if you like what you hear here at
orange lounge radio as we say tell a friend spread the word of vogue is open
for business and it's only gonna get better and of course here to tell a
friend about orange lounge radio it's word of mouth we don't ask for your
money to do this show we don't run ads or anything we just we just want to
spread the love and you know spread the word into oral people we're into oral
what Reese Oh a URL no you use your mouth you're disgusting all right that's
it guys until next week we'll be back next week to do it all over again we
hope you'll come back and join us have a wonderful night everybody and yes it's a
new closing we had to redo it have a great night you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join
us for a live show tune into vogue network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do
not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog
network but you know they were all still true see you next week
you
