Sky, and Loki Tonight, April 8th, 2012 Capcom responds to Better Business Bureau complaints Sex offenders get booted from Xbox Live in one state And our listeners sound off Is EA really the worst company ever?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live for this April the 8th of 2012 with episode number 453 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours.
Not with DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, sadly.
She is not here tonight.
She had to make a last minute cancellation tonight because she's not feeling well.
So we hope she feels better.
She's got like a science fiction double feature.
Techmaster Loki is not here tonight.
He's doing Easter stuff with his Jewish wife.
I don't know how that works.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
No, it's obviously a holiday for the family.
So they're doing stuff with their kid and all that.
So there's no DarkSakura.
There's no Loki.
But there's me, Rob Roberts.
And obviously you can hear over there.
My loud ass.
Interrupting.
Excuse me, Alan.
I keep forgetting you dropped your handle a couple weeks ago.
It's too mouthy and wordy to say.
All right.
Well, how are you doing, Alan?
I'm good.
I haven't been on the show in a long time.
You haven't, so I'm glad we have an opportunity to have you on again tonight.
For the listeners who haven't heard you, why don't you give us a quick introduction about yourself and the types of games you like and all that.
Mid-30s, been playing since the Atari 2600.
Favorite console is the Super NES.
Right now I'm playing a lot of PC games.
Dragon Age, Oranges, which would be weird, Mass Effect, and so on.
All right.
And we live together, so.
That's right.
So you get to see me all the time.
Yes.
All right.
We have to have a third co-host, obviously.
Orange Entree doesn't work without three co-hosts.
Insert ferret here.
All right.
Say hello, everybody.
Welcome back, by the way, to VXJasonXV, or just Jason, if you will, is back with us tonight.
3 weeks, uh, 3 weeks, quite a bit of turnaround than the 8 years that we were going on about previously I was gonna say, for somebody who lives in Denver, that's really good to be able to get to a show 3 weeks It's like I got home on the train, turned around, took another one, and hey, I'm back!
Which is actually what happened
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But yeah, I got the job offer Monday night.
I took Tuesday to pack and wrap up things at home and tell my other job, Peace out, guys.
I'm on a train tomorrow.
I'd love to give you two weeks notice, but that's not happening.
So Monday night solidified everything.
Tuesday night, Tuesday in general, finished off everything that I needed to do.
Wednesday morning on the train, and I've been here since just after business hours on Thursday.
DarkSakura.com
So some folks might be wondering, like, well, why, okay, Rob, why would you do a show without DarkSakura and without Loki?
And, you know, well, with no slight to Alan or Jason, who are fine step-in hosts tonight, but, you know, it is a little weird that there's only one of the regular OLR hosts here.
But remember, guys, it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
And it's not necessarily just about me or just about Jamie or just about Loki.
It's about you guys.
So we want to make sure that we would have a show here and a place where you guys can interact and still chat with us.
I have to say, I did take some inspiration a little bit from what's going on over at Video Game Outsiders, which is another show on the All Games Network that I listen to.
And poor John's been holding down the fort over there for a while because his two co-hosts have had just other stuff going on.
But they still do the show every week.
So there's no reason we can't.
We're actually not going to be here next week.
That was a pre-planned thing.
So we knew that Loki would be out tonight, but we thought DarkSakura would be here.
But of course, people get sick.
That happens.
But we knew we would not be here next week, and we didn't want to go two weeks in a row with no show.
So we have the show going tonight, and you guys can chat live with us.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com And Alpha Cananogram starts us off in the chat room tonight saying, Yay, weird show!
Fuck yes!
Ha ha ha!
More like Broringe Lounge Radio, right?
I don't want you guys to feel like it's the weird show.
I mean, obviously, Jason, you've been our webmaster for years and years.
And you played Bomani games just like DarkSakura, Loki, and I did, just at a different arcade.
So I know you followed that scene probably longer than we did.
But you were in all that stuff.
Alan?
Well, Alan's cool, too.
Right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alan's coming with me, of course, because he does that.
And we're going to the final ever electronica.
Dude, dude, dude, dude.
Like 18 months or even longer now.
It's probably, yeah, it's been about a year and a half since that movie came out.
But one of the other cool things, and I know we've talked about it on the show before, is that Electronica also has a replica of Flynn's Arcade from the movie with classic 80s video games that are in great condition.
Because, you know, it's Disneyland.
They're not going to let shitty rundown games into their park.
And the one time I have seen a broken machine there, they had a dude out there fixing it in like five seconds.
So...
We're going to go say goodbye to Electronica because they made a business decision to get rid of it because Tron the movie again is a year and a half old now.
We don't know if they're going to be doing a sequel, although there is the anime that's supposed to be out in summer or fall, so it seems weird to me that they're not going to have awareness for that, but they're replacing it with...
with the Mad Tea Party.
And that's tea as in just the letter T, not as in a sippy drink that British people have at lunchtime.
Where's failed trombone?
Do you have it queued up?
No?
I can get failed trombone queued up.
It's too late.
Why are you...
And you're upset about the Mad Tea Party.
Like, you're personally offended, right?
We saw that movie, and I didn't think it was going to be very good, and you were very optimistic.
It'll be okay, it's Tim Burton, and it was shitty.
I didn't like it at all I know some people were into it but no I didn't like it at all but here's the thing and the reason why I bring it up is that unfortunately with Electronica changing over to the Mad Tea Party they're going to close Flynn's Arcade now supposedly the Mad Hatter is supposed to have some type of arcade but I don't believe that means he's keeping the 80s retro games from what I hear they're supposed to be like skeeball and it's it's just it's what
Disney Imagineers, if you want to listen to me for a very awesome idea, you should fix the Bootsy Rundown arcade off of Space Mountain and put
Flynn's Arcade there and it will be super awesome.
Exactly.
And Tomorrowland's a great fit for it.
Or just fucking bulldoze Interventions because who goes in the Interventions building like ever and just make a giant Tron grid.
It would only cost like $11 billion and it would be amazing.
But my hope is, here's my secret hope.
I have a secret wish, hope, pie in the sky idea.
And that is that maybe if we go to the last electronica, they're gonna give away some of the arcade games.
You get an arcade machine.
You get an arcade machine.
Everybody gets an arcade machine.
In reality, that fucking won't happen because I think they're leasing them from a local company that specializes in this shit.
But hold on.
I want my idea.
I want my pie in the sky idea.
And that is that they're going to give away these machines.
So I was thinking about if you could have like a retro arcade machine in your house, what arcade machine would you want to have in your house?
If you could have something from Flynn's Arcade in your house,
What game would you want?
This is a tough one because there's a lot of great games.
Part of me wants to say Dig Dug because I'm actually pretty good at that one.
Part of me wants to say BurgerTime because I damn near bought a... I came so fucking close to buying a BurgerTime machine not even a couple months ago.
And then I realized I live in an apartment and that would be a really shitty idea to bring an arcade machine into the apartment.
But you saw when I saw that BurgerTime machine, Alan, right?
I was like, I could forego getting an iPad and a BurgerTime machine.
Yes.
And you're just rolling your eyes in the back of your head.
But I think the machine I would really, really want to have, I don't know why, it's just, is a spy hunter machine.
Any of the racing games from that era, because they all had different variety of pedals, switches, different steering wheels.
All Points Bulletin was actually one of my favorites from that time period, or at least that's how my brain seems to relate it.
I just have a lot of memories of Spy Hunter as a kid because that's what they had.
Okay, shut up.
It was at the local roller rink.
That's where all the arcade games from my youth came from too.
It was that or the pizza parlor.
You had two choices.
Pizza parlor was like a sit down, either like a joust or a Galaga or something like that.
One of the two-sided top sitting, it's probably a name for that.
I don't know what it is.
Cocktail cabinet.
I want a Spy Hunter machine.
I want Oprah to give me a Spy Hunter machine at the last Electronica.
Jason, what arcade machine would you want?
You know, I had one in mind, and then my brain replaced it with Neo Geo, so I kind of forgot what it was entirely.
Not just Light Cycle Tron, but one of the, I think it was like the movie Tron arcade machines.
Discs of Tron.
There were two Tron machines.
There was Tron, it was just called Tron, and then there was Discs of Tron.
And did that have... I think there's even a third one, because there should have been one that had the assault on the MCP and tanks.
Tron was made up of four minigames, and I think you're just thinking they're all separate games.
Wasn't Tron originally just a Light Cycles game?
Mm-mm.
That's one of the minigames.
It's just the most popular one.
There was the Light Cycle game, there's the MCP Cone, there's the tanks.
I would probably say Discs of Tron just because I would not mind more time with that game.
I've only played it like once or twice and it looked really good.
It was very engaging.
It was really fun.
Alan, if you could steal one machine out of Flynn's Arcade or excuse me, have Oprah give you one, gift you one, what would you want her to give you?
Well, I don't think it's in Flynn's Arcade, but if I had to have a vintage cabinet in my house, it would have to be multiplayer, and it would have to have large cabinets to set drinks on, and I would go with Golden Axe because that game is amazing.
I think Golden Axe is better left in my memory.
Like every time I've played Golden Axe, not to just take a crap on what Alan said, but I just... Not the shitty port that was on Genesis and is currently on XBLA or whatever, but the original arcade Golden Axe with three people is a good time.
It was good memories.
It was good memories.
Goddamn that goblin.
Attack faster, come on!
Awesome comments from our chatroom.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com because everybody's joining in in the chatroom.
Love this.
DDRDollarBill says, Robotron 2084 would be his game.
Hands bloody fucking down.
Brad from PodCulture, love this answer.
This is one I would want too.
Fucking Star Wars the arcade game.
Good call.
I completely forgot about that.
I'm not even like a Star Wars aficionado and all that.
I mean, I like the movies.
I don't like obsess over them.
I'm more of a Trekkie than a Warsie.
But the arcade game was so fucking good.
Is that the Vectrex one?
Yes.
Did you know there was an Empire Strikes Back of that?
There was.
I don't remember how official it was, but a buddy of mine that has a bunch of arcade machines down in his basement has it on a little...
Rob would scream like a schoolgirl if you won an actual arcade but then he'd be like wait a minute how am I supposed to get this thing out of here?
I would tie it to the roof of my Honda.
I don't even care.
Go driving down by five, catching all the bugs.
Jim Sally says, burger time all the way.
Burger time for the win.
Yeah, I was almost there too.
Stan says, Pac-Man, but the small table version where both players sit at opposite ends of each other.
A cocktail machine.
Cocktail machine.
Oh my god, I'd love to have a cocktail machine.
Those are hard to come by though.
Cocktail machines are really sought after.
Didn't that new Pac-Man game that came out that was incredibly expensive, that's the latest cocktail cabinet?
It was definitely inspired by cocktail machines.
Yeah, I know it's not Pac-Man Championship Edition, but like an arcade, Pac-Man Battle Royale.
I remember it had a funny name.
And it's in Vegas and like New York and nowhere else or something.
My Dave and Buster's in Colorado had it.
It was really fun.
Uh, Ranma says Magic Sword.
Ooh, good fucking call.
I love that one.
That was, that was the one they had at Round Table Pizza that I would just play the shit out of.
Porkchop says APB is awesome.
Um, Brad from PodCulture also says, um, the original Gauntlet would be hella awesome.
There's a good multiplayer game too.
So, good calls all around.
Love the, um, classic arcade game suggestions.
Um,
We're going to be very sad when Electronica closes, but our plan... There's actually a group of us going.
I'm meeting up there with some of my friends from Warcraft.
Nerd, nerd.
Some of my DDR friends from back in the day, Mel and Mel.
Mr. Mel B, who was a big DDR freestyler back in the day, is going with us.
It's going to be good.
And our plan is to, at the end of all of it, yell, end of line, and then collapse into tears.
Drunken tears.
And I want to see Laser Man, because I still haven't seen that shit.
Laser Man will be there from what I understand.
So there you go.
Hey, DarkSakura joined our chat room.
Hello, DarkSakura.
And said Dave and Buster's in Roseville has it.
So if you want to go play Pac-Man Battle Royale, there you go.
Yeah, we haven't been there since that time.
We haven't been there in a while.
Yeah, I think it's one of those things that's going to become a staple of Dave and Buster's because it's not redemption, but it kind of feels like it.
And it's just a quick, engaging game of Pac-Man.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright, anyhow, that's enough for our reminiscing and retro arcade games and we will not be here again next week.
Our pal Bobby Blackwolf, who we are usually after at All Games Radio, where we do tape live every Sunday night right after his show at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, he's been off for the past two weeks.
He will be back next week.
so at least live folks you have something to look forward to R9 cast of course also live on Sunday nights they will still be doing their thing they've been constant over the past few weeks so there will at least be those shows to look forward to but no OLR we'll try to find a best up from the archives for you live folks maybe a rarity I just came across a stockpile of episodes that aren't even up on the OLR archive so maybe I'll dig one of those up and play that next week it'll be fun
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I've had the first two games in my Steam account thanks to those crazy sales so I was like I'm gonna play these things and hopefully get to three at some point if I can buy it so two or three weeks ago I beat Mass Effect 1 on both Paragon and Renegade which is sort of goody two-shoes good guy and asshole good guy and now I'm playing Mass Effect 2 and I'm ready to beat it like I just started the end game mission that's all very intense and characters die and
I had to save and quit to do the show.
So we are literally taking you away from doing Mass Effect right now.
Yes.
But that's all I've been playing for last week.
It's probably good to have a break once in a while.
Microphone extension cords and headphones.
No, we need him to focus.
He needs to be funny because we don't have Loki or DarkSakura tonight.
So unless you want to be funny, he has to bring the funny.
All right.
So that's it for you.
Mass Effect, Mass Effect, and more Mass Effect.
Now, what are you going to do?
Are you going to buy the third game?
Are you going to kind of try to play the second one over again?
I'm doing my Goody Two Shoes playthrough right now.
So once I beat that, then I'll load up my female FemShep.
And she's just like, fuck you, fuck you, kill everybody and save the universe.
And I don't give a shit because that's how she rolls.
That's another 40 or 50 hours of gameplay.
DarkSakura sent me her gaming week through proxy and she wants you all to know that she played a shitload of Portal 2 this past week.
What a shot.
Yet has she touched that copy of Mass Effect I loaned her?
No.
That's alright.
Portal 2 is a pretty kick-ass game.
Jason, how was your gaming week?
Death Rally Death Rally
Jetpack Joyride, and then a couple of silly little things like Sudoku-type games, Picris-type games, and I feel like I'm missing something significant, but considering that consoles weren't really in the mix, I don't think I was.
Sometimes you have to game on the go.
DarkSakura is yelling at me saying, girl, I'm on my PC unless somebody wants to buy me Mass Effect 1 on Steam.
TigerClaw said I bought Mass Effect and Mass Effect 2 for 360 but you may want to wait until BioWare releases the patch that will fix the face import bug which is set to be released next week which is great because I won't get to Mass Effect 3 before next week so I will never have known that that was ever a problem
I just had someone on my Facebook a couple hours ago post that they finally beat Mass Effect 3 and of course they've already had the perspective of all the wank about the ending for the last two weeks so I guess if they wanted to be pretentious and rise above that and then they said I have a lot of questions and it's not confusing at all and it's not really wrapped up into a neat little bow but they were satisfied with it so they were like I don't get it I don't get the rage
I heard it's one of those endings that makes you madder the more you think about it.
So maybe he's not mad today, but next week he'll be raging internet angry.
Or 3 a.m.
Wait!
What?
Waking up in a cold sweat.
Damn you!
Um, I, I have, I'm prepared to be let down by the ending of Mass Effect 3, but just the, the, the adventure from Mass Effect 1 and even, I'm about halfway through Mass Effect 2 right now.
2 is so much, well, I don't want to say 2 is so much better because 1 was awesome, but...
If the last 20 minutes of the Endgame are shitty for the whole trilogy, that franchise, in my opinion, has given me at least 100 hours of quality, emotional, rewarding gameplay.
So it's not a waste of time.
and of course there's going to be more DLC some of which obviously will come up a little later in the show when we get to news so let's see my gaming week so Mass Effect for me as well just like Alan I got sucked into Mass Effect amongst all the chatter of Mass Effect 3 and Shane basically bullied me into playing Mass Effect like basically would threaten to like kick me out of the WoW guild if I don't start playing Mass Effect or something like that
So, I've been playing it.
It's been amazing, as I've talked about in previous weeks on the show.
I'm just still cleaning up the loyalty missions and getting ready.
I've got to catch up to where Alan's at.
I have been playing a few other games, though, I want to tell you guys about.
One of them is old, and one of them is very new.
The old one I want to talk about tonight is a game I got for $15 at Target.
It was on clearance.
I might be partially responsible for this yes you were kind of an enabler you were like hey you should get this it's $15 and it has dance in it you'll like it and I pick up the box I'm like I think I heard about this game and I heard it was really basic and I looked at the song list I'm like well if it's basic it still has a really great song list so I pick up a game called Dance Paradise which was $15 which was one of the early Kinect games is that THQ or Ubisoft I want to say it's THQ that did this one
Um, here's the thing.
Dance Paradise, it has a really good song list.
It's got a, it's got like Lady Gaga.
It's, it's kind of a Euro infused song list.
It's like songs I think that were bigger, a little bit bigger on the other side of the pond.
Cause you got things like Jerry Hallowell and nobody, nobody cared about the Spice Girls in America once they split up.
But you know, it's, you got Lady Gaga, you got a few Rihanna.
It's basically gay bar in a box, right?
And you, you know, you know, it's going to be good music cause it's gay bar in a box and it's, it's a great song list.
Don't get me wrong.
and it's also really cool because you get the little music videos actually play in the background while you're playing which not every game has that was pretty cool but it's just it was so fucking basic like I don't know how else to describe this game like and the way you play it is really stupid like because you have to take us you start in the center and then to do a certain dance move you have to take a step to the left to do it
and then a step to the right and it's not the time warp.
Yes, exactly.
You jump to the left and step to the right but it's like Lady Gaga you're dancing to.
Imagine it looks like Rock Band where you have like the four columns that notes fall down.
Well, you have to literally walk into each column in order to do the move and instead of falling notes, you have falling dance moves.
So maybe you're like doing a little disco or you're opening your arms back and forth or, you know, kind of a lot of the same stuff you see in Dance Central.
But the fact that you move back and forth like...
who designed that that's just like that's not even that it's so weird for those who play connect in a loft giant warehouse floor for all the room you need to play it but here's the other thing that kind of disappointed me is that there was a good game in there somewhere because one of the things that was really cool about it was that some of the moves that you did mimicked the dance moves in the video and I thought well that's that's a good thing to see in a music game is like learn to do the dance from the
That was really cool.
Because Dance Central doesn't really even do that, right?
And that's the king of the crop.
You might see some, like, you'll definitely see, like, for, oh.
There's a little bit of booty in Baby Got Back.
Yeah, there's that.
And then, what the hell's that?
What's the Goblin Mail dance?
What's that?
Soulja Boy Teller.
Okay, Soulja Boy.
Okay, thank you.
Isn't it sad that that's how we communicate?
Okay.
We have problems.
And unfortunately, I know WoW just enough to understand that too now.
Okay, Soulja Boy.
You do that dance in Dance Central.
So some of the big ones are there, but it doesn't match the music video because Dance Central doesn't have the music videos.
And Dance Central is still a lot of fun.
I mean, it doesn't really matter.
But it kind of bothers me that you have really good licenses and a really kick-ass song list in Dance Paradise.
And then what was the other big competitor to Dance Central that came out?
Dance Masters.
Dance Masters, the Konami game.
Dance Masters is actually beautifully put together, if you think about it.
It's just par-a-par of Kinect, right?
Or even, not exactly.
There are three or four... There are three or four... Wow.
Yeah, talking words.
Woo!
There are three or four songs on the list that are Eurobeat and do have par-a-part routines.
But everything else, to the extent of my knowledge, completely original.
But it really is like fully-fledged dance minus walking around a stage, because Kinect is narrow-tracking.
A lot of them were like crossovers from DDR though.
They had a lot of DDR crossovers.
Oh yeah, everything was Konami original, period.
But the ones that weren't Parapara were very... The routines were actually... Well, they were fun to watch because I haven't exactly learned them yet.
But they were fun to watch.
Um, but they, they, there was some really weird, weird crossovers though, because like, I remember one of the songs was Exotic Ethnic, which I was trying to find in my, my archive here, but it's like, it's not really a song you can dance to.
I mean, it's a DDR song.
It's a great DDR song because the way DDR structured, but now that we're kind of beyond the dance pad and in the whole like free movement, Exotic Ethnic doesn't make a very good dancey song.
The routine from what I recall, the little bits and pieces, the song on DDR was like 200 beats per minute, something like that.
It was very fast.
I found it.
Here we go.
So you can kind of see what this looks like here and hear this song and see the routine and realize it doesn't really work very well.
What is up with the backup dancers?
This is like PG-13 here.
Look at this.
But anyway, it's a good song.
It was great back in the DDR days, but to freestyle move, it's weird.
And it doesn't really make sense.
So here's the thing, you've got a great interface and a great shell, not even just Dance Masters, but say Rhythm Party, right?
The game that just came out on Xbox Live Arcade that not even the Bomani community seems to care about at this point.
It's actually a really well put together game, and I've said that for weeks on the show.
There's a Bomani community?
Yeah, well, you know what I mean.
I think there's a Beatmania community and not much more than that.
What's left of it.
So you've got that, and then you have to, it's like,
and DarkSakura.com
or if you know THQ would take the risk and spend a little more time designing a game that people actually want to play and not just relying on the music to sell your game if they would both take that risk there could be a legit competitor to Dance Central which kind of has both but unfortunately both of them are looking to cash in a lot cheaper and don't want to take that financial risk which I can understand
Konami, a lot of these a lot of these companies that are producing these are when it comes to music and rhythm in my opinion they're mostly all on like the second tier and Konami as far as American and European releases minus DDR has pretty much become that has gotten to that has driven themselves down to that point as well notably starting with Rock Revolution.
Harmonix is now the top tier Harmonix is absolutely the top tier and Konami is now under them absolutely
I would sign on to that.
It's too bad, but there you go.
Here's the thing, though.
It's a bunch of classic tables.
It's the guys that made the Williams pinball collection and the Stern pinball collection.
Those games have already been out.
They just basically ported it to Xbox Live Arcade, but I see what they're doing.
They're piecemealing it because the game itself comes with four tables.
It's four damn good tables.
It's Ripley's Believe It or Not, which is a great table.
Arabian Nights and Theater of Magic and Black Hole are all great tables.
So it's like 800 Microsoft points for four killer tables.
And then they're going to do DLC later, like Pinbot.
The thing that they have that Pinball FX doesn't have is licenses.
Their license was Stern and Williams, so they're going to get all those tables into their game.
But if you already own the collections that came out on Xbox previously, I don't see the reason to get this whatsoever.
But for those that missed it and want their game a little cheaper and more piecemeal, if you like pinball, there's some great tables in there.
And I don't remember Theater of Magic being in the collection, so it's pretty cool that at least that game is there.
DarkSakura.com
uh Medieval Madness is DLC says Zether and I know I know I saw Pinbot in the list which is one of my favorites and you know they'll they'll kind of do that so you know Pinball FX I like it a lot it's got some great original tables I'm glad to see there's a little healthy competition now with both of them being out there and especially if you're a pinball fan it's a win-win situation so you know if you somehow missed the collection last time this is definitely worth checking out all right now I'm done with my gaming week
Housekeeping, check us out on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
Of course, always our website, orangelaunchradio.com.
If you want to find more of the OL Army members, check it out in the upper right-hand corner at orangelaunchradio.com.
There's a box called Extended Play where you can find us on Steam, you can find us on Last.fm, lots of places to play with other cool folks who are not going to be a jerk because you know the number one rule of the OL Army is don't be a dick because there's so many dicks ruining the game experience on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
We want to be different than that.
There you go.
Alright, let's get into some actual gaming news.
Jason, why don't you start us off tonight?
Harmonix has come full circle once again and is returning to its roots of a frequency amplitude inspired type of game.
Again, taking from the Rock Band franchise that they've been.
Thanks for watching!
A very famous point in Amplitude and Frequency's history where you could learn the exact track that you have to make to get the absolute max score, and Harmonix has responded to this by making Rock Band Blitz, a slightly simpler game, one track per instrument, and it was either two or three targets per instrument, I forget which,
But the power-ups aren't as track-specific.
The video is talking about a multi-measure note auto-player, and then there was a wrecking ball that kind of bounced around tracks in a diagonal manner, picking up notes along the way.
and there's also no concept of a combo that you have to continually go on one measure to the next to extend the combo and you can actually just jump from instrument to instrument and apparently it'll go a long way towards making a slightly unique sound, a slightly unique emphasis or you could just sit on your favorite instrument and play it the whole night.
and there's... It sounds like it's going to use your entire back catalog.
So if you've been playing since Rock Band and you've imported everything from game to game plus all the DLC that you bought, all the Rock Band Network and...
What was the indie version of Rock Band Network?
That is Rock Band Network, yeah.
Rock Band Store is the license, you know, all that stuff.
It's sounding like you should be able to have all of your official and indie content.
No specific pricing and no specific import restrictions due out just yet, but the game looks fun and it's always nice coming back to this style.
I had a lot of fun with Rock Band Unplugged as well.
It's interesting.
I was partially really excited by the news.
I have to admit a hint of disappointment because knowing that this is the big project Harmonix has been working on, I have to express a teeny bit of disappointment because I was like, oh, I was kind of hoping for something new.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It doesn't... Does EA own Harmonix at this point?
No, they don't.
Harmonix is independent.
Yeah, they bought themselves out from MTV.
I was like, surely this is not behavior coming out of EA.
Well, that just proves Harmonix is independent.
So, yeah, because they're... Well, yeah, they're truly independent because they came off the MTV games.
That was where they were at when Rock Band started.
But just the value they're giving you there.
It's so amazing coming off the weeks of us talking about how developers want to lock you out of used games altogether.
Now it's like, here's a game that enhances the value of all the DLC you've already bought.
Like, well, fucking done.
Applause.
This is...
I mean, I feel like an asshole for saying that I even expressed a hint of disappointment at this game.
I'll definitely be picking it up day one.
I mean, now that I see kind of all the pieces and I'm like, okay, I did like amplitude and frequency a lot.
People did say they wanted a new frequency and amplitude.
Even though this isn't really it, it's what they could get away with doing and know that it's going to be profitable.
And so I'm excited for it.
I am.
The way that I look at it is that we had the simple arcade-style band...
I'm trying to avoid the word simulation because the point is we had the arcade style music experience and that was literally with like Guitar Freaks, Drum Mania, the early Konami games and then Guitar Hero came around, put it solely on the guitar and then Rock Band came around and gave us the whole band and then Rock Band 3 came around which gave us the pro controllers and everything else where you can use a no kidding digital drum kit and have a
Thank you for watching!
That's not a bad decision.
I mean, fucking how many songs have I bought on Rock Band?
It is disgusting how much DLC I have on my Xbox 360.
You're going to buy either a $30 or $40 game and you're going to import, what, $200 in content automatically?
Rock Band Blitz is on Xbox Live Arcade.
It's at most going to be $20.
Oh, yeah.
So maybe even $10.
Probably less than $20 as well.
We love you, Harmonix.
It's iTunes for your consoles.
And a lot of us kind of laughed it off and said, oh, yeah, you're doing music.
You're not the same as iTunes.
iTunes is for your iPod.
And downloading a song into Rock Band is not the same as iTunes.
But now here we are years later, that's what they were setting the seeds for.
Because now they've enhanced.
You didn't just buy Rock Band DLC.
You bought a song that functions in multiple ways on your console.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The sampler video plus audio little sequence or something.
And maybe there'll be something else at E3 this year because they've announced this in time for PAX, obviously, and we're showing it on the floor there.
Maybe they've got something else to show at E3.
Maybe they're working on something for the next wave of consoles.
Maybe it's something for the Wii U. Who knows?
So, again, my disappointment is like one grain of sand in a...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but if you are willing to and you're interested they actually had a lot of positions available anything from creative to programming to design I think even like program management that kind of stuff if you're interested look them up that's all I have to say as Rob stuffs his face full of popcorn dead air I thought I had a break to eat my fault bad co-host it's alright you're learning learning
You have to learn how to fill in those gaps so I can be a fat ass.
You'll get there.
All right, anyhow.
Well, let me ask, Alan, you've been awfully quiet on that story.
I mean, I know you're not as huge in the music games as the rest of us, but surely that whole enhanced value thing is kind of making you go, hmm.
Yeah, I've kind of been abstaining because rock band and that whole genre, Guitar Hero, I never really...
Eh.
Yeah.
You could get that before there was Rock Band.
I don't have a smartphone with a camera to put it on Facebook, so if I can't blackmail you, then... Then where's the fun in that?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, another game was announced just this past week.
It's a game... It's a reimagining of an old game.
We've seen a few of these lately.
WayForward, the company that brought us... What the hell did they bring?
It was...
There was another... God damn it.
They did Blood Rain.
I think Blood Rain Betrayal was one of their games they did.
There's another one I was trying to think of.
But anyway, they are now taking over the Double Dragon franchise.
I had no idea that it was up for grabs, but it makes sense.
Majesco was the ones that got the Double Dragon franchise.
Who had it before?
I'm trying to remember, Trade West, maybe Midway had it, and it was one of the things that went under when they went under.
But Majesco got the Double Dragon franchise, so it's being reinvented as Double Dragon Neon, which is going to come out on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
Why did they call it Double Dragon Neon?
Well, because it is 80s-tastic.
The colors, the colors.
You're the best around.
Hopefully that can be in the game, but I don't know.
There is a trailer.
Let me show you.
Let me play some of this for you because it does have some nice remixed music.
And you can notice...
The way the characters move is very fluid and all that.
You know, it looks really nice in HD.
Yeah, that is pretty neon.
Yeah, and everybody's very like 80s infused.
Like you see the afros and the leather jackets and the boots with the fur on them and all that stuff.
You know, call me crazy or call me stupid if this already happened, but you know what I'd love to see a very modern remake of in this style?
Captain America and the Avengers.
Well, especially when there's the movie and everything, but I think they did another game for that.
Here's the thing.
Here's my concern with Double Dragon Neon.
Okay, I bought Double Dragon when it was available on Xbox Live Arcade.
It's not available anymore, obviously, but it was available on Xbox Live Arcade for a short time when, you know, other people had the license.
We played it together and we did.
We did.
And then DarkSakura's Dan yelled at us for trashing it.
I remember that.
Yes, because we played through it and we were like, this game isn't very good.
What the hell were we smoking when we were 12?
This game sucks
And now I'm looking at this going, it looks like it's a faithful port of the original Double Dragon game, but Double Dragon, and maybe I'm just old, but it kind of gets old after the first stage.
You're like, punch, punch, kick, kick, kick, and I'm over it.
What Double Dragon founded, Final Fight made better, and I'd rather play that.
But even playing Final Fight now, playing any of those old fighting games just doesn't feel the same.
Bad Dudes.
Yeah, they're all the same.
It would be cool if they could incorporate some of what we see in new fighting games a little bit.
Maybe more like versus and special moves and combo attacks.
Oh, God.
Don't give them ideas.
but I will I will uh I'll at least check out the demo I will say that so that's coming out uh this summer on so what you're saying is you want them to bring back that mode from tech and tag tournament that that side scrolling tech and tag actually that mode kicked ass so yes I want them to bring that back
It was a little bit more fun because there was the entire moveset and a little bit more depth to a side-scroller.
And you could play it as Panda.
And the concept of a fighting game where a Panda bear beats up everyone is pretty fucking awesome.
You have to admit.
I think they brought that out.
It's just not a side-scroller.
Oh, right.
Wow did.
Or about to.
Panda kills everyone.
Anyhow.
Wow reference number five today?
That was dead for me.
Yeah, sorry.
Sorry, guys.
So for Pokemon fans and SRPG fans, Nintendo of America is bringing Pokemon and Nobunaga's Ambition.
What?
Nobunaga's Ambition.
Nobunaga.
Nobunaga.
Cowabunga.
Cowabunga?
Oh.
they're bringing that to the US called Pokemon Conquest and it's coming out on June 18th and you play a warlord who has a Pokemon pal and you have to build up your army and it's skirmish based and it's an SRPG and if you follow import games and you're a fan of Nobunaga's Ambition this is great
You know, I remember when I heard that this game was coming out in Japan, I was like, what a weird fucking idea.
And to hear that this game is actually coming out here, I have mixed emotions.
Look, I get it.
Pokemon has its rabid fanbase that will buy almost anything that ties into Pokemon.
Like, I'm totally, like, I understand that, fine.
But...
How on earth does the US get Pokemon and Nobunaga's Ambition relatively close to the Japanese release?
You know, within a year, yes, I would call close for Nintendo for a game like this.
Yet, we had to pull out fucking teeth to get Xenoblade.
is this an example of maybe I guess technically it wasn't a Nintendo game because Tecmo designed it maybe that's the key difference Pokemon just shits money and it's the Pokemon factor
I mean, it's... Even if the whole feudal warlord fails to grab onto people, it can still be propped up and kept afloat at least a little bit more with something like, oh, I don't know, a Pokemon franchise, which is insanely popular, as opposed to a... I'm not going to say an underground favorite, but definitely a less-trafficked series in the Xenogears, Xenosaga, Xenocore line.
I understand why they changed the name because you don't exactly have your raving Nobunaga Ambition fans here in the US.
They had a few of them on the NES, like Nobunaga and Romance of the Three Kingdoms and some of that, but that series has kind of been deader than dead here for years, or at least I think it exists on the PC.
It definitely has a cult following, but nothing mainstream.
Yeah.
So I get why they changed the name.
You know there's going to be those purists, though.
There's always some goddamn purist who's going to be like, why couldn't they just call it Pokemon Nobunaga?
They dumped it down for stupid Americans.
Stupid Americans.
Get off your goddamn horse.
They changed it for Americans, indeed.
Yes, they did change it for Americans, because we don't have two new Nobunaga Ambition games coming out on consoles every year like they do in Japan.
Wake up!
It's fucking amazing this game is coming out here in the first place.
That's basically my point.
And it sounds like it has six on six battles and battle conditions can change on every turn, keeping players on their toes in anticipation of what will happen next.
Me, me, me, me, me.
Fancy pants reading of the quote and this article from Scott Moffat, Nintendo of America's Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing.
Pokemon fans are always interested in playing in new environments and experiencing new adventures.
Pokemon Conquest gives them an entirely new way to enjoy this beloved series, with exciting new settings, fierce battles, and nearly 200 Pokemon to team up with.
Read that first phrase again in that quote real quick.
In that voice or normally?
Whatever you want.
Pokemon fans are always interested in playing in new environments and experiencing new adventures.
Okay, okay.
You know what that translates to?
Pokemon fans will open up their wallets and give us all their... They will buy fucking everything.
They will buy any fucking thing that we put in front of them and they will like it.
If this was something that we were head over heels interested in, we have a quote for this too.
Shut up and take my money!
Exactly.
As I screw up the quote the first time.
I got it.
But I know people like that.
Shane's like that.
He probably has his pre-order in already.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Alright, let's go on to the next story.
Was that mine?
I'm keeping up, I swear.
My computer isn't, though.
Max Payne is being brought out again and being adapted to iOS.
Was this one?
I think this one... Yeah, an Android version is actually going to come a couple of weeks later.
The current rumor says that Max Payne for iOS is going to come out on April 12th.
I believe that is Wednesday of this coming week.
As to be expected, the game is going to be scaled down and adapted so that you can get your bullet time portable on.
Purely on-screen controls, no talk about any kind of a controller or anything to do that, but you can start diving around and rolling around and falling off the... Oh, what was that scene where you were going in like a drug craze and you had that terrible walkway to navigate against?
That's going to be really, really bad with touch controls.
Yeah.
most ports are really really bad with touch controls that's what makes the story interesting because like I that was the other game I didn't mention in my gaming week is that Midway for the 200th time re-released their whole classic arcade game machine classic arcade game compilation and I picked it up in all the packs so I have Yarve, Gauntlet the sequel to Smash TV same characters
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and that sucks!
I would have been less torn up if there was an optional D-pad, but the fact that it's purely tilt is just a pain in the ass.
I think I have that same one.
It's the Williams Collection or something it's called.
I thought it was Midway specifically.
It's only on my iPad.
It's over in the other room.
I have it.
It's called Midway Arcade.
It looks just like that, right?
Okay, I have it too.
And Spy Hunter, speaking of that game, is in it.
And it fucking sucks.
Yep.
Like, that's not how I want to play the game.
Joust works surprisingly alright.
The other two are Skee-Ball and that dumb little basketball game.
Which aren't even fucking midway games, they're just...
But you still get tickets from them.
Exactly.
You can get the virtual prizes from the prize stand.
You know what I've learned to do to get virtual tickets?
Here's your player's tip for Midway Arcade.
Just fucking sit there and start skee-ball and go, just swipe your finger nine times really fast.
Restart nine times really fast.
Restart.
I managed to get a 900 game within about five or six times of trying.
There you go.
So, Max Payne this week.
Android about a week and a half later.
And everything else, Touch World.
Okay, moving on.
Can I ask this real quick before we get into the next story?
Or do you want to say something?
No.
Okay.
Did you hear the news around the internet this week about how Instagram came out for Android?
Mm-hmm.
And was suddenly bashed by all the iPhone users everywhere that was like, ugh, I can't believe Instagram is slumming it up on Android.
Hipstergram is now Losergram.
Ugh.
Ugh.
They need to come out with something new on the iPhone because I refuse to use an app that exists on Android.
What the fuck is up with that attitude?
Where does that come from?
All the same holy wars that divide them in the first place.
The same brainwashing that has them upgrade a personal appliance every fucking nine months for $500 and they see nothing wrong with that.
Same attitude.
I'm going to club you with my iPhone if you keep talking.
I'll help.
But I'm not like that.
I love it when Android users get the same apps because sometimes we can still play together and stuff.
I'm totally fine with Android users having the apps.
All my Android buddies have all the same Words with Friends, Hanging with Friends.
I'm sorry, I haven't joined the Zynga Must Die petition completely yet.
I haven't started Draw Something for that reason, but I still play Words with Friends, Hanging with Friends, and Scramble with Friends.
That's right, I'll just judge you from back here.
Exactly.
All the way across the table, give that evil glare for the rest of the show.
He still gives money to Zynga.
I would ask Jason to host the show again, but he fucking plays Zynga games.
He's so not cool.
and then there are some other games we've played like there was I can't even recall the name of it but there was some pool simulator that had like eight ball nine ball and different different table arrangements and that kind of stuff and yeah those are all cross-platform and since they're since they're asynchronous and just alternating they work very well they're they're very nice and they get everybody involved okay going to our chat room at chat.orangelunchradio.com Tiger Claw says Sky it's Apple fanboys they are elitists no they're not
I'm an Apple fanboy.
I'm the guy that buys the iPhone every time.
And your desktop is a Windows machine?
I'm by... Alan, I have to tell you something.
I'm by computer-al.
By portable.
And you have the sense to skip a release before you upgrade.
Yeah, alright.
Dig yourself out of that hole.
Although, also recall one of the first couple of words out of my mouth after I walked in here last time.
Wow, I'm in Windows World.
This feels weird.
Okay, then, fanboy.
You're worse than I am, clearly.
Do you consider yourself an elitist?
you have to think about this I can't I can talk like it I don't mean it I mean when I was when I had my whole phone switching debacle I actively looked at what Sprint had offerings for both Android and Windows and because I had an iPad I was more than willing to get a different phone because I still had something to let me get done with the tools that I wanted to use but Sprint's selection was fucking garbage and they have the 4S so I was like okay I'm done I figured it out
and that's the story of how I have the latest phone.
There you go.
Alright, let's go.
It's not the Apple show.
Let's move on to this story.
That's my other show that I do.
Oh, that's right.
You really do have an Apple show.
I do.
I should let you guys plug your podcast because he has one too.
I'll let you do that at the start of the next half of the show.
All right, for now, let's talk about the Wii U and a rumor about the Wii U. And usually I don't like to talk about rumors like these, but it was kind of a slow news week because everybody was in Boston with the PAX East thing.
Which, by the way, we will have some phone calls on that later.
But for now... We better.
Rumors.
Yeah, we better because I didn't go this year.
I'm kind of sad.
So some of the other all-game shows had it covered.
But, you know, I might go to West Coast this year, which is really exciting.
So...
That day sounds awfully familiar.
That's five years later, isn't it?
Didn't the Wii launch right around that day?
Did the Wii U launch?
Or did the regular Wii launch November 18th?
I don't remember.
It was just before Thanksgiving.
Because it was just before I moved out of Arizona.
Apparently it's coming from a Japanese retailer email or something like that is where this date is coming from.
So, you know, take it or leave it.
But November 18th is the day, so...
I here's my honest reaction to that I don't think Nintendo knows the day yet I don't think Nintendo's picked the day yet I think Nintendo in part is waiting to hear what Microsoft and Sony are doing although I guess they have to release a date at E3 but they don't maybe they don't have to I want to say they didn't announce the Wii release date till after E3 that year I don't even I don't even remember mm-hmm
The Wii came out on November 19th, 2006.
Oh, so close.
Well, okay.
At least that shows that they're aiming for the same weekend, essentially.
I would not put it past a retailer to stub a date based off what they saw before to have some record in their system so they can start saying, pre-order, pre-order, give us your money, or at least some of it.
So, yep.
There you go.
Another day.
Wii U, another day, another rumor.
What else can you say?
Alright, moving on.
So there's been a lot of anger over Street Fighter X Tekken that Capcom put out a couple weeks ago in regards to all of the launch day, launch week DLC available that is on the disc that you have to pay to unlock.
And I know if Loki were here, he would be pitching a fit right now because this is obviously a thorn in his side.
Um...
There have been a lot of Better Business Bureau complaints about this and Capcom has finally released a statement.
It's very professionally coded and groomed to say, we're sorry you feel that way, but
We didn't do anything wrong, nanny nanny boo boo.
it doesn't matter if the DLC is available on the day after the release date or three weeks you still have to pay whatever five six bucks PSN points Xbox live points to access the content so there's no difference between content that's on the disc that you have to pay to unlock versus stuff that's downloaded later and they're saying you know that the the disc the product of the game
When that has to go gold, when they actually say this game is done, and then the release date, which comes a couple months later, even if that extra content that comes later still makes it on the disc, from their point of view, it was always intended to be something supplementary to the original product, and they're not wrong, because Xbox and PSN lets them do this.
And they're sorry, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You're a fighting game fan, I know that.
Given what happened with Street Fighter 4 and Mortal Kombat, I basically learned to just say screw fighting games and wait until two years later, which I know some people in chat are like, a two-year-old game, but they're going to release a comprehensive game of the year full bullshitty DLC edition.
I'd rather buy that.
They have sworn they're not doing it this time.
Unless you want to get the Vita version or whatever.
then sure, that's what Loki says get the Vita version you have a Vita, we can get it, whatever that was code for Rob, buy it for your Vita and let me play it let me play it when you're at work
I guess it's sleazy, but like they said, it's not wrong.
You know, I'm playing Mass Effect 2, which has a lot of several hour long DLC episode packs for admissions with bonus weapons and blah, blah, blah.
But the game itself is already so long that you don't
You don't really need it, and it's just being a completionist and knowing that I want to play Troll Mega Man so bad, but I don't have to, but I want to, and it's on the disc.
And it's just, you know... It's frustrating to know that it's right there on the disc, but they want you to pay... I mean, that's the frustrating thing about it.
At least the Mass Effect 2 stuff, you actually download.
And while there might be seeds of information on the disc, you're still downloading a good chunk of the dialogue and all that.
You're actually downloading.
You're not able to hack it off the disc.
Right.
In my opinion, Capcom may think this is the more convenient way to do it or whatever, but the hacking community is kind of teaching them a lesson here.
If you want to go that route, here's the price you're going to pay for it.
And it kind of sucks that legitimate users get screwed in the end.
And that's where Capcom is starting to look like idiots.
They can't do their own fucking job?
But if this is the more convenient way to do it, then police it your goddamn self.
I guess to save themselves a lot of wank from their fans have it be available on launch day digitally do not put that shit on the disc for any reason at all and even if people want to make the argument that well it's Tuesday morning and I have the disc and now you're saying there's $40 worth of DLC for me to get why wasn't it on the disc they could just say well it because it's you know you have to download it it's not on the disc and that'll remove a lot of the argument that the hackers have right now
Acidic Vampire in our chatroom says, Ultimately, it's their decision to make it pay to unlock.
It sucks, but if you want to have it your way, you should wait until the final Ultimate Edition is eventually released.
Yeah, exactly.
The vote with your wallet statement, which I think a lot of us are on board with.
Yeah, I didn't buy it.
And this is a big part of the reason I didn't buy it was because Capcom has historically shown that even if they swear up and down they're not going to do it this time, I don't believe them.
I'm not going to buy it until there's the Ultimate Edition or I'm at least going to wait until the disc is down to like 20 bucks.
Then I'll buy that, and then the 20 bucks to unlock everything, that'll be about the game right there, right?
And I guess, according to this story, the hackers, I guess, that have figured out how to play those pay-to-unlock characters online without having to actually get the DLC, apparently Jill and Shuma Gorath from MVC3
were on the disc launch day as paid-on-lock characters, but they were incomplete assets.
So to pull down that final 20% that made them playable, that was a remote file package that you had to bring down to your console.
Which is probably what they should have done here.
Capcom left characters on the disc and the hackers saw it as a personal challenge.
And they took it, they ran with it, and gee, what number of times is this that we've heard it?
The millionth and a half?
Absolutely.
Well, you know the old saying, hacker's gonna hack, right?
Haters gonna hate and hackers gonna hack.
So when you say your system is unhackable, that is like printing a wedding invitation to all the hackers, says you are cordially invited to hack the fuck out of this box.
Not only did they take the box, but they took the whole damn network and almost the company.
I mean, what set everybody off about PlayStation when they removed Linux?
You want to piss off a hacker?
Take their Linux away.
I mean, for real.
Take away their command line, take away their way of exploring, and they'll make a new way, brute or not.
And for people that work in IT, that are hardcore crypto people, they don't even have to be gamers.
They'll see the stuff as a Rubik's Cube.
Exactly like you said, it's a gauntlet thrown down.
It's a challenge.
Once they release into the crack community, here's how you unlock this.
They may not even be gamers.
They're just really into crypto, and the community is there, and they're always going to find a way around it.
It is pretty surprising that they're not only hacking, but they're going activist with it and actually playing these in matches and using it as advertising.
That's pretty ballsy to go on Xbox Live with your gamer tag and be all, look at me, bitch.
I know a lot of people that have a lot of safeguards in place that on a console that is hacked...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Interesting, because now people in our chatroom are talking about what is likely next.
And Wyland says, I won't buy Darkstalkers 4.
But Stan says, I'll totally buy Darkstalkers 4, even if there's stupid DLC.
I've been waiting for that forever.
Actdeft says, I'll buy Darkstalkers 4 when the Ultimate Edition comes out.
This is interesting.
Has...
Have the reputation of fighting games been tarnished due to not just the behavior of Capcom, but if you think about it, Mortal Kombat and WB Games didn't really do anything different.
Granted, they didn't leave it on the disc, but they did release extra fighters.
February or March, they had the comprehensive Freddy Krueger, Scarlet, Kenji DLC edition.
Exactly.
So it's not just Capcom, if you think about it.
I still stand by my argument that EVO has something to do with the timing and the extensive release and all that kind of stuff.
I really do feel that that factors in because fighting games have thankfully stepped back into the mainstream and EVO, if there's something bigger than that, I don't know what it is.
At least here in the States, of course.
yeah I don't have a specific point that comes off that I just think it ties into all of this is has Namco and Tekken and Soul Calibur done this shit I don't think they have they're still the one franchise that's relatively um because well Soul Calibur okay if you had Yoda you could pay to get Vader and if you had Vader because of the version you bought you could pay to unlock Yoda but that was that was really it it was one character and everyone knew that was going to happen
5 Princess Packs Costume Packs
but that's that's still shitty but it's cosmetic whereas in this it's players characters right I mean it's not it I think what they're doing is not nearly as bad as what's happening here over at Capcom you know and if you're into the design character stuff which I know some of our listeners are I got one of our listeners sent a bunch of custom characters he made and a lot of them are just hilarious like they're they're great real-life interpretations made in the game but
and with even more stuff I can just imagine the additional opportunities that opens up but that's totally different than a whole different character is here on the disc
I can't remember.
Right.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's talk about what games are coming out to a retailer near you that will require you to buy it in the store and then buy all the DLC later.
Okay, maybe not, but what's coming out in the US, Jason?
Especially considering the selection that I have to work with, if any of these games have DLC, that would scare me to death.
Pretty light week as far as I see from the next week.
Three games that I don't know if I should even go on with them, but here they are.
3DS, Spirit Camera, The Cursed Memoir, with bonus!
Drops on the 13th.
Oh, that's just a strategy guide.
Why is that in a game?
You failtastic.
Also for the Nintendo DS, Titanic Mystery.
Maybe with DLC you can float the ship back up with ping pong balls.
I solved the mystery.
It sinks.
It was Colonel Mustard in the ballroom with the anchor.
And lastly... With the iceberg.
I'll never let go, Jack.
I'll never let go.
We were watching Titan AE last night and the very ending had a very similar situation.
I'll never let go.
I'll never let go.
I'll save you.
I let you go.
Be free.
Save the rest of us.
At any rate.
Lastly, oh, so, Titanic Mystery is...
That's not next week, that's two days ago.
Okay, I apologize, this just failed a lot.
Spirit Camera for the DS, Titanic Mystery for the DS, 4-in-1 Action Pack for the PS3 drops on Tuesday.
Quiet week.
An unexciting week.
Well, let's go to Japan and see if it's any different over there.
On the 12th, in Japan, on the Nintendo 3DS, Nikoli no Sudoku 3D Dai Nishu Eitsu no Puzzle Day 1000 Mon That is, for real, the name of the game.
It's fucking Sudoku in 3D.
Okay.
Like, can somebody explain to me how Sudoku is fucking enhanced in three dimensions?
I can do that.
What?
Pseudocubed.
S, Actdeft,
I think you just alienated 80% of the listeners.
Look, it's like Mass Effect.
You get a choice.
You can point the thing up or down.
You were worried about tonight being a dry night.
How about the Vita?
How about it?
In Japan this week, Rayman Origins.
And, ready...
Nikolai no Sudoku 5, Shugyoku number 12 puzzle.
That's right.
It's a Sudoku game on the Vita as well.
Is that a swastika?
What is that?
That's one of the puzzles.
That is a swastika.
No, that is not a swastika.
That is not Sudoku.
It's rotated.
That is not a swastika.
Look at it diagonally.
I need the chair.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
How about on the consoles?
Maybe there's something to save us on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan.
Dirt 3!
You get Sudoku or Dirt.
Also, Grand Slam Tennis 2 and Rayman Origins on the PlayStation 3.
And lastly, on the Xbox 360, nothing, because no one owns a 360 in Japan.
No, seriously, there's nothing on the 360 this week in Japan.
How about Europe, UK, all those countries over there?
Looks like a light week over on the UK side or the Europe side as well.
On the 11th, I have Football Manager handheld for the Android, Legend of Grimrock for the PC, Skullgirls for PlayStation 3 and 360.
On the 12th, we have Max Payne Mobile, which we just covered.
Tribes Ascend for the PC.
On the 13th, Fez.
F-E-Z, not Rez, but Fez.
Maybe your little Shriners in the little cars.
I don't know.
Fez for the 360.
On the 14th, Pandora's Tower for the Wii.
Which is kind of a big deal.
That's one of those Operation Rainfall games.
Pandora's Tower?
So while we wait here in the U.S., everybody's going to be pirating it.
Yeah.
because that's what people do.
All right.
I'm just kidding, kids.
Don't pirate.
Someone on my Facebook just mentioned getting Center Blade Chronicles like they just bought it in the store this week and I was like, what?
Oh, yeah.
I guess we should only really be playing that starting this week.
Yep.
Oops.
I would have loved to have bought Xenoblade a year ago.
But not from GameStop.
Nintendo, you've made the bed, now lie in it.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's do one other quick story before we get to the classic game of the week.
DarkSakura's not here tonight.
I know she's in the chat and she can scream all she wants, but we're taking the classic game of the week car and driving it in another direction tonight.
So here we go.
Jason, one more story, though.
by the way the chat oh there was hey well I'll say this real quick the chat room is lighting up saying there is that what we know as a swastika in Japanese can be a manji which is actually a good luck and some old video games had that for instance there were some dungeons in Zelda somebody was saying in our chat room kind of looked like that I remember it was 1942 and 1943 had those symbols in the Japanese versions and they were like extra life or something
So, and it's not controversial there because it has a different meaning.
It also looks mirrored to me, I think.
Yes, I believe it's the other direction.
But obviously that's a pretty easy mistake for commoners, so generally games that would have had it and come to America get it just changed to something else entirely or just stripped out.
Yes.
New York has booted all of its registered sex offenders off online gaming networks.
Microsoft, Sony, Blizzard, EA, and Apple all cooperated with the purge.
which follows a court case in the state of New York in which a 19-year-old pleaded guilty to abusing a 10-year-old he met on Xbox Live.
New York law demands all convicted sex offenders to hand over any email addresses and online aliases to help limit their access on vulnerable web networks.
However, this is the first time it's ever been invoked in relation to online gaming.
Pretty... We never went through this six years ago with UNO.
Yeah, we're finally here.
Oh God, Strip Uno, I remember that story.
Look, here's the thing though.
Obviously, people that would do that stuff to kids are not okay and they need to be dealt with in ways like this.
I get that.
But there's another side to this that kind of bothers me.
What parent was letting their 10-year-old play on Xbox Live unsupervised?
Hello?
Did they just not know what happens on Xbox Live?
I'm like, ignorance is not an excuse.
You know what I mean?
Like, that should be a wake-up call to parents everywhere.
You need to supervise children that are going to play games online like that.
Again, I'm not saying what the 19-year-old did was right.
That's no excuse.
But I'm just saying there's kind of a couple things wrong in this picture.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Sometimes it was just myself and my sister, who is three years older than me, but sometimes it was just straight up me.
Oftentimes, especially after my sister grew up and moved out, it was just myself in the house all weekend.
This is before the years of online gaming, functionally.
This technology doesn't exist then.
Yeah, this is just a modern version of that.
These situations, and I completely understand where you're coming from.
One, there are bad parents.
Two, there are bad situations with good parents.
It would be great if parental controls were a lot more perfect, if Microsoft could step in a lot better and have some kind of a camera filter, or if they were just kind of smarter about it.
But these situations happen, and it's incredibly unfortunate.
I can kind of meet you halfway there because when I was probably about 12 or 13 on my Commodore 64 on my 300 baud modem I was calling into BBS's local bulletin board systems and posting on message boards and playing door games I was fucking playing Legend of the Red Dragon and shit at like 14 and 15 right which you know if you ever played those games back in the day they were not very nice games and my mom just said oh he's on the computer you know and I was posting on message boards and stuff and there would be people on the message boards it's like
Yeah, you should, like, come out to this meetup and all this stuff.
And it's like, okay, I'm 15, huh?
You know, and... You know, I can kind of see that side of it.
That sometimes the parents... If she knew what I was doing online, though, she would have punched me in the face.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I feel that a lot of people will pretend to be high and mighty by saying that a TV or a console should not be a babysitter, but it's a privilege for a kid to have two adults that are in the same household as them, invested in raising them, and sometimes if they have to work full-time jobs to do what's necessary to run that household,
A console or TV will be a babysitter for four or five hours a day, and I don't really think that that's negligent to do so.
And even if the parents had taken measures to lock down that kind of stuff, it doesn't necessarily mean the 10-year-old doesn't know how to crack their parents' password and lock it themselves.
Like, they're not idiots at 10.
I guess that's true, you know, but don't fucking buy him an Xbox Live subscription.
Do not buy a 10-year-old an Xbox Live subscription, ever.
And if you're going to get one for yourself, password lock it if you know there's a kid in the house.
It's dangerous.
Yeah, and if the kid still cracks the password, there shouldn't be icky 20-plus, 30-plus-year-old pedos creeping on him.
Well, that's still absolutely true, and I'm still in support of that, but I'm just saying, you know.
Everybody needs to accept some responsibility here.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's move on to a time when Xbox Live didn't exist.
We didn't have these complicated situations.
Although the Nintendo did still babysit us a little bit.
Or in the case of this week's Classic Game of the Week, an old computer would babysit.
Okay, so here's the deal.
DarkSakura's not here tonight.
So this is DarkSakura's Classic Game of the Week, but we're taking over!
DarkSakura
Why?
Because I picked a game from the Commodore 64.
That's right.
The game I've picked tonight as tonight's classic game of the week is Impossible Mission.
I don't know if anybody ever remembers this game, but this game was awesome because it was one of the first games ever to use a voice synthesizer.
And so here you go.
Here's what you would hear when you would start Impossible Mission.
Another visitor.
Stay awhile.
Stay forever.
Stay wild, stay forever
Can we even hear the thing?
By the way, the sound effects and stuff in this game is very ambient.
And there's no music.
There's no music, so you just have some very ambient noises.
I'll try to turn it up a little bit there.
Alright, so anyway, here is the deal.
In Impossible Mission, not to be confused with Mission Impossible, wink wink, nudge nudge, the big show from the 60s.
In Impossible Mission, you played a secret agent, not to be confused with 007.
that is trying to stop an evil genius, Elvin Attenbender, is tampering with national security computers.
So you go into the stronghold, and you race against the clock to search for pieces, which in turn will make a password while you avoid deadly, electrocuting, face-eating robots.
Okay, they don't eat your face, but they will electrocute you.
All right.
And you will sometimes fall down bottomless pits, and all you'll hear is, ahhh!
Anyhow.
We got the chorus going on now.
Once you finally put the password pieces together, you'll put the completed password in the main control room door, and that's where you find the evil professor.
Where do you find password pieces?
In the furniture, of course.
You search the furniture in the rooms.
You might find lift resets and snoozes in the rooms as well.
You also will have a room where you can get more lift resets and snoozes from doing a musical puzzle.
There you go.
Thank you for watching!
Rogue apparently was an early inspiration for the randomized room layouts.
The designer cited Rogue.
Do you remember the old, old-ass Rogue game that was on like terminals back in the day?
I don't know that I've played an original Rogue, but I've played a million Roguelikes.
Oh yeah, well then you kind of know what the deal is there.
Here is the speech that is in the game.
There is the death scream, which can also be heard in Beachhead 2.
They recycled the death scream.
There's another visitor.
Stay a while.
Stay forever.
And then there's also, destroy him, my robots.
Which happens in the very first room you walk into in Never Again, correct?
It's a randomized room.
Really?
And then there's also, when the game is over, there's a laugh.
And then if you find him, he'll say, no, no, no.
And then there's a lady voice that says, mission accomplished, congratulations.
And that's all the speech in the game.
That's all you can fit on one of those freaking five and a quarter floppy disks that is like bigger than terabyte hard drives these days.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You get six hours to beat the game, 36 puzzle pieces.
Every time you die, 10 minutes are deducted from the total time.
This game was ported like mad.
It was on the Apple II, the Atari 7800, the ZX Spectrum, the Acorn Electron, the BBC Micro, the Amstrad CPC, the NES, and the Sega Master System.
Not all of them had speech though.
Get this, the 7800 version on the NTSC platforms had a bug that made the game impossible to win.
So it really was impossible mission.
Somebody took the game name too literally there.
Looks like level 30 syndrome started a bit earlier than we thought.
Uh-huh.
There was a sequel called Impossible Mission 2 in 1988 with new traps and items and also a bigger stronghold.
There was a 3D sequel planned for Epyx's Handy System.
I don't know if you guys know, but Epyx was going to launch their own system.
It eventually became the Atari Lynx.
So that didn't happen.
Impossible Mission 2025 came out in 1994 for the Amiga, which was kind of the similar gameplay.
Impossible Mission did show up later.
In 2004, it was on the Commodore 64 Direct-to-TV, and it was on the Nintendo Game Boy Advance in 2004, and the Sony PSP in 2008.
Get that.
This game is also available on the Wii Virtual Console, but only in Europe, because the Commodore 64 was a fucking huge deal in Europe.
It was kind of big here, but it was huge in Europe.
April 11, 2008 is when it came out there.
This is one of those games, this is the game in my opinion, and I'm obviously very age-biased myself.
and that it's gotten better with time because when I was young playing on a Commodore 64 I was just like running, jumping and collecting these random numbers and other things.
You had no idea what the fuck you were doing, right?
I can ride lifts up and down and side to side and sometimes not even that and couldn't always figure it out.
But now that I've grown up and matured
I actually understand what's going on and what I have to do, and this game is freaking hard!
But it's a good challenge and it's worth revisiting and finally starting to get played again.
I still have not beaten the game to this day, but knowing what I have to do, going back and doing it with the original Commodore 64 version under emulation, I've been making an active try to do it and come up short so far, but I've still had a lot of fun doing it.
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, Sky, do you think Impossible Mission could ever get remade?
Well, I mean, we do have the Game Boy and the PSP ones, but... Yeah, the Wii version and all those modern consoles, I would call it a remake because it's not just like improved graphics.
A lot of aspects of the game change.
Like, you don't pick up numbers, you pick up puzzle pieces that you have to rotate and put into place that form like a map, security code, something or other, right?
Got pissed off at the game and I stopped playing it.
It's technically already happened, but not in a significant way.
I think there would be a brilliant use on, like, let's say Xbox Live Arcade or PlayStation Network of multiplayer.
Can you imagine if you and three other people all attacked the same citadel at the same time?
and like you could maybe see the shadows of the other players as they're exploring and then you know I think this would be a great competitive game especially with the randomization element in it and everything I think for like old school fans I think there's really something untapped here that the developers didn't do when they made these other ports
for some very obvious reasons perhaps.
You should be giving me the rights to do this franchise.
Even though I know nothing about game or programming games, I think that wouldn't that be a fantastic game on Xbox Live?
You could like do multiplayer, co-op and competitive.
You do co-op where you're both collecting puzzle pieces.
I think this is a great franchise.
One person manning the computer and controlling some room elements and the other person swiftly dodging the robots at a moment's notice and scanning the furniture and everything else.
A lot of potential, absolutely.
Well, there it is, your classic game of the week for the Commodore 64, where it all started, although it's available in a shitload of systems after that.
Impossible Mission.
Commodore 64, your classic game of the week.
Ha ha, DarkSakura.
Ha ha.
took your other classic game and just threw it out the window.
Nah, she'll bring it back next week.
I know she will.
It's okay.
Considering what the game is, it would just float to safety.
There's your hint for next week.
All right.
That's going to do it for part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere.
We've got plenty more to come in the second half of the show.
We're going to talk a little more about PAX East.
We're expecting to get a phone call a little later in the show.
We're going to talk about PAX East with some of the OLR listeners that was there.
I'm not ignoring PAX East.
I just, I live in California and didn't fly out there this year.
So I'm sure there's lots that's going to be said about PAX East.
We do have more news, your Fugle Question of the Week, more phone calls, and plenty more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live on this April the 8th of 2012 with the 453rd episode of our show.
A little weird tonight because we're not missing just one but two co-hosts, but we have two fantastic co-hosts sitting in tonight.
We have Alan, of course, and Jason filling in.
That's me.
I promised you guys could talk about some of your side projects because you guys don't just co-host here, but you both now have your own regular podcast that you do.
Jason, we'll start with you.
You mentioned you do an Apple-related thing.
Yeah, there's a network of nerd topic goodness called Stack Exchange, and myself, I'm quite personally vested with a couple of others on their Apple topic site called Ask Different, and so myself and two others started up the Ask Different podcast, and we've been going since...
I want to say last summer, but suddenly that feels wrong for some reason.
But AskDifferent podcast, pretty easy to search for.
AskDifferent.com is the site.
And there's links to blog, chat, finding us, finding the site itself, and all that content there.
Pretty simple.
I'm assuming that's a little pun on the think different.
Yeah, and that was the name chosen for the site.
The highest voted name to actually call the site.
I could rant for like 30 minutes on how we came to that name, but I'll spare all you guys because it's not the topic.
And you really do have a great radio voice.
I'm not just saying that because you're here, but I mean, it's convenient.
But you do have a great radio voice.
I can only imagine the Ask Different podcast is great.
Yeah.
It's not as exciting and hilarious as this show is, at least 99% of the time.
Sometimes we get in a good pun.
That's okay.
This show can be pretty boring, too.
No, I'm kidding.
This show's always amazing.
Always.
Alan, you now, in the time that you have been your last guest co-hosting on this program, you now have your own podcast, right?
Yes, I've branched out of the OLR network.
How very dare I. How very dare you.
I'm surprised you weren't banned from this program, actually.
I had to sleep on the couch for a week, so don't pretend you didn't make me do that.
I am on a podcast called Fabulous Flames, and it is a World of Warcraft podcast.
Maybe, I guess, a competitor of Horde House?
Yeah.
I was invited to be on it because the host was a fan of what I had to say on Horde House.
So there's three of us.
And it's just, I guess, World of Warcraft from a male point of view.
I don't really know what the gimmick is.
It's a gay WoW podcast.
That's what the gimmick is.
And Fabulous Flames is an actual spell from an encounter from this latest expansion.
And it's the gay dragon that was originally supposed to sound like Paul Lynn from Match Game.
and Blizzard cut his voice acting.
Our listeners are too young to get that reference, honey.
So Blizzard cut his voice acting going, no, this is not good.
So we're joking that we're the gay dragons and don't just stand in the flames basking them.
So it's World of Warcraft discussion and you can find us at Fabulous Flames on Twitter and FabulousFlames.com or on iTunes.
How very dare you work that tagline into the show.
One gay dragons, two talking dragons?
Is my lack of wow biting me somewhere here?
It's the Twilight Dragon Twins.
It's a brother and sister.
And the brother is on fire.
So I've often... Obviously, I have a side project.
I do not just Orange Lawn Studio, but I have a podcast about the World of Warcraft called The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth.
And our tagline is, it's all things World of Warcraft, but never too seriously.
So, you know, that's what we've got.
And I often get asked the question...
Is it weird that you and your boyfriend are on competing podcasts?
And I'm like, no, because I support all independent podcasts.
And that's what I've been preaching on Orange Launch Radio for years.
So I fucking love it that he's doing his own show.
It's great.
I love it.
FABULOUS FLAMES
I have all these names for fabulous vibes.
I call them the fabulous flops.
It's my favorite name for them.
Anyhow, there you go.
Honestly, I really do think it's great.
Most people I know that listen to podcasts listen at work, and they've got plenty of time to listen to plenty of shows.
I would rather somebody be listening to an independent podcast than some of that crap that certain websites that won't be named produce.
We do try to be funny.
Yeah, you try.
I'm just kidding.
I had to dig in one more.
Come on.
All right.
Anyhow, so there you go.
Also, I want to do shout-outs for PAX East.
Since we're giving other shows shout-outs, I do want to say I heard little bits and pieces of what the B-Team, which is one of the other shows on the All Games Network, did.
They were live at PAX East.
and did some good shows.
So check that out.
I also know Electric Sisterhood, which is also on the All Games Network, did a show while they were there.
I don't think it was live, but maybe it was.
I don't remember.
Sorry, girls.
But they did one, and it will be on their podcast feed and on the network this week for sure.
And I think I heard Ranma, who calls in this show all the time and will be on the show tonight, guested on it.
So I'm glad to see the All Games Network, big happy family.
getting together at PAX.
I will say the one year we did the all games thing at PAX Prime was a great year.
Oh man, that was like one of my favorite cons ever was that PAX Prime 2008 when all the all games people were there and we were broadcasting.
It was a great year.
but I did go to PAX East the first year a couple years ago and had a good time so I was sad I couldn't go this year but you know there's only so much money and you know I I spent a lot of it going to Disneyland what can you do but I am gonna try and go to PAX Prime this year if nothing else all right Rob advertised real far advertising the all games network never saw that coming well what do you want me to advertise
I have no good response to that.
I was going to say something bitchy about one of the corporate networks, but I'm not going to go there and I'm just going to ask that we go for some rapid fire news.
So, you know what's funny about that?
I'm on a loaner laptop right now and I just pulled the power cord out.
So I can tell you the first story, purely from recollection, is that Diablo 3 was finally dated for mid-May.
What's the next question for the Great Dungeon Crawl?
Torchlight.
When is it?
They haven't said yet.
Soon.
Soon.
Shortly after Diablo 3, which is still soon, but not soon enough.
You want to give me the headlines of the next two?
Because I can... Oh, what?
There you go.
Uh, Theatrhythm Final Fantasy finally dated for the, what is that, midsummer, July 3rd?
Mm-hmm.
Game was actually completely off my radar, but looking at the screenshots looks fun.
I did get a particular amount of amusement of the fact that Cloudstripe's face was completely obscured in the one screenshot I did see by the target exceeding the, or the note exceeding the target zone, whatever the particular vocabulary is for that.
Okay.
and finally Sega says Rhythm Thief is still happening and that article unfortunately I don't have on the top of my head so while my computer starts back up can somebody save my poor dead air ass there was they were on the PAX East Sega was at PAX East and there was confirmation that Rhythm Thief is still happening this is despite all the Sega bad news we had last week
Rhythm Thief was not cancelled so it is still happening it's a 3DS rhythm action game featuring people in top hats and ties I guess they're like tap dancing on disco floors there you go alright some other rapid fire news for you guys Fallout the original not the Fallout 3 which was still really good but the original original game way back in the day
was free I say was because you missed it it was on good old games or gog.com uh it was earlier this week unfortunately if you're hearing this now though it is no longer free so why am I reporting it because I just wanted you to know what you missed out on free fallout which is a great great pc you're a pc gaming fan I know you know the fallout series um
also it's worth mentioning since we brought up GOG they threw a little shade at Steam this week they were kind of like you know when you give these games away for such a low cost it doesn't really help anyone which I thought was an interesting little dig
Yeah, but I can't imagine.
I mean, EA fucked off and did their origin store because they just want to be elitist and only sell things to their own platform.
But if a game developer is letting Steam sell a five-year-old game for $2.99, I don't think Valve is twisting their arm.
Yeah.
Uh, Zether's in our chatroom talking about the Sega stuff, saying, I hope to God we get Phantasy Star Online 2 here.
If that gets canned, I will explode.
I hear ya.
That character creator came out this week, um, overseas.
It's not, you know, but the game hasn't been announced for the US.
Cross your fingers and your toes we get an E3 announcement, because if you don't hear it at E3, it's probably not happening.
You know what is happening though?
A Civ 5 expansion.
Civilization 5 Gods and Kings.
It is going to be coming out on June 19th is the release date for that.
22nd if you're international.
There was more information announced about this at Game Developers Conference, but in case you forgot, 27 new units, 13 new buildings, 9 new wonders and civilization.
They're also going to add religion and espionage into the game and some tweaks to diplomacy.
So hopefully they'll fix some of the balancing issues that they borked in the game to begin with.
But if any of my Civ friends are listening, we're going to need to get a match going in late June after this comes out because I'm eager to revisit the game again.
But God, you know how those Civ V matches will go.
You start it at 6 o'clock in the evening and then suddenly, oh shit, it's 2 a.m.
and we just discovered railroads.
Another story this week, Epic Games, you know Epic Games, they make, well, you know, Epic Games, including Unreal and the Gears of War.
Here's the deal, they have announced, sort of, that they're doing a PC exclusive project.
It was mentioned during a PAX East panel.
The unannounced PC project is under development.
The plans are to keep the game exclusive to the PC.
So, if you were worried that Epic was all about the consoles and, I don't know, iOS games now, because that's the other big thing they did, right?
Infinity Blade.
Don't worry, a PC exclusive title is in the works.
Hmm, could be interesting.
Alan?
There has been an online petition for the game Dark Souls, the sequel to Demon's Souls, otherwise known as one of the hardest console games ever this generation.
The petition's been to bring it on to the PC platform, and Atlas has come out and said, yes, there will be a PC edition of Dark Souls, and it's called the Dark Souls Prepare to Die Edition.
to which anyone that's played the game would say very much yes, you will die.
There was a lot of hype in the last few weeks about the game Journey, I believe it is, that sort of has an online element, if that's correct.
Demon's Souls was similar in that when you were fighting in these labyrinths, you would fight these ghouls that were actually other players.
And Demon's Souls has a similar mechanic, or sorry, Dark Souls has a similar mechanic
so yeah it's a very difficult game and it's coming to PC it's one of the few examples of where an online petition was a success it has over 92,000 signatures and it has exclusive bosses to the PC edition which I'm sure will be just as impossibly hard or even more so
So Dark Souls fans on PC, you're in luck.
Skyrim 1.5 patch, which I was surprised when I read this story because I've been playing on PC Skyrim 1.5 patch for a couple weeks now, is hitting 360 and PS3 this week.
and it's mostly bug fixes at least two dozen or so bug fixes that were blocking progress on certain quests.
The big deal though about patch 1.5 Skyrim is that it's adding kill moves and kill cinematic like awesome slow-mo bullet cam for projectile weapons like arrows and spells which Skyrim didn't have before and also new kill moves for melee weapons.
So now not only can you behead people, you can fry them, you can shoot arrows through their necks, and all that other stuff you saw in Shaky Cam Hunger Games.
Yes.
They fixed what it looks like when you go underwater, and it also looks like they finally fixed the Lydia bug.
Lydia's the first guard woman that you get, and when you buy a house, if you're wearing an amulet of Mara, you should be able to propose to her.
She's been bugged this whole time.
since November or whatever.
So finally they fixed the Lydia bug.
Yeah, so look for that on Xbox and PS3 this week.
Finally, Sonic 4 Episode 2, the big 2D HD resurgence of the Sonic franchise that kind of came off like a fart in an elevator.
is getting its episode two.
Everyone's like, it sounds so awesome.
And then it came out and it's no one care.
It is finally getting its episode two and it will likely be the last episode.
So they are wrapping this up really fast.
Episode of content is the way of the future.
We'll give you a part two because no one liked this shit and we don't want to make it anymore.
Thanks, Gabe Newell.
PSN version will be released on May 15th XBLA version of Sonic 4 Episode 2 will be the next day May 16th and PC and mobile versions are I guess confirmed but to be announced later yeah that's all let's go to the Fugle question of the week
Oh, no, we won't go to the Fugle Question of the Week.
One quick thing I missed in the theatrhythm story.
If you're at PAX East, you can go check out the... Oh, wait, sorry, never mind.
It's over.
Yeah.
That was a joke.
May I do the Fugle now?
Absolutely.
Every week we ask you guys a question over at Facebook or Google+.
Facebook, put them together, that's Google, that's where it comes from.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio if you want to like us over there and Google+.
Search for Orange Lounge Radio because we don't get short URLs there.
I'll start with Google+, because the very first answer on Google+, I need to read this because it has something very important in it.
Oh, I should tell you guys what the question was.
Just like I forgot to tell you what the question was just then, I forgot to give a good question earlier in the week, so I made it really easy this week.
I said, how was your gaming week?
Shit, we all say every night how our gaming weeks were, the hosts of the show, so why shouldn't the listeners get a shot?
So how was your gaming week, listeners?
I especially said, what game are you into right now that everybody else should be playing?
So Derek H starts us off on Google+, and this is worth mentioning.
He's playing Pinball Arcade on Xbox Live Arcade, but everyone should be playing Joust on MAME as part of The Hunt.
And I totally forgot to mention this.
I'm so bad, and I had notes to myself to mention this.
Partly because I had no idea this was happening until Monday of last week, after last week's show.
But DarkTetsuya, who pretty much writes most of the articles on OrangeLaunchRadio.com at this point, it's either him or Actdeft or me publishing episodes of the show and that's it at this point.
DarkTetsuya is doing a little contest and it's called The Hunt.
And it's based off of the book Ready Player One where they kind of do something very similar.
I don't want to go into all the details.
But he's doing kind of his own spin of the competition called The Hunt.
And it involves classic video games and being able to get scores that are better than what DarkTetsuya gets.
And he doesn't really try super hard because he makes it beatable.
So right now the contest he's running is Joust.
And if you can beat a score of 39,000 something, so I think it's 39,800, you take a screen cap of it and either email it to Dark Tetsuya or you post it on Twitter and you're going to get a little copper key and some points that lead you into the next round of the competition.
so Joust is the game that they're doing right now I don't know how much longer you have to do it I'm hoping Dark Tetsuya will allow a little bit of an extension because if you weren't reading the website you may have missed or seen the Twitter you may have missed this so I'm telling you guys now if you have Joust be it in MAME or Xbox Live or whatever fire it up
get the score and go on to the next round of the competition because as I understand it right now Derek H is in the lead and well we just we can't we have to give this a competition you guys
Derek H is the guy behind the big battle and all that stuff.
So we have to give him a challenge here.
We don't want to let him just walk away with everything.
So I submitted my entry today.
And I'm going to try to play in future weeks as well.
So more information is available on OrangeLoungeRadio.com Now Derek H also wants to plug You Will Die on Xbox Live Indie Games because I get money when people buy it.
Well played.
Well, I see what you did there.
Actually, You Will Die is a fun game, though.
Like, if you like, you know, your retro shooters.
He did a good job.
I did buy it.
I bought it, like, two years ago when it first came out, so he's probably long spent the money, but I did buy it.
All right, PWK responded and said, I was at my first PAX this weekend.
Congratulations.
I hope you had fun.
I want to hear more about it.
Tony M responded and said, this is an oldie, but after Atlas recently cut the prices of their PSN downloads, I've been playing Persona 3 Portable.
It's pretty awesome if you're into JRPGs.
You know, Persona is one of the series I hear nothing but good things about, but I just, I personally haven't sat down and played it myself.
But like, I said the same thing about Mass Effect a few months ago on the show.
I haven't really played it myself, but I hear a lot of people are really into it.
So, Persona, one of these days, I'm going to sit down and play it.
Maybe that's something you could do after Mass Effect.
Play Persona.
Is that a series that interests you at all?
No, you did play it before, though, didn't you?
I have Persona 3 and 4 for PS2 that I think might still be shrink-wrapped on this show.
Ha ha ha!
Alright, let's go to Facebook and read some of the answers there.
Lots of replies on Facebook.
I can't possibly read these all, but I do want to thank you guys for taking the time to actually answer these.
Let's see, another Persona.
Austin W. says, Right now I'm really into Persona 4 on PlayStation 2.
Anyone who is a fan of JRPGs, dungeon crawlers, and the social character interaction aspect of games should check it out.
Let's see.
Going to Stan says, splitting my time between Draw Something, Angry Bird Space, Pushmo on 3DS, and more Soul Calibur 5 online, trying to show off my creative souls.
Chad C responds and says, been playing Realm of the Mad God.
It's an MMORPG shooter with 85 player groups.
What?
Free to play on your browser.
Also on Steam.
35 meg download.
8-bit graphics.
Permadeath kind of sucks when your guy you logged 30 plus hours on dies, but it's so easy to get into that it won't stop you from playing more.
What?
Permadeath in an MMO?
That's crazy.
Once you hit level 20, you start gaining fame, which allows you to buy keys to unlock more dungeons.
The final boss is Onyx.
Everyone gets teleported to his lair when all quests are completed on your realm, and someone kills 2,500 mobs.
The game isn't over when he dies, however, because you can keep gaining fame to unlock harder dungeons and get better loots.
I don't know this game, but it sounds crazy.
I keep bumping into it, but I haven't really taken the plunge myself.
Huh.
Now, you knew there were going to be some people talking about Xenoblade this week, so we have Barry M. Xenoblade Chronicles on the Wii is an amazing JRPG game, much in the vein of Final Fantasy XII meets White Knight Chronicles.
I think that's exactly how I described it when I first reviewed it, actually.
Also playing Ragnarok Odyssey on Vita, Kid Icarus Uprising on 3DS, and Tales of Grace's F on PlayStation 3.
This is a great year for RPG fans.
Carlos M says, I'm halfway through Dragon Age 2 on my 360 and 56 coins and to draw something.
I like that those two games are like on the same level there.
It's awesome.
Zether simply responds, Xenoblade.
Everyone probably knows why.
And DarkSakura would kick me if I didn't say, I randomly started playing Portal 2 again.
I know, I know.
I should be playing Mass Effect.
Yes, you should.
I'm going to read this comment from Unfolded Raptor.
It's a long one, but it's good.
This past week, the blockbuster video in the city I live in was going out of business and had a liquidation sale and had to sell everything.
So I found a whole bunch of really good PlayStation 3 games for $8 each.
I ended up buying 15 that I never played yet and probably won't for a while.
I'm not going to read all these, but like Twisted Metal, Demon's Souls, Deus Ex, Bulletstorm.
There's a ton in here.
Grand total of $173.
For those games, it's a steal considering at Walmart and even at the Evil G, the lowest some of these get is around $20.
I highly suggest people play Borderlands if they haven't yet.
It's a ton of fun.
Other than that, I've been dedicating myself to Ninja Gaiden 3 and have almost finished it.
I'm loving that as well and I don't see why all the hate for it.
Sometimes I think that people forget how to have fun.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
California props it up a lot better than some of these more sparse western They all went under already years ago.
Redbox took over years ago here.
I can only think of where one blockbuster even is.
There's one over on Folsom below that I know of.
Keep your eye on it for it to go under.
Well, I'll do that.
It's right next door to Papa Murphy's.
It's like the only pizza chain I'll eat anymore.
Alright, there you go.
That was our Fugle Question of the Week.
Thank you guys for responding.
Sorry I didn't read them all, but since it was such an easy question, there was more there than ever before.
Let's move on.
Jason, more news.
Electronic Arts has been voted the worst American company ever.
Okay, not ever, but just in...
2012.
So I guess it's actually for 2011 considering the year just started.
Whatever.
Beyond that.
The Consumers holds an annual tournament to determine the most despised American companies.
Nominations are put to a vote and the ultimate winner is crowned the worst company of the year.
Electronic Arts.
Congratulations!
In a poll that took over 250,000 votes, EA beat out the Bank of America for its greed and treatment of consumers with a comfortable 64% lead.
Hell hath no fury like a pack of scorned gamers.
I don't think EA has ever double withdrawn someone's mortgage payment, and I know people on BFA that have had that happen, so I'm a little skeptical.
I know the study's been going on for a while, but with the timing of the Mass Effect 3 ending, Wank, this seems really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that mostly comes down to everything that happened in Mass Effect.
And granted, there's the DLC stuff.
I mean, I'm not letting EA off easy here, but it's not like they're Capcom.
I think EA's kind of taken the burden for everything that everybody hates with the gaming industry right now.
I think it's kind of said in that statement.
But then what also cracks me up is the people on the consumerist that are like,
Fucking gamers!
Fucking gamers ruining this poll!
Fucking Bank of America is the fucking evilest company in the world!
What the fuck is wrong with gamers?
Obviously gamers are too poor to own a house, and it's like...
You guys, internet polls are really fucking serious business, everybody.
Look at your lives, look at your choices.
You are all rabble-rabbling over an internet poll on some website.
We ain't done shit.
The rest of this article is a pretty good read.
I'll leave it verbatim.
To those who might sneer at something as non-essential as a video game company winning the worst company in American vote, it's that exact kind of attitude that allows people to ignore the complaints as companies like EA to nickel and dime consumers to death, argues the site.
For years, while movies and music became more affordable and publishers piled on bonus content or multiple modes of delivery,
or multiple modes of delivery as added value to entice customers to buy, video games have continued to be priced like premium goods.
For its exploitation of the downloadable content model, the consumerist will be sending EA a little golden poo as a trophy.
The poo is usually presented on a red pillow, but this year the company is sending a choice of colors, mocking the controversial Mass Effect 3 ending.
Sounds like the Razzies.
Sorry.
As gratuitous as EA's DLC is, I can't help feeling that it's not quite as bad as illegal foreclosures or some of the other scummy things the companies in the running did.
There you go, though.
The internet hath spoken.
Also, hath was my addition.
It said has, but there you go.
And I loved EA put out some response that was very like, we don't give a fuck.
Like it was very much like all this money on our naked bodies.
We don't care.
It's so amazing.
No, it was very like, well, I guess Halliburton and Exxon and all of them are really happy that they didn't win the award this year.
and then PopCap put out a statement that was like you fucking designed quality games for 30 years I'm paraphrasing clearly you fucking I don't think PopCap would put it that way but it was basically you fucking designed games for 30 years that are quality games and try to make the internet happy and see where it gets you but in my opinion that statement as much as I love PopCap I love him a lot but that statement
they need to step away from the Borg hive mind that they're starting to become a part of because that's not the reason why EA won this award look at the trends that EA has been starting look at the things that people don't like EA invented the online pass EA you know
Obviously, this whole Mass Effect thing, they're taking some of the brunt on that.
EA's... New sports games every year with no discernible difference.
And they have the exclusive contract for the NFL.
It's probably the driving force behind trying to lock out used gamers in the next gaming cycle.
You know they want that to happen.
Look at Origin.
Oh, God, in Origin.
Yeah.
not wanting to play nice with other gaming companies they refuse basically to play by the normal rules of Xbox Live and we're like either we get to build our own infrastructure or we're not putting our games out on your system and kind of using that muscle Mass Effect 3 isn't on Steam and you know that it would sell there exactly so anyway enjoy your golden poo
Internet polls are very serious business, clearly.
Now, there's an interesting follow-up to all this stuff.
It isn't directly a follow-up to the same story, but there's always going to be that guy that asks, what about all the good things EA did?
And to be fair, EA had a couple big stories this week that were some good news.
So let's cover them.
One of them, which I think all of you have got to be aware of by now, but it is out there,
They have announced that there will be Mass Effect 3 Extended Cut.
Mass Effect 3 DLC Extended Cut is coming out.
It's going to be coming out this summer.
It is going to be providing a more fleshed out experience for their fans.
It's going to bring closure to the ending.
Is there a nice PC way of saying we're going to fix the goddamn ending then?
Fine.
Here's the big thing about it that I gotta admit even caught me by surprise.
It's gonna be free.
It's gonna be free through April of 2014 or something like that.
And even then, BioWare said they only end dated it because EA has a policy on free DLC has to be end dated and they won't ever charge for it if they can get away with it.
and it's free because it is not an addition of playable content or missions it is literally you restore a save before the final encounter before all of the expository narrative ending cinematic crap and that visually that you watch is expanded upon so it's free because it's additional content but it's not playable
Wall of Text
I don't know.
Well, it's not a new ending, which is what people are demanding.
They're like, throw the shit that you put in the game out.
Give us something completely different.
But they won't do that.
Bioware's like, no, this is our artistic point of view.
So it's not a different ending and it's not any new ending choices.
They are just fleshing out what's already there.
Yeah.
Trying to explain it more or what have you.
So in a way, it's kind of like saying, well, it's very metaphorical and up to your imagination and you didn't get it.
So if you didn't get it, then here's we're going to throw you a bone.
So what do you think about the fact that the Internet got their way?
Well, they did and they didn't.
I mean, they're getting something else.
I'm legit surprised they're doing it for free.
And I said a few weeks ago on the show, I said, if they don't put it out for free, then they're just assholes.
And to my surprise, they're doing it for free.
So I have to stand by what I said, and that is that it's hard to complain about this.
I feel that they only really did this because their analysts or whatever saw evidence of an actual fiscal impact with the fact that Amazon was accepting Mass Effect 3 returns as a defective product.
I know that's really cynical and pessimistic it's nice that they're throwing the fandom a bone but if EA has the final say this is just damage control to say that they attempted something even if fandom still hates it and I think that their hands were forced because they could possibly lose money off of the degree of butthurt that the fandom was showing so as far as the fact that them getting their way, eh
Final Fantasy VII
right of course no game will ever be as hyped up or as anticipated as Final Fantasy 7 was but we kind of just had to eat shit and deal with it it was kind of a jank ending we didn't really have the outlet or resources to freak out on a company like this but what happened to Yuffie Yuffie and Vincent what do you mean what happened they weren't even there exactly all right
I think a lot of people probably already made up their mind on this DLC, though.
Did you have anything to say, Jason?
Jason doesn't play Mass Effect, so... I will probably get around to the series eventually, but not yet.
Completely missed it.
Well, here's something that impacts Mass Effect and some other Bioware games.
It's something Bioware is kind of known for.
And Bioware obviously tells these very deep stories and sometimes romance is an option in these stories.
And Bioware has been in many ways a pioneer for any type of relationship you want.
Meaning if you want to be in a straight relationship or if you want to be in a gay relationship.
and they're starting to get some pushback for that and EA is EA who owns Bioware is kind of the target of all this there is an anti-gay letter writing campaign going on right now EA's received several thousand letters objecting to same-sex relationships in their games
The letters are being sent to a variety of senior leaders at EA, threatening to boycott EA games until it changes its policy.
EA is standing by their games, saying they will continue to include LGBT characters in their games as options.
Every one of EA's games includes ESRB content descriptors, so it's hard to believe anyone is surprised by the content.
This isn't about protecting children, it's about political harassment.
That's from EA's chief spokesperson, Jeff Brown.
Obviously, Mass Effect 3 allows you to do man, woman, man, man, woman, woman, woman, alien, shit.
You can do whatever you want in Mass Effect 3.
Mass Effect 1 was originally going to have same gender pairings, but with Dragon Age Origins coming out on the horizon, which had a more involved relationship system, they cut that content out and let Dragon Age Origins set that precedent.
And Mass Effect 1, sorry to interrupt, took a lot of heat from conservative funding groups for having sex at all.
and many people haven't even seen the scene which isn't like it's not that much more than you'd see on an episode of like Nip Tuck or something I mean for real anyhow Star Wars The Old Republic is going to be having same sex relationships it's been reported and some people are not happy with that because they don't they only see it as Star Wars like oh that movie I loved in 1978 it's gonna get the homos we can't have that Vader ain't no homo of course it almost had incest slightly so
Although that is complete, right?
Although that is complete.
Incest is a-okay.
But heaven forbid Vader be a homo.
Which isn't even how it works.
Star Wars The Old Republic takes place thousands of years before the movies and all that.
It's completely different.
And it should be noted, same-sex relationships aren't in the game yet.
It's been noted for a future patch it will be in the game.
Um, the letters are coming from Florida, the, where the Florida Family Association is at.
And, again, EA is standing by it.
But, I mean, they're doing these, it's clearly a form letter.
And if you look at the form letters, like, people will handwrite messages on them that say, like, remember, like, look at this one.
There's a handwritten message here.
You'll get a kick out of this.
Uh, thank you, remember Sodom.
And then it's signed.
I had a friend who turned into salt last week, so...
That shit is real and you will not minimize that.
That still happens.
Can I read the hate mail here?
Dear Mr. Rickitello, it was troubling to learn that Bioware and Electronic Arts were pressured into committing to add LGBT content to Star Wars video games.
Pressured by who?
They always announced it was going to be there.
I am also concerned that BioWare employees state in postings at SWOTOR.com that they have been censoring, deleting, and banning forum members for expressing opposing views about including homosexual content in the games children play.
Guess what?
On a person's private forum, the First Amendment does not exist.
for example if you're a guest in my home and you start talking like you know imagine if we invite somebody over let's say Jason's our guest we invite Jason over into our house and Jason says you know I really hate faggots and I don't know how you and Alan can be faggots together what's gonna happen we're gonna throw him out right
Yeah.
The overwhelming number of players on Star Wars games is children who do not need to be forced as a captured audience to participate in homosexual content.
30-year-old children living in their parents' basements.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Again, if you're letting your child play an MMO unsupervised... They're not getting that $14.99 a month themselves.
Someone's credit card's involved.
We ask that you please adhere to your long-term policy of omitting and steering clear of this type of advocacy representation in your games.
What?
EA had a policy?
No.
Please do not include LGBT content in Star Wars video games that will impact so many children.
Thank you.
Remember Sodom.
I mean, the facts are just being distorted terribly.
I mean, this is... Here's the thing about this, though, is that you know these people don't fucking play video games because video games altogether are the goddamn devil.
Yep.
So there's no real boycott happening here.
This is all for show.
It's all for press.
It's all for show.
It's just like those idiots that get out there at the funerals that say God hates fags and you're burning in hell because America embraces fags.
Mr. Rogers is burning in hell because America's a fag-loving country and all this.
I hate that I'm using that word so much tonight, but unfortunately I see it in these protests and things like that.
And it's just, they do it what?
For attention.
For those that remember, I know this isn't all that similar, but when Nipplegate happened with Janet Jackson at the Super Bowl, the FCC came out and said that for all the thousands of complaints that they got, it was some random group that was made up of 20 icky, old, creepy, old white dudes that just had a form letter and they spammed the shit out of the FCC.
So the fact that they're getting as many complaints isn't really representative of how the public feels because these are just
Really isolated groups telling that they're following to send this form letter dozens of times and that adds up.
It's just people making a fuss because they have nothing better to do with their lives.
This is what they choose to do instead of going out into their community and choosing to do some good.
because what Alan and I have is so threatening.
There is no gay agenda because we're either at the bar or the gym.
We don't have time to do anything.
Stop it.
Anyway.
I love that they scanned this in.
It's signed.
I can't read that name.
Is that Homa Johnson?
No, Homa J. Lorne.
Homa J. Lorne.
Dear Homa J. Lorne, shut the fuck up.
Anyhow, props to EA at least for standing by this whole thing.
Because you know what?
I gotta say this.
Even though I haven't played Mass Effect 3 myself yet, I spoiled myself and looked at some of the stuff on YouTube.
I've looked at all the different Saromat scenes.
I've looked at the female-female, I've looked at the male-female, I've looked at the male-male relationships.
And I gotta tell you, the male-male relationship, one in particular they do in the game, is so...
well done it's it's kind of refreshing to see that it's a relationship that's not about the bar or the gym or any of that stuff it's it's really touching and they they do it so well and so tastefully like I just can't believe people are so offended by it they want to take it out of the game stupid if this is what earned EA a big golden poo hold it up high
Right?
Let's move on.
I'm all huffy now after that story.
Oh, let's do the mailbag.
Let's follow that up with some listener emails.
You know what?
The people I like to hear from.
Let's do some listener emails tonight.
Every week, you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and DarkSakura opens up the email bag and reads some of her favorites.
But since she's not here tonight, we took a poo in the bag.
That's kind of detrimental to ourselves, isn't it?
There are some good emails in here.
It's not poo.
There are some good emails tonight and Alan's going to read them tonight.
Oh my god!
He plays them enough to give a basic review and some history of the title.
Needless to say, it's a massive undertaking and worth checking out.
He has a YouTube channel, but much more content is posted on the Archive.org site.
He also started a Kron Sega series, which is going through all of the Master System titles in order.
The humor is pretty dry, but fun to watch.
Anyone wanting to know more retro gaming history or looking for some old games to play will want to give it a look.
Signed, Will.
Man, some people have a lot of time available.
I think it's great.
It's a great endeavor, though.
I saw, someone linked me to, it might have been DarkSakura, actually, a group of Let's Play people on YouTube.
There's four of them.
They did a simultaneous Battletoads, the original.
That game is hard as hell.
It's on YouTube, but it's quad screen competition to see who could reach the end of the game the fastest.
and it's filled with swears because that game is hard and that was very fun.
So look up Battletoads competition for that.
Second email is from Stan who writes, Hi OLR, I have a question for you and anyone listening or this could be a future foogle question.
What video game franchise would you like to see reimagined or translated into another genre?
For example, the Mario series was fantastic as an RPG.
My answer would be seeing the Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy characters be introduced in a Soul Calibur game.
So, like, Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy.
Well, there was Urgeis.
Do you want to kind of stretch it a little bit?
I also think it'd be funny to see Grand Theft Auto reimagined as a Japanese dating sim game.
Now that's just silly.
Signed, Stan.
Sent from his iPhone.
Okay.
And he's very upset about the Instagram news this week.
Gosh, that's a tough one.
What would I like to see cross genres?
And Persona 4 is getting a fighting game and I saw that email from Atlas and I was like, what?
How about an 8-bit version of Demon's Souls?
DarkSakura.com
I heard something about a soundtrack.
Six-player co-op.
Now that sounds fun.
Yeah.
Not exactly cross-genre, unless you want to say it's Portal being ported to 8-bit side-scroller.
Yeah, that question is really insanely difficult.
and my mind is just stuck in the fact that Super Mario RPG was freaking gorgeous and that was like the first RPG that ever really meant something to me and I actually I think it might be my very first RPG I ever actually beat.
Superstar Saga was not half bad, Partners in Time I didn't get far enough into but was still pretty fun.
I mean a Disney RPG, Kingdom Hearts was...
I don't know that there's one specific series that would mean something to me in a different genre though that I could really pick.
God of War in the style of Mario Party
Kratos is mad because he got max stars, but someone else got a star because they didn't get any stars.
How about... Okay, I got one.
I got one.
I got one.
Saints Row as a Pokemon game, but it's hoes.
gotta catch em all or it's diseases cause Saints Row is a fucking hilarious game and I would like to I'd like to see it as kind of like a silly RPG call me crazy any other comments from chat or was that it I'm looking Mario franchise is Call of Duty headshot against Princess Peach
How about Mass Effect as a more fantasy RPG?
Like with hit points and shit instead of the whole like first person.
Although I got to say, I do, I don't know.
Shepard arrives on the Citadel and pulls out a gun blade.
Not that crazy, but I don't know.
I got to admit, I'm not much of a first person shooter type person, but the combat in Mass Effect is pretty darn good.
I guess I really wouldn't change it.
I did hear though they were doing that legit first person shooter out of Mass Effect and that would have been kind of fun to play, I think.
Yeah.
Bust a Move, the music game as an RPG.
Kind of Dance Summit style.
Shane's suggestion.
Well, yeah, because you've got Kitty Ann and them.
It would be fun.
She could cast spells, disco spells.
Disco spells.
That would be the name of the game.
Disco spells.
Woo!
All right.
All right, there you go.
That's it for the emails tonight.
Send us emails, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com Again, that's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com My answer to that question also is Ridge Racer, but as a puzzle bobble slash puzzle fighter game where you're dropping cars down.
They just wreck up.
Trying to fill blocks like poyo poyo.
You're weird.
Alright, let's do the FUs of the week.
It's the part of the show where we get angsty.
I'll start tonight.
F you to that people that are sending those letters to EA.
There's so many reasons to hate EA, but that's not one of them.
That's one of the reasons to appreciate what they're doing.
So F you to all of them.
F you to sheep.
F you to people that are sheep.
Because that's who those type of people are, are sheep.
So think for yourselves.
F you to sheep.
Alan F.
I guess F you to the fact that I had a job interview two weeks ago and I didn't get it.
You know, shit happens.
It's good to have an interview.
But also, while I was trekking home from that interview for the job I didn't get, I was completely done up in a suit, dress shoes, you know, interview attire.
Rolled my ankle on uneven pavement and completely ate shit on the sidewalk.
Hilarious, I'm sure.
Should be on YouTube if anyone had a camera phone out.
So yeah, F you to, I guess, not getting a job and being a klutz in the middle of public.
F you to not having a job and needing a new pair of pants now.
Yeah, and I had to throw the pants out because the road rash was so bad it ripped a hole in it.
Do you have anything, Jason?
F you to myself for forgetting how to get out of a door of a car.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But, anti-FU to immune systems and the ability to recover from that.
And I think there was another thing, something about keys and doors and where I'm staying while I'm out here, but I think the injury made me forget it, so I guess I don't have it right now.
That's a great story, though.
If anyone asks, someone tried to mug you and you beat the shit out of them, and that's the little mark.
Or tell them it's a sex injury.
Yeah.
and let him try to figure it out.
I think I was coming up with some kind of, I tried to participate, I was casted for the role of something in Face Off and that was the suspicion mark they tested to see how good my face looked like somebody else's.
Bar fight.
Bar fight.
Bar fight.
Go with that.
Because that coat, like a beer bottle, could have hit you right there.
Oh yeah, easily.
Bar fight.
Right position.
Alright, there it is, your FU's of the week.
Alright, a few more news stories for you guys and then we're going to open up the Skype line.
Actually, we're going to hear from some people from PAX East first.
I'm going to bump their call in first tonight so we can talk to them about PAX East because we all ignorant because we weren't there.
So we need the OL Army to help us out, especially the New Yorkers and surrounding areas who did go.
So we'll talk to them in a little bit.
But for now, a few more stories for you guys.
Jason.
MissSplosionMan is finally making it to iOS.
More specifically, ExplosionMan of any form is finally making it to iOS, which will arrive this summer.
You may remember a couple months ago, Capcom decided to make a very similar game by the name of Maxplosion that came out on iOS, and there was a little kerfuffle between the two studios, Capcom and TwistedPixel.
TwistedPixel says, well, you know, Capcom made Mega Man, so I guess it's not all that bad, and...
Drama ceased very quickly.
Missplosion Man was obviously the hit sequel to the original Splosion Man, both Xbox Live Arcade titles.
Missplosion Man is heading to the App Store with a version for Steam on the PC, games for Windows Live, another PC gaming service, and Windows Phone 7 as well.
No specific pricing or specific release date, just sometime this summer.
If you were at PAX East, maybe you played it, and if the game differs in any way, call in.
Let us know.
I am legit excited about this game that I'm about to talk about.
And it's kind of sad when you get more excited about the portable version of a game than the console version of a game.
But I have legit reason for this, guys.
Epic Mickey, of course, is getting Epic Mickey 2 on the consoles, which, you know, is all fine and dandy, whatever.
Still Wii, right?
Wii, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
So good for them, stepping it up.
But on the 3DS...
Disney Epic Mickey, Power of Illusion.
Oh yes, it's what it sounds like.
It's a basic, I don't want to say a sequel to, but heavily inspired by Castle of Illusion.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Blah, blah, blah.
But it gets its influence from a lot of modern day Disney movies like Tangled is going to have a level.
And yeah, I'm so excited about this.
Beauty and the Beast from the screenshots here you can see.
I mean, it's just got that right mix of like retro look to it.
No Tron, no sale.
You never know.
You never know.
Peter Pan.
Tron is in that Kingdom Hearts game coming out.
Dream Drop Distance.
It just looks gorgeous.
I'm so excited.
I could care less now about the console one.
Just bring me that 3DS game.
You guys, it's a 3DS game I'm excited about.
Woohoo!
It's not just a port.
A 3D port of a good classic game like Zelda.
Rama in the chat room put it best.
I can't say it any better myself.
Shut up and take my money.
So this story is a doozy.
Wow, I'm not sure how to report this.
I wanted you to do this for a reason.
I guess the state of Arizona just looked at Florida as the worst state in the country and was like, no, we have to do better.
And for the last seven or eight years, they have been.
Okay, so this story is about a bill that has passed both sides of the state legislature.
So it's ready to be signed by the governor.
And it's the anti-trolling cyberbullying bill.
Is it just me or does the governor of Arizona kind of remind you of Cruella de Vil?
She's the one who put her finger in the face of Obama, right?
Doesn't she remind you of Cruella de Vil a little bit?
I'm not trying to get political or whatever.
She's kind of nasty.
Anyway, sorry.
Didn't mean to derail you.
Yeah, so it passed both houses.
It's waiting for the governor to sign it, Governor Brewer.
And basically, let me read exactly what the statute dictates.
It is unlawful for any person with intent to terrify, intimidate, threaten, harass, annoy...
or offend to use any electronic or digital device and use any obscene, lewd or profane language or suggest any lewd or lascivious act or threaten to inflict personal harm to the person or property of any person.
So you cannot be shitty to people on the internet if the recipient is in Arizona because if they try to prosecute you, it could be a class one, I think, misdemeanor, which I want to say the maximum fine for that is $2,500 and up to six months in jail.
Is that the right direction that the receiver has to be in Arizona?
I kind of figured it would have been the sender, the origin.
Oh, that is actually addressed here.
Let me find it.
Sorry.
Okay.
Yeah, come arrest me Arizona sucks, what are you gonna do about it?
There are already exceptions to the First Amendment, which is freedom of speech, which is obscene and obscenity is very vague.
And also inciting violence, like saying, this person should get beat up, let's all meet at a place and time.
That's inciting violence.
But just being an asshole on the internet, you know, think of the Penny Arcade, greater internet theory.
Have you ever read the comments to a story on Yahoo News?
Oh my god, they would fill the jails in Arizona overnight.
I'm fucking serious.
Go read the comments to any story on Yahoo News.
Any of them.
Or the answers on Yahoo Answers for that matter.
It could be a story about fluffy kitties and dogs and it'll be like, that dog is fucking ugly and it looks like an Obama dog because Obama's ugly.
Oh my god, I gotta go to Yahoo News right now and give you an idea of what I mean here.
A whole new level of quality for the show, huh?
This is important.
because yes, and this is how it ties into the gaming world because of course, what do gamers love to do more than anything?
Troll.
be shitty to each other with no consequences which I guess this bill is trying to fix and if this bill does get signed it's like many bills that California itself has had where it's effective as law for like a minute and then it immediately gets shoved into the courts and it's unenforceable and it gets juggled around in the courts to decide if it's constitutional or not for years and eventually goes away so already you know people are saying that this is way too vague and there's no way this is enforceable and blah blah blah
Call me a grammar Nazi unless that's illegal in this state, but the text of this bill is one of those things.
For some reason, there have been these weird quirk grammar stories in the news lately, notably talking about the new iPad because they only referred to it during the keynote as the new iPad.
So if anybody says, I want the iPad 3, no, you want the new iPad.
But you read the text of the particular statute and what jumped out to me immediately was it is unlawful for any person with intent to use any electronic or digital device.
It is unlawful for any person to use any electric or digital device.
Ah, yes.
One little letter.
I don't mean to narrow in on this, but it's just kind of like, the language already sucks, but to throw something in there that just doesn't make any damn sense.
Come on, guys.
So if I write something rude on the side of a toaster, I'm trolling.
I just fucking arrest you in Arizona because you're trolling.
You are now a wanted criminal in Arizona.
Since the bill stipulates that the offense only has to occur on Arizona soil, that basically puts the entire internet on notice, according to this article.
So if the infraction...
allegedly is viewable within Arizona, which, of course, Facebook, last I checked, doesn't filter themselves out of Arizona.
Maybe they should now.
That'll make people in Arizona really happy.
Did Google already block YouTube in Arizona yet?
Yeah.
That'll probably be in next week's stories.
So if the infraction is you can view it from an Arizona network, then you, I guess, according to this bill, have the right to try and prosecute.
The narrow-mindedness of something that in their dream little world could affect the whole freaking world.
Another addition to this is that if the trolling is contributing, if you're able to prove that it's attributing to actual stalking of a person, then that would bring it up to a Class 3 felony and there's a whole additional cache of stalking laws that would then be brought into this.
I guess it's supposed to be a countermeasure to cyberbullying, which I do believe kids have killed themselves because of hate pages made like this page that someone is, you know, a fat slut on Facebook.
That's shitty and parents and teachers should get involved.
So cyberbullying sucks, but an anti-trolling bill is not the way to go about it, at least not the way it's written.
Some sections of Yahoo News have apparently switched to requiring Facebook logins, which I guess a lot.
But here, let me give you an example.
Here's a story on President Obama wishes Jews, Christians, Happy Passover, Easter.
So what's the harm in the president wishing people a happy holiday for whatever it is they believe in, right?
Nothing wrong with that, right?
Let's see.
Jack Haynes says, Obama, stop lying.
We know you're a secret Muslim.
Bob Harvey says, I'd vote for Reagan's corpse before I vote for this egotistical, clueless, inept narcissist.
There actually is a story about a dead politician beating an alive one.
Jack Van Valen says, did he get the okay from the Muslim Brotherhood?
Like, if you are Republican, Democrat, whatever, I don't care, Romney, Obama, just don't fucking vote for Rick Santorum.
Seriously, oh my god.
Like that, I draw the fucking line at that asshole.
But, I mean, he is the president.
Scroll up, what's the headline again?
Obama wishes... President Obama wishes Jews, Christians, Happy Passover, Easter.
The White House Christmas card from this most recent December was, I think, their cat or their dog.
I don't remember what fucking pet they have.
It just said, Happy Holidays.
That's it.
No Merry Christmas or Hanukkah or anything.
Happy Holidays with no Christmas tree and no nativity.
And the Christians flipped their shit.
Now he's wishing Christians and Jews a Passover... Some Christians flipped their shit.
Yes.
So it's, yeah.
Can't win for losing.
Anyhow.
It's okay if you're a Muslim, a Christian, or a Jew.
Can't we all just get along?
Holidays of advertising past.
Only if you're in Arizona.
All right, look, less politics, more gaming stories.
Jason, help.
Well, I guess it's not exactly politics, but cute iOS app, Childhood's End, back online after Pedobear mix-up.
Apple was worried it might be a recruiting tool for pedophiles.
Thank you for watching!
and the developer submitted an update and the one particular app store reviewer got a hold of it and said, why is Pedobear advancing on a childhood game?
And they sent the developer a notice that they will need additional time for an extended review and immediately followed that up with direct contact with the developer and expressing their concern and caution over the subject matter.
I'd never heard of this app before, and I looked at a lot of stuff about it.
Perhaps one of the things that doesn't exactly help... Why were you so interested in a Pedobear app?
I'm just kidding.
Researching the story...
The description of the app says,
Not exactly the childish that you would expect, but what's in a name?
There's a couple things coming out about this article.
I haven't exactly understood what exactly this is, but there's a screenshot of the in-game bears versus a picture of Pedobear and saying...
Of course, the image is broken now, so I can't recite it off.
But it's drawing a contrast that this is a teddy bear.
You will see it in almost any American child's home that has stuffed animals.
Why is this a big deal?
I mean, we know why it's a big deal, but this particular version just makes no sense.
The game was subtly changed.
The art for the bear was changed a little bit.
The update resubmitted, and I believe it's been approved at this point.
now pita bear free one of those things silly situation for something that probably didn't need to happen but it did so there you go one more news story for you guys before we get to the calls and as if this show couldn't go any further down the toilet
I think this news story is kind of like it's trolling that somehow is traveling across the game blogosphere because this guy can't be fucking serious.
Tell Governor Brewer.
Well, arrest this man.
It is... Who did this?
It was Camille...
and Gurmanprez.
I'm sorry if I butchered that name, but Camille Gurmanprez talked about Studio Arcados.
They made the game Hell Yeah for Sega.
It's one of their first games to come out.
They're taking a month off and then they're going to come back and do some more games.
But saying it's Sega's PAX East booth, the comment was, quote, we're going to make two games, one game on pee and one game on poo.
Yes, that's right.
One game on P, one game about P, and one game about poo.
It's going to be a Steam game, I think.
Okay.
I swear to God, it's on every game blog.
Go look at any of them.
Presented with no comment?
Is that what I just heard?
Do I need to comment on this story?
What is there possibly?
I mean, can we set the bar?
We already had news stories about the urinal games where they were installing games on the urinals for men to play or, you know, women if they want an extra challenge while they relieve themselves.
Women get the Metal Gear Solid version where no one catches them in the bathroom.
Because that might be kind of awkward.
For my birthday, will you get me the pee and poo plush dolls that are in chat?
If that's what you really want.
Is this for real?
Yeah, they were on sale in the castor actually a couple years ago.
You would know that.
I have an idea what a poo plush doll looks like, but I want to... Oh, God.
They're so cute.
Maybe they got licensed to this game or something.
I don't know.
You need a license?
Okay, never mind.
Maybe pee and poo have been licensed.
They're the actual characters.
Ranma, can you post Salacious Pops link to the Tumblr?
So the podcast listeners have an idea what we're talking about because I can't.
How much do they want for this?
Oh, sorry.
Oh, this item is discontinued.
No pee and poo for you.
I'll make you a poo for your birthday.
If you go on eBay, you'll find that pee and poo plushies are a collector's item.
How much do they go for?
Ah.
And on that note, we're going to go to the Skype line.
We're going to open it up right now and take your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Actually, I do want to make sure our PAX East people get through, so I'm going to kind of wait and let them call in first here because I want to hear from people who went to PAX East.
Again, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
And here they come.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ranma.
What's up, everyone?
What a surprise.
Hi, Ranma.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
How about you?
I don't know what to think after I've seen the pee and poo plush dolls, but... Yeah, my thoughts exactly.
So, you literally just got back in the door from PAX East, right?
Yeah, about an hour ago, give or take.
And you've been listening to OLR the whole time, I'm sure.
Yes, yes, yes.
Behold the power of smartphones.
So how was PAX East?
Fun.
I really enjoyed it.
All right.
There's your PAX East wrap-up.
Have a good one.
You're funny.
You're a funny guy.
Have you been to PAX East before?
Yeah, this is my third PAX East.
This is your third PAX East.
Where does this rank?
Because I was reading some negativities on Twitter.
The negativities are probably coming from the people that were complaining about the fact that it was the same weekend as Anime Boston.
Hey, look, people, if you've gone to more than five to six anime conventions in a year, it wouldn't kill you to go to a gaming convention, which was a hell of a lot better.
Just please shower while you're at the convention.
That's all we ask.
Actually, at this one, there was a lot of showering.
There was very little confunk.
Sorry, I'm laughing because Actdeft in the chat room.
The Pee and Poo dolls might be out of stock, but now there's an HIV plushie.
Oh, jeez.
It's in a family with a hepatitis C and a tuberculosis and polio.
I love the internet.
I love it so much.
Oh, yeah, PAX East.
So what was on the show floor?
What were they showing?
We didn't hear a lot of news news come out of PAX East.
No, no.
It was just more... From what I can see, there was a lot of independent developers, especially from the Boston area.
I mean, there was a big Microsoft display, them really pushing the Kinect games.
Over in the corner was Nintendo.
They were in the same place they were last year, pimping out the 3DS with one new game, Spirit Camera.
It was a nice mention of MMOs.
You had League of Legends all the way towards the back of the Expo Hall, but
Packed all the damn time.
There were people wandering around checking out Lotro and D&D Online.
And one other thing that PAX does a lot of too is that they just have... It's not just about the new games or whatever that's on the show floor, but there's people sitting in the hallways playing card games and people playing D&D in rooms and people playing Magic the Gathering and classic games.
I mean, how many freaking games did you see people playing?
Too many.
I mean, there was like...
and Catan.
I mean, there was one booth.
I forget the name of it, but you could pick up a game and borrow it and just learn to play it.
I remember early yesterday afternoon, I was coming back from the expo hall.
I ran into a Daisy cosplayer.
We started talking.
Next thing you know, I'm sitting there with her husband, a couple, and two other people.
We're sitting there playing a round of Cards Against Humanity.
Good times.
Oh, yes.
Yes, indeed.
Did you go to any of the panels?
Because I know there's a lot of great panels and things that come out of PAX.
A lot of announcements come out of the panels.
I went to one panel the whole weekend.
It was the Nerdcore Hip-Hop panel, which is something I look forward to every year.
Nice.
How was that?
It was great.
It was a little bit different from last year's, where it was Frontalot, MegaRan, and Kay Murdoch.
They pretty much discussed...
The history of hip-hop, nerdcore, how it came together.
Last year, Megaran discussed more about how he got into it, his backstory.
This year, it was a little bit more about Frontalot.
It was pretty cool.
Who did the concert this year?
Was there any concerts?
Yeah, there was a lot of concerts.
Friday night was Metroid Metal and the Proto Men.
I forgot who was on the...
I think it was Storm Runner.
I think that was the first one.
I caught a part of Metroid Metal and this was my first time listening to them and I was like, wow.
The best way I can describe Metroid Metal is this.
Take Metallica in their prime at plus one.
I love Metroid Metal.
We've played some of their stuff on the show.
It's good stuff.
I picked up both their albums and we listened to it on the way back.
Very nice.
And Saturday night was Colton, Paul and Storm, Front of Lot, and MegaRam.
Okay, wait.
Look what I found.
Look what I found.
Metroid Metal.
Oh, yeah.
I can't wait for Metroid Screamo.
Oh, Rob, here's a quick story that you'll greatly appreciate.
As me and Jovi were walking into the convention center, I had said to her that I saw somebody with an X-Play pen on their back.
I'm like, I threw mine in the garbage.
She's like, why?
I'm like, because...
I don't support G4.
The person at least six feet in front of me overheard me.
He's like, yeah, I can't stand them either.
Next thing you know, there's about 20 to 30 people going into the convention complaining about how much G4 sucks.
Well done, Boston.
Well done.
Yes.
Yes, indeed.
All right.
So before I let you go, what else do we need to know about PAX East?
Anything else you got to share with us?
I did check out a couple of games Final Fantasy Theater Rhythm It's a fun game Only Square Enix can take a music rhythm game and make it into an RPG 40 bucks worth?
Is it worth it?
Yeah, that's definitely a day one purchase Interesting, okay I also checked out Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode 2 And is it as shitty as the first one?
I love the graphics, the controlling, not so much.
I'd wait on that.
But this was something funny because we were talking to one of the people at the booth.
Sorry, I just had a cry for Sonic.
That's okay.
We were talking to one of the guys at the booth and he was saying it's only going to be on 360 and PS3 because...
This is a Wii's hardware limitations.
They won't be able to port it.
And I said to my sister, but yet, I have Sonic 4 Episode 1 on my Android phone.
And the guy's like, yeah, what does that tell you?
Very nice.
Well, Ranma, I'm glad to hear you had a good time at PAX East.
I wish I could have joined you guys out there, but now it looks like I'll have to do Seattle this year and maybe Boston next year if money looks better.
I was going to say 2013, bro.
2013, OLR suite.
Fonamay for your birthday?
Hello?
That's going to have to happen.
The way I see it, everybody's telling me to go to Fonamay.
I might have to go west, young man.
Oh, good, because all I was about to hear was excuses, and I'm not having any of that.
So we hope to see you.
I don't need an angry Rob.
I don't need that.
All right.
I better let you go, Ranma.
One more thing before I go.
Assassin's Creed, go to their Facebook fan page.
They're having a contest for the best cosplay.
Please vote for my sister, Lady Ava.
She made the Heliquin costume from scratch, and it's fucking phenomenal.
Please vote for her.
That's it.
you got it, take care buddy bye bye I gotta make a quick call here sorry I see other calls coming in but I've gotta make a quick call here cause somebody very special wants to be on the show and I need to oblige here if I can find them cause they said they were on Skype but I don't see them this is amazing radio we're gonna call them right now try to get them on the phone
I'm going to hope it works.
This is live radio, boys and girls.
Making a call right now.
Trying anyway.
Hi.
Hi, DarkSakura.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm the voiceless lender.
See, you do sound like hell.
I told the listeners at the top of the show that you sound like hell, but I'm sorry to hear that.
It's all right.
I'm feeling better.
That's good.
Listening to OLR with Jason and Alan is making you feel better?
Well, that and exceeding amounts of Robitussin and Sudafed.
She is high as hell right now.
Dude, no way.
I can take all this stuff with... No, if you want to see me high as hell, you should have seen me when I had pneumonia a few years ago and was on Vicodin and codeine all the time.
DarkSakura, is there anything you wanted to say on tonight's news or anything we talked about?
Oh, yeah.
One comment.
And this, that clearly is a comment on pee and poo games.
Well, Shermie farted too with all the Capcom stuff.
Oh, that's good to have the comment from Sharmi.
Appreciate that.
Especially since we're not doing the show at your house anymore.
But you have a birthday coming up.
Yes, I do.
So when we come back in two weeks, because we're not going to be here next week, when we come back in two weeks, it'll be like your birthday show weekend.
So what are we going to do for your birthday?
Cake and pink berry.
That sounds doable.
I think we could do that.
Yeah, because...
Well, I mean, I'm doing something this Friday, but you know me, when I have my birthday, I like to let the party go, you know, for a couple weeks.
Exactly.
Make it last.
You only get one a year, so make it last for a month.
Exactly.
And you remember the beer and cake potluck?
I do.
Well, I'm thinking about having a pie party.
I'm thinking about it.
Pie is awesome.
So I think you should definitely look into doing that.
Yes.
Or either that or just Dave and Busters and I drink until I barf or something.
I don't know.
I hope you feel better in time for that to come around.
I hope this doesn't stick around for a week.
No, it's all allergies.
On Thursday, I was over at Becky's house playing with her son in the backyard that was very grassy.
I'm very allergic to grass.
And
I started stuffing up like right after that and Friday I was just sniffy.
Got the sniffy over and then started hacking so that's why I have no voice.
Aww.
Well, I hope you feel better.
Huh?
I hope you feel better.
Thank you.
I am.
Alright.
And I hope you're not too mad I changed the classic game of the week.
No, bitch.
Alright.
I kind of expected it, because honestly, I would have been disappointed if I didn't get to do the one I wanted.
Exactly.
So we'll hear that in two weeks when we come back with OLR.
Anything else you want to let the listeners know before we let you go pass out from Robitussin?
I'm not going to pass out from Robitussin, not for another hour anyway.
All right, then, before I hang up on you.
Um...
No.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye, DarkSakura.
Thanks for calling.
It's always good to hear, you know, check in.
Say hello.
The phone's ringing off the hook tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Tons Radio.
Who's this?
This is Shane.
Hi, Shane.
What's up?
I'm playing World of Warcraft.
That's what's up.
Did you go to PAX East this weekend?
I totally didn't.
So why are you calling?
I don't know.
Why are you calling?
You called us.
What do you want?
What's on your mind?
I wanted to respond to the EA getting the worst company of the year thing or whatever I totally, after reading EA's statement that they put out I felt really bad for them and I kind of feel like the internet won and lost because they were just way too loud and they should not have beaten Bank of America of all people
You do realize in their statement, like they said, well, at least it wasn't Halliburton or da-da-da.
And they named like three of the prior winners of the contest.
Oh, I didn't know there were prior winners.
But still, I don't think they should have even come close to winning.
I think there were a lot of other companies up there that I saw in the like half a picture I would see on Kotaku when I'd sadly go to their site.
I think I saw Best Buy up there, which they deserve to be up there.
I think I saw AT&T, which deserve to be up there.
Here's the thing, though.
Does it really matter?
It's just the internet.
It's a poll on the internet.
No, honestly, I guess it's publicity and the whole saying about publicity and stuff and it's never bad, blah, blah, blah.
Mass Effect 3 Ending
Um, I'm torn.
I appreciate what they're doing.
It's still not what I would like.
But one of the writers clarified some things this week on Twitter.
And it sounds like a lot of the doom and gloom that people inferred from the endings were because the writers thought we were smarter than that.
But, you know, that's a stupid thing to think when you're basing it off of things you've seen in the game for the past however many years the series has been going.
um so I'm excited to see the extended cut I know it's not going to satisfy me though because it's not what I exactly want which you know that's an impossible request anyway I kind of I mean can they do anything to make you happy though
Yes, what they could do is make a Mass Effect 4 with all my same characters and just make a new story and keep it going.
Because I am not done with Shepard or any of my crew members.
Even the ones that may or may not have died in 3.
And ones that you're trying to sleep with and continuing your relationship with.
Yes, especially Caden.
And you want a more explicit Mass Effect 4.
Yes.
No, no, but better romance scenes would be nice because it's like, you know, maybe a 10-year-old came up with them when they didn't have any concept of what a relationship is besides like kissing and holding hands and maybe like hitting the other person every so often.
Well, wait a minute, though.
Okay, let's get into the other story, which is about the whole target of the EA is a target of the anti-gay campaign.
So you've obviously romanced Kaiden with your man, Shep.
So you're benefiting from the content that they've put in the game.
A, do you think this campaign means anything?
No, it's just something for that stupid organization to do this week.
Because they pick something new every week.
And B, well, you kind of like showed me these scenes that, you know, the man-on-man with Kaiden and all that and how well done they were.
Well, they're well done.
Well, okay, wait, wait, let me back up.
The romance scene is not well done once you get into the romance part.
But the date scene and the conversations they have, brilliant.
Because Bioware, for the most part, can write amazingly well.
But they need to learn a thing or two about romance scenes.
Because Dragon Age, that was laughable.
I didn't see Mass Effect 1.
I didn't do anything in 2 because I was saving myself for Kaden.
And in 3, it's like...
Let me get pushed down on the bed and then we're gonna roll around for like half a second and oh, we're under covers now and we're sleeping.
Okay, but it's not like they're gonna get porno on you.
No, but it was also more like I can't spoil things.
It was like a shirtless scene of something that you do earlier in the game with another crew member that isn't romantic at all.
Wrestling?
Well, there's like a little sparring match.
That's kind of what it reminded me of, except we had no pants.
There were pants in the sparring match.
All right.
But otherwise, I mean, it's certainly more interesting than what we've probably seen in any other video game, wouldn't you say?
Probably more interesting, you know, the male-male or female-female stuff we've seen in other games, which has been remarkably little, but I'm sure in other games there have been better male-female romance scenes, because I assume...
The developers are probably straight and have more experience with that.
They couldn't just load up a porn website and find gay stuff.
That is a pretty blanket statement to make, though.
I mean, there's probably hundreds of people that work at BioWare.
I'm sure there's a couple people there that have some first-hand experience.
But I'm saying the ones that designed the scene, not that worked there, period.
Gotcha.
I'm sure there are like three.
Right.
Shane, I've got to let you go to get some more calls.
Do you have anything else you want to say?
Oh, you should go download the rest of your download content for Mass Effect 2 because the Shadow Broker is what I did today, that $10 one, and it was amazing.
It was so, so good.
I'll do that right now, except I spent all my points on that Pinball Arcade game.
Well, go buy more points.
Problem solved.
Holy crap.
I've got to let you go.
Bye now.
Bye-bye.
Excuse me, our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Acidic Vampire in our chatroom says, the actual romance scene is kind of dorky in Mass Effect 3, but the after romance scene is quite touching.
Bonds006 says, Enchanted Arms for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
That has tons of guy-on-guy action.
I vaguely remember that, but I don't remember having tons.
I just remember it being one of the first.
But anyway, we have more calls coming in, so let's get to them.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
We can't hear you.
Hello?
I heard a click.
Hello?
Wait, did you hear me?
Yes, we do now.
Hi.
Who's this?
Yeah, damn, mic switch.
Gotta love those.
That's all right.
Xenocore from the OKC.
How you guys doing?
Hey, how you doing, Xenocore?
See, I knew you knew how to work your Skype.
It just had to be something like that.
All right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much of it.
I purchased Arkham City finally because I said, screw it, I'm not going to get any DLC anyway.
And it's ruined gaming for me now.
I can't play half the other games because it's not as satisfying.
Arkham City is just that fucking good.
Like it raised the bar that high that now everything else sucks.
Asylum is better.
Well, I guess just the way it goes, you actually feel like you're really whooping ass.
I mean, everybody knows this about Arkham City and Arkham Asylum anyway.
This isn't new news, but the fact that nobody else has done this in any other game yet is freaking annoying to me.
I finally upgraded my POS computer to something that's near top of the line.
I play Arkham City, and now I can't play half the other action or RPG games on it because they all suck.
DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm not paying attention to those.
We'll see.
But that combat engine is unique.
It's not going to work in anything that's that large because it's tied together.
Like the combat from way back when, from the game Oni, when that first came out on a PS2, that combat system was amazing.
But the way they built it, you couldn't do anything else with it.
There's no multiplayer or anything because of the way they glued it together.
So,
I think Arkham City and Arkham Asylum that style of gameplay is going to be stuck in that.
Have you checked out any of the DLC yet?
I'm not going to.
Robin, Nightwing, whatever.
All I need is a big bat and cat woman and I'm good.
That's interesting.
I don't know why, but I find that very interesting that even though you love the game so much, you're like, nah, I don't really need to do the DLC.
Because for me, I probably will have to play all that Mass Effect DLC at some point just because I'm getting so into this.
Mass Effect DLC.
Jesus, man.
What a racket that was.
Have you played the Mass Effect DLC?
No, because my roomie, he bought the game when it released, and he was going to ruin it for me.
So after seeing what actually rewards you get, it's like beating Rygar, but not doing it in an old school way.
The old school Rygar ending was something you got because you fucking earned it.
Everybody can get to the ending in this game, and it's going to be a piece of shit, so why bother?
I'm not going to pay for it.
That's a classic 8-bit game I really need to try and do start to finish.
Yeah, Vigar was two screens and one of them had some animation on it.
That's it.
But that game was so freaking hard you were glad to see that screen because not many people get to see it.
Seriously.
They're just going to slap a patch top of Mass Effect 3 to explain the ending apparently.
They're not going to actually make it to where you actually steer the character in one of three directions without making a single choice at the end.
which ruins the whole experience for me.
So, nah, they're not getting any of my money for that series anymore.
All right.
Any last thoughts before we let you go tonight, Xenocore?
Yeah, to DarkSakura.
Let that Tussin soak in there, girl.
Remember, put some water in it, shake it up, more Tussin.
Tough it out.
All right, no.
Hopefully she's listening.
I hope she heard that.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Later.
All right, bye.
Bye.
1877 game OLR username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio I guess we can try and squeeze in one more call we're getting a lot of calls tonight so I'm going to really try and fit in one more call here before we say goodnight meanwhile I need to read tweets I have been totally ignoring the Twitters at twitter.com slash OLR but let me read some tweets for you right now no I'll take a call then we'll do tweets this will be the last call tonight hi who's this
Yeah, it's Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, Zaku, what's up?
Yeah, me and Adam, or Ranma, as we would aptly call him, we all went to PAX together.
Hell, we even roomed together.
Nice.
How was it?
How did you enjoy PAX East?
It was almost a...
Thank you for watching!
Stuff like the harmonics panel on Saturday, when they actually explained the whole process as to how Rock Band Blitz became, actually gone about.
Like, it actually started off as a prototype.
And, you know, within, this was a prototype that was done within the course of at least three years, even though it didn't pick up full steam until last summer.
So it basically went through several iterations where, for example, they actually did a lot in terms of trying to figure out the proper controls, seeing that they proposed so many ideas and solutions that most of them ended up failing until they found the one that worked, which is basically either the joystick using the D-pads and the buttons or the shoulders,
Just to hit both notes.
And then the whole notion of having, whether or not to make it just like frequency and amplitude in terms of shifting you from one instrument to another automatically.
So it deviates from that in the sense that you can just play any, you can stick with one completely.
Like I tried it today and I was pretty much bouncing from one track to the other within the song.
So, you know, coupled with the fact that you could just do mostly power-ups that you gain as you obviously hit more notes, then it just basically, it's almost like Audiosurf, but in the sense that everything's structured.
More importantly, everything is, it's just binary in the sense that...
No, no, no.
That wasn't there.
I'm pretty certain Prime will probably... That depends if the developers get themselves a booth for Prime.
But back to the point, it's like...
Back in the days of Amplitude, it was pretty much the same way, but the fact that the songs themselves are of a rock nature, where it's not like techno, and this is one of the questions that was brought up in the panel, I guess the rationale was it's easier to just release a product in which, on day one, people who are existing rock band users and consumers
could just start playing right away with their current collection.
Whereas if they added things that normally wouldn't fit into that rock band caliber, like a techno trance song that made Frequency and Amplitude pretty much a cult classic, then folks would have to start all over from scratch.
Let me try to get away from the rock band stuff for a minute because we've seen so much about it on the internet.
What other panels did you get to?
Alright, the other ones... Let me see.
The Kotaku panel.
That was on Friday where everyone in that panel was taking it over for an hour.
So I just threw out one little question in terms of...
Sort of like an inside thing in Kotaku.
If you were really in the site, you would actually know all their sections, how they have their own blocks of stories.
Wait, they let anyone have a panel?
They clearly are letting anyone have a panel, so I want an OLR panel at PAX Prime.
Yeah, but they had folks writing stories within the hour.
Was it a workshop?
They had people actually air their grievances in terms of banning people or actually taking pictures and so forth.
There was even live blogging.
That's productive.
Open the floor back up to the people banned from a website.
Did they suck their own dick in front of all you guys too?
No, it's like... What happened was the editors, or actually the former editor of Kotaku, was spearheading the panel.
So the idea was that folks would just pitch their story ideas.
And the audience...
The audience would actually pick the ones that they would want to hear about.
And within that hour, they would have to actually write an article for it.
Did they have a big gong and did somebody judge people?
Yeah, the editors, obviously, the editing team was pretty much making sure everything was there.
All right, no disrespect, but I could give two shits about the Kotaku panel, so tell me about another one.
All right, the other one caught the tail end of the Epic panel, where Cliffy B basically was just going off for questions in the audience, one of which was a girl actually trolled
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And then she was promptly arrested in the state of Arizona for trolling the panel.
It was amazing.
Alright, but the last one I caught was basically a classic arcade panel.
How do you have my interest?
In PAX, they have an actual classic arcade room.
Nothing but old arcade machines.
I love that room.
The folks from ACAM, the American Classic Arcade Museum, actually ran the panel with...
with a couple of developers who actually worked on the original older arcade titles, one of which was Food Fight and Ms.
Pac-Man, and then the third one was a developer for the Cruisin' series.
That is awesome.
So they were going through how back in the day they were like,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and to the point where it leads up to the crash.
We're running long here, Zaku.
Let me just quickly ask you your favorite thing about the whole con.
Certain prizes.
Swag.
Swag.
Free shit.
It's a great thing.
I played Battlefield 3 in a mini tournament and all I got was a 4 gig USB drive.
Hey!
Hey!
And we're just saying me and Adam had ourselves a kick-ass time.
Alright, Zaku, I gotta let you go, but I'm glad you had a great time.
Actually, I'm a little jealous, but I guess I'm happy.
Alright, take care, Zaku.
Alright, have a good one.
Later.
Some things haven't changed.
All this coming out of people's MIT dorm rooms.
and DarkSakura.com.
Redertainment tweeted us saying Bank of America tried to foreclose on homes in a state that they don't have the right to operate in How did EA win worst company?
Because it's the internet
Lo, lo, lo, lo, lo.
DarkTetsuya says, the hunt at OLR is heating up.
Your next challenge starts this week.
It might be a little different from what you're expecting.
Go play the hunt.
Go get your score in Joust.
He said he'll extend it to like Tuesday or Wednesday.
I know what I'm doing on the bus tonight.
There you go.
You can work it on your iPhone.
Exactly.
It's not restricted.
It's kind of like an on your honor thing.
Like if you go and Photoshop something, you're just a dick.
And don't play in our competition just to be a dick.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Activision Blizzard has been sued for patent infringement of Virtual Worlds usage due to World of Warcraft and Call of Duty.
They're being sued by Worlds Inc.
Worlds Inc.
claims that World of Warcraft and Call of Duty are violating the patent.
"...technologies created by Worlds have helped the business of Virtual Worlds and gaming and the sale of virtual goods to grow into a multi-billion dollar industry."
This is the second time they've done this.
They filed suit against NCSoft in 2008 for City of Heroes.
It was dismissed after an undisclosed settlement was obtained.
World's Inc.
has been in business since either 99 or 2000.
I actually know of them.
I've heard the name too, but to say they're responsible for World of Warcraft and Call of Duty, it's kind of like, dude, I think copyright law online especially needs to be updated because things have changed since the Revolutionary War.
Just slightly.
uh all right we got we gotta wrap it up we're running long tonight um who knew that it would be a long episode when we have guest hosts tonight but I'm so thankful to you guys for stepping in tonight I really appreciate it um Jason thanks for being here um do you have any final thoughts for listeners tonight uh
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and thanks for all you do once again for OrangeLaunchRadio.com and superly more importantly pee and poo plush 65 bucks that's it alright Alan thank you for sitting in I know you live here and you sometimes don't have another choice because I'll threaten to make you sleep on the couch but thank you for filling in you're welcome it's been a while even though this happens
You know, the apartment every week.
Good luck with the flopcast.
Yeah.
Bitch.
Do you have any final thoughts for listeners tonight?
I'm going to beat Mass Effect 2 tonight, I think, maybe.
Good luck with that.
Yeah.
All right.
My final thought is...
BRB, Disneyland See you guys in two weeks Thank you guys for listening to Orange Lounge Radio Thank you for subscribing to our show Thank you for supporting our show If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio Please tell a friend or two about the show Help spread the word That's all we ask We don't have big advertising dollars behind this We don't have giant PAX panels Where we can sit there and suck our dicks on stage for an hour
to help spread the word about the show.
So please tell a friend or two.
And then maybe we can get that panel someday.
Although honestly, I would much rather have a panel let some of those guys who founded the way from the classic arcade games of the past sit in.
I just want to hear them talk.
So have a great night, everybody.
Have a great week.
Have a great two weeks.
We'll be back in two weeks, hopefully with Dark Sakura and Loki all over again.
Have a good one.
We'll see you then.
Good night.
20 seconds.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but were probably right anyway.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
