You're listening to the podcast Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 454.
Before we get to tonight's show, we would like to start with an important announcement
that occurred during the taping of the Bobby Black Wolf Show the night of the recording.
Up first is that clip courtesy of the Bobby Black Wolf Show.
But right now, it is 6 p.m. on the West Coast, 9 p.m. on the East Coast, and I want to say hello
to all the OLR listeners that are coming in for OLR. I'm Bobby Black Wolf. I'm typically the opening act
here on Sunday nights. We typically don't talk meta that much about where we broadcast all that
often. We feel that those type of conversations are best kept off the airwaves and in private,
but indulge us for a few moments as we discuss some things here. All Games Radio has been our
home for a long time. I was actually the first broadcast on the network here almost seven years
ago. And OLR was actually our first affiliate to have a pre-recorded show, and then eventually I
was able to get them to move over to be broadcasting here on All Games. We've had a lot of great
experiences here with this network, from E3 Outpost to the Xbox Live GamerPix to PAX08 and
E4ALL on the live broadcast. Lots of great things have happened that I know I personally will
cherish for the rest of my life. And even though I was removed to station manager and site admin
several years ago, I've enjoyed the community and the stage that has been here. It's been my home
for one hour a week here on Sunday nights. There are changes coming to All Games Radio, and
they're changes I don't personally endorse. They're not necessarily bad, but they're not
ones I personally want to be a part of. And one of the other show hosts here on the network stated
that if all you wanted to do was just have a stage to do your own show and not attempt to help move
forward to make the network a better place, then you needed to get out of the way. So even though
I don't personally endorse the proposed changes, I don't wish to stand in the way of them. So tonight
right now I'm announcing that this right here is my final broadcast on All Games Radio.
Well, this might be a good time to mention that there is a reason we haven't hung up just yet.
You know, Orange Lawn Radio started as its own fully fleshed radio station in 2002 on Live 365,
and after five years we made a business decision in light of escalating costs to move to the All
Games Network. This arrangement, you know, as Bobby mentioned, it was really initiated and
championed for by Bobby. We've been absolutely honored to have Bobby. As he puts it in his words
as an opening act for the past five years, we view it a little differently, but without Bobby's
efforts it's very possible that OLR as we know it would have ended several years ago. You know,
change to All Games Radio is going to be a great thing for the station, but it's time to let you
all know that a plan was drafted some time ago that will require us in order to take Orange
Lawn Radio to the next level to leave the network as well. Tonight's upcoming episode, episode number
454, will be the last Orange Lawn Radio on the All Games Network. We've been fierce supporters
of independent podcasting and podcasters, and this is not and will not change. We remain supporters
and fans of the All Games Network, even though the future for Orange Lawn Radio will involve our show
being elsewhere. Out of respect to the other hosts and community at All Games Radio, we will not be
unveiling those plans here on their bandwidth. Stay tuned, you know where to find us. Yes,
the show will go on next week, and yes, Bobby is still the co-headliner. On my way out, there are
a couple people I do want to thank, first off being Orange Lawn Radio. They were my inspiration
to start podcasting. They were, I don't know if they were exactly the first podcast I downloaded,
but they were the first one I listened to religiously. Back in the to-go days, it's been
a great joy to be able to help them be a part of this community. I remember being so scared emailing
them the first time, and then now I get to talk to them every single week, pretty much. I got to go
to Disneyland with them and hang out with them. It's been an honor to work with them, and I look
forward to what we're going to be working towards here in the future. The community here at All
Games. We've had some good days, and we've had some bad days. People that are probably in the
community more often than just Sunday nights know what I'm talking about, but ultimately I will
remember a lot of the good stuff. The hardest part of this is that I will probably be leaving
the chat room where I've idled for almost a decade sometime this week, and it's going to be kind of
hard to say goodbye to that, but sometimes it's time to move on. Tiger Claw. You guys probably
don't realize this. If it was not for Tiger Claw, this stage that we have been on probably would
have collapsed a year ago. He is the man that has been keeping the light on for the rest of us,
because he's been kind of acting as station manager, and he has championed bringing in
other people, other podcasts to the community, and I'm sure that he's going to help keep the
light on for much, much longer. Thank you very much to Tiger Claw for everything.
Lastly, Scott Rubin. While Scott and I did not see eye-to-eye on everything,
and I might have actually felt that there were some unfair characterizations made of me back on
the All Games Interactive days, off the air he has been very supportive of me and wanted me to
succeed in everything that I wanted to accomplish. I am here to do this tonight because of him,
because of his advice, because of his support. Without Scott Rubin, there would be no Bobby
Blackwolf, literally as in he actually picked out that name. I didn't come up with that name,
Scott did. Just as Scott has moved on from All Games, he's doing high-profile live streams for
made-stream TV networks. It is time for me to move on from All Games, but I thank Scott for every
single opportunity that he has given me. All right, so we want to thank some people,
too, but our lists are probably very similar. First, Bobby Blackwolf, obviously, for all the
obvious things we've already stated. The other hosts at All Games Radio that work their asses
off to produce quality content for this network and promote the independent gaming community.
I personally have loved meeting all of you at the various events, the PAXes, the E3s, the Outpost,
so on. Unfortunately, not every show is really in the All Games network to promote the community,
but I'm not going to dwell on that. There's a lot that are very passionate about it.
You've been noticed, you've been appreciated, and I hope we can work with you in the future.
Although we don't want to name everyone specifically for fear of leaving someone out,
if there's one host we need to tip our hat to besides Bobby, it's our own personal pod
father and the man that taught us a lot about internet radio, Travis Donovan.
Specifically to the OL Army, if you're hearing this, you've stuck by us through every tough
decision we've made. You've supported us when we said we are no longer exclusively a Bimani show.
You supported our creative decision to end the live afterbirth segment of our show,
because it just wasn't striking our creative spark anymore. You supported us when we left
Live 365 to take our show to the next level, and we know you will support us as we leave
All Games Radio to take it to stage three. And I think this is a good time to reiterate,
we will be back next week, and you will be able to listen to us just as easy as you do now.
But out of respect towards the network, we're keeping that under our hat as to exactly how
that's going to happen for a few more days. Tigerclaw gets our thanks as well. All Games
would not be able to function right now without Tigerclaw. He's passionate about this network,
and every host on this network owes you a lot of thanks. Of course, Scott Rubin, although certainly
we've mentioned Bobby a bit in how we ended up at All Games, Scott was a crucial piece of this
as well. Although we give the mainstream gaming press a lot of shit on the show, Scott is someone
who lived it, left it, and built an online network that fit in his independent vision,
and we all have so much respect for that. So I know I've been monopolizing the conversation.
This is like the first time in probably five years I've read from a script, but I want to allow
Dark Soccer and Loki, because their OLR is just as much as me, to say anything they want to say
about this as well. I'd like to thank myself for being awesome. No, really, you said everything
that I could say, and Jesus has nothing to do with this. Thank you for letting us know. Loki,
anything? And I will still not be updating the radio app on PSP. OLR PSP.com will still stay
out of date. Some things shouldn't change. Some things have to stay the same. Bobby, it's all you.
Well, I think that this is the part where I'll be letting you guys go. I had to write my stuff
to a script too, so any last words here before I send everybody off? Don't cry. That goes for you,
and it goes for the listeners. It ain't over. We still have a show left. Stay tuned. We're still
having a show tonight. I know this is shocking, but this is how you have to start the future,
and good luck to everybody, and I really, really wish All Games the best of luck, and thank you so
much for having us for the past five years. Good luck. All right, Orange Lounge Radio is up next.
Thanks so much, guys. Thank you.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight, April 22nd, 2012, Halo 4 has a release date. Nintendo announces new games for the 3DS,
and the upcoming enhanced Baldur's Gate won't be coming out for one particular system.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Heard any good jokes lately? Hi, everybody, and welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
So full.
Full of poop.
No, I'm going back to my raw food, so I went out with a bang.
It's always some fad diet with you. It's not a fad.
Not fad diet, but it is always some diet.
I was really well, I was really happy as a vegan.
I think you're purdy just the way you are.
Well, I'm not doing this for purdy. I'm doing it for healthy.
All right, fine. Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Who's still on his pizza diet, clearly.
It's not a diet.
Well, because that implies that I'm eating pizza all the time.
Well, Loki, don't worry. I think you're purdy just the way you are.
Really not.
All right. So anyhow, we're here. We're live. Live, as you'll hear on the podcast,
as our live listeners heard for the last time at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern.
Join our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to chat live with us on this
lovely evening. What is the date today? I don't even know. April 22nd, 2012.
That's right. Cause my birthday was last week.
That's right. Happy darn birthday. Before we get into our gaming weeks, let's talk about,
we were gone last week. We didn't have a show. I know this was a whopper of a
night to come back to, but Hey, it's just how it went down. Um, Dark Sakura,
how was your birthday? What'd you end up doing?
Well, not really a whole bunch of stuff. I went to get delicious Indian food with you and Alan
and Pinkberry. And Dan took me to claim jumper where we split and I declare for dinner.
I felt so sick that night. He got me a really neat art book from 1944 that I've had my eye on.
It was neat. It's very cool.
Very old museum-y.
Well, on top of that, it was a lot of, because keep in mind this particular edition was fresh
right after World War II. And it had some of the really cool art movements that had occurred just
like 10 years before that. So for me as, as a designer, it was a real treat. And then, um,
you and Alan got me a sailor suit for my Duffy. So you can look at your Duffy bear and say,
Hey, Taylor. Yeah. Well, I love Duffy. You all know that. And you two are the only people who
got me presents. Oh, it's okay. I have everything else that I pretty much want. So it's all good.
Plus once you, once you get to a certain age, it's kind of hard to buy presents anymore.
No. When you get to a certain age, your presence costs 600 bucks.
You know what? I want money. I want money to pay the bills.
That would be a great, you know, it was like, it was like, when I was a kid, you'd get money,
go, what do I do with this? I have to have someone take me to places. And then that
means that my mom will know what I'm buying. Right. And then you get older. It's like money.
Give me more money. I can pay my bills. And video games cost $60, $60.
You know, that's how much I played for killer played, paid for killer instinct on this nest.
Yeah. I was gonna say, I guess, I guess to be fair, video games have always been kind of
expensive. I mean, street fighter two is a cartridge was what, 80 bucks?
We're not one of those are no mortal combat two or one of those, the ones,
you know what the most I've ever paid for a video game is? Um, actually I probably do.
Was it your Castlevania symphony of the night on, um, I've paid more. Okay. Well,
actually the Saturn one was like 20 bucks. Your game with the dish.
It would probably be a game. It was 280 bucks for king of fighters, 2000,
but Dan and I thought it was going to be the last one to come out. Little did we know the
summary showed on five would be the last one to come out, but Hey, we wanted to buy a brand
new Neo Geo game just to say we had, and we were in a different place then. But, um, but no, um,
I pretty much, you know, if there were like the only thing that I actually had on my want list,
you know, if you could call it that is an iPad and I'm waiting on that one. Cause I'm going
to Disneyland next month. Hello. So, you know, I can wait on that. I have my netbook. It works,
you know, it's, it's sort of like, like I'd said, you know, back during Hanukkah Christmas, Kwanzaa,
whatever holiday was politically correct statement here. I know. Um, I can't remember how
so is like, I've got tons of stuff. I don't really need anything and I've got tons of stuff to do.
You know, it's like, it's not like I can't just go and play mass effect that Rob loaned me.
I have no problem just going and playing mass effect that I bought myself. But anyway,
but you know, I've, I've got, I have great friends and I have a wonderful hubby who it sometimes can
be a jerk face, but for the most part is really cool. Uh, you're gonna make me sick. It's too much
emotion on this fucking network tonight. All right. But for the most part, like I said,
I've got everything I pretty much need, so I'm cool. I'm not, I'm not all gimme gimme anymore.
Let's go way to look at it. Although I do like the ABBA song.
Um, I was off last week cause I went to Disneyland for Jamie's birthday. Um, I went to the final
electronica. That was the whole reason because I am such a nerd. I had to go to the final
electronica. I've talked about it a million times on the show. I don't want to re explain it,
but you know, it was, it was really great to be there for the last show and everybody booing when
they pulled the plug. I'm a little disappointed that they just literally shut the lights off
on everybody. You know, grids down lol. Bye. Get out. Um, I got to see the Tron pinball machine,
but Flynn's arcade was so crowded because people knew it was the last night it would be operating.
You know, Dan's friend has one. Oh really? Has the deluxe edition too. I need his address.
Yeah. I'm going to go play. Uh, supposedly they're keeping the Tron pinball machine at Disneyland.
It'll be like the one Tron thing still left in the parks. Um, but it was, it was kind of a crowded
day. Um, so we didn't get to do a whole, whole lot, but electronica, but that's what we went for.
And I was happy. Um, I did the driving, so I didn't get to play a lot of games in the car.
Sadly, Loki, you, you guys have actually been out because you, you guys weren't on the last show
before the vacation, right? Cause that was the Jason and Alan show, right? Yeah. Cause it was
Easter. Yeah. How was your Easter? What have you been up to Loki personally? Not much. Just
hanging around the house and took Josh over to my mom's house and did the egg hunt and stuff.
He didn't really care about that stuff though. He's probably not old enough yet. He's just like,
Oh, Hey, there's some of my treats are in this egg. I'm done. I just want to eat this one. He's
the one they have the attention span of a, you know, Labrador puppy. Is he old enough to
appreciate the greatness of peeps? No, he can't have peeps cause they're choking hazard. Oh,
darn marshmallows. Oh man. I'd be a terrible parent. I don't even think about that stuff.
That's why I have my wife. She, she thinks of that stuff. Um, no, I I've been doing other,
other things like playing games, lots of games. Well, lots of a game. Well then let's talk about
our gaming weeks. Cause we usually like to start off the show talking about what type of video
games we have been playing this week. Um, so dark soccer, what video games have been in your world
this week? Well, um, not so much actually playing, but we've been doing play through watching lately.
Dan and I have. That's fair. So we watched the play through of summary showdown because
my friend Gary had never, he, he didn't even know about the game and we're like,
what planet are you on and how are we letting you in our house? We're fixing this right now.
Exactly. And like we were even explaining like, uh, you know, some of the bad translation in it,
some of the English, which was funny, like, uh, how about we were calling, um, a box, a,
a happy funster and, uh, you know, just showing how you like, you know, even talking about,
cause a lot of the characters in the game are based on historical and cultural fictional
characters. So we were like trying to explain, you know, it was pretty cool. And then, um,
today we're actually watching a play through of Kanoa. So that's why I said my next cat's name
is going to be Kanoa and I'm going to get a rat named Hupao just cause it's fun to say Hupao.
And, um, I actually, you know, it's, I've got a new job, so I've, and since I'm also in school
full time and still have all of the graphic design projects that I took on while I wasn't working,
I have been a busy bee. So I haven't really had that much time to sit and really play
through anything. I haven't even had time to play much. Wow. Which, Oh my gosh, I've done like two
dungeons all week. And then one of them was so failed that I quit halfway through. I hate that.
And then it like just, just derails your spirit for the game for a whole week. I know it was like,
Oh, screw these people. Why are horde players so stupid? One of my friends was telling me today
about how final fantasy 13, two did that to him. Like he was running around for literally like
three hours trying to figure out what to do and realized he was in the wrong time thing. They went
to the wrong part of the story. And he was supposed to be in a chocobo that jumps and,
you know, just, just dumb shit. Now you know how I feel in my Kingdom Hearts 2 game glitched
when I skipped a planet and couldn't go back. I actually skipped all of Agrabah.
Going to our chat room at chat.orangelaundry.com break man is in there saying sky doesn't have
children or pets for their safety. Actually, I am the wicked stepfather to two kitties.
My other half Alan, when we moved in together, he brought old kitties. They're, they're 12 years
old this month, I believe. So they're, they're getting old. They're Medicare kitties, but they're
still cute as hell. Yeah. And sometimes Sanrio will let me pet her. Yeah. Maruko is really an
attention whore. Like all I have to do, like I go into bed, lie down, get my DS open. Like I'm
going to play DSRB on my iPhone and like within minutes and he jumps up on the bed and he doesn't
just like get on my feet like some cats do or get on my chest or whatever. He gets up in my face.
Like I am here, bitch. Pet me right now. I told you what Shermie used to do when we had our bed
on the floor. She used to crawl in under the sheets in the middle of it. Cause Dan and I use,
we have separate blankets cause we're both sheet hogs. So we just use our own blankets and
Shermie would crawl under and then put her head on my shoulder and just start purring away and
sleep on my shoulder in the morning. That's cute. And usually just meant get up bitch and feed me.
All right. Anything else for your gaming week? Um, no. All right. My gaming week. Um, actually
not a whole lot because I've been focused on one game. What did you want to say,
Jamie? You thought of something, didn't you? Damn stupid panda shit. Not installing. Fuck you,
Blizzard. Fuck you. Oh yeah. You got in the wow beta and it won't work. Yeah. And I left my hard
drive at home and I was going to copy your files. I would say something about, well, this is why
they call it a beta, but I don't want to get actually, I have a four gig flash drive. You can
use that guy. You can borrow that guy over there. I have a one terabyte hard drive just sitting
there. I've got flash drive on me. All right. Anyhow. But my thought is because I've moved,
um, my wow folder in full before I figured what I might be able to do is copy your installs and
have them update on my computer. All right. Just don't copy the porn. All right. I downloaded
the porn. It was funny. You really want to tell them why not? Cause it's hilarious. And keep in
mind I didn't watch the whole thing just because it was so stupid, but it was a Mork and Mindy
parody. I was so morbidly curious that I watched it. The question of the hour is,
did it have the theme music? I just kept fast forwarding through the whole thing. The guy
say nanu nanu. Yes he did. The very last thing, you know, after he does his splooge business is
your nanu nanu and then it fades to the credits. I was like, my childhood has just been raped.
This porn wasn't from the seventies. It was from like last year. It was done this year. Oh my God.
And it's called Mork and Mindy, the dream zone parody. And it's like hideous and awful,
but the girl does look a lot like Pam Dauber and the guy that played Mork actually does a very
good cracked out Robin Williams impression. I realized there's change in all we've been
talking about tonight, but last I checked, we weren't going to become a porn show.
Oh, I just had to get that out. Cause it was, it was funny. All right. Let me talk about my
gaming week. It's really been one game. It's still Mass Effect 2, but I did go through all
the DLC this week. I said, because I realize I am right at the very end. And if I do the next
mission, I set off a sequence of events where I won't get the best ending unless I play it
to completion. People who have played the game will know what I'm talking about. And Alan Kluby,
Alan's like a step ahead of me. And he said, whoa, whoa, whoa, don't do that mission until you are
absolutely ready to finish the game. So I said, all right. So I did every side quest. I did
Overlord. I did Arrival. I did Shadow Broker. I played all of it. Did your rival enjoy it?
I'm kind of mad at myself for giving EA that much money, but damn, it was good. Especially of no,
I think my favorite out of all the DLC was Arrival. And the reason why I think I preferred
that one, I mean, Shadow Broker had a lot of cool stuff to it and there was a lot of great scenes.
I realized that's kind of commonly people's favorites. The reason why I really loved Arrival
was Arrival really felt like an episode of a fricking science fiction show, like Battlestar
Galactica or something. Like I am playing an episode of a show, watching it play out.
It has its very cliche twists partway through a good beginning, middle end. I mean, it plays out
like an episode of a TV show. And I kind of wish as much as I'm kind of on DLC, like this is
something I really like seeing in games is this like really true episodic content. So, um, you
know, I can support DLC when it's, it's pretty awesome. Like that, that was my favorite by far
was Arrival. Um, and Shadow Broker kind of felt the same way too. I realized it kind of plays in
a lot more to the greater story. Um, and I think Arrival in some regards is supposed to tie it.
It's kind of to bridge two and three together, which I get, but it still felt a lot like a
standalone to me. I will have beaten that game by this time tomorrow. I'm, uh, pretty close. And
then thanks to the, uh, sale on Mass Effect 3 this week, I have my copy of Mass Effect 3 sitting in
the shrink wrap ready to go. So I can be really disappointed at the ending, just like everybody
else, but the experience and the, what, probably 25 hours in Mass Effect 1 and at 35 so far in
Mass Effect 2 plus whatever I spend there will at least be worth it. Loki, how about your gaming
week? Um, well, I, I started playing some more stuff on my PS3. Um, basically, uh, infamous.
I finally played a little bit of that and it's, it's okay. It looks old and seeing not even that
old, but it just, I don't know. It's, it's all right. I may, I may finish it. Unfortunately,
all my time is being taken up by Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3. He has finally jumped on that
bandwagon. Um, after playing, you know, Modern Warfare 1 for a long time, uh, well, it seems
like a long time, but a few months, uh, we decided to go ahead and make the shift to Modern Warfare
3 and it's pretty awesome. I, I enjoy it and playing pretty much just all multiplayer because,
uh, the campaign, I can never really sit down and play that for long enough, but, um, I'm enjoying
it. I like the fact that first off the game still supports System Link, which is great because
our internet kind of sucks at my work. Ironically enough, it fixed itself when we had a power outage.
All it took was shutting something off and turning it back on. You know, the old, uh,
IT standby and yet someone calling Comcast tech support. Well, did you try power cycling? I love
how it's called power cycling. Did you power cycle? Like it's like fucking something out of
Tron. Did you power cycle the cable modem? Oh, just hit that big switch that says power. Yeah.
So now count to 10 slowly with me. One, two, three. Okay. Now turn it back. So instead of like,
um, we have, instead of us having no connection to Xbox live, we still have a shitty connection
to Xbox live, which I guess the shade connection is better than no connection, but we're playing
System Links. It doesn't matter. Um, but I, I like the fact that not only do they have System Link,
but they have the same type of leveling that you would do online, but offline. So you can
actually level up your custom classes and stuff like that offline. So if you're like us that only
play offline, it's kind of cool because you have your own stuff that you can level up. Now,
granted that stuff doesn't transfer online, but you can still level up offline and you know,
it's kind of fun. It gives us more of a reason to play the game. Um, so I like the fact that
they added that cause they really didn't have to do that. Um, which is nice. I wish Grand Theft Auto
5 did that because I just wish that that has System Link cause that'll be worth it. But actually
I picked up the game on, um, on PS3 and on 360. So I have it on both platforms. I actually play
with some of my coworkers on PS3. I'm actually, well I play online, um, on PS3. I haven't played
online with my 360 yet, but, um, I may, you know. I guess that means I have to create an elite
clan. So we'll do the OLR army. All right. Get the OLR army. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Well,
I guess that wraps it up for our gaming weeks. So we will get into some news here shortly. Um,
first off, we usually do housekeeping. Um, I think we said the pretty big part that we were, um,
waiting to say. Uh, so we'll, uh, we'll talk about that later in the show if you want. We're
going to do Ask Orange Lounge tonight in part B, um, cause we haven't done that in a long time.
We didn't do a FUGL question this week. So, uh, Ask Orange Lounge will come up in part B. So we'll
let you know when to submit questions, um, on anything, any topic that we figured it would be a
good, a good segment, um, for our last show here at All Games. Um, also, uh, I do want to say,
of course, as always, since we are on Facebook, we are on Google Plus at us facebook.com slash
orange lounge, uh, and also Google Plus, just look for orange lounge radio, twitter.com slash OLR.
All right. Let's get into some gaming news. Loki, you want to start us off with the news
this week? All right. So it's Nintendo, Nintendo, Nintendo, lots of announcements for Nintendo. Um,
first, let's start off with some stuff that they're talking about E3. Um, of course, E3 is
just right around the corner, only a couple months away. And, um, you know, Nintendo's promised a few
things that they're going to show. First off, they're showing a Wii U Mario game. Not a big
surprise because they kind of showed off a Wii U Mario game last year with the E3. They had like
a tech demo and that's actually what's going to be based on. It's based on that kind of new Super
Mario Brothers with Miis. Um, and that's cool and all, but I mean, I don't know. Is that really a
step up? Do I really need a Wii U for that? I mean, cause you're just giving me the game that
you had last year or was it last year? I don't know. Recently on the Wii, but now you're adding,
you know, Mii support. I mean, something that on a modern console, you know, ones that have updates
to their games, um, you could just patch in, you know, and instead of releasing a whole new game
for it, but I thought for some reason you could already do the Miis and the Wii game that was out.
I don't know why I thought that, but, but I mean, okay, at least it'll be HD and native
widescreen support or whatever. Um, there's gotta be another catch. There's gotta be something
they're not saying there. I cannot believe, especially if this ends up being a launch
title, which we don't really know. I'm assuming it's a launch window title. It's a lot of 3DS.
I think it could be a launch title, especially if it's based off new Super Mario Brothers Wii.
That's true. They've got to be rushing something. I think they're going to learn from the mistake
of the 3DS and they're going to have a AAA something out. So it's probably, you're probably
right. It's probably Mario, but I'm, I'm curious what the little gimmick is going to be, you know,
cause how could Nintendo put out a launch title for the Wii U and not somehow integrate the whole
screen in your lap concept? Like, I think it'll be something derpy. Like when you go in a pipe,
you're on your screen and your other partners are still out there in the world. And then,
you know, watch, it'll be something silly. Who, who like that?
I mean, I have an idea what this is already, but we're not covering that until later. So
I just think, I think it's a port of a game that's coming to another platform that they're
going to do some things that it, that other game may integrate with the Wii U since it has two
screens. All right. I can see where you're going with this. Anybody who's been paying attention
to the news this week knows, otherwise we'll get to it in a minute. Yeah. So, um, I don't know.
Um, besides, uh, Wii U, Mario, they're promising that they're going to reveal Pikmin. Um,
and I'm assuming it's for the Wii U. It might not be, it could be for the 3DS, but that there's
going to be a new Pikmin game. However, I think, remember, um, there's, you know, Miyamoto talking
about Pikmin game a while ago, but just nothing ever came out from it. So, I don't know. Cool
that there's going to be a new Pikmin game. Um, I don't really know what, I don't know. I guess
we'll find out what it's about, but I'm not excited about Pikmin. I, I, I couldn't really.
Some of those series I just kind of missed because I was never really, you know, I didn't get into
the, it wasn't the first one on the 64. Was it a GameCube? I think they're both GameCube. I just
missed the boat on Pikmin. I understand people really love it, but, um, it's one of the series
I never got to play. I was too busy with F-Zero. Let's put it that way. That'd be cool if they
announced an F-Zero game for the Wii U. Don't tease me. Well, moving on, if you're not a Nintendo
fan, maybe you're more of a Microsoft person and you will be excited by the news of Halo 4.
Or maybe not. Some people aren't happy with the whole, like, Halo is still continuing without
Bungie. It's, you know, but, you know, these things are gonna happen. Uh, Microsoft did announce
that Halo 4 is going to launch worldwide Tuesday, November 6th. Um, funny that they did the whole,
uh, integration with Conan O'Brien. Like, they, there was a long segment on the Conan show on TBS,
like, nine minutes, kind of, about Halo and some funny voice, like, they were, you know,
the background guys doing moving or something. That was a little silly. I think it's in the
game. I do too. I mean, it was very red versus blue to me, but it was cool because it was Conan
and Andy Richter who are both awesome. Um, so of course there's the whole little corporate speak of,
with Halo 4 leading the charge, we're confident 2012 will be the most successful year in Xbox
history. Uh, we are beginning a new saga with Halo 4 and embarking on a journey that will encompass
the next decade of Halo games and experiences. Confirmed, Halo 4, 5, and 6. Right there.
Confirmed. And 7, and 8, and 9. Of course, to be fair, they already said in a while,
this Halo 4 will be the first game in a new trilogy. So it really, as much as I'm,
you know, being sarcastic, it really isn't in the news. Honestly, I don't see a problem with
the new Halo game coming out without Bungie. Yeah, I understand that Bungie was, you know,
kind of the driving force behind the last set of games, because obviously they're the
kind of creators of it. But, I mean, look at Call of Duty. I mean, perfect example. I mean, I know
Infinity Ward kind of was behind some of the really big Call of Duty games, and yeah, I could
see that even though Infinity Ward, you know, I mean, in name there's still Infinity Ward,
but, you know, most of the talent's kind of gone. Um, or the original talent, I guess,
they're still talented people there. But, um, it hasn't hurt sales at all. So I don't think that
the fact that Halo 4 is going to come from a different studio, that there's going to be any
less quality in the game. I think, if anything, it could be just like kind of fresh eyes on it,
I guess. It looks cool, just like the brief little snippets of things that they have on there.
I'd be curious to at least check it out. I've kind of stopped with the Halo series since Halo 3. I
haven't cared about all the other little Halo games that have come out, but I'm, you know,
I'm pretty shitty at first-person shooters, but I'm good enough at Mass Effect where suddenly
my ego's like, maybe I can play first-person shooters again, even though Halo doesn't have
a throw. Um, uh, some of our chatters, actdeftachat.org, says, I'm an Xbox person,
I'm not excited about Halo at all. Gamergirl says, Halo is overplayed, just saying. Porkchop says,
Halo needs a kick to the crotch. One way to kill Master Chef, and Chef is not a typo.
I was like, surely he meant to say Chief. Uh, Technus says, I like Halo. It's not the shit
everybody wants to believe it is. Oh, it's not, it's not the shit. I think that means like, yeah,
you're the shit. It's not the shit everybody wants to believe it is, but I won't knock it. I think
that's kind of how I feel about Halo. Like, I'm not going to like, oh my God, melt fanboy Halo,
but it's a decent series. There's a reason why it propelled the Xbox the way it did. It was a
great first person shooter, especially on the original Xbox. And it still is. I mean, and what,
I mean, I don't think that they're doing another Gears of War game. Well, I'm sure
they'll find a way. They'll find a way, but supposedly Gears of War is really, really dead
and ain't coming back. Now, here's one other thing I want to say about this before we go on
to the next story. November 6th is the day that the game is coming out. The first Tuesday of
November. Is there anything else really big every four years, especially that people might kind of
be caring about this year? A lot of passion around it has nothing to do with video games.
I don't think Call of Duty comes out that day. No, no. It's called election day here in the US.
That's right. It's election day. We have this guy, the president. You ever heard the name
Barack Obama? Yeah, Barack Obama. I don't listen to that hip hop music. OK,
well, it's it's it's the leader of our country. And, you know, that's a pretty amazing title
for a hip hop artist. He has to run for office again because there's somebody else named Mitt
Romney that thinks he shouldn't be president. That's a terrible hip hop name. All right,
movie. Look, it's not a politics show and it's not a porn show. Just an interesting observation.
But I guess Microsoft got called on it and it was very light. You know,
the statement they kind of released was like, well,
we think a lot of people will be excited about both, you know, whatever.
Right. Yes. Let us hold our release of our game so you can have your little election
or we can just move on like the rest of the world is. Let's be real. In this day and age,
you can vote absentee and Amazon delivers to your door. There you go. You don't have to
leave the house to participate in democracy or fragging online. I mean, absentee voting
takes like a few minutes. I'd like to vote in person. I personally don't vote. How about
putting those voting booths inside GameStop or no. Or or another retailer. All right,
mall. That would actually be a really good idea. You think get more young voters go to
Claire's then go vote? Why not? They should have they should have them at the mall.
Jamba man, free smoothie with your vote. I could get a Cinnabon while I vote.
See, that's a lot better than going to the Lutheran Church around the corner from my
house. That is true. I do feel like I have to go to the grade school to vote here and I don't have
kids. So I feel really awkward going to make you sit down at the really small desk. You have to go
in the library and I'm like, I'm a big person in the library. I'm hitting my head on the ceiling.
Yeah, I don't know. It feels awkward. Like like guys like me aren't supposed to be hanging around
elementary schools unless I have kids and I don't. So what's my excuse? And again, I have to go to
the Lutheran Church to drop mine off. So I think I'm going to burst into flames or something.
You get to vote, then you get some Kool-Aid. All right. Moving on. Moving on. Dark Sakura,
take us to a new story. Well, for those of us who are blessed with iPhones, we have a great game
coming up for iOS, although I have no idea how the fuck we're going to play it. I'm sorry. Can
I read some great chat comments real quick? Um, Infinel, I love this comment in chat room.
If corporations are people, can I vote Valve for president? Game Guru says, can I vote for
Master Chief as my president? Good, good way to tie the stories together. Appreciate that. Well,
you know who I usually write in? Bill the Cat. I've been doing this show with you for 10 years.
I know Bill the Cat very well. Why don't they just call, you know, Obama Master Chief,
you know what I mean? Cause it's, I would call him my Master Chief. He is, he is Master in Chief.
What do they call it? Chief. Here's how you win this. You put Obama in your fucking campaign.
Obama comes in, you know, dressed up like Master Chief, kicks down a door,
pulls off his helmet and said, go vote. And that'll get people in there. That's kind of how
the Bin Laden speech went down. But anyway, I don't remember him being in the Master Chief.
Oh wait, that was, that was when they made fun of him on late night. All right. No politics.
Moving on. So anyway, this awesome game I'm referring to is Marvel versus Capcom 2,
and it's going to be on iOS on April 25th. I've only got the British price, which is a £2.99,
but I'm assuming it's going to be a $5 game on, over in the US. I said, there's nothing yet
announced as an upgraded version for iPad and it doesn't show the virtual D-pad on the screen.
So, who knows exactly how it's going to control, but hey. The virtual D-pad is paid to unlock
content. On top of that, it has all 56 fighters from the, uh, original. That was nice of Capcom
to do for a change. You fucking know they thought about it. You know, there was that guy in the
boardroom. We could have, you know, eight characters that come with it. And then for 99
cents, do eight more and eight more. You know what? Meh. But for, for real Marvel versus Capcom
2 on the iPhone, if I had an iCade for the iPad, if I had, which I don't think is on tonight's
show, so I'll say it, that Midway game on the iOS devices, that Midway arcade treasures got support
for the iCade this week. Yes, very yes. Good idea. That helped that game immensely. So iCade support
for Marvel versus Capcom 2 would make it, you know, for those that don't own anything else,
I guess, so make it desirable. You know what I want iCade to make? I want them to make those
little miniature arcade cabinets like they had in the 80s. Yeah, so yeah, with the LEDs and everything.
Yeah, oh yeah. I want them to make like little cabinets like that. I should make one. I had a
friend of mine that had a Donkey Kong little LED game like that. I had a friend that had the pipe man.
You know, I actually have a Frogger cabinet like that, like one of the really small LED ones,
that I actually was going to convert into a MAME cabinet. I remember when you bought that. That was
your whole hundred dollar project, wasn't it? No, I didn't buy that. I actually got that free from a
co-worker. No, but I have the internals for it. I have a Pico ITX board and a tiny little LCD screen.
That would be awesome-tastic. The only problem is there's no room to put the controls on there
because you realize you're all, yeah, I can't really fit buttons on this thing. See, that's what
I was thinking, you know, Dan should do with his Transformer tablet because it's an Android
and you can get a MAME for Android is to set that up. But yeah, that's another story. Just don't buy
an iPad, I mean, for arcade games. Buy an arcade cabinet for arcade games. I mean, seriously,
you're going to be spending about the same amount of money. You might as well have the authentic.
That's true. That burger time I was looking at was $500. That's how much an iPad would cost.
Well, I wanted an iPad for stuff other than games and besides that it's not coming out,
this isn't coming out on iPad. Not like I don't already have like three other copies of it anyway,
but still. Gonna take you for a ride. All right, let's move on with some more news.
All right, so let's talk a little bit more Nintendo. And so there was this whole Nintendo
Direct little press conference thing that they did in Japan and they made some announcements.
First off, Animal Crossing is coming out this year on the 3DS. Well, it makes sense, you know,
they got to have a game coming out for the fall. And no one is surprised. Um, so it is coming out
in Japan. No word on the US, but probably coming out around the same time. I know you're very
cynical about Animal Crossing and you could give two shits about the improved park bench sitting
or whatever features they're actually adding into this one. However, I have a friend, a real person
that I know that said, holy shit, Animal Crossing is coming out. Time to get a 3DS. Shit you not.
Animal Crossing has its fans. They are loyal. I understand, you know, it's just like, you know,
Apple, I product fans were like, holy shit, Apple has a new thing coming out. I got to go get it.
I mean, it's just, it's just like this. I was just glad that she spoke to me in that
language for a change and didn't say, well, I hope that when she plays it, she discovers a
really makes a lot more sense in the Japanese version, a wholly unique experience and not,
you know, the same damn game again. Do you know, I found my cop, my Japanese Animal Crossing.
Okay. Since you brought up porn a long time ago, here's why this is funny because okay.
And the Japanese version of Animal Crossing, it's actually saying the little, little symbols
really fast. And because the way Japanese works, it's like the little animals are saying the word
it's a syllabic language, but because English is such a stupid language, all they can do is
say the letters really fast, you know? So they, they do say, they say like ABC, you have to,
you know, they're saying it really fast, but it's really funny because like, if you put in words,
like, fuck, you know, it's a little animal say it's really fun to put in dirty words and hear
how the little animals interpret them. Anyhow, sorry for dumbing down the show.
Okay. Um, they also announced that they're going to be doing a Kirby 20th anniversary edition on
the Wii. So if you're even mildly interested in it, I would recommend picking it up. Cause if
anything, you remember those Mario, at least this time, you're recommending this. You can't be right.
Look, Hey, no recommending this because of the resale value of the last Mario game. And
last Mario game was a stupid rom convert. It literally was a rom from the SMU. They're like,
Hey, we're going to just snap, you know, put this virtual console rom on that disc done.
No disrespect to the Kirby fans. It's a great franchise. However, you know, they did this with
Mario. They did it with Zelda back on the GameCube. It was a pre-order bonus only thing. So
it was basically virtual console on a disc. And now if they get some ones that we haven't seen
elsewhere out on there, it'll be kind of awesome. Yeah. It would be neat if they were, I don't know,
redone, but I think it's just a bunch of virtual console games. At least this time, it's not going
to be just one rom. Um, so that'd be kind of neat. Nowhere to when that's coming out,
but sometime he's here and Super Mario brothers, um, or new Super Mario brothers two is now coming,
uh, this August, both Japan and the U S and looks exactly like new Super Mario brothers one,
but with now Raccoon Mario. Hooray. Raccoon's awesome. Raccoon or Tanuki? Raccoon. Cool.
Maybe Tanuki. I thought the Tanuki suit was the most awesome. Actually, my favorite was the hammer
brother suit. I'm just glad though that they have stuck with the same backgrounds from the first
games so that, you know, Josh's room is still current because it's actually that, that looks
like Josh's room except different patterns of the mountains. Is it sad that it seriously took
me a minute because my first reaction when they announced the sequel was I was like,
Holy shit already. We just had Mario three D land last year. And then I was like, Oh wait,
it's not a sequel to the three D game. This is a sequel on the D three DS to the Wii game.
Like my brain actually had to go through those actually to the DS game that was on the DS. What
the hell was the Wii game then? The Wii game was kind of the same damn thing. Just new Super Mario
brothers. We noticed the Wii at the end. That was actually the first game that they didn't think
about getting a three DS confirmed. I don't understand Nintendo. Well, all you have to
understand is they took the game and they made some new levels and made some blinged out characters
because there's a level with all gold characters for some reason. Oh, and spider webs. That must
be new, right? I don't know. It's okay. By the way, I want to point out. Alan has paraded out
here just to hand me to do nothing, but he's, he hasn't even been sitting here. He's been sitting
in the back room playing mass effect. He walked out here specifically just to hand me the DS
cartridge of new Super Mario brothers as if to say here, dumb ass. Thank you, honey. Thank you.
Thank you. I learned so much being with you. I'm putting this up on our, on our page. So yeah,
new Super Mario brothers. It's kind of weird though that is coming out in August. I mean,
so that means that Nintendo does have something else that they're going to be releasing
for the fourth quarter. Oh, I know it's a new console. That's it. That's what they're releasing
that and probably animal crossing because animal crossing is somewhat cracky.
But yeah, anyways, as I was alluding to earlier, I believe that the Wii
Mario game that we've been putting out is going to be new Super Mario brothers
two for the Wii U and that you're going to be able to integrate or not integrate, but play the game
on your 3DS and on your console because the 3DS they will probably announce will actually be a
link up with your Wii U to do this type of cross game play stuff that they did on the Wii and the
Nintendo DS, but to a lesser extent because the Wii U, the controller looks like the bottom half
of a 3DS. Yep. Except the new 3DS that they probably will announce that we'll have two
analog six and not just one. Let's hope and no attachment later on, please. That would kind of
piss me off, especially if it's exclusive to GameStop. Quickie poll. What? Kuriboh Shoe or
Hammer Brothers Shoe. Um, Kuriboh Shoe all the way. That was like the raddest power up ever.
The Hammer Brothers Shoe sucks. It's Frog Mario. Actually, Frog Mario sucks too. Frog Mario is
balls unless you're in an underwater level. I will say that it is a challenge. I am very,
if somebody can beat the game with Frog Mario through the level eight worlds, color me impressed.
Frog Mario actually is very good in one of the level eight ones, the battleships.
One of them is like an underwater battleship or something, isn't it? You can, well, it's all
water, but you can, it's actually good for doing the high jumps over the, I'm just saying. We're
talking strategy for a 23 year old game. Just saying. All right. Kuriboh Shoe by the way,
all the way. Thank you. Nothing about light tromping some flowers. Why hasn't that made
it into Mario Kart as a power up? Just a big shoe that stomps. Exactly. Just like your cart turns
into the shoe. That's an awesome power up. Your cart turns into the shoe and it just flies ahead
and stomps on whoever's in front of you and you just take off from there. Oh my God. Nintendo
patent pending. Can't do it. Nintendo hire us. Hire us. Hire us. Hire us. Hire us.
It would be a cool idea. Confirm next week. Oh, LR on the Nintendo network. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Kidding. Put the hate mail down. Yeah. And then last thing, the 3DS is finally getting with
iOS and everybody else, you know, Hey, they figured up, you know, you might like to sort
your icons that you have. Um, so they're going to have a new addition to the home menu where
you can create folders and store up to 60 icons within each folder. So that is awesome. You can
actually kind of sort your games and whatnot. Neat. I like that idea. It's needed. That'll
become an April 25th. The things I don't play folder. Let's have that for all the little NES
games and the Game Boy Advance games I downloaded cause they were free and I don't play them.
There are some I do play, but some I don't. So anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
You know, there's a lot of great Nintendo happy-go-lucky news this week, but somebody
is not so happy-go-lucky about what's going on in Nintendo. And that would be Trent Oster. Who is
he? He's with Beamdog. And he went to Twitter this week to say Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition,
not coming to the Wii U. Ironically, I'd never would have thought that game was coming to the
Wii U. I, yeah, I'm like, I never would have put it, but you know, for whatever reason,
he was asked and he said, we don't do Nintendo development. Previous experience with Nintendo
was enough to ensure there will not be another Nintendo project. Oh no, he did. He just basically
said, worked with Nintendo before, not going to happen again. Apparently it has to do with MDK 2.
You remember MDK from back in the day, there was MDK 2. It was supposed to be WiiWare. There was a
6,000 unit sales requirement before the developer gets payment. I could see where that's kind of
crappy. Also had to do with trying to get a 400 meg game down to 40 megs with WiiWare. You know,
I can see where, you know, if you don't like the rules, then I'm going to take my ball and go
somewhere else and that's fine. They honestly need to like, you know, rethink their whole strategy
with their online games because they are a little bit restrictive and, you know, the exposure on
WiiWare isn't very good. Well, this whole Nintendo Direct before E3 is very interesting to me
because, you know, E3 is only, what, about six weeks away at this point? And for Nintendo to have
this kind of a major press conference before E3 is very interesting because these are games they
very easily could have kept in their hat until E3, with the exception of the firmware update. You
know, that's really the only thing that's happening now. I honestly, I mean, it's just like if they
came out and go, new Super Mario Brothers 2! I would have been like, told ya! I mean, it's
seriously, did they call it like last year? Oh hey, they're going to have a new Super Mario
Brothers game. Here's the thing though, here's what it is, because E3 is going to focus solely
on the Wii U. You know, again, no shock. That's Nintendo's big thing and that's the system
they're launching, so that's why they got all this 3DS stuff out of the way, so that they can
literally spend five minutes talking about 3DS and then the rest of the time talking about Wii U.
I think the launch with the Zelda game. I think that's going to be their launch game.
Really? I think this Mario game's it, buddy. I think that's your game.
If it is-
Zelda in 2013. Maybe.
Uh, the only reason I think Zelda, because Zelda would show off a new engine a lot better than
Mario would. Mario, you kind of are keeping it cartoony, and who gives a shit if it's an HD,
it's going to still look like a fucking Mario game. Whereas a Zelda game in HD looks a lot better.
Yeah. Well, um, also one thing I wanted to say is that one thing that Nintendo didn't detail here,
that they're going to have to detail at E3, is the Nintendo network. We still don't really know,
I mean, we've heard some little things about it, we don't really know what that entails.
And I think E3 is going to be a big reveal for that.
And they don't know either.
I wouldn't put it past them.
So hey guys, we have this poll on our website, we want you to vote on what exactly you want the
Nintendo network to be.
Brakeman in chat makes a pretty good point. Spoiler alert, Gears of War 4 also not going to be on the
Wii U. Sorry everyone.
That's true, and you probably won't see, you know, God of War coming to the Wii U anytime soon
either, you know, it's just the way these things work.
Halo 4, not on the Wii U.
Halo 4, not on the Wii U. That's right, not on the Wii U.
Not on the Wii U. Until there's, until there's,
someday one of them is going to gobble the other up. Just wait.
It's just like Sega. Who would have thought Sega would be publishing on an Nintendo platform?
That's right.
Minds were blown when Sonic showed up on the NES system. It was crazy.
I cried.
Aww.
Not really.
All right, moving on.
Dark Sakura. Well, Final Fantasy 14, they're desperate.
They really, really, really, really want everyone to come back.
They're just crying over it.
So basically, anyone who has an inactive Final Fantasy 14 account can come back for a 10-day
free trial next month, according to Squeenix.
They said it's going to be free of charge between the 10th and 21st of May with a new job system,
7th Umbral Era content, and new gameplay that has a new update.
And then for the people that are still playing, they're getting some goodies.
Anyone who's been subscribed for 90 days between January 6th and the 2.0 beta testing
gets their subscription released to, well this is in pounds because I'm reading off a British
article, to £6.89 down from £8.99. And they are legacy subscribers and they get a new Chocobo.
Ooh.
But they also, they were still cutting down on their servers, so they're desperate. Desperate!
The problem is though, who cares that they're offering a free, you know, come back and try us
for 10 days? Because it's not the 2.0 update yet! That doesn't happen until the fall! So why do I
want to play your half-finished game?
Well, to be fair, I mean I give Final Fantasy 14 its fair share of shit. I did play it,
I did play it for a while so I can speak as a former player, as someone who would be directly
impacted by this. They have put some things into the game already that were needed and that was
Final Fantasy classes that people understand, to put it lightly. Like now instead of Thaumaturge
and Conjurer, you can path to Black Mage and White Mage and you know, some of those changes
are actually pretty exciting. Not enough to get me back. Well, I should say, you know, if it's
going to be free for 10 days, if I'm not, what weekend is this happening again? I kind of shut
my brain off for a minute.
Crap. Let me look back at it. It says it is the 10th and 21st of May.
See, here's the problem. What's happening on the 15th of May?
Disneyland?
For you. What's happening on the 15th of May for everybody else?
Max Payne 3?
Diablo 3, people.
True.
Diablo 3 is on May 15th.
Why is this-
Do you think I give a shit about Final Fantasy 14 while I'm in the middle of Diablo 3?
Why does this make me think of like Cabela's and the Halo 3 launch?
So let's be real, there's really a four-day window to play Final Fantasy 14.
Just keeping it real, folks.
And so maybe if it's not-
Because, you know, if the patch is seven gigs, I have to think about,
oh, I have a 250 gig through Comcast and I got to download Diablo.
I hate that I have to fucking think about that, but I do.
So, you know, if it's reasonable, I'll check it out. Why not?
If it's free.
But I kind of don't think it's going to sway my opinion.
Porkchop in our chat room asks, does Final Fantasy 14 have much of a soundtrack?
Um, yeah, it's decent.
I believe Nobui Matsu did a large chunk of the tracks,
which is strange because he didn't really do Eleven's soundtrack at all, except the theme.
Just bring Eleven free-to-play.
That's all you need to do.
Right?
All you need is Eleven in the free-to-play, I'd be there.
I would be there today.
You know why Eleven can't go free-to-play?
It's the Japanese user base on PlayStation 2.
How can you have a free-to-play game on the PlayStation 2 at this point?
You can't.
Cut him out!
Okay, yeah.
No, seriously, how long is the PlayStation? Okay, fine.
The PlayStation 2 still has some game coming out.
To be fair, there's like five people on Xbox 360 too.
Let's not forget that.
That was a pretty big deal.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Let's, let's keep them up for the five people that play on Xbox 360.
Oh, but all those people play EA Sports MMA.
Fuck them.
Or Need for Speed.
Ah, fuck them too.
You know what?
All those five people there playing Final Fantasy.
Who gives a shit?
You know what?
Tell them, listen, go download the PC client for free,
because it's free to fucking play.
You know what?
Some people, though, do like that.
I mean, like, we have IKUMA right now saying that it's good now.
I mean, okay, if you have a PlayStation 2 and you're still playing on that game,
get a new PC.
I mean, come on.
A PC from, like, a few years.
Shit, you could probably get a PC from, like, what is it?
How long has it been since I've been playing Final Fantasy 11?
Like, 10 years?
It's been a while.
Okay, come on.
If you can't afford a PC from, like, 10 years ago,
what the-
It hasn't been 10 years, because, uh, this show is 10 years old,
and the Final Fantasy 11 thing started.
Okay, fine.
Like, a couple years ago.
Five to seven years ago, okay?
Five to seven years ago.
I literally am throwing away computers from that time.
I will give you a computer for free.
The computer that the show is broadcast from could play Final Fantasy 11.
Oh, I mean, the fuck?
There's probably this Vita could play Final Fantasy 11.
That was a rumor.
Remember?
That was a rumor.
They really knew to do that.
That was a rumor.
I would buy that.
I would buy that shit.
Well, maybe not on the Vita, because that'd be-
No, I'd still buy that.
But I'm telling you, Final Fantasy 11 would be awesome.
Who cares about 14?
Just listen.
Okay, it didn't work out.
We're gonna make it free to pl-
You know, to make it up, we're gonna-
We're gonna maybe revamp a little bit of Final Fantasy 11,
and make free to play.
There is too much pride for Square Enix,
the makers of Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy,
to say, we're gonna open this up free to play,
and have to take that big old slice of humble pie.
It ain't happening anytime soon.
I don't think-
I'll wait.
I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing for your MMO to take that path.
Why can't Final Fantasy go down the path of Guild Wars?
Anyway, forget it.
Because they're squeamics.
Let's move on.
They don't do that.
Let's talk about games that are really existing in a store near you very soon,
as we travel around the world and look at some release dates.
Yay!
All right.
So, this week, it's Prototype 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
and on 360, Phantom Breaker Special Edition.
That's it.
Oh, and-
No, that's it.
Shifting-
Shifting World on 3DS.
I didn't even have to look that shit up,
because there are three titles!
Three!
It's getting a little slower.
It'll pick back up during summer.
Yeah, I gave it a couple weeks.
How about Japan?
Let's check out Japan and see what's coming out of there.
On the 3DS this week, Shin Sangoku Musou Versus comes out.
That is pretty much the only big release, but that's coming out on the 26th.
I'm trying to figure out what this is.
This is a Koei game.
And I was trying to see if it was like Dynasty Warriors on the 3DS or something.
Yeah.
3DS.
Kind of what it looks like.
Yeah.
So, that is coming out on the 3DS.
Going to some of the other systems, checking out the Vita.
Vita has Seal No Surge, Ushinawatia Warita, sorry, Hoshi i Sasaguchi comes out this week
in Normal and Agent packs, as well as Next Revolution comes out for Media 5 this week.
Those are both on the Vita.
And checking out the consoles real quick.
Going to the PlayStation 3.
Biohazard Operation Raccoon City.
You get a special headset bundle for Operation Raccoon City, the game itself.
It's coming out.
And Loki's saying, don't fall for it, it sucks.
Also, what's very interesting, Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion Game of the Year Edition,
finally coming out on PlayStation 3.
Fallout 3 Game of the Year Edition, finally coming out on PlayStation 3.
Is that a new Idolmaster?
I think those are price reductions.
And yes, the Idolmaster Graver for You Volume 7.
I think this is more an expansion for Idolmaster.
I don't think it's an actual full on game.
I'm guessing that those are getting a price reduction because there was just recently
a combo pack with Fallout 3 and Oblivion for like $29.99 or something.
That could be here in the States.
Yeah.
That could be.
Well that wasn't $360, but I can see them dropping prices.
Oddly enough, $360 is pretty busy this week in Japan.
Operation Raccoon City Biohazard is out there as well.
Sucks.
Cybertroopers Virtual On Force gets the platinum reduction.
Yeah, I know, right?
Who knew Virtual On was still going?
I think that's the arcade game, plus they're throwing in the tournament stick or that arcade
stick that goes with it.
Need.
Dodonpachi Resurrection Black Label and It's a Cave Game is out this week.
That's probably a price reduction.
There's going to be a double pack.
Yeah, because it's called Cave Selection.
Fallout 3 Game of the Year Edition also on the Xbox 360.
It's Dodonpachi.
The Dodonpachi Resurrection came out like, what, six months ago?
Yeah.
You saw the Akai Katana is coming out next month.
No, I missed that.
The new SHMUP or, yeah, it's a new SHMUP.
It's actually one that's actually formatted for widescreen.
The first cave game for widescreen HD TVs, all done in HD.
Well done.
About time.
And it's coming out in the States.
You know what?
There's actually a game that's in talks with Square.
I don't know if we have anything in the show, but actually one thing I am interested that's
coming out, hopefully, that Square is doing is a sequel to The World Ends With You.
Yes.
They're talking about that.
They're supposed to be doing that.
Yeah.
Good times.
Comes out December.
Oh, really?
No, I'm just saying, wouldn't that be funny because of the Mayan calendar?
I thought that was one of your little like mochi tips slipping in there.
I don't know.
It's just funny because I don't think that our December on the Gregorian calendar would
have been the end of their year.
You know, I actually, a little bit of trivia on the lunar calendar for the Jewish calendar,
we actually don't have a leap year.
We have a leap month every, I think, 13 years.
So just saying.
I want a whole month.
You have a whole extra month.
Do you have to work in that month?
No.
Good time.
Well, I mean, it's normal stuff.
You don't work on Shabbat.
Who would run the world then if we didn't work for a whole month?
You know, the Jew.
Anarchy!
Moving on.
UK.
24th of April, we have FIFA 12, you for Euro 12.
The Walking Dead and Prototype 2.
There's a game that actually came out on my birthday that I think has a funny name, and
I have no idea what it's about, but it makes me think of Benicula as Botanicula.
I don't know if anyone ever remembers a book about the vegetarian vampire rabbit.
On the 26th of April is Deus Ex Human Revolution.
On the 27th binary domain, Blazing Souls Accolade, or is it Assolate?
I don't know.
And Risen 2 Dark Watters.
That would be it.
That's all.
All right.
So I don't know if I should be happy about this, but I guess, you know, company doing
well, great.
THQ is, you know, their forecast for their earnings has improved.
They're saying that now they're reporting a net sales of from 160 million to 170 million.
And of course their previous update was from 130 to 150.
So what can this be attributed to?
Well, it's due to the fact that people have been dumb enough to buy the fucking DLC for
Saints Row the Third.
And I am proud to say that I am not one of those people.
I made the mistake once purchasing one of their content packs or expansions, whatever
you want to call it.
And it sucked.
It was 30 minutes of content for $8.
I'm sorry, $7.
And I just said...
It's cheaper than a hooker.
30 minutes?
Yeah, that is cheaper than a hooker, but it's definitely not as satisfying.
Not as much payoff.
When did you start pricing hookers?
Don't get me started.
Is there something for your birthday I didn't hear about?
No, I actually...
Nothing.
This comes from the episode last week's Supernatural.
Of course.
I was a fancy lady.
What, a hooker?
Well, I mean, come on, you have to know that you have to factor in the HMV into everything.
I mean, everything's based off the HME, which is the hooker market value.
And if you don't know what the hooker market value is, how are you going to know how to
price your other goods that are based off the HMV?
I'm telling you, this is just street smarts.
I mean, seriously.
So yes, it's really unfortunate that people were dumb enough to buy this, and most of
which was paid unlocked content, by the way.
In fact, they're still putting out little costumes and bullshit that was in the game.
Sadly though, if they put out a sequel to this game, I'm probably not going to have
to buy it, because I do remember earlier...
Well, a couple weeks ago while we were out, or while I was out, a certain idiot from...
I'm not really sure if he works for THQ or Volition, I believe he works for THQ, was
complaining about, you know, I'm not getting enough money from used games.
And so, of course, he had to be the first person to enter my list of, hey, if you complain
about used game sales and not making anything off of it, I'm going to boycott your game.
So Richard Brown, the first inductee into that list, who had worked on many things,
including Saints Row the Third.
Unfortunately, I am now going to have to be forced not to purchase any more games from...
Are you seriously boycotting Saints Row the Third?
I don't believe it.
I do not believe it.
I'm not buying the game new.
They will not get any of my new money.
Nah, we'll wait till that first trailer is out and I'll ask you again.
But yes, he has worked on many games, including Homefront, Renfaction, Armageddon, Saints
Row the Third, Stacking, Warhammer 40k, WWE All-Stars.
He's basically, I think he's like a producer or something like that over at THQ.
He backs the money for this stuff.
So yes, and of course he came out bitching about how, you know, oh, they need used game
sales because all these excuses.
I don't know.
I don't even really want to go into detail about it, but it's just, it's annoying.
Oh, he needs to talk about the real cost of used games and smuggle bastard.
Blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah.
Who cares?
Well, everybody has Kickstarter fever in the States anyway, because you know, they don't
really have anything like it overseas.
Cause you know, by the way, I got to say this.
There was a great Penny Arcade article on Kickstarter this week about how, you know,
people aren't raising the money they thought they would because it's like, oh, I'm making
all this money and oh shit, now I have to pay taxes.
Oh shit.
I have to pay somebody to manage the money.
Oh shit.
You know, it's, it's, it's kind of the dark side of Kickstarter, if you will.
Amazing read.
So check that out.
It's not the dark side.
It's just all these stupid.
What's the things that people don't think about?
Well, that's your problem.
And see, that's kind of one of the reasons why that your project is not working out in
the first place because like, Hey, I want to make a game, but you don't think about what's
involved in actually making a game.
I mean, there is a little bit of the financial end.
You have to have people that manage, you know, your money, your marketing and all that stuff.
You can't just go make game, make money.
I mean, there's, it's a little bit more complex than that.
All right.
Just a quick note for the podcast folks.
Apparently our live listeners lost us, but we show we're still connected and uploading
data to the feed.
So we're going to just keep right on moving.
All right.
So anyhow Kickstarter, yes, there is an alternative to Kickstarter called Gambitious.
Now this is how the folks overseas are going to get into this.
A European indie developers will get this opportunity to use this.
There are some differences.
This is a Dutch company.
They will be filling the crowdfunding void by using their own service.
You won't be donating funds to receive gifts.
You're actually going to purchase shares of a game's development.
So it's almost like a little mini stock market or something.
When the game is completed, the user gets dividends like a traditional investor, rather
than a copy of a game or a lunch date or whatever it is that you're doing.
That's kind of cool. It's different.
It's, it's a very smart way of, it's a, it's a very smart British way of thinking about
it.
I like it.
I wish it would do something like that over here.
They were kind of cool.
Very strange.
All right.
So, um, let's move on to a segment we like to do every week here on the show.
I know we're not live.
We still have a big group that listens to us on the podcast.
And for the record, um, the, they say that the play button's got a slash through it.
I just went to the site and it looks fine to me.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going on.
We, we still show we're feeding information.
So, um, I think it's just some type of technical snafu.
It just would not be a live show without technical snafus.
Anyway, let's just get into the classic game of the week.
We're going to keep moving for the podcast folks.
Dark soccer is going to dive into the gaming vault and find one game that she thinks, Hey,
you ungrateful bitches.
You should be playing this game right the hell now.
Now, dark soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
The game is Kid Icarus, also known as in Japan as Hikari Shinwa Palutena no Kagami,
which is light mythology Palutena's mirror.
Um, it is, um, an action platform game that came out of the Famicom disc system in Japan
and cartridge in the U S North America.
Um, and in Europe, it was the very first Kid Icarus game.
And it came out in Japan in December, 1986 and in Europe and North America in February
and July, 1987 respectively.
Um, we had a GBA version in 2004, a Wii virtual console version in 2007 and the sequel, um,
that came out on Game Boy in 1991.
And of course the third version that came out on Nintendo 3DS in March, 2012, sorry,
which having played a little bit of it, loved it, won it.
Oh my God.
So anyway, so basically you are Pit, who is a cute little angel trying to find the three
sacred treasures, which he has to, uh, uh, use to rescue, uh, their goddess of Angel
and Palutena.
Uh, you basically go through different areas where you can scroll up and you've got your
little, uh, dungeon levels where you have to go on kind of like a grid map type of thing.
Then it's really a neat little game.
It's, uh, you basically have to reach the end of the levels, defeat the monster that
guards the three treasures.
And, um, it actually was done by Nintendo's, uh, research and development one division
that, uh, meant, uh, it was designed by, um, Toru Asawa and Yoshio Sakamoto and directed
by Satoru Okada.
And you know who produced it?
Gunpei Yokoi, who is the man.
So, um, it actually had kind of mixed reception when it came out.
There were people that did not like it, but it's, you know, been a classic to everyone
since.
Um, the, uh, Game Boy version that came out was Kid Icarus of Myths and Monsters in 1991.
And then we had to wait for 20 years.
So now we have, uh, Kid Icarus Uprising and everything's cool.
But hey, we still have Pit in Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
So basically with this one, like I said, it is a platformer, uh, you go through different
levels and you have, uh, um, you know, you, you collect health, you collect hearts, which
you can use to buy stuff, and, uh, you also have a score.
Now, as you go through that, you can go through different, uh, chambers that sometimes they're
a market.
And, um, sometimes you, uh, have to defeat certain monsters.
You have a god's chamber where, um, your bow and arrow can be, um, increased in strength
by different factors.
And sometimes, uh, it depends on how many enemies you've defeated or how much damage
you've taken in battle.
And then you also have a training chamber where you can get, uh, one of three power
items if you pass the test.
So then you have, um, basically you've got the three stages, the underworld, the surface,
and the sky world, and, uh, they have, um, the, the different, uh, levels and the fortress.
And, uh, you know, all the first levels are, um, the underworld and sky stages are basically
ones where you're going bottom to top, and then the last one is a side-scrolling level.
The surface world, sorry, it's side-scrolling.
Um, the, uh, fortresses are non-scrolling rooms and you have to find and defeat the
gatekeeper.
Um, so you can buy a check sheet, a pencil, and a torch so that you can, you know, basically
track yourself on your map.
And, um, you can get a hammer that destroys statues which will free a flying soldier called
a centurion that will aid you in boss battles.
And then when each of the bosses are destroyed, you get one of the sacred treasures.
Blah, blah, blah.
And, um, the last portion, um, are kind of, uh, like a scrolling shooter.
So it's pretty interesting.
Um, so, um, the game, like I said, was done by, um, an Nintendo's R&D1 division which,
uh, was actually, the programming was done by an outside company called Intelligent Systems.
It was meant for the, uh, disk system because, um, with the disk card you could, uh, have
three times the storage capacity than the NES cartridges.
And then, um, it also could save your progress, um, given that it was on a floppy disk.
Um, of course, when it came out on the, uh, the, uh, Nintendo in the U.S., it was on,
uh, a, uh, cartridge with, uh, a password system.
So, uh, this, a lot went into the creation of this game, actually.
It was even said that, um, all of the, uh, the pixel art was drawn by, um, Otsawa himself.
That's pretty cool.
So, um, it was re-released in, um, 19, uh, sorry, in 2004 in Japan as the Famicom mini
disk system selection for the GBA.
And, of course, we got it on a virtual console in 2007.
Um, you know, remember the cheat codes, Rob?
I do.
Wasn't there, like, Medusa fights Icarus Angels or vice versa?
Icarus fights Medusa Angels, and there was Terror, Danger, Horror.
Yes, they took that out of the 3DS remake, if you can believe it.
Yeah, they did.
That's what I was leading up to.
No, my bad.
But, um, there were, uh, when, uh, there was, uh, the eShop version of the download code
that was given to those who registered two 3DS games, um, with Nintendo in Japan and
Europe, or pre-ordered Kid Icarus uprisings.
So, that was pretty neat.
So, yeah, the game sold 1.76 million copies worldwide by 2003, and definitely, uh, got
a cult following.
Um, when, uh, there was a magazine in the UK called Nintendo Magazine System that said
it was pretty good fun, but did not compare to other platform games.
Boo to them.
And part of it had to do with their rather dated graphics.
Um, but it was said in Retro Gamer, which is a magazine that Dan and I pick up sometime,
um, that it was the unsung hero of the NES, looks and sounds pretty, and said that the
music is sublime and the enemy characters are brilliantly drawn, which I have to agree
with every single last bit of that.
Now, um, JeremyParishWithOneUp.com said that it was a fairly forgotten masterpiece and
that it was underwhelming, buggy, and annoying.
You know what?
I say shut up.
Agreed.
It really is.
Now, I will say this, that game is freaking hard as fuck.
By hard as fuck, you mean fun?
I mean, it's not that it's not fun, but it's just proof that a game could be challenging
and still, you know, make you want to keep playing, want to keep doing better.
You know, and keep in mind, you know, we've seen Kid Icarus, oh, sorry, I should say Pit.
Pit was in Captain N, which that was a horrible show, but it's still part of my childhood.
And, um, we've even seen Pit in Tetris.
Remember when you win on the harder levels?
He pops up on the little windscreen.
Uh-huh.
Um, F1 Race in Super Smash Brothers Melee, and he was a playable character in Super Smash
Brothers Brawl, and they completely redesigned his appearance for that game.
Which, you know, that really, when he showed up in Brawl, I think that was the big,
oh my god, are we gonna get, you know, Pit?
Are we gonna have another game, you know, another Kid Icarus game?
Don't you remember all the fuss that that started?
I do, I do.
And there was all the leaked artwork that had come out before, and all this stuff?
That's right.
Well, there was, um, they basically, uh, unveiled Kid Icarus Uprising.
Sorry, I love the dungeon music.
Even though the loop gets annoying as hell after a few minutes, I love the dungeon music.
Okay, sorry.
You know what I liked, what I used to do in this one when you get turned into an eggplant?
Is I would hold down and then slide across the floor as an eggplant.
Yes.
You couldn't see his little legs.
Oh, that was the best.
Um, but basically, um, it, the, uh, they revealed Kid Icarus Uprising in E3 2010 and
suddenly a 3D shooter that was developed by Project Sora.
And that's the same company that did, uh, Super, uh, that's, uh, sorry, the same company
that the Smush Brothers designer Masahiro Sakurai is from.
So it kind of does go back to that, you know, that thing.
There was, um, an unofficial Flash game that was done by Flip Industries called Super Kid
Icarus that, um, basically was trying to bridge the gap between the upcoming sequel at the
time and the old one.
And it had a cheat system that could make, uh, to quote, a very tough game, a walk in
the park and, uh, had a reverse difficulty curve.
Basically you can play it 16 bit on your web browser.
Um, I don't know what became of that because honestly that's the first I had ever heard
of it, but now I kind of want to find it and play it.
So that's our game, Kid Icarus.
All right, there it is.
Your classic game of the week, Kid Icarus on the NES.
I just think that the, um, the original name is pretty cool though.
I do.
I like that.
Hikari Shinwa, you know, light mythology.
Uh, all right.
We don't know what's going on with the live feed.
We're still showing that we're sending data.
Apparently the server itself is down, so we don't know what's up.
Um, we, uh, you know, according to folks in chat, this seems to be like a legit server
crash that's happening, uh, what have you.
So we don't know what's up.
Um, we're gonna need to take a little bit of a break here.
Um, so we're going to go ahead and play music anyway, even though the podcasters won't hear
it, but at least it's chance for us to take a break and figure out how we're going to
broadcast part B and we'll be right back.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, sorta, on this Sunday evening, April the 22nd of 2012.
Um, just what's going on for the live folks real quick.
Um, we flipped it to Ustream, um, which obviously you're figuring this out if you're, you're
connecting to the feed right now.
And if you see, yep, yes, that video really is live.
That's my little hand waving in front of it.
But we're shy.
So you have to look at Mr. Chocobo.
Um, and I don't know what's going on with all games.
We care, I am still streaming to the all game server.
I'm streaming the both right now.
So this is going to be interesting to see if we can have the bandwidth for it.
But, uh, the all game, the all games server crashed or something happened.
So we don't know what's up.
And guys, we suspect it's not, I realized there was a big announcement this week and
people are, you know, coming up with conspiracy theories, but we think if it was that, which
would be silly if it was that, um, we wouldn't be able to, we would just have the access
to, to stream to the feed taken away altogether.
Cause they know the IP we broadcast from.
So, uh, we don't think it's that.
It's just, um, how ironic, how ironic it's like rain on your wedding day.
There you go.
All right.
So anyway, uh, we're going to get back into the show.
So for the podcast listeners, you haven't missed it.
This is the funny thing about being a podcast listener right now is that with everything
that's going on and all the announcements and all the chat we've had tonight, um, nothing
is going to, nothing is going to change for the podcast.
If you're listening to the show right now as a podcaster and you've never listened
live, don't, don't change anything.
You'll still get next week's show at the same time and all that good stuff.
So, all right.
Um, anyhow, let's try to move on with the show best we can.
Uh, we're going to move into some rapid fire news.
Sorry, I'm, I'm, I guess Dark Soccer's computer just crashed on top of anything, everything
else.
Won't anything work?
Why is technology?
Because this is a piece of shit.
My husband won't buy me an iPad.
Why is technology revolting against us?
It's like the fucking Terminator.
Okay.
I don't have to reboot, but I do have to reopen all my windows.
That's all right.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news here.
Sorry.
You everything all right over there?
Let's move on with some rapid fire news.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
Well, Vita is getting some free apps.
I actually downloaded one of them.
I haven't got a chance to play with the rest yet because I don't think they're up yet,
but they, um, they're getting three new apps.
One is called Paint Park.
Then there's Treasure Park and then Wake Up Club.
Um, Paint Park is basically a basic paint program.
Um, you can take pictures of crap and draw and share it with your friends and do all
that fun stuff.
Plus, I believe you can actually draw with friends maybe.
Um, and you can also use the rear touch pad and the front touch pad and all that fun stuff.
Um, so that's neat.
Then later this summer, they're going to be, um, introducing Treasure Park and Wake Up
Call.
Um, I guess Treasure Park is an app that lets you create your own puzzles and send them
out to your friends, um, using Nier and I guess 3G.
And then also Wake Up Call is an alarm clock app, uh, that syncs with your alarm or syncs
your alarm with other PlayStation Vita users.
I don't understand why you would want to do that.
And it says there's also a competitive element where players can set a goal or set goals
and are awarded for meeting or exceeding.
I don't get it.
That's stupid.
Set your alarm goal.
I mean, what's the point of that?
It doesn't make any sense.
That is very, turning alarms, alarm clocks into a video game.
I'm not sure.
You know, how quickly you answer the alarm.
I don't understand.
I could use something like that, actually.
I'm the type of person that'll hit the damn snooze for an hour.
So something to motivate me to set four alarms, actually get out of bed, you know, a shiny
sticker for my alarm clock park or whatever it's called.
But yeah, Paint Park is available right now.
It is free, so you can check it out and play around with that.
I actually, I haven't turned my Vita on in a few weeks, so I missed a lot of stuff on
there.
I downloaded the Wipeout demo.
I want to check that out because people keep saying that's a good game to get.
And then also there is like some AR thing with resistance that you can play with.
And then there's that other free like puzzle game that they've got where I guess it's limited
plays per day or something like that.
Hey, but it's free, so you can try it.
And if it sucks, you can delete it.
I still have to, I have an eight gig card, I still have to move everything over too,
but I haven't gotten a chance to do that yet.
So fun, fun.
Yeah, something else that's kind of cool DLC wise, you know, LittleBigPlanet had a lot
of cool DLC when it came out.
And of course they're going to kind of continue on doing it without LittleBigPlanet carting.
With pre-order, I'm assuming at major retailers, Amazon GameStop they're mentioning, you get
free Kevin Butler DLC.
That's right, the fake VP himself.
You get the Sackboy costume and his golf cart to play as.
How nice that they can still find a use for that mascot, right?
He was awesome.
You know what?
Fucking bring him over to Nintendo.
That's the kick in the pants that Nintendo needs right there.
It's a good marketing campaign or we haven't gotten to this yet.
Oh, I'll save that for later.
Anyways, last but not least, there's a rumor, or I should say a campaign sort of, to bring
Archer, the FX animated series, to Pinball FX as a table.
And apparently this is, it came to fruition via some tweets from the Archer production
designer.
I guess someone tweeted the Archer production designer and art director and then he's like,
and then he's like, well, yeah, hey, you know, that sounds like a cool idea.
You know, Zen Studios wants to do it.
Then I guess we can, you know, send the idea to FX and see if they're game for it.
And then Zen Studios is like, hell yeah, we'll do it.
And so, you know, now it's kind of in FX's hands to, you know, whether or not they were
going to put the wheels in motion, I guess, and they're going to swap contact information
and maybe we'll have an Archer table some day.
That'd be neat.
That would actually be all kinds of awesome.
I so supported this idea, even though if I recall correctly, Pinball FX has a spy table.
Who cares?
Archer's like 10 times better than that.
So, you know, that's all for that is I really wanted to like Archer, but I hate it, but
I think it's good.
Yes.
Archer's hilarious.
I hate it, but I hate you.
But here's the thing though.
I hated the office when I first watched it too.
It's one of those things that you got to go back later on and you're like, oh, this is
funny or like it's always sunny and felt no, actually it's always saying it was always
funny, but, um, it looks stupid.
Like it's always sunny, looked terrible.
And that's true.
The first time I watched, it's always sunny in Philadelphia.
I hated it, but now I think it's like one of the most hilarious shows on TV.
So it's, I'm willing to go back and try it again, but it's just right now.
I don't know.
I don't have time, but I'll eventually go back and watch Archer and hopefully enjoy
it.
Um, let me just quickly plug our chat room.
Chat dot orange on traded.com.
I don't know if any stragglers are finding us through Ustream.
This is our backup right now.
The all game server stopped responding.
So we're continuing on with the show.
You can't stop us that easily internet.
So we're continuing on, uh, chat dot orange launch.com.
If you want to chat with us, I don't even know if the Ustream TV chat room is there,
but if it is, we're not looking at it.
So you need to go to chat dot orange launch radio.com to chat with us, uh, live as we're
doing our little radio show on this Sunday evening.
Also, I want to open up the ask orange lounge line.
Send a private message to sky S K I E in the chat room at chat dot orange lounge,
city.com if you have a question for ask orange lounge, and we're going to get to that shortly
after a few more stories quickly.
This is really sad and this is something I think it happened on the week we were off,
but you know, we need to say it and tip our hat to this.
Um, Jack Tramiel, uh, he founded the company that created the Commodore 64.
He died at the age of 83, um, according to Forbes magazine.
And you know, if you grew up on the Commodore family of computers like I did, um, then Jack
Tramiel was obviously somebody important to you.
So rest in peace.
Um, going to a completely different topic here on Nintendo.
Uh, real quick, I'm sorry.
I don't, I didn't have a 64, but, uh, wasn't it like the command to like start a program
or something like 80 something or load quote star quote comma eight comma one.
Uh, that would've been ironic if it was four.
You know what?
There were, um, that was actually the same, uh, command on the Apple two E wasn't no Apple
for some of the games that I played.
It was, I thought Apple did something different.
It was like you do, it was similar, but it wasn't a star.
The star was unique to Commodore and the comma eight comma one.
Cause comma eight is what called out the disk drive.
And I think if you had a tape drive, it was comma seven.
Like I think I remember doing the comma eight comma one on the, um, Apple.
Are you sure you weren't playing a comma for load runner?
All right.
Well, the load runner was multi-platform, but anyway, let's move on.
I'm talking about Miyamoto being a damn tease.
Miyamoto had a conversation with the edge at edge online.com.
And, uh, yeah, he was talking about, you know, some first party stuff.
Cause that's what we really want to see Nintendo do, especially, you know, after the 3DS didn't
have a lot going for it, uh, when it first launched, you know, a lot of people were talking
about what titles they would like to see on it now.
And now, especially with the Wii U and we talked about some of this earlier.
Well, Miyamoto is kind of in on this too.
He said, quote, I think I'd be even more interested in creating something new, maybe based on,
or starting from a link to the past.
I think it's important to bring some really new software.
Now, you know, this has led to rampant speculation and internet wank about the whole thing, but
I mean, I, I love the idea of a new link to the past, but hold on.
Wasn't Zelda four swords on the GameCube kind of a redo of the link to the past.
It's not like that idea hasn't been touched since the Super Nintendo days.
That's not true.
The Game Boy Advance games and the portable games were really like that until it went
on Wind Waker.
I do have to make a rebuttal real quick.
I was thinking of my cousin's Commodore 64.
Ah, okay.
Sorry.
That's all right.
Um, it would mean to me, I think he's looking at kind of like, um, doing the new Super Mario
approach to it where basically they kind of do an updated engine, but the kind of old
school play style.
So you would have like an updated engine, maybe a top down Zelda game, kind of like
it was, but my God, put an editor in there, put a community feature where people can create
their own, like, you know, quests and stuff like that.
You're talking like money in the bank right there.
I mean, it would be epic and it would be really something that Nintendo would kind of say,
kind of say, Hey, look, we understand the internet and community features and stuff
like that.
Instead of pretending that you do or say, Hey, now we can do updates, you know, for
games are buggy.
We're with it.
We're cool.
Now this is the other big part of this is that he was asked about F zero.
So excited.
And he did say this quote, maybe with future hardware with Wii U coming up, maybe we could
create something that does make sense either as a smaller game or a fully fledged title.
Yes, please.
But that's an interesting way for him to phrase it either as a smaller game.
Could this be talking about like a Wii U where type of game?
Is that what we're talking about?
Or a small as in portable?
There's a lot you can read into that and probably way more than Miyamoto intended anybody, but
you will not calm the fanboy wank down.
Riddle me this.
Yes, so I'm assuming that this little tablet controller thing that they're going to put
out is probably going to have some sort of ARM processor in there, something that can,
you know, obviously render some video and that kind of stuff.
Well, a lot of these tablet devices are based off of certain ARM processors.
Could you, for example, and there were some other patents, which I don't know if we have
a story on, but whatever, um, you know, could you, for example, imagine that, Hey, guess
what?
Just like, you know, the pocket station or even like the Vita or something like that,
you know, Hey, you can take a version of your gaming experience on the road with you.
So for example, like, Hey, uh, we're going to create like a virtual console app that
runs on this tablet.
And guess what?
You know what?
Not only does a tablet screaming or stream your gameplay from the TV, but you can take
that tablet with you and play on the road.
These like games.
Well, but there's the whole like streaming.
Well, it doesn't have to stream the content.
I'm saying that the processor would be able to render its own content.
Um, and yes, you could do this also with the 3DS where you would have just a virtual console
game or, you know, 3DS app or something like that.
But it would be kind of a neat way to get people interested because, well, then again,
they would also kind of cut themselves in the knee by, um, you know, basically offering
a portable system with a console system, but it might get people to buy the system.
Very true.
Uh, one more story for you guys before I turn it over to Dark Sakura, and that is for you
Bimani fans.
Where are you at?
Holla!
BeatMania 2DX 20, or as I like to call it 20th style, even though that pisses the hardcore
off because this is really called BeatMania 2DX 20 Tricoro is the name of the game.
Konami has confirmed it exists.
It exists.
It's called Tricoro.
The three color scheme is kind of what they're going with with the whole red, yellow, blue
and, uh, location testing is underway April 19th through the 24th in Japan.
Happy birthday to me in Japan.
Right.
Um, I'm going to be honest.
I haven't followed the BeatMania 2DX series since about what style was like DJ Troopers
probably even before that.
Happy Sky, 12, 13.
Yeah.
I think the last one I actually touched was an Empress.
Oh, wow.
I didn't even play an Empress ever.
Like, oh, but they did.
They did have the PS2.
I keep forgetting they cranked out those PS2 games right up.
Empress was the last one.
Yeah.
I keep forgetting that.
So, well, there you go.
Anyway, 2DX 20th is happening and it's location testing right now, but Mani's not dead in
Japan.
Well, uh, there's a few other things.
How about some new Kinect games that are, uh, for kids that actually, I kind of want
to get one of these.
It's Kinect Sesame Street TV.
It's got Cookie Monster and Groover.
There's no Elmo to be seen.
Yay.
But that's going to launch, um, autumn 2012.
That's according to the Arganon CEO, James Bustal.
And then there is a Kinect National Geographic, like Nat Geo TV, it says.
And that's being put out by C21 Media.
That's pretty cool.
I would get the Sesame Street one.
Just saying.
And then there is a leaked trailer that if it's to be believed, then Resident Evil 6
will come out on October 2nd.
I'm sure there's a few people who are still into that series.
A few.
Well, Resident Evil 6 looks, you know, hot.
A lot of people are very excited about it, but according to not a side story, which is
a good thing.
According to this trailer, the protagonist is, uh, Wesker's son, the man who's told
to save the world.
And then last but not least, Brink has sold more than 2.5 million copies worldwide.
That's pretty cool.
Good job, Brink.
Yay, Brink.
All right.
Well, honestly, that's a lot better than I thought that game did, because I thought that
game tanked.
Yeah.
But that warrants a sequel, I would say.
I mean, that's very true.
I hope they're smart enough not to do one.
All right.
Well, since tonight was supposed to be a kind of a special show at All Games Radio, although
the server issues are holding us back, we're still going on YouTube.
It's a different type of special now.
It's a different type of special.
It's Fupa now.
That's right.
Fupa Fupa.
So we thought we would do, instead of the Fugal Question of the Week, we would do Ask
Orange Lounge tonight.
We don't do this segment very often, but it's when we open it up.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
You want to ask us anything, especially, you know, with what's going on tonight.
You can send a private message.
You want to ask us about life or anything.
All right.
You can send that over private message to Sky.
So let's cue up the music.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
Well, will we find out tonight on Orange Lounge Radio?
One thing I'd like to know is why can't we stream on All Games anymore?
It was supposed to be a special show, but leave it to us to get fucked.
All right.
First question tonight.
Loco Poco.
I love that name.
Reminds me of like Poco Roco.
Loco Poco wants to know if RuPaul's Drag Race was a fighting game.
Thank God for serious questions.
Thank God for serious questions.
If RuPaul's Drag Race was a fighting game, how bad would RuPaul be as a final boss if
he had SNK boss syndrome?
Well, you know, it's funny.
I don't know if you've seen the video for Glamazon, but it's on the internet.
You know, the big video that features the three finalists.
It has like a video game theme.
Funny enough.
And it's, you know, the three queens that beat all the other ones, like being big Glamazon
robot stepping up.
But there's a lot of like video game graphics in it and stuff.
So it was clearly inspired by games.
You want to know something funny?
Like in the early 90s, my friend had an avatar online called Glamazon who was a large buxom
overweight Wonder Woman.
So, um, how bad would RuPaul be as a final boss?
Um, I, you would sashay all over your face.
Uh, but seriously, what would a dream fighting game crossover that has yet to be done be
a dream fighting game crossover that hasn't happened yet?
I don't know about fighting game, but I do know what I would like as a, uh, um, survival
horror game.
I'd like a supernatural game.
I just want a new goddamn killer instinct game.
Is that too much to ask?
We'll say killer instinct versus mortal combat.
That's that works in my head.
That would be pretty epic.
I'm going to say that for my answer.
I want, um, pretty fighter versus Oscar 120% who only say go Saturn fighting game.
People know what I'm talking about.
Tiger claw thinks RuPaul's drag race would be more of a cart racing game.
Gio video says RuPaul would be a fierce final boss, fierce, fierce.
All right, moving on to a question from act deft.
Here we go with a serious question, guys.
All right.
What's the thing or are the things you have regretted doing in the show and why anything
you think or know you did wrong or shouldn't have done at all.
Regrets a strong word.
Oh, I think I know what Loki says.
Go ahead.
Karaoke.
Um, I'm sure there's things I've said.
In fact, I know there's things I've said where I've kind of gone back and changed my mind
later on.
And I think, boy, I sounded kind of stupid and ignorant saying that, um, my opinion on
some games ends up changing, but you know, that's part of this process.
And that's kind of the risk that we take doing this show every week.
And having done it for so long is that, you know, sometimes we're going to grow up in
front of you.
And in a lot of ways that's kind of happened.
You know, when we started this show, we were 10 years younger than we are now.
We went from being in our early twenties to being our early thirties.
And I think there's just a lot of like kind of growing up that happens.
I'm going to be honest, although I think are the old shows for OLR are great.
And I'm really proud of a lot that we accomplished in the old shows.
When I go back and listen to old episodes, like anything before episode like 150, really,
I go back and listen to the old stuff.
It's really hard for me to listen to because I'm like, Oh God, Oh God, there's so much
technically wrong with this.
And it just sounds like a hot fucking mess everywhere.
So, I mean, I wouldn't call that a regret, but it's definitely something we've really
like learned a lot from.
So, I mean, otherwise, as far as specific instances, I can't, maybe when I had my diva
fit, I'm not really proud of that moment.
That was, you know, back when the show, ironically, when the show died halfway through and, uh,
something just set me off and I think it was on Justin TV.
I don't know the place where we used to stream.
So I don't know.
Um, that, that wasn't a highlight of my career, certainly, but regret regrets a strong word
because you learn from every little fuck up, you know?
All right.
Rama asks, what game you played was so bad, you said, fuck this shit, drop the controller
and left.
What game was so bad?
You said, fuck this shit, drop the controller and left.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You didn't, you weren't jumping in.
I assumed you, you, what do you, what would you like to say for regrets?
Nothing.
Bitch.
All right.
I haven't rod rolled you enough.
Uh, game where you drop the controller and said, fuck this shit.
Fusion, Fusion Frenzy 2.
So fucking terrible.
That game.
I was like, what the hell is this garbage that I'm playing?
Yaris would be a good one.
Sonic 4 episode 1.
Sorry to say.
Loki.
Bullet Witch.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
And actually Oni Chumbara because it was pretty annoying.
The whole having to have your sword get dirty and it gets stuck in zombies is stupid.
A sword would not get stuck in zombies.
A sword chops zombies in half.
Um, let's see, going to, I'm going to try to burn through the rest of these questions
here pretty quick.
Randy says, have you guys ever looked through your game collections only to find a sealed
game?
Oh God.
All the time.
All the time.
This happened to my cousin and a shrink trap copy of NBA 2K10 yesterday.
All right, Randy.
No, I found the Blue Seed RPG about a month ago for Saturn.
I have a copy right over there.
Pilot wings resort on the 3DS still sitting in the shrink trap.
Stupid me.
Might as well sell that stuff for new on eBay.
Right.
Matt, anything that you've had?
Um, I just have, I have copies, but I'm nothing that I didn't know I have because I normally
don't leave that stuff, you know, shrunk.
Um, I have still a shrunk copy of, um, Earth Defense Force, the original one, because I
bought five copies of it.
Well, actually I bought three copies when we were selling them at my work for five bucks
each.
I'm like, I can't pass it up.
I am buying all the copies of those games.
So I kept them.
And funny enough, I actually, uh, I broke a couple copies of mine and, um, it's still
worth actually pretty, you know, a pretty good amount of money, I think, because it's
hard to find now.
All right.
I'm going to close.
Which, by the way, Sandbox Games is working on a new version of Earth Defense Force and
I'm very excited.
Actually, Rob, there is another game that we have that's still shrink wrapped.
What's that?
That's, um, uh, Gunstar Heroes for the, uh, Game Gear.
Serious.
Why, why when you got the Genesis one?
All right.
Well, I bought it for Dan as a treat.
I'm going to end no more questions because I got five questions in queue.
So question time is up.
I'm going to get to read my question.
These five questions.
I'm not reading your question.
My question is great.
Dark Sakura asks, why you so fly?
Because I'm hot.
All right.
Moving on.
Uh, GZDR4EV wants to know, according to Wiki is a deep question.
According to Wiki, 68% of the population believes in some type of religion.
So why aren't there more video games with a religious theme?
Controversy.
Hi people.
You get one little thing about someone's religion wrong and they want to just go,
eh, sacrilegious, bleh.
I, I think it is part that.
I mean, even though the stat is 68% believe, the problem is that split up into how many
different types of religions.
So, you know, and like Dark Sakura says, you get something wrong.
I don't think, you know, I, you may not kind of put the two in the same category, but I
think there's a lot of games where spirituality is a theme, especially a lot of modern RPGs.
I think especially a lot of the newer final fantasy games, uh, Mass Effect to some extent
has a little bit of those themes in it.
I mean, it's not really in your face, but there definitely is questions about, you know,
the big picture, which is what religion's about.
All these different, um, especially in RPGs, like you were saying, all these different
worlds have their own mythologies.
You know, like, for example, I'm just, uh, you know, I'm going to use World of Warcraft.
D.R. Foy have thought about, forgot about Battle of Olympus.
Yeah, no, but, um, I'm just gonna use World of Warcraft as an example, just because it's
fresh my mind.
I just finished that thrall book today.
It was really good.
It's got elements of shamanism, which, you know, we have in pagan religions today.
They have their light, which I'm assuming is the way they've lined it up as close to
an equivalent as Christianity and Judeo-Christian religions.
You know, they've got, uh, you know, the devil worshipers, they have all kinds of different
cults, you know, but, you know, even apocalyptic cults, which we've got apocalyptic cults here,
you know, how many of those people poisoned themselves to get on the giant spaceship on
Halley's Comet, you know, whatever.
Oh yeah, no, no, that wasn't, it was Hale-bop.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That whole thing.
The freaky guy on the TV.
Yeah.
I blame Um-bop for that.
But I mean, my point is just using that, I mean, clearly a lot of the religions in that
game are parallels for types of religions.
You have those archetypes, you know, um, and then you've got like, say, uh, Final Fantasy
7, here's an example.
You've got, um, the Cetra and their earth religion, you know, the, the soul of the planet,
that type of thing.
So that's just an example.
Yeah.
It's, it's not so much that they're mimicking real religions, it's so much that they've
created their own mythology based off of what each culture that's made this game understands
of other religions.
I mean, the same goes into, you know, different anime TV shows, you name it.
Wyland has an interesting point.
Tekken has an angel and a devil in it.
Well, that's also supposed to be genetic too.
Xenocore says half the Final Fantasies have that theme, almost anything from Japan.
Yeah.
Like the whole, you know, spirituality.
And here's another idea for anyone who was an old Saturn gamer, you know, like me, there
was Black Matrix that was based off of hell mythology.
So.
All right.
Um, SSJ100, good answer by the way, but you know, got to move on.
Four questions left.
SSJ100 Matt says, if you had the money to buy three arcade machines for yourself, what
would they be?
I thought this question came up last week, but it was the show that Jason and Alan were
on.
So let's hear it from you guys.
What three arcade machines would you buy?
For me, Burger Time, Magic Sword, Spy Hunter.
For me, an Ultracade, a Mame, and now Cheater.
No, um, I, since I'm going to lump pinball into arcade, um, I'm going to say that I would
get, um, probably a Tekken 5, just because I really liked that game.
Um, I would get a Strider and then I would probably get a, um, maybe a Theater of Magic
pinball or Black Rose.
You're cheating with the pinball.
Loki.
Okay, well then fine.
I will get, I will get a disc of Tron.
You do what you want.
I'll just build an Ultracade or pin Mame or something.
Uh, let's see.
Well, this is easy because, you know, I already have an arcade machine at home.
So, um, the three that I can't get right now, we'll do, uh, see, uh, fourth mix plus a, uh,
Max 2 and, uh, whatever the newest, uh, DDR game they have out there to, uh, was it, uh,
something versus, uh, Dance Dance Revolution second mix or something?
One of those.
So three DDR machines.
If you want three DDR machines.
Well, they're all different.
I mean, you know, Max 2 is pretty awesome in its own right.
And, you know, uh, uh, fourth mix plus is pretty awesome.
And the new game, I haven't played the new DDR game, but that might be pretty cool.
Hey Tigercall, the ferret is actually at my house.
X3 versus second mix says the chat room.
Yes.
X3 versus second mix.
That's what I'll be getting.
Three questions left.
Legend of Zaku says looking back, if Konami quickly and directly followed up with a successor
to DDR extreme 10 years ago, instead of Supernova, do you think it would have created a different
rhythm game community than what it turned out due to ITG taking that place?
That's a community.
That's a loaded question.
I don't think ITG ever truly took its place.
ITG caused controversy and kind of splintered the community into a couple, into a couple
kind of different sex, if you will.
There was, I said sex, um, there was the pro ITG crowd and the anti-ITG crowd, the DDR
loyalists.
This is how I feel about, about it in regards to the ITG thing.
It's like if you were at a restaurant and then a dog took a shit on the sidewalk, would
that make a decision about which game, which place you would go to eat?
Um, I think what needed to happen is yes, Konami needed to put something out a lot sooner
than they did.
Konami failed because Konami of Japan refused to take risks.
Jason Enos forced them to take a risk here in America.
Basically, I shouldn't say forced, but you know what I mean?
He pestered and pestered and did the professional version of that for years and years until
Konami finally released something over here.
When he left Konami and they shut down Konami Hawaii, who was doing a great job with the
Xbox games.
When they shut down Konami in the Bay Area where the fans were making steps and you know,
all that stuff.
I think it lost a lot too much to recover from.
So honestly, a little weird now seeing like some of these step mania, uh, artists and
stuff like that or people that would make music for step mania and DWI and stuff like
that.
Actually as artists in the game, it's a little odd.
All right.
Neat, but a little odd.
Two questions left.
I do have to give another shout out here because I noticed our Ustream count is increasing.
This is not a usual thing for us.
Uh, we are using this as a backup.
Our main feed at All Games Radio, which ironically it was to be our last night on All Games Radio.
It died partway through.
I am still showing feeding to All Games Radio.
So their server's down or something.
But anyhow, that's beside the point.
You can't shut us up that easy.
So here we are in Ustream.
If you want to join us in the chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
It's a radio show.
That's why you're looking at my Tron figurine on the camera.
All right.
Moving on.
Two questions remain.
Xenocore, what game have you resisted playing the most but been the most pleasantly surprised by?
Xenocore, you couldn't have given me an easier question because it's going on right now.
Mass Effect.
I wrote it off originally as, oh, this isn't my type of game.
This is like a first person shooter.
I watched a friend play it and I saw the most boring parts of the game driving the Mako around.
And I was like, eh, not the game for me.
Finally, Shane basically threatened to kill me if I didn't play it.
I'm like, fine, you know, he's very good at bullying me.
So I said, fine, I'll play.
Oh, Rob, you should play Mass Effect.
Pretty much.
Just like that too.
That's my Shane impression.
I didn't know because he'll do that and tell you to do something.
But then when he fights with you, when he fights with you.
No, right.
You got to play the middle.
He'll totally do the little boy thing.
I see this fine.
I don't care if you play it or not.
Stare.
So regardless of, you know, the catalyst Mass Effect, I started playing and I absolutely love it.
And I think it's a fantastic series.
Jamie, anything for you here?
Cave Story.
Oh, that's true.
It was out for years and years.
And we just kind of go, oh, well, I had known about Cave Story like forever.
And I even actually played some of the old version of it when it was, you know,
like a flash download or something.
Or I played different incarnations of Cave Story.
And then just starting to play it again.
And Dan though, he was really into it.
So he's like, I'm going to play your Cave Story when you're not here.
Fine, play it.
I'll get the point.
Loki, anything you can think of?
A series you wrote off originally?
Uh, Call of Duty Modern Warfare.
Knew it.
Honestly, because I played it once.
I was like, eh, I don't really like this as much as I like the World War II ones.
I'm not going to really play this.
And then went back and it was awesome.
So, you know, gung ho into that, um, I don't know.
Um, yeah, that's pretty much it, I guess.
All right.
Last question from Derek H.
Question.
When women say the good ones are always taken, does that mean if you're still single,
you're not a good one?
I always heard the good ones are always gay.
That's what I always heard.
And I'm always like, that's right.
No, I was never really in that opinion.
You know, because I was like, fuck, I don't want anybody.
And then I met Dan and I was like, well, fine, I guess you'll do.
No, my husband is the best.
Have you ever caught yourself saying that?
I mean, you're the one on this show.
No, honestly, I haven't because I mean, I've never had a trouble getting a date.
I don't know why I guess, you know, cause I've always,
I mean, I always thought that I was kind of this undateable geek chick, you know,
but I've never really had a problem getting, you know, getting anyone to date me, I guess.
Yeah.
But what?
Can't, nevermind.
But I mean, but you know.
Can't say anything appropriate to that.
No, well, I'm going to go ahead and say this.
Out loud and public, Dan was my first and only.
Just saying, you know, not that I haven't made out with a bunch of people, but still.
But, you know, Dan happened to be the right person at the right time.
And he's always been the right person.
So I've never, it's never been a case of why are all the good ones taken?
It's been, why do all these guys suck?
And Oh, someone who doesn't suck.
So that's what my experience is.
I think, I don't, I don't know if you find this to be the case or not,
but I think a lot of times when somebody finds the one,
you're kind of surprised a little bit at it.
Like, you know, I never thought it would be this or whatever.
And I think a lot of times women or anybody, I mean,
I've heard gay guys to say that too.
I mean, it's not just women that say it.
I've heard a lot of people say that, that the good ones are always taken.
And I think, you know, it just means that my radar isn't pinging off because I'm very
tunnel vision of what I'm looking for.
And I have written all over my notepad, you know, what I want my dream boy to be like
and everything that's shoved at me in the media and da da da.
I'm very tunnel vision.
And then it's like, Oh shit.
I just fucking fell in love, you know?
And even, you know, even though I'm, it's not a woman man situation, you know,
Alan, I knew for years online, never would have thought I'd end up with him,
moving in with him and all that stuff.
But it just, it just happened.
And when it happened, it was kind of one of those things.
It's like, Oh, well, I knew Dan online for years.
Yeah.
And this is, you know, when I was in Alabama and had no,
I was actually saving up my money to go to Anime Expo,
which is the money that I use for my plane ticket to fly out here in the first place.
But I mean, I had known Dan forever online and it just happened.
I mean, uh, techness says it's because the women who say that are usually dating assholes
in our chat room at chat.org.com.
I was always dating nice guys, which is true.
Like, except for the one girl I went out with who was kind of a bitch like me.
That was pretty fun, but it's Alabama.
And you don't, I won't even go there about it being Alabama.
But I had, I'd broken up with every guy that I had gone out with because he was too nice.
I went as someone who would argue with me and not treat me like I was, you know,
made of, of fragile eggshell and porcelain.
And Dan doesn't treat me like that.
He treats me like I'm an equal and like I'm his partner, not just, you know, his woman.
You know what I mean?
So, all right.
Also, I was going to say, because you're in the friend zone,
that's why they say that I wish, you know, that's why you hear that.
Ooh, the friend zone.
Because they can discuss these, these, uh, woman to woman things with you.
You know, I will say, I will say something else.
I have had guys come back and say I was interested, you know, come back and say
they were interested and I'll flat out evaluate would I have dated this person.
And for the most part, I can safely say no, like I'm not going to name names,
but there was someone who said he was interested in me until he found out I was married.
And I just flat out said, well, not to be a bitch about this,
but I wouldn't have gone out with you.
And this is why I wouldn't have gone out with you.
So if I'm the kind of person that you're looking for,
this is why I wouldn't have gone out with you.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I do.
And that's very helpful for those guys.
Stop being neurotic.
All right.
Thank you for the questions, guys.
We're going to move on with some video game news.
Before we do, I have to notice one other thing I just noted was still in the shrink wrap.
Going back to that earlier question.
Look at this.
I have the PlayStation Vita little ARG cards.
The AR play cards.
Haven't taken them out.
Good.
You haven't figured out that the AR is broken.
So it's really, it's well here.
I have a use for them now.
I'll put them on the Ustream cam since we suddenly have a video feed tonight.
There you go.
Look at the cards.
You should kind of dried out looking pizza.
They're like, it's terrible.
I tried playing the soccer game and I spent like 15 minutes trying to get that damn thing
to work.
No.
And I played the fireworks game and I was like, nope, don't care.
It's just, it's a waste of time.
It's neat, but you know, I need like an actual AR game that doesn't require cards.
And that works.
You know, that'd be nice if it worked.
Just saying.
All right.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
The mailbag coming up shortly here in a moment.
First off, Loki.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about Sony.
And I mean, I guess they kind of need to have like a, you know, their own Smash Brothers
type game because hey, why not?
Everyone else is doing it.
So yes, they have, there was a rumor, of course, that they were putting out some sort of like
game that's going to feature all the PlayStation All-Stars and that kind of stuff.
Well, now they've actually registered a domain called PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale.
And it is looking to be like that game.
Something with maybe all their first party franchise characters from like Heavenly Sword
to God of War.
Although Heavenly Sword, does anyone really remember that game?
I do.
So they're going to have all these different characters fighting each other.
Maybe in some sort of Smash Brothers type way.
Originally, I guess it was on their working title, Title Fight.
Rumored to be announced actually this week on Spike TV's The Game Trailers TV show.
So when's that show on?
Thursday.
So I guess we'll find out this week if that's the case.
Most likely probably going to be the case.
So neat, I guess.
I don't know.
Cool.
We'll see how this really kind of works.
Well, I mean, obviously they're going to kind of take the successful Super Smash Brothers
format and put their own spin on it.
I mean, it's yeah, I don't know if they have quite the recognizable lineup of character.
Well, I don't think I can really throw that kind of shade at it because, you know, there
are some big characters.
They're just like, I don't see.
I mean, like, there's no, like, this is not a kart racing game.
You know, they have a little big planet for that.
But here's the thing.
Like Nintendo, you know, Smash Brothers makes sense because there's really no emirated
characters in Nintendo's kind of lineup.
They're all kind of that, you know, family friendly type stuff.
Whereas you have Sweet Tooth versus Sackboy or Ratchet and Clank or something like that.
That just doesn't make any sense.
Now, I do have to say now they should be edgy with this.
They should really go all out with this kind of title fight thing.
I think they need to have, first off, Kevin Butler needs to be a playable character as
is also the creepy baby from their commercials needs to be a character as well.
And that would be awesome.
But yes, I wonder if they'll get any crossover things, you know, kind of like how they finally
got like Snake and Smash Brothers and Sonic and some of that.
You think any of that will happen?
That'd be kind of cool.
I mean, I don't know.
Maybe I could see them, you know, like doing like the like the commercial with like the
resistance people and the Call of Duty guys and stuff like that.
Maybe they'll have something like that.
And Bob or Mike or whatever his name was, Michael, dude.
Maybe your PlayStation home character, because God, I don't ever play that.
SSJ100Matt says, can we kill that Marcus PSP kid?
That would be hilarious.
But no, it's probably not going to be the case.
All right.
EA story, very controversial company these days.
Um, Eurogamer had a report this week that in the UK, EA person Keith Ramsdale, one of
the executives at EA announced that EA is going to develop an online universe for all
its franchises.
He didn't say like multiplayer necessarily, but a cross-platform major tie-in approach
to games and basically pulling in any gadget you can think of, iPhone, Xbox, whatever.
Football grenade.
Quote, imagine a player gets up in the morning, plays an online match on his 360 before going
to work on the bus, on his way to work.
He practices his free kicks on his tablet at lunch.
He looks on the transfer window on his PC on the way home.
He chooses his kit on the smartphone.
Here's the thing.
When he gets home to play again on his 360 that evening, all his accounts been hacked
and the people have charged FIFA DLC points.
All right.
All those achievements and upgrade will be alive in his game.
Here's the thing.
Okay.
So as much as EA is talking about this unified network, you know, I kind of thought this
was already happening.
And EA had a very our way or the highway mentality, and that's how they got away with a lot of
stuff on the Xbox.
I mean, even the way I bought Mass Effect 2 DLC, you kind of had to go online and tie
in the Cerberus account online.
And then that opens up the DLC.
I thought it was ridiculous, but EA is being very possessive about it.
Well, yeah, they wanted to go that way so that you have to buy your fucking online
passes for every game because they're like, shit, you know, this offline game, how are
we going to sell an online pass for it?
I mean, because, yeah, that may have worked once with Kingdoms of Amal or Reckoning, but
people are going to start figuring out that this game isn't online.
Why are they charging an online password?
So now they have to add their stupid little online component.
Really, all they're doing is just copying Call of Duty Elite.
I mean, that's what everybody's doing now.
I mean, that's what, you know, Rockstar is doing with...
Actually, to be fair, Rockstar kind of was doing it before Call of Duty Elite with their
social club stuff because they have that span across other games.
Then there's Ubisoft with their Uplay stuff.
I think they're doing something a little different with, like, I want to say it's their Ghost
Recon Network or something like that for the new Ghost Recon Future Soldier.
But then they have, you know, Call of Duty Elite.
They only have these different community things with apps and crap that you can tweak your
stuff in game.
Honestly, honestly, is it really going to take, what, like five seconds to configure
your fucking soccer player or whatever when you get home?
I mean, do you really have to bring...
Well, of course, I guess if you're this type of guy that brings your fucking tablet and
phone to work, you know, with you and shit, then I guess you want to, you know, get shit
done right away.
But I don't know.
I mean, it's a little excessive.
Cool if they're going to do that, but, you know, once again, I think it's just to sell
those online passes.
And, I mean, if it adds value, then neat, but, I don't know, they've kind of actually,
I think they've done that also with Need for Speed.
They had their auto log or something like that.
So, yeah, they're kind of already doing this.
That's the way everything's going.
They need to have some way to drive people to keep playing their games.
And not sell them used.
I guess.
All right, so you get to hear the same music, theme music again, because it doubles for
the mailbag music every week.
You guys send us emails at mailbag at orange launcher dot com and dark soccer dives into
the email bag head first and pulls out some emails.
She thinks she ought to share with the rest of us.
Um, no, this is from April 12th.
So disclaimers and everything.
Um, I haven't heard a lot about Assassin's Creed on the show, and I was wondering why
it isn't a big subject on, um, on here.
It's stellar series.
And I really think the story is underestimated by its gameplay being the main attraction.
What do you guys think?
There's another game series that I play.
I'm like, fuck this.
I'm not playing this anymore.
Really?
You didn't like it?
I didn't like Assassin's Creed.
I've heard a lot of good things about it.
Um, it's, it's kind of mass effect to me where I just, I saw it really quickly and I was
like, oh, I'm playing too much wow right now to get into Assassin's Creed.
I have a lot of friends that are really into it.
It is on my list to get to at some point, but you know, we can't play everything.
I'm actually interested in playing Assassin's Creed 2 just because I love, um, how fucked
up the Medici family was and it has a lot to do with, uh, Renaissance Italy at the time.
And it's funny, my Renaissance art history teacher, her daughter's playing the game
and, uh, she's, uh, you know, pointing out like the Palazzio and all these different
places and saying, oh yeah.
And so-and-so de Medici was killed here, you know, cause they're all busy popes and killing
each other.
I'm just saying.
Next email.
Oh, that was from Danny.
Next email.
Hey guys, Styrlok here.
Welcome back.
I was listening to some random video game soundtracks the other day and had an interesting
thought for a possible topic to talk about.
And I'm curious what your answer will be.
It seems that sometimes that random game will come along that completely sucks, but can
defy all logic by having a kick ass soundtrack.
The two that jumped to my mind right away are Unlimited Saga for PS2 and Spider-Man
and the X-Men arcades revenge on the SNES.
What games do you think of that will fit this criteria?
Obviously opinion based, but curious what you guys come up with.
I don't know why, but my mind goes very, very old school.
And one of the first games I think of was Goonies 2.
I don't know why the NES had a stellar soundtrack for the 8-bit days.
Oh yeah.
Actually, Dan really loves that game.
Yeah, but the game itself was, I mean, it takes some getting into, but then like once
you really do get into it, you're like, wow, this game, I don't give this game enough credit,
but that was really where the soundtrack was so good.
I had to like play more of it.
Well, I liked even, I'm not going to say it was a bad game, but it just wasn't that in
depth.
It wasn't that hard.
Strider 2 had a fantastic soundtrack, but really easy gameplay.
But for me, a lot of it was just how awesome the music was.
And oh my gosh, Strider, here are you.
I got a great answer for this.
Final Fantasy Mystic Quest.
Yeah.
It's kind of a crap RPG.
It's all right.
It's got a decent story, but the soundtrack was so good.
And it wasn't, it wasn't no Buimatsu either.
People are going to poop on me for this, but Paperboy.
I don't like Paperboy, but I love the music in it.
I can see that.
I just thought it was funny.
I can see that.
I am.
I really am not any good at Paperboy.
Paperboy is a weird ass game.
It is.
But I, I mean, I love watching other people play it.
That's the thing.
But I hate playing it myself.
Um, Agdeft and Artarum says, meh, Sonic games.
You know, Sonic Adventure 2 had a good soundtrack.
Anything you can think of, Loki?
A stall on the Sega Saturn.
That's a random pick.
Why that one?
A stall is kind of neat.
I love it.
It was, it was a great soundtrack.
I actually recorded on my cassette tape because I played the music on the Saturn when I rented
the console to play the game.
I have an answer for this.
It's going to get me a lot of shit, but you all know it's true.
This game actually isn't that good, but it's the soundtrack that keeps you coming back
because it wasn't as good on Xbox Live Arcade as it was on the Dreamcast.
Crazy Taxi.
Hell yeah.
But Crazy Taxi was kind of a crappy game, but it's that song.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or the combination of Offspring and Bad Religion.
It just wasn't the same, which were two bands I was so into when that game came out.
I freaking love Bad Religion.
Um, God, there was another game that just popped into my head and then it popped out
the moment you said Crazy Taxi.
So, you know, I would say the PlayStation version of Grandia.
I tried, you know, I was playing it on the Genesis because the Genesis version is so
much better, but I still tried to play it on the PlayStation just so I could hear the
good music.
Hey, come on over.
Have some fun with Crazy Taxi.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's run over some bitches.
Hey, you're dragging too fast.
Shut up.
I know what I'm doing.
I mean, that song was already big before Crazy Taxi.
Like, I remember that song in high school and stuff.
And then, like, when that game came out, it was just like that game will forever be or
that song will forever be associated with Crazy Taxi.
Okay.
I know another game just because I liked the music in it, believe it or not.
Was that stupid Avatar game?
Yeah, you're on your own there.
And I was going back and watching the cut scenes from Tron Evolution and that was good
music.
No, I'll give you that.
Because, I mean, it was pretty much the Daft Punk stuff, but yeah.
All right.
More emails?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, let me go ahead and close the one from our friend, Strlock.
Hi, gang!
Hope you had an-
Hi, overexcited person!
Hope you had an awesome time in Electronica last week.
I did.
Bitch.
Thank you for my Duffy outfit.
You're welcome.
While you lot were having fun, I didn't get to go, so it was just while Rob was having
fun, I was forced to help my parents decide which of my childhood memories I wanted to
destroy for all time, hint none.
Good lord, this sounds like a terrible reality show.
While sorting through all my stuff, I found my old Master System 2.
Maybe because all the episodes of Game Center CX I've been watching, maybe it's the fact
that you mentioned Castle of Illusion last time, but I felt like I had to plug it in
and get me a fix of retro gaming.
I was surprised that it still works perfectly and that I still remembered how to plug it
in and tune the TV.
Flicking through channels and suddenly I saw the lo-fi Sega appear.
It's heartwarming experience.
Wait a minute, is Master System 2 what they call the Genesis overseas?
Uh, I don't know.
The Genesis was called the Mega Drive.
That's right, that's right.
It's like Castle of Illusion.
Was that on the Master System?
They did it in Brazil.
Oh, all right.
But anyway, um, I've never really been one for retro gaming.
I got MS2 pretty late and missed the 16-bit era entirely.
I never really grew up on video games in that way, but picking a game, blowing into the
cartridge and inserting it while imitating a Reno's Game Center CX kachow on was fun.
Of course I've never seen that show.
The games I used to play were pretty much exactly as I remembered them.
The fun, uncomplicated, and pretty tough.
They just all seemed charming.
The old school graphics, the epic music, all real undeniable charm.
The only thing I found surprising was how slow the games felt.
Sonic especially.
Maybe just a case of badly ported PAL games?
Unfortunately, I didn't get to spend too much time playing it, but I'd like to say it's
a pleasure, no, it's thanks to you guys and GCCX that I really had a renewed interest
in the pleasure of retro gaming.
Thanks, OLR, and that's from the OLR.
PS, when it comes to retro gaming, do you prefer playing old games on a modern console
is better than playing them on their original consoles?
PPS, bonus images for you.
This is, uh, Picaruno.
Um, I like to play retro games on newer consoles just because, you know, getting it on my new
TV and everything, it's really hard to hook up an Atari 2600 to a modern HDTV.
You kind of can't do it without converters.
You know, I saw his Twitter this week with all the, um, Sonic Chaos and all that.
R-Type.
Oh, I fucking love R-Type.
Good times.
No, I fucking love R-Type.
You want to talk about good video game music?
R-Type.
You need to find the opening music for R-Type for me right now, Rob, or I will cry.
You know, I forgot to mention in my games that I played in the last two weeks, but I
actually played through both, uh, Sexy Parodius and Parodius Da.
I love Parodius too.
Have you ever played Chatting Parodius?
No.
You should play Chatting Parodius.
Excuse me.
This may or may not be the song you were looking for.
I don't know this game as well as you do.
Nope, that's not.
Yep, that's his.
Wait, bitch, let it start before you make the call.
All right, I gotta watch how much-
Here we go, here's the part.
This is like my favorite piece of video game music ever.
We gotta watch how much of this we play on Ustream.
They have very- they have a zero tolerance on piracy.
Okay, well, it's on YouTube, so whatever.
Um, you know, I would actually have to say, and this is why Dan and I have such a big,
um, classic game console, uh, collection, is because we really do like playing them on
their intended consoles.
You know, I mean, sometimes I like going back and playing a few, you know, things on a newer
console if that, you know, happens to be what I have hooked up and say that, you know, oh,
the Neo Geo is at Dan's mom's house because we have a bunch of our game stuff in storage
at her place.
Well, I can't very well go grab the Neo Geo and play anything, so I guess I can play King
of Fighters on the Dreamcast or something.
You know, I'm just saying.
So it depends on convenience, but if I've got it there, I will hook up the old stuff
and play it.
Hail to the fuck yeah.
All right, is that it for the mailbag?
No, we have two more.
Oh my God.
Hey, we've been gone for two freaking weeks.
I guess that's true.
Hey, OLR, Defective Candy here, just emailing to announce my boyfriend or I are the new
proud parents of our only arcade cabinet.
I picked it up on Craigslist for $70, needed a little work, but the wood alone to build
one from scratch would have run us over $100.
We were thinking of turning it into a main cabinet, a PC based system that uses emulators.
Yes, we know.
Just because the game card is shot.
The original cabinet was from Data Pro, although I am unsure what game originally came with
it.
It had WWF Wrestlefest in it.
I remember that game.
I found out Data Pro was a large manufacturer of mostly pinball machines.
I was wondering if Dark Soccer was familiar with the brand.
I am familiar with them, but I don't think that they put out much that was good.
I can double check that.
I know it was Gottlieb that put out that TMNT table.
I'll have to check.
Anyway, I wanted to thank you guys for keeping me in the gaming world all these years and
inspire me to follow my dreams of buying my own cabinet.
I think the bug has really bitten us and we already went out to make a bar top cabinet
next and keep you updated on the status of our work.
Cheers, Defective Candy.
I want a bar top cabinet.
You know what?
They're more expensive than you think.
Here's the machine.
WWF Wrestlefest.
What a cheap piece of crap.
But it's your piece of crap and congratulations.
That's great.
And you know what?
That'll be great for the maim.
Exactly what Defective Candy is talking about in the email.
It'll be a great thing.
We built ours out of an old stand-up pole position.
Our last one.
Just be careful with what you're building your system out of because you need to have
the right graphics card for it.
I think, uh, there's drivers.
You can find the specs online.
Well, yeah, you can get special drivers.
Like, um, I have, uh, what do I have?
I ended up, before I was using an arcade VGA card, I recommend not going through that route
because the arcade VGA cards are usually a little bit old.
Although the newer ones though are newer models.
But I ended up going with an ATI card and then they have special drivers that you can
get that will do the low-res scaling for you.
And then also, um, you want to get the, uh, the JAMA adapter for, uh, the J-Pack.
J-Packs are awesome.
You need to get that.
And, uh, also be careful that you buy good buttons that won't wear out quickly.
For a cabinet like that, you don't need good buttons.
It doesn't matter.
I mean, the buttons are, like, so damn cheap.
They're like 50 cents.
Yeah.
Um, the last email.
Have any of you played Pier Solar?
It's an RPG created for the Sega Genesis but was originally released in 2008.
A reprint of the game recently sold out and they will probably release it again at some
point.
It's a really well-made game and does something no other Genesis game has done before that
I know of.
If you purchase the companion CD soundtrack, you can play the Genesis cart using the CD
soundtrack in the Sega CD drive for the in-game music.
The developer, Watermelon Games, is currently working on a new Genesis Mega Drive game,
so check out their website if you are interested.
Do you have any Genesis RPG recommendations?
Um, Fantasy Star 4?
Any of the Fantasy Stars, really, although that's kind of an obvious answer.
I- I don't remember this one.
I remember some of the Genesis games that came out later.
Bobby had had one of the folks on his show a few years ago.
Um, I don't remember that one, though.
It's awesome that people are still making games, though, for Genesis, but they still
do it for like Atari 2600 and all that.
Genesis RPGs?
I didn't own a Genesis growing up.
There's a website for it.
This is a really hard question for me because I didn't own a Genesis growing up.
Um, and my friends, you know, the games we would play would be Mortal Kombat because
it had the blood and Street Fighter Championship Edition.
Role-playing games on Genesis that weren't Fantasy Star.
Um, Dark Sakura?
Um, you know, I was a SNES person growing up.
Thank you.
Bobby reminded me.
It was called Beggar Prince.
Thank you.
I knew- I was like-
I- I grew up playing Chrono Trigger in the Final Fantasies, so- but, I mean, I've gone
back.
We picked up, um, the Sega Ages, uh, 2500 copy of, uh, Fantasy Star, which we had our
friend Krista translate for us while we were playing through it.
So, I mean, I- I never really got too much into the Genesis one.
Sorry.
I mean, I did play some of the Sega CD ones.
Like, it wasn't really an RPG, but I did play Popful Mail, you know, and I played Lunar.
I had those.
Lunar is awesome.
I don't know.
I didn't have a Genesis, not until long after Genesis was done.
Yeah.
And even then, it was just Sonic and Vectorman and-
Vectorman's pretty awesome.
I don't remember where the hell else we had.
What's that?
A big booger?
It's a chuzzle.
Oh.
I'm trying to entertain- since we're forced to use a- well, we're not really forced to
use a webcam on Ustream, but, you know, it's weird to not have one.
I've just been putting random objects in front of the camera because we're shy.
It's a radio show.
Well, I've got one more paragraph.
All right.
Good luck with the move to a new station.
Your fans will follow you, so don't worry about that.
Looking on the bright side, it sounds like Bobby will update his podcast feed, which
hasn't been done in a couple of years.
Yes!
This is a great opportunity for Bobby to turn over a new leaf.
Yes.
And that's by Will.
He sent a link, which I'm going to post in the chat room.
He must have just written that in the past hour.
Yeah.
Well, it was, you know, there as of part A, so.
There you go.
But it's a link to, uh, Pier Solar.
Awesome.
So I might have to give this a try.
There's a, is that a Pelican?
Looks like a Pelican.
All right, guys, let's move on.
Oh, mailbag, of course, at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the website.
If you want to send us your question for next week.
We had a lot of questions tonight.
Now it's not time for questions.
It's time for Angst and Destruction.
FUs of the Week, Dark Sakura.
Um, FU being tired and having people not really understand the way that good design works.
Um, committees, just committees.
They should just let me do everything and take it.
Um, also one on behalf of Becky, because I'm pissed off for her.
Um, fuck those little things that try to put you into a category and then her teacher for
making her write about it.
Because I'm pissed off that she has to do it.
I've come up with interesting titles for her papers, including Fuck Your Yankee Blue Jeans.
And, um, my, uh, suggestion to her for the summary of her essay is in summary, fuck you.
Just saying.
Logie?
Fucking to myself for letting my backyard get so overgrown that I can only, like, not
even really mow.
I should say hack through with, uh, a mower, you know, weed whacker and various other tools.
I can only get about most of my side yard done before I filled up two trash cans full
of grass and vines.
It is a jungle out there.
Um, I'm going to give an FU to the fact that here we are trying to do our last show on
all games and there isn't an all game server tonight, but whatever.
These things happen.
It's just always seems to happen at key times.
Um, but I will, um, say, you know, I'm going to say a thank you for the listener that says
we don't do enough.
Thank you is during the FUs.
I'm going to say a thank you to all of the folks, live listeners, um, for being really
understanding in light of the difficult announcement we made tonight.
I feel a lot of love and a lot of support, and that wasn't an easy thing that, you know,
we, we've had to keep it under wraps for a long time.
And you know, there's a sense of guilt that comes with that.
Um, but thank you guys for understanding.
It's, it's, um, awesome.
You guys are great.
And next week, hopefully our, our new server won't go down.
We'll see.
Anyway, uh, that's it for FUs.
Let's get into a few more stories and then Twitter topics at twitter.com slash O L R.
Uh, just a few of those Skypline.
We've got to do Skypline as well.
Um, so let's try to run through these last few stories.
So we have time for a couple of Skype calls cause I know people want to get in tonight.
Okay.
So Nintendo has made a patent for game emulation on low capacity systems.
Basically, um, some sort of device that, you know, they have, it looks like in an airplane
or something like that, where somebody is playing, uh, some sort of game or something
on the back of a chair.
So basically like an arm device or something like that, that would emulate Game Boy, Game
Boy Color, Game Boy Advance games, um, systems like cell phones and stuff like that.
Funny because that already exists, you know, as emulators on said pretty much every platform
known man, but now they're making it official, I guess that they're going to do some sort
of emulators, which points more towards, you know, you know, having some sort of software
that runs on those, you know, buy all the old shit all over again, of course played
in it.
I like how they're all, you can play them in the back of like airplane seats or on my
phone that I have or my game device or my tablet or what about, you know, whatever else
because they have emulators for everything.
Computer.
All right.
Um, LOL lawsuits, Ubisoft and game trailers were sued this week over Assassin's Creed.
There's for that email earlier and Assassin's Creed copyright.
Apparently Assassin's Creed stole core ideas from, um, John Bestwinger's novel Link.
Link was published in 20 or excuse me, 2002 Assassin's Creed first came out in 2007.
Now, yes, that's right.
I said he's suing Ubisoft and game trailers now.
Okay.
If you think somebody bit off your game, I get the Ubisoft lawsuit, right?
They, they publish the game and okay, I get that because apparently in the novel link,
his novel discusses assassinations and has spiritual and biblical tones similar to those
in Assassin's Creed.
There's also a battle between good and evil that was stolen right out of every other book.
Apparently the link device is where users access ancestral memories and relive specific
moments in history, much as the animus in Assassin's Creed does.
I've never heard that plot.
I came out with a book with fantasy characters and there's elves in it.
I want my money, but this is great.
By the estate of Tolkien will sue you.
The guy is suing game trailers because of the trailers that infringe on the copyright.
So just for hosting the trailer to Ubisoft's game, game trailers has been looped down.
They're not good.
And that's where this thing went from.
Okay, well maybe too fucking absurd.
Like what kind of 1-800 lawyers representing you here?
5.25 million dollars in damages.
Cessation of further copyright infringement.
The fact you're suing game trailers says you have no idea how the internet works.
Goodbye.
Are we going to get sued for mentioning it on the show?
Oh, Freedom of Press.
Nope, can't do that.
Commentary.
Anyhow, Dark Soccer.
Well, there is going to be Silent Hill Revelation 3D.
Yay!
And it's going to be in the theaters.
Yay!
October 26th, which is my brother's birthday.
Just saying.
I am so excited.
But it will have Sean Bean and Carrie Ann Moss.
And it will sort of follow Silent Hill 3.
Just that it's got Heather Mason in it and their stuff.
I find it fascinating it's most of the same cast from the first movie.
That's great that they were able to get them all to come back.
Yeah, I think that's cool.
Will Sean Bean die because he dies and everything?
I was just going to say that.
Oh, sorry.
But, um...
Don't sue me.
But apparently it's going to have, um, Akira Yamaoka's music again.
And, uh, I'm excited.
I am super, super excited.
But it doesn't say who, uh, it means I'm going to have to go on the wiki now to see, um,
who actually directed it because I don't think it's, uh, Gons this time.
DJ Morpheus in the chat room.
Ann Rice came up with Overly Gay Vampires first, but no suit against Twilight.
Okay, I'm on the IMDB.
I should be offended, but I'm totally not.
That's great.
Okay, I'm on the, uh, IMDB.
And, uh, it said, God, no, it won't load.
Okay.
Does this mean, does this mean OLR field trip?
Yes.
To the movies?
OLR Night at the Movies movie date?
Michael J. Bassett.
Will Dark Soccer and I share a popcorn?
I don't need popcorn.
I don't need corn!
Well, Loki and I share popcorn.
You and I, we can share.
No, I'm not sharing.
Rob Junior Mintz.
All right, we'll share Junior Mintz.
I just want an excuse to put my hand in the box at the same time we hold hands.
Oh, but it's directed and written by Michael J. Bassett and another person.
This is Kit Harrington, who I have no idea who that is.
Some dude whose mom's name is Deborah.
Oh, he's, he's in Game of Thrones.
No wonder, cause I don't watch that stupid show.
What's, um, I'm not going to go into it.
I just, I happen to know a lot of people really love that show.
I haven't watched it.
I'm going to say what I've told lots of people.
I don't give a shit if you like it.
Don't tell me how good it is.
I don't care.
It says nothing.
It's a really good series.
Fuck off.
Dan likes it.
And this is what I, this is what I have to say.
I have to say, just because I don't like something that you like, doesn't mean I'm making a statement
about you don't take it personally.
Or that it's bad necessarily.
Yeah, it's just not something I'm into.
And it has nothing to do with my opinion of you.
If I know that you like it, then I will be quiet and not, you know, shit talk it in front of you
out of respect for my friendship with you.
But if I don't like it, I'm not going to hide that I don't like it.
A lot of people might think Supernatural is the dumbest thing on TV.
And they're entitled to that.
Don't tell me.
I don't care.
All right, moving on.
You know how it is when you say, oh, I kind of don't like this.
And everyone jumps on you.
Why don't you like it?
It's the best thing ever.
I'm offended that you don't like it.
That's how I feel when people tell me they don't like RuPaul's Drag Race.
It's like, okay, hate on Ru all you want because Fifi O'Hara is in the final three.
But seriously, it's the best fucking show on TV.
Shut up.
But you know what I mean?
When people take their shit personally, and it's not something to do personally.
Black Wolf says I take it personally.
Legend of Zaku says King Joffrey will have Jamie's head.
What, after he gets stabbed sitting on his chair of swords?
I don't know.
I don't care.
That's what I call it behind everyone's back.
A chair of swords.
Right.
Moving on so we can get to calls.
Loki.
So, thank you Sega for thinking outside the box with your toilet games.
And now this Super Monkey Ball for the Vita.
It's already out in Japan.
And for a limited time, Sega is offering adult map download codes for those who purchase the game.
And what exactly is that, you may ask?
Well, it is featuring Bikini Model, Yuki Kamamura, and well, you have to roll over her breasts
that protrude all over the place on the map.
Yes, it's like those wonderful mouse pads that you can buy.
You must navigate your monkey ball over a field of breasts.
Well played.
Well played.
Boobies.
I just want to know if it's going to start a new fetish of some type.
And I worry.
I worry for the future.
I think it's awesome.
Well, actually, if you remember, Super Monkey Ball was supposed to have it where you can
actually create maps based off a picture.
So if you took a picture of a banana, it would create a banana shaped map.
So what is the TTP for that game?
How long before we have penis shaped maps?
A half a second, two seconds, a millisecond, a millisecond.
All right.
Instants are instantaneous.
One toa gak in the chat room says, so you move your balls over the boobs?
Yes, just like that.
All right, one more story for you guys.
And guys, we have to end on a good note tonight because this is like a game where you have
this is like the hero of the gaming industry this week.
And we have to end.
You know, we talk a lot of shit.
You know, we commentate a lot on this and sometimes have a very cynical attitude.
But this guy deserves a fucking round of applause.
And we're going to end by tipping our hats to this man tonight.
Who is it?
Katsuhiro Harada.
Do you know that name?
You would if you're a fan of Tekken.
He's the Tekken series producer.
Totally love.
And why is he our hero this week?
Because he's a pimp.
He talked to Edge Online, who apparently has been getting a lot of people this week in
interviews, and he says, well, he didn't say if you are worried about what Capcom is doing,
then don't worry about this.
But he did basically say no Tekken game will ever have DLC characters at all.
Bravo, bravo, bravo, I tip my hat.
No Tekken game will ever have DLC characters at all.
Too bad Tekken 6 was shit, but we forgive you.
We forgive you and stand by your amazing statement.
Now, before you get too excited, he did say vanity items might be added to the game after
the fact and would have a charge.
Like, you know, alternate costumes and, you know, preorder bonuses for that.
But no DLC characters, which is good enough for me.
If people want to play Barbie with their characters and that costs money, then fine.
But no DLC characters.
Thank you.
You know what?
Make sure Tekken 7 is a good game.
You know what's funny?
You're talking about playing Barbies with the characters.
Dan was really into Dead or Alive beach volleyball.
And he would be like, look at this outfit.
And I'm like, oh, you're being such a girl.
I love it.
I love it.
I don't think that's what he was referring to as far as look at this outfit.
It's more like, look at how small this outfit is.
It would just be funny to think about how he got these different outfits.
And I was like, oh.
Skype line's open.
1877 game OLR.
Our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Give us a call.
We got time for a couple of quick calls tonight.
We're running a little long due to the earlier announcement that caused Bobby to run long.
But we will try to squeeze in a few calls here.
Again, 1877 game OLR, our username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
In the meantime, let me try to get to some tweets.
I don't have a whole lot of time, but I'm going to get to these as fast as I can here.
Dark Tetsuya wants to remind everybody about the hunt.
Thank you, Dark Tetsuya, for putting that on at orange lounge radio.com.
I apologize that things have been kind of going to the back burner in spite of everything
else going on with the announcements and things like that.
But if you haven't checked it out, it's a fun little competition.
Dark Tetsuya's trying to get the little scoreboard and get people into it.
It's really cute.
Check that out at orange lounge radio.com.
Piece of advice, don't get eaten by a grue.
So you can guess where the next challenge is probably going.
In the meantime, let's go to some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey.
It's Ranma.
Hey, hey, hey.
What's up?
Not a lot.
A couple of things I wanted to discuss in regards to Paxis because I didn't get a chance
to all last time.
Yeah.
But before that, I just have one thing to say to you, Rob.
Yep.
In the time I've listened to the show, you've worked your ass off.
You've delivered so much.
So I don't care what you say.
You earned that diva fit you made.
You earned that.
I mean, for what you give back and for that one person to say something for you to fly
off the handle like that, you earned it.
This is four-year-old news, Ranma.
This is, we're over it.
That'll probably, you know what's funny in light of all the news tonight about all games
and everything, that'll probably end up being the big highlight of OLR on the All Games
Network.
And between me and Misty, one of us has that episode on our hard drives.
Oh, great.
Misty's getting a present when she comes out here for the 10-year show, by the way.
Oh, wow.
Shit, was I supposed to say that on air?
Oh, well, oops, I did.
I found some old episodes.
So, all right.
Anyhow, what did you really want to tell us tonight, Ranma, about PAX East?
Just a couple of quick things.
One thing was, you know, the portable game, the portable console lounge?
Yeah.
And a lounge full of 3DSs, the Vita stands alone.
Really?
Like nobody brought Vitas or what happened?
It was like one or two people with Vitas.
It was like for every 10 3DSs you saw, you probably saw maybe one person with a Vita.
You know what, though?
It's everybody's trying to street pass, and everybody's trying to clear their queue
for Find Me and everything.
I gotta say, I got a shit ton of street passes at Disneyland this week when I was there.
And yeah, I was able to get all the way to the second to last boss and Find Me 2.
And let me tell you, there's some real bullshit that happens in Find Me 2.
Can I just say?
Who are you trying to kid?
Anyway.
No, no, I agree with you about Find Me 2.
I'm like, who are you trying to kid?
I know, it's kind of getting to the point where it's bullshit.
But I will say this, I did also finish the Kid Icarus puzzle in the little swap puzzle thing.
That's a pretty sweet little 3D image that it's like in motion.
I finished that when I'm still trying to finish up the rest of the puzzles
as I continue to street pass every single day to and from work.
There's actually something I was wondering about.
What's that?
With the lenticular photos that the 3DS takes, Dan's phone takes lenticular photos as well.
I wonder if they would be readable by each other's...
You might.
See what kind of file format it does.
See if you can put it on the web especially.
If it can go on the web and then you can see it in the 3DS browser, it might work.
It probably would.
It just depends on the full frame.
It just occurred to me.
Hmm, play around with that.
Well, anything else, Rama?
Well, I was telling Jamie this last night, but as you know,
the big thing about PAX is the Omega-Thon, right?
Oh yeah.
Well, I am proud to say that one of my very good friends, Tina Lamb,
if I'm not mistaken, first female gamer to make it to the finals of the Omega-Thon.
Good for her.
Did she win?
No, she came in second place.
I had a feeling because you would have said the first female winner of the Omega-Thon
if that was the case.
Yeah, that's too bad.
Wasn't the last game like some type of old school board game with the pucks?
That's what I thought I heard somewhere.
Yeah, and on the ride back from PAX, my Twitter feed was blowing up because
she goes by the name of Porkbun.
So we were like, go team Porkbuns, you can do it Porkbuns.
We were just like going nuts, just rooting for her because we wanted her to win.
But since she came in second from what I was told,
her and her partner are coming back next year to compete again.
Oh, oh, that's right.
The runner-up always gets to compete again.
That's right.
I've heard that before.
Well, good.
And I told Jamie last night, I figured she would like,
she would love to hear an awesome story like that.
Well, one day, I think that we should interview her.
One day, maybe Dark Soccer should be in the final.
Yeah, we'd love to interview her.
Why not?
It'd be fun.
Well, I'll see what I can do.
Yeah, it'd be great.
I'd love that.
All right.
Well, Rama, I got to let you go because we got a lot of calls trying to come in.
So I'll talk to you later.
Okay, buddy.
All right.
Take care, bro.
Stay fabulous.
Of course.
All right.
1-877-GAMO-LR or use your name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Getting you some tweets real quick here.
TigerClaw sends us a couple of tweets.
Sony wants MMO players to meet each other in real life.
What?
Because that always goes well.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, there's been Blizzcons.
There's been Final Fantasy XI fan appreciation events or whatever.
So why not?
Some other type of thing.
But it's not what you think.
Because what this really is, it's a patent that streamlines the process where online
friends in an MMO can meet up in the real world and become friends.
I guess the technology is aimed at getting them together at marketing events.
You get in-game incentives to go to real world events.
I guess that's kind of what you do with, like, the DS.
Go to a Starbucks and get the Nintendo Zone or whatever.
It's just like with Nier.
That's all they're doing is Nier stuff.
Oh, that makes sense.
All right.
Oh, that is.
That is kind of like the same thing as Nier.
I wonder if the Vita could facilitate that transfer.
Maybe I'm thinking a little highbrow.
I don't know.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Oh, it's Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Zaku.
I can see Zaku tonight.
What is up with this?
Because I'm on my Mac, my monitor died tonight.
So yeah, I have a backup.
I would put you on the Ustream if I knew how, but I wasn't prepared to go video tonight.
So whatever.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
Just like catching up on gaming and the, you know, HBO going 360 for non-gaming stuff.
But yeah, mostly League of Legends and Battlefield.
But yeah, it's been either of those two games.
And going on what I've seen in PAX, like in the Portable Gaming Lounge, I'm pretty certain,
I think Adam was right, aside, well, Rama was right in the sense that, yeah, there probably
was a little bit more of a lopsided towards 3DSs.
I mean, don't get me wrong, the Vita's pretty good, especially for Lumines.
But it's like, I would also imagine that not only 3DS would have to, you know, compete
against the same space as folks with iPhones that I saw over there.
Nier isn't also quite the same thing.
Like Nier isn't the same as that 3DS StreetPass.
And I seriously think a lot of those people were just trying to like, I never get to StreetPass
with people.
I have never, ever played Find Me, you know, like, because, you know, a lot of people don't
take their DSs with them everywhere.
But a convention like PAX is a great place to do it.
Even then, there were still folks on their iPads playing, you know, all the other types
of iPad games, you know, not included, you know, not limited to Angry Birds, but...
They were just showing off that they had the fancy new ones.
Yeah, they had their iPads or their tablets.
But it was pretty much like, obviously, the 3DS was like the only traditional game, portable
game console that was represented, but everything else was still mobile.
Like, I even had the chance to break out my, you know, my phone for a bit, but, you know,
battery was getting there.
But you get the idea that it's not just 3DS anymore when you have, like, when you have
mobile, especially...
I'm trying to remember.
I think it was, I forgot which one from Nintendo actually said that he actually liked Angry
Birds.
I thought...
I do remember you reading that same quote, something about, you know, like, kind of tipping
the hats of the competition that angry birds ain't that bad.
And yet he goes against the wishes of his boss who basically throws it, who basically
chides Angry Birds for basically going after their bread and butter.
Yeah, but you know he's played it.
Yeah, but it's like, I guess Nintendo didn't keep these, you know, I don't know if they're
keeping their guys on a PR leash, but that's kind of damaging if the official part, the
official company line is like, we hate casual gamers.
Anything outside of, we hate casual developers.
The guys who, you know, work, you know, the guys who create Angry Birds or any other...
I don't think Nintendo hates casual gamers.
Look at what we just talked about tonight.
Mario 2, who's that really aimed at?
You know, it's kind of, it's a hot podge of the casual and the hardcore market.
It's, you know, the Nintendo fan market.
It's like that whole platform where people could just, you know, buy like a developer
license for two, you know, developer, an iPhone developer account for 200 bucks and make an
app that they sell for two bucks a pop and make like, you know, hundreds of thousands
in profits.
Where meanwhile, folks who are doing the same for 3DS have to go through the licensing fees
and they're lucky to even, you know, to break even.
I guess my point is that with these platforms that have very little overhead, it's a lot
easier to create breakout hits for audiences that Nintendo may or may not pick up due to
the, due to them not taking that many risks.
I cannot, you know, go back to the fact that I hate to say this, but most of the Japanese
developers are not that much of a risk taker.
Whereas...
That is true.
What did we just talk about with Konami?
Absolutely.
I mean, whereas the Western counterparts, at least they understand that if they don't
innovate or they don't take risks, they're pretty much, they're dead in the water.
And some have, some have lost big, unfortunately.
And that's why we hear about these studio closures and so on.
Sako, I got to let you go so we can get some more calls, but I'm glad you had a good time
PAX East.
We'll hopefully see you next year.
Definitely.
Later, buddy.
That's always fun to get video.
1877 game.
Well, you know, I have an option on here to answer with video on Skype, but they would
just see our little chuzzles that we're showing on Ustream.
I don't want to break Ustream either.
So, all right.
Anyhow, 1877 game.
OLR username is coming in, but there's a call coming in right now.
So let me go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Sold.
Oh, thank God.
It's Porkchop.
How you doing?
Hey, Porkchop.
What is up?
Yeah, I've been trying to get through all night.
I lost the shoutcast feed, so I have to switch between Ustream.
I'm doing everything on my Android.
So it's good to finally actually get through and start talking.
So...
Yeah, what happened wasn't ideal, unfortunately, but it is what it is.
We all, but...
Yeah, I know you guys are having the night from hell and it's supposed to be really nice
since you're kind of moving on and that kind of thing.
So it's got to be a pain in the ass.
Yeah, it is what it is.
You know, the beautiful thing is, you know, we still have a fair amount of people connected
to the Ustream.
You know, it might not be quite as many as are usually there on all games, but we have
a pretty fair amount, you know, connected right now.
And that just shows that even in a night, our listeners are so awesome that they would
just like follow us to, oh shit, the stream, go to Ustream?
All right, we're there.
And look at you, you're like juggling your Android and you're trying to go to Ustream
back and forth just so you can call.
It's great.
And it's not the case tonight, it's the morning.
It's like five o'clock here.
I have a lot to do tomorrow, but I decided to, you know, dedicate it at this stage.
I really enjoy the station, so...
You guys are dedicated.
Yeah, why not?
I wish I could tell you that the show was going to be on earlier in the future, but
that's not the case, I'm sorry to say.
I don't care.
I love it.
I'm still listening.
And I actually wanted to say that, you know, I was going to ask, what was so bad about
Tekken 6?
I mean, it wasn't all that bad of a game.
Apart from the whole, it's been chopped and changed a bit.
I can understand that you don't have, you know, go get your characters anymore.
But I actually enjoyed it.
I'm just wondering, and I know Dark Sakura, you make a good point in saying, you know,
oh, jump on it if people kind of make a thing about it.
I'm not being like that.
I'm just wondering what you thought was actually, could have been better about it, I guess.
If, to be fair, I may not have given it the best chance, to be fair, because Alan and
I rented it from, you know, one of the online games.
Come here, Alan.
What didn't we like about Tekken 6?
We tried to play it one night because Alan's like a Tekken fan.
I've always been a little more into the Capcom games, but as of late, I'm about ready to
jump ship.
But we were just kind of playing it going, this game's kind of, we're not, like, we're
just not into it.
Like, I don't know what it is.
Alan, do you, can you explain?
Yeah, we did story mode or whatever for, with a few characters.
And it's like, we didn't really recognize the roster.
And there were a lot of characters, but no one felt interesting.
And we played story mode a few times and beat the end boss.
And it's like, this isn't really compelling us.
It's kind of, I don't know, average.
It's that-
I can kind of see where you're coming from.
I mean, first and sole caliber, to be honest, because you play that in, like, a few hours
you've done.
But I mean, the arena mode is very lacking.
You just go into scenario, you play through with these guys.
And even though they're already in the fucking other modes, like, you can just play straight
away, it still gives you the option to go get them.
And then you can play through, oh, you can get the random movie.
But again, you can just play a load of matches until you actually get those.
Like, 10, every 10 matches you got, like, an ending or a scenario movie, whatever.
I think you make some good points.
But as a big Tekken fan, I mean, graphically, it was great.
And they kind of introduced some weird characters.
But I mean, I think they did okay with it.
And Tekken 7, yeah.
I mean, and I'm a fan of Capcom, don't get me wrong.
I like their games, I love their games.
But, you know, let's hope they get better.
And as for the DLC, that's great news as well.
I will say this, I am super curious, especially in light of the DLC news.
You know, we did get Street Fighter X Tekken.
But remember, they're supposed to be a Tekken X Street Fighter as a part of this.
Namco is going to get their chance, too.
So I'm really freaking curious.
Like, I kind of hope that's one of the things that's coming out at E3 this year.
Uh, you know, to get the first look at is the Tekken X Street Fighter.
What is the other half going to look like?
Because remember...
Yeah, I lost. Sorry, go ahead.
No, I was just going to say, there was always Capcom versus SNK was a huge, huge, huge game.
Well, there was also SNK versus Capcom that wasn't bad.
It just didn't quite get that same, you know, didn't catch on.
I wasn't a big fan.
I like the Capcom SNK games, but the other one, that's vckos, wasn't it?
Yeah. Oh yeah, as vckos. That's right. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that was, I didn't really like the look of it.
It looked very, you know, I was kind of like, you know, let's push the envelope.
Yeah, but it didn't look great.
I didn't really, you know, fall into that side of it.
Again, I had a point to make. I can't remember.
But anyway, yeah.
Well, let's hope that, I mean, I saw the box art for Tekken X Street Fighter, whatever it was.
Um, I think it's going to be a pretty cool game.
While in our chatroom, let's hope they don't fuck up like Capcom did.
Leave the shit on the disc, you know, hackers gonna hack and all that.
Yes, sir.
Wylund in our chatroom says Tekken X Street Fighter is 10% complete. Wow.
Got a ways to go.
By the way, I would like to point out that my personal favorite in the Tekken series was Tekken 3.
Me too. Absolutely.
Absolutely. Yeah, Yoshimitsu never looked cooler.
So he stuck through there to the next game, Street Fighter X Tekken.
I think he looks the same as far as I remember.
I used, I'm sorry, go ahead.
I used Jin and they changed his moves as of Tekken 4, which he had like my favorite
Jun moves and all the rest were Kazuya moves and I was in love.
But yeah.
I actually like both. I mean, I think it's cool that, you know, because Kazuya was in
quotation marks dead, you know, that they actually stuck Jin in and said, okay, well,
here's his illegitimate son or whatever. But the whole, I hate my dad thing then in Tekken 4.
Um, yeah, why not?
I think, I think the karate kind of looks cool when he does it.
But again, you know, you don't want too many characters with the same moves.
You got, hey, Hatsune Kazuya, you're pretty much the same.
Um, yeah, so it's fresh. It's new.
It worked. I think it worked for me anyway.
So, I mean, if you like it or not.
All right. Well, Porkchop, I got to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But I appreciate you sharing your perspective.
There's nothing wrong with a friendly little talk about what games we do and don't like.
So Porkchop, take care, buddy.
And thanks again for staying up late.
Absolutely.
Keep the dream alive, guys. All the best.
Take care, buddy.
I was going to say that the reason why it's only 10% done is because they're working on,
you know, Tekken Tag 2 right now.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
That's coming up this year.
Yeah, it's going to come up on multiple consoles this year, isn't it?
Yeah.
So, all right.
Um, let me burn through.
We're going to close the Skypline.
I'm sorry to those that didn't get through.
Uh, very sorry.
Please consider sending us an email.
Mailbag at orangelawandtrader.com.
Again, the show is an ending.
It's a very important point.
The show is an ending.
So we'll have a show just like always next week, especially podcasties.
If you're listening on the podcast feed, you're going to be like, oh, next week?
Like, same show, but I'm just hearing some slightly different websites given and some
different, you know, things that will slowly unravel itself throughout the coming year.
Anyway, um, back to some tweets.
Tiger Claw also tweeted us, new Facebook lawsuit highlights trouble with kids and virtual currency.
Oh, God.
I can only imagine just that how the kids can just rack up all this money so easily.
It's kind of sick.
But yeah, another complaint was filed against Facebook with the US district court.
According to this link, the tire costs on us at Gama Sutra.
This isn't the only instance of companies getting in trouble over minors purchasing
credits for social games.
A US district judge upheld a handful of claims that Apple distributed free iOS apps that
trick children into money in app purchases.
Children are allowed to do Facebook accounts from the age of 13.
However, if you're under the age of 18, you're supposed to ask for your parents permission
before buying Facebook credits.
I'm surprised it's just not shut off altogether.
Maybe that's considering that you had to put your credit card information in.
I believe that if you're 13, you don't have a credit card.
How hard is it to open mom's wallet?
Well, then that's a problem with fraud.
And they should throw that kid in jail.
Throw the kids in jail.
S.J. 100 Matt says, hey, remember Para Para Paradise?
Yeah, fuck yeah, I love that game.
Well, a new Para style arcade machine is coming out soon.
And yes, it has Gaga.
Oh, because every, every freaking music game these days has to have Gaga.
Don't get me wrong.
I love Lady Gaga, but damn.
Dancecore is the game.
I guess it's coming out.
He links us to a little YouTube of somebody playing it.
It just looks like it's going to be on connect.
Maybe not in this country, but it'll be connect.
But they say, yeah, they say in the article, it's more closer to Para Para Paradise
than it is like DDR or Dance Central or anything like that.
Or maybe Dance Masters, because that kind of had a lot of power in it.
But anyway, um, that's really, I think that's going to do it for tweets tonight.
Thank you guys for sending us tweets, twitter.com slash O L R.
So we've got to wrap up the show.
We've got to, um, wrap it.
Oh, wait, I did.
I got one last tweet that came in.
Let me read this one from gamer girl.
I have a question regarding GLBT.
I know someone who is bi and they want to come out.
So to speak, what is the best way to do so?
Oh, he turned the knob, opened the door.
Here we go.
Um, I know there's a lot of, you know, obviously I'm speaking as the gay guy on the show.
I know there's a lot of society pressures that come with like coming out and all that stuff.
And sometimes it's one of those things people kind of feel like they kind of have to do
to get it off their chest.
I really truly believe a person should not feel like they're forced to do it until they're ready.
Because taking that first step to really like come out to yourself
can be one of the hardest things you have to do in that whole process.
So, you know, don't ever feel any pressure that you do, or you don't have to do anything.
You know, for your friend, whoever your friend wants to love is their choice.
Whoever your friend wants to have a relationship with is ultimately their choice.
You know, that's a private matter that is public when you want it to be public, your friend.
So, um, they want to come out or whatever.
What's the best way to do so?
You're gonna, you need to tell the people that are closest to you.
True friends are not going to turn the other way.
Some may kind of say, you know, I'm always kind of suspected,
but it doesn't really change anything.
I had the really good fortune that when I came out, everybody was supportive.
There was very few people that I got into shit with.
And anybody that was a problem, ain't in my life anymore.
Bye, you know, but there's been a lot of great people that
most people I know just don't really care.
And I think that's, that's fine.
I will say this that most of my friends that came out and told me, I was usually like, duh.
Um, the fact that it's bi and not gay can be a really tricky line to walk as well.
And you know, that could be a lot.
You know, this could be somebody who's still questioning in a lot of ways and says,
maybe I'm having these type of tendencies, you know, or whatever.
All I'm saying, don't ever, don't ever feel like whoever you are,
you have to pigeonhole yourself into one bucket or another or whatever.
Just love somebody.
And you know, my best, preferably yourself first.
Yeah. Oh yeah, absolutely.
Starting with yourself, accept yourself and everybody else will come easy.
That's the best advice I can give. Love yourself first.
Then those closest to you and your true friends will show their colors.
Now, now can I say the witty thing?
Yes.
For the ones that come easy.
Some people are easy.
Stop.
All right.
Um, that's it.
That's it for tweets.
That's it for Skype calls.
That's it for the show.
Thank you guys for staying up late with us on what has been a very interesting
episode of Orange Lounge Radio and a new chapter starts next week.
And can't wait to tell you all the details a little later.
We'll stay tuned to our Twitter feed, twitter.com slash olr, our Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, our website, of course, orange
lounge radio.com.
All the details in the coming days will be on the website.
That's all I have to say for now on that.
Anyhow, everything else about the whole situation will be in the podcast
feed.
We're going to replay the call that happened with Bobby, and I think
everything else we have to say on it is all contained in there.
In the meantime, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, your final thoughts tonight.
This is really strange, but there was this kid, because I took Josh to the
park today, practicing his unicycle, which begged the question.
If a bicycle can be shortened to a bike, would a unicycle be a eunuch?
My final thought is.
I feel like I felt this weekend that I have a lot of drama in my life
right now, but I feel really good tonight.
And I want to thank all you for being a part of that dark soccer, because
people will shoot me if I don't say it.
Reject false icons.
Have a wonderful night, everybody.
We'll see you next week.
Somewhere.
Have a good night.
Until then.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not
necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or
allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
