Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody, here to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, February the 10th of 2008.
We're going to get back into the gaming news in just a moment, but we're really looking forward here in Part B tonight
to trying out a brand new game here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're very excited to test out a new game. We're going to be playing that a little bit later.
Yes, I'm keeping it a secret what it is, but don't be worried if you weren't picked to play in tonight's game
because everybody in chat has a chance to play and win tonight.
It's amazing!
But here's the thing, if you were listening right at the end of Part A, even the podcast folks,
we asked a trivia question, and the trivia question was which one of these games is this music from?
And the three answers you could pick from was A, Nightmare on Elm Street, B, Halloween, or C, Friday the 13th.
So we'll give you a little hint, we're not going to tell you who won just yet, but we will tell you the correct answer was C, Friday the 13th.
So if you didn't guess Friday the 13th, sorry, you're not going to be picked tonight,
but you will get a chance to play in the chat room, so all hope is not lost.
You may still win either a copy of Res HD or if you don't have an Xbox, one of our other prizes from our new prize table,
I'll talk about a little more later, but if you did say Friday the 13th, you might want to stay by your phone.
Alright, but in the meantime, we're going to get back into some gaming news, right, Loki?
Yes, Fooling at Home, it's been available on PCs for a long time and just not really that recently, but on the PS3 as well.
Now they have hit one million users actually, at least on the PlayStation 3, so that's pretty awesome.
One million consoles contributing to a cure for cancer or God knows what else they're doing.
Calculating votes for the 2008 primaries or who knows.
Making a better caffeine molecule.
Better caffeine molecule.
That is something they need to work on actually.
Finishing Duke Nukem Forever.
That is also something they need to get to working on.
Also mentioning the PlayStation 3, which Fooling at Home appears on, there's a brand new Japanese PlayStation 3 that's going to be coming out very soon.
It's going to come with a 40GB hard drive and a 6-axis wireless controller.
It is the Satin Silver PlayStation 3.
It comes out on March 6th.
It will cost you 39,980 yen.
If you want to translate that into U.S. dollars, that's 376 U.S. dollars.
So it's the Satin Silver PlayStation 3.
So that should be interesting, I guess, if you like different colors.
Of course, everybody in Japan loves different colors.
I guess.
People were hoping that it was going to be coming out with the DualShock 3 in there as well, but nope, Sony's smarter than that.
They're like, hahaha, no, you have to buy that controller, bitch.
Alright, well that's really all there is.
PlayStation 3 in a new color.
How this is news, I don't know, but it is.
So there you have it.
According to EGM's Quarterman rumor column, in their March issue they talk about how that God of War Chain of Olympus, or Chains of Olympus,
will be heading to PlayStation 2.
Of course, this is a rumor, but seeing their trend so far with, I don't know, Twisted Metal Head On, Ratchet and Clank Size Matters, stuff like that,
it's not going to be too surprising if they port the PSP game to the PlayStation 2.
And hell, it will sell a lot of copies, so not so surprising.
Oh, and Silent Hill Origins, that was another one that was ported from PSP.
In other Sony news, Flow will be making its way to the PlayStation Portable,
and it comes out on March 6th.
The game is coming out from Super Villain Studios,
and yeah, I don't know why, though, you would want to get this when it's probably going to cost you more than it did on PlayStation 3.
How much is it?
I don't know, it doesn't have a price yet, but...
Oh no, you're going to get it through the PlayStation Store, so I guess it is the same.
Yeah, it might be the same price.
Oh, then never mind.
But what a pain in the ass to buy something on the store and then transfer and all that stuff, you know?
I haven't actually touched the PlayStation Portable store yet.
I haven't even looked at that, because I know now they're starting to re-release...
It's where they're starting to put full PlayStation Portable games on there now.
Huh.
Like, they had Wipeout, Pure you can download, and a bunch of other stuff, you know.
Well, because they figured that everyone else is already downloading stuff.
Yeah, everyone else is already downloading it.
So let's join the party and charge for it, and no one will still buy it.
I don't know, it's a cool idea to have original games on there, but you know...
What they need is a link to actually be able to view that store from the PSP.
Because, I mean, as far as I'm aware, now they don't.
And I don't remember the URL for it, so...
I ain't buying anything from it.
And there's a bee in here.
Ah, that's scary.
I think.
Is that a bee?
No, it's just a fly.
You sure?
Yeah, it is.
That's pretty big for a fly.
I'll take a look at it.
Are you scared?
Yeah, I'm just saying, you know.
Oh my god, there's a bee.
Well, Loki, you do news.
I'll take care of the bee.
Anyways, another game that's going to be coming out here for the PlayStation 3 also is going
to have...
It's a fly, Loki.
Don't be scared.
Oh, well, you've grown big here.
Yes, we do.
Just like Devil May Cry 4 that had a mandatory install, or not really mandatory, I guess
that one was more of an optional install.
Hot Shots Golf 5 in Japan right now has a 5GB, that's kind of ironic, install before
you can play the game.
And, of course, this is probably going to be on the US version, the Hot Shots Golf on
Tour, is what it's called, or Out of Bounds.
And that kind of sucks that this trend of now these games having to be installed, I
guess that's why you need your 80GB system, or 40GB, or whatever, to install these damn
games.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
But, you know, well, again, to play Devil's Advocate, I suppose a little bit, if the PlayStation
3 is supposed to be more like a computer, then we shouldn't be surprised, right?
Yeah, but I'm still kind of a little frustrated at the fact that, you know, consoles like
the Xbox 360, you don't install games like this.
I mean, they have...
The only game I know that you install stuff to it, actually there's two.
I think there's a Football Manager game in the UK, and then there's also Final Fantasy
XI, but, you know, you have to install it on every console, so that's not a big deal.
But it's just all because of that Blu-ray drive being slow, so that kind of sucks.
Alright, well, you know, on a smaller scale, Sony is doing these preload things as well.
It's a brand new Monster Hunter game.
It's Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G is coming out, and what this has in common with the
last story is that you actually have the option to copy what's on the UMD to your memory card
on the PSP, and that will decrease load times.
So it's kind of the same concept, however, we should emphasize it's optional here and
not required, which makes sense, because there's PSPs out there, you know, where your memory
card might be very small.
Like mine, I only have like a 32 megabyte memory card, because I bought mine a long
time ago.
I bought the PSP a long time ago before they started, like, coming with a gigabyte memory
stick.
Yeah, it's...
I don't know.
I think it's funny, though, that you can install it to the PSP memory stick, and yet all this
time we've been trying to stop people from installing it to their memory stick.
Oh, how they're so ironic.
Another thing that's ironic is a PSP exploding in your pocket.
Is that a PSP in your pocket, or are you just really happy?
Apparently, a student was hospitalized after suffering leg burns from a PSP.
He had a third-party battery in his PSP and apparently charged it up, and the battery
exploded.
It's also...
I kind of feel bad for the guy, I mean, it doesn't sound like he did anything wrong.
It does suck.
It does suck.
At least it wasn't a Sony battery, because that would be bad.
Or did he do anything, maybe?
I don't know.
No, he had the system turned off, and it was in his pocket, and he was in the middle of
band practice when all of a sudden it melted through his jeaned pocket, sending him to
the hospital with second-degree burns on his leg.
That sucks.
Yeah.
So, I don't know, luckily my PSPs aren't bursting into flames there.
Wow.
Well, it's time to move on into another segment here we like to do on this show pretty regularly.
Every week we like to hear from you guys and your emails that you send us at mailbag at
orangeloungeradio.com, and we open them up and read through the emails in a little segment
that we call The Mailbag.
Going to chat real quick though, I got to say this, we've got to read these comments
here.
SHJ100Matt says, I smell lawsuit.
Do you think so?
Do you think?
Maybe from the battery company, but I hope it's not, you know, they don't try to sue
Sony.
It's not their fault.
It's the fault of the battery manufacturers.
Oh, there you go.
All right, well, let's dig into the mailbag here and see what folks have to say tonight.
Again, it's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We'll read this one first.
This comes to us from, we'll call him Nathaniel P, I guess is the name based on the signature
there.
Dear cynical and acromonious cast of, I totally mispronounced that word, of Orange Lounge
Radio, acrimonious cast of Orange Lounge Radio, I'm a varied gamer when it comes to my playlist
and currently I've been playing Guitar Hero 3.
Though I am also varied when it comes to my music, I listen more to classical orchestrated
symphony type music.
One of the few rock bands I find enjoyable are the fine gents of Rhapsody or Rhapsody
of Fire.
I was hoping if you knew whether any of the band's numerous songs would ever appear in
any Guitar Hero 3 downloadable content packs.
I don't think we've heard anything like that.
I don't know if you're going to see much more independent music come out in these packs.
Usually that's something that kind of happens towards the end of the cycle than so much
in the beginning.
Personally, I would expect a rock band to have more of a chance for content like that
since they actually release stuff on a regular basis.
Now here's what the band should do is they should look out for chances.
I don't know if you know these guys personally and trying to get them a plug on the show
or whatever.
If so, good job.
One thing these guys could do is maybe try to contact the folks in Guitar Hero 4 because
I want to say I saw a story earlier this week that I don't think made in our show world
tonight, but some indie band out there spilled the beans that they were going to be in Guitar
Hero 4 and posted this entire probable song list from the game.
I think it kind of made a lot of people go, I don't know about that, a little apprehensive
to call it actual news, but certainly Guitar Hero always has like 20, 30 independent songs
in there.
I would say go for Guitar Hero 4.
The band will get out there more that way.
This email comes to us from PKJunior92 and sends us this, Hey, I have just two questions
or comments.
First is directed to Loki and it's about the Eye of Judgment bet.
It's just not possible considering the caliber of the game, and I don't think ratings are
in negative numbers, to reach one million ever.
If you want to make it more reasonable, make it 500,000 copies sold, even though it probably
won't sell more than 350,000.
Loki is too safe and I think he knows it.
Anyways, here's my second question.
Well, before we get to his second question, I think that was the whole point behind Loki
taking the bet in the first place.
As much as you chatters want it, Loki does not want to come here and dress in a tingle
outfit and set the Eye of Judgment on fire or whatever we talk about here.
Right, Loki?
You don't really want to do that.
No.
Yeah, because you know people will take screen caps on Justin.tv and it will be all over
the internet the next day, right?
That's fine, but I mean, and I understand, I don't think it's going to hit 500,000 either,
but you know, I've already reduced it so many times, you know, lifetime of, you know, ever.
The bet was a million, and that was to Loki prove a point that the game will never sell
at all, and he was going to pick something completely, you know, obscure that he would,
you know, something completely insane, I don't even know where that bet came from, to do
if it actually did that, so.
It's kind of one of those, like, when pigs fly, the game will sell a million copies,
so when Loki puts on a tingle suit, the game will sell a million copies.
Here's the second question from pkjr92, um, sure, anyway, here's my second question, why
all the hate towards the Playstation 3 with the exception of Loki?
Sure there is almost no support from Sony, but if you have a high def TV, the games look
amazing.
Now I realize that not everyone has a nice TV, but the games still have the ability to
be more in-depth than Xbox 360 games, and the Playstation Network is free!
How about that?
Yeah, but you get what you pay for with the Playstation Network, unfortunately.
I think you kind of said it yourself in the wording, you said, but the games still have
the ability to be more in-depth than Xbox 360.
But aren't.
But aren't.
That's the part you didn't say.
But aren't.
Yet.
I mean, sure, the Playstation 3 is capable of a lot.
Let's see it!
Let's see it!
You know, home, little big planet, that kind of stuff gets us excited, you know?
I'd be pissed if I had to pay for Playstation Network, because it's seriously not worth
my time, I would say.
I try really hard to not bag on Sony.
I think I've given the PSP a lot of slack, and you know what, it's really come a long
way, I think, since the release.
But the Playstation 3, you know, it really needed to be... it wasn't first out there,
it really needed to be something great on day one, and it just wasn't.
So that's that.
He also wants to say, by the way, thanks for broadcasting on Super Bowl Sunday, considering
not everyone is in love with football.
However, the Stanley Cup Finals are a totally different thing, pretty much all of Canada
watches.
Well, sorry for going on and on.
You know a lot of Americans watch the Super Bowl, though, we are in the minority of not
watching it.
In fact, I believe this year's Super Bowl was the second highest rated American television
thing ever, behind the final episode of MASH.
But keep in mind, the final episode of MASH aired before there was cable and stuff.
So no broadcast network thing is ever going to do that well again.
Anyway, you want to say something, puppy?
I was just thinking that we don't broadcast from Canada, so...
That is true.
I don't even know when the hockey season ends or starts, so...
Hockey's pretty fun, though.
One of these days I'm going to get Melody to take me to a Sharks game in San Jose, well
let's see.
She gets season passes and all that stuff.
All right, anyhow, let's move on.
Let's go to another email.
This one comes to us from Sakura Max.
Hi, OLR, you people have influenced me to make an OLR Dragon Force movie contest.
We thread on OLR website, and that would be at www.orangehonchord.com.
You record footage of you playing your favorite games and play Dragon Force in your video.
It was influenced by the Yaris video and your mentioning of Dragon Force, hope it goes well.
For those who might be new to our program, we said that you can make a bad game even
better most of the time by putting Dragon Force music to it, because Dragon Force is
just that awesome.
And so some of our listeners have taken it upon themselves to do this, and now Sakura
Max wants to make a little contest out of it.
I say go for it.
It's pretty awesome.
I don't know what we can contribute for prizes.
Maybe we're trying to reserve some things on the prize table for something else, but
maybe we can dig up something.
So participate.
And a complete side note, Dragon Force sucks ass live.
Really?
Yes, they do.
When did you see them live?
I didn't, but I know they are.
I heard on the radio that they were going to be playing live at some event coming up
in like two months from now in Sacramento.
So I just decided, oh, hey, I'll see what they sound like live, and went to YouTube,
and was terribly disappointed.
All right.
Well here comes the next email, one of two remaining emails we're going to read this
week.
Sorry if we didn't get to your email, but we got a few this week.
This comes to us from J-Rod.
I think this is a Loki hate mail.
Oh crap, oh crap.
Good times.
Let me back away.
I love these emails.
All right, here we go.
I just wanted to write in, nah, it's not really a hate mail.
I just wanted to write in and completely put over Loki.
There's anger and cynicism on the show not only make for hilarious radio, but most of
the time echo my own thoughts.
All right, I was lying.
It's not a hate mail.
Quite a few times though it seems like he's very out of place, because Rob and Jamie are
pretty optimistic people, and it's usually silent after one of Loki's rants.
Not one of those let him have the stage silent moments, but an uncomfortable what's this
guy's deal silent moments.
I was surprised to hear that Loki and Sky used to room together.
I was just so interested in the relationship between all you guys, because you seem so
radically different.
But say you.
So are you just an angry person who rants all the time?
I'm not an angry person.
Yeah.
No, something you guys should know, in the time that I lived with Loki, it's not like
he goes around in his personal life and goes, oh my God, what the hell?
Very much.
I mean, he does once in a while, but only when super bacon baking goes wrong.
I don't bake super bacon anymore.
You did back in the day.
I do back in the day.
You know it.
Well, the way, obviously, I think I've told a story on the show before, but to go back,
remember Orange Lounge Radio History, when we started this show, the first few years
that we were doing it, it was all about DDR and music-based video games.
That's because Loki, myself, and Dark Sakura all met at an arcade playing DDR in the local
Sacramento scene.
We used to play together with some other folks and go out to dinner afterwards, to this restaurant
that was right across the street from Golf Land.
And so we wanted to kind of create a show that had that feel of going to dinner and
talking smack about games and talking about the community or what have you.
It's kind of, I guess you could say it's a spin-off of another show I used to be on,
Understation Live, which is a very similar kind of vibe.
So that's why we're here.
And Loki and I used to be roommates because there was just a point where Loki was looking
to move out the same time I was, and it just made sense.
So there you have it.
As far as us being silent when he does rants and things, you know, sometimes there's just
no way to respond.
There's no way to respond.
Also, I have to be honest, I'll let you in on a little secret, we have to multitask like
crazy to make this show happen.
I mean, keep in mind, relatively on this show for a live radio program, there's not a lot
of dead air.
And keep in mind that when Jamie, myself, and Loki are all here, we're juggling from
story to story, trying to kind of glance at the parts of the story we actually want to
read on the air.
We're trying to read the chat room.
We're trying to, you know, bring up everything.
So sometimes we can't totally focus on what's being said.
So sometimes I kind of get in that mode where when Loki rants, I just let him rant.
I go, okay, Loki's ranting, you know, just kind of let him do his thing.
Because it is insanely funny to listen to and the listeners love it, so why not, right?
Sure.
Everyone loves Loki.
And in terms of multitasking, Loki's still doing that now.
Yeah, he's playing his fucking game while I try to do the mailbag.
I am contributing to the show, okay?
I am talking.
It's just, it's been the black circles, only two keys, and I can do that with one hand.
Alright, one more thing in J-Rod's email that I think is great, unfortunately Jamie's not
here to see it.
She said, also, I attached a picture I took before I went to see Rambo that you guys might
like.
Awesome show and keep on rocking.
And J-Rod's signature as always.
This email is sponsored by the Olive Garden, home of the never-ending salads and breadsticks.
And here's the email in front of the Olive Garden.
There is who I assume to be J-Rod wearing a Silent Hill shirt.
I actually own that exact same Silent Hill shirt.
That's awesome.
And I hope Pyramid Head was going to go in there and cut up some pasta for you guys to
have.
By the way, F-you to the Olive Garden for getting rid of the dish I like there, the
Tuscan chicken dish.
Oh, oh no.
Ah, they got rid of it.
They have a new thing that's pretty good though.
And I don't want to hear from the listeners that go, Olive Garden isn't real Italian food.
I know.
It's not.
You win.
It's not real Italian food.
But you know what?
Some days you feel like, like some days you feel like a gourmet burger, right?
You want to go to Black Angus, right?
Some days you feel like McDonald's.
I say the same thing with Italian food, okay?
And unless you have Italian parents, you're not going to get real Italian food.
Probably not.
Or an Italian grandmother, honestly.
Yeah, I came from that kind of a family, so I know what Italian food is.
You had a nana?
Oh yeah, my grandma, she spoiled me and my brother.
Alright.
Not just with food.
Alright.
Oh, buying you video games and stuff?
Oh, of course, yes.
Alright.
One last email here, and it comes to us from Gray Fox.
Hey, OLR gang, first of all, I would just like to say that it's cool that Rob and I
are now officially friends on Facebook.
Now I can look at all of his sexy pictures without him even knowing.
Hey now.
Whoa, did I say that out loud?
Haha, just kidding.
I'm not that creepy.
I think you are a little bit.
Actually, no, I'm kidding.
Anyways.
Oh my god, I'm as bad as Loki.
I was wondering if it was possible to listen to some of the first episodes you guys recorded.
The podcast feed only lets me go back to listen to October 2005.
Actually, it does.
I didn't even think the podcast feed went that far back, unless you've been listening
that long, because usually the podcast feed only keeps like 20 shows.
That's it.
Also, I really like Dark Sakura's classic Game of the Week segment in the show.
I think that it is good to pay respect to our elders, as Rob puts it.
I loved Batman for the NES back in the day, but I'm not sure if it would have quite the
same appeal now.
Batman was a pretty awesome game.
It was one of the better movie to video game games.
Recently I stumbled upon the Lego Star Wars series for PlayStation 2, and I can't believe
how much fun it is.
Really good party game that is really easy and even hilarious at some points.
I highly recommend it for anyone that just wants to have some good old fashioned fun.
Last comment, I'm thinking about purchasing a PSP, but was wondering if Loki knew if it
was worth installing custom firmware on it, or if I can run homebrew on it without it.
You have to put a custom firmware to run homebrew on it.
Thanks and keep up the great work, Gray Fox.
P.S.
I hope another fly lands in Rob's coffee, because that was friggin' hilarious.
Oh, and say no to exploding babies.
Thankfully, the fly problem in here seems relatively taken care of, except for the one.
There was the one.
There was the one.
He was flying around here earlier, and he flew in front of my face.
He's not being too annoying as his brothers and sisters were a few weeks ago.
Relatively the fly problem's been in check here in the studio, and I think that's as
it's been getting warmer outside.
So there you have it.
The other question was about the old episodes of the show.
You know, at this time we don't have any of the really old shows posted.
I'm going to be honest, most, some of them are lost and will probably never be heard
again unless some of our old listeners who used to record happen to have them.
I know one for sure is gone.
It's really old.
It's like episode 80-something, I think.
But a lot of the old shows we do kind of have, but our problem with distributing the old
shows is this.
We used to play music during the breaks on the old shows, and so for us to like sell
DVDs or whatever is kind of difficult because we had the music during the breaks, plus the
show really wasn't like what it is now.
I mean, if you think we get off topic now, you should hear the old show.
I mean, my God, it was a mess.
In a good way.
It was a fun mess, you know, but it was much different.
So if, I think it's kind of one of those things where I want to let true, and I'm sure
Loki and Darkseid were, we want to let true fans of Orange Lawns Radio who like our band
and stuff, we want to let them hear it, but we don't want to put it out there so much
that people are going to hear that thinking that is Orange Lawns Radio today because they
would be like really off.
So does that make sense?
And back when the studio was like a six by six foot square box.
Drunami says in the chat room, the old OLR was a great clusterfuck.
Yes it was.
I don't know, maybe like in the forums or on the LJ community or something, I'll
put an old episode, or Facebook for you obviously, I'll put an old episode up there so you
can kind of taste what it's like.
And I know like Misty and DDR Angel when she was around, she hasn't been around a lot
lately, but I know both of them really keep a lot of archives, so I'll try to put up
an episode that even Misty doesn't have and everybody will like that, at least those
that want to hear it.
So there you have it, our mailbag.
If you want to send us some emails, mailbag at orangelownsradio.com.
So if you're a member of Steam, you have a lot of other friends that are going to
be on there of course, because Steam has hit 15 million accounts.
That's quite a lot, and of course lots of good content that they have on there and they
keep adding more stuff.
So apparently Valve had a lot to do with it, their Steam-based sales have jumped 158% over
the holiday season compared to the previous ones, so that's pretty awesome.
Definitely a viable source for gaming.
I still have yet to even check out Steam.
Have you ever used Steam?
Right.
I don't know.
Like I buy games.
Oh, stop.
Yeah, and you're going to get in trouble for that someday, but you know, what about its
other elements?
Like doesn't it have like the XFire thing built into it too where you can message across
games and stuff?
Like I like XFire, it's pretty cool.
The NYR fam loves Steam in chat, he says Steam is the best, it kicks games for Windows apps.
I'm not saying I have pirate games on the PC, I haven't bought games on PC in a long
time because up until recently I haven't had a PC that can run games.
The last game I bought on PC was Final Fantasy XI, so it's been a while, I mean I guess crisis
since that came out, well that came with my graphics card though, but it's still, I'm
looking forward to some stuff coming out like Spore and stuff, I'll buy that.
Alright, well let's go over to the Nintendo Wii because we haven't been showing Nintendo
a lot of love tonight and I want to talk about some stuff that's coming on the Wii soon and
that is everyone's Nintendo channel.
You might remember this came out in Japan a little while ago and it was kind of like
a preview channel.
You could check out some new games that are coming out, now not that you really download
full demos and stuff, but you get interviews, basically it's one giant infomercial of a
channel, but the big thing was the DS downloads, that you could get, you could get DS demos
beamed to your DS, and the question was, when in the hell is it coming to the US?
Well the answer is, about next month.
That is coming from an insider source reporting to Kotaku, who ran the story earlier this
week.
I'm not surprised.
The channel will be home to some of the same sort of video game videos that you see on
Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
Convention videos might actually start popping up on the channel once it goes live in the
States.
I'm assuming because like Penny Arcade Expo is up in that same area where Nintendo of
America is, maybe that's one you can expect to see?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I wouldn't be surprised because I want to say March is also the estimated time for when
the WiiWare channel is going to launch, and I bet all of this is going to be documented
when they, I don't know if they have a keynote at, I want to say at the Game Developers Conference,
which is, God I think that's next week or the week after.
It is.
Sadly I'm not going.
I don't think any of us are.
And I know talking to some buddies over All Games or at least listening to their shows,
All Games Interactive, our friends over there, only Jessica is going, and Bobby B's not going
this year.
Yeah.
Which is kind of too bad.
It's, you know, I would love to go, but.
Well, it's not really a media event.
You know, it's not E3, and I think a lot of people get that confused and they expect the
big announcements at Game Developers Conference.
It's not really for you, it's for developers.
But you may, but sometimes because of that you get new engines, like we talked about
last week, the Crysis 2 engines that we showed you.
You get to get little peaks from a developer angle, but that's really it.
And also you get to see stuff like you might not normally see.
Like I'm expecting them to talk about WiiWare since that makes sense from a developer's
standpoint that they would want to address that stuff.
Also there's rumors that, you know, that Microsoft is going to have something similar to like,
you know, a YouTube of gaming type thing that they may discuss too.
You'll see announcements like that, you know, talking about their network upgrades and crap
like that.
So that's what I'm kind of excited for, and god damn seriously Sony, I mean, the PlayStation
Eye have seen a lot of those cool things that they're showing off in their blogs and stuff.
Start implementing some of this stuff.
I mean, they have really good ideas, but they're just kind of like, look what we can do with
this!
But we're never going to use it, so fuck it, you know, come on!
All right.
I want to say really quickly before we get to the next story, TigerClaw is in chat and
he's a big listener over at AGI.
In fact, I think he came to our show because of all games and our syndication there.
He says Jessica's bringing the Justin cam with her, he thinks.
So that's kind of cool, if she's taking that cam with her.
Justin TV is a great way to get that.
I wish we were able to go more mobile with Justin TV.
I think we can, because we have a laptop and camera, it's just difficult.
You know, it's not easy.
Because they're not together.
Well, you know, you can get the cameras loose.
Well, most people put the camera in the backpack, or I mean, put the laptop in the backpack
and have the wire sticking out and put the, I mean, you can do it with that eyesight because
that eyesight pops right out of the base, so you could just strap it to a helmet.
We could do it, but it's just, it's hard.
And it wouldn't run for very long on that laptop's battery either, because the laptop
doesn't function when it's closed.
I don't know if that's a setting I can change on there, but oh well.
It's not worth it.
Do you really want to see us out and about in public?
I don't think so.
Let's have our privacy.
Maybe.
Mine works with the thing closed.
Ah, don't, don't, don't give my ideas.
I'm just saying, all right.
A game I wasn't too hot on, but a lot of other people were, Drawn to Life.
THQ has announced that it's going to be coming to the Wii, which is cool.
I mean, it was a neat game, I guess.
I just probably need to play it a little bit more, but it's a game where you can draw your
own character.
Fortunately, it's not a magic pen gel or graffiti kingdom, because, oh god, I love those games.
Those games are endless possibilities, endless possibilities, especially when you're drunk.
It's just like, oh god, and you can have Red Blob versus Blue Blob, Penis versus 2DX controller,
you know?
It's hilarious.
Good times.
Good times.
All right.
Before we get into our next news story, we're going to be getting into tonight's new game
very soon.
And as I mentioned, the entire chat room has the possibility to participate, but you have
to participate through private message.
During tonight's game, the chat room will be locked, and you will be unable to speak
in the chat room during the game.
This is to prevent cheating from you guys for helping each other out.
So you have to play this game through private message.
So if you are interested in playing tonight's game, you have to send me, and just in TV
chat will not work.
You need to be in chat.orangeandraday.com.
If you are interested in playing tonight's game and possibly winning the prize tonight,
which is Res HD or something else if you don't have an Xbox 360, just send me a private message.
I'm Skye in the chat room.
That's S-K-I-E.
Send me a private message that just says, me, or I want to play.
Me.
Okay?
Send me a private message if you want to play, and we'll let you know the next part very
soon when we reveal what we're going to be playing tonight and the contestant who's going
to be coming in over the phone.
So while you guys send that in, I've got one more story for you guys.
Nintendo has apparently revealed that they have sold 10 million virtual console games.
So even if you think that, okay, so 10 million, the lowest price somebody's paying for those
is five bucks, that's $50 million they've earned on the virtual console games, considering
most of the stuff was written off, gone, we're never going to profit off of this stuff again.
So there it went in free money, basically, from the virtual console, and Satoru Iwata,
who's of course the president of Nintendo, talked about that this is proof of the value
of digital distribution, however, not totally discounting the retail channel, saying that
the retail channel is still important, but also admits that retail is not quite as profitable.
It's low profit margins on the box titles.
So could Nintendo be stepping more and more into digital distribution?
Who knows?
Possibly quite soon.
Yeah, not any time soon, because they're freaking slow.
Where are they going to put all those digital downloads on the box?
You can't digitally download a Wii remote or a balance board and all that crap you got
to buy.
Before you get to your story, Loki, I want to say, for those in chat, if you try to do
a private message conversation via DCC, it will not work.
The DCC client that's built into MIRC, you need to do it another way.
Look at Dark Tetsuya's post in chat.
He shows you guys how to do it.
So please get to doing that.
Tomitsu Magazine had some details on the brand new Mario Kart Wii.
It's going to sport 32 courses, mid-air tricks, and of course, Mii integration, which sounds
pretty awesome.
They're going to be remaking, I know, some of the tracks that were in Mario Kart DS,
as well as pretty much all the Mario games.
Of course, they are saying that 16 of the tracks that are going to be from other games
and the other 16 are brand new, although I wish there were more brand new tracks and
less of the repeated tracks, but whatever.
12-player online matches will also be available, and you'll be able to play 4-player split
screen, and I think you can play 2-player over online, too, so you can do 2 people per
console as well.
Ghost downloads, time trials will also be available, and you can also, of course, choose
a bike or a kart.
I wonder which version of Rainbow Road they would use, because there's quite a few.
And you know if they don't do Rainbow Road just right, people are going to be pissed,
so we'll see.
All right, you ready to get to tonight's game?
Yay!
All right, well let's get to tonight's game.
By the way, you only have about 15 more seconds to send me a private message or you are out.
You cannot join the game midway through.
You are out if you don't send me a private message, okay?
Time is almost up.
However, we need to get one contestant on the phone, so hopefully if you answered Friday
the 13th in our thing earlier, you might want to stand by the phone, because it could be
ringing right now.
Let's put in the number of our contestant.
Live radio folks, sorry for any delays or dead area here.
Here it goes, it's ringing.
Hello, is this Tiger Claw?
Yo, what's up?
Hey, it's Orange Lounge Radio.
Guess what?
Yeah, I think I know.
You think you know?
That's right, you're going to be playing a game with us tonight.
Tiger Claw, it's a brand new game.
What do you think about that?
Oh, exciting.
I know, it's very exciting.
How would you say your knowledge of video game trivia is?
Well, I would guess so and so, considering that I've been around since it was invented.
Do you think that, were you playing Pong back in the day?
Yeah, my first video game was Pong, and after that was the Power 2600.
Awesome, well then maybe you have an advantage.
Do you think you know enough about video game trivia that you could beat the entire chat
room at video game trivia?
Maybe, I don't know, I didn't play every single video game that's out there.
That's not a game show answer.
That's not a game show answer, you're supposed to say, fuck yeah, I can beat them.
I could see what I possibly know, man.
I know.
He sucks.
Well, you know what, Tiger Claw, I hope you can do it, because tonight we are going to
be playing a new game called One vs. the Chat Room.
That's right, it's a take of another popular show that you might be hearing on the television.
One vs. the Chat Room, so here it is.
You're playing tonight, Tiger Claw, to win a possible copy of Res HD on the Xbox 360.
Do you own an Xbox 360?
Of course.
Alright, do you have Res HD?
Nope.
Oh, then you know you'd be perfect for winning this code, but here's the thing, Tiger Claw,
if at any point during the game, we're going to ask you some questions, if at any point
during the game, the Chat Room beats you, we're going to give it to one of them.
By the way, chatters, if you don't have an Xbox 360, or you already have Res HD, we're
going to offer you something off of our brand new prize table, and tonight, since I know
you guys all have PCs, we're going to be giving away, if you don't have Res HD, we're going
to give you a brand new PC game from our buddies at PopCap, who sent us some PC games earlier
this week, so everybody has a chance to win something tonight, even if you don't have
an Xbox 360.
Let me explain how the game works.
Everybody that's in chat, pretty soon, the chat is going to go into lockdown, you will
not be able to speak publicly within the room, it's going to get very quiet in there, you
will only be able to play this game through private message.
I'm going to be asking Tiger Claw multiple choice questions with three possible answers.
You will have about 30 seconds to send your answer to me via private message, then Tiger
Claw will answer the question.
If he gets it right, anybody in chat who gets it wrong will be eliminated and will not be
able to proceed any further in the game.
Anybody who gets it right along with Tiger Claw will go to the next question.
If Tiger Claw gets through five questions without the chatroom beating him, then he
will win the game.
If, however, at any point, and it could be on the very first question, if at any point,
even on the very first question, if he loses, those that got the right answer will be eligible
to win the prize we will pick one of the chat chatters randomly to win the prize
so we'll kind of explain that a little more as we move through it let's see how
many chatters are actually playing tonight want to see how many chatters we
have and who you're playing against? Tigerclaw? Probably the entire chat room. Just about I
hate to say it we have just about the entire damn chat room we're playing
against tonight let's see we got Rama that's one, Frisbee two, RosteelUT three,
GS 191 four, GS 68 five, Junami six, PK Runo seven, Amaze Atsuma eight, SJ 100
Matt nine, Solarwing ten, Dark Tetsuya eleven, Ryoma twelve, Cheeseburger thirteen,
Act F fourteen, Trishlicious fifteen, Kevin DDR sixteen, Son of
Dad seventeen, Zeni eighteen, Seed Store nineteen, Raven's Dolphin twenty, and AJ Mix twenty one. So it's
you versus twenty one people think you can do it? Well I'll give it a try. All
right you got to do your best that's all we ask so everybody in chat wish each
other luck we'll give them just a minute to do that okay and here we go the chat
room is now locked nobody will be able to tell type in chat and help each
other out let's get to the very first question an ops you have the power to
override that but I asked for your silence during this time because the ops
in our chat have the power to override that like Rama and them but I asked for
their silence again you will only have a little bit of time to send your answer
you ready for the first question yep all right here you go Tiger Claw question
number one the category is classic sports game classic sports games in what
8-bit sports game was Gradius featured as a minigame is it a blades of steel B
double dribble C RBI baseball again here's the question Tiger Claw don't
yell it out until I have a chance here to share this with the chat in what
8-bit sports game was Gradius featured as a minigame is it a blades of steel
B double dribble C RBI baseball okay we'll take a little musical interlude
here while we let the chatters submit their answer chatters you have about 30
seconds to get your answer in okay wait hold on Tiger Claw
okay Tiger Claw here's the question one more time in what 8-bit sports game was
Gradius featured as a minigame was it a blades of steel B double dribble C RBI
baseball what do you think hmm let's see I played all those games before and
well you know what Tiger Claw I'm so sorry I forgot to tell you you do get
one little lifeline so to speak you know lifelines in the game shows I totally
forgot about this part if at any time you are unsure about an answer you can
have us eliminate one incorrect answer because I will tell you two people from
the chat room and how they answered the question and you can help make your
decision from there so just you only get one of them through the game though so
if you're unsure I just wanna let you know you have that so Tiger Claw though
sorry to interrupt but what is your answer a blades of steel B double dribble
C RBI baseball hmm okay I'm going to have to take one of those lifelines oh
you're gonna have to take all three of those games before okay you played all
three of those games you don't remember Gradius being a minigame I don't think
so we're talking we're talking the NES game that's right is there NES games
alright so you want to use that lifeline yeah it could be all over right here
alright here we go we're going to eliminate one wrong answer from the
board I'm going to tell you two answers here one is correct one is incorrect
here's some answers from the chat room Rama has said that the answer is blades
of steel frisbee has said that the answer is double dribble one of those is
right one of those is wrong RBI baseball is definitely wrong it's out so RBI
baseball being out in your lifeline gone what do you think blades of steel or
double dribble okay I'm going to go with blades of steel all right the correct
answer is blades of steel is the correct answer so congratulations Tiger Claw you
move on and let's see how many people you knocked out you knocked out frisbee
we know that you knocked out GS 191 you knocked out GS 68 you knocked out solar
wing sorry guys thanks for playing though and you knocked out act deft you
knocked out son of dad you knocked out zenny you knocked out Ravens dolphin
and that's it so we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 people left not bad you
took out eight people on that first question nice job all right are you
ready for the next question sure I am all right here we go question number 2
is in the category of Super Nintendo shooters which of these games was known
in Japan as area 88 is it UN squadron flanex or our type again the question is
which of these games was known in Japan as area 88 UN squadron flanex or our
type the chat room will have just a moment to submit their answers let's
give them some thinking music to do so we're gonna be so sick of this fucking
song by the time the night's over
okay all right hold on we got to give a chat this time
all right here we go Tiger claw which of these games was known in Japan as area
88 was a UN squadron flanex or our type the answer would be UN squadron UN
squadron yes all right let's take a look the correct answer is UN squadron is
correct good job Tiger claw two for two good job let's see let's go check the
chat room see who you knocked out let's see ooh lots of people doing very well
amazed that suma's out sorry buddy and let's see who this must have been an
easy one I believe cheeseburgers out he said see Trishlicious I'm sorry you're
out although I love that name all right so now we're down to one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten you've gone from 21 to 10 not bad Tiger claw
you ready to do it one more time all righty here we go here is question
number three and it's in the category the Legend of Zelda which one of these
is not a monster name in the Legend of Zelda is it a gliok b aquamentis or C
kraken which one of these is not a monster name in the Legend of Zelda
charem has a few minutes to reply
you
this would benefit so much more from color with color commentary from Bob
Saget it would this game needs more Bob Saget I'm the best you get sorry I have
a name close to Bob all right anyhow all right charem you really really got to go
here we go ten second warning and Tiger claw which
one of these is not a monster name in the Legend of Zelda is it a gliok B
aquamentis or C kraken okay since I played Legend of Zelda 1 and the third
one SN yes I'm gonna have to probably say C kraken all right C kraken first I
have to eliminate two people for not submitting on time so sorry ryoma and
sorry Kevin DDR you didn't get your answers in on time so you're already oh
ryoma just barely got his in he's back and here we go the correct answer is
kraken is correct good job let's see if you took anybody out I think that was an
easy one personally three you've got it Oh pikaruno didn't get it sorry you're
out he said aquamentis which was one of the bosses in Zelda seed store also said
aquamentis sorry buddy you're out AJ mix also said aquamentis sorry you are out
as well all right so now the mob is down to six people Tiger claw you're doing
awesome this is my best all right kraken by the way was one of the elementals in
Final Fantasy and our next question is all about Final Fantasy you ready Tiger
claw oh that's gonna be tough yeah sorry buddy we wrote it before the show all
right here they are here's your question in which Final Fantasy game was there a
character named Ferris was it a Final Fantasy 4 B Final Fantasy 5 or C Final
Fantasy 9 again that's a 4 b 5 or c 9 and the character's name is Ferris let's
give the chat a chance to think
I need I need the full soundtrack to this show I think yeah there's a
different song for when they were doing the well I only have the one so shoot me
we just started off by saying what versus fine one versus six here it is so
somebody's walking away with the prize one of these seven people is gonna win
the prize Tiger claw it's time in which Final Fantasy game was there a character
named Ferris was it a Final Fantasy 4 B Final Fantasy 5 or C Final Fantasy 9 I'm
gonna have to say Final Fantasy 9 all right let's see if that's the correct
answer the Final Fantasy game that had a character named Ferris was Final Fantasy
5 I'm sorry Tiger Claw you have lost to the mob in the chat room this is where
the mob cheers I'm sorry Tiger Claw you did very very well though this is a very
hard game for the person in the hot seat to win I think you should be very proud
of yourself okay hey no problem not too familiar with Final Fantasy that's why I
come it was a toughie we tried to do some one sports oriented one you know
so there you have it so Tiger Claw we will give you a chance so is there
anything you want to plug here on the air while we got you on the line oh no
I've been listening to you guys ever since I heard you from all games back in
the day so I've been listening to you to your show ever since all right well on
Tiger Claw thanks for supporting us we really appreciate it and did you enjoy
the game at least did you have fun well yeah all right I sure did all right
there you go now for your consolation applause yes your consolation applause
every Tiger Claw a round of applause for trying all right Tiger Claw we gotta let
you go have a good one buddy all right thanks and you to raise you now the
chatters are wondering which one of us is gonna win it alright so here we go
let's see who is gonna be knocked out we have that person moves on that person
moves on that person moves on that person moves on that person all six of
them got it right in chat I think we should narrow the field a
little bit you want to narrow the feel a little bit while one more question I
I think so, all right, fine then.
We'll narrow the field a little bit with one more question.
All right, in order to do that,
we gotta put this in moderated mode again
so they can't cheat.
So some poor people were just trying to chat.
Here we go.
Here is the fifth question.
All right, the fifth question is in the category
games Rob hates.
And I didn't have the question fully typed out.
Hold on, somebody fill time for just a moment here.
What games do you hate, Logie?
I'm hating this level of spin black circle.
But...
You've been going at this one level for like 15 minutes.
I got close to the end too, it's pissing me off.
I hate, oh gosh, I think,
I don't know, anything Barbie.
You need to be more that Velociraptor.
Here we go.
I know.
Here we go, we're gonna eliminate a few more people here
on this question for games Rob hates.
Okay, in the game Bubsy, have you ever played Bubsy?
Unfortunately, yes, and Bubsy 3.
Oh, I'm sorry for you, okay.
Here it is.
In the game Bubsy, which of the following
did you collect for points?
Was it A, cheese pieces, B, yarn balls, or C, leaves?
I actually put one, two, three in chat,
but it shouldn't be that big a deal.
Okay, was it cheese pieces, yarn balls, or leaves?
I remember this one.
See if we can get it right.
God, I wasn't part of the mob, if you think you're that.
You could be a, maybe an accent,
you could be a special guest celebrity on the mob.
Bob's that, could you do the special and you're not sure.
All right, all the chatters are in, cut off the theme.
All right, thank God.
All right, let's see, let's go through one at a time
to see who got it right and who didn't get it right.
Let's see, all right, wow.
All right, the correct answer in the game,
Bubsy, which of the following did you collect for points?
It was not cheese pieces, it was not leaves,
it was yarn balls, is the correct answer.
He's a cat.
And how many of the chatters do you think we eliminated?
None.
None.
Damn.
None of them, it's all six.
So, Puppy, I need you to pick a number, one through six.
I'm gonna do, oh, I should've brought out my dice.
Oh, you're gonna roll a dice.
Yes, because I hate picking random numbers.
It's between Ryoma, Dark Tetsuya, SSJ 100 Matt,
Drew Nami, Raw Steel, UT, and Rama,
is what's remaining in our chat.
All right, here it goes.
All right, here it goes.
What's it gonna be?
What did it hit?
Four.
Four.
Our winner tonight, boys and girls,
of one versus the chat room, SSJ 100 Matt, give it up.
Woo!
A winner of trivia and luck.
Exactly.
So, I'm asking SSJ 100 Matt if he's gonna take
the ResHD code.
I seem to recall last week he didn't want it.
Okay, he wants the other prize.
So, SSJ 100 Matt, coming to you very soon,
you're gonna be getting a copy courtesy of our friends
at PopCap Game, Bejeweled 2, the hit sequel to Bejeweled.
Now, this is the full version.
This is not the crap, oh, I shouldn't say the crap version,
but the reduced version that you play online.
This is the full version of the game,
and if you're kinda thinking,
well, I don't really want Bejeweled 2,
this will make an awesome Valentine's Day gift
for somebody as well.
My wife loves some Bejeweled 2.
Exactly, the ladies love Bejeweled.
So, Bejeweled comes to us from our friends at PopCap.
Four different modes of play in this version.
It'll keep you going for hours and hours.
Classic mode, action mode, puzzle mode, endless mode.
Enjoy, there you have it.
So, there you go, SSJ 100 Matt wins Bejeweled 2
courtesy of PopCap Games.
What'd you guys think, chat room,
did you guys like that prize,
or did you guys like that game?
Was that fun?
I hope so, did you guys think the game went well?
I think it was cool.
It was fun?
Yeah, our first run it went pretty well.
I don't know how much it's gonna translate
to the podcast where people can't play,
but I think for the live listeners, that was a lot of fun.
For the folks on the podcast.
Well, it's just as much fun as watching a game show on TV.
Yeah, I'm hoping for the podcast listeners
and the folks listening to all games,
they could kinda like think in their mind
like how they would've done.
Like maybe they could've had the chance
if they were here live on Sunday night.
You know everybody that watches the game show
thinks they can do better than the person on TV.
That's always the way it is.
All right, Peter Uno says,
I didn't know any of the answers.
He did pretty well, he says it was fun though.
Dark Knight says it should make it its own show.
Peter Uno says, make a Bimani edition.
Who knows, Son of Dad says
more fighting game questions needed.
Ryoma says, more trivia.
All right, well, I'm sure that segment
will make a comeback in a future edition
of Orange Lounge Radio.
I hope you guys enjoyed that.
All right, that's it.
We're gonna go to the Skype line very soon,
but quickly, another couple stories for us.
Well, Bandai Namco is definitely taking
a different approach for games.
For the DS, they're releasing a game called 99 Tears.
It is basically 99 different stories
that you'll read that are very depressing
that are supposed to make you cry.
Because apparently they think
that it's very therapeutic to cry.
And that gamers have emotions.
It's providing with sad graphic novel
to read for 15 minutes at the end of each day
with a brief questionnaire following shortly after.
The result will help you move closer to the story,
which will make it more effectively tug at your heartstrings
and further from respect of your brothers
on the wrestling squad, as Joystick likes to put it.
I wanna play this game and I'm never gonna cry.
Maybe that should be a challenge,
like make Loki cry.
Oh, it'll never happen, this is gonna be crap.
When was the last time you cried?
Do you cry, are you a crier?
Real men cry, you can cry, it's okay.
I don't remember.
Oh, okay.
I don't wanna ruffle the personal life feathers,
but I'm just curious.
All right, me, I cry at every sad movie.
Hell, I think I watched an episode of Wife Swap
the other day I cried at it, okay?
It doesn't take much.
All right.
Lastly tonight, before we get to the Skype line,
the Sega is going to be bringing a brand new game
to the Nintendo DS and it's very similar to one of their old cult classics, The Typing
of the Dead. However, the new game they are bringing out, The English of the Dead.
The English of the Dead.
First word you will learn, brains.
The British of the Dead.
The interesting thing though, it's House of the Dead 2, but ported to the DS. And what
you have to do, you have to translate words into English from Japanese or the zombies
will eat you. Sometimes the zombies speak out loud and you have to translate what they
are saying. So that's going to be all kinds of things. I'd like to see how that plays
out. Do you have to write it out? Because sometimes those handwriting recognitions suck.
I said blue!
Exactly. I wish this game would come out the other way around. Japanese of the Dead. Maybe
learn some Japanese or some other languages.
English of the Dead.
English of the Dead.
Grammar of the Dead. I bet Jamie would love that if she was here. She suggests a proper
grammar game or something. Which actually was not proper grammar in me saying that.
Oh well, who cares? Maybe I need to play it.
Sounds like a lot of fun stuff coming out. We're going to open up the Skype line for
your calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Quickly though,
any last minute stories from Loki?
I have a few actually. Already it's confirmed that there's going to be a Professor Layton
sequel because the game manual says there's going to be a sequel and it will have a code
in it that you use in the first game or something.
Shane has been talking to me about how wonderful Professor Layton is all week long.
What the hell is it?
It's like an adventure game.
It's a logic puzzle game for the DS.
Yeah, it's like an adventure game with logic puzzles and stuff like that.
Apparently there's going to be no Nazis in the Lego Indiana Jones game. You have no Nazis
in Star Wars either.
Your faces are going to melt then.
Well they're going to have some unnamed bad guys.
I want some melting Legos in my Indiana Jones game.
They've replaced them with anonymous genocidal occultist trench coat wearing master race.
Well I want the anonymous genocidal occult trench coat wearing bastards to have their
faces melt.
Let's go to the Skype line. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
GS68.
Hello GS68. What's on your mind my friend?
I have some good news and bad news regarding 2D exit Sunnyvale Golf Land.
2DX at Sunnyvale Golf Land, one of our local arcades. Got some attention lately. Somebody
wrote an article about classic arcades or something.
You know who that guy was too.
Yeah, I can't believe I'm plugging it here on the show. But I will point out how convenient
that the person used the arcade they used to go to all the time in that article. I'm
sure it was a real challenge to write it. But anyhow, GS68, what's on your mind regarding
BeatMania Golf Land?
Good news, we have 2DX DJ Troopers as of this week.
Nice. Maybe I'll have to go play. But what's the bad news?
Is it broken?
The machine is unlocked well ahead of what it's supposed to be in Japan and that means
you're planning on going in or between now and most likely May. You can't take pictures
of the machine.
You can't take pictures? How are they policing that?
Good question. I'm not sure.
You can't. You don't usually see that in arcades where you're completely banned.
That's just challenging.
Wait, is it a location test?
For real. Okay, here's how you're going to do it. GS68, I will tell you how to get around
this right now. I even have this on my cell phone. You get one of those phones that records
video.
Let me get the camera phone.
Yeah, you get a camera phone and what you do is you kind of stand next to the machine
and you hit the record button and then you pretend you're talking on your phone while
you're recording the screen right there. That's how you do it. Easy as pie.
And then it'll be up on YouTube and somebody will get shit in their pants.
Well, I just sent you a link via a private message and that explains why we can't take
pictures.
Here's the thing. Usually it's the new songs people want to know and stuff. Are people
not allowed to write the songs down and then post them on the internet?
I think it'd be like the fact that the machine is unlocked well ahead of schedule.
Yeah. Let's see. I'm looking at the post here on our friends at Bimani Style. The distributor
has asked that no pictures or videos be taken yet due to the fact the machine will be fully
unlocked with all hidden feature songs per my request and as a present to all the players
at Sunnyvale Golfland. This is about three months ahead of Japan and we cannot have secret
stuff leak on the internets so please people assist me with the small task of not allowing
pictures or videos to be taken yet. Do they have a big sign hanging by the machine or
anything? I don't know if you've been.
No. Like, I went this Saturday and I pulled out my camera and then one of the players
told me not to take pictures.
Interesting.
And so they're self-policing it?
Most likely. Maybe. I mean, I wonder if I can talk to them about like having them put
a sign in, like maybe set up a security camera. Like, in a sense, they're breaking their
own rule.
I don't know. For me, this sounds like a challenge.
Well, I mean like facing away from the screen.
Hmm. Interesting. Well, I mean, I know you didn't write the policy GS68. I'll stop grilling
you about it. I think it's very interesting so thank you for bringing it to our attention.
I'm kind of curious. I'm curious to see how long they can actually keep it a secret because
in a way, that's a challenge to some people.
Yeah. Plus, I can imagine like some guy going to the, some guy who's never played a single
Bomani game, going to the arcade and they're like, hey, this machine looks really cool.
And then they snap a picture and post on the internet and then the offline gets in trouble.
So it says no pictures, but can you just go and write down all the stuff on a pad and
paper?
I know. That's what I don't know.
Or you could just walk over to it, walk out to your car, write stuff down, walk back up,
walk out to your car. I mean, this is stupid.
Loki and I view this as a challenge. It is a challenge. I mean, when somebody says don't,
you want to do, although I understand, you know, I, in the community maybe just doesn't
want to spoil or whatever, you know, we should probably shouldn't be spoiled sports. Honestly,
I'm not going to get to Sunnyvale Golf Line anytime soon anyway, but I do kind of want
to check it out. I haven't played a arcade Beatmania game since E3 when they had the
machine there that one year randomly. That's the last time I played it. So.
I don't remember the last time I played Beatmania. SSJ 100 Matt in chat has a good point. Most
people on the forums will say Pics or GTFO.
Alright, fine. We'll get Pics. I'm not opposed to getting Pics.
Alright.
With the ban me from SVGL. Oh no.
Who knows?
What's ironic about this is that, like, even if we, this game's not supposed to be in the
U.S., so we're not allowed to take, so we're supposed to not allowed to be taking Pics
to begin with.
You mean it's not even supposed to be in the U.S. to begin with. I guess that's true.
I mean, well, we had the U.S. location test, but that failed.
Alright, well, I'm waiting for the next story where somebody gets beaten up in the parking
lot over taking a picture of this game.
GS68, we got to let you go to get some more calls, but thank you so much for your call.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
It's just, boy, it's just something else. And by the way, speaking, because we were
talking about the article here, I'll help our little friend, my bestest friend in the
whole wide world who writes these articles.
If you ever want to do one on Roosevelt Golf Land, here's what you just have to write.
It stinks.
There you go.
It's a perfectly, wait, would you, would you agree with that review?
Yeah, I think that's accurate.
Wholeheartedly concur.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who is this?
Hey there.
This is Let's Have Tea.
Let's Have Tea.
Let's have some tea and chat a little bit.
What is up, my friend?
I just wanted to plug the game Psychonauts to anybody who hasn't checked this game out
yet.
I know it's kind of old, but I finally got a chance to play through it, and it's well
worth the $15 on the marketplace.
I was going to say Psychonauts is available to a whole new audience thanks to its backwards
compatibility on Xbox 360, and I believe it's in GameTap's library, so some people playing
it that way as well.
So you could, don't tell me you can't play Psychonauts due to lack of availability.
It's out there, right?
Right.
It's definitely out there.
What makes Psychonauts so great?
I'm a big adventure games fan, and it's pretty much the first, like, adventure game that's
really got my attention since, like, Mario 64 or Banjo-The-Zooie.
Is it, I hear a lot about the sense of humor in this game.
Is it the sense of humor that draws you in?
Yeah, the game is seriously, just ridiculously twisted.
You infiltrate the minds of a lot of really interesting characters, and a lot of them
are in, like, a loony bin, so there's a lot of weird stuff going on.
I didn't see a lot of this game, so maybe I need to take your advice and go check it
out.
It was actually played by somebody else, but it was, I didn't see a lot of the story, I
just saw the actual game, and to me it was kind of like, oh, I think I've kind of seen
this game before, but you're saying, no, it's worth a second look, it really stands out,
right?
It's definitely worth it.
Let's say they make a Psychonauts 2 someday, which with all the cult following you never
know.
What do you think, what would you most like to see in Psychonauts 2?
Well, in the story of it, they totally opened it up so that there's a possibility, but really
just the way that Psychonauts 1 worked out with the sense of humor and the way that they
were able to develop the different abilities throughout the game, usually in sequels they
aren't able to rebuild abilities like that.
Like if you take Banjo-Tooie from Banjo-Kazooie, it's hard to add even more to the game when
the original game limits what you do by the moves that you have.
That make sense?
Yeah, no, it does.
I'm just reading some comments from chat as well, because there are lots of people passionate
about Psychonauts as well.
Hikaru Uno, he's one of our listeners who lives in Japan currently, he says, I want
Psychonauts but I can't get it because I'm in fucking Japan, making reference to the
fact that the region is different and you can't get it on the backwards compatibility
there.
Son of Dad says, I bought Psychonauts at Blockbuster for $6.99, suck it Xbox Live Arcade!
So yeah, if you can find the old Xbox disc, you can play it with backwards compatibility
as well, so either works.
Yeah, it's also a PS2 and PC game.
It's everywhere.
No excuses for not playing this game.
It's all over the place.
Alright, well Let's Have Tea, thank you very much for what we'll call the not quite classic
game of the week, because it's not a classic yet, but it probably will be in a few more
years.
Not yet.
Let's Have Tea, I have one more question for you before we let you go.
Do you really like to drink tea?
Absolutely not.
I knew it!
Maybe it's Mr. Tea.
Are you more of a coffee drinker?
I'm not really into any of that, I just thought it was a clever name and thought it was funny.
Well you win.
It is pretty funny.
Especially when you consider you don't like tea.
Even I like a little tea here and there.
Alright, well Let's Have Tea, thanks so much for reminding us about the greatness of Psychonauts.
Have a great one, okay?
Yep, have a good one.
Later.
Alright, we can do a couple more calls, I suppose.
Oh!
Skype wants us to rate the quality of that call.
How was the call quality?
Would you say five?
Very good?
Four good?
Four or five?
I'll give it a four, because I've had issues on other calls.
I'm like, does he want us to...
I'm not sending the whole thing, Jesus.
I know, it's like, now answer thirty more questions.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, hey, hey, it's Ron Ma.
Actually, this call is a two.
I like that it...
Darth Tetsuya says, rate the callers.
Maybe one night.
Like, we ought to give an incentive for the really good calls one night, like, one night
we'll do nothing but phone calls, like, the really good phone call we'll give something
from the price table, or something even better, I don't know.
Alright, Ron Ma, what's on your mind tonight?
Not too much, but to comment on GS68's call, if they don't want people to be taking pictures
of what's coming out, when you put out these press releases, set it up in a way that you're
not really revealing much of anything, but still, when you say not to, people are going
to do it anyway.
So, hey.
Well, wait a minute, though.
The press release doesn't have really anything to do with this.
The distributor turned on some type of cheat in the game that's not supposed to be on.
But my thinking is, is that, what's to stop anyone from Japan doing the same thing this
distributor did?
Am I right?
You're right.
Hmm.
I don't know.
Maybe there's something about it I'm not getting.
Maybe it's through the whole EMUs thing or something, so I'm sure somebody's going to
say something nasty to me about it, because I'm uninformed.
It's just, they have all the songs unlocked, and Japan doesn't have them all yet, and normally
Japan's the one saying, hey, look at my song, it's unlocked, and everyone's like, oh, which
is over here?
It's like a play, too.
But, yeah.
Well, isn't it true that-
So, you know what?
It's our turn.
That's what I want.
I want you to get the first dibs on everything.
Well, isn't it true that American versions can't get EMUs because they're not in Japan?
That would seem likely, because the IP address-
Things that would have to be unlocked by EMUs wouldn't normally be available here, so they
just have to open it up.
So if they can unlock everything here, and we don't get EMUs, that just means that they're
plain assholes for not unlocking it at all.
All right.
Well, Konami does have a record.
Kevin DDR in chat says, no one knows how.
Somebody does, obviously, because this machine's added done to it, but I get what you're saying.
I bet it's up, up, down, down, left, left.
Nobody who can spread the word knows how, I guess.
Rama, what else is on your mind?
Anything else?
Not much.
Like Irene said earlier, I went to a Ren Faire this weekend, and out of all my costumes,
I found one that would be perfect to blend right in.
Okay, but I just have to give a little background, because the Ren Faire thing came up during
our bonus segment, which the podcast people don't hear.
So podcasters just know we were talking about the Ren Faire earlier in the show.
It's not completely out of place, this comment, because that would probably be very random
if you were listening to this with Not Life.
But Rama, so you're saying you found the perfect Ren Faire outfit that's, what, a good blend
with video games, a blend with this show, or what?
Fun with video, fun with video, fun with video, fun with video, fun with video, fun with video.
This call is a one all of a sudden.
What the fuck was that?
Rama, your call went into the, he went into the loop.
What the hell was that?
I think you got sucked into Tron.
I don't like it.
That was like a, it was a Rama remix.
Do not adjust your iPod, we heard the same thing.
Alright, that's for our candidacy to put into the second mix then.
I guess so.
DMN, make a song out of that.
God, no, no.
Rama, I'm sorry, let's say, a good fit with our show or video games or what?
A blend with video games.
Now, what is it?
Black Mage.
Nice.
Did you wear your Black Mage, you have a Black Mage outfit, did you wear it?
Yes I did.
Awesome.
Did you get a lot of people coming up to you wanting to take the old picture?
Yes, yes I did.
Did you take pictures with large-breasted women in corsets?
I decided to keep those pictures to myself, okay, at those Ren Faires, you know, the Las
Vegas rules apply.
What happens at Ren Faire stays at Ren Faire?
Damn right.
That's right, you're not allowed to take pictures of the women in corsets and put them up on
the internet or the SVGL management will get very mad at you.
But some people actually thought I was Vivi from Final Fantasy IX.
Well, because Vivi does look like a Black Mage, I can see that.
And here's the best thing, someone walked up to me and said, you're Orko from He-Man,
aren't you?
That's awesome.
Black Mage does look like Orko, what can you do?
After hearing that five, six times, I said, the next Ren Faire I'm going to do a Jedi
and I'll do Orko, see what happens.
Nice.
Well, Rama, glad to hear you had fun at Ren Faire.
Maybe next time you and Callie will take Irene to one together, okay?
Or maybe you should take her.
I probably will.
I think she sent me a private message with one that she wants to go to now, but I've
been too busy doing the show.
Let me look actually real quick while we're on the subject of Ren Faire.
Oh no, I accidentally closed it during the game because I needed to keep my private message
window clean during the game.
Did you like the game tonight, Rama?
You came very close to winning.
That was great.
I loved that.
All right, good.
I'm glad you like it.
We'll have to do it again sometime.
All right, Rama, we got to let you go.
Have a good one.
All right.
You too.
Bye-bye.
One more call.
Sure.
Hopefully the game doesn't get caught in the loop.
The crazy...
Sucked into a black hole.
No, what the hell was that?
It's not ringing off the hook, so Loki, you have any last minute stories you want to do?
Okay.
1UP is going to be changing their scoring policies, apparently, how they rate games,
which is quite funny.
Now, instead of the point system, they're going to be changing it to letters, like grading
system from A plus to F. I want you to bet there's 10 different letters in between there
and nothing's changing.
You know, because they're admitting that...
You know what they are?
They're admitting...
Well, I guess it's not really admitting.
AGM is going to do the same thing.
It's all going to start in March.
Because, well, I'm saying like, I don't know, A through F has a different kind of connotation
to it than 1 through 10.
Like F is failing.
It's a miserable game.
Whereas, I think in the 1 through 10 world, 6 is seen as failing.
I think.
So I guess that's the point I was trying to make that I didn't do very well.
But who cares?
Well, technically enough, it's a 60%.
Who cares?
It's one review site on the entire internet.
I realize it's a big one, but you know, come on.
It's also a magazine, AGM and Games for Windows.
We live in a world where there's demos readily available.
Make your own decision.
Now, I read reviews once in a while, but I haven't found a game reviewer I really 100%
trust and like yet.
Maybe the guy from Zero Punctuation.
I don't know.
No, he's too negative.
Funny, but negative.
But he's funny.
Funny, but negative.
Let's go to the phones and take one last call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, this is Ross Deal, UT.
Ross Deal, UT.
What is up, my friend?
Oh, nothing.
Just shooting shit.
You know how that goes.
That's what we do here at Orange Launch Radio.
What's up?
Hell yeah.
Anyway, I got a few things on my mind.
Not too many, but a few.
All right.
First off, there's this, I don't know, there was somebody linking that already on the chat,
this Marine who went missing.
Basically what happened is that the family thinks that maybe he was playing Call of Duty
and he just had a flashback or something.
Yeah, I read about that just before the show started.
That's crazy.
I guess it gets into the whole, are games too realistic in this day and age?
I don't know.
Well, I think part of it is because he was in Iraq and if he was playing Call of Duty
4, that there's a lot of stuff in Call of Duty 4 in the story that it's pretty hefty
material.
I mean, I don't want to give away any of the plot line, but you invade a Middle Eastern
country and a nuclear device goes off.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, it's a very gritty game.
I could definitely see where somebody who's been to Iraq, who's maybe having problems
with post-traumatic, might play that game and get a bad reaction from it.
They're saying that he might be actually trying not to be found, so it sounded pretty bad.
Very unfortunate.
This is not a game he should have been playing in the first place, so the question is, do
they have it out there enough for this guy to know maybe he shouldn't play this game
as he's very sensitive on these type of topics or suffering from this post-war syndrome?
Is it the responsibility of the makers of this game to put some type of disclaimer on
the game?
No.
No, I think this game might be too real for some people.
That's stupid.
You know, with post-traumatic stress disorder, that sort of thing, it could be any number
of things that trigger it.
Any number of things could remind somebody or give someone a bad flashback.
It's very unpredictable.
Like a lot of mental disorders, it's going to affect people in different ways.
Not only that, but modern warfare, you know they're going to at least deal with the Arab
angle somewhat.
I was just going to say, very unfortunate news no matter where it kind of falls.
Maybe this was the type of game he should have played with other people.
I think that's kind of the thing, too.
I know exactly what it is.
It's not Call of Duty 4.
What?
It was Yars.
He played Yars, and he's like, oh my God, I have to run.
Well, that's a different kind of drama.
There's a place in hell waiting for you, Loki.
Okay, RustyLUT, we don't have too much time.
What else did you want to say real quick tonight?
There was this industry blog.
One of these industry analyst people was talking about how there's a problem where the industry
has no real room for anything between the tiny budget casual games and the tens of millions
of dollars blockbusters.
Let me put up a link right now.
As far as the American market, I can certainly agree with that.
We either see the huge budget Call of Duty and Gears of War, or we see PopCap.
It's not as diverse a market as, say, Japan, where there's stuff all over the budget spectrum.
This is an opinion piece I didn't read before tonight's show, so it's a little harder for
me to comment on it.
What do you think?
Do we have enough variety in our styles of games that we have out there right now?
Not so much styles, but we need a real be-real, because if you look at the American market,
it's PopCap games type of deal, and then there's Gears of War, Call of Duty, really big budget
games, and there's not a lot of stuff in between.
If you compare that to Japan, where you see stuff like Chulipa no Ne-chan Bada, people
just throwing crap out there, hell, even Puzzle Quest, which managed to become a hit.
What this guy's talking about is you can't really experiment when you're dealing with
a budget of $20 million, $30 million, because there's too much risk involved, but at the
same time, there's really only so much you can do in a little budget 2D game.
Another extreme, you're not really having a lot of room for new ideas.
Isn't there a similarity with movies, though, because it seems like most movies are either
the art house cheap ones, or the explosion Michael Bay, burning money live on screen
type of movies.
There's not a whole lot in between there, either.
There's also the fact that there's not a whole lot for what people want in that middle market
because the American market's a lot different than the Japanese ones.
There's a lot more people in Japan that play games, for one, but there's either you've
got the hardcore gamers that have been doing it for years, or the people that are just
the casual gamer market, and there really is no target audience for something in between.
That's the thing, though.
You'd think that the hardcore would be the most receptive of something like, well, you
look at Puzzle Quest, or Chulip, or maybe not so much Chulip, or an Ejambada, just an
idea being thrown out there with maybe a $2 or $3 million budget, and yes, you should
pick up Puzzle Quest GS68.
Let me make this comparison real quick.
A lot of the hardcore gamers won't play a game like Bejeweled because it's not hardcore
enough, and a lot of the people who play stuff like Bejeweled get turned off by Gears of
War and stuff because there's too many buttons to hit, whereas with movies, anyone can watch
anything, depending on the hype.
It's true, and perhaps this is just a spot where video games just have a hard time, but
there has to be some place where you can actually do meaningful experimentation, because you
can't do it in the casual space, there's just too many limits.
I suppose it would be hard to convince your wife that going to see Rambo would be a good
Valentine's Day present, right?
I think that's also part of it.
We have an industry that's confined to the idea of hardcore and casual.
You don't hear about hardcore moviegoers, casual moviegoers.
You hear people who like action, romance.
There's very particular crowds for types of movies, and of course the B-movie alien weirdness
has its own following.
You need to have that sort of market, for lack of a better term, market segregation,
demographic scanning, because casual, hardcore is perhaps a little too general.
Wow.
Well, Ross, some great topics, some very deep topics you're bringing up tonight, but unfortunately
we are running out of time.
We've got to wrap things up, but thanks for your call and provoking some good discussion.
Before I go, I'd like to do a plug, you know, I've started a YouTube channel, and that would
be youtube.com slash user slash RossDLUT, put up a link in the chat right now.
And what will we find on said YouTube channel?
Right now it's mostly music videos that I've compiled up, but I have a few vlogs as well,
and I'm just kind of looking at some of the things that are in this, so you kind of make
your own anime music videos and stuff?
Gaming music videos.
Gaming, oh not anime, GMVs, not AMVs, GMVs, I see.
And I guess that I also have a couple of vlogs using the PlayStation Eye actually, which
is quite an effort, but I'll go into that next time, and I'll see you later.
Well best of luck with vlogging.
Good luck.
Have a nice one, bye bye.
RossDLUT, he's always kind of the devil's advocate in chat, but then when he calls in
he's the nicest guy, and brings up great topics every time.
So thank you very much for calling in, we appreciate it.
That's going to do it for phone calls tonight, because that's going to do it for the show
tonight.
Holy crap, that's late.
I know it's kind of late when you consider that Dark Soccer wasn't even here tonight,
we managed to do a three hour show, I think the game took a long time.
Yeah, that took a big time.
That's alright.
It was fun.
It was fun, right?
It was worth it?
Whee!
Alright, let's go ahead and wrap things up here tonight.
Actually first, any other last minute stories I didn't let you get to, Loki?
There's going to be car surfing in Saints Row 2, and that's awesome.
I can't wait for Saints Row 2.
Ghost Ride the Whip.
Yes, and apparently they have a picture where you have crashed a biplane into a building,
or driven it through a mall, which is even better, so I'm all about a game that allows
you to drive a plane through a mall.
We all know what's waiting to happen later on.
That's a feature they should have had in Dead Rising, right?
Hell yeah.
Alright.
Puppy, thank you so much for being here tonight, and participating in the show.
Talking head number three for the night.
Hooray!
Well, you'll have to come back again soon, and it's probably kind of nice not getting
talked over tonight, because there's a lot far less people in house.
Yes, and I had my own microphone the entire time.
There you go.
Alright, well thanks for coming, and stay away from the gunshots in your neighborhood.
I will certainly try to.
Alright, we don't want to see Puppy get put down, that would not be fun.
Do you have any final thoughts, though, Puppy, real quick?
I was looking on your prize table here, and saw these applications for passports.
The passport applications are not prizes, they're just out there.
I was just making sure.
No, we're not giving out Rob's passport application as a prize, it's just something I'm working
on for a trip I want to take in June.
Which by the way, you know how they say it takes forever to get a passport right now?
It doesn't.
My roommate went in, and did his, like, he got it in a week.
A week.
He's new.
Not a renewal.
New.
Well, my brother managed to get one when he went to Italy, and it took him like a week
and a half to get his when he went to Italy earlier this year.
Not bad.
But thankfully I'm not going out of the country, I'm just going to Texas to meet with, for
a puzzle pirates party.
Nerd.
I'm trying to get William to take me back to Canada, because I really want to go to
Canada.
I'm just trying to decide right now if it's going to be Vancouver, which I've already
been to and I love, or Toronto, which I've never been to, but I really want to go to.
Toronto's winning in my mind right now, but we'll see.
I went to Canada once, I went to Victoria, and I got stuck having to go to those botanical
gardens.
Hey, I love the Bouchard Gardens, don't you go knocking them, unless you go in like fall,
then there's not a lot to see.
I think William told me he went to the Bouchard Gardens once in October, and I'm like, dude,
you went at the wrong time.
Anyway, enough travel chat.
Loki, any final thoughts for our listeners?
This spin the black circle thing is pretty addicting, except I'm on this one level.
He's been playing it all fucking night.
Hey, I have been participating, okay?
This does not take that much participation.
Hey, if he had been playing the Velociraptor Safari game, you wouldn't have heard a peep
out of him, unless it was maniacal laughter.
All right, my final thought is next week's show, I'm actually going to be out of town
because it's holiday slash anniversary weekend, so I'm going out of town.
We may have a late start to the show because of it, more information to come later throughout
the week.
I'm not sure exactly what the plan is yet, so there you have it.
But we are looking forward to being back here next week.
Frisbee suggests, I vote because of Valentine's Day this week.
We need to have William, Nellie, and Dan as guests on the show next week.
Not going to happen.
I don't think that'll happen either.
It's a good thought.
All right, that's going to do it for tonight's show.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
You know we can't do this without you guys.
Remember, if you like Orange Lawns Radio, if you like what you hear, please tell two
friends about our show because that's the only way we get to spread the word.
We don't have any big magazines or websites that back us.
We are literally an independent operation run out of somebody's garage and it's your
voice and talking and word of mouth that helps spread the word.
Another reason to support us, we are not changing our review system to letters.
That's right, we're not.
We're going to stick with the whole vague reviews that we've always done here on the
program.
Until next time, I'm Rob, that's Loki.
She will be Dark Sakura back with us next week.
We'll see you then here on Orange Lawns Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lawns Radio.
Orange Lawns Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangelawnsradio.com.
See you next week.
