Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, February the 3rd of 2008.
The Super Bowl and the Puppy Bowl have just finished up and so we're getting more and more live listeners coming on.
Which is a good thing because tonight we're going to play a little round of the Match Game.
That's right, it's your chance to match the stars here in the OLR studio for fabulous prizes.
And when I say fabulous prizes I mean a copy of Res HD is what we're giving away tonight.
That's right, one of our listeners, ActDeft, one of our friends from Mexico, actually listens to the program and he won a code.
But the problem was he already bought the game so he has no use for the code.
So we're going to pay it forward tonight.
One of our OLR listeners is going to pass on the code to our winner tonight of the Match Game.
So thank you ActDeft, everybody say it with me.
Thank you ActDeft.
Alright, so we're going to be giving that away a little later in the show.
But before we do that, we have got to get back into some gaming news and Loki's going to kick it off tonight.
Alright, anyways, there's two big games that they announced on Nintendo's reports for 2008.
Not a huge surprise though, that Animal Crossing and the new Kirby gamer will be coming to the Wii in 2008.
Most likely though, it's only the Japanese Wii in 2008.
Maybe shortly after in 2009 we'll see Animal Crossing here.
Hopefully though, I would hope it's this year as well.
But no word on exactly what the new Animal Crossing game is going to be like.
But at least there's a listing for it.
Some other games that were also listed on there.
Wii Music, Disaster Day of Crisis, Super Mario Stadium, Baseball, and everyone's common knowledge television.
Which I'm assuming is not coming over here.
And it also shows Mario Kart Wii still expected for Spring in North America and Quarter 2 for Europe.
So do we know anything more about that Animal Crossing on the Wii?
Is it actually going to be an MMO or anything?
No idea.
So all we just kind of know is it's coming soon.
Yes, and I would imagine keep your expectations low.
Because if you're expecting an MMO from Nintendo, I mean come on, they'll embrace online really.
Good point, good point.
But you know, I do love my Animal Crossing, so I'm hopeful.
Let's just leave it that way, I'm hopeful.
Alright, well if Animal Crossing and Kirby don't do it for...
Actually, let me backtrack a little bit because I know Dark Soccer, you're a big Animal Crossing fan.
If Nintendo happens to be listening right now, what do you hope that they implement in the next Animal Crossing game on the Wii?
I would actually like to see...
And maybe this is a little bit odd, but I'd like to see a character be able to be the mayor, I think, of the town.
Instead of having, you know, everything be the Tom Nook conglomerate,
I would like to see you be able to control development of the town.
You know, new shops, new things, you know, sort of expand the whole thing that makes a town work.
So like a promotion.
A way to promote, get a job and promote up so you're just not Tom Nook's bitch the whole time.
Kind of?
Well, I guess so, you know...
I want the ability to put Tom Nook out of work and put him on the street.
Make him do bitch work for me.
Make him sleep with the fishes.
Yes.
Are you a big fan of Animal Crossing, Mo?
I actually have issues with Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon. They're too boring.
How about Kirby? Are you a fan of Kirby?
I do like Kirby.
What do you hope they put in the next Kirby game?
Well, if it's going on the Wii, they should do something like Canvas Curse.
Because Canvas Curse was so awesome.
Canvas Curse was pretty fun.
That would be a good thing to have on the Wii.
You know, it's funny because the Wii is like a bunch of DS games, kind of.
You have, what, Trauma Center, Cookin' Mama.
Some of those games should have stayed on the DS, like Cookin' Mama.
Cookin' Mama was pretty bad on the Wii.
It was pretty bad on the Wii.
All right, anyhow, if none of those games are for you, perhaps this will be a game that you will like.
Because it's coming from the creators of Parappa the Rappa.
And yeah, it's another music-based game on the Wii.
It's not Wii music, it's something else.
It's called Major Minor's Majestic March.
That's right, it's Major Minor Majestic March.
It's coming from designer Masuyama Tsura and artist Rodney Greenblatt.
And what you're going to be doing in the game, you use the Wii Remote to keep tempo.
It's a marching band game.
So what you do, you get new band members.
That's high school.
You get valuable items.
You go to eight different locations.
You get up to 15 instruments, and it will have 25 popular marching band songs in it.
So that's going to be pretty awesome.
I know I was a band geek in high school, so this kind of tickles the nerve for me.
What about you, Dark Soccer? Are you excited about this?
I was never the band major, the drum major.
I see, but it would still be fun.
It's from the guys who did Parappa.
I would say that since it's the...
I honestly don't think that they could do anything wrong.
Well, I don't know. We did get the baby level of Unjamma Lamy.
I love the baby level in Unjamma Lamy.
I miss the hell level.
You didn't get hell.
Son of Dad in our chat room, chat.orangelandtrady.com, says,
I wanted Unjamma Lamy 2 on the Wii.
Amen to that.
Amen to that. I agree.
Dude, imagine Unjamma Lamy using the...
Well, you remember the arcade version?
Very, very... I know I played it once, and the machine was made for little girls,
so I had to get on my knees to play the game.
Get your minds out of the gutter, kids.
But they should have something that works with the Guitar Hero set up
and do an Unjamma Lamy.
Maybe.
How about... Were you a band nerd, Mo?
I wasn't a band nerd. I was a theater geek.
You were a theater geek? Oh, okay.
I was the AV nerd and the theater geek.
Do you think this game might still appeal to you?
It'd be fun.
It'd be fun.
I could wave my hands around like a tard again.
Most Wii games, it'll be fun for an hour and then sell it back.
Probably.
Probably.
How about you, Loki? Are you excited about Major Minors?
No.
I have no interest in this game.
Then let's go to the next story.
Well, for our soccer fans...
Actually, well, I'm sure there's plenty of soccer fans in the UK.
As in real football.
I have my own bias.
Electronic Arts, though, is saying that they are not releasing
UEFA Euro 2008 on Wii NDS in Europe.
At all.
So, I mean, they pretty much have the market, I think,
because they had FIFA 08 last year,
but they're not bringing out the other one.
I'm like, okay, why?
If they've already brought out one game, why do you need the other?
There's a big difference between them, so...
But I guess it'd be people who'd be disappointed that it's not coming out over there.
Really sad.
Especially since it's, you know, Euro 2008.
I know, I was gonna say, I find it ironic that a game called Euro 2008
is not coming out in Europe.
I mean, am I the only one that sees the humor in that?
Well, they're just not bringing down the Wii NDS.
It's not...
Of the two soccer games that EA puts out, it's the lesser of the two.
I know it doesn't sell very well over here, that's for sure.
Well, fine, Debbie Downer.
Well, I'm sorry, no one likes obscure soccer games, apparently.
They'll just play FIFA if they, you know, want to play FIFA, and then...
I don't know, it's just like...
EA tries to put all these weird ones out there, like arena football, or rugby, and stuff like that.
Hey, don't knock the rugby game.
Hey, I'm sure in their respective areas, they're good, but...
No one buys them.
Or at least not that many people buy them.
All right.
Well, maybe one of these new games will prove you wrong, but we'll see.
Maybe. Maybe this game will prove us wrong.
Eternity's Child.
It's a game that was originally designed to come out on the Xbox 360,
as part of the XNA program,
but now they've been ported over to the WiiWare service that's still not out yet.
But it is scheduled sometime Q2 2008.
It will set you back 500 Wii points,
so it's nice to see that there will be some more inexpensive games on the WiiWare service.
Actually, it looks pretty cool.
It's all hand-drawn by cartoonist Luke Bernard,
and a pretty cool-looking platform game.
Hopefully, we'll hear more about the WiiWare service in a couple weeks during Game Developers Conference.
I'm guessing that's when they're going to drop the bomb on that.
I was going to say, WiiWare should have been out pretty...
We thought it was going to come out late last year.
Didn't happen.
So, it should be coming out sooner rather than later, right?
I would think so.
I hope so.
Well, perhaps they're just too busy putting out all these other games
that they apparently keep missing production for and all this stuff,
but the demand's just out there,
and if you don't believe me, listen to this.
Japan apparently sold a half-million copies of Smash Bros. Brawl in one day.
Those numbers coming from a Japanese blog, amiibo.jp,
apparently has reported that Brawl is the fastest-selling Wii title.
It sold through 80% of its initial stock, and that was 500,000 copies.
And now everybody's wondering, is it going to match that in the U.S.?
I think so.
Mo, I know you work in game shops, so you take pre-orders for this stuff.
Does it look like it's going to smash records left and right?
Jesus Christ, yes.
Honesty, I like it.
Japan has a smaller market than the U.S. does anyways,
and that's not even counting Europe, too.
They'll easily sell 500,000 copies in one day.
I wouldn't be surprised if it sells a million copies in the first day.
Well, how many people in America actually own Wiis, though?
It could be done.
That would be about one in eight.
It's still more and more selling as this date approaches in March, too.
Do you think you could top Halo?
No.
Day one, probably not, but overall I think so.
Overall, maybe, yeah.
I think it might top Halo 3, but not Halo 2.
I don't know. Halo 3 was pretty huge.
We'll see.
Well, I mean, in the long run.
In the long run.
It doesn't matter.
Every game's going to be Grand Theft Auto Force, bitch, anyway.
Doesn't matter.
Whatever.
They can have their Smash Bros. Brawl.
It's all about Grand Theft Auto IV around the PlayStation 3 and 3.
Good point.
What do you think, Dark Saga, is every game going to be Grand Theft Auto's bitch?
Honestly, yeah, because you know the whole drama that came up over the whole hot coffee thing,
I think that was, you know, they said there's no such thing as bad press.
Well, how many copies of, you know, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas sold just because of the drama over that, do you think?
A lot.
You know, how many people now do you think are going to be, oh, what's this one going to do?
What's going to be the new thing?
Well, I think that honestly it is going to sort of overplay.
I don't know.
I hope not, but I'm pretty sure it will.
Well, look how amazing Grand Theft Auto 3 was when it came out.
It was just absolutely awesome.
I took a day off of work to play that game, by the way, as I will with 4.
But it was just completely blew everyone away just because it was so, I don't know, unlike anything that they've seen before.
Of course, you know, moving from 2 to 3, that was a huge step.
It's like, you know, Final Fantasy VI to VII, so I don't know.
They'll be big.
I took off a week of school to play Final Fantasy VI.
Final Fantasy VI is pretty epic.
You would need like a whole week off of work, though, when that game first came out.
I pretended I had the flu.
All right, let's move on with some more gaming news and things we might call in sick for in the future.
I don't know that I'd be calling in sick for this if I can.
There we go.
Stupid Firefox.
Nintendo has registered a patent for a casing for Wii Remote.
And it is quoted as saying, a video game controller for video game and receptor assembly.
A receptor having a shape substantially similar to a component appearing in the video game.
The receptor may be a gun-shaped subunit, is what it also says.
But there's a drawing that was included with it.
And they're actually, in fact, I'm pulling up the drawing right now.
God, I hate this thing.
Well, some of the drawings that they had were like the original Zapper prototype that we had seen, you know, E3.
And then a lot of them were just ridiculous.
Well, they were included in that, a tennis racket, a baseball bat, and a fishing rod.
But there's also a bicycle, a helmet, and a chair, and a teddy bear, and a headset.
A teddy bear?
Well, I'm pulling up the drawings now just to see everything else that was on there.
Unfortunately, Acrobat is slow.
There we go.
Yeah, DarkTits2U in our chatroom at chat.org.com exclaims what some of us are saying.
Are they really considering doing some of those?
I mean, a teddy bear?
Some of those are just, what the fuck?
I think it's kind of stupid for them to even try to patent, you know, putting, you know, like a tennis racket or fishing rod controller.
They've already got them out there for the Wii.
They're a little late to the game, just like they were with the whole Zapper attachment and stuff for the, you know, the Wii,
and also the Wii Wheel that's going to be coming out with Mario Kart, which is completely retarded, but whatever.
I guess people want that crap.
It doesn't make a game any better.
They have to go really into detail as far as these patents go, I guess.
Immediately throw away that wheel when it comes with Mario Kart.
Out the window it will go.
Okay, there's the one on here for the wheel, and the one that looks like the Zapper, which is sort of cool, but the helmet one?
I'm sorry, we've had virtual reality helmets for Nintendo before.
They're trying to give us all migraines again.
You know, I still haven't forgiven them for the Virtual Boy.
The chair is kind of cool, but they have one also that looks like it's trying to remake the Power Glove.
Cool!
Oh dear God.
It's so bad.
There is, the racket one makes sense to me.
There's a skateboard one on here too.
But the bike is like, what are they going to do, bring us Prop Cycle?
Interesting thought from Alpha Canogram in chat says it's to prevent others from creating crap to ruin the Wii, but it didn't work.
But they've already, that's the thing though.
If this was to prevent other people from making this crap, they're a little late.
They already have this stuff out there.
You can't patent something after it's already been out.
I guess maybe you can, but you know, it doesn't make any sense.
Alright, well let's move on.
I know really they should be threatened by putting a Wiimote in a teddy bear.
Hey, I would do it.
It's dumb.
What, is it for like some teddy bear hugging game?
It's so I can hug them and squeeze them and love them?
It's the baby shaking game, you see, but they can't use a baby, so they have like a teddy bear.
I see.
You can shake the teddy bear all you want to.
Kill teddy rock spin the game.
You know, they are, and I have to, this is coming out sometime soon, within the next few months.
They are bringing the Build-a-Bear workshop to the Wii instead of just the DS.
So you can create virtual bears.
You can do it on the DS already.
Why didn't I pay 80 bucks a piece?
But do you still have to do the little dance with your hands in the air and the spinning and the...
I didn't do that.
At least I can do it in the privacy of my own home.
So here's another bright idea.
Apparently someone thought it was an awesome idea to bring out Saw the game.
At least they're going to be bringing it out to consoles in 2009.
Let's hope the series is still around in 2009 because the way it's going, I don't know.
They'll be up to like Saw 12 by that point.
If they still do, I don't know if the Rider Strike impacted them, but if they maintain one a year, they should be up to Saw 6.
Because there should be Saw 5 this year.
Oh my gosh.
That's true.
People write Saw.
I thought it was just monkeys at a typewriter.
Monkeys at a typewriter.
Someone just dropped a lot of acid and then wrote it all down and filled it up.
This game is going to have some really unique features about it.
First off, it's going to be using the Unreal 3 engine because no other game on the face of the earth ever uses the Unreal 3 engine.
Okay, I've got to ask right off the bat, is this like a rumor?
No.
That seems like fan service or something to me.
No, this is...
Brash Entertainment has made an announcement that they're going to make an interactive Saw game.
Is it going to be like Manhunt and get banned everywhere?
And even worse than Manhunt somehow?
Where's he on the Wii? That's what I want to know.
No, it's just going to be PlayStation 3 and 360.
And here's the other thing though.
I'm thinking they're going to try to build off the controversy of Manhunt 2.
Of course, 2009 people will forget about Manhunt 2, I think.
Alright, this game is so wrong on so many levels.
I did a story on Manhunt 2 last week and I've already forgotten about it.
Because A, obviously people are totally...
They look at video games and movies in complete different ways when obviously they shouldn't.
I mean, the Saw franchise is just as gory as Manhunt 2 and all that.
And this is just going to continue to give video games a bad name and fuel Lord Voldemort's fire in the courts.
That's what we call...
Rhymes with...
...Ompson.
That's what we call him as Lord Voldemort.
He who shall not be named.
This will just fuel Lord Voldemort's fire in the courtroom.
This will just be more things for the politicians to get rah rah rah rambly about.
So we are giving a preemptive F.U. to the creators of this game because this is just a bad idea.
To make a bad video game out of a bad franchise.
And that means we have to bring in the F.U.'s of the week.
The first of my F.U.'s of the week, because I have had a pretty crazy week.
Goes towards needles.
And I'm not really afraid of needles because I don't know.
I'm just really not afraid of needles anymore.
But this is a really big freaking needle.
I got a cortisone shot in my hand.
And it actually wasn't that bad because my regular doctor is really cool and lets me watch.
The other doctor wouldn't let me watch.
He was mean.
But then my hand hurt for a couple of days and I couldn't play anything.
And then I have to go to an orthopedist next week.
And I'm a little bit antsy about surgery because I've only ever had surgery once in my life.
And that was wisdom teeth.
And you know how long I was messed up after that?
Four months.
So, F.U. to my stupid tendons.
Alright, Loki, do you have any F.U.'s of the week you'd like to give out?
Yeah, my F.U. of the week is Microsoft making the shoddy system of the Xbox 360.
I'm tired of having to fix this stupid three ring system.
It's really pissing me off because what I have to do to fix it, in other words take a heat gun to it,
involves me pulling off the heat sink and then I heat it up and do all that stuff.
I have to put foil around it so it looks like I'm actually cooking the thing.
And then after that works I have to put everything back together, reapply the thermal grease and that kind of stuff.
Only to have it not work after that.
Then I have to take it all apart again and do it.
I've been doing this at work, by the way.
So, have all the parts strewn all across the conference room table.
But this last time this better fucking work because I am getting really fed up with it.
The other system I fixed works perfectly.
This one is being a little bitch and won't fucking work.
So, fuck Microsoft because there's no reason that I should have two systems die anyway.
My F.U. of the week goes to Insomnia because I've had it most of the week and I think it was causing me to get sick.
But I'd like to counteractively give a thank you of the week to Airborne because vitamin C is awesome and made me not get totally sick.
So, that was great.
But F.U. to lack of sleep and getting sick.
Mo, I don't know if you're familiar with this segment.
Do you have anything you'd like to just say F.U. to on the air?
The fact that I still suck at Halo 3.
Amen to that. I will never get first person shooters. I just never will.
Console, I can't do it. Give me a keyboard and a mouse, god damn it.
Maybe just some people weren't built to play console shooters. I don't know what it is.
I can get the running down and I can get the shooting down, but if you want me to point, I'm screwed.
Just use the caboose method. Let everyone else kill each other off.
No, they all know that I'm the weaker player, so everyone picks me off in multiplayer.
Ah.
Don't.
Jake, I know you're busy with Smash Brothers Brawl, but do you have anything you'd like to give an F.U. to? Anything that's making you angry?
Amazingly, no.
Well, aren't you F.U. to you for being so perky?
That's a cool thing about this game is you can actually pause it and then rotate around and take snapshots.
By the way, for those who weren't listening to the bonus segment, we are playing Smash Brothers Brawl here in studio.
Jake's walking us through the game here and you can watch the action on our Justin.TV feed, which should be archived.
I'm sure somebody will make a highlight out of it. It's Justin.TV slash Orange Launch Radio if you want to check it out.
But not for much longer. We're going to be pointing the camera back on the studio very soon.
Black Lab in chat says we need more studio view on cam and less Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
All right, soon. Soon, I promise. Maybe after a couple more matches.
All right, that's going to do it for the F.U.s of the week.
Let's get back into the gaming news.
And this almost makes me want to bring on the F.U.s of the week again, because I'm so ready for this game.
You know Spore?
Well apparently now, during an EA conference call, the CEO of EA, John Riccitello, told the audience that Spore will not be making fiscal 08.
But will it be making calendar year 08 at all? Or will it be actually pushed back to 2009?
And still within the 2009 fiscal year, but literally like a year from now.
While the CEO was not going to give a specific date, it does seem confident that the game will be out before the holidays.
But that could be like December 24th.
In fact, actually it could be after Christmas because it could be like Kwanzaa he's talking about as the holidays.
You just don't know.
It could be Chinese New Year. That's right. It could be January. Who knows?
It could be July 4th. That's still a holiday.
That's right. Of 2009.
Who knows? But I don't like hearing that Spore keeps getting delayed because I'm so ready for this game to come out.
I think he celebrates sleep year as a holiday, so he's referring to next sleep year.
I agree.
Alright, well let's get back to some other gaming news.
Why do you have some happy in regards to nights?
Thank God, we need it.
I love you Sega.
They're having different, I would have to say, celebrations that go on every month as far as different content in the game.
In fact, they say that you use the Wii Weather Channel to change the weather.
This is another bit of additional hidden content.
So you basically raise your own A life and the hidden content will let you have different monthly celebrations since it's going by the Wii's time clock.
So in January, they have of course the New Year with fireworks.
In February, they have the Chinese New Year.
So they have a big dragon hanging out and firecrackers and stuff.
In March, it's carnivals and the people in the game will have masks on.
In April is flamenco inspired roses.
May is the boys festival, which is a Japanese holiday.
So that's May 5th.
And there's a big carp streamer hanging in it.
June is weddings.
July is the bull running festival.
In August, all the residents in the game are going to be playing instruments.
September has full moon paper fans.
October is the Halloween theme with witches and pumpkin lanterns and stuff like that.
November is autumn leaves falling and fruit.
And December is Santa and the Christmas tree and all kinds of Christmasy stuff.
Christmas nights.
Christmas nights, yeah I know.
I love Christmas nights.
I wonder if this is going to actually break my household tradition.
Because you've never said that on the show before that you love Christmas nights.
I think every week Jamie finds a reason to bring up Christmas nights.
Hey, happy 4th of July everybody.
I'm going to play Christmas nights this December.
Ever since I moved to California, every Christmas we break out the Saturn and we play Christmas nights.
She's having to tell the story to Moe because she's like, oh, Moe maybe hasn't heard this before.
You just like telling the story. It's okay.
It's fun.
It is fun.
I like Christmas nights.
Traditions are good.
Traditions are good.
I did have to borrow my French Japanese copy of Christmas nights.
It's exactly the same.
It just gets a nice hard case and not a paper case.
Oh no.
I was curious.
This sounds like a fun way to at least pop in the game once a month and kind of check it out.
See what's going on.
Right?
I still think it's a cool thing but what if they have different things to happen over different years.
You know something that could be updated in the game.
You never know.
You know remember like Animal Crossing had all the funny stuff that happened on holidays and it gave you a reason to turn on the game.
Like even New Year's Eve.
I haven't played in six months.
Say it's New Year's.
Or if you don't want to wait a year long just mess with your time clock and then you can see all these within like an hour.
That's the spirit.
Whatever cheater.
I'm not cheating.
I'm exploiting time.
It's exploitation.
Never give this man a TARDIS.
That would be awesome.
All right.
Why don't you exploit some more news for us, Loki.
Well the latest copy of the official Xbox Magazine has the content for Rock Band outlined for March.
Which reminds me that I haven't bought the February issue of the official Xbox Magazine which had those three free tracks from on there with Freeze Pop and stuff.
Puppy has the CD.
One of our frequent guests, Puppy.
And maybe I'll make him come to the show next week.
So bring your Xbox.
Puppy come to the show next week.
K thanks.
All right.
Let's go to the Xbox Magazine.
Well some of the packs that they have outlined.
March 4th we're getting the Thrash pack which is going to have At The Gates, Blinded By Fear, Evil, Thrashes, The Haunted, Shadow World.
I'm not familiar with any of those.
But here At The Gates, Blinded By Fear is supposed to be pretty good.
On March 11th they've got some individual songs including Bad Company with Shooting Star which is a cover.
Leonard Skynyrd with Simple Man and The Police with Message In A Bottle.
March 18th they have the Nine Inch Nails pack including March of the Pigs, The Collector and The Perfect Drug.
And then finally March 25th has the Metal pack with Iron Maiden's Wraith Child which is a cover.
Black Sabbath's Supernaut which is a cover.
And the one I'm really looking forward to, Metallica with Fuel.
Because that song I said should have been in Rock Band in the first place.
So that's awesome.
I'm assuming all of them are going to be 440 for the pack and 160 for each song individually.
Hooray!
No idea though what's coming out for February though.
Alright, well those of you guys on the Wii have been missing out on all this Rock Band goodness.
But maybe not for much longer.
Again, going back to the EA conversation, apparently it was confirmed that there is the coming launch of Rock Band for the Wii.
He just referred to, the CEO John Riccatello referred to a coming launch of the Wii version of Rock Band.
And IGN said, they just really wanted to seek out a firm confirmation and got him to admit that yes, the game will be making a Wii debut.
But no release date given, nothing else given.
But by the way, in a related story, I don't know if you heard about this, but some standalone microphones came out for Rock Band.
And they say something on them about works on the Nintendo Wii, which is hilarious because there is no Rock Band on the Wii yet.
And they don't work anyway.
So, EA had to put out a My Bad right now.
So, that will be a retail nightmare when the Wii version does come out and people say,
I bought this microphone, it said it was going to work on the Wii.
I don't understand why they don't work on the Wii, it's a fucking USB microphone.
I mean, those have got to be pretty standardized anyway.
Because the USB on Nintendo is retarded.
Yeah, like USB.5.
It's actually slower than USB 1.
That would be awesome.
So, there you have it.
Alright, now it's time for us to get to one of our favorite segments here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a chance for you to talk to us a little bit with the mailbag.
Every week you send us emails at mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
DarkSakura picks out a few of her favorites and reads them on the air.
So, DarkSakura, I want you to put your hand in the mailbag there and pull out a few emails.
Did we get a lot of emails this week?
Oh God, we did.
Awesome.
Well, I guess you can't read them all, but pick some of your favorites.
Well, there were a couple that were really long, including one from our friend who made us the offer from Disney World.
Disney must do.
Yes.
And we're making jokes about the stalker thing.
We know better.
Trust me.
But this one I'm just going to use to go by the email name Lord Katakos because there's no signature on it.
I am new to the podcast and I was wondering if you guys and girl ever talked about MapleStory.
I enjoy this game a lot, a lot more than Ragnarok in my opinion.
Anyway, my undead mage could destroy any of your World of Warcraft accounts.
Well, you guys got the micro and stuff.
Keep giving out the spanks to the noobs.
By the way, that is my priest pick.
I think I'm on my PSP.
And he sent a picture titled Ugly Mages, but the mailbag is got PMS.
So it doesn't let me actually really get to take a look at the images.
So sorry.
I can't see it.
Here we go.
I have never played MapleStory.
I've heard about it.
There's a lot of people that like it.
Have you played it, Mo?
I loved MapleStory.
Tell us a little bit about MapleStory.
Well, that's a cute little banner.
Yeah.
Tell us a little bit about MapleStory.
It's like Ragnarok where it has the little Gaia avatars and everything.
It's just another RPG.
It's a chibi good time.
Yes, it's a chibi good time.
They're supposed to be making one for DS and I'm waiting for that anxiously.
I heard about that.
It never happened though.
It should be fun.
All right.
Well, okay, so it looks like there are some MapleStory fans here.
So you're in good company.
This one actually is addressed to Loki from Azurune.
I don't quite remember, but in a past episode of OLR, I remember you stating you were able to play games on your Wii.
Is this true?
Please answer back.
Thanks.
I think it means the imports, which we've obviously proven.
Yes, I can play games on my Wii.
If you've been listening to tonight's show, obviously since we have Smash Brothers Brawl in the house and it's an import copy, yes, he can play import.
Yeah, because I have a mod chip in mind.
This one comes from Oscar.
It turns out my parents will finally be getting high speed Internet.
And yes, believe it or not, I've had to suffer the pain and torture of dial up for years.
So I resort to web browsing on my iPhone for now.
iPhone.
But in about a week, I'll be able to finally listen live and even work up the nerve to call in.
Talking to you guys would be like talking to celebrities.
So, yeah, I'd be nervous, but I'm sure we talked about gaming.
I'm sure talking about gaming would put me at ease.
Thanks, and I hope to be a live listener soon.
P.S., how come I can't access your chat room on iPhone?
I've done it with other sites before.
Is it because it's Java?
Actually, yeah, the iPhone has problems with Java, but I think that, well, I don't know.
I haven't updated my software on my iPhone yet, so maybe that will change.
I know I can't watch any YouTube videos if they're embedded unless I actually just use the YouTube channel.
It's because it's the iPhone?
No, iPhone's great.
I didn't mean to sound like I was bashing our emailer when they said that talking to us would be like talking to celebrities.
It's a compliment, it really is, but we're just nerds that are way too old to be doing this,
just kind of kicking back, having fun on a Sunday night.
It's really nothing special to us.
We invite strangers over to have a beer with us.
It's a good time.
Next email.
Maybe we'll invite you to have a beer with us sometime if you're 21.
I didn't card Mo, but I'm just assuming.
I can pull out my wallet.
I'm 22.
All right, good.
Good enough.
Actually, I want to really quickly, before I get to the next email, I'm so sorry,
but there was a very good question asked in chat that I think is a thing to address right now.
Someone in chat, they didn't change their nickname, so I just know them as olarmyrecruit9348 says,
Someone please tell me how to find Mo on YouTube.
It made me realize I'm so rude, I never let Mo plug her stuff.
Please, plug away.
How can they find your performance from-
You can look up the username Amixia.
I think you can actually go to YouTube.com slash Amixia.
It's A-M-I-X-I-A, and it's me being a retard with my digital camera,
and the color tends to change because it's a really bad video camera.
It's awesome, but it's me being a retard.
It's Amixia on YouTube.
It's all right.
They're listening to us being retards right now.
It's all good.
It works.
It works.
You're in good company.
Any other websites you work with?
I have a live journal.
You can check all my YouTube stuff on there because I'll post those publicly.
My username is Furious, spelled exactly like Furious.
Wow.
I have the most awesome username ever.
That's a pretty good username.
Congrats.
I also have a website.
It's prided.net, and I never updated.
I think the last video on there was never going to give you up,
so I should probably fix that.
Yeah, it's just like we have a PSP site that I never update.
We don't update our websites either.
It's fine.
Yeah, prided.net has updates.
We're supposed to have a new URL on our website like the first of the year.
It didn't happen.
It didn't happen.
Well, thank you.
So now there you go to our listener.
Sorry, you can get back to emails now, but that was something very important.
Indeed, Rita.
It is very important.
It is.
So next one comes from Ali.
On episode 264, I'm glad you're keeping track of episode numbers because I'm not.
Loki goes on an anti MacBook Air rant.
As an Apple fanboy, I must say that the MacBook Air is a triumph of engineering and a beautiful
machine, and I don't think it was intended to play video games on.
As an Apple stockholder, I can say the MacBook Air blows chunks.
Insert love the show drivel here.
It's not that I have a problem with it not being able to play games.
I really don't care, and I'm sure it can because it's got a Core Studio processor in it, but
it's just that it doesn't have a CD-ROM drive or a DVD-ROM drive or anything like that.
You have to basically hijack a drive off another computer, or you have to buy a $99 drive that
plugs into the single USB port that's on the damn thing.
It's just not very... Yay, it's thin, okay?
Props for that, and I'm sure it has a nice battery life, but it's, once again, all aesthetics
and no functionality.
Orange Lounge Radio, the finest in video game radio.
We never talk computers at all, just video games.
Computers play games, therefore it works.
Okay, we talk consoles.
Consoles play games, too.
Fine, fine, fine.
Anyway... Can I keep going now?
Okay.
This comes from Ryoma.
Hello, I was just listening to part B of EpiDeDe, episode 265 today, and as excited as I was
to hear you talk about Smash Brawl, I have a little something to add to your discussion
about the demos.
On the Japan official Smash Brawl page, there are two more demos that seem to be exclusive
to Japan, Mother 2, Earthbound, of course, and the original Fire Emblem, which is where
Marth comes from.
Obviously, I understand that those two games are out on the Japanese Virtual Console.
However, I'm pretty irritated with the fact that Nintendo seems to love to torture us
Americans, apologies to all overseas listeners, with the idea of having a new Mother game,
having Earthbound ported to the GBA DSVC, what have you.
I still love Nintendo to death, and the only next-gen system I have is a Wii, but their
seeming lack of interest in what American gamers want is growing frustrating.
Just my two cents, with much love from Chicago Ryoma.
Well, I can understand why they're not bringing some of those games over, because Earthbound,
I'm sure, has quite a bit of dialogue in there, and they have to localize it, where it's not
just, I can throw a copy of the ROM onto the Virtual Console network.
Now, I don't understand why they wouldn't put something that, say, localizes in the
UK, and bring it over here, because, I don't know, that's just lazy.
Next?
I guess so.
Okay.
Hi, the doctor here.
Just to ask, what happened to random talk about Battlestar Galactica?
Uh, Shane moved away.
Just wondering, because after a while, Dark Sakura just stopped.
I never talked about Battlestar Galactica.
You're getting confused with Rice Princess.
Yeah.
And, Rob, you still need to send me that MP3 file, please.
Oh, yeah, I forgot.
I'm sorry, I will.
Battlestar Galactica comes back in April.
I'm sure you will hear random Battlestar Galactica chat come back in April.
Because this show never gets derailed, ever.
Ever.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Hi.
I've been busy playing Wild Arms in Castlevania Symphony of the Night on my PSP after I paid
for them on the PlayStation Network.
Some Call of Duty 4 are actually a lot.
Oh, and Rez.
Fuck yeah, Rez.
Fuck yes, Rez.
That is one addicting game.
Listening to last week's show while writing this, they retracted their retraction.
What the fuck?
Sorry, it was literally a WTF, but I like saying what the fuck.
Oh, okay.
And, Rob, I challenge you to some Undertow.
Anyways, I was going to go now, so you guys can move on.
Peace.
I'm really bad at Undertow.
I don't think you want to play me.
Play me at something I'm like halfway decent at, like Puzzle Fighter or something.
Well, we have one more e-mail that's really, really, really, really, really, freaking
long.
Okay.
Hello, Skyloki, DarkSakura, and guest host.
Hi.
Disclaimer.
First let me apologize for my bad grammar, as I know you tend to be a stickler for proper
grammar, and I tend to disregard proper grammar and spelling whenever I write anything.
That's okay.
I'm used to IMing, Rob.
Burn.
Jamie.
Jamie.
Jamie.
Jamie.
Bite me.
Rob.
What?
Heart.
I brought you cake.
Be nice.
That's true.
You did buy me cake.
It was delicious cake.
E-mail.
It was delicious and moist.
E-mail.
E-mail.
E-mail.
E-mail.
Okay, Oscar.
Regarding the Fox News report on Mass Effect, oh, Lord.
Oh, God.
And of e-mail.
I feel it sadly shows the current state of our country's journalism.
While Fox News is notorious for having a conservative agenda to their broadcast, the sad truth of
the matter was that it was probably nothing more than a ploy for a ratings boost, and
I'm sure if CNN had the chance, they would have done the same.
Excuse me.
Lately with news, it seems that the way to get a top story on the news is simply find
something that has a soap opera or scandal written all over it.
Scandals sell, and it also had to do with sex, which we know the old saying about that.
And of course, children, since the stereotype to a lot of non-gamers is video games are
kid stuff.
Were I a news show producer or a news show host and saw something that implied there
was a lesbian sex scene in Mass Effect, I would run with a trashy story like that because
if it is true, that can mean big ratings hike for the show and possible raise slash promotion
for yourself.
Since video games are considered the current evil that is corrupting our youth much like
rock and roll in the 50s and 60s, violent films in the 80s and 90s, and rock and roll
again just before the focus shifted to video games, you know that was both Jack Thompson,
I mean him too, sorry.
I still remember journalists trying to pin the Columbine High School massacre on Marilyn
Manson.
It makes any scandalous video game story easy prey.
With a chance that could get a casual gamer, concerned parents, and people who would act
like sex in video games, I got to see what games they mention and start playing them,
as well as your regular audience to tune in when they might not have.
Also since few outside of gaming world would read or hear any follow up on the story on
the net regarding the false statements of the report, it would be a quick and easy reading
so not everyone would have heard the bad journalism backlash.
Disgusting?
Yes, but it also means modern day journalism tactics as well.
Okay, discuss so I can take a break.
Honestly, you're preaching to the choir here, I do understand, you know, probably any network
would have done it, but I don't know, there's something about the whole sensationalism of
it and I don't know, I feel like Fox News in general has kind of done this stuff before,
but I think you're right, CNN probably would do something like this too, I mean it just
kind of depends on, but I don't know, I feel like there's actual news to be reported on
out there, what with an election going on right now, and you know, things going on in
other countries and things and whatever, I just, it's, I don't know, just shouldn't waste
our time with that kind of crap.
That's all.
Well, and didn't they pull the statement like a couple days later when her book on Amazon
started getting tanking reviews?
She sort of said, I'm sorry- She was like, oh, okay, maybe Mass Effect
wasn't that bad.
It was kind of like a half-assed apology, though, she was like, I made a real bad judgment
call or something like that, but she didn't really say, I'm sorry, gamers, or I'm sorry
to the gaming community and to the mature gamers out there, she didn't really say anything
like that, she just said, oh, I've done fucked up.
Yeah, but don't make a statement on Fox News 1 and then like, once you realize that your
review on Amazon is like dropping hugely, it like took a nose dive, she was like, okay,
maybe Mass Effect wasn't that bad.
No shit.
Yeah, so there you have it.
Anything else you want to read out of that email?
Oh, there's plenty more.
All right.
As for the, well, you know, really this is, I actually, I do have to say this is actually
more of what we've discussed on the show as well, but I really do like this email and
I'm going to post it on the forum if I remember to.
I'm going to move on to the drinking game portion.
Okay.
Uh-oh.
So this is, I know the game series is a bit touchy subject for you guys and already has
great music, but how would a custom soundtrack of Dragon Force or Death Clock be for a Katamari
game?
Dude, yes.
Yes.
I love Metalocalypse.
Anyway, I think it would really change my outlook on the franchise.
I love its fun, cheesy quirkiness and I think Dragon Force soundtrack version of the game
would make me love it even more for its mass chaos, death and destruction as I do love
games with mass carnage.
One last thing, sorta, the OLR drinking games got a big laugh at the chat room saying take
a drink whenever Loki leads off the story with anyways since that first was the first
thing that crossed my mind.
I am very conscious of that now and I have been not saying that.
No, it's okay because now it's part of the drinking game and you want people to drink.
Well I don't want them to die.
True.
They already take a shot every time I say an off-color comment, so you know, people
should be rushed to the hospital already, so.
Alright, well he has some suggestions for us.
Whenever the show goes off on a tangent about food, hey we've had cake all night, so.
Mmm cake.
Delicious cake.
Moist.
Whenever there is Sony bashing after some Sony news, the word addict is used after someone
mentions playing an MMORPG.
Anytime an EE uses the blanking expletive is used outside of the FUs of the week segment,
okay, they can't do that on me then.
Anytime Dark yet the
forward video game channel that shall not be named.
expletive is used outside of the FUs of the week segment okay they can't do that
on me then um anytime dark soccer goes rah rah rah rah rah rah rah rah rah rah
rah rah rah rah rah rah rah rah what hi we need the ferret and whenever Loki
bashes the Mac anytime there's a mention of that former video game channel that
shall not be named anytime there's a mention of that blood-sucking lawyer
there shall not be named what game pro TV any time dreamy JD Roth at any time
Rob says heart to dark Sakura after making fun of her yeah and if Raven
Stoffan is the first caller on the skyline segment and any mention of
pyramid head it definitely any caller that calls in the skyline that's got a
bad like you know connection you know there is a whole thread going on in the
forums and I encourage you to add to this they are actually making an OLR
drinking game in the thread here's some more examples of what's going on in
thread here let's see sky take a drink every time sky says fired fired mentions
the bet or the tingle costume thing tells a joke that no one laughs at or is
met with resounding silence dark Sakura gives an F you to bad drivers or her
co-workers or two stupid people in general mentions sure me the cat and
says reject false icons it's her final thought I haven't said that in a very
long time Loki brings up his dislike of the karaoke performances a refusal to do
that anymore bashes Apple pretty much the same thing our emailer said the
drinking game even extends to some of our weeknight shows such as the
insanest hour and Travis Donovan live but there's some other miscellaneous
things take a shot every time the Olive Garden gets mentioned there you go
exactly see how can you not get into a discussion about the Olive Garden when
it gets mentioned he's like the minister these soup is delicious you go
I love the mystery drink too many mean the mystery soup though no that's what
makes it so great I hate a soup I love let's go back to Olive Garden I owe you
anyway speaking of which kind of going off food tangent here real well drink
they started carrying these soups at Raley's now where it's it's actually the
soup from the guy in New York that you know the soup Nazi get mail obviously
they call him the soup man but not soup Nazi but I tried one the other day not
very good but um you know it looked cool the prospect of getting soup from him
you know it's kind of no soup for you excuse me one year what the fuck did
that have to do with video gaming she mentioned food tangent here's what you
cook soup and cookie mama they're Ford's video game related okay yes bite me
anyway I love the show keep up the great work and I've really enjoyed dark dark
sacros classic game of the week segment that I really do miss the old advice
column they would love to see it come back my advice is don't be stupid that's
sound advice thank you all right if you guys are ever in the Napa area feel free
to drop me an email be glad to take you and your spouses slash boyfriends to
dinner at the restaurants around the valley whoo all right free food awesome
I love deals for free there's a huge massive PS but Rob only for you to read
your part later all right all right we're gonna get back into some news now
Shua all right if you want to email us mailbag at orange laundry calm by the
way we are two stories away from the match game we're gonna be opening up the
skype line very soon and if you would like to play in tonight's match game I
would like you to type me in chat only once if you type it more than once you
will not be eligible however since Moe is our lovely guest here tonight I'm
gonna have her come over and she's gonna pick the name she likes best yes playing
favorites yes she gets to totally play favorites well I'm assuming you probably
don't know many of our listeners so whoever has the coolest name you're
totally in exactly so and tonight on the line a res HD code from our listener at
death who is kind enough to give it away here on the show so if you want to play
in tonight's match game say me and Moe will pick a person very soon to play
match game if you lose there that's okay you can always hammer the skype line
which will be open very soon but first a couple more news stories for us yes a
game I talked about earlier crisis they were having some well not so wonderful
sales before but now they have finally hit 1 million copies sold that's good
for them because it was a pretty good game except for that last level which
really sucked of course to go along with that news they're gonna be showing off
the cry engine to at least the console port of it at the game developers
conference was just coming up actually in a couple weeks here so hopefully
because of that we will see maybe crisis come to you know console system I
remember some talks rumors at least of crisis coming through the ps3 so that'd
be pretty cool to see happen but either way you know maybe give something else
for game companies use others in the end real free engine hmm oh another engines
fully optimized because if you play it on the PC if thing eats your PC I mean
no matter what kind of hardware you have in there but uh I guess because it
wasn't fully optimized thank you cry tech for putting out a wonderfully
polished game not optimized one bit awesome okay well if crisis isn't your
thing which I don't know I haven't really gotten into crisis but I don't
know I could probably get into this game and it's coming to North America soon
it's a game called arcana heart and it's coming to the PlayStation 2 now here's
the thing about this game it's an all-girl fighter that's right all babes
duking it out it's not quite dead or alive let's just put it that way they
are fully clothed girls at least the ones here in this screenshot yes there
is a severe lack of boobies or so important is but we do have a little bit
of panties in that particular shots all right so anyhow I'm Atlas is said that
the ps2 is still a viable platform there's no reason to abandon a veteran
system just because it isn't the newest thing around so some of the Japanese
titles that haven't made its way over here yet atlas plant plans are sorry
yeah atlas plans to bring over here to the states pretty soon our can of heart
has been confirmed it will be coming out on April 8th 11 different customizable
girl fighters $29.99 is the price I'll get it so there you go we don't we
certainly don't have working designs anymore so okay well it's about time for
us to play a match game you know what time it is it's time for the match game
we need some theme music for match game tonight so Jake you have to pause match
buzz for a little bit cuz we need to play a match game tonight remember the
way match game works well let me get the contestants then we'll do match game so
Mo watch come over here we didn't have a whole lot of people say me but we have
that about that area right there is a few people that said me so which one of
those names do you think is the best which should play tonight in the match
game most thinking cheeseburger is going to be our chat room player tonight in
the match game cheeseburgers cheeseburgers are pretty rad so there you
go did cheeseburger Oh cheeseburger left chat fail that's epic
by cheeseburger you lost your opportunity okay so who else do we have okay one
night stands sorry cheeseburger you left it just like the wrong time so we have
one night stands is now our player so I'll get in touch with you in chat
shortly and let's open up the skype line if you want to play with us one eight
seven seven game olr our username on skype orange lounge radio that's one
eight seven seven game olr is something burning oh it might be the thing behind
you I'm just not all right let's see is anybody calling us yeah one eight set
maybe nobody wants to play on skype I don't know one day oh here we go we have
a call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this oh it's SSJ 100 Matt hello
SSJ 100 Matt congratulations you're gonna be our other contestant on the
match game tonight and you get to play against one one night stands in chat who
is you have to confirm with me that he is playing hold on a minute this is a
live radio boys and girls live radio folks should we keep the jeopardy music
maybe we should just play the theme music again because it's so much fun to
listen to let's do it that I see him freaking out I see him freaking out in
chat oh I think you got it there he is okay I think he's got it you send me a
private message there you go all right so I see 100 Matt you ready to do this
let's see what I'm at you there I think everything's broken tonight all right
let me remind you all how this works okay Jake you gotta pause the game okay
let me remind everybody how this works what we're gonna do is we're gonna have
three questions for you tonight and in the questions they all have a blank
there's a blank somewhere in the answer you ever watch the match game in the
70s the reruns on games network it's just like that boy game stuff okay so
we're gonna ask three questions there will be a blank in it so our celebrities
will think about their answer and write it down on a little piece of paper and
five mad libs on my invisible keyboard and then our callers will try to match
okay and if for every celebrity they match they get a point that's how it
works so what you just have to Jake all I have to do think of something funny
that goes in the blank or real doesn't matter okay so I have to do go for funny
all right I have to hopefully one night stands got my is understanding what's
going on because I just got a message that says sweet I don't know what I'm
doing which means you're probably gonna win SSJ 100 Matt you're up some up
against stiff competition tonight are you ready did cheeseburger come back
cheeseburger came back and said what did I miss okay here we go here's what
here's what we'll do since we have a code if if it ties zero zero tonight if
nobody manages to get a point on the board then we'll get cheeseburger the
code yes all right so cheeseburger is hoping that everybody that's fine with
is broke all right somebody fill in time while I type out how to play this to one
night stands we have a zero Sam it's on screen it was funny though because I
think we have Kirby getting she has she has like her suit but there's like a
thong built into the suit that's hot okay he understands now we're good all
right enough of the porno here all right so we have one night stands SSJ 100 Matt
and cheeseburger playing tonight it's our first three-way match game
cheeseburger is simply hoping that no one matches anything all right here we
go question number one dark Sakura was not happy to see jigglypuff return to
Super Smash Brothers brawl however she likes to always look on the bright side
she let all her friends know that she will actually be looking forward to
jigglypuff in the game because she can kill her by blank dark soccer is not
happy the jigglypuff is in the game but no worries she can kill her by blank
chat room you can always feel free to help out with your responses
I'm still thinking this is a top one all right ding if you have an answer mo oh
don't say it yet do you think do you know one I have one yeah one Jake hey
that's one s 200 Matt do you have an answer just in your mind you know okay
I'm waiting for one night stands to send me an answer
so once again the question dark soccer was not happy to see jigglypuff return
to Super Smash Brothers brawl however she likes to always look on the bright
side she let all her friends know that she will actually be looking forward to
jigglypuff in the game because she can kill her by blank and one night stands
still trying to come up with an answer this is a tough question it is a hard
question I'll give you that Rama that was me doing the laugh why don't you
talk a little more about okay there we go we have an answer whew all right SSJ
100 Matt she can kill her by what SSJ 100 having a jigglypuff having a not
having Kirby eater having Kirby eat her all right having Kirby eat her and one
night stands says she can kill her by flop smash flop smash all right let's
see if there's a match dark Sakura she can kill her by by repeatedly bashing
her in the head with mr. Saturn until she dies a bleeding horrible oozy death
well be a very difficult one to match but is a good answer but unfortunately
not a match ladies first mo she can kill her by I was gonna say pyramid head
pyramid head rape sweet rape all right oh gosh look at the time of rape o'clock
unfortunately not unfortunately not a match what time is it rape in time all
right I kept it pretty simple she can kill her by fire fire not a man like
fire I like all these answers so far all right uh Jake she can kill her by I also
went with fire because fire always makes it better
Oh fire would have been a great answer unfortunately not a match and my answer
was she could kill her by in reference to last week condemned to explosive
babies unfortunately also not a match so cheeseburgers in the lead right now
because it's 0-0 meaning cheeseburger might win but that there's still two
questions to go are you ready for the next question SSJ 100 Matt can't believe
you were singing High School Musical 2 all right I can't either I'm sad you
recognize that all right here we go the next question
Loki was so inspired by most performance of still alive in studio that he decided
to pick up a guitar and learn how to play a song for the olr listeners right
next week he will be performing blank live on the show ding ding ding ding
Loki Jake Loki was so inspired by most performance of still alive in studio
that he decided to pick up a guitar and learn how to play a song for the olr
listeners next week he will be performing blank live on the show think
you know an answer yet I'm gonna look at chat room sorry the chat has some funny
shit one night stands seriously just take an answer from Chad oh my gosh I
think I like one of these answers better than the one I wrote down it's too late
I'm still waiting for one night stands to give me an answer
SSJ 100 Matt do you have an answer in your mind yep all right and we're just
waiting on one night stands all right we got an answer for when I say all right
SSJ 100 Matt Loki was so inspired by most performances still alive in studio
that he decided to pick up a guitar and learn how to play a song next week he
will be performing chocolate rain for the listeners all right one night stands
says Mario's theme or stupid response Spice Girls want to be so we'll see if
either one of those matches I don't know I don't know if we let him have two
things all right then we're gonna go with Mario's theme because that's what
he said first all right Dark Sakura he's gonna perform one on live on the show
animal dance animal dance
good animal dance animal dance Mo he will be performing what live on the show
dragon forces through fire and flame dragon forces through the fire and
flames not a not an answer Loki what did you pick I don't know okay we'll just
pick what the chair room says a theme for tingle I don't even know what the
tingle theme is but you know for tingle all right Jake your answer the swinging
jazz ambassadors of swing with my monkey done left me and took all my jello I
like that acoustic dragon force would be pretty funny
it would be kind of wow the monkey the monkey left me and took all my jello
monkey all right and my answer was also tingles theme was my answer so
unfortunately no match but that's okay there is one more question cheeseburgers
very excited right now because it's 0-0 and if it stays 0-0 then cheeseburger
wins by default just for having a cool nickname wins a free copy of res HD
didn't have to do shit but disappear from child sir yes as a 200 Matt what if
I win I'll give it the cheeseburger also oh shiz do you already have the game
SSG 100 Matt is that what's up Jack yeah actually I do okay all right well then
the cheeseburger shit just sit there don't do nothing all right just sit
there and look pretty cheeseburger just sit there and look pretty all right here
we go there's one more that one night stands one I'm in a generous mood one
night stands is not yes is not out yet so here it is question number three the
last question Rob was very disappointed to hear that spore was delayed yet again
he was already with the time off work to play the game all night all day and all
night this spring oh well Rob said I guess I'll just play blank all day Rob
was very disappointed to hear that spore was delayed yet again he was already
with the time off work to play the game oh well I guess I'll just play blank all
day ding ding ding ding Jake keep those gears turning as the show on how to Matt
have you thought of an answer yeah so as one night stands one night stands is
getting the hang of this now he's he's got it this round all right everybody
else Jake yells okay you got it that's the thing highest thing all right here
we go SSJ 100 map oh well Rob said I guess I'll
just play I'm gonna go with the realistic answer and say res HD res HD
all day going for a realistic answer let's see if it pays off dark so oh and
one night stands says oh well I guess I'll just play imagine babies all day
borrow dark I'm gonna go with that all right well let's see what happens dark
Sakura oh well I guess I'll just play your mom your mom all day nice I didn't
know that was a game mo I guess I'll just play major we major we all day as
a good one good good use of a part a reference I like that all right Loki oh
well I guess I'll just play I went with the realistic answer World of Warcraft
World of Warcraft all day Jake oh well I guess I'll just play oblivion oblivion
all day those are both very good answers and I said this is it if I said imagine
babies the one night stands wins it if not cheeseburger wins it Rob was very
disappointed to hear the Spore was laid yet again oh well I guess I'll just play
World of Warcraft all day and that's World of Warcraft not Warcraft so that
means cheeseburger wins just for sitting there and looking pretty in a zero zero
shit all right SSJ 100 Matt you lose so we hang up on you but do you have a
quick plug go Giants win all right we hung up on you all right sorry one night
stands you did good at least you got the hang of the match game I hope you had
fun cheeseburger private message me your email you uh you win match game all
right I love how someone mince wins match game that didn't even play that's
how I roll that's the orange launch radio that's right this is how we roll
here at orange launch radio this is how we roll all right do we have any more
stories yeah all right one more story and then we're gonna open up dare
skype line so not to be outdone by the Wii yet again
ps3 devs have put out a little video saying look at what we could do with the
I or the PlayStation I yeah we can do that VR shit too we're awesome but yeah
basically um in you know kind of impressed by what they've done using the
wiimote you know they kind of this very similar thing actually look like it uses
the exact same program and it's running on a ps3 dev kit to give that you know
head tracking so you know I'm pretty impressed by the PlayStation I'm not
gonna buy it yet but I'm impressed by what you can do with it like you know
the little tech demos and stuff but I would like some actual games that use
this technology instead of just look at what we can do oh but it'll never come
out but just look what we can do all right what do you think what will they
do do you think well they better do something like I like that one where is
the combat type game you know like the old Atari combat but you you know you
can scan in your picture that you want to use as your tank you can just draw a
picture you can put an actual tank on there you know stuff like that that's
cool or like you know the lunar lander game where they make by drawing the
pictures and stuff I mean that's pretty cool that's what they should be doing
with the I instead of just I don't know games right to move a ball around by
waving my arm that's kind of dumb trials of Topac also a stupid name too for the
game she's been trials of Tupac that's that would have sold a lot better
alright on that note we're gonna open up our Skype line for you guys to give us a
call it's one eight seven seven game olr username on Skype orange lounge radio
give us a call right now because we're gonna be taking your calls so last
minute stories oh yeah Japan Post is giving away red DS lights so you had
another color you won't see over here in the US
hooray the ps3 is getting their own greatest hits including such wonderful
games as resistance fall man folk soul or you know folklore I think that's
what's called over here a ninja game Sigma gundam target in sight which I
think sucked and Ridge Racer seven all those are gonna be available for 3,800
yen which translates about 3,599 oh boy you know I just picked up the phone and
who is there on the phone on the orange lounge radio Skype line hello
eating a bag of chips by the sound of it what's on your mind Legend of Zaku no
no nothing but nothing was just coming back from just you know you want to do
but just your Super Bowl shit and stuff um yeah was it was well I was wild crazy
when the Giants won yeah I mean it was it was dead it was kind of quiet when
the game started but then as we further went you know went through there was a
lot of people there and it was it was just man it's on the way you know I had
a time square did you get now did you actually watch the Super Bowl or did you
just play DDR all night no I bought actually you know I had my
Buffalo wings might be here and all that other stuff I actually avoided DDR today
hmm but besides that I mean I don't know if you want to bring up supernova too
since it was probably brought up by other folks anyways oh we haven't talked
a lot about DDR recently on the program but what are your thoughts on DDR
supernova 2 basically it's like this um I don't know it's just bits and bits and
holding us back they're holding us back the fact that we can't even unlock songs
right now we're being out and we're being forced against our will to
basically have to go as far as importing a game or basically just telling the
arcade owners that means and we have good relationships with better than bits
and to just avoid it it's not worth it without even news or a means of
unlocking their form just so you're pissed they didn't bring the Japanese
only EMU system over to America to try and add a little some of the game
tension but bits and being the half-assed American you know folks that
they are just basically say fuck it we're not gonna do it aren't we kind of
lucky to have we are still going in the arcades in the first place I mean huh I
mean think about it that was I remember and the way I might blame the Konami
because they're actually making a good effort in bringing it over here they try
it you know they tried it with this you know with this game they tried it with
guitar fish from Romania which is which hasn't seen at least a year but you know
it fits in this is trying to half-assed away into this the only thing I can see
is you know and I mean literally needs to shake it all right so she can the
biggest in this country what do you what do you think now I'm not playing this
game so giving us a little bet tonight here on the show that's fine but what
what can Betson do to make things right with DDR let's say there's a supernova
three what can they do to make things right well just do what Konami says I mean
that's that's pretty much what they had to do anyways since I know most likely
the way the way they were picked out anyways was you know a contract so you
know since Konami put the bid you know bid out you know the effects in the
contract to distribute games in America by not by basically you know a surfing
Konami's will you know that would that would be on the you know that'd be ground
for breach of contract all right you know Konami will sue if it got that bad
if it was Konami will sue it was putting a damper on their sales all right we
got to wrap up any last-minute thoughts that go um I don't know Call of Duty 4
kicks Halo 3's ass there you have a Call of Duty 4 kicks Halo 3's ass it does
what do you are you Call of Duty fangirl yeah good times it's gorgeous Call of
Duty 3 sucked called it for good reason Call of Duty 3 was fun we wasn't
Infinity Ward Call of Duty 2 I liked it because there's one level that you can
download that had a giant tower in the middle of that and we absolutely love
playing multiplayer and that is whoever could see it you know king of the tower
is a king of the hill but um I don't know um 1 8 7 7 game olr username on
Skype orange already called 83 was ok but yeah call before was a lot better
yeah well cuz Call of Duty 3 was a completely different team so yeah all
right um I have some big news before we go to this next call cheeseburger has
deferred the prize saying that unfortunately he only has a we so the
prize does him no good so the prize will go back into the prize pool and we'll
give it away next week here on the program in another lame game so I try
tuning next week for your chance to win res HD cheeseburger says instead my
birthday is on the 14th say happy birthday on the show instead okay so
happy birthday cheeseburger all right there you go have a good birthdays on
Valentine's Day that is so awesome that's kind of and cute it's cute all
right let's go to the sky fly to hire on orange launch radio who's this I thought
we had well hello Rama what's on your mind um hey before I start I'm Jamie
Jamie stepped out for just a minute she stepped out for just a minute for a
giant we yes I think she's taking a major we so do you have can we can we
relay something to her what would you say if she was here oh me or me or you
because I just want to say I can has a Guinness that's all is is there a major
like tonight I think there is maybe the cam slowing things down I don't know it
might be on my end if there is I'm sorry no it's alright we forgive you so I can
has a Guinness we will relay the message to her is there anything else you want
to say about the program join the show so far and this party because out on the
road friends getting tattooed well you missed you missed most lovely rendition
of still alive how dare you I will I'll catch the replay on Justin TV all right
so Jamie is back what you want to say to Jamie Jamie what I can has a Guinness
yes you can have I can ask you this I can have Smith which is why I called is
that I'm kind of tired of the DDR bashing by by the diehards can we just
let it be okay we already realized that Konami doesn't care they're doing what
they can just leave it at because I'm just a happy-go-lucky player I'm just
happy that we even have the game in the arcades can we just leave it at that
can't we just all agree that DDR is gay can't we all just get along right and I
can say that because I am so is it gayer than you or gay as you know I'm just I'm
just kidding obvious I'm DDR is not gay DDR is just it's DDR totally does not
like to sleep with other DDR is the same gender I beg to differ no I'm kidding I
don't yeah I've said the DDR argument so many times I'm like blue in the face I
just I want to look at pretty Smash Brothers brawl more that's all I want is
that okay but um Rob what a few episodes back you said some about any I think you
would do to make DDR better you kind of glance over what would you do to make it
better I really have to hear what you would do I would scrap all the code they
have ever used to make DDR and build the game from the ground up it's gonna force
them to think of some new ideas on how to make the game original again and I
would bring over some of the people that helped on the Xbox version if they're
still with the company additionally I would think about how to make the game
more competitive than cooperative in nature because yes there was the dance
battle mode or whatever in supernova but I think a mode like that should be the
focus of the game next time and not an afterthought that's my thoughts
literally redesign I mean the game can still be single-player and have that's
modes and they can have some cooperative features in it but make it more of a
tournament game relaunch the game is dance dance tournament or something I
don't know so all right Rama we gotta let you go try and get some more calls
okay okay and one more thing yes I'm aware was not taking classic own for we
consoles what's that Nintendo world is only accepting plastic for we console
sales why is that I don't know that's the sign in the window when you walk in
Wow no checks no cash nope safe it's Apple is doing with the iPhones plastic
only interesting all right well thanks for the heads up our man in New York
City is next week our man in New York City DJ Romas right there so is that go
in New York City and SSG 100 this is a New York show tonight our contestant
was New York City to plastic I'm coming to think of that that actually leaves a
data trail that's true cash money is almost untraceable let's do one more
call tonight hi you're on orange Andrea who's this hi this is one night stands
hello one night stands what's on your mind oh no much you know after playing
that game I kind of just wanted to call in well are you apologizing for your
horrendous performance and again I'm totally kidding you know what games are
so much easier when you're just watching and playing them or playing along but
when you're actually a contestant it's so much weirder it is the radio is high
stress stuff it is just ask mo what did she what did she say before the show she
was gonna she was gonna throw up my pelvis hello yeah so I'm sorry we're
here hello okay hello hello what else did you want to help hi what else did
you want to say one night stands oh um you know what well a couple weeks ago I
actually wrote in an email for the first time it was actually right out on the
air I guess mm-hmm and I was just you know just felt like saying hi also I
just you know just wanted to know about the whole thing if you really were
coming out here I'm sorry what was that you were asking about what coming out
here huh what was that you just said you dropped out for a minute hello hello
what the hell man hello hello hello goodbye
okay thanks for calling one night stands nothing personal Skype hates us tonight
what is up with that I'm punishing the Skype line we're closing that in the
future we might just have to shut off Justin TV or something when we do
Skype line sorry one night stands it's nothing personal it's not you it's just
the connection I don't know what the hell's going on that's gonna do it for
our Skype line tonight but we encourage you to send more emails to us mailbag
orange lounge radio.com and or leave us voicemails you can always call the
Skype line when we're not live at 1 877 game olr and leave us lovely voicemails
that's always a good time any more last-minute stories Loki yeah actually a
couple things real quick Monster Hunter apparently their Capcom is re leasing
this grip for the PSP it looks stupid but it's the Monster Hunter grip
accessory and it's lame looking yeah it is retarded sorry close the window already
and one other one playing trade they're actually starting to expand in the UK
now because I think they're they think they're so cocky and wonderful that
they're going to take on both GameStop and game and now good luck to them
that's it dark soccer do you have anything last for us I like fire that's
excellent also I'd like to point out there is now a Photoshop contest that
Irene of all people who started in our orange lounge radio forums you know
where's rice princess here on the show yeah I know this is gonna be a good time
well don't worry she picks on me mostly but apparently there's a Photoshop
contest going on here and let's see you can Photoshop and I'm sorry one is a
caption and meet me dancing with Pikachu is the one to caption and Photoshop is
me and dark Sakura attacking Loki is the Photoshop challenge so good luck with
that and then there's some animated picture of me swimming I don't know what
the hell that is beautiful that's what it is that's all in our forums over at
orange lounge radio comm it's the caption Photoshop contest you can't miss
it if we can't give away that res code any other way we might have to do it
there I hope I hope though our listeners want to win some free shit because all
I'm gonna say is that coming soon we're gonna be giving away a lot of stuff a
lot of stuff more details in the coming weeks all right let's go around at this
point and get everybody's final thought Jake I know you didn't say much tonight
but you were entertaining the Justin TV crowd with much playing of Smash
Brothers brawl first off what do you think of a Smash Brothers brawl two
words fucking awesome excellent any final thoughts for our listeners tonight
I'm tired and I want to go to bed all right fair enough
Loki any final thoughts for our listeners tonight need to find cage match
song mo thanks so much for being here tonight I know what I'm not dead in a
ditch nerve-racking well there is always the part after the show I'm just kidding
but we hope you enjoyed the cake and thanks so much for taking a chance and
now coming on our program we hope you had fun thank you for inviting me no
problem come back sometime you don't you don't even have to bring a new song you
can just do you just come over just cuz you want to any final thoughts for our
listeners um my Texan wife just made me lose the game so anyone out there
playing the game you just lost and hi to my Texan wife all right oh a special
shout out there all right dark soccer any final thoughts cake cake is good
delicious and moist my final thought is as always thank you guys so much for
downloading and listening to independent podcasting if you like us remember we
don't have any big magazine supporting us or anybody that big in general so
please leave us a comment and in iTunes a nice five-star review or you know
spread the word by telling two friends about our program whatever it takes to
get our name out there we appreciate it that's going to do it for another week
next week on the program it looks like we'll be giving away res HD we still
have act F's code to give away and who knows what other insanity awaits us next
week you'll just have to tune in to find out so until then I'm Rob she's Jamie
he's Loki and we're out till next week
you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is Orange
Lounge production for more information on our live and podcast program visit
our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com see you next week
