Tonight, February 3rd, 2008, could the PlayStation 3 hard drive be getting even bigger?
New Animal Crossing and Kirby games are rumored for release this holiday.
And did Spore's release get pushed back yet again?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on DARE Internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Cuddly DarkSakura.
Hi.
She's not like her internet persona in real life.
She's actually very sweet, right?
If you add lots of sugar.
All right.
And how are you doing, Miss Sakura?
I'm frustrated with the mailbag.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Why?
What did the mailbag do to you?
It's being a bitch.
I'm sorry to hear that.
All right.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Eating McDonald's in traditional Loki fashion.
Hey, it's not for... Aren't you afraid of getting sweet and sour sauce on your laptop?
Nope.
You can lick it off.
That's right, you can lick it off.
Exactly.
I wouldn't do that.
Say hello as well to somebody brand new to our show.
And I've got to say, this is one of the bravest girls in the entire world because she has no idea who the F we are.
And she gets some email from us on YouTube saying, Hey, you're pretty cool.
You should come be on our program.
But she's a real good sport.
She's here tonight.
Give it up for Mo.
Hello, Interweb.
Why am I waving?
Why am I waving?
Why are you waving?
Because we do have an internet cam over there on JustinTV.
We might just want to get that mic a little closer to you so we make sure you get picked up on there.
But how are you?
I'm nervous, but super.
Yeah?
Why are you nervous?
There's nothing to be nervous about.
We don't bite.
Much.
I don't trust her.
You don't even trust our Sakura?
You've heard stories?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hello, Interwebs.
How are you, Jake?
Getting thrashed by Snake.
All right, awesome.
And we're not going to be able to use this mic to talk to Jake, or I might smash over poor Moe's guitar, and that wouldn't be good.
And yes, we are taking a look at Smash Bros.
Brawl in Z-House.
Now, Loki, you imported a copy of Smash Bros.
Brawl.
Yes.
So this is something that we picked up.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My gaming week was actually very not because the only thing that I could play without hurting myself was Ragnarok because it's just, you know, point and click, that type of thing.
So, yeah.
I didn't even play any pinball.
No pinball?
No pinball.
Oh, my gosh.
Same reason.
Wow.
Well, sorry to hear about that.
We hope you feel better soon and you're back into gaming and all that good stuff.
I did watch a lot of Burnout Paradise, though.
Very cool.
What did you think of what you saw?
I thought that I really, really, really, really, really, really like crashes.
And I like the super jumps.
Very cool.
Like the really long ones where you get the different angles.
And I'm like, Dukes of Hazzard, yo.
It was cool.
Good times.
All right.
Well, hopefully you'll be back up and running soon.
Your middle finger will be back in commission and you can flip people off and all that good stuff.
It's kind of funny because if I forget to wear my finger brace at night, I wake up in the morning all devil horns.
So it's not all bad.
She rolls out of bed ready to rock.
Yep.
And you know, if it were more fingers, it'd be too much metal for one hand.
Awesome.
All right.
Loki, we'll go over to you.
How was your gaming week?
Put down the controller.
My gaming week was fine.
You are not trying to do this and play at the same time.
You are not.
You can leave it alone for five seconds.
Hey, I'm not playing it.
I was setting up the game for me because it was set up to cheat.
So we were fixing it.
Fine.
The Red Bulls ones?
Yeah, he keeps beating my crashing ones, so I go through and specifically go and beat his.
He's not actually doing it on purpose.
I know.
We talked about it.
I know.
Well, the whole reason he did the road rules thing is because he wanted the gold signs, and that was it, and he wanted the car.
Yeah, well, I understand that, but I have to beat everybody on my friends list, so that's why I've been going through and doing that.
Well, if you tell him it's a competition, he will compete.
It was fun.
I love the game.
It's great, just crashing everything, which kind of gives me...
To my other topic here, I had another 360 die.
Three rings.
I brought it back to life four times and it's died four times.
Did you have to give it mouth to mouth?
No, I had to overheat it quite a few times.
Sounds hot.
This next time, though, it's not going to be pretty.
I'm going to be taking a heat gun to it about a thousand degrees.
It will work or it will melt.
One of the two.
Okay.
And then, let's see, what else did I get?
Oh, actually, I imported another game.
It's a game called... God, I don't remember what it's called now.
I was going to say, while you're thinking about that, for your Xbox 360, you know, Jake had a really good idea before the show for our soundboard.
Our soundboard's been giving us a little bit of problems this week.
It's like popping randomly in the left speaker.
So I apologize if some of that's coming across on the podcast feed.
It shouldn't be because our talking should overrule the popping in the left speaker.
But Jake has suggested that we give the soundboard a Viking funeral.
So perhaps we should do that to your Xbox 360.
We'll go to my neighbor's pool when she's not home, put it in a little floaty boat, set it on fire.
I'm not ready to give up on it yet.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyways, I'm trying to remember what the hell that name of the game was.
Other things I've played other than that, of course, Smash Bros.
Brawl.
Just started playing a bit of that.
To be honest, I'm not very good at it.
But it's cool.
It's a really cool game.
Like I said, it's probably worth buying twice.
So definitely check it out if you can as soon as you can.
We've actually unlocked quite a few players.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Let's see.
What else did they play?
Rez HD.
Oh my god, is that awesome.
Playing that on a surround sound system?
Oh yeah.
That is some good stuff there.
Absolutely love that game.
Let's see.
Oh!
Now this is the game that I imported for the Game Boy Advance.
DotStream is the name of it.
It's one of the bit generation titles.
You race lines.
And it's actually pretty fun.
Cheap little titles like 20 bucks.
I'll have to show you, Rob, some of it a little bit later.
And that's pretty much it.
Awesome.
Well, sounds like you've had a very busy gaming week.
I try.
All right, well, I want to go to our guest, Mo, and see what Mo's been playing this week.
Now, Mo, you don't just do this YouTube thing and cover video game songs.
You do actually play video games.
You work in video games.
You're a gamer girl, right?
Yes, I am.
You sure are, so don't doubt it.
So what kind of games have you been playing this week?
I played a lot of Burnout because it's beautiful and there's nothing more entertaining than slamming into things.
I was playing Mass Effect until I realized that I can't read the subtitles on my crappy old TV.
which was very depressing because it looks awesome so far but I'm a really crappy shot.
And Team Fortress 2 because I live on that game.
Awesome.
Very cool.
So you've been very busy.
Yeah, I ended up having to install Orange Box onto my PC since somebody's borrowing my 360 copy still.
My bad.
He's better on PC.
No, actually the whole reason I installed Orange Box on my PC I don't know if I mentioned it before was that
I'm trying to extract the Sentry bot out of the game, the actual 3D model, because I want to make one.
Because I think that would be funny to have in my cubicle.
But I haven't gotten around to that yet.
Now, Mo, are you an Orange Box player on PC or Xbox 360?
I am a PC player.
Why is that?
You just prefer that?
You think it's more of a keyboard and mouse type game, or are you like, Xbox sucks, or what?
I have a 360.
I love my 360, but I cannot do shooters on console at all.
I'm a terrible shot.
I cannot play Halo for the life of me.
Gotcha.
So I have to boost my ego by going back to Team Fortress and destroying people.
All right.
Oh.
I forgot, I also played Crysis trying to beat the last level again because it's still glitching out on me and I can't beat it because goddamn commander or whoever stuck, you know, holding his arms out with a gun in his hand and won't trigger the last scene.
I really hate that game, at the end at least.
The rest of the game is awesome, it's just the end fucking sucks.
Seriously.
Alright.
Well, I'll talk a little bit about my gaming week and then Jake, do you think you can put down Smash Brothers for a minute to talk about your gaming week as soon as I'm done here?
He's giving me a pouty face.
Let's see.
My gaming week was pretty much Rez HD all freaking week.
I agree with Loki.
Rez HD is a beautiful game, and it's time for Rez to make a little bit of a comeback.
It was a little bit fuzzy on the PlayStation 2 and the Dreamcast.
Not that it was bad, but just to take it to that next level where you can play it in beautiful, beautiful HD and the sound system and everything.
It's just gorgeous, and it's probably the greatest rail shooter game like ever.
For real, I just love Rez, and it's a beautiful game, and the graphics are great.
I mean, it's only like 10 bucks, so it's a great deal.
I think it's probably the best Xbox Live Arcade game they've put out yet, honestly.
I'm totally in love with Rez HD.
That's really it.
Otherwise, I've been playing Warcraft still, because I'm a big nerd.
Sassy Pants, my level 70 character, who's awesome, and she now has a sister named Sassy Llama, who is a shaman.
I just made that, so...
If you don't know what that means, check Urban Dictionary.
So there you go.
Anyway, Loki, you've got to give Jake your mic.
Jake, now you're new to the program, right?
But you're a gamer too, right?
No, I'm not a gamer.
Yeah, you've just been attached to Smash Brothers for all night.
What kind of games do you play?
What have you been playing this week?
I was in Baltimore all week, so I've been playing Rock Band.
And lots of Rock Band.
and more Rock Band up until midnight on Wednesday.
What do you love so much about Rock Band?
Character creation, the party aspect.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's less easy mode.
It's a little more... It's like WoW, only more difficult, as far as I can tell.
Deeper craft system, lots more race to choose from.
You can be a fairy in EverQuest 2, correct?
And a frog, and a rat.
That's pretty awesome.
And they added the dragons.
Cool.
What else?
What other MMOs have you been playing?
No, aside from WoW, Tabula Rasa I've been digging into since the beta.
Mm-hmm.
Describe for our listeners what Tabula Rasa's all about, because I'm not too familiar with this game outside of what you showed me, which wasn't a whole lot, so... Essentially, it's a third-person shooter MMO.
You go around, you blast aliens, instead of grinding on goblins and orcs and whatnot.
Would you say it's really unlike any other MMO out there, or is there something you can compare it to, or... There's not much you can compare it to, aside from, like, a tactical shooter, because you can actually use cover effectively, and... Mm-hmm.
It's hard to describe, though, as far as that goes.
Gotcha.
All right.
So you recommend all these games?
Do you think if somebody actually has the time to juggle three different MMOs, they should?
Definitely.
Now, wait a minute.
You play three different MMOs, but you do have a day job, right?
I think so.
And you do go outdoors once in a while?
I'm here.
So you break the stereotype?
Yes.
All right.
Excellent.
I'm glad to hear you have a healthy, balanced lifestyle.
That's great.
Doubtful.
All right.
Also, chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to participate in the program tonight.
We'd love to hear what you guys have to say.
A lot of folks in chat talking about the Super Bowl, which is going on right now during our program.
Although I would think either you're probably watching the Super Bowl and all into that, or you came over here and watched this.
Although most of our listeners listen on the podcast anyway, so for most people, the Super Bowl is long past over.
SonOfDad says, Tabula Rasa already went clearance at my target.
So I guess Tabula Rasa's not selling too well.
I guess not a lot of people picked up on the innovation.
HitStun, praising RezHD, HitStun says, RezHD is awesome, and have a 360 and don't already have Rez, you'd be stupid not to pick this up.
I heard a lot of people were kind of passing on RezHD because they didn't have, or they already had a previous copy of Rez on PlayStation 2 or Dreamcast or whatever.
TigerClaw says, Sky, I bet you were dancing and pulling out your glow sticks while playing Rez HD.
Not quite, but I had to do the Transvibrator mode.
I almost looked up three different controllers for that, but I didn't have three different controllers at my house, so I tried just the controller I was playing with, and I was just kind of, eh.
Yeah, it's regular.
Well, I have the controller I was playing with, and then my wireless, so I put the wireless on my back, because that's what, you know, Tetsu Mizuguchi says to do, is you should put one towards your lower back, and it's actually kind of freaky.
But it's like a free back massage while you play video games.
So it was kind of cool and it's in time with the music.
It's certainly an experience.
I'll say that.
Let's see.
Frisbee is not excited that there's Smash Bros.
Brawl in house.
He says, turn it off.
It's rude to play games that we non-importers don't have yet.
Sorry, dude.
I don't know what to tell you.
We really want to play, dude.
Blame Nintendo for not doing a worldwide release.
That's what I say.
It's alright, they wouldn't have had enough units to do it anyways.
Alright.
That's right, because they're having problems, aren't they?
They're a little short.
A little?
Well, actually, no, seriously, it is just a little short, because they only fulfill, I forget how much of it, not much, let me put like 20% of the pre-orders, but the rest are coming next week, so... So it's not as bad as when Zelda came out?
Yeah, it's not that bad.
I mean...
Every major Nintendo title has been short anyways.
Mario Galaxy was like that.
Zelda.
I'm sure Wii Fit when that comes over here.
Mario Kart.
And the only reason Mario Kart is going to be short is because it can't produce enough of those stupid steering wheels.
It would be something stupid and arbitrary that's holding the whole thing up.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
or how cold does it get at the South Pole?
That kind of stuff fascinates me.
It's fascinating.
How's Santa Claus doing at the North Pole?
You want to check on these things.
These are things that America wants to know as well as the rest of the world.
All right.
Let's see.
Portal Combat in our chat room says, I want Portal song now.
So apparently some of our chatters are getting impatient.
Hey, how does it feel to want?
You've got to wait.
Patience is a virtue.
All right.
And also, because we know Mo's a little bit nervous and, you know, is very brave of her to come to a complete stranger's house to be on his internet program, you know, we could have, like...
Hit her over the head with a shovel and buried her in the backyard.
She didn't know.
That's what I was afraid of.
She's very brave to come here.
So once we get past part A and the musical performance, we're going to celebrate a little bit during tonight's bonus segment.
So once the song is performed, there will be cake.
From the chat room, from the chat room, Glowbanja says, me want song two.
Do you know any blur?
I don't know.
Maybe I can do it.
I can wing it.
You actually do.
Now, you actually do other songs besides just...
I had to make a specific filter in my email just for all my YouTube comments.
Nice.
Congratulations.
That's pretty awesome to see somebody literally out of their bedroom.
I think that's why we wanted to reach out.
My room is such a mess.
No, because literally, where did this show start?
Out of my spare bedroom, and Loki and I lived together for a little while.
We were doing the show out of our living room.
I think we have a lot of respect for people who create something out of nothing.
People can see my drums from Rock Band behind me, and then the mess on my floor.
They can see my posters.
Well, next time you need to... Somebody here in the Justin TV chat, somebody was, I don't know, being a troll and said something about who decorated this place, an 11-year-old girl.
So, you know, people are critical of whatever decorations you got going on.
Because I'm so sure an 11-year-old girl would have the Cartman doll and a rainbow blanket.
I would have when I was 11.
Oh, maybe.
When I was 11, I think I had gremlins.
All right.
I think I had Legos.
All right, let's get to the gaming news, and then we can, I promise, we will get to the Portal song.
But we got to tease it a little bit and get some news out of the way first.
Also, just want to give some quick plugs.
If you don't know already, we have a live journal community at Orange Lounge.
We have a MySpace, myspace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And a Facebook community is there, too, if you search for the OL Army.
It is our Facebook community, too.
So social networking whores, that's us.
So check us out on those different websites.
That's that.
Let's get to the gaming news, Loki.
Alright, well, as we talked about last week, there's rumors going around that the 80GB PlayStation 3 system is being phased out.
And of course we know that's true with Best Buy, and it's also supposedly true with GameStop and EB.
Well, now there's another rumor to kind of go along with that rumor, and that is that there's going to be a new PlayStation 3 system, SKU, that's going to have a 120 to 160GB hard drive.
and it's going to come with a DualShock 3 controller, all for the same price point of $4.99.
And if you think about it, that makes perfect sense, seeing as the DualShock 3 controller is supposed to be over here in March anyways, right around the corner.
And, you know, it's kind of funny how we laughed before, like, you know, back when Kutaragi was talking about, oh yeah, we're going to, it's going to be like a PC, we're going to upgrade it, you know,
All the time, you know, it's going to be constantly changing.
And we're like, ah, that's stupid, you're an idiot.
And sure enough...
They keep upgrading it and it gets even more confusing.
So, like, you just get these bigger and bigger hard drives that you can put nothing on because there is nothing on the PlayStation 3 that uses that hard drive except a couple of games will install all their ships with the hard drive.
They're future-proofing it, okay?
Someday there'll be something on there and someday you'll need to fill the hard drive with that something.
When home finally comes out, it'll take up 90 gigs on your hard drive just to run.
That's right.
You're going to need room for all that SingStar.
In 2010, when Home finally comes out, you're going to need that 500 gig hard drive that will be out by then.
Yeah, who's going to say it?
For all the porn that people are going to be playing in their homes.
No.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It's Studio 54 all over again.
Have you not done your homework, Loki?
The internet is for porn.
And for piracy.
Well, you can piracy your...
Pirate porn.
Pirate porn.
Hey.
There is a porn called Pirates.
There is a one called Pirates.
There is a porn called Pirates.
It was the highest produced, like, most expensive porn ever made.
One of our lesbians has it.
Hold on, hold on.
I've seen it.
It's actually pretty well produced.
Mo is apparently not only a YouTube celebrity, but she's a connoisseur of porn.
Apparently as well.
I hope to God my mom isn't watching this.
I know, I was like, your mom's not watching tonight, right?
Hi, mom.
Just kidding.
We're wacky internet people.
All right, we tell jokes.
Anyhow.
Anything else you want to say about the PlayStation?
About the PlayStation 3?
Stop making new SKUs!
It's confusing!
And all you're going to do is convince people, well, if I wait longer, it'll be better.
That's what they're going to get stuck doing.
Seriously.
How much do you want to bet this new SKU is just not going to have backwards compatibility whatsoever on it?
Just like the 40?
Yep, just like the 40.
They're just going to screw everybody.
They're also talking about an 80 gig with a different game, too.
Probably Lair, since it doesn't sell.
That would make sense.
Hooray!
Let's see, and SonOfDad says in chat.orange.com PlayStation 3, one year, five SKUs, no fucking games.
Hey, there's Uncharted.
Orko says porn is greater than cake.
I don't know, cake is pretty good.
Of course that brings Aisu and SakuraMax in unison to say the porn is a lie.
Actually, it was funny while I was half asleep this morning because I was supposed to be waiting for breakfast, but I wasn't.
Dan was talking to one of his buddies while playing Burnout Paradise about the difference between going online on the Xbox 360 as opposed to going online on the PlayStation 3.
How with Xbox 360, it's just part of the experience.
It's there.
Everybody's there.
He was talking about going online with SOCOM and saying how it was like filing your taxes.
You have to go through all these steps just to be able to do it.
So if you're going to be an online player, then having a PS3 isn't worth it.
You know, sometimes friend codes don't look so bad when you put all that in comparison.
I mean, it's like, you know, I don't know.
One thing that the PlayStation 2 will probably infamously be remembered for is Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
Of course, you remember that whole controversy with, you know, there was OMG sex was unlockable.
Speaking of porn, was unlockable within the game and, you know, it was a whole hot coffee mess.
Ugly sex.
If you may remember when we last left off, there was a settlement that was going to happen where you could actually replace your game and you could get some sort of, you know, severance.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The settlement will offer different levels of compensation depending on your proof that a violated buyer may have to offer.
So if you have an original copy of the game, you can get, of course, the replacement disc.
If you have the receipt with it, you can get a $35 cash payment as part of the settlement.
And if you have a credit card statement or check, you get $17.50.
If you get a disc, no receipt, $10.00.
If you have no receipt and no game, you can earn $5.
Sweet!
So here you go.
If you want to get a free $5 from Take-Two, all you have to do is promise under penalty of perjury that you purchased the game and you played the offending game and it raped your fragile mind.
I don't know.
You've got to just swear that the game did things to your mind you were not prepared for.
Some people enjoy that.
I'm looking forward to seeing how many people will do that just to get $5.
I mean, I don't know if it's worth it.
That is lunch at McDonald's for a day.
$5 will totally get me teriyaki.
Exactly.
Lunch on take two, everybody.
Lunch on take two this week.
Enjoy.
That would totally buy me some hot coffee.
You know.
You know, that $5 that you can get from, you know, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas because it, you know, warped your freaking mind, that's $5 that you can put down on a new copy of Grand Theft Auto 4 when it comes out.
Exactly.
Pays for your pre-order.
Exactly.
Yeah, I wouldn't walk into your favorite game retail store to try and stake your claim to this because, you know, once you get the $5, you're going to say, you need to pre-order the new game, right?
No, I'm just kidding.
All right, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Hopefully this is the last we will ever hear of the hot coffee scandal.
No, it won't be.
So in Gran Turismo, there's a hot coffee... No, I'm just kidding.
But speaking of Gran Turismo, there's a fun little bit that's out, though, for $40.
Like, I wouldn't pay for that.
But Gran Turismo 5 Prologue has an April 17th release date.
and it will have 60 cars and you will get like Nissan and Ferraris and Audis like you'd want an Audi and different levels.
I believe there's five tracks and you can either download it or pay for the disc and with the disc you get a special video.
Awesome.
You know what that means?
That means that you can buy a half done game for 30 bucks or 40 bucks and then guess what?
You can wait for the full game to come out, and then pay another $60, because you're a whore.
But wait, wait, wait.
You get a half-done game now, and then you get a 90% done game later.
And then they'll put out, like, special edition that's completely finished.
You'll have Gran Turismo 5 Prologue, the sequel, which will be, like, almost done.
We swear, we're almost done with the game.
This is 60% done now.
Loki, you put it so eloquently.
You just have a way with words.
You know that, right?
I know.
I was going to say, this is a lot of crap for a game that's not really done.
But...
It's not that great anyways.
People are going to do it.
They're going to be like, oh my god, I have to have it.
I'm a consumer whore.
Or just wait for the full game to come out.
Because people don't know how to be patient.
Yeah, I guess I can't really talk about patience.
Do you have any weeds now?
No.
More news, please.
I agree, we need to get to the Portal song sooner rather than later because that means less talking from us.
Sorry.
And I actually meant, okay, now this story, I meant to get something to actually test this out on the show, but I was too lazy to stop by anyways.
Firmware 3.9 has come out.
Too lazy or too busy playing Smash Bros.
Brawl?
Too lazy.
So I was basically, because I was going to stop at GameStop and get a headset for my PSP so I can talk on Skype so we can test it during the show, but I figured, no, that'd be dumb, and I don't want to waste $20 on a headset when I will never, I'll never use Skype.
I apologize for ever asking about the story.
Is there anywhere to find the headsets?
It's really hard to find that.
Anyway, so, firmware 3.9 has come out for the PSP, and it does feature Skype if you have the PSP Slim, and two days later it was cracked, and is now available for everybody else like me.
So, hooray!
Way to go, Sony.
Keeping up with that security thing.
Now, does the crack still work off some type of exploit, or how exactly does that work?
They basically decrypt the whole firmware, and then they just modify it so you can install it on your PSP with homebrew support and other stuff like that.
All right.
So one more time, just to recap, the new PSP firmware came out this week.
It was promptly cracked two days later.
All right.
I always feel like every time we have a story about the firmware getting cracked, Sony comes out and says, nobody's ever going to crack this, this is the foolproof firmware, we've closed the loophole, no one's ever going to crack it, and then two days later... It gets even better, and I don't think this made the show roll, but they're finding a way now to inject the 1.5 firmware...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right.
Well, if you're looking for more things to use your PSP for, pretty soon Flow is going to be coming out on the PSP.
You might know this game as the screensaver that you play.
This originally came out on the PlayStation Network, of course, and it will soon be coming out to the PSP.
This is according to Computer and Video Games.
The PSP version probably won't be changed much from the original PlayStation 3 version.
I'm trying to think, you know, how exactly do you mess with flow?
Do you give the game a plot or like an objective?
Eat stuff.
Become bigger.
Evolve.
That's right.
I forgot the instructions that the game gives you.
Eat stuff.
There you go.
Alright, well let's see what else is coming out soon from around the world.
We're going to take a minute to travel the globe and check out some release dates.
We'll start off with Jamie.
Yeah, me.
Well we have a few, actually quite a number of releases coming out in the UK.
On the 6th is Poker Smash on Xbox 360, which we will be discussing later.
On the 8th is where a bunch of stuff is coming out.
We have Agatha Christie and Then There Were None, An Arctic Tale, Art of Fighting Anthology, Cars Matter National, Conflict Denied Ops, Devil May Cry 4 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, Final Fantasy 1 Anniversary Edition, Final Fantasy 2 Anniversary Edition, Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, Imagination Invades, Iridium Runners, Life Science Hospital Affairs, Mario and Sonic at the
Medal of Honor, Heroes 2, NFL Tour, Nitro Bike, PDC World Darts Championship 2008, oh fun, Pick Pick on DS, Professor Kageyama's Math Training, Puzzle Quest, Challenge of the Warlords, Showtime Championship Boxing, Speedball 2 Tournament, SpongeBob Atlanta SquarePants, okay, SquarePanta, sorry,
I just can't, I'm sorry.
I know, I was like, whatever.
The Club, which is on Xbox 360, PS3, and PC.
We have Turok.
Is that so people don't steal your 360, or what?
Yeah, Rob.
Because when you see them about to take it, you beat them with the club.
I see.
That's it.
Alright.
The US, there's quite a bit coming out as well.
The highlights for this week, of course, Devil May Cry 4 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Turok, that's on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Although, if you're smart, you know that it's already out now, so you can pick it up anyways.
Assassin's Creed, Altair's Chronicles on the DS.
Sins of a Solar Empire on the PC.
Caldicep Saga on Xbox 360.
I'm actually excited about this game.
I'm one of those cultist Caldicep fans for some reason.
I played the Xbox 360 demo.
It's awesome.
Wow, that sounds like exciting.
Yeah, my phone was even excited.
It just went off.
Twisted Metal Head-On Extra Twisted Edition for PlayStation 2.
Space Force Captains on PC.
Downstream Panic on the PSP, which is kind of like a ripoff of LocoRoco when you look at it.
Karaoke Revolution Presents American Idol Encore coming out on 360, Wii, and PlayStation 2.
Not touching that game.
I thought it was awful.
Nobunaga's Ambition Rise to Power on PlayStation 2.
The Spider Chronicles on Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PC, and the DS.
I think that's also coming out in the Wii at the same time, too.
Zoo Tycoon 2 on the DS.
My Horse and Me on the Wii and the DS.
Hooray!
And, let's see, Medieval 2 Total War, the Gold Pack.
And one other thing, the, well, we weren't sure if it was coming out, but, you know, that Cobalt Blue and Black DS finally confirmed to be coming out on the 10th now.
Because you didn't know that three weeks ago.
No, you didn't know that three weeks ago.
And to kind of go along with that, Professor Layton and the Curious Village on the DS, which is hot shit right now in Japan, but I don't know what the draw is, but great.
And then Puppy Palace on DS, because there's just not enough puppy-raising sims, my god.
And what other fun stuff here?
I'm sorry, I had to read Merv Griffin's crosswords on the PC.
Wow.
Isn't that like a game show now or something?
I guess.
Why do they have him hosting anything?
That's just weird.
Well, Merv Griffin's kind of dead, so he can't host much right now unless it's... Crosswords.
Zombie crosswords, yes.
I don't know.
He could be like a computer reanimation, because that's sort of what I think happened to John Madden.
I don't think Merv Griffin died that long ago, so this might be in the too soon category, so we need to be careful.
There might be some listeners out there who are still traumatized by the whole thing.
Okay.
Okay.
Sure.
Exactly.
Dick Clark should be dead and worse is justice.
Can't you tell his contract with the devil already ran wore out?
It happened very quickly.
Here's what it is.
Dick Clark is seriously the inspiration for that movie Final Destination.
He has dodged death so many times.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the finest in video game chat.
I'm done.
That's it.
That's all that's coming out this week.
All right, let's move over then to the...
Xbox 360 Japanese release dates.
Our friends in Japan will be playing Battle Stations Midway when it comes out on February 7, 2008.
Or not, because they may not buy it.
I don't know.
Also on the PlayStation 3 coming out, Transformers The Game finally makes its way to the PlayStation 3 in Japan.
We're all sorry.
And Loki gives that its highest recommendation, by the way.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, I don't know, Major Nelson might have some competition because the Wii's getting a game called Major Wii, Najiro Gyro Ball.
So... Major we.
Major we.
If you want to get your major we on.
Oh my god, we.
How old are we?
Usually after I watch a movie.
Thanks for watching!
and a cowboy hat with a samurai sword killing zombies.
What more do you need?
I'm sold.
This sounds like it could be the greatest game ever made.
How have we not heard more about this?
This was supposed to be on the 360.
This was like the other game that they made other than Earth Defense Force 2017.
Can you get your waggle on with that?
Oh, yeah.
I will be getting this game.
Don't worry.
Are you going to get that and a major Wii?
And a major Wii.
All right.
I'll get a major Wii for everybody.
How does that say?
You know, if I were you, I would have almost been hoping for the shovel at this point.
I think this is still better than being dead in a dish somewhere.
That's probably true.
Well, hey, wait, Loki, don't go anywhere.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2 in Japan this week.
Now, I know you've imported Smash Brothers, so you might be getting this too.
It's the fifth entry in a long-running series on the PlayStation 2.
That's right, Loki's favorite.
Princess Maker 5 makes its way to Japan this week.
That's not my favorite.
I have Princess Maker 2 on PC.
Unless it's a pornographic game, in which case I may like it.
Loki will make a princess out of you yet.
You know what?
That's it.
I'm going to get Princess Maker 2 again, and I'm going to make Orange Lounge Radio the RPG.
That'll be fun.
It'll be very fun.
For those of you guys that are fans of Pachinko, hey.
Oh, okay.
There's some fun Pachinko now.
They have Parodius Pachinko, and it's awesome.
Sanyo Pachinko Paradise 13 is getting a price reduction.
It's only $20.
Well, thank God.
I was waiting for that.
On the Nintendo DS.
L, the prologue to Death Note comes out on the DS this week.
Do what?
Also coming out, Pato Tokyuru Indosukagu Drill comes out as well on the DS, and I have no idea what that is.
It sounds like Mr. Driller's bastard cousin.
I'm not sure what that is.
Oh, it's like a quiz, that kind of drill.
It's another brain training game.
Never mind.
So it's not the bastard cousin of Dig Dug and Mr. Driller, their love child.
Let's see real quickly if there's anything coming out on the PSP you might care about.
Hey, Coded Soul comes out on the PSP this week in Japan.
And Mobile Suit Gundam Giren no Yabu comes out this week from Bandai.
So check that out.
I remember back in the day when the thought of a new Gundam game was exciting.
Now it's just like, I have to stop.
Alright, let's get back into some news, and then we will have ourselves a performance.
What about news?
Anyways... Well, I have some news.
I have related news.
It's very special, because EA is obviously very special, and special by any short bus.
EA is going to be splitting the components of the Orange Box.
Dun-dun-dun.
So there will be a PC and Xbox 360 release in October, and a PS3 release afterwards, but it'll be just a separate Half-Life, Episode 2 portal, and a separate Team Fortress.
And they've already been there for download for a while, but there's going to be individual box copies on the way.
And I hope they're cheap, because, I mean, if you can buy, you know, the Orange Box New for $60, and it's all this stuff, they should make these, like...
No more than 15, 20 bucks a piece.
That'll probably be 20.
And... No one will buy, like, Episode 2 or... Everyone will just buy Portal.
Yeah, Portal and Team Fortress 2.
Yeah.
I don't know, see, when we got my copy, see, all I cared about was Portal at the time, but Dan really, really got into Half-Life 2, Episode 2.
He was all over that.
Hi!
Sorry, I had to run out for a minute.
I'm okay.
He had a major wee.
That's right.
I had a major wee brewing.
Because I didn't want to miss our performance, so I ran out during the last story there.
Now that you've shared that with the entire internet, can we move on with another gaming story, please?
We are not afraid to go there.
I know this is going to come as a big surprise to everybody, but Val's talking about making more Portal games.
Yay!
That's so surprising.
Shock and Awe!
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I hope so.
If they aren't, I'll be really bitter.
All right.
That's all right.
We have the podcast.
You can always share it with your friends.
I've been pimping it to them all weekend.
If they don't listen, I'm going to be bitter.
All right.
Well, I'm sure that if you're in chat, say hello or something so we can pass on your well wishes to Mo.
Um, so you just, you just, you heard the song, your friends kind of dared you to do it effectively.
Yes.
And, uh, then you're on YouTube and now you're here.
Jake, the one and only Jake, actually, how did you find her?
Yeah, how did you find me?
I don't remember.
I think I was looking, I think someone went.
Can we, can we get him on the mic real quick?
Sorry, Jake, you gotta talk on the mic or we can't hear you.
Thanks for watching!
Here she is.
Are you about ready for this?
We're going to have to situate a little differently because we're ghetto and we don't have a lot of hookups there.
So I'm just going to kind of sit by you here while you do this.
I'm going to ask you guys to turn your mics off so we don't get a lot of background noise in here.
But this is a first for us and she's kind of a guinea pig, our first musical guest.
But it's going to be awesome, right?
It's going to be slightly...
This was a triumph
I'm making a no-tier huge success It's hard to overstate my satisfaction Aperture science
We do what we must because we can For the good in all of us Except the ones who are dead But there's no sense crying over every mistake You just keep on trying till you run out of cake And the science gets done And you make a neat gun For the people who are still alive
I'm not even angry I'm being so sincere right now Even though you broke my heart and killed me And tore me to pieces And threw every piece into a fire
As they burned it hurt because I was so happy for you Now these points of data make a beautiful line And we're out of beta, we're releasing on time So I'm glad I got burned, think of all the things we learned For the people who are still alive
I think I'd prefer to stay inside Maybe I'll find someone else to help you Maybe Black Mesa That was a joke, haha, fat chance
This cake is great, it's so delicious and moist Look at me still talking when there's science to do When I look out there it makes me glad I'm not you I've experiments to run, there is research to be done On the people who are still alive And believe me I am still alive
I'm doing science and I'm still alive I feel fantastic and I'm still alive While you're dying I'll be still alive And when you're dead I will be still alive Still alive, still alive Give it up everybody for Vo!
Also known as Amixi on YouTube with her cover.
I was looking in the chat room and everyone's totally into it.
It was great.
We've had virtual lighters.
You know what?
What does it say about mistakes?
Take a chance on mistakes, whatever that is.
Who cares?
It was beautiful.
You just keep on trying until you run out of cake.
That's right.
And there will be cake, and it's not alive.
So very nice.
And we have some clapping in the chat room, and HitStun says it would win a cage match, our little musical thing we do after the show where they pick good songs.
So very nice.
So now you're going to have to learn something else and come back again sometime.
Yes, I happened to watch another one of her YouTubes, actually, which I laughed at because she said Rick Ashley is never going to give you up.
All right.
So lots and lots of clapping there in chat, and thank you very much for being a guinea pig and being our very first musical guest.
That went pretty well, except for the fact I kind of had to hold that, and I think I accidentally bumped her hand in one part.
I kept smacking the mic, and I'm like, shit.
No, but it came out really good, so very exciting.
All right.
On the Ellen Show.
Guitar Hero Aerosmith Guitar Hero 4
in October.
Guitar Hero On Tour is supposed to be coming to Nintendo DS.
That's going to make its way in June.
And supposedly, there is a fourth title being planned.
It's an action-packed Guitar Hero experience like no other.
So apparently it's some other type of Guitar Hero game.
In other words, it's basically taking a lovely, well-established, loved franchise and pooping on it with this game.
Well, if there's four games in one year, that's already pooping on it, I think.
I mean, seriously.
By the way, those rumors are coming from SurferGirl via GoNintendo.com.
And SurferGirl is usually pretty accurate with a lot of this stuff.
Not surprised.
I'm not surprised about the three of them.
And that makes sense with the Aerosmith one coming out in July.
Since that's when Rock the 80s came out last year.
Rock the 80s.
And...
I don't know, they need to do something like, remember Fret and Ice?
They could do something like that, action-packed guitar game, you know, where you actually do a side-scrolling game.
But I think this is going to suck, whatever it is, I'm sure.
I love when Loki reviews games without actually playing them.
It sucked.
That's like reviewing a movie based on the trailer.
I'm sorry, but if you release four games, like, okay, DDR, for example...
Thanks for watching!
I don't know, at least one really good game set, four really mediocre games.
Have you ever heard of the saying, too much of a good thing?
Yeah, exactly.
Gerardimo asks in chat, is it finally Guitar Hero with WoW characters now?
Because the whole Activision Blizzard thing, you know, rock out to your, you know, torn shaman and all that stuff.
Do we get hoochie dancing night elves and headbanging in bed?
You might see some of that stuff, but here's the thing...
I don't know how much music in WoW you can actually turn into a rock version.
I'm sure you'll see something like that in there because they like doing weird crossover things.
You never know.
Look, if the Halo 3 song came up as a download for Guitar Hero 3, anything is possible.
I'm very disappointed that I've not seen anything like that for rock bands.
I want some free songs, okay?
I understand the three songs a week that have to pay for.
Or Journey.
Or Journey.
They need more gag songs because just Timmy and Lords of the Underworld just isn't enough.
There needs to be more gag music in there.
We need more lols in our rock band.
We need Avril Lavigne's girlfriend on there.
I would own on that.
Like Chocolate Rain, the heavy metal mix or something like that.
Yes!
Hey, they managed to put Freeze Pop in there.
Chocolate Rain!
Well, you know what?
Moe maybe should write them and get still alive in there.
We need more stuff from the kinda long-haired band.
See, now, Still Alive... Spinal Tap?
Spinal Tap.
I was going to say, Still Alive could make it into Rock Band since EA publishes both games, so maybe.
Interesting.
EA, you listening?
I don't know if they're going to because it's kind of more of a mellow song.
Although, I mean, there's maps and stuff.
They've got plenty of mellow stuff in there.
Well, part of my iron lung is mellow.
No, we need more Radiohead.
And the chat room would like me to kick you for bringing up Chocolate Rain, Loki.
So here you go, a little kick.
Kick!
Chocolate Rain is great.
It's amazing.
That guy's voice is just intense.
Intense is a good way to describe it.
Let's move on with some more news.
Well, for our Sega fans, there is a PC game due out in the fall that's called Space Siege.
That is an action RPG with different types of gameplay.
We have a robotic partner that you can customize, and you have online co-op, up to four people.
But they're actually talking about a rumor that it's going to have a console release, too.
They're actually saying that they are not going to rule out a console release.
They are considering it as an option.
I think they're also saying it's pretty cool that they're mentioning that as far as the gameplay of it itself, that it's actually going to be something that isn't impossible.
The PC releases in September.
So wait, it'll be a good Sega game in the past few years, hopefully?
I hope so.
Sega needs to really redeem themselves.
Or they need to bring out Planet Harrier.
I don't have very good hopes for this, actually.
If I remember correctly, Space Siege is actually a new series in the Dungeon Siege games.
So basically, you know, like a dungeon crawler, but now it's a space crawler, I guess.
And, you know...
No offense, I'm sure Dungeon Seed is awesome, it's just, we bull-ruined that for me.
I'm sorry.
I think of that, and I'm actually having flashbacks to PSO.
Because he'll do a sequel to In the Name of the King, and it'll be in space.
And it'll have the same damn characters and make no sense whatsoever.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and so that would almost get me to play except my whole problem wasn't with the universe itself as much as it was with how they changed the way the classes handled.
I'm almost going to log in just to see if it's any better than when I first played it.
She said they brought back Mags.
That's hot.
I love Mags.
I miss my Master System Mag.
And my Opa Opa.
We've got to keep it moving or we're never going to end this show.
Ah.
So, I don't know if anyone remembers the Old Spice Challenge that was on the Xbox 360, I think last year, where you could, you know, earn, you know,
Such wonderful games as Contra and, oh, guess what?
Fusion Frenzy 2, which I don't know if it's more of a reward or punishment.
Punishment.
Anyways, so you can win some new stuff this time, although it's a little bit different this time around.
Instead of actually competing just against a set number, you're competing against your friends, and you can win such things as, say...
$20 Best Buy gift card, an Xbox 360 HD DVD player since now they're probably going to clear those things out since Blu-rays kind of went in there.
And some other stuff, you know, maybe Fusion Frenzy 2 all over again.
Who knows?
But, yeah, so if you're interested in that, they've actually got some more information on 360voice.com slash challenges.
You can check it out.
A bunch of different things you can win.
I don't know.
I just have a... I really don't care.
I'm kind of done with the whole EP and achievement points thing.
It's kind of done.
I realize there's many people out there that have scores that are so sadly high, it's just never... you're never going to catch up.
So I don't know.
I'm kind of done with the whole achievement point competition thing.
It's a little old to me.
I mean, I guess there's still...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
Big Mac Challenge.
I don't know.
Maybe you win some Big Macs or something.
Clearance copies of Sneak King.
I don't know.
Anyhow, some games may be coming out very soon for you to help inflate your gamer score a little more, because Lord knows you Achievement Point whores love more arcade games to inflate your score.
But these might be ones you are not going to mind playing at all.
Apparently, Microsoft's PressFTP site was logged into by someone who apparently should not have been in there, because they've released these screenshots of Conker Live and Reloaded and Jade Empire.
Those screenshots are apparently lurking on Microsoft's press FTP site.
It indicates that the games could be coming to Xbox Live Marketplace very soon.
So there you have it there.
Now, of course, they're going to be added to the Xbox original lineup.
So come to think of it, I guess you really won't be able to use them for achievement points because you can't use the original games.
I'm not interested until they put a Jet Set Radio feature on there or something like that.
If it's anything like the other games that are in the Xbox Live Originals, 1,200 MS points or 15 bucks to play these games.
Or go buy it used for probably even cheaper than that.
I hear especially with Jade Empire, those games are ones that people love.
There you have it.
Looks like we have the results everyone was waiting for.
What's that?
To the big game.
Oh, what game?
The Puppy Bowl, Corgi one.
Oh.
Yes.
Go team Corgi.
Good job.
Okay, all these DS, pet raising sims, and no Puppy Bowl games.
I mean, come on.
They totally need the Puppy Bowl.
Which I'm sorry to say that the Shih Tzu was denied a perfect season once again.
Sorry to all the Shih Tzu fans out there in the house.
Corgis are great and they're smart.
All right, forget it.
With their little mutated feet.
I love their little feet.
I've been telling my husband I want a corgi, and he's like, no, you have a cat.
See, proof that inbreeding can be awesome.
Well, they have cats out yet, too.
Midget cats.
No, but they're so horrible.
It feels so bad for them.
Do you love video games?
Hey!
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
We talk about video games nonstop.
You know who should have won Puppy Bowl?
This is the puppy and kitty tangent.
Hey, guess what, Rob?
More Xbox Live.
What?
CeilingCat is watching you deviate from the video game stories.
Anyway, game coming out for Xbox Live Arcade next week by Void Star Creations, as I've mentioned previously when doing the UK releases, is Poker Smash, which is like, I guess, Tetris with poker things?
Poker Smash!
I don't know, it makes me kind of think of Columns.
Columns.
Columns gave me an aneurysm.
Columns smash!
Kind of makes me think of, I'm not buying it.
You know you're going to get it for Nelly.
No, I'm not.
You know Nelly's going to get it behind your back.
For points.
She won't buy that game.
She's like, I don't care.
I don't either.
No, if Loki keeps spending too much money on the Xbox 360, Nelly's going to come in and go, Xbox smash!
That's okay, he'll rebuild it.
Yeah.
I'll make it work better.
If it doesn't work better, that means I need more heat.
It actually looks kind of cool, but honestly, I just will play Puyo Puyo.
See, she wouldn't touch this game because it has poker involved in it.
She doesn't know how to play poker.
I know that has probably no bearing on the game whatsoever, but that will stop her from playing that game.
Okay.
Alright, moving on.
So, there's actually been a little issues with, you know, Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix.
You know, and you might think at first it's because the name's too long, but you'd be wrong.
It's actually because the game's too big, and apparently it's having trouble fitting into the 150 megabyte download limit that's on Live Arcade.
Well, of course, you know, those 1080p visuals are, you know, really big, and so they're having trouble, you know, fitting it in such a small size, uh,
Constraint there.
Oh, darn.
You know what?
It doesn't really matter because the game's just going to be Street Fighter 2 Turbo.
There may just not be enough room for Cammy's ass.
They might just have to cut it out.
I'm sorry to say.
That would be Chin-Li's thighs.
or how about, I don't know, let's just get rid of this stupid limit anyway since most everyone has a hard drive and if you don't have a hard drive, you don't get to play fucking arcade games.
There you go.
Or how about just get rid of Balrog?
I mean, did anyone actually play Balrog?
Anybody?
Actually?
Tyson played Balrog.
I don't think anyone did.
I get confused because we have a lot of import versions of it so I have to think about who you're talking about.
M. Bison, the boxer.
Yeah.
Actually, he was pretty cool, but I liked Dudley better in 3.
We're giving out a stupid award tonight.
No, last week we talked about this guy, but now the trial's going on.
And so this is why this guy is going to win a stupid award tonight.
It's Tyrone Spellman is his name, and apparently he killed a baby.
And...
What caused him to kill a baby?
Well, video games, of course.
If the, uh, Aaliyah Truman, or Tourman, the assistant district attorney, is to be believed.
He said that Spellman's entire life and daily routine is about playing Ghost Recon.
What do you think someone with that kind of obsession is going to do when it gets knocked over?
What do you think is going to happen?
The skull fractures on that baby, or what happened?
So, in other words, I know that's horrible, first off.
I mean, I'm not trying to make light of this horrific situation.
But what I think is so stupid about this is that, yeah, video games caused him to do it.
No, I think severe mental instability of the highest caliber is what caused this guy to do it.
Like, obviously he was not playing with a full set of chips in his head.
So, that's why we're giving out a stupid award.
Not only to the assistant district attorney who's trying to jump to this conclusion...
But the guy for killing a baby in the first place, I mean, that's kind of stupid.
Like, don't kill babies.
I mean, isn't it, like... It doesn't just sound like he was a little messed up.
Like, if he had a six-pack in his head, it'd actually be empty except for one flat half-drunk bottle.
Like, do you even really need to be taught that growing up?
Like, do your parents really need to teach you, like, hey, don't kill babies.
Ever.
I don't think so.
I think most of us kind of fundamentally have that programmed in.
You know what I mean?
So... The problem is he wasn't playing Madden.
It's pure and utter awesomeness.
It's Outrun!
I love Outrun.
Outrun is a game where you just drive a car.
You make it sound so thrilling.
Well, you've got a convertible, and it's the guy and his blonde lady just driving along and passing other drivers, but you get different forks in the path, different ways that you can take, and you can drive either a 1972 Volkswagen or a 1971 Corvette, a 1985 Porsche 911, or a 1985 BMW, which I thought was pretty cool.
But the whole, I think, fun part about it was that it had this nice custom cabinet that looked like the car.
And it had great music in it.
I mean, like we're hearing right now.
The one I picked was Magical Sound Shower, which is like the best music in the game ever.
I also named one of my horses in Derby Owner's Club after it.
But this is, it was in that family with Afterburner and Space Harrier and Power Drift that had the scaling 2D
Wow, that's pretty hardcore.
Yeah, it's a pretty good game.
Were you able to actually play this on Master System?
Yeah, it's on Master System.
Interesting.
But I think the other big part of this was just that with the combination of getting your choice of paths or getting the music that you got.
Because you could actually change your music channel.
And a lot of racing games now have that sort of option for the music that you listen to as you play.
And for the Genesis version, it actually had an extra...
Outrun, Shenmue 2
You can play it on the Dreamcast and Shenmue too.
There's actually a version on the Game Boy Advance in the Sega Arcade Gallery compilation.
It's actually in Outrun 2 as well.
I don't know if anyone's actually played that Outrun 2006 that came out, but it was included in Arizona's with updated versions of the original tracks that were in it too.
So I thought it was pretty cool.
Donnie Darko
Some of the chatroom folks are slightly disagreeing with your decision.
Black Lab says, Lucky and Wild, greater than Outrun.
I do not like that game.
Orko says, ah, Lucky and Wild, how I heart they.
I have a bias against Lucky and Wild.
What's that?
Because I worked in another arcade that had one of those, and I had to clean that sucker.
Did people like...
Do nasty things in the Lucky Wild Machine.
Because it was the drive and gun game.
And people would, like, break the gun controller or leave their crap all in the thing.
And, no, it sucked.
And another game I have a bias against is Suzuka 8-Hour.
Because I've had to clean one of those bikes from top to bottom when we got inspection.
Alright.
I do like hard driving, though, because I took a nap in one once.
Alright, anything else you want to say about OutRun, Jamie?
OutRun is great.
Alright, check it out.
Your classic game of the week, boys and girls, is OutRun.
Available on the arcades, just about every Sega system ever made as well.
So check it out.
And probably the PC as well, and hell, some Nintendo systems too.
OutRun 2006 was PC.
There you go.
So check it out.
That's going to do it here for Orange Lounge Radio Part A, but we'll be back in just a little bit with Orange Lounge Radio Part B. And tonight, boys and girls...
It's been a little while, but we're going to have the match game tonight.
That's right, it's been a little while.
We're going to play some match game tonight as long as we have some guests here.
Mo, you're going to stay with us for Part B, right?
Sure.
Why not hang out with the strangers from the internet a little more?
It'll be fun.
I'm not dead in a ditch yet.
It doesn't get much stranger than this.
But if you lose match game, Mo, that's it.
I might be.
That's it.
And Jake, you're going to play some match game with us too as well, right?
But the stakes in tonight's match game are very high.
You know why?
Because, and it's not for us here in studio, but for the listeners that will be playing, we're going to give away something.
That's right.
We're giving away a code for Rez HD on the Xbox 360 as the prize tonight in the match game.
And that comes to you courtesy of an OLR listener out of the kindness of their heart is donating this prize tonight for the match game.
I'll tell you more about it when we come back for Orange Lounge Radio Part B. In the meantime, we're going to take a little break and we'll see you in a little while.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
