Today, February 24th, 2008, community games come to Xbox Live and Zune, Microsoft officially
abandons HD DVD, and Nintendo reveals that there is much more in store for the Wii Balance
board.
Hi everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
Yes, we are back from an unexpected vacation last week, we'll tell you more about what's
going down in just a little bit, but it wouldn't be a show if I couldn't introduce my lovely
co-host over there as the one and only Happiest Bunny on the Farm, Ms. Dark Sakura, Jamie
Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Jamie Summers?
I'm satiated.
You're satiated?
That's good.
Yes.
I've had a mostly unsatisfactory day as far as things to dine on.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
I've had a power bar and ice cream until this year.
That's not healthy.
That's all we had.
Oh, sorry to hear it.
So, I'm going to be going to the store tomorrow.
How about you, Loki?
Are you well fed today?
I just had McDonald's because it was on the way.
The one and only tech master, Loki.
You always have McDonald's.
I don't always have McDonald's.
You use the spice up once in a while.
Try Carl's Jr., Jack in the Box, oh, you did have Subway.
I don't like Carl's Jr.
Carl's Jr. is actually pretty nasty, but Jack in the Box, that's also pretty nasty.
McDonald's, it's nasty, but in smaller portions, so I don't know.
Burger King, now that's the only fast food that's not so nasty.
I haven't had Burger King in a long time.
I don't know.
There's one really, really good thing that they would occasionally have on their menu.
What's that?
I actually miss.
What's that?
Those chicken sandwiches that were on the long buns.
Oh, okay.
You had that Italian one.
Oh, my God, that was so good.
You know, it's so funny.
We're a video game podcast, yet we keep talking about food.
It's like the two go hand-in-hand.
I'm not sure.
It's because our modern society is patterned around food and feeding.
Well, hello to everybody in our chat room at chat.orangelaundryradio.com.
Also we're live on Justin TV with our webcam, and they have a chat room as well.
We try to keep an eye on it.
It's justintv.com slash orangelaundryradio that always has the video archive of our shows.
You can see our smiling faces, or tonight, according to one of our chatters, frowning
face.
It's a comment from a NYR fan in chat, chat.orangelaundry.com, says, Rob sounds sad this week.
I'm not sad.
I'm just sick.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
Last week, we weren't here with the show.
What happened is that I was in Long Beach.
William and I were away for the weekend.
We went to the Star Trek tour in Long Beach.
Shut up.
Don't laugh.
It was awesome.
But what wasn't awesome was my car breaking down over the grapevine on the way there.
So I had to find a mechanic in Long Beach Saturday morning, paid him like $450 to fix
my car.
But they did do a lot on my car.
And then as I was driving home, one of the stinking lights came on again.
Something's wrong with something in the oil, and I would explain it, but it would bore
you to tears.
I've probably told like 50 different people about what's going on.
So needless to say, I couldn't rush home on Sunday, and I made it back late.
So unfortunately, we didn't have a show on Sunday.
And now this week, I'm sick.
So if it's not one thing, it's another.
And then we're starting late tonight, I mean, podcast listeners, you guys don't hear a difference.
But for those listening live tonight, we're about 15 minutes late because the Wi-Fi in
studio wasn't working and some of our computers couldn't get online.
So it's just February's broken.
I want a refund.
And then Jamie wasn't here two weeks ago.
I mean, February's just broken.
That's because I was sick.
I know.
It was nasty, too.
And then we're up against the Oscars tonight.
Yeah, fuck them.
Oscars suck.
But who cares?
Who cares about the Oscars?
It's not even a good name.
It's not got people sucking each other's, anyway.
Why do they call the Oscars anyway?
Who's Oscar?
It's the award, but it's actually the Academy Awards.
Yeah, you could probably read it on Wikipedia.
Why did they name it after somebody named Oscar?
I think it's short for something.
Oscar is short for something?
I don't know.
Let's just talk about our gaming week, shall we?
Let's be better than those Oscars.
How was your gaming week?
What games would you give an Oscar to this week, Dark Soccer?
Did some Half-Life 2 and lots of Ragnarok.
Now I have another character over 100.
Rebirth, by the way.
Addict.
So.
And I played, I looked at my copy of Imagine Babies, laughed and put it back up.
And then, although it spawned an interesting conversation about whether or not you could
raise them like Pokemon.
And I thought it was kind of silly.
And then there was also some more burnout going on in my house, but I think that Dan's
getting tired of it.
I think it'd be cool, though, if you could raise them like Pokemon and then have them
fight in underground baby cage matches.
That would be great.
It'd be like cockfighting, but with babies, put little razor blades on their feet.
The babies couldn't actually fight because they don't have any motor coordination when
they're that little.
That's why you pop them up on crack and then, you know.
You have a one-year-old battle when they're old enough to walk.
Yeah.
And then I played Wedding the Game, which was me just sitting there going, how much
more can I drink?
That's about it.
Let's see, this week I played a few things.
I got around to playing some Lost Odyssey, and that game is pretty awesome.
Reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy VIII, just not necessarily, well, I guess a little bit
like the gameplay, but more of just the environment reminds me of Final Fantasy VIII.
But it's good, and I like the game.
And I played more Burnout, Paradise, because it's available, and I don't know.
Mainly this entire weekend, or actually the entire week for that matter, I've been trying
to get this other 360 of mine to work, and it's not three-ringed anymore, but it freezes
up every now and then.
It was freezing up after about 30 seconds when I take it to work, however before that
it would run for like nine hours straight.
Just fine.
So, I got really frustrated with that, but I think I may have figured out what it was.
Maybe it's allergic to your job.
No, well, I think it would be.
I had these screws in it that were too large, so it was causing the board to bend too much.
So I replaced them with some different stuff.
I did a 12-volt mod on the fan, and also put heat sinks on the different chips in there,
and made heat sinks out of pennies and aluminum tape for the bottom of the board.
So hopefully with all that stuff done, it should work.
If not, I've already soldered in a fan connector for additional fans, and I just found my own
Dremel today, so I can cut the case open to put a 120mm fan on it.
Other things I've been playing.
I actually was trying out, and we'll get to some of this stuff later, the XNA community
games, and they had a few that were pretty cool, some that really sucked.
One of which that was pretty cool was the dishwasher.
I knew it would be the dishwasher.
That game was awesome.
The minute I played that game, I was like, this is Loki's dream game right here.
This is not my dream game, but it totally could be a TV series or something like that.
It was just really, really cool.
Something you would see on Adult Swim.
But absolutely bloody game.
It kind of reminds me a little bit also of Alien Hominid or something like that.
That's the exact same thing I thought.
That's so funny.
But less shooting, more slashing with swords and stuff.
Other things I tried, I tried Gummy Car or Jelly Car, where the fuck it was called.
It was okay.
I didn't really, I mean it was a neat idea, but not executed too well.
You know what makes Jelly Car hilarious is when you realize that all the noises or some
guy doing it in his microphone, like, boop boop boop boop boop, meow meow meow meow.
That's great.
I'm sorry.
I laughed my ass off playing Jelly Car.
It's very customizable, with its little completely different looks, like you can play the blueprint
looking things or the, you can kind of completely change the look of the game and the options.
Check it out.
Oh, I didn't even play with the options.
Oh yeah, you can mess with the options and make the game look completely different.
It's great.
That's cool.
Other than that though, it was alright.
Some of the levels seemed kind of broken, but whatever.
Then there was Culture, which was neat.
I don't know, it's an interesting puzzle game, I guess, with flowers.
Pretty flowers.
And then, gosh, I played that, was it Little Gamers, I think it was called?
That was okay.
That's actually just based off of a webcomic, I guess.
And it was okay, but it just reminded me a lot of, like, there wasn't a lot of movement
or dodging you can do.
It was just kind of shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, you know, and very bloody.
But hey, that's cool.
And I don't know, that was pretty much it though.
There were some games that they showed off at Game Developers Conference that I wish
were on there, like iSheep or, what was it, there was a dancing one, like a breakdancing
thing.
Now, wait a minute, did you, and I'm sorry, I ran in the house and you were talking about
your game a week, but I didn't hear anything about N. Didn't you play N this week on X
Motion Life?
No.
I thought you loved that game.
I love N, but I haven't gotten a chance to download it, and I really, I mean, I've played
it before, so, you know, it's not, it's not like I'm, I don't know, I don't know what
it is.
Also, finally, I was going to say I played Space Invaders Extreme, I actually was playing
that this afternoon, and awesome game.
Really needs to be an Xbox Live Arcade game or something like that, and it's coming out
the DS and on PSP as well, so, absolutely cool.
All the stuff in the game kind of goes with the music, like when you're firing and stuff,
it's all in time with the music, and, you know, stuff kind of remixes a little bit,
a little like Musaguchi and stuff.
They have little bonus things that go in there, plus the backgrounds are all really flashy
and stuff.
It'll be cool.
Definitely worth picking up when it comes out.
So you're all done with your gaming week?
Yes.
Then I will move on to mine, because I just want to say I did play N this week on Xbox
360, and it was kind of cool, well, at least I should clarify, I only played the demo,
I didn't play the full version, I don't want to give the false impression or anything,
but I played the demo of N, because I remember Loki spoke very highly of this game, and I
remember playing it a little bit on the free web thing or whatever.
Here's the problem I had with N, is that I played it after I played those Xbox community
games, and I was kind of playing it going, you know what, I don't think I want to spend
$10 on this, especially after just playing those other things that are potentially, I
mean I guess we don't know much about pricing, I think we'll get into it later in the show,
but potentially these other games are going to be free or, you know, very low cost.
And if you haven't tried those Xbox Live community games, I recommend doing that, since they
are timed demos.
But I think, and it's kind of fun, I just think $800 is the wrong price point, I think
$400 would have been a little more appropriate, I probably would have bought it for $400,
especially when you consider it's based off a free web game, just, I don't know, I feel
like I've played a lot of free games on the web like it, although there's a certain sense
of humor to N that I think is really funny, like I watch, I like watching a little stick
guy get blown to bits, and it certainly has a very, you know, kind of action pace, I just,
I don't know, in this day of those microtransactions, you really kind of think about every point,
and I just don't think it was worth $800.
Something that was money well spent, I am madly in love with Lost Odyssey, this is the
game I have totally been waiting for on the 360, and I know, you know, I'm going to admit,
I am kind of biased, well I don't want to say I'm biased, but I definitely have a preference
towards Japanese RPGs, that's no big secret, those are the type of games I like, I don't
play a lot of sports games, I like these type of games, and so, you know, the Xbox 360 has
been sorely lacking in this department, we've had Blue Dragon, which was, eh, it was okay,
but it wasn't great, it was a good game, not a great game, and then we had Enchanted Arms,
same thing, decent, I think better than a lot of people gave it credit for, but it started
to get a little monotonous towards the end, Lost Odyssey, I'm loving it, like, it's tearing
me away from wow, which is saying something, you know, because you hear about how much
I've been playing World of Warcraft lately and doing this stuff, I cannot put down Lost
Odyssey, and it's funny because I've been reading reviews, because I'm kind of curious,
I usually don't read a lot of reviews on the internet, but I was kind of curious what the
critics think of Lost Odyssey, and I was very surprised to see on Metacritic that the game
only has like a 76 or something like that, I am shocked!
This is like an old school RPG, you know, it's so old, everyone's complaining that it's
like very old, but yet when you go back to the RPGs of the past, like all the Final Fantasy
games, they really didn't change much between each other, and you don't have to innovate
on something, don't try and reinvent it if it's good in the first place.
And here, here's a comment in chat I have to respond to, chat.orgiliterator.com, rawstealut
says, so Sky likes games that are all the same, no, that's your perception of these
types of games, I look at sports games, I look at these Madden games, and I go, pfft,
they're all the same to me, these games are all the same.
It's the story that go along with it, I mean it's not necessarily the combat and stuff,
it's just kind of, yeah, it's fun, or you know, it's grinding or whatever, but, um...
You know, and I've heard people say it reminded them too much of Final Fantasy, and I'll admit,
there's a lot in this game that reminds me of Final Fantasy X, I wouldn't call it Final
Fantasy VIII because it has a good combat system on like VIII, Final Fantasy X it really
reminds me of.
I like the combat system.
And you know, it does, it innovates it on it enough, where like, I love the ring thing
because it makes you pay attention to kind of what's going on, you know, to make sure
you get the perfect hits and all that stuff, and the game is just gorgeous, it is like
playing a Final Fantasy type game on a next-gen system, but without a whiny, spiky-haired
guy as the lead character, instead you get more of a, you know, badass, not gonna talk
type guy.
Besides, I don't know if you heard, and I'm pretty sure this is not in the show role,
but Final Fantasy XIII, what, Spring 2010 is when they said?
So I'm glad we have games like this to hold this over.
Exactly.
You know, if you enjoy Japanese RPGs in the slightest, you are doing yourself a disservice
by not at least checking out Lost Odyssey.
Don't listen to reviewers, because their big complaints are, they don't like these type
of games in the first place, which, fine, this game is not gonna win you over to the
Japanese RPG world, it's not, so, you know, if you already, if you don't like the Final
Fantasy games, you're not gonna like this.
That's why they have places that rent games, because, you know, just because one guy doesn't
like it doesn't mean you should base your opinion on that one guy, I mean, you know,
some of these reviews I read are just like, oh, well, this game's been done so many times,
that's why I hate it.
No?
Well, who cares?
Action movies.
Oh my god, it's an action movie with guns in it.
Oh, should I not go see it, because this one had guns too?
It's just beautiful to watch.
My roommate who doesn't play a lot of games, you know, he's, the game he's been playing
a lot lately is Cold Sep Saga, that's the one game he's been getting really into lately,
because he likes the more puzzle-type games, but he's been watching me play Lost Odyssey,
and he's always kind of, like, appreciated the Fantasy games too, and he's just like,
this game is outstanding.
He's just like, the way it moves, and we were kind of talking about it, the fluidity of
the game and the way the battle systems just look gorgeous, the in-game battles are phenomenal.
So I totally like this game, I love this game, you know, and I will kind of put this out
there as a disclaimer, I'm only about eight hours in, I haven't had a chance to really
fully immerse myself.
It could be one of those games that gets shitty and monotonous as it goes on, that is a possibility,
but for right now, I'm saying there's money well spent, and I fully enjoy the eight hours
I've put in so far, which is more than some games I've dropped six months on.
My only gripe in the game is these dreams that you have, which are basically reading
a bunch of text, and there's no real cutscene, I would think with a game that, you know,
is four to slong, that they would at least do some sort of cutscene with the in-game
engine.
It doesn't necessarily have to be like, you know, that detail or something, but seriously,
I don't want to read, you know, all this stuff in the game, and I know it's optional to get
some of the backstory stuff, but...
You know what's funny?
Have you actually read it, though?
Have you actually read it?
I have read it.
I thought the writing was amazing in those little stories, and I kind of get it, though,
I think I would like to see maybe a little more of the animation side, but I don't know,
there's something about that whole using your imagination book thing, you know, that you
don't really see in video games.
I don't know.
I kind of don't mind.
Like, if they did the cutscenes more like, you know, folklore a little bit, where it's
actually like a comic book and stuff, in fact, that's how I remember they were describing
the cutscenes in, or at least the dreams and stuff in this game, and there is actually
a part where you do have a dream, and it is a cutscene, that kind of thing, but I would
have appreciated it more like that, you know, it doesn't even have to be anything, it'd
be just still pictures or whatever, just a little bit more effort put into it other than
just having text.
One more fangasm over this game and then I promise I'll shut up, and you can send your
emails about what a fanboy I am, okay, the voice acting in this game is actually really
good, and I'm using the English soundtrack, shock and awe, like, English voice acting
in these games is usually pretty terrible, but I actually think it's very well voice
acted so far, I am, I'm like, just shocked, so, and my roommate had said the same thing,
he's like, wow, the voice acting is actually pretty good, the comic relief guy especially
is pretty funny, and I, just the way the cutscenes are done, all the comic book stars are, I
could sit here for an hour and have a fangasm about how wonderful I think Lost Odyssey is,
but I'm gonna play it more, and I'll let you know if it starts sucking, okay, I'll keep
an open mind about it, but, whatever, I'm totally fanboy over this game, I'll admit
it.
I've also been playing the same XNA games that Loki earlier spoke of, and I'll wait
for more thoughts on that when we get to the stories tonight, otherwise I've been playing
Wow!
X-Saga as well, I mentioned that a little earlier, my roommate's been playing a lot
of that, but I have two, just a real different kind of game, still think they could've pulled
it off on Xbox Live Arcade and it would've been better suited for that, but, it's kinda
one of those games that's really hard to put down, but, I, seriously, rounds in Cold
Step Saga can go on for like an hour and a half, it's crazy, but I'm having a good time.
I guess I'll do it for my gaming week, I don't have a lot else to share, so, then let's get
to tonight's housekeeping, we wanted to formally apologize for last week's show, or lack thereof,
you know, what can we say, get what you pay for, it's a free show, so sorry, and we're
here tonight, and actually, I gotta admit, tonight we're only gonna do a short show,
we're gonna do like, just one part, there's not gonna be part A, part B, just because
of the fact I'm sick, I'm having a hard time being here, any other week, probably would've
just canceled it, but we didn't wanna go two weeks without a show, because consistency
is important, and a lot of, not a lot, but sometimes I've been asked by other podcasters
like what, you know, because we've been doing this for like, we've been podcasting ever
since, you know, it was first out pretty much, and we've been doing internet radio for six
years and people say, you know, what's your trick, what do you do to keep listeners, I'm
always like consistency, it's all about consistency, if you're not consistent, then people will
go look elsewhere, I mean, not that that's necessarily a bad thing, because there's lots
of great independent shows out there, but that's how you lose listeners, is that if
you're inconsistent, then people look elsewhere to fill in time, so I hate, I hate missing
a show, but it had to be done, so, that's that, otherwise, you can join our Myspace
community at Orange Launch Radio, our Facebook community is the OLRME, and our LiveJournal
community is Orange Launch, one other thing I wanna plug, completely has nothing to do
with video games, but it's another passion of mine, something I've been getting into
over the past six months is these ORGs, these online reality games, where people play games
based on reality shows on web forums, if that makes sense, there's a lot of strategy involved,
if you're like into the strategical thinking that goes behind a lot of shows, such as like
Survivor and Big Brother and all those, you know, types of shows that are on TV, these
games are a lot of fun, and I've met a lot of really interesting people playing them,
I am gonna be hosting a game on LiveJournal, I'm actually co-hosting with somebody you
might recognize from this show, Shane, so if you want more information on that, we're
looking for some new players, people that might be into this, so if this sounds like
something you might be into, it's certainly much different from a video game, but check
it out, we're taking applications right now, it's SurvivorLJ, just ran that all together,
SurvivorLJ.LiveJournal.com, so there you go, I hope some of you guys will check that out,
maybe sign up to play, LiveJournal's free and all that good stuff, you do have to have
a LiveJournal account to play, but they're all like free, and many of us use it, and
we've been on there for a long time.
Okay, I will shut up now and do some video game news, actually I'm not gonna shut up
because I'm doing video game news, but I'll shut up about my personal life.
First off, I want to cover some things we missed last week since we didn't have a show
last week, some of the stories we missed last week, one of them is a rumor that Netflix
is soon going to be streaming to the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3, and this is based
off some type of survey that Netflix has been conducting recently, and the question that
was in the survey was this, quote, if as part of your Netflix membership you could instantly
watch movies and TV episodes on your TV with your PS3 or Xbox 360, how likely would you
or anyone in your household be able to do that?
Hmm, so who knows about that?
Rumor says that there could be a special Netflix disc that could cost as little as $3 will
enable this all to work.
So I don't know, this could be interesting.
It's not too incredibly surprising when you consider Netflix is already doing those PC
downloads where you can watch the movies if you have a Netflix account on your PC.
This seems like a logical next step, but then again, would Microsoft and Sony want to lose
those dollars if they could pocket themselves?
I don't know, but it would be a very formidable alliance.
EA is rumored to be working on The Sims 3, and this is actually not a rumor because that's
according to The Sims studio creative director Rod Humble, and this was on the forum called
Quarter to Three.
He says, Rod Humble says there will be new information soon.
In other news, Madden 2010, scheduled for next year.
I know, it's kind of obvious news when you think about it, but at the same time it's
been a while since I've heard anything about The Sims.
Anything that ever was kind of like Sims news was another expansion for an existing Sims
game.
They should have Sims 3 where I can import my Spore characters and attack the Sims characters.
Yet another way to kill Sims.
I would like to see if Sims 3 comes to light, maybe some type of link between the PC and
the consoles.
I don't know.
Maybe that's just the console fan in me, because The Sims is kind of at heart a PC game, even
though they've had all those spin-offs on systems and such.
The Sims is kind of a PC game, but it would be kind of neat.
I'm all about connectivity between all the crap I have and my friends have.
One other story we missed last week, which I think is kind of funny, there are some filmmakers
that are going to be producing a documentary about the E.T. landfill.
For a quote from the Auburn University students who are putting this together, quote, we are
proud to announce our upcoming documentary, E.T.'s March.
Over the course of a week this March, we will go on a road trip from Auburn, Alabama to
El Paso, Texas.
From there, we will take the actual path of those 14 trucks took that faithful day into
the heart of Alamogordo, New Mexico.
Along the way, we will take in the video game culture of our great country.
The documentary will be released for free via the internet this summer.
I almost went to school there.
I think it's kind of interesting that they're going to make a whole documentary about this.
Of course, video game documentaries, King of Kong did very well.
Who knows?
The DVD should be out now, I think.
It is out.
I still haven't seen it.
I haven't.
I still haven't seen it.
I need to borrow it.
It's an interesting watch.
I need Netflix it or something.
I really want to see it.
I feel like I'm totally missing something.
I'll loan it.
Okay, cool.
I'll also loan you this other one I have that's really stupid.
It's about the first, they claim they're the first ever internet radio show about games.
It's uber stupid.
I actually watch the DVD.
It's a game review show.
It's lame.
Oh, whatever.
Let's get to this week's news.
That's all I really want to touch on from last week.
Last week, actually, ironically enough, was a little bit of a slow news week because this
week we started getting into Game Developers Conference and some big bombshells dropped
at GDC.
Correct?
Yes.
Unfortunately, this year they didn't have keynotes from a bunch of other people like
Nintendo and Sony and stuff like that, but Microsoft was there and they were doing their
keynote.
Their big thing they announced, of course, was the Xbox Live Community Arcade.
It will be kind of an easy way for people that develop games in XNA to share their games
with the world.
It'll allow people that are members of, I think, live, I'm not sure if it's just the
XNA community, to rate their games and basically give feedback and that kind of stuff.
Also, they will be able to sell their games or offer them free and that kind of stuff.
Tons and tons and tons of stuff out there.
Of course, they said, now 10 million people on Xbox Live get to play your game.
It's all user created content.
They put up a brief sampling of about nine games or so on there, including some of what
we talked about, Jelly Car and Dishwasher and stuff like that.
Pretty cool stuff and very exciting, especially if you're into game development and stuff
in XNA.
As far as I'm aware, I think the software is free and all you have to do is pay for
the membership if you want to upload your games, $100 a year.
So if you're really interested in that stuff, I'm sure Bobby Blackwolf will probably all
over this kind of thing.
I seem to recall he was creating some type of Crazy Eights game from what I was following
on a show, but who knows?
Now maybe that he'll be able to post it to the world, he might finish that up.
I don't know.
I'll have to ask him.
It'll be a little while.
And then, of course, other things that they announced to go along with that is that you
will finally be able to game on your Zune as well.
They're going to allow XNA games to come to the Zune and you'll be able to play them kind
of similar to playing stuff on an iPod or something like that.
And they said, of course, XNA Zune games can also support custom soundtracks since it is
an MP3 player and you'll be able to take your games from Windows to Xbox to Zune.
And you haven't really announced anything else additional to that.
Now, I don't know if it's just me.
This news is fucking huge, this news.
This is huge.
I think a lot of us saw this coming, but I kind of see this as kind of a turning point
in gaming and I think this is what is going to set the Xbox 360 really apart from its
competitors right now.
You know what I mean?
Well, they said also...
I think this is huge news.
They said at the end of this year they're going to have 1,000 games on Xbox 360 and
that's not including the Xbox Live community games.
You know what this is?
This is YouTube, but with video games.
Yeah, it's YouTube of games that they were...
And that's kind of what it's going to turn into.
And I know people's opinions is that a lot of the user stuff is crap.
You know, a lot of user-made stuff is crap and you look on YouTube and yeah, a lot of
YouTube is crap.
There's 14-year-old girls doing their blogs and shit.
No one wants to watch that.
I understand that a lot of it's crap, but you know, at the same time I think these people
are actually...
I mean, YouTube is free.
Any idiot with a camera can go and shoot something and throw it up on YouTube.
This you actually pay membership, you know, you have to have the tools to develop the
games and stuff like that.
You have to be somewhat intelligent to even do this.
It's not an easy thing to just throw something together and put it on there and stuff.
I would be really interested to see this stuff on here because a lot of it is going to be
independent games.
You're going to have people that are developing some of these free web games to put it on
there now and they can make a little bit of money off of it and that kind of stuff.
I think that's great and also at the same time, it's something that Sony or Nintendo
doesn't have that they can brag about.
This is something you can play these games if you want.
They're optional, obviously, but on top of the two games that we get released each week
on Xbox Live Arcade, now you're going to have a ton of these games that are going to be
available on there and yes, some of them will be crap, but you know what?
That's why you can do your research out there.
Obviously, they will not be requiring demos, I don't think, for these things, but some
of them will have demos available so you can test them out and plus also read the ratings.
For those that say that the user-created games are crap, fucking go check out that Dishwasher
game and the Jelly Car game.
Put it next to some of the things that they're actually charging money for on Xbox Live Marketplace.
They've got some crappy games on Xbox Live Marketplace right now.
There is certainly some good stuff that can come of this, absolutely, and there's a lot
of great independent games that, you know, so I mean, yeah, there's going to be a lot
of crap that you're going to have to weed through, but I think this whole community
kind of aspect of it where it's the peer review, I think that's kind of a smart way to kind
of weed it out.
Not everything independent is crap either.
I mean, look at, you know, N Plus started off as an independent game.
You have two Mickey Fighters, that started off as an independent game.
You have, you know, Everyday Shooter.
Just a ton of stuff out there that, you know, was independent stuff is now becoming mainstream
and it's not bad.
It's just, you know, a lot of times it costs a lot of these people a lot of money to develop
these games and if they don't have a lot of money to put into them, they can't, you know,
get a wide release for them.
Now, this is allowing people that may not have the funds to advertise their game or
do anything like that to do a lot smaller scale and, you know, advertise their stuff
on websites and that kind of thing and then throw it on this, you know, community arcade
and have a lot of people actually get to play their game instead of just not ever hearing
about it.
And I do think that the fact that these games are going to be playable on Zune, I think
that's huge too because I think Microsoft can really be positioning themselves to do
a game handheld if they want.
Imagine if Microsoft releases a portable gaming handheld, not necessarily a Zune, but something
that is more along, you know, is strictly a gaming machine, imagine they release it
and they support XNA on this handheld, boom, this thing comes out, it instantly supports
thousands of games that you can get, I mean, that's what I think is big and I kind of see
like this could be Microsoft positioning the chess pieces and kind of seeing how much this
takes off.
How many people do this and put this on their Zune?
How many kind of get into this whole thing?
So I kind of think this is big news and we're really looking down the next couple years
of gaming.
Maybe I'm running around screaming like a lunatic cultist, which is fine, but I think
this is huge and I look forward to seeing some of the games that are going to come out
from this.
What do you think they would call it if they did a Microsoft handheld?
A Microsoft handheld system?
Yeah.
The, not the Xbox, but the X brick, no, I don't know, I have no idea, X game, I have
no idea.
It could be like the X paper, I don't know.
Paper, rock, scissors, I don't know.
X book says frisbee.
That's kind of funny.
Yes, make it sound like a Mac product.
There you go.
I'd sell it.
You never know.
What about something like Xbox Go?
Something really quick to the point, Xbox Go, doesn't that make you, doesn't that kind
of have the ring of, hey, it's an Xbox product, but you go and you take it places.
I think that's a fine name.
I'm going to trademark that name right now so Microsoft can't use it.
Just kidding.
Well, I have some interesting news, and you know, everybody, well, for the most part loves
Portal.
It's been a big, big internet phenomenon, especially with that psychotic song at the
end of the game that's so funny, but that song, Still Alive, is going to be in a rock
band.
That's cool.
This was a triumph.
Now we've got to get Mo back.
Yeah.
You realize we've got to download this song.
See, we've got a whole band going right here.
Loki can play the drums.
You enjoy bass, right?
You can play bass.
I'll play whatever guitar.
Actually, I usually play the drums when we play at the house.
Well, then you two can fight over it.
I don't really care.
I'll play regular guitar.
I'm just not singing.
Well, Mo can sing because she's got a pretty voice.
She can do the singing, and we'll have ourselves a little OLR house band.
It'll be fun.
And you know what?
Maybe by the time that comes out, we'll have the rock band stage kit, and we can have the
smoke and the lights.
Hell yeah.
Rob almost snorted his coffee.
Are you really wasting money on that stage kit?
I want to get it because it sounds so stupid that I have to get it.
It's one of those things.
I'm not spending money on it.
I'll use store credit, obviously.
That is money that you could spend on something more better.
More better.
Yes, more better.
Okay.
I'm sick.
Leave me alone.
I spend money on stupid things, though.
I don't know.
I'll have to look at it to see what it is, because if it's something really retarded,
I don't know if it works out.
Now the chat room is up in arms.
Loki must sing.
Loki must sing.
Can I finish my story?
Loki must play vocals.
Yes, you may.
Okay.
Well, it was also stated, though, that they've confirmed that another portal is in the works.
In fact, the words Portal 2 were actually used.
In other news, Madden 2010, Final Fantasy XIV, Kingdom Hearts III, and all these other
games confirmed.
Well, here's the thing about, you know, the Portal 2 thing.
It was kind of like, you know, her comment was, oh, I think that they've announced this
already.
She didn't say that, you know, they have, but obviously they're going to make a Portal
2, duh.
I mean, oh my god, a sequel to a game that made a lot of money?
Hmm.
I always think it's funny that it was a throwaway to begin with, pretty much, wasn't it?
I mean, it was more of a nod to an old project.
Yeah, really.
Well, I think it's because we all know it's coming.
Hello.
I mean, Portal, little game with not that big a budget, I don't think, has humongous
success and practically a cult following, duh, it's going to have a sequel.
It's kind of last year's Katamari Damacy.
Let's just hope they don't run it into the ground like they did Katamari.
That's my only concern.
Like, can too much Portal be too much of a good thing?
Absolutely.
Too much Portal when you're intoxicated is too much of a good thing.
I fully support Portal 2, but when we start getting, you know, Portal DS, Portal PSP,
Portal your brain out.
Could you imagine Portal DS?
Yeah, it would be all sorts of lame.
Yeah, no, I just stick to the formula that works, make little improvements as you need
to, that's fine.
How about multiplayer Portal?
There you go, might be kind of fun.
That would be a processing nightmare.
Just put a giant knife on the end of the Portal gun, there you go.
Yeah.
Portal deathmatch.
Giant bayonet.
Imagine what a Portal deathmatch would be like.
With no actual...
Confusing as hell.
With no actual weapon.
Of course, the comparison between Portal and Katamari leads AJ Mix in our chatroom to say,
me and my Portal.
That would be cute.
Active Dad says, Portal 5 Disney Edition.
Oh lordy.
We'll see what happens.
A game that I'm kind of looking forward to, strangely enough, Fable 2, even though the
first one kind of lost interest in that for a little while.
I'm all over this game.
I am all over some of these more recent announcements.
You know, I think this is great, and one of the huge things that they announced in Fable
2, co-op play.
It's pretty big for a somewhat role-playing adventure game.
You get co-op play, so if you and someone else own Fable 2, you can suddenly go into
their single-player world, do your thing, and then leave.
Kind of like the...
Do they spread rumors about them?
Well, the same idea, like in Crackdown.
If somebody's playing the game, you just kind of hop in and join, hello, and leave.
Well, the demo that they showed, actually, Jamie, the woman, or Peter's character, who
was a woman, her husband was kind of pissing this other guy off, so he shot him in the
head with a gun.
That's great.
And now, you know, his character's child or whatever will be put into an orphanage, seriously,
and you can visit and stuff.
That's crazy.
I just hope it's one of those things that doesn't sound really good, and then the execution
of it is kind of...
Because, like, to me, that was kind of the first Fable game.
I'm like, this sounds great, and then I played it, and I'm like, this plays mediocre.
It's going to be awesome.
I kind of hope that it's...
Yeah, I have very high hopes, so I'm hoping I'm not let down, but I am a little bit worried.
Also, you know, you have the little doggy companion that follows you and all that good
stuff, and also, this is big, Xbox Live mini-game that will interact with the full Fable 2 game.
In other words, I guess it's some type of, like, little gambling game that you can play,
and they're actually going to release this game a couple weeks before Fable 2 actually
hits shelves, so you can actually start building gold in the gambling game that you will be
able to spend in Fable 2.
Yeah, it's a game that they had in the first Fable game.
It was called Keystones, like, compared to Craps meets Roulette, and yeah, you can earn
lots of money and be rich and stuff.
What's also cool, though, when you're doing co-op, you actually earn experience, and you
split your golden items, and when you're, like, introducing someone into the co-op game,
you can decide on what the split is going to be like.
If you want to, say, for example, help someone out, you could give them 100% of the gold
and 100% of, you know, item drops or whatever, or you can do 50-50, so that's kind of neat.
What would happen, though, if a really high-level advanced character came into your world and
gave you an Uber sword?
Is there anything to safeguard the game from essentially cheating like that?
I don't know about that, but, you know, if it's like some Final Fantasy games, you can
only be, you have to be a certain level before you can use, you know, X sword, but yeah,
I mean, sure, why not.
Anything back to the first Fable, it's been so long.
It's what we did in Crackdown, you know, someone would come in with a rocket launcher and give
it to you, and there you go, now you have a rocket launcher, it makes the game a hell
lot easier, so.
Well, I'm looking forward to this game and checking it out, that's pretty cool, and I,
it's kind of funny, the whole Xbox Live connection, you know what it reminds me of?
It reminds me of the Pocket Station, like, remember Chocobo Breeding and Final, or, it
wasn't Chocobo Breeding, it was some type of, like, raise your Chocobo, like, a Tamagotchi
type thing that you could have on a little Pocket Station for Final Fantasy VIII?
Yes.
Yeah, it kind of reminds me of that, but instead of something in your pocket on the go, it's
Xbox Live.
I don't know, I don't know, that's the comparison I get in my mind.
The great thing about the Pocket Station game is it'll play itself, so all you have to do
is just leave it on a Playstation system and just leave it, like, running for days at a
time.
Boom, you come back and you have, like, thousands of items.
Awesome.
Nice, well I'm looking forward to Fable 2.
Another game that's coming out here pretty soon in the US will be Wii Fit.
Nintendo has officially announced a date for it, it's going to be coming out May 19th,
and also around the same time the WiiWare service will be launching in the US, May 12th,
and they did have a press release and stuff, of course, you know, this game is insanely
popular in Japan right now, just absolutely selling millions of copies, and I'm sure we'll
do the same over here, just, you know, leave them to announce...
It's going to keep Wii Mania alive in soccer mom's households.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, just leave them to announce another...
See, I knew this was coming out this time, in fact, you know, I know when some other
games are coming out, but I can't say that, but yeah, Wii Fit's going to be doing awesome
and there'll be some other games before it that'll be even more awesome, so...
I'm looking in the chat room and, let's see, who called it Wii Fat?
Somebody called it Wii Fat, I think it was GS68, somebody...
It'd be like an eating game.
Yeah, eat as much as you can, then get on the balance board, and then I'm very happy
that we finally have a date for WiiWare, finally, kind of after all this speculation, oh, it's
going to be out last Christmas, oh, I guess first quarter, oh, second quarter, now we
have a date, so that's finally when Nintendo will kind of be, you know, showing us what
they have there.
Get on board with what everyone else has been doing for years already.
In a way, but, you know, I don't know, Nintendo often can surprise, you know, they can do
this shit later and sometimes surprise us, so we'll see, we'll see, it all depends on
the quality of the games, in my opinion.
Well, it's something else that they're enacting is something called, it's a payment service
called Wii Connection Pay and Play, so it's that you can buy the WiiWare stuff with Wii
Points.
I think that's kind of interesting, I mean, they say that there's already, you know, we've
got that with a virtual console, pretty much, but.
This is a little different, though, this is actually for online play in certain games,
you have to pay with Wii Points, and it's for download content and that kind of thing.
I've, I've.
That's what I was getting to.
Oh, go ahead.
That's okay, we've pretty much already said it.
I've heard this concept said before for what Xbox Live should have done, is that, especially
for these retro arcade titles that, you know, you play them once and you're kind of done,
like wouldn't it be nice if you actually only played a quarter to play Tron, or, oh, here's
a great example.
I love Tron, but Disks of Tron, that game gets old a little bit fast for me.
I don't know, it was one of those games that's better left in my memories of being a seven-year-old,
is Disks of Tron, so I wish I could have only paid 25 cents to play it once and then be
done with it, and not have it permanently for five dollars, if that makes sense.
So hearing that Nintendo might be adopting a model like this, that's kind of interesting
to me.
I don't really have a better word, but interesting.
Do you think that's a better price model, Dark Sakura, to do more pay-to-play?
It depends.
I think that there should be the option of having the full thing and then having the,
it should either be pay for all of it or pay-to-play.
Like a, give you a choice.
Gerardimo in chat asks a good question, says, but Rob, isn't that what the demos are for?
Kinda, but what if you can get really far on one quarter?
I mean, that's how the old-school arcades work.
Sometimes you're really good at the game naturally, you know?
I took this news as something totally different.
I thought that this was going to be, like, extended services that they're going to be
adding to, like, we say, for example, voice chat or something in a game, and you would
have to pay extra for that kind of thing, because they were saying that, I thought they
were saying that this was actually going to be used in disc-based games as well as, you
know, the WiiWare games and stuff, but I guess I read that wrong, I don't know.
Because I was understanding, you know, okay, their service kind of sucks right now as far
as what they have available online, and so some stuff they were going to add later on,
or in order to finance that, they were going to charge for some of the services, like,
say for example, you know, leaderboards or friends lists or something like that online,
similar, like, live services, but, oh well.
Well, one of the other things I was going to bring up is that there is the whole Nintendo
channel, we're supposed to be getting that over here and in Europe, which will let you
get to screenshots, videos of new games, play demos of DS titles, and then after you've
played for an hour, you can rate it, but you only, of course, do that through the Nintendo
channel, and it'll keep track of what you play, what you use to find new games, so it'll,
it's basically more like, it's like TiVo, I guess, for your games, you know, it sees
what types of games you've been looking into and says, well, here's others, you know.
That's kind of interesting.
And then the WiiWare games will be stored on the console and accessed through the channel
on the Wii menu, and you can store them on your SD cards.
You'll get manuals online, too, from the Wii Shop channel, so you can check them out so
that you know what you're paying for before you do it.
And you can only get them, of course, through your Wi-Fi connection, and they're, again,
going to be based on, like, what you like.
Another thing that they're launching in Japan that we're probably not going to get is another
type of channel that shows TV program listings so that you can see what you want to watch.
I mean, then again, we basically already have that already built into cable, you know.
TV Guide channel.
Yeah, the TV Guide channel.
But, and it doesn't really say anything else about that, but they're saying that they're
not going to bring it out anywhere else yet.
Huh.
Interesting.
Yeah, I doubt we're going to get that, since I think it's all for Japanese channels anyways,
unless we really care what's on Japanese TV, I don't know.
You know, between everything Jamie's saying here about what's coming to the Wii and what
we were talking about earlier with the XNA Creators Club, this is going to be a really
big year for digital distribution.
And then if the Netflix thing turns out to be true, this is a big, big year for download
stuff.
I think that's the way everything's going.
I think we've all known that for quite some time.
This is kind of interesting.
To see it actually happen?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's one thing to talk about, and it's one thing to see how it plays out, if that makes
sense.
Well, I'm also curious to see how the Wii Balance Board plays out, and apparently, according
to Reggie Fils-Aime, over 10 Wii Balance Board games are in development.
The most common problem with a peripheral, they come out, there's only one or two games
for it.
If that game fails, the whole damn peripheral fails, they obey the bots, it feels like they
wasted their money.
Now it seems like, you know, when these peripherals come out, a company's throwing a lot of money
behind it to try and make them take off, and that's certainly one thing that they're doing
with the Wii Balance Board.
Maybe the fact that it's already done so well in Japan helps, who knows?
But Reggie Fils-Aime commented in something he was speaking to with IGN, he said, quote,
there are over 10 games in development that take advantage of the Balance Board.
All we know so far would be Wii Fit, and then the skiing game that Namco's putting out,
but who knows what else?
Could it be that the other Wii Balance Board games are some of these download titles that
you'll be able to play?
Or another WarioWare game?
Oh, I bet a WarioWare game's a given, actually.
That's a good thought.
To kind of go back to that last story we were talking about, Nintendo's Takashi Aoyama,
actually they were saying, his description of the service was that Nintendo will begin
collecting fees for some services that will allow us to adapt flexibility.
So in other words, it's subsidizing additional services like new channels and stuff like
that.
And it will be something that's on boxes, like they said that it's going to be an orange
logo that's going to be right next to the Wi-Fi Connect logo.
So I think this is something additional.
It's not just like an arcade kind of format where you pay X amount of Wii points to play
a game or something like that online.
So I don't know, we'll have to see when it finally comes out.
SSJ100Matt says, why couldn't anyone bring back the Sega Activator?
Speaking of peripherals, it didn't do so hot.
Well, that's another reason why games like Para Para didn't really take off either.
They had similar type of peripherals.
Hey, I have an activator.
I had one and I disassembled it because I was going to turn it into a Para Para controller.
Isn't that ironic?
I had no time in my life that I owned an activator.
Anyways, so another game that of course we're looking forward to pretty soon is Mario Kart
Wii, and luckily the rest of the world knows when it's coming out, except the US.
Isn't that ironic?
But apparently though, Mario Kart Wii will be hitting Japan on April 10th.
Also coming to Europe the day after on the 11th.
So that's pretty awesome.
Of course it's going to be bundled with the Wii Wheel, a piece of plastic crap that you're
going to stick the remote in, however you do not need to use that to play the game.
In fact, you'll have as many control options as Smash Bros. did, so that's awesome, including
GameCube and Classic Controllers.
Okay, if I used logic, if it's coming out the same week in Japan and Europe, wouldn't
it be logical to say that's going to be the same time frame we get it here?
I mean, that would be my guess.
I can't comment on that.
You bastard, you know, don't you?
You're just afraid of a Katamari redo.
Alright fine.
I know when it's coming out.
Okay, tell me this.
Am I right or am I wrong?
You're wrong.
But you're close.
Oh, shiz.
You're wrong.
Alright, fair enough.
We'll leave it at that.
I know when.
I know when.
I know, I know, I know.
What?
Soon.
You're a bitch.
I know.
Heart.
Well, I have some fun news and stuff that actually I can say when it's coming out because
it already has.
And this is our UK Virtual Console.
And this is pretty cool because this is actually, speaking of the Activator, this is a game
that I bought with my Activator.
Was Eternal Champions.
Nice.
I love Eternal Champions.
That game is, actually I love Eternal Champions CD a lot more.
That was a really good transition.
No, I'm just saying for the Activator, that was a really good transition.
That's all.
Oh, okay.
I just want to take time out to acknowledge that really good transition.
Thank you, Rob.
You're welcome.
I feel very confident now in my announcing skills.
Thank you.
As if an endorsement from me is what's needed.
Alright, I'll shut up.
I'm ruining the show.
No, you're not.
Anyway, Eternal Champions is like one of those, like, if you have wanted violence in video
games, this is what did it, you know.
You had your over-kills, you know, how each level would have like this, like, you know,
super destructive violent move and you had people from all over the world and all through
time you had a robot kickboxer and a caveman and like, what's your face that had the really
cool snake look and dress thing?
She was really cool.
I didn't play it.
And there was one guy who, I can never remember what he was called, but I always called him
Darkman because he had the hat and the coat and everything, but this is just a really,
really fun game, but it's going to be, it's 800 Wii points, really, really fun, but this
also raises a question that I was thinking of.
Which is?
Do we have any Sega CD games that have come out on Wii?
Sega CD?
Not that I can think of.
If we're getting Turbo Duo games, and why can't we get...
Night Trap on virtual consoles?
Please say we can have, or, dude, I want Criss Cross Make Your Own Video.
Rob?
What?
I have that game.
I have that one too.
And the Marky Mark and the Funky Munch one?
I have that one too.
That is awesome.
Dude, you didn't bring those over.
We need to play it one night.
Well, if I can find where we put them, but you know what I need to bring over?
What?
Because I think that you would like this one.
What?
Do you like Information Society?
I guess.
I have one of the karaoke CDs that came on the Sega CD.
Anyway.
So, also out for UK Virtual Console, and this is also super happy, Phantasy Star 2.
Which is another 800 Wii Points game.
And it's actually, I'd have to say, probably tops to me in the series, because it had Nae
in it, and she was really cool.
DJ Dark Knight in Chat would like you to know the girl's name was Jetta Max.
That was it.
And I should have remembered that, because my favorite character on Gem was Jetta.
But that's another story.
Plus it's a pretty cool car.
Okay.
Alright.
But for the Phantasy Star games, it was like, you know, you had your different viewpoint
where you played from behind the characters and could attack for your different scenes
and your little dungeon crawl areas.
You know, it was really cool.
I mean, pretty, I'd have to say, the story wasn't all that great, but it was just a fun
game to play.
And moving forward, we also have Street Gangs that was a Nintendo NES game for 500 points,
and it's not worth, and actually, the cool thing about this is, you want to know what's
super cool about it?
What?
The River City Ransom is what it is.
Ah, okay.
Yep.
Which, the Japanese name of it was Hot-Blooded Downtown Story.
That sounds fun.
When you phrase it that way, that sounds a lot of fun.
I have to tell you this, and if I can find my copy of it, because I only have a burn
of it, I haven't been able to find an original yet, is it has voice on the PC Engine Duo
version.
Wow.
You know, the scenes where you go inside and go order food, you know, they start off the
adashimase, and then talk to you all cutesy and everything.
When the guys die, do they actually say, barf?
They make more punch noises.
Do they?
Like, ooh.
Because that's all I remember is in the NES one, when you killed people, they'd go barf.
Well, I will have to, if you would like, I would have to find my burn of the PC Engine
Duo ones that you can see.
It just adds a completely different element to the game, having the voice with it, but
anyway, that's just me.
One weekend, we need to have a marathon gaming session with Jamie's Rare Fucking Games
Weekend or something, where we just play these obscure-ass video games that we've been talking
about all night long.
I have a ton of obscure games for the Wii.
And we could raise money for charity, like all those marathon gamer people do.
You know what game I'd have to bring you, if I can find my copy of it?
Psychic Storm.
And this game has a subtitle.
Dan calls it I Get Pissed Off, because when they say Psychic Storm, they say it in a very
thick accent, and Dan thinks they're saying I Get Pissed Off.
And there's another one that I'm going to have to get from a friend of mine that I think
I've talked about on the show before, that's called Silphia, where it's a shooter game
with fairies.
Interesting.
I would be actually, like maybe we could do something where we bring in a whole stock
of games, and we'll play each game for an hour, and we let the chat vote on which game
we'll play next or something.
Dude, you know it's going to be over as soon as I put Dracula X in, because you won't get
me off that game.
Maybe save that for last.
Who knows?
But anyway, the last game on the list is Adventure Island, for 500 Wii points, and Adventure
Island is just, it's classic.
I mean, it's, I don't mean, today it's, you know, maybe kind of, you know, more repeat,
repeat, repeat, but Adventure Island is one of the major classics, so I'm glad that's
in there.
That is one of the first NES games I actually remember playing.
It's also technically a Wonder Boy game.
That's right.
I know, though, that series spawned one of my favorite games, Wonder Boy Monster Land.
You know, actually, one game I loved in the Adventure Island series was Super Adventure
Island.
Did you ever play that on Super Ninja?
And you know what I loved about Super Adventure Island was the music.
I thought it had one of the best soundtracks, and years later, I figured it out.
Do you know why Super Adventure Island had such a kickass soundtrack?
Yuzo Koshiro.
Huh?
Well, I'll tell you what, though, I've got the TurboGrafx Adventure Island cue card.
Fun.
That's pretty cool.
But, um, you know, though, I would really, really like to see, um, is, uh, I haven't
seen, at least as far as I've paid attention, I haven't seen any of the Alex Kidd games.
Maybe someday.
I would personally like to see Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
You seem to bring that up every chance you get.
You want Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
It's a great game.
One of these days, it's gonna be my classic game.
Alright.
Not anytime soon.
Alright, well, if that's all that's coming to the Virtual Console, then we will move
on with what is coming to a store near you around the world.
We'll start with Japan and the Japanese release dates.
Coming out on February 28th, Call of Juarez and the Idolmaster live for you on the Xbox
360.
Idolmaster is pretty big over in Japan, and so it's a pretty big title coming out this
week for them.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, nothing, but you do get Guitar Hero 3 next week, so
stay tuned for that.
Also in Japan, coming out on the Nintendo Wii, Choro Q Wii, sorry, Koro Q Wii.
Remember, part of the fun is listening to me horribly mispronounce Japanese names, especially
when I'm sick.
The Koro 2 games are fun.
Also coming out, more games in the Simple Wii series, the block Kuzushi and the Wai
Wai Combat are coming out.
Also Uchi Suri, Sega Bass Fishing will be coming out as well on the Nintendo Wii in
Japan this week.
Moving on to the PlayStation 2, Burnout 3 Take Down comes out.
I think that's a price reduction, though.
I don't think that's actually a new release.
Final Approach 2, First Priority comes out from one of my favorite companies, Princess
Soft comes out there.
Also coming out, lots of price reductions, Medal of Honor Frontline, Need for Speed Underground
2.
I like this title, Night Wizard the Video Game, Denial of the World is coming out.
That sounds like fun.
It sounds so emo.
It does.
Denial of the World.
Deny.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS, Soma Bringer, as well as Akajawa Jiro Mystery, Yasu Kiyoku
is coming out as well.
Coming out on the PSP in Japan is nothing but a new pouch in mint green.
Enjoy that, but no games.
That's it.
The U.S. is getting in quite a few things.
Potapon on the PSP, it's a pretty cool rhythm game, also a bit of action thrown in there.
On the 360 and PC, no PS3 version for this, Frontline's Fuel War, another military first
person shooter.
Lost Via Domus coming to Xbox 360, PC, and PS3.
Good spin off of this show.
Turning Point, Fall of Liberty on 360, PC, and PS3, kind of an alternate World War II
shooter game.
Naruto Ninja Destiny on the DS, it's a Naruto 3D fighter game.
The Sims 2 Free Time for PC.
Lost Planet Extreme Condition on the PS3, which includes bonus characters like Mega
Man, Frank from Dead Rising, and some of the other characters from the PC version.
Plus, it's only $39.99, so pretty good price for a game that came out a year ago.
Destroy All Humans Big Willy Unleashed for the Wii, looks awesome, I love the Destroy
All Humans series.
Mazes of Fate DS, it's an RPG, kind of a traditional one for the DS there.
Agatha Christie's and Then There Were None for the Wii, an adventure game.
Let's see here, Arma Gold Edition for PC.
Heavenly Guardian for PlayStation 2, it's kind of an anime style 2D shooter game.
Puzzle Guzzle for the PSP, that's another...
Puzzle Guzzle?
Puzzle Guzzle.
That is the dumbest name I've ever heard for games, sorry to the makers of Puzzle Guzzle,
whoever you are.
It's huge tech.
But that's a bad name, that's a bad name.
Some GameStop exclusive stuff, Fantasy Aquarium, yes, you can raise all sorts of different
fish and sea life, including dolphins.
Sea Man 3, I was just going to say, can you raise a Sea Man?
I don't know if you can.
This actually is also coming out, not GameStop exclusive, Block is Portable Steam Bot Championship.
This is actually a game that was in that Steam Bot Chronicles game, which I thought was very
niche anyways, and now you can play it away from the game, yay, I guess.
And let's see, Bubble Bobble Doubleshot on the DS, hopefully with level 30 as well.
And let's see...
I see what you did there.
Exactly.
Brain Assist, that's coming out on the DS from Sega, yet another brain training game.
Sega Bass Fishing for the Wii, that's not necessarily using the Dreamcast fishing rod,
but you can pretend with the Wii Remote.
And Spitfire Heroes Tales Royal Air Force for the DS by Destineer, because they put
out a lot of shit.
And I believe that's it, but I like this title that's coming out next week, though, it's
a horse riding sim, but if you say the name of the title a little bit, it sounds weird.
Let's Ride Friends Forever.
Don't say that out loud really fast, because that sounds really, really bad.
Oh, and Tigers, or Pets, Wild Animals, Tigers game, yes, because now you can raise tigers.
Oh, and Bratz Super Babies, I forgot about that.
Hey, Jamie, let's go ride friends forever.
Only friends let friends ride friends.
Nice.
Oh, is that it for US releases?
Uh, yeah, and this isn't really a game, but the extra guitars for Guitar Hero 3 are coming
out for PS3 and the Wii now, so, um, if you're looking for extra guitars, there you go.
Is that a copy of Bejeweled I'm seeing on the table over there?
That's actually already been given away, I just haven't gotten to the post office yet.
I was like...
What was the week you were here?
I think I'm baffled by that, but that's okay.
Bejeweled 2, even better.
Yes.
You know what I thought?
Um, you guys were talking about obscure games.
This isn't really obscure, but I guess it's obscure now.
Commander Keen.
Ooh!
Play some of that.
I remember those.
Bunch of, uh, EGA colored games, that'd be fun.
You know, you know what other game, though, I was thinking about just the other day?
Was Jazz Jackrabbit.
How about Jill of the Jungle?
I remember that game.
The game was rad.
That's what it is.
How about him?
You know me, though, my favorite PC game is so super obscure right now.
Anyway.
On the 28th, we have Lost on PC.
Um, yay.
29th, um, we have, uh, 8 Ball All-Stars on DS.
We have, uh, Asterix at the Olympic Games comic series.
And then we have, like, a French version, I think.
Because it's in, because the, uh, title's in French.
We have Beautiful Katamari on the 29th on Xbox 360.
Blacksite Area 51.
We have Bleach, Shattered Blade, and the Blade of Fate, um, Wii and DS, respectively.
Destroy All Humans, Big Willy Unleashed.
Fish Tycoon.
My brain's still wrapping around that, sorry.
Frontlines Fuel of War on Xbox 360 and PC.
Guilty Gear XX Accent Core on Wii.
Um, Jamster All-Stars, King of Clubs, Lost, um, yeah.
Lost Odyssey, Lost Planet Extreme Condition, Namco Museum on DS, Persona 3, SpongeBob Atlantis
SquarePants, The Spiderwick Chronicles, Warriors of the Lost Empire, and Zoo Hospital.
All right, sounds like an exciting week over there.
That's a, that's a long wait for Beautiful Katamari.
I would say so.
Wow.
Poor, poor guys over here.
Epic and Apogee, or 3D Realms now, they really need to go back and remake a lot of their
older games, like Shareware stuff.
Seriously.
Those are some IPs that need to be, be gone and revisited, seriously.
Yeah.
Who doesn't want a new Jill of the Jungle 3D shooter, or something?
Hey, you know, people are looking for that, uh, good female heroine.
Well, hey, speaking of new IPs, uh, based on old ideas, possibly, um, Activision apparently
has filed a trademark for a game name called DJ Hero.
You just couldn't stop there, could you?
You just have it going.
You know, I think a lot of us have seen this coming for a long time, and of course the
reason why, you know, a lot of us, remember, Orange Launch Radio, hello, look at our name.
We started a long time ago as a station dedicated to music-based video games, and one of them
specifically was Beatmania, and I think a lot of us called this a long time ago when
we started seeing Guitar Hero's success.
It's only a matter of time.
If Konami's gonna sit on it and not do anything with it, somebody else is gonna pick it up
and run with it, and I think that's what we're gonna see happen.
I mean, well, I'm sure Konami's gonna license, you know, the rights for their controller-type
design and that stuff, but they've already done one here, so we know that they have trademarks
and, you know, copyrights in place for stuff like that, like Beatmania, but, um...
I think Sega does also have the Kraken DJ1 licensed over here, too.
But here's what I'm wondering, though, with this, is, um, really all they're doing, and
I mean, this isn't that big of a surprise, because most buying games are like that, too.
All they're really doing is just swapping out guitar for, you know, a turntable and
buttons.
I mean, if that's what they're gonna be doing with this.
They're really whoring that Guitar Hero franchise and kind of running it into the ground, I
think.
I think it's gonna be interesting to see what happens.
I don't think it's gonna be a clone of Beatmania.
I mean, they're not gonna do that, but it's gonna be interesting to see kind of what happens
with it, what they decide to change.
I hope it's Kraken DJ!
I think you're gonna see something like frequency amplitude, but with a different type of controller.
I don't think that's what it's gonna be.
But we'll see.
I hope.
I hope it's something different.
I'm thinking this is gonna be announced at E3 this year.
Wait for it.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Oh, nothing.
Go ahead.
So, Microsoft is officially, well, along with everyone else...
Wait, I gotta say this.
This is a very good point.
A.J.
Mixx says, this isn't a Harmonic 6 Activision.
True point, but, you know, still, it could be something like that.
That's all.
Okay.
So, Microsoft, as well as everyone else, is pretty much getting up on HD DVD.
Rightly so, they have stopped supporting their HD DVD players.
They will, of course, still warranty the product and stuff like that, but they're no longer
manufacturing them.
In other news, and, you know, this hasn't really made it out there that well, other
than a rumor, they have dropped the price of $50, you know, and that's official, so...
So, you're gonna actually get one so I can hang out with my laser disc player and the
Betamax in our closet.
I mean, if you're looking for something cheap...
I kind of laughed because I saw an ad on the Xbox 360 not even, like, six hours ago that
said HD DVD player now only $129, and I just kind of snickered.
Yeah.
There's a lot of good movies out on HD DVD, though, but...
$50.
Good luck finding them, though.
I know GameStop's not carrying them anymore and they're not selling their movies.
In fact, they had a pretty good deal, buy two, get two free type thing, but...
Damn it.
I need to start looking for these deals, because I need to stock up on HD DVDs now that my
player isn't gonna be able to do shit.
I only own, like, four HD DVD movies.
Yeah.
Thank God I have Stardust.
I love that movie.
And Batman Begins.
Oh, I hope that that comes out.
See, I think if you can get a hold of one of these for pretty dirt cheap, I mean, just
hold out.
It's just like UMDs, man.
Those UMD movies, they're dirt cheap, because no one wants them, and, you know, people start
trying to get rid of these things and I think you'll be able to find them pretty, you know,
cheap.
Plus, I mean, there's no real difference between those and Blu-ray movies anyways as
far as, you know, image quality goes, so I don't think you're gonna notice.
Well, I don't know about some of you guys, but me as somebody who picked up an HD DVD
player, I'm mad that it's all over and that makes me angsty and that means it's time for
the FUs of the Week.
My FUs of the Week goes towards this stupid, clearly compensating for something, man driving
a truck.
We had a very, very rainy day.
It was very rainy, very windy, kind of nasty, and there's this one particular turn where
it's a little sharper than I think that it needs to be to turn, and it's pretty much
a two-lane left turn, and so this one guy was in the inside lane and I was in the outside
lane.
Well, when we turned in, he basically cut me off in the middle of the turn, which isn't,
you know, just rude.
It's incredibly dangerous.
It's something that only an idiot would do.
So he cuts me off and then he starts to spin out, and then I start to spin out because
I was trying to, you know, avoid the tail end of these retarded, you know, small penis
truck.
So in his spinning out and me losing control, and I actually, I, you know, steered into
it and managed to get myself straightened out.
By the time I got my car, you know, back lined up and everything was fine, he swung out again,
and if I hadn't stopped when I did, then he would have pretty much taken off my bumper.
So the other really kind of scary part about this is that, you know, there's that, well,
I'm sure those of us in the room know, there's that ditch on the side, and I didn't want
to go in that ditch, that would have gotten my car dirty.
But it was just really the fact that there are people who should have to take psychological
exams before they are permitted to drive.
That's what I have to say.
This person driving this truck was clearly of poor judgment, very, very poor driving
skills and substandard intelligence.
So F you to stupid people who drive.
My FUs ought to be pretty obvious this week, F you to being sick, F you to my car not working
completely right when I pay a lot of money for my car, and F you to the Wi-Fi here not
working and just F you to February.
That's it.
F you to my 360 sort of working, or at least playing games with me, and once I think it's
working, you know, I've tested it extensively, I take it to work, it starts up, ten seconds
later it freezes.
It really fucking pisses me off because I can't figure out what's wrong with it, although
I'm getting close to where there's nothing more I can fix on it, so I'm going to have
to cut a hole in the side of it, just because I think that's necessary that I get the Dremel
out.
And it'll look cool.
As it is, it sounds like a jet coming out of that thing now that I've, you know, twelve
of modded the fan.
Alright, is that it?
Yeah, and that broke an intercooler too because I took it apart.
Is that it?
Yes, but...
That's fine.
Alright, let's keep moving on with the news.
You know, for supposedly being a short show tonight, I don't think we're going to be that
short of a show.
We'll see.
It's just kind of like one long show.
That's right.
It'll be fun, right, Jamie?
Fun?
Yeah, fun.
We're having fun, right?
The more you have fun, the more drunk I am.
No, I'm kidding.
Right.
Anyway, um...
We're fans of the Commodore 64, wouldn't you say?
Fuck yes we are!
I love the Commodore 64.
By we, I mean Rob.
I get...
The Commodore 64 was my first gaming system, okay?
I mean, I had an Atari 2600, but I played tons of games on Commodore 64.
I love the C64.
My first one makes me cry.
It was the Odyssey.
That would make me cry too.
Anyway, the Commodore 64 is coming to the European Virtual Console later this year.
The first two games to be out are Iridium and International Karate.
So it looks to me like they're also going to be charging for them 500 Wii points.
There's not any kind of notice as if we're going to be getting them over here.
And I think the other thing that they've recently announced is Master System games.
I hope some of the classic Commodore 64 games come out, but then again, I think about it,
and a lot of the games I played on Commodore 64 were ports of arcade games and things that
are out in various other types of ways now, so I don't know.
But there were some old C64 games that were kind of fun, but a lot of them required a
keyboard.
I just want Impossible Mission, okay?
That's what I want.
I want more than anything.
Puzzle Quest is going to be getting a sequel, or is it?
It seems like they've taken a game that was already in development and slapped the Puzzle
Quest name on it.
The game is called Galactrix, and it's now being called Puzzle Quest Galactrix.
Is it possibly D3 just using the Puzzle Quest name to sell copies of a game that might not
have sold much otherwise?
I don't know, but it looks interesting, because now instead of having squares in a more bejeweled-ish
type of setting, now it looks like you have hexagons, and I don't know if it's hexic or
what the deal is.
It's Galactrix.
It's not hexic.
It's clearly different.
But apparently now it has a whole sci-fi theme as opposed to a fantasy theme.
You know what?
I don't know.
I'm going to withhold judgment until I play it.
It does look like it has spells and all that good stuff from the old one, but you know
what they say about too much of a good thing.
Don't oversaturate the market with all these sub-par puzzle games that you slap the name
Puzzle Quest on or you're going to be in trouble.
That's all I think.
But I don't know.
Puzzle Quest?
Bookworm Adventures?
This game might be kind of fun, so we'll see.
Dude, Bookworm Adventures is rad.
Don't be knocking Bookworm Adventures.
Besides, there's two different people.
You're talking PopCap Games.
Somebody else that apparently likes to take PopCap Cans and remake them.
Puzzle Quest is just like Bejeweled.
I mean, that's the only reason Nelly plays it, so I don't know.
Rob with Two Bees in Chat says, I want Puzzle Quest Pirates Booty.
We need a good pirate puzzle game.
Oh wait, we have puzzle pirates.
So EA, being the pompous asses that they are, decided, hey, we're fucking EA.
We're going to try to buy Take Two.
We're going to offer you two billion dollars.
Anyway, of course, Take Two looked at it and said, no, sorry.
You know why I think this is interesting?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't Take Two own 2K games?
Yeah, Take Two owns 2K games.
They also own Rockstar.
Basically buying this would have EA would have a monopoly on those sports games.
I was going to say, if that happened, EA would have a sports monopoly.
That's crazy talk.
No, that's EA talk.
I mean, it's not surprising to hear about all these murders.
Our games may not be great, but you have no other choice.
I think it's interesting that Take Two just said, no.
That's not good.
When your companies look at being bought like that, though, sometimes it's not good.
I mean, I don't know.
Well, it was unsolicited.
I mean, you know, they weren't saying, hey, who wants to buy us?
EA is just like, hey, we've got $2 billion.
We want to buy you because Grand Theft Auto is awesome.
But, see, that's the thing.
I think 2K and Take Two, they may have had financial trouble earlier, but I think they're
going to make a turnaround, especially with Grand Theft Auto IV.
They're going to make all sorts of money with that shit.
I don't know.
This reminds me of the whole Microsoft Yahoo thing that's been going on the past couple
of weeks, where apparently Microsoft's been trying to buy Yahoo, but Yahoo's been kind
of saying no, or the stockholders have been saying no.
Very interesting stuff.
It's like just because you have the money doesn't mean they're going to sell to you.
I mean, it's true.
If I was Take Two, I'd be like, fuck you, I'm not going to sell my company $2 billion.
Well, in other news, though, Orange Lounge Radio is up for sale for the highest bidder.
We will take $2 billion, trust each.
I don't care.
We'll put EA presents EA's Orange Lounge Radio by EA.
I really don't care.
We would sell out like that.
I will talk, hell, presented by Madden, Madden's Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't give a crap.
$2 billion, man.
I do whatever they want with this show.
I quit.
Can you imagine Madden's Orange Lounge Radio?
I'd be foaming at the mouth.
Featuring the gay guy, the angry man, and the woman who...
We'll build a room of money.
Who I love and adore.
You want to know what sucks is that I wasn't thinking about what all to spend that much
money on.
I was thinking about, well, technically I was, but I was thinking pay off credit cards,
pay off student loans, buy a house, and then move to Europe.
Act Deaf has made the first bid for Orange Lounge Radio at $2.
We need more money.
Let's sell the station on eBay.
That would be fun.
Dude, you want to?
When we're ready to just call it quits, which, you know, we've been doing this six years.
Who knows when it's going to happen?
When we finally decide to call it quits, I say we sell it all on eBay to the highest
bidder and just have a good...spend all the money on a goodbye party with crack and hookers.
We should do random eBay stuff because it's like, I don't know if you know when they were
having all this stuff on the Gorillaz website, they actually sold 2D shoes on eBay.
Nice.
So we could do stuff like that.
Like I have...
Okay, I need to say something.
Chat room, knock it off.
We didn't say the station is actually for sale, so bidding is not up to $50, okay?
Shut up.
I'll sell a date.
I'll go out with somebody.
You're married.
So my husband will be fine with it.
I get free food and we get money.
What's bad about that?
I'll tell you what, Rob, because you know how that one Guitar Hero controller or Guitar
Hero game or whatever was sold for like thousands of dollars because some father took it away
from his pot smoking son, supposedly?
Well that copy of Bookworm Adventures, that copy was stolen from the President of the
United States.
From his secret bunker where he's holding Bin Laden.
I think that we should put that on eBay and see how much money we can get.
And there's an image of the Virgin Mary in the plastic.
Oh yes, there is.
By the way, just so that you know, there's a chance that we may have Dan next week.
Nice.
Dan the man.
Yes.
Have we even...
My God, in the six year history of the show, has Dan ever been on it?
Once.
Yes he has.
Once.
I wasn't there.
Once.
I wasn't there when it happened.
I think you were.
No, it was a week that you...
I was gone and the show turned...
This is way back in the day before the podcast.
This is the day of the apartment.
This was when you guys, you guys did the show from your apartment and you ended up watching
a biography of Ron Jeremy while the show was going on.
No, Dan was at your guys' old place.
Dan was at your guys' old place before.
Oh, he did come to the show once there.
That's right.
Because we have the picture from the webcam.
I remember that.
I remember that.
That's true.
The Ron Jeremy thing was great because we were like, dude, the stories are just not
all that great.
Let's just watch porn.
Or watch, you know, porn documentary.
Oh, the days.
The good old golden days of Orange Lounge Radio.
Rastiel Ute says, Loki, we know that's bullshit.
W.A. doesn't know what a book is, much less bookworms.
Yes, but see, you know, it's cute and he likes cute things, so...
Hey, dates don't mean you have to go get nookie or anything.
Chat room.
Pervs.
All right, let's get to the mailbag segment of the show.
I'm sure the mailbag's very full after not having a show last week, so Dark Soccer's
had to be super selective in what she picks out to read tonight.
If you want to send us emails, mailbag at OrangeLoungeTrader.com.
Hi, so that Lucky Nuts guy emailed me back, the one who I was kind of upset with for my
comments about physics.
So he said he was sorry for making me angry and they were just poking some fun.
I was just, I'm just going to let you know that I go on PMS-related tangents quite regularly
and if you're going to deal with women, you've just got to get used to it.
We have that going on, although I have to say that it was more or less of a WTF moment,
so don't worry about it, whatever.
So next actual email.
Hi, O.L.R. team.
We're a team now?
Yes.
Okay.
We put the EA in team.
Does that mean that we have to go on team buildings and have the company pay for lunch?
Maybe.
We don't have a company.
We're lunch money.
Yeah, we do.
Anyway.
I have been listening to the podcast since sometime last year when I discovered it while
browsing for websites that were formatted for the PSP.
Yeah, Lucky, another one.
I won't go into a long dribble here, but suffice to say, I really enjoyed listening to you
rambling on about games, the Olive Garden, and Moist Cake.
Since I travel a lot doing my job, it's hard to play all the games or even to keep up with
what's going on, what's coming out all the time, knowing that I'm missing out on something
but not knowing what is worse than listening to O.L.R. and hearing how great Burnout Paradise
and COD4 must be.
So thanks Ego++ to you.
The last few weeks, I have been riding a daily ferry from Margarita Island in Venezuela to
Coach Island where I'm teaching.
I'm a kiteboarding instructor, and that's when I usually get to listen to the podcast
on my PSP.
Since I work in Spain during the summer months, I can't listen to O.L.R. live due to the time
shift, but if my internet connection doesn't fail on me this weekend, I might make it to
listen to you live this Sunday.
After all, Venezuela is at least on the same side of the globe.
Finally, a short question.
You've already mentioned Yahtzee from Zero Punctuation once, and I was wondering if you
could maybe get him over to the Skyline to drop in for a quick chat.
His video reviews are a weekly highlight for me, and I would love to see O.L.R. chat with
him for a while.
I doubt it.
He's in Australia.
Yeah.
And busy.
Yeah.
It is.
Thanks and keep up the independent, informative, and very funny show.
And this is from MVH808.
That was very nice.
Thank you.
Next email.
Hey folks, at the O.L.R. headquarters.
I've got two quick questions here.
First is for Loki.
I know this show doesn't condone shady topics, but bear with me.
I originally purchased a Wii key for my Wii because people in my home like to mall discs,
and I'd rather have backup copies lying around than $50 discs.
So what is your thoughts on this mod chip?
Well, which Wii mod chip do you use, and how hard is it to install one of these because
I have not the slightest experience in soldering?
Also, how many Subway sandwiches with white bread would I have to bribe you with to install
mine?
Do you use ham and cheese?
No.
No.
I have a Cyclo-Wiz.
I think it's Cyclo-Wiz V2, I don't know.
Whatever the second series, V version 2, I think, is what it was.
They're really friggin' tiny, and it was kinda scary trying to solder it.
But the thing about the soldering, though, is it actually, the one I have, it has a thing
called quick solder, and basically there's two points on the board that you fill up these
holes with solder.
Of course, you have to put flux on the board because the solder didn't want to stick to
it at first.
And then once you've got that on there, the chip is basically on there, and what you can
do is you tin two wires and solder them onto three really, really, really tiny points on
the board and connect it to the chip.
It wasn't easy at all, and I got lucky, I guess, that it worked just fine.
Just be careful, I guess.
But don't electrocute yourself.
You're not going to electrocute yourself.
And remember, you're going to void your warranty.
Yeah, you will void your warranty, but to be honest, I wouldn't worry too much.
Just worry about bridging stuff that you shouldn't, like, those three points on the board that
you would be soldering wires to are really close together, so if you put too much solder
on there, they will bridge each other, and it just won't work, but, you know, you can
always take the solder off there and also make sure you don't lift any of the traces
on there as well by putting too much heat on there.
Just be careful, use really, really, really small gauge wire, like, I think I used 30
gauge wire, I think, I can't remember, really, really tiny stuff.
And then...
An YR fan in chat confessed, I electrocuted myself once.
Be careful.
Just, yeah, be careful with that stuff.
I love the CycloWiz, I mean, they're the only ones that were running, you know, at
initially Smash Brothers, so I was able to import Smash Brothers that way, and also they
were one of the first to be able to use Super Mario Galaxies, so I like them.
Weeki's pretty good, I guess, because I was going back and forth between Weeki and CycloWiz,
but I ended up, you know, with a CycloWiz, so, you know, like I said, just be careful,
also if you don't own one yet, you're going to need a tri-wing screwdriver, so be sure
to buy one of those.
We know about Nintendo and having specially assembled stuff.
Yep, they love the tri-wing, I don't know why.
Well, the next question says, second question is a show related one.
I liked Puppy in studio last week when he actually spoke and enjoyed another perspective.
I wondered as a permanent part of the show if you guys had ever thought about having
a fourth chair with a rotating guest.
I mean, one person wouldn't always be relied on to be there and you'd always have a fresh
perspective from someone.
I just thought it was a really cool idea and figured I would pitch it over there to sit
on.
Well, we do have guests fairly regularly, but...
Okay, my mic's been totally off that whole time.
Probably been able to hear me a little bit.
Shit, where was I?
Oh, yes, I was saying, I think the door is like already kind of open for people to come
in and, you know, have that, and I think the reason why we don't add a fourth guest permanently
is it just makes the kind of, like the credits and everything that goes in the show, it just
kind of makes it too long, you know what I mean?
And plus, you know, Loki and Dark Sakura have kind of, and myself, we've made this part
of our routine.
I mean, to have somebody else give up their Sunday, I mean, that's a lot.
Every Sunday just about, I mean, give or take, obviously we weren't here last week, but give
or take every Sunday for the past six years, that's a huge commitment that not many people
can take.
So it's hard to say we want to, you know, add somebody on a very permanent basis, but
the door's always open to our guests and I remember back in the day there were some people
that it seemed like they were here every week for a while.
Yeah.
I want to say like DDR Angel was here at least every other week for a while and when he was
here, Shane was here every week, you know, just depends on what's going on that week.
It's more or less the, do I have anything else going on?
Let's go to OLR.
I've been trying to get other people to come on though, that's why I'm really hoping Dan
makes it next week because it'll be cool to kind of fuss at him, I think, inside into
my bizarre marriage, but anyway.
Love the show guys, hope Sakura is feeling better and this came from J-Rod and thank
you, I am feeling much better two weeks later.
I was feeling like crap the other week, it was not pretty and also because I have to
read it, this email is sponsored by the Olive Garden, home of the never-ending salads and
breadsticks.
Nice.
Shall I move on?
Sure.
Hello, Rob, Jamie and Loki.
Just thought I would chime in with my thoughts about the game you played last week, one versus
the chat room.
That was the week you weren't here, Jamie.
I understand that.
Just thought I'd fill that in.
Okay.
It was badass and officially my favorite game of the show.
It allows all the live listeners a chance to play and win, not just the caller.
For podcast people, it's fun too just because trivia gets you thinking.
By the way, I agree with that person who said there should be a Bimani edition.
Also three random thoughts.
One, I laughed so hard at Rama's little loop.
Fun with video, fun with video, fun with video remix.
Okay.
Two, every time you guys spot a fly in the studio, you should all give a girly squeal
on the count of three just for shits and giggles.
It hasn't been that bad lately, actually.
This one's for me.
It says you should call your mom and talk about the Wii with her on the show just because
Rob's talk with his mom a while back was hilarious.
All right.
Enough with this email.
I'll be live soon.
That's from Osprey.
Well, I would say we should call my mama, but it's a quarter to ten right now in Alabama.
Well, actually, I think my mom would be awake, but she would be winding down.
Now, let's save it for Mother's Day.
Ooh, yeah.
Let's call my mom on Mother's Day.
It'd be, hi, mom.
I'm in jail.
Wait.
I'm in Rob's garage.
Which is kind of like jail.
Only more comfy with better insulation and computers.
Even Gold Banjo in chat says I missed that one versus the chat room game.
I hope you guys do it again.
We'll come back.
The reception was very, very positive.
We will do that game again.
Next email.
With more music, of course.
Yes, with more variety of music next time.
Next email?
Yes.
Hey, OLR crew.
I just wanted to say thank you guys for keeping this show, specifically the live show, going.
Sometimes I have horrible weekends, and this show for me is a nice escape from reality
and whatever fail comes my way during the weekend.
I never have anything to do on Sunday nights, so this show helps keep me from getting bored.
I also want to give a shout out to DMN.
Great show.
Keep it up, too.
The screwiness and the chat room cage match definitely brighten up my Wednesday nights.
Even though you borderline abusively kick me, SacraMax and some other listeners, said
kicking only makes the show even better.
Dude, I'll kick you if you want.
You're in the chat room, aren't you?
Yeah.
Give me a kick.
I will in a minute.
I'm going to finish.
I'm at least going to read the email, and then I'll kick you so you can brace for it.
Okay.
Because this is GS68, by the way.
Unless you want to do the honors.
Sure, I'll kick them.
Okay.
Finally, I would just like to give a shout out to the Orange Lounge chat room for being
the best friends I've ever met.
I mean, yeah, you guys get crazy sometimes, but it's that craziness that keeps me distracted
from whatever is depressing me.
And if the depression is too big, it's nice to have an outlet for that.
Hell, even when there's no show, I lurk in the chat room just to see who's inside and
join in whatever's getting discussed.
I just want to say that you guys, and girls, are a great bunch in makeup, a good 60 to
70 percent of the fun during the live show, and that I love you all.
Aww, sweet.
Aww.
That's nice.
Violin music.
Violin music.
You guys are what set the difference between listening to this show live and listening
to it via podcast.
Here's to many more episodes of hilarious chat room moments, and then in, it says, takes
a shot of water, I guess.
I'm running out of non-alcoholic drink ideas.
Anyway, great show, O-L-R-N-D-M-N, and thank you, PoundOrangeLounge, for keeping me sane
through the Sunday and Wednesday nights.
Love, GS68.
That was a very sweet email.
You know, comments like that, and the little groupies we have in Orange Lounge, our chat
room and everything.
Just, you know, keep us going, and let us know we're not wasting our time here, that
we really are, you know, letting people have a good time on Sunday nights.
It's just about having fun.
It's awesome.
Okay.
Well, next email?
Sure.
Hi, Sky Dark Sakura, and last but definitely least, Loki.
Sorry I had to say that.
I love you too.
I live in Australia, and I don't know if you've noticed over there, but I've become very irritated
at the fact that the Japanese gaming companies such as Square Enix see fit-to-release games
like Kingdom Hearts, and a few months later think to themselves, hey, I know how we can
rip off some people and piss off foreigners, and then release something like Kingdom Hearts
Final Mix.
I don't know if they realize it, but not only are they missing out on an incredibly large
fan base, but they're leaving a great big gaping hole in plots for us.
I understand that they may be busy, but really, think of the children.
That was in bold text, by the way.
Also, I'd like to point out that I'm trying to spread the word to every online community
I'm in so that we can reach our goal with eye of judgment, or as it's more commonly
known, that piece of trash would rather burn.
Thank you all for something to keep me laughing on the bus in the morning with numerous strange
looks, and as I'm listening to the podcast on my PSP, I shall try to get on the chat
room one morning and join in on the fun.
You're sincerely one-winged angel.
All righty.
I'm glad to hear we're making the wheels on the bus go round and round.
We have more.
Okay.
But this one's actually a poem.
Oh, yay, Poetic Emails.
By Strip Majong.
I love that name.
That's great.
Okay.
This is called The Lay of OLR, or Damn It I Wish I Had Remembered to Upload Some Extra
Podcasts Last Night.
I sit and stare at my computer screen and eat my workday lunch of fine cuisine.
I browse through my podcast list, which grows thin, wondering where my OLR has been.
Is it Thursday already?
Far too long since last I heard that OLR theme song, or the classic Game of the Week segment.
No F's either.
At traffic, none vent.
I direct my browser to the website and am reminded of why I'm in this plight.
The OLR crew could not meet Sunday, for that real-life thing had to get in their way.
I sit back in my chair and give a sigh, longing for this show on which I rely, to help ease
the pain of a boring job, and yet no anger I can feel at Rob, DarkSakura, or Loki, since
these three give us so much entertainment for free.
And so to next week's show I now look toward, but for the moment, damn, I'm freaking bored.
Aww.
Well, here we are.
We're back.
Hi.
Heart, heart, heart.
And then someone wants us to put a song in rotation.
What song's that?
The Elder Scrolls IV intro song.
Guess what?
It's already there.
It's already in rotation.
It's just that you're probably not listening quite long enough to actually hear it.
So it's actually there.
But does that mean they want to hear it on the show, or do they want to hear it in the
24-hour rotation that's on the station when we're not here?
I'm thinking in the rotation, because, I mean, just suggesting a song to put in is what it
looked like.
And then the mailbox just went down, so that's the last one I'm going to read.
Well, here, I'll give you a little taste.
There you go, that's all you get.
All right, wonderful, yeah, it sounds like the Wi-Fi might be down in studio again.
It just came back.
That's the perfect time for that to happen.
All right.
And finally, the computer that broadcasts out the signal for Live 365 and all that stuff
is wired.
We actually have a ginormous wire that runs all the way out here into the garage just
for this computer so that we don't have those types of problems on here.
So anyhow, one more story for you guys, and we're going to open up the Skype line, and
that has to do with Guitar Hero 3.
Activision is going to be offering refunds for the Wii version of Guitar Hero 3, yes,
all over that whole sound issue.
Remember about how the sound was a mess, it wasn't actually the surround sound or whatever,
it was all mono sound or what have you?
Activision is offering refunds for that, so if you do not want to actually replace your
disk, you can actually replace the disk with money.
You can get a refund.
So if that's something that interests you, check Activision's site for more details.
Although, seriously, just stick with the game, the game's fine.
But I understand, some of y'all have those big sound systems and things like that you
don't want to cut back on all that.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line for your telephone calls.
The number to call us, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The phones are open now, I just turned them on.
So go ahead and give us a call, and we will talk to you.
We're going to take a couple calls tonight, not a whole lot of them, but I'm sure some
of our listeners have some things to say about things like DJ Hero, maybe the XNA, I'm really
curious to see what you guys have to say about that.
Meanwhile, while we wait for the buffer and for folks to get the phone number and call
in, do we have any last minute stories?
Yes.
Magic the Gathering is coming to PC, Mac, and Xbox Live Arcade.
So suck it, I have judgment.
Microsoft of course and Epic announce Gears of War 2 coming November 2008.
No word on the details of what's going to be in that, but of course the Unreal 3 engine
has been enhanced and all fun stuff like that.
All right, let's go to a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hello, this is RossDielUT.
Well, hello RossDielUT, what is on your mind?
Not much, not much, just a few things.
First off, yes, I was going to mention the whole EA deal.
I was incredibly relieved to hear that they rejected the EA's offer.
I think we all know that it's basically they're trying to get rid of the NBA 2K franchise
because the NBA has so far been resistant towards exclusivity talks and this is pretty
much all they have left.
I agree.
What better way to get rid of your competition than buy them out?
Yeah, but it's good to see that Take-Two realizes that sticking around and keeping their company
is going to make them more money in the long run.
They already had a hit with Bioshock, they're going to have an enormous hit with GTA 4,
and NBA 2K is doing amazingly well, so there's really no reason to jump ship just yet.
I just think EA creates such a monopoly out there in the marketplace.
We're starting to get to this point where you've got EA, Activision, Nintendo, Sega,
Namco, Konami, and there's less than ten at this point, you know what I mean?
It seems like back in the day there were a million.
It hasn't gotten that bad yet, but that is the direction we're going and it is sort of
sad because you see that happen and pretty much innovative game ideas would be impossible
under that environment.
We all saw what EA did to Origin, Bullfrog, and Westwood.
People just have to remember that they also don't have to buy Madden every single year.
The thing is, I don't think it's gamers who buy Madden, it's sports fans.
They probably don't buy anything else, which is why EA doesn't really have to try.
I think you're absolutely right.
I think that's the whole reason an Xbox 360 core edition exists is for those people.
There are people that bought an Xbox 360 for Madden and that's it, you know what I mean?
And that's it, and that's not going to be a market for third parties, and I think most
third parties realize that, because that's probably what, two million people?
That's what Madden sells, are you like one million and a half, two million every year?
I don't think the only people that buy Madden are those type of people.
It's probably a certain percentage.
Probably there's a percentage of that million that buy nothing but Madden and maybe the
other occasional sports game like the basketball game or the street or underground editions
and racing games here and there, that's it.
But yeah, that's clearly not the majority of the gaming audience and I would really
hate to see the entire industry screwed up by that.
Although I do see a silver lining, we all saw what happens when the actual talent leaves
and they rebrand.
If I remember correctly, Molyneux was part of Origin originally, if I remember correctly,
and then he went on to form Lionhead.
I think you are correct.
So I think we're going to see that eventually, especially with a lot of studios like BioWare.
They don't do a lot of sequels, they might just stick around to complete Mass Effect
and then be out, just pack up and rebrand.
You see that a lot in this industry.
That's very true, you do see a lot of guys getting up and leaving.
Especially for EA.
Anything else you want to comment on on tonight's show?
Just a personal note about the show itself.
I do enjoy the show, but I do have to say this.
I do wonder why we get so much into the mod talk, like the letter segment.
That guy was making a flimsy excuse, we all know he wants to steal Wii games.
I don't see why you guys have to serve, basically, thieves.
That always troubled me and as much as I like the show, that always sort of tugged at me
a little bit.
I think from our perspective, this show is about the gaming community and all the things
that are going on in the community, the good stuff and the stuff behind closed doors.
So whether that guy was being honest or not, I suppose we'll never know.
But I think it is important sometimes to talk about what goes on in the whole dark side
and gaming and all that stuff to see how the companies respond to that or how they don't.
For instance, I find this whole thing back and forth with Sony and the people that hacked
the PSP back and forth, I find that whole thing hilarious, honestly.
In a way, I shouldn't say hilarious, but I find it fascinating how constantly Sony patches
it and somebody breaks it.
That whole is so interesting to me.
But certainly...
I can certainly see where someone would find that interesting.
I just find it disgusting because you see the turnaround, PSP software doesn't sell
as well as it should, at least until recently.
There are good PSP games and they don't do well.
And now you see the same thing is going to start happening with the DS as the R4 gets
more popular.
Gaming community is fine, but there's no need to promote this cancer.
Well, I think at the same time, though, us not talking about it is not going to make
it go away.
Oh, it's not going to make it go away, but the last thing anyone needs to be doing is
giving tips of all things.
At that point, you might as well just offer torrents on the website.
All right.
Well, we've heard your opinion and hopefully you've heard ours, so thanks so much for the
call as always.
All right.
Have a good night, buddy.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Take care.
All right.
Thank you so much for the call, and we'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Well, anyway, we just could not end the show if we did not have an opportunity to respect our elders by paying tribute to a classic game as we do every week here on the program.
It's time for Dark Sakura to bring in her classic game of the week.
The classic game of the week is one that I'm sure a lot of people will agree with me on.
It's definitely one of the top games in the side-scrolling shooter genre, and that is none other than R-Type.
R-Type is great.
In fact, I'd have to say that R-Type is probably my favorite shooter, even though I'm not all that great at it.
This music is like the best ever. The first level music is so much my favorite in the game.
So what sets this shooter apart from other games, Dark Sakura?
This particular shooter has a very unique weapon system.
You get this item called the Force, which is, since you're watching the clip, you see that ball that's right in front of it.
You can pick up different power-ups for ones that make it grow based on different types of energy power-ups you pick up.
You have a red one that's a counter air laser. That's the one that's on right now, the blue and red sort of spiral-looking laser.
You also get a rebound laser that shoots these thin beams that bounce off the walls.
Certain weapons are better for certain stages.
You also get the counter ground laser, which is basically like a flamethrower that goes out on the ceiling and on the ground.
Which is a very, very, very good thing to have for the third boss.
Well, actually for the third level, because the entire level is the boss battle.
The other various things that you can get are these little spheres that will float above and below your ship that will shoot missiles for you.
The other cool thing about the Force attachment is that you can move it around.
By the way, the ship one is the third level. You can fire it off and have it sort of hang in mid-air, although it will try to reattach itself.
But you can have it attached to the back of your ship and fire the weapon from the back and you can have it attached to the front.
In fact, a lot of the bosses are supposed to be really hard, but they all have a trick to them.
Like the first one, there's one place where nothing will hit you and you just fire off the Force thing and it will just kill the thing for you.
One of the stages is you fight this heart of this creature and there's a place where you can nestle your ship in and fire off the Force thing by the place where the little heart of it pops up.
You don't get hit, you kill off all the tentacles and otherwise it's a really intensely long, annoying battle.
The game is so hard. I mean, I have often completely died in the first level. I am not the best R-Type player.
But I have, however, seen my husband beat this game on one credit and that is hardcore.
And on top of that, I've seen someone beat it in the arcade on an actual single quarter.
I notice our chat room is in a little bit of a Gradius versus R-Type debate. Care to comment? Is there room for both games or is one better than the other?
It's all a matter of what you prefer because Gradius is a different style of shooter, I think. Honestly, and this is again just my opinion, I think it takes a more skilled player to play through R-Type.
I really think it takes a lot more skilled and patient of a player to play R-Type.
And of course, we've had many sequels since then. We've had, if I am correct in order, after this came, we had R-Type 2 and then, God, there was some other game.
Let's see, Super R-Type came out, R-Type Leo, R-Type 3, R-Type Delta, R-Type Final and there's recently been an R-Type Tactics game which still completely boggles me.
That's coming out over here in April. R-Type Command. There's still a lot of love for R-Type out there.
But this is put out by Iron which, I'm sorry, this is still my favorite game. I actually have the versions of this, the home versions. My favorite version is the TurboGrafx one because it is probably the closest apart from playing it on PlayStation that you'll get to the arcade version.
It came out on two HuCards and a little bit of trivia is that when on the Japanese Virtual Console, you actually still have to download R-Type in both parts as opposed to one.
And they came out with an R-Type Complete or something that was a PC Engine duo combination that had the entire thing uncut.
Also, other games that were rumored to have been spawned by R-Type though were Polestar, although Polestar actually dates back to the very early 80s, but a lot of the gameplay in Polestar is a lot like R-Type.
Also, a game called Resnon that came out in 91, very similar. A Magic series core, the game called Magic Dragon that was supposed to be almost everything exactly like R-Type with redone sprites.
We haven't seen that before in Super Mario 2. Also, for the game Turrican 2, you actually can see the force in a hangar and the third level of that game is based on R-Type.
And another game, and this is actually, I almost picked this as my classic game, but it's a little on the obscure side. It's a game called, if I'm pronouncing it right, Zexes, which is just spelled X-E-X-E-X.
And we got it in America as Orius, it's a Konami game. And it's also that same type of shooter game. So, very, very classic. Very good game.
Alright. I have my love for Gradius, especially Gradius 2, don't get me wrong, but R-Type.
There you have it. Your classic game of the week is R-Type, which you can check out a version of that on the Virtual Console if you are so inclined.
And I believe that's available in all the different regions.
I do believe so. Just remember, if you are in Japan, you have to pay for two of them.
Alright. Well, anyhow, that's going to wrap it up for tonight's short show, although it wasn't much of a short show. We've been here for over two hours, so it's almost like just doing one long show with no break.
So, you can't say you got ripped off this week, but I am definitely spent. I am done. I'm ready to go rest.
So, we're going to wrap it up and go around and give everybody's final thought. Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'm going home and hopefully going to be able to play some Lost Odyssey since everything tonight's reruns, except for the Food Network. They have new stuff on there.
My final thought is medication. Menthol. Cough drops. Hooray. Dark soccer, your final thought?
Let's have tea will kill me if I don't say it, so reject false icons.
There you have it. Thank you guys so much for tuning into and downloading and supporting independent podcasting.
It's your guys' support that keeps us going. Thank you guys so much week after week for your support.
And that's all there is until next week. I'm Rob. She's Jamie. He's Loki. We'll see you then.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
