Today, February 10th, 2008, Xbox HD DVD gets a price cut, old favorites are revealed for
Street Fighter IV, and is an Oscar-nominated movie soon becoming a video game?
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Not joining us tonight, sadly, is the one and only Dark Sakura, also known as Jamie
Summers.
She is unfortunately out with sickness.
She's been having, you know, just the sickness, the plague and stuff, so she can't be here
tonight because she's worried she's contagious and doesn't want to give it to us.
So of course we understand, and we're kind of thankful that she's not here to spread
it to us.
But she will be back next week.
Meanwhile, we do have the one and only Loki, tech master, one and only.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Good.
Good.
Eating a sandwich.
But the problem is Subway was out of white bread, and I had wheat, and wheat tasted like
corn.
Oh, no.
Subway was out of something?
Wheat tastes like cardboard.
It's not that bad.
Bread is bread.
Yeah, but it's not even really wheat bread.
It's like they took white bread and kind of dyed it brown.
Well, it is Subway.
I wouldn't expect huge differences.
Does your cat scratch you or something?
I see big old claw marks.
Yes, that's my cat.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Well, that's because once she gets up in her tube sometimes, she starts to freak out, but
she's playing and stuff, so what do I try to do?
I try poking at her all the time.
I try petting her on her head, but then she just grabs her claws and she kind of catches
me sometimes.
Gotcha.
And she did.
It looks a lot more painful than it actually was.
All right, well, also joining us tonight, you might have heard his voice there just
a minute ago, it's Puppy, also known as Black Lab, or Ryan, depending on whatever we want
to call him.
How are you, Puppy?
I am tired.
Tired?
I had some insomnia this week, and kind of capped it off with getting woken up at 2.30
in the morning last night by gunfire.
Oh, fun!
Sorry to hear about the gunfire.
Were your neighbors fighting or something?
I don't know, it was probably something in the mall parking lot.
Okay, I gotcha.
Interesting.
You know, it's been just a crazy week in everybody's neighborhood.
There was gunfire in your neighborhood, and the house across the street from the studio
here burned down a couple days ago.
On the outside, it makes Rob's house much easier to find to get here.
That's unfortunate for those that affected.
I didn't even notice it, because that house was so run down to begin with, it's like,
really?
It burned down?
Couldn't tell.
All right, well, anyhow, let's not talk about neighborhood drama, let's talk about our gaming
weeks.
We'll start it off with how was your gaming week, and we'll go ahead and start off with
Loki tonight.
How was your gaming week?
First off, I'd like to say I have brought back the Ever360, it is back to life again.
Hooray!
The trick was I needed more heat.
I didn't stop until I got to about 850 degrees to 1,000 degrees, and sure enough, that worked!
So now I have six working 360s, hooray!
You're just loaded, aren't you?
And then, let's see, I played this week more Smash Bros. Brawl, and that's pretty awesome.
I actually got to dive in a little bit to the subspace emissary mode, and it's pretty
fun.
They have some really crazy-looking enemies in the game, just some weird stuff, but it's
pretty cool.
And then I've unlocked Rob the Robot, we went through the challenge, but I actually took
off work half a day to go visit one of my customers who really wanted to play the game,
so I took it down there and we played it for five hours.
He went through all the...
It didn't get old after five hours.
No, no, I didn't play it for the full five hours, I just kind of watched him for a little
bit, but we played through the challenges and trying to unlock some of that stuff, and
doing two-player co-op in the subspace emissary stuff.
But I don't know, the challenges weren't that hard, because we actually figured out what
to do without reading, obviously, because it's all in Japanese, but I don't know.
It's pretty cool.
I think, though, if I play through the entire subspace emissary stuff and then finish all
the other crap, I might get bored with the game a little bit.
So I actually need to play some people.
Other than Smash Brothers, I also played Silent Hill Origins, actually, on the PSP.
I went back to try that again.
And pretty cool.
I actually am looking forward to it coming out on PlayStation 2, because I just don't
like being tethered to my TV with a little cable, so it might be a little bit better
if I have a little bit more room to play.
And then, I also played a lot of Burnout Paradise, still trying to knock people off of the leaderboards
for the Showtime rankings.
I love how listeners will add us on Xbox Live, because they enjoy the show and so on, they
just kind of want to play a game with us occasionally, or what have you, whereas Loki makes it his
mission to dominate our listeners in whatever game he's playing.
He's like, oh no, I can't get beat by no listener.
I've got to control the Burnout map.
Right now I have about 26 of the roads, so I still have a ways to go.
But let's see, other than that, I played a little bit more DotStream on the Game Boy
Advance.
Pretty fun.
And I think that's pretty much it.
Oh, I tried playing Crysis again.
I actually uninstalled Crysis, reinstalled Crysis, tried to get that last level to fucking
work again, and sure enough, it does not work.
Still, I can't pass that last level in the game because it glitches out, and it stops
working.
So, I am sick of Crysis, although I did load up the physics little custom map that someone
made to play the physics of the game.
They actually released a new version of the map last week, and that was fun, because you
can slingshot barrels and the people and stuff, and catapult things, and you gotta love that.
But other than that, though, I fucking hate the last level of Crysis.
Did they not test it at all?
I mean, it's just really broken, which is bad, because the rest of the game is pretty
cool, but it's just that last level, right as you're about to finish the game and kind
of get the payoff for playing through the entire thing.
Oh no, you can't do that.
That would be too easy.
So I don't know.
I know you check out a lot of the new Xbox games that come out.
Did you check out Poker Smash this week?
Nope.
No.
I like a NYR fan in our chatroom, his description.
Of course, I haven't introduced the chat yet, but it's chat.orangelandradio.com.
We tape live on Sunday nights at our website, orangelandradio.com.
So remember, you are listening to live radio.
It's NYR fan, and chatroom says, Poker Smash is like Planet Puzzle League, but you make
poker hands.
That's kind of true.
Did you play Puppy?
Any Poker Smash?
No, it never really got any interest from me.
I thought it was going to be kind of lame, but it's actually kind of a unique sort of
puzzler.
I guess that's a good description of it.
It's like Planet Puzzle League, but the whole poker element kind of makes you think on two
different levels, which is very scary.
And I got thrown off by the colors when I first started playing, but then I realized
that the colors were just another way of designating the pink ones or queens, the yellow ones or
tens and so on.
But you still have to consider the suits of what you're dropping, so I know it makes it
sound really complicated, but it's easy to get easy combos, but it's much harder to get
the more difficult combos, if that makes sense.
I was kind of surprised.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Puppy, how was your gaming week?
Most of my week has been involved with Call of Duty 4 since I finally got a hold of it.
Even though I rented it through Gamefly, I'm probably going to end up keeping it anyways,
because I found that it's much better than Halo 3.
Even with the updates that Halo 3 finally added and are going to add in the near future,
I still will be playing Call of Duty 4 instead.
That's a pretty bold statement, that it's better than Halo 3.
I actually found it much more enjoyable than Halo, just because there's a lot more reality
to it, as opposed to, oh, armored space guys punching each other in a grossly malformed
way.
And then, other than Call of Duty 4, I sadly have fallen back into my puzzle pirate habit.
Sucker.
Yeah.
Well, how has Puzzle Pirates changed?
Because you were last addicted to the game, what, about two years ago?
Yeah, well, I stopped playing it about a year ago, because I didn't have the time to anymore.
And then, apparently a lot of stuff changed in that year.
They brought back, they brought a bunch of new puzzle games in, and added some new player
versus environment stuff, and it's getting popular, and I just found out, they just made
an announcement that they're selling game cards at Target now, so they must be making
it big or something.
Nice.
I'm noticing with the facial hair that you're starting to sprout here, you're starting to
look like a pirate a little bit.
This was much longer earlier this week, though.
I see.
But, yes, I could just throw on an eyepatch for a party.
It's great radio, too, to talk about Puppy's look.
Yeah, because I mean, even-
He's got a little facial growth that makes him look like a pirate.
I don't know if they can see it on Justin.TV, because you're blonde.
I could probably, well, yeah, I could probably stand right in front of the camera and they
wouldn't see it.
Yeah, why don't you go give them a nice close-up when you're done, then?
Yeah.
Go give them a nice close-up of your mug there.
Give them a nice little mug shot there, you know, side view.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else for your gaming week you want to share?
Um, uh, rez, uh, various board games, and-
Isn't rez incredible?
Of course it is.
I love rez.
I really wish that I had a high-def TV to play it on.
Oh.
I do, and it's sexy.
I hate to rub it in, but yeah, yeah, you really do want one.
You need to have surround sound, too, when you're playing it.
That's true.
I seriously almost dug up my old surround sound system that's kind of crappy.
It's actually hooked up here in the garage.
I almost brought that into the house just to play rez HD with, but I'm going to get
a new sound system when I get my tax refund.
Yeah, I thought about getting a better TV with my tax refund, but I've got other stuff
that I need to pay for first.
Gotcha.
All right.
Now go supermodel for the camera.
I'll talk about my gaming week.
First, I want to mention in chat room, because this didn't come up earlier, Tiger Claw says,
Sky, I just realized, OLR is competing against the Grammys.
Who cares?
Seriously.
I mean, the Grammys, I don't know.
I find them to be incredibly irrelevant, and I think, like, did you see that article on
Digg earlier this week about the biggest Grammy snubs of all time?
It's pretty interesting.
It shows how, like, there's all these big name artists that always get snubbed by the
Grammys when there's people that were more deserving.
Well, whatever.
Forget it.
And I brought up tax refunds earlier.
I'm curious in our chat room, those that are getting tax refunds, if there's anything in
gaming that you're contemplating spending your tax refund on.
So let us know in our chat room, chat.orangewormsrated.com.
I'll read those in just a little bit.
But first, my gaming week, mostly spent, besides Poker Smash, playing a couple different games.
World of Warcraft, of course.
I know I talk about that a lot here on the program, but it has been a lot of my gaming
week recently.
And it really went to the next level this week.
I don't know how many hardcore WoW addicts we have that listen to the game.
But tonight, or I'm sorry, yesterday marked our first 10-man raid into Karazhan, which
is...
Oh, you're just moving on.
I know.
It's weird.
Like, I've never done endgame content in an MMO before, because Final Fantasy XI, oh my
God.
I mean, it just takes forever to get there, and WoW it does, too.
But I don't know, I guess more people I know play WoW for whatever reason.
So we finally got to the endgame content in that game, and it's something else.
It's just a whole other challenge.
Enjoy it while you can, because...
When Wrath of the Lich King comes out, then all that stuff gets antiquated, I know.
Oh, of course.
So, and we only have 10 people in our guild that can even do it.
So I notice it's tough to really arrange the times to go in there, but we did an awesome
job for anybody that does know WoW.
We killed Attuneman, we killed Moros, and we killed Maiden today.
So in our first weekend, we killed three of the bosses in Karazhan, which is pretty awesome,
and apparently is...
You know, I'm sure there's lots of people out there that go, whoa, my guild killed four
bosses, so fuck you.
Fuck you.
My guild clearly all in one night.
For us, when we were mostly casual players, it was pretty awesome.
So good times.
Just wait until you try to move on to 25-man content, and you've got three different groups
going to Karazhan at once, and they're like, oh, we don't want to split up, we don't want
to go all together, and then you'll end up breaking apart, and...
Oh, no.
Drama, drama, drama.
No, we don't want drama.
We're all...
Most of us actually live here in the area, in our guild-less form, mostly from real-life
people.
Like, my boyfriend is in the guild, and Irene is in the guild, but she's not level 70 yet.
Some of the other people you've heard on this show are in the guild, and yeah, good times.
So we're finally doing that stuff.
Let's see.
Looking at chat room, seeing what folks are saying they're gonna spend their tax refunds
on here.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, my tax rebate is going towards an HD camera.
GS191 says, I'll probably spend my welfare, I mean, stimulus package check on a new PC.
That's right.
Yeah.
After that thing was passed.
I'm already spending that on a new computer, because I need something at home that doesn't...
That can run AutoCAD.
Nice.
All right.
Oh, DMN's gonna use his refund to come visit the show.
He's coming back to Sacramento.
Scary.
Oh, boy.
We'll use that refund to move.
Hide the pets and the children.
All right.
No, just kidding.
Also, okay, there's other games I've been playing besides MMO.
I also picked up a game on the Xbox 360.
I can't remember if I've talked about this previously on the show, but it's a game called
Cold Step Saga, and it's the sequel to a PlayStation 2 game that was simply called Cold Stepped,
and I think I did mention this once on the show.
I love this description of the game I've read on the internet.
It's Magic the Gathering meets Monopoly.
I think that's the best way to describe the game.
You basically have a deck of cards, and you can customize them, and you move around this
board, and you lay down your creatures, and basically laying down a creature is kind of
like owning property in Monopoly, and you can level up the square, which is like buying
houses or a hotel, and you make your creatures more powerful, but when an opponent lands
on your square, it's not that they just have to pay rent.
They can choose to battle your creature with one from their hand, and then there's all
these enhancements cards that'll increase your strength, your defense.
So it's kind of a game where you really have to think before you play, and it's a lot of
fun.
I think it's a very unique concept.
It's kind of interesting to see it on the Xbox 360.
For me, they didn't really change a lot from the first game, and the animations are not
really anything to jump and scream about in this new age of gaming or whatever you want
to call it with the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
You look at the Eye of Judgment, and there's very intricate battles that happen.
For all the shit we give that game on this show, the battles look kind of cool when the
cards do battle.
Here in Coldsept, it's like, you know, if a monster attacks with the claws, you see
big claw marks go across the cards.
So it's basically like Pokemon, just in high definition.
Well, like, literally the cards do battle.
It's kind of amusing.
And there's incredible Engrish in the game.
I think one of the lines is something like, I had to escape the poverty, or something
I don't remember, like very literal translations in some of the cutscenes, but it's cool.
I mean, for me, I think this game is mostly a second chance for people who missed it on
the PlayStation 2, because it's not a full-price Xbox game.
It's like that middle tier.
It's $39.99, so it's not quite as much as you pay for a brand new Xbox 360 game.
It's a pretty good deal.
I actually didn't own Coldsept on PlayStation 2.
One of my friends a couple years ago did.
That's how I got exposed to it the first time.
We spent a lot of nights just playing Coldsept.
By the way, just like in Magic, as you go through and battle monsters, you get to keep
some of their cards and build them into your deck.
So it's a pretty intricate game, and of course the Xbox One also has the new Xbox Live mode.
Yes, and apparently poor ol' Jeevan finally got his Xbox 360, and that's one of the games
he's been playing all the time now, after he got rezzed, of course.
Looking at Portal Combat in our chatroom says, Coldsept is the only game you can play while
reading Entertainment Weekly.
I don't think the game's that boring.
I mean, it's not a fast-paced game.
You read Entertainment Weekly.
I know.
What the hell's wrong with you?
You read Entertainment Weekly?
Oh, I'm kidding.
All right.
That's it for my Gaming Week.
Anything else anyone wants to share with their Gaming Week?
There's people out there that actually paint cats.
I'm sorry.
What does that have to do with games?
Anything?
That's creepy.
What do you do during this program?
Do we pay you to surf the internet?
Yes.
Yeah, we don't pay you at all.
Tonight's housekeeping, obviously, there's no Jamie here tonight.
Sadness.
We're going to try to give her a call a little later in the show so she can participate in
one of her regular segments, but the good news is tonight we have a brand new game.
We've never played on the show before.
It's something brand new.
Here's the cool thing.
You might remember last week we had a copy of Res HD that we were unable to give away
on the show because the person who won it didn't have an Xbox 360, whatever, didn't
want it.
It's back in the prize pool tonight.
Tonight, everybody that is in our chat room at chat.orangehontraded.com and listening
to the show has a chance to win.
Everybody can play this game tonight.
That's the cool thing about it.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I'll be coming up in Part B, so stick around and make sure you're in our chat room.
Other than that, just the usual plugs for us on MySpace at Orange Honch Radio, our live
journal at Orange Lounge, we have a Facebook community called the OL Army, so search us
out there.
Help us spread the word about independent radio and independent podcasting, and that's
it.
Now, Loki, do you think you can take some time away from Painted Cats to read us some
news stories?
I think I can.
We've had this for a while now, the Xbox 360 arcade model, the one replacing the core.
Well, now Japan's going to get a chance to have it as well.
They're going to get theirs March 6th, and of course, the arcade system is the one that
features no hard drive, but it has a memory unit, as well as five Xbox Live arcade games.
It's going to actually cost 27,800 yen, which is about $20 less than what we paid for it
in the United States.
Hopefully, that will help drive more Xbox 360 sales, because right now they're hurting.
But this is the one that doesn't have a hard drive, right?
No, it doesn't have a hard drive.
I would think all the games that people are interested in playing in Japan probably require
that hard drive.
Probably.
I mean, like Blue Dragon.
Well, I guess Blue Dragon doesn't require a hard drive.
It's just, you know, for game saves and stuff, it's got to, you know, have a game.
Lost Odyssey.
I'm trying to think of the more Japanese-centered game.
Well, I don't think Lost Odyssey requires a hard drive.
I guess not, or Devil Might Cry.
I guess none of those games do.
No, that's just PlayStation 3.
They require the hard drive for that.
All right.
I don't know.
I guess that's true.
I keep thinking Final Fantasy XI as well, which is really probably the first Japan-centric
game that I can think of, anyway, to come out on the Xbox 360 on both shores, even though
it was an already existing game, so it wasn't that hard to get out here, I'm sure.
They've tried all sorts of bundles, though, in Japan, and so far hasn't really helped.
I mean, they've only sold, like, what, a quarter-million yen last year, so...
Pika Uno in our chat room actually lives in Japan and is quick to point out some of the
facts.
The Blue Dragon bundle that they actually sold over there was a core pack.
He says all bundle packs in Japan are cores, so...
Which is kind of ironic, because it was the original core that didn't even have a memory
unit or anything, so it's like, oh, Blue Dragon, oh, but you gotta buy a memory unit.
Oh, darn.
Oh, hey, it's just like the PS2 was.
Oh, hey, look, I want to play a game.
Oh, wait, I can't save unless I buy a card.
Dope.
RossdielUT in chat says, if a series of top-notch Japanese games don't do it, this won't.
I guess that's, you know, there's a lot of good stuff coming out that's kind of, you
would think, appeals, and you really have to generalize to say a lot of this, too, really
appeals to the Japanese audience, you know, like Lost Odyssey, but I hear that game didn't
do so well over there.
It didn't get very good reviews over there, but, you know, I don't know if...
When I was at GameStop getting cult-stepped, the guy who was actually thinking of buying
cult-stepped, actually, he was holding it up when I walked up to the counter reading
the back of the box, and I told him that was the game I wanted, but he told me he was excited
about Lost Odyssey, as well, so there is a little bit of a bug going on.
I am excited about Lost Odyssey, although I have low expectations for it.
I only see it as probably going to be slightly better than Enchanted Arms.
Well, we will see.
Meanwhile, also in Xbox 360 news, there are some new classic video games making their
way to the Xbox Live Classic downloads very soon.
I think there might be some type of tie-in.
I think the Pirates and Ninjas dodgeball game must be coming out soon, because some of the
games that have been announced to the Xbox originals, Pirates, as well as Ninja Gaiden,
so more Ninjas and Pirates jokes abound, but also another Xbox classic, Black, and I know
a lot of people are really into this game.
Black is also coming out for the Xbox originals.
Black for Black History Month.
I don't know about that.
I am just trying to find you.
You are trying to be funny and failing miserably.
I am not trying to be funny.
That was a little...
I don't know.
Somebody might think that...
Wouldn't that be weird if they did try to tie it in that way?
Would that be more insulting to the game or to Black History?
Black History.
Are you saying the game was not that great?
It was good, but it has nothing to do with Black History Month.
All right.
It would just be like, huh, Black, huh.
I don't know.
I am just trying...
Just being your normal crazy self.
I am just trying to figure it out.
Always controversial, Loki.
I don't know what I am talking about.
So we are getting some download content for Mass Effect coming March 10th.
It's a brand new, I don't know, set of missions called Bring Down the Sky.
It has actually a brand new race that they are introducing as well in there, and I guess
they are calling it the Batarians.
The Batarians.
Yeah.
Batarians.
Batarians.
Whatever.
They look like an ant.
I mean, sort of.
They've got like a bunch of eyes and a weird little bat nose.
Actually they look like a quasi-bat ant thing, I don't know, whatever.
So you'll be able to, you know, go to the colony and actually be able to save them and
stuff.
Yeah.
Gigantic space bats, I guess that's what they are saying.
It's only going to be 400 Microsoft points or $5, so that's not bad, and it's going to
add about 90 minutes to the game, and also there's going to be 50 achievement points
you can earn from it as well.
One thing, though, I remember reading about this, though, is it's midway through the game,
so if you have a save that's kind of towards the end of the game, you might already have
passed the ability to play this so you have to start a new game, which kind of blows,
but if you had just one save file to begin with, you're already failing at RPG.
RastioUT in our chat room makes a good comment, he says he will wait for the special edition
of the game with all the download content included, since we all know it's coming.
But for how long?
We don't know how much DLC is coming for Mass Effect.
In other words, it could be two years until that edition is released, right?
It'll probably be a year, because that's what they've done with some of the other ones,
although I haven't really noticed Microsoft games doing that, where they come out with
content, because you didn't see Perfect Dark come out with another Perfect Dark Zero or
something like that.
But there have been others.
PCN, Marvel, there's a few.
Marvel and Call of Duty, that's all Activision, so they tend to do that, but Microsoft does
not.
Would that be Bioware's decision?
Yeah, it would be their decision.
I would just say, buy it.
If you're really desperate for download content, otherwise save that $5 for a new game, huh?
That's what I'm saying.
Put that $5 down towards ResHD.
Exactly.
Do you want to spend $5 on 90 minutes of entertainment, or do you want to spend $5 on an Xbox Live
Arcade game?
That could end up being a lot more fun, or at least, I don't know, not many Xbox Live
Arcade games that are 400 Microsoft points, but still, it'd be a lot more fun than 90
minutes.
I'd spend it on food.
Well, you could also put that $5 towards a brand new Xbox 360 HD DVD player, and you
know what, thanks to this recent news, that $5 gets you one-twenty-sixth of the way there.
For you math whizzes, that means the HD DVD player is now costing $130, so the HD DVD
player has been dropped to $130 in the US and Canada.
Actually, it was even cheaper if you looked on Amazon a couple days ago.
Amazon was running an $80 deal for a little while, probably trying to clean out their
inventory in recent HD DVD versus Blu-ray news not looking good for HD DVD, and I'm
sure this is just another fallout of that.
If you can't beat the news, you've got to drop the price, right?
This is how they're going to make this look that much more attractive.
So of course, as you all know, HD DVDs have been kicked, punched, and everything this
year thanks to all the Blu-ray news, so this is certainly a welcome kick in the pants for
HD DVD owners, hopefully to drive some more sales and therefore more software.
I own an HD DVD player, I have for quite a while, and I kind of think it's over and I'm
kind of sad.
I think I bought the wrong one this time.
I wanted one just for Matrix, but I'll wait.
Well, if inevitably Blu-ray wins in a year or so, and I don't mean these preemptive Blu-ray
wins.
Blu-ray wins when HD DVD folds, you know what I mean?
If that happens in a year or whatever, then Matrix will come out on Blu-ray.
You know it will.
Oh, it will.
Of course.
Then the Star Wars movies will all come out too.
Everything, just like in DVD.
I mean, just, I think we're at a point where like everything is out on DVD, right?
Is there any movies, like big, big movies, maybe Chad's going to have to help me here.
Any big, big movies that are not out on DVD at this point?
I mean, I was reading some article earlier this week that one of the companies, I don't
know if it's Universal or what, has sold their entire back catalog to some company to make
custom DVDs.
So in other words, if you want a movie made at any point in time by, I want to say it
was Universal, this company will make a DVD for you, even if it's some obscure ass movie
from the 60s that didn't do very well.
Rad is a non-DVD.
What is it?
Rad.
Rad?
Rad was awesome.
What is Rad?
Rad is a BMX bike movie.
It's one of those, you know, fight for the underdogs thing.
They had an entire sequence where they did a musical dance number using BMX bikes at
a school prom or homecoming or something like that.
It was awesome.
Is Cop Rock out on DVD?
I don't know.
That needs to be out on DVD.
That was a TV show.
But Rad and Gleaming the Cube is another one that was pretty cool.
Oh, I gotta love the 80s movies.
Gleaming the Cube, I remember.
Gotta love the 80s movies.
You know how I know Gleaming the Cube?
Because there's a trailer for it on Pump Up the Volume.
That's how I know that.
Which as an independent radio person, you know that's one of my favorite movies ever,
is Pump Up the Volume.
But anyway, that's for another time.
Monster Squad, Rad, and Gleaming the Cube.
Do yourself a favor, watch them.
I know they were really cool back in the 80s and they're not so cool now, but hey, it's
nostalgia.
Hey, Josie16's got a good point.
The Wizard?
Is The Wizard out on DVD?
Yes, it is.
I think I've seen it.
I think they did finally come out.
They were released in August or something.
It took them a while.
It took them a while, but it finally did.
I don't own it.
I need to put that on my birthday wish list.
Hey, wait until High Def.
High Def Wizardry.
That's true.
High Def Super Mario 3 or whatever that is.
Remember the lame announcer?
Yes, I want to be able to have, you know, He Touched My Breaths in 7.1.
Moving on.
So another game getting some download content, Project Gotham Racing 4.
It's going to bring some brand new cars as well as some new modes and of course, more
achievements.
Of the downloads, they're going to have one that's free.
It's called the Free Challenge Pack.
It has a playable hydrogen-powered pergo-flux car, I guess, tourist mode where you just
drive around the city and admire the scenery with no goal whatsoever, and free roam cat
and mouse mode.
See, the free roam stuff is pretty cool.
They're taking a little page from Burnout Paradise and of course, seven unlockable achievements.
The Premium Challenge Pack, which is going to be $5 or 400 Microsoft points, includes
700 new cars including the 1987 BMW M3 E30 DTM and the World Challenge Arcade mode with
20 new events in three themed chapters and three more unlockable achievements.
And these will be available on Valentine's Day.
Because nothing says love like a downloadable hydrogen car.
Hey, that's the love for the environment, okay?
Maybe if, you know, ladies want to get something for their husbands, not to be stereotypical,
I'm sure there's a lot of girl Project Awesomeers out there.
I got you this free download content.
Oh, thanks.
Thank you.
If Nellie bought you the content, you'd be happy, wouldn't you?
No, I wouldn't.
I'd be like...
You're a bad husband.
All right, she wouldn't touch the 360.
She doesn't know how to do that stuff.
She can't even figure out how to play a DVD on there.
All right, let's see, also, I want to go back and read some comments from chat.
I forgot about this DVD release.
This is a big DVD release that came out this week.
A NYR fan says, I saw the King of Kong the other day.
Yeah.
Did you see King of Kong yet?
Did you get that DVD?
Nope.
But they made me buy Donkey Kong for a week because they were going to do this big King
of Kong contest thing.
Never fucking paid me for it.
And then they ended up not doing it.
So we decided not to do it.
I'm like, where's my five bucks?
Sorry about that.
I'm like, thanks, bastards.
Nice.
Let's see.
Oh, joshi16 in chat says, about the wizard coming out in high def someday, so much batter
in HD.
Exactly.
That's what they should call it, the it's so batter edition.
Oh my God, it needs to be in 3D.
That'd be awesome.
Hey, you know they're doing that with a lot of old Disney movies, at least, are coming
back out in 3D.
Toy Story, all those are going to come out in 3D.
Toy Story is easy because they just have to render it with two camera angles.
That's simple stuff.
Sorry.
Child's Play.
In fact, Loki's going to go home and make Toy Story 3D for all of you.
I'll make a sequel, I can crap it out in a sec.
Let's see, moving on.
Something else that's going to be making its way to Xbox very soon.
Now this, here you go.
Here's a movie that needs to be in HD.
I don't think this is out in HD yet.
Tron.
That'd be cool.
Tron is winner.
Of course.
Tron, of course, the original Tron, that game is already out on the Xbox Live Marketplace,
but we all knew this game was coming, Disks of Tron.
That's right, the other Tron arcade game.
That is going to be coming out on Xbox Live and it makes its way when?
Why this week.
February 13th is the big day for Disks of Tron.
Now how would you feel if Nellie got you Disks of Tron for Valentine's Day?
That would be much cooler.
I fucking hate Disks of Tron.
What?
I don't like the Tron games, I'm sorry.
Disks of Tron is awesome.
Disks of Tron was, I'm trying to think of a game that it was very much like.
It's kind of like, it's really just an over glorified pong.
And if you've seen the movie, you remember that disc thing they would play, they did
that little dance and they'd throw the disc in the air and it would bounce off the wall
or whatever and hit the platform and make part of it disappear.
And ultimately you're trying to make your opponent disappear.
It's like that, but a real game.
They should have that at Disneyland, like actual Disks of Tron, wouldn't that be cool?
They could do it with some sort of motion capture stuff where you're in black lights,
one person's on the other side and you make the motion like you're throwing a disc and
it makes the image of a disc go, I mean, that'd be kind of cool.
Good times.
They could do it.
I don't know.
They just need to make sure the platform actually falls off from underneath you.
And then you fall to your untimely death at the bottom of Pirates of the Caribbean.
And then you become a slave at Disneyland.
The end.
No, it could be like that, you remember that game show they had on Game Show Network?
Nick Arcade.
No, no, no.
Russian Roulette.
Oh, I remember that.
On the Game Show Network where they have that show.
Directed by Mark L. Wahlberg, which is like, how do you describe Mark L. Wahlberg?
He's the total, like, just, what's a word to describe him?
You know, he hosts that Moment of Truth show now, douche.
Like if you ever need like a total asshole to host your game show, like, Mark L. Wahlberg's
the guy to call.
And so he was awesome on, and I mean that as a compliment.
So he hosted Russian Roulette and you would pull, and I know we have an international
audience, so maybe not everybody has heard of this show, although they probably stole
it from another country.
You would, basically, you know, as people missed questions, lights would light up on
the ground, including one that you were standing under, and you had to pull the lever and spin
the lights, and if the light landed on you, then the floor would open and you fell.
Now obviously in the game show you just fell a few feet onto some padding.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wish.
We'd like to believe that.
How awesome would that be?
In my mind, they fell through wood chipper, but that's, you know.
Alright.
You win $100!
Oh, I want the money!
Yeah, fuck you!
You're going through the floor!
I'm keeping the $100!
Sorry to get off track here.
Grand Theft Auto IV!
The website's actually been relaunched for the game, including some new video footage
that they have of it.
One is a mock commercial for a wireless communications company, including where they say that there's
no drop calls and they have reliable handsets, where the guy throws a handset at someone's
head and stuff.
It's pretty fun.
Also, if you want, there is a Lovemeat.net quiz, which is going to be the fictional kind
of eHarmony or whatever website that's going to be in the game for dating people.
You can take your quiz and figure out what personality type you have.
I know we did this at work and we came up with pervert, so that was kind of funny.
And I'm assuming they're going to be adding some more content to the website as the weeks
go along.
We're coming up on the April 29th date, which is when the game comes out.
Can't wait!
Some other stuff has come out about it as well.
Some leaked information, apparently, about the multiplayer details, including some of
the deathmatches that they have planned, co-op, team-based head-to-head battles, online races.
They had some names for them as well, Cops & Crooks, Bomb the Base, and Hangman's Noose.
The site that was running Destructoid was actually going to have a list of the achievements
as well until Rockstar said, uh-uh, don't put those up there.
So they wouldn't be threatened by lawyers, they decided not to put the content up there
and kind of retracted their original articles.
I'm glad a large, well-established, respectable website like Destructoid will also run away
with their tail behind their legs when threatened.
And yes, I'm referring to a year-old drama, but face it, that's a history of this show
that will never be let down.
Sorry to interrupt, I just had to work that in there.
And I think also to their defense, you probably wouldn't want to put that stuff up anyway
because it would spoil a lot of the game.
They basically said, hey, in respect for this game coming out in a few months here, just
not put this up yet because that will spoil a lot of the story for the game.
You don't want to spoil a game like this, it's going to be awesome.
Oh, there's also some minigames you can play in it as well.
Some of them, they mentioned Darts, you'll be able to play Pool, and some other game.
I don't know.
You know what though, here's the thing, if they got that list of achievements from a
press copy of the game or something, then I'd say they have no right to post them up
on the internet.
But if they're extracting them from the Xbox.com website or whatever because one of the Rockstar
employees went on with this copy of the game or something, I don't know.
I'm sure that's what's happened before with some other games.
I'm sure this stuff would be on PartnerNet or something like that.
Right.
I would say if it's out there on the public internet, it's free information put up.
No, this is from an insider that works at Rockstar or something else on the internet.
Yeah, can't do that.
If it's public information, they have nowhere to complain, but if it's an actual leak like
this, then yeah, they kind of have the right to take it down.
DMN is anticipating there will be a 15 gamer score achievement called Bitch Better Have
My Money.
Who knows.
DMN also predicts a 30 gamer score for Luke Warm Coffee.
I hope there is an achievement that pokes fun at hot coffee, there really, really should
be.
Like there should be an achievement like hot coffee, and it's actually you go buy coffee.
You actually do buy hot coffee.
Coffee from here.
You blow up a Starbucks or whatever they call it in Grand Theft Auto, a little parody name
or something.
That'd be funny.
Very cool.
Well, I know you must be looking forward to the multiplayer in this game.
Oh, fuck yeah.
We're going to own the world in this game.
I'm telling you, we...
Is this something you're looking forward to dominating the listeners on your season?
Oh, yeah.
I'm telling you, because we at work, we've been playing Grand Theft Auto, at least on
the PSP and multiplayer, for two years now, and now we've switched to Saints Row to kind
of bring ourselves up to speed on, you know, 360 multiplayer games and stuff, like Grand
Theft Auto.
But as soon as Grand Theft Auto comes out, man, we're playing this twice a day for fifteen
minutes each, and we're getting live in our work here pretty soon, so...
How much do you think you can kill in fifteen minutes?
I can kill quite a few people.
Usually in like Saints Row, I can rack up a score of twenty or more if we're playing
just rockets.
It's just all out, we usually end up being around, you know, ten to fifteen kills, but
if we do teams, like six man teams, oh man, we're going to own everybody, seriously, because
we have so much experience in this game, and we'll learn all the little nuances, it's just
not even going to be fun.
But you know, I don't think anyone's actually going to want to play online during our breaks.
I'll force them to, though.
I will be up to that challenge.
Well, I don't know how y'all feel about this, but I don't know.
As cool as Grand Theft Auto is, it's not really my kind of game, but this is one I could definitely
play a lot of online, it's Street Fighter IV.
And this is going to be a fun one, I bet to play online pretty soon, although it's really
no replacement for the arcade, and I think we all need to remember that, because sadly
arcades are dying and they're turning into ticket-spitting machine heaven.
But you know, Street Fighter IV, like it or not, it will be online, and what makes it
very cool is that, in a way, you're going to get to relive the past, because it was
announced this week that all the old Street Fighter II characters are coming back in Street
Fighter IV.
So it's not just Ryu, it's not just Ken, it's not just Chun-Li, as they originally said,
but you're also getting Guile, Blanca, Zangief, Dalsium, E. Honda, they're all back, the original
eight fighters in Street Fighter IV, and there's some scans from Famitsu Magazine that actually
show them in their new art style, and it's pretty rad.
And then there's even some more stuff with Crimson Viper, so it's not just the original
eight are going to be in Street Fighter IV, there's more, the family's growing.
Someone did post the achievement list, I guess, on Destructoid.
Oh wow, so uh, well then I retracted everything I said.
They have an achievement for demolishing 20 buildings using only your rocket launcher?
Wait, how do you know it's legit?
That's my next question.
That's someone's blog, I guess.
Okay, well I could be, so take with a grain of salt, in my opinion.
Yeah.
You want to say any others?
Let's see here, out of town, stay hidden for six days, that's one of the achievements.
Let me see if there's anything real quick for the hot coffee, I don't see anything on
here.
Let's see here, yeah it's probably not going to be in there, but it's a nice thought.
I like the hooker one on there.
I don't know if this is legit or not.
See, I'm saying when it shows up on somebody's little blog, I'm not saying that it's necessarily
a lie, but you do kind of have to take it with a grain of salt, because there are people
out there that want to lie, and especially probably because of the lulls that people
are having over the whole, well they know the list but they can't spoil it, you know
what I mean?
I wonder if there would be a lot more achievements in that there too.
Because there's an achievement that says I get it, and I'll read the first letter of
each achievement name, yeah it's fake, it says you're stupid for believing it, yeah
you suck donkey cock, yeah that's what it says, nice, okay, although that would be cool
if that was real, like Rockstar really should do that, like that's their hidden thing to
piss off the senators, like you know, when you take the first letter of each word it
says you know, senators are all gay or something, you know, I don't know, yeah you suck donkey
cock, don't trust anything, yeah, nice, nice, okay, nice touch there, yeah look you got
pwned, I didn't get pwned, oh my god it's legit, going back to Street Fighter 4 for
a minute, something we do know a little more about, RossdielUT in chat asks, oh no Cammy,
no not at this time, only the classic 8 Street Fighter 2 characters have been announced,
that doesn't even include boss characters, but honestly I don't know, if I were a betting
man I would think you're going to get all your 2 characters, all the super characters
meaning the bosses and Cammy and all them as well, I don't know, they might cut, did
anybody really use T-Hawk, I don't know, I think they might cut T-Hawk, the characters
nobody really used, I bet some of the Street Fighter 3 characters are going to be in this
too, oh of course, I think it's going to be epic, I think it's going to have a ton
of fighters, there's plenty of room for everybody, and if they don't put Dan in it
there's going to be a riot, there will be a riot, yeah, Tigerclaw says I wouldn't
be surprised if Akuma is in Street Fighter 4, absolutely, and of course, Shang Long has
to be in it, because you must beat Shang Long to stand a chance, anyway, forget it.
Well one game, which we thought for a second there, we thought, oh my god, hell froze over,
but Duke Nukem Forever, apparently there was an interview for the Dallas Business Journal,
where 3D Realms president Scott Miller confirmed all sorts of stuff, including that Duke Nukem
Forever was coming in 2008, and that Duke Nukem 3D was going to be coming to Xbox Live
Arcade, and some of the stuff that he said, we haven't officially announced any platform
for Duke Nukem Forever, but of course, hitting the big three makes most sense, PC, PS3, and
360, and he said 3D Realms is negotiating with Microsoft to get a release window of
some time this year on the title, and that's of course for Duke Nukem 3D on Xbox Live Arcade,
and he confirmed that Duke Nukem Forever would be coming out in 2008 to home consoles, but
shortly after he was claimed to have said all this stuff, 3D Realms was like, uh-uh,
we never said that, and apparently, which they said, the George Bressard of 3D Realms
said, in what appears to be an unfortunate turn of events, there seems to have been some
confusion between what was off the record and what was not. I suppose we're used to
dealing with the gaming press and not mainstream press. Lesson learned. So, I don't know if
that means that, uh, yeah, it is actually coming out in 2008, but shhh, we never said
that, you know, that type of thing, or... I think they're more afraid of the, uh, the
space-time continuing damage that would come from actually confirming this game. They basically
said the release date is still when it's done and will be until that appropriate moment.
Platforms have not been finalized or announced. You can... It'll be done when it's done and
stop asking. But here's the question, though. Anyone still... Just put that on a big piece
of paper and fax it to any website. Granted, this will be an instant purchase for me, but,
I mean, do I really care anymore about... I mean, this isn't like some huge epic game
anymore, just kinda, eh, whatever. It's limping along to the finish line. You'd buy it just
to see how terrible it actually turns out to be. Oh, it's not gonna be... I mean, it's
gonna be borderline terrible. Like, Duke Nukem 3D was borderline terrible, but, um, it'll
be awesome. Wait a minute, Duke Nukem 3D was kinda rad. It was rad, but see, it had the
cops shooting hookers. It had the B movie, like, it's cool for the same reason Evil Dead
is cool. Yeah, that's what I meant. Let's put it that way. Well, it's also cool because
they use a lot of lines from Evil Dead as well. True, true, true. Alright. I don't know.
Well, one thing that's not cool is, uh, going down and burning things down. And, uh, what's
even not cool, er, what's even more not cooler is to brag about it on the internet. And,
uh, so you know for this, we've gotta give out another one of these. That's right, it's
another Orange Lounge Radio Stupid Award. The Orange Lounge Radio Stupid Award this
week goes to a user on Game Facts. And their name is Jedi Knight 12345. Jedi Knight 12345,
uh, made a post in the current events section of the Game Facts forums. And what he was
doing is he was asking the folks on the forums if he should burn down a school and a church.
And what happened a little later in the town of Palmyra, Missouri? He burned down a church.
And so this boy was arrested on, uh, suspected arson charges. We don't know his real name
because he is under the age of 18 and they withhold that kind of stuff. Uh, so we can't
give out the stupid award by his real name but he certainly, if he's over the age of
like 4, he's old enough to know better. You know what I mean? Even at that age you should
know better. Do we really need more reason not to go on the Game Facts forums? Seriously.
I feel bad for Game Facts because everybody's just using this as a reason to attack them
like, you know, well that's what he gets for going to Game Facts, hahaha. You know, I'm
like okay, haha. Their community was terrible long before anyone cared. Well, seriously
though, this idiot could have been out there anywhere, you know, on any website. I swear,
if any of our listeners ever do anything this stupid, I will find you and beat you up myself
and it will not be pleasant. Do not do, don't do stupid things and if you're thinking about
doing something stupid, please call someone and ask for help. Yeah, how long is it going
to be before someone actually cleans? And don't log onto the internet and post on a
forum. Pick up the phone and call 911 and turn yourself in. Seriously. But that, then
they wouldn't be anonymous like they are on the internet. Can't catch me, I'm on Game
Facts. Amaze Satsuma says 12345, how did you know the combination for my briefcase? By
the way, Jedi, as if even just asking about it wasn't bad enough, it should also be noted
that Jedi Knight 12345 went back to the forum and bragged that he had in fact burned a church
and schooled down and he posted pictures of it on Game Facts. Now, to the users of Game
Facts credit, other forum posters immediately went and found the local news station in this
area and contacted them and the authorities and all that, you know, contacted people that
could do something about it and turned this guy in basically. So, hooray to the Game Facts
users that turned this guy in, you are exempt from the stupid award this week. However,
Jedi Knight 12345, it's your stupid award. Congratulations, you're stupid. There you
have it. In fact, this is just like a really stupid, stupid thing to do and this just makes
me mad that now, you know, he's probably going to come back and it's going to get somehow
tied back into the fact that he was a gamer. Oh, of course. You know, oh, he played too
much. What's a game where you set fire to things? Is there a game where you set fire
to things? There's got to be. Grand Theft Auto. He played too much Grand Theft Auto.
Too much Crackdown? Molotov Cocktage. He played too much Crackdown. He played too much Dracula,
throwing, or Castlevania, throwing the holy fire and learned how to start fires. So, playing
too much WoW as a mage. Geez. So, the complete idiocy of this guy makes me angsty. He fires
a magic missile into the darkness. You know this brings on the FUs of the Week. Loki,
your FUs of the Week, please. My FUs of the Week goes to a headache that's coming on right
about now and that sucks. I fucking hate getting headaches on Sundays and it's always on Sundays,
but not having anything to do with this show, of course. It's just I get headaches on Sundays.
Maybe you're allergic to Sunday. I'm allergic to the holy day, I guess. Sorry to hear that.
Puppy, do you have any FUs you'd like to give this week? FUs to Insomnia, letting me get
about ten hours of sleep over the course of four nights, and FUs to the charger from my
laptop for going up and now my laptop is running on battery power until it eventually dies.
My FUs of the Week goes to Sears. I don't want to give too many details about purchases
I made a while ago, but oh my god, I had to go back to the store twice in one day to clear
up this issue that I was having that wasn't even my fault with Sears. Ugh, horrible. Sears
is on my shit list this week. I had to speak to like five different people, three on the
phone, two in the store. It was horrible. But the last person I spoke to, it doesn't
always go this way, the last person I spoke to could have fixed everything the very first
time if I talked to that person first. Freaks. Let's move on with more news. Well, if I told
you that an Oscar-nominated game was coming, or a game based off an Oscar-nominated movie
coming out soon, you probably wouldn't guess Juno as the game being... I don't know. Why
would they make a game based off of Juno? I don't understand it. Teaching little girls
about pregnancy adventures? I haven't seen Juno, but I hear it's about teenage pregnancy
or whatever. I'm not exactly sure how that makes a game. Did they make a game out of
Napoleon Dynamite? I'm not sure how they'd make a game out of that either. Juno to me
feels like it might be this year's Napoleon Dynamite. It's really funny now, but when
it comes out on video, there's going to be a big backlash against it. Just do wait. So,
I don't know. Apparently, there is a panel at DICE, the summit going on in Las Vegas
right now, during the intellectual property migration specialists. It says people are
making a game based off Juno just to cater to the casual market. And they didn't specify
really anything about the game, but apparently it was... I don't know. He said it was probably
going to be following Nexon's free-to-play business model. So, I don't know. So it would
be like little mini-games for free or something? I'm sorry. This is probably going to be about
as good as that Dirty Dancing game that came out, or possibly the Princess Bride. Ryoma
in our chat room says, Skye, Juno is a lot less stupid than Napoleon Dynamite. I haven't
seen Juno, so I thought Napoleon Dynamite was funny. I didn't think it was the most
hilarious movie ever made, but I did find some things very amusing in that movie, like
the grandma especially, you know? Make me another Questadilla. And when she got in the
dirt bike accident, it was really funny. Forget it. Forget it, forget it. Let's talk about
some other games that are coming out around the world and will start tonight in the UK,
because usually Jamie does those dates, but she can't tonight. So I will be doing UK dates
for you guys this week. Coming out in Europe, Battalion Wars 2 makes its way to the Wii
on the 15th, along with 8-Ball All-Stars and the DS. Castlevania, the Dracula X Chronicles
is a big game that came out here a little while ago. Europe, you're finally getting
it on the PSP on the 15th, as well as Coded Arms Contingent, also on the PSP. Cooking
Mama 2 finally comes out on the Nintendo DS for you guys. Not as bad of a delay, though.
We just got it here about a month ago. Cruis'n makes its way to the Wii. I'm sorry. Dragon
Ball Z, Budokai Tekenshi 3 comes out on the Wii. Dark Messiah of Might and Magic Elements
comes out on the Xbox 360. Coming out on the DS, a big title, Final Fantasy XII Revenant
Wings, which Loki was kind enough to get me for Christmas, and I still haven't played.
I'm very sorry, Loki. But I feel like I need to finish Final Fantasy XII on console first.
I will. Soon. Multi-platform wise, you got a game called Jumper coming out on PlayStation
2 and the Xbox 360. NBA 08 on the PlayStation 3, coming out on the Wii as well. The Destiny
of Zorro. That sounds like it could suck. Lastly, but certainly not leastly, where would
you Naruto fans be without a release for you? Naruto Ninja Destiny in the UK on the DS on
the 15th of February. In the US, we're getting quite a few things coming out, including Lost
Odyssey, that we've been seeing some pretty strange commercials for on TV. It makes it
look like some sort of hippie game, I don't know. I fast-forward all commercials, so what
makes it look so horrible? It's the music that they picked for. Yeah, I don't remember
what the name was. I don't know, it's just... But it's something about White Knight talking
backwards. Huh. Interesting. God, I wish I remembered the name of that song. I don't
wish I remembered the name of that song. It's horrible. Anyways, so that's... Now you know
I gotta look it up on YouTube, so... So that's coming out in the US on the 360. Today, actually,
Professor Layton and the Curious Village made its way out onto the DS. Also this week, Conflict
Denied Ops on PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3. On the PC, Penumbra, The Black Plague.
That's coming out. Jumper, a Griffin story on PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, and the Wii. It's
kind of a side story to the movie, which I hear the movie sucks, by the way, so... Why
am I not surprised? Dungeon Explorer, Warriors of the Ancient Arts for PSP and DS. Dark Messiah
of Might and Magic Elements on Xbox 360. Space Force Captains on PC. There's also a new episode
of the Sam & Max game, Episode 203, The Night of the Raving Dead. That's, of course, on
PC. Carrier Strike Force on PC. 13th Century Death of Glory. Wipeout Pulse on the PSP.
Innocent Life of Futuristic Harvest Moon, Special Edition on PlayStation 2. Yay! Futuristic
Harvest Moon. Yeah, it was on PSP before. RPG Maker VX on PC. And finally on PlayStation
2, and they moved it up quite a bit from March. Ratchet and Clank Size Matters on PlayStation
2. It moved up a whole friggin' month. Here's what I love about live radio. We've got YouTube
right up here. We've got the chat room to help us find things on YouTube. Here's a little
piece of the Lost Odyssey TV commercial. And that funny, I mean, obviously, what horrible
radio, but Loki's talking about the strange audio. Oh, these are classic songs. Oh, this
is Jefferson Airplane. That was pretty rad. White Rabbit, my Jefferson Airplane. There
it is, right there on the side. Sorry, I am not up on my Jefferson Airplane. Okay. Also,
this week, or next weekend, I want you to go get some CDs. I want you to get Jefferson
Airplane. I want you to get Fog Hat. I want you to get some Pink Floyd, and Journey for
good measure, because you know I can't go get some Clean's Clearwater Revival. I want
you to smoke a big bonk. Just kidding, we don't endorse that. Some other fun stuff,
of course, this is the scraping the bottom of the barrel stuff, but oh, I forgot to mention
also the cobalt blue and black DS that came out today as well. Anyways, Go Diego Go Safari
Rescue 1 PlayStation 2, and the Wii. Got to pick that one up. There was also a Dora the
Explorer game coming out, but I don't really care what that is. Bloom Pop on the Wii. What
was that parody of Dora the Explorer they had on Saturday Night Live? I don't remember
that. I think I, like, wet myself laughing. It was so freaking hilarious, because, you
know, forget it. I'll save that for another show. Anyways, Bloom Pop for the Wii. It's
a really cheap puzzle game, so that's kind of neat. Rock Band, they're getting the stand-alone
drum sets. They're supposed to be coming out this week as well, so look for those. $90
peripherals. There's $80 peripherals. I thought it was $90 for the drum sets. No, $80. It's
still expensive, though. Yeah. And that's it. Sorry. Alright, let's move on to Japanese
release dates. Coming out in Japan on the 14th of February on the Xbox 360, WWE Smackdown
vs. Raw 2008. I don't know how popular Rasslin' is over in Japan. I think they have their
own wrestling league over there, because I've seen some YouTubage. But if you want to experience
the American version, there you go. It's also coming out on PlayStation 3, by the way, and
appears to be one of the bigger releases this week in Japan. There's not a lot else. It's
also coming out on the Wii. But if you're not a Rasslin' fan, you can get Medal of Honor,
Heroes 2. It does come out on the Nintendo Wii. By the way, there's also a bundle with
the Wii Zapper making its way to Japan. On the PlayStation 2, Decapo! The Origin comes
out. Another Pachinko game, Jisen Pachislot, Hisoho Selection, Salomon Kintaru, Slaughter
Kintaru, Oreno Sora. Yes, that's one name. It's another Sega Pachinko game. That's all
you need to know. Kimikiz comes out as well. Poison Pink. That sounds like it could be
kind of fun. And another Rasslin' game, Wrestle Angels Survivor. Good price. It might be a
price reduction on that. I don't know about that one. Interesting. Let's see what's coming
out on the handhelds on the Nintendo DS. Digimon Championship. A game called Happy, Happy Clover
comes out as well. And just in time for Valentine's Day, Otomeki Koikakume Love Revo DS comes
out as well. Let's take a quick look at the PSP, see if there's anything of note for you
guys over in Japan. Medal of Honor as well coming on the Sony PSP, Medal of Honor Heroes
that is. And where would your life be without another Gundam game? Mobile Suit Gundam, Giren
no Yabu, Axis no Koei comes out. Oh, that's a Korean date actually. It must have already
come out in Japan. There you have it. Your Japanese release dates. Sweet. Well, if you're
a little bit late to, say, returning your books to a library, if you happen to be in
this neck of the woods here, of the story here, you actually can play DDR to possibly
avoid late fees. Apparently, the story is of a librarian's annual patron appreciation
day, where he lets attendees to avoid overdue fines by donating non-perishables to a local
soup kitchen or playing a quick game of DDR. And the exact pay-for-play system, they didn't
really discuss that, but a 16-year-old who was apparently in the article needed a C grade
on her dance performance to erase a $14 fine from a record. So, that's pretty cool. Yeah,
I wonder how high they would go for late fees to be erased. Even though I never actually
went to a library in my life. That just proves that library late fees are stupid. Look, you
maybe ought to go volunteer to do some DDR for people's late fees. Fuck that. I don't
even know where this is. I'm not going to go there and play DDR for their late fees.
It's fucking paying me money for that. It's certainly a creative method. I'll give it
that, I guess. Also, a pretty creative game. There was a lot of people that loved Myst
Online. Unfortunately, they don't have much longer to love this game because GameTap will
be shutting down Myst Online in 60 days. They made the difficult decision earlier this week
that Myst Online Uro Live will be going down in 60 days, so that's somewhere in April when
the game will be coming down. And what's really cool is Rick Sanchez, who has actually been
on our show before. He was on, I want to say about a year and a half ago. He actually posts
on the GameTap forums and kind of had to make that very difficult post because, you know,
like any MMO, there's rabid fans. And, you know, Myst Online is no exception. It had
its share of rabid fans. And they're not happy to hear about the game going. People want
refunds and so on and so on. MystOnline.com will stay active, you know, as a tribute to
what was in the game. And, you know, in Rick's post, he said they were looking at, quote,
a wide variety of possibilities for maintaining the game. He swears up and down they're not
just a bunch of evil corporate types who do nothing but count pennies and wear Brooks
Brothers suits. So, you know, and honestly, I don't know how many of you guys have played
Myst Online. I checked it out a couple months ago for the sake of reviewing it on the show.
And what I noticed about the game is that there are real live people that play the game
in a, you know, making the story work type of capacity. For instance, if you were a new
person, you could go to these classes in Myst Online to learn about the world of Myst. And
it wasn't an automated thing. There was actually someone there. Like when I went in there,
the person said, you know, hello, Sky, are you, because that's the online name I use
as most of you know. The person said, hello, Sky, are you here for the class today? And
I was like, yes. And they're like, okay, just take a seat over there. We'll get started
soon. You know, like it's crazy. They actually have people in and I imagine that's got to
be very expensive thing to maintain. So I say kudos to GameTap for giving it a try.
And if the rest of you are pissed off, be pissed off at the fact that people didn't
play it. That's why it shut down. If your MMO doesn't have enough people playing it
to keep it, you know, running, it shuts down. In the end though, the rabid fans will find
a way to maintain it. I've had that experience before when I played Myth a long time ago
and when Bungie finally shut down the servers for Myth 2. It wasn't more than a month before
players had brought up their own servers that Bungie actually endorsed and said, hey, you
know, you're free to go ahead and play these servers now.
We'll turn the other cheek for this one. Let's see. Josie16 in chat, chat at orangeonshooter.com
says, Myst online was well thought through. Too bad to see it go. The problem with Myst
online, even though they had the class and everything, I found it very hard to just get
in and go. You know, like I think the reason why WoW, like one reason WoW is so fucking
popular is that I don't know how many of you have sit down to play it, you know, despite
how you feel about the game, but you can get up and running in World of Warcraft relatively
quickly. You know, there's kind of a learning curve as you level from levels 1 to 10. You
know, that's why people are like, oh, you can get to level 10 in an hour. That's because
level 1 to 10 is really the learning curve for noobs and it really walks you through
the game. You know, and I have the same bitch as Final Fantasy XI. I think if Final Fantasy
XI didn't have the Final Fantasy name in front of it, that was a very hard game to
just get up and running in, you know, to kind of figure out. Remember when we first bought
Final Fantasy XI, Loki, we bought it like the day it came out on the PC. It was back
when we were living together. We were so lost the first day. I didn't realize that the
world extended beyond the first like little area. I was like, when I went there and there
was like a whole like, you know, the plat, was it the Lathine Plateau or whatever. I'm
like, holy crap. And then like later on when you're playing the game, you're like, oh
wow, this world's even bigger. I'm gonna kill bunnies for the rest of my life. This
is fun. And then like you go, then you go into, what's the thing after, it's Ronfro
is the first area. Then you go into Lathine Plateau and you go into Lathine Plateau and
you try to kill a bunny there and they just murder you. You're like, I just got raped
by a bunny. Why do you hate me so much? Oh, now I remember. That's right. I'm so glad
I didn't have to deal with that. That game was fun. I miss it. But not really. Alright.
One game I'm probably not gonna miss either is Midway's brand new, this is Vegas. And
apparently if you're too, I don't know, poor to go to Vegas to be a whore or to gamble,
you can do it in this game. So that's awesome. They didn't really say what it was that you
would be doing in this. Apparently you would be able to live out your fantasies in Vegas
by fighting, gambling, driving, and partying. Strangely no mention of hookers. Well, I don't
know, in the trailer though, there was hooker-like people. But yeah, so this is Vegas coming
to Xbox 360, PS3, and PC. You know, I'm just, I'm wondering if people are going to start
doing this is spot on. This is Vegas. I'm sure it's somewhere on YTMND already. I'm
sure it's already there. I don't know. It's a weird idea for a game, but... Well, here's
something that will be coming out soon, and this is really not a surprise to anyone who
has played the game Puzzle Quest or one of its thousand ports. It's out on every freaking
system out there. But it is a great game. I mean, really, it kind of took a great idea,
which is like, you know, bejeweled, and just put a whole new spin on it that made it even
better. Puzzle Quest is just great, and Puzzle Quest is going to be getting a sequel. It
was a press release put out this week from D3. It was mentioning the forthcoming sequel
to the game. Here's the quote from the press release. The company will also be releasing
video games based on Artiman's popular Shaun the Sheep character in 2008, alongside the
eagerly awaited follow-ups to the best-selling Ben 10 and Puzzle Quest. Now, see, I don't
know what I'm more excited about. Sequel to Puzzle Quest or Shaun the Sheep? I've never
fucking heard of it, but that sounds pretty awesome, I gotta say.
Sheep. And I don't remember Ben 10 being that popular, but okay.
Well, apparently it was popular enough for me to make a live-action movie about, even
though the only reason I know that is because I watch too much Cartoon Network.
Maybe something that's more popular in another country, I don't know. But I've never heard
of it personally, so there you go.
Who knows what 12-year-olds are watching these days, other than Hannah Montana?
Okay. I'm sure this, don't get me started on how fucking nuts it is that like, the theaters
are like packed with little girls and their moms, soon to see Hannah Montana. Like, you
know that movie is like crushing everything. And I hear people talking about it at work
all the time.
It's not a movie, it's a recording of a concert.
I know, it's crazy.
It's not a movie.
We want to talk about how the DS prints money. Dude, Miley Cyrus has money coming at her
ass, okay?
That's it. I wonder when she's going to do a cover of her dad's achy breaky heart, or
duet.
Nice.
I'm sure this is pure coincidence that I have this story, but apparently Mastiff has licensed
the rights to the Major League Eating, I didn't even know there was Major League Eating, but
apparently they're going to make a Major League Eating game. The game will play out like a
fighting game, and it will show people on screen eating. Using, you will have a mastery
of offensive defensive weapons, just like watching this show on Justin TV. You get to
watch people eat.
Hey, I am having dinner, okay? Whatever. I'm not like, oh, it's the fish! Mmm, food good!
You should do that one day on the show, though.
You really should.
So, you will have offensive and defensive weapons, including burps, belches, and mustard
gas.
This sounds like the ultimate small power-up.
This sounds like the ultimate, like, twelve-year-old boy game.
Teehee fart!
You know, like, seriously, that was horrible. And, of course, the technical mastery necessary
to avoid emptying one's stomach in doodly colored reversals of fortune. As they like
to put it.
Wow.
Yeah.
There was this, I don't think it was worth the effort to even make that eloquent.
Really, are you that desperate for licenses? Well, it is Mastiff, so, you know, I guess
so. I mean, they just came out with a Top Gun DS game, like, not too long ago. A little
late.
So, last week we had Major Wee, and this week we have Major Eating. That's nice. You'd
think it would go the other way around. That's all I have to say.
God damn, if this isn't a story that won't ever go away as, Apple's getting into gaming!
Oh my God, Apple's getting into gaming.
Hey, Newsflash. Apple's kind of already, well, A, Apple went into gaming a long time ago
and didn't do Too Hot. Pippin, hello. Apple's already, like, they're getting their big toe,
like, they're putting their big toe in the water and saying, hmm, me with. Like, they've
got some pretty awesome games on the iPod now, like Pagle on the iPod. I don't know
if I've officially reviewed it on the show or whatever, but Pagle on the iPod's pretty
awesome. Like, that's the system that game was made for, you know. That's a pretty awesome
game on the iPod. And, Faze, you know, basically Guitar Hero for your iPod, you know, of sorts.
Guitar Hero? What are you talking about?
Well, because, you know, you have to.
It's not Guitar Hero, it's Amplitude.
Okay, whatever, it's Amplitude. But, you know, sadly, more people probably know what I'm
talking about when I talk about Guitar Hero. So.
When we need to educate them.
Hitstun in chess is apparently the iPod version of Pagle is great. It really is. I think Pagle's
probably the best game you can get on the iPod right now, honestly. You know, and I
love Sonic the Hedgehog and all that stuff, too, but Pagle, just because of the nature
of, you know, how you rotate the gun to fire down the, it's like, imagine if Plinko was
a game. That's basically what Pagle is. And you can rotate the little gun with the dial.
It works perfectly. So.
We need a, like, online version of Price is Right the game. That would be awesome.
That would be kind of rad. Anyhow.
Use the touch wheel to spin the big wheel.
Well, hold on. We got to rail. We went from Apple to talking about Price is Right. A trademark
apparently was filed on February 5th and now has the room rails going again because Apple
has updated its trademark to now include toys, games, and playthings, namely handheld units
for playing electronic games, handheld units for playing video games, stand-alone video
game machines, electronic games other than those adapted for use of television receivers
only, LCD game machines, electronic educational game machines, toys, namely battery-powered
computer games.
I seem to recall earlier this year I made a prediction on the show, or I should say
late last year, that somebody was going to step up and challenge Nintendo's dominance
in the handheld market and it wasn't going to be Sony or Nintendo. Of course at the time
I think I said it wasn't going to be Apple either, but two out of three ain't bad. This
could be. It could be.
This is going to be such an abortion of a game system. It's not even funny. I mean,
seriously, this is from the guys that thought, you know what, having a CD-ROM drive in our
laptop, that would be stupid. What are we thinking? I mean, this is going to be a game
system that's not going to have a cartridge slot or anywhere to put the games in. You're
going to have to download the Wi-Fi from your computer or some shit. Lame! They don't understand.
They're just going to make it pink and pretty and stupid idiots will buy it.
Brace yourself. Brace yourself.
Withholding justice.
I am agreeing with Loki. Me of all people.
And you are an Apple fanboy of the highest caliber.
I do not think that Apple, I think they got lucky with the iPhone jumping into a completely
new market, but they, I think if they try to get into gaming, they're going to fail.
I just don't, style and design is not going to win when it's the software that sells the
games.
And I'm not necessarily talking about the MacBook Air and stuff like that, just that.
I'm just saying they choose to go aesthetics over functionality for a lot of stuff. And
I don't know. I mean, that works for some people, I guess, but the problem is I don't
think it's going to work for a console system or it's going to work for a handheld system
because they're going to want to change it constantly. I mean, you know, the PlayStation
3 does the same damn thing, but still, you can't. It's just going to get confusing and
they're going to want to do a ton of different things. It's going to be like the PSP, but
they're going to change it a lot more.
And it's not like you can release a new system like you can release a new version of an iPod
and it'll still have the same technology and functionality. Because they'll end up releasing
something new six months later and it won't be able to be backwards compatible with the
previous games.
And, you know, go ahead and try to take on Nintendo. I mean, sure, they need someone
to do it, but, you know, you had other people try, too, like Gizmondo. They thought that
they could take on Nintendo and that failed.
This is all I'm going to say, is that I will withhold judgment until it comes out, like,
you know, a good critic will. You know, you can't really judge it, tell the final things
out. But I wouldn't be surprised if you see the iPod go a little further into gaming.
Like, I could totally see them putting out, like, a controller or something that plugs
into the iPod.
That makes more sense, I don't think.
But I think that's as far as it's going to go. I don't see them, like, releasing a whole
new thing. I see it as some type of extension or enhancement for an iPod. That's it.
Yeah, and, I mean, the best stuff, the best games that will ever come out for an iPod
will probably be made by random people, not by Apple, that use, like, the iPod Touch's
touchscreen functionality.
Which, apparently, PopCap might be it. Which makes sense, because the type of games that
PopCap puts out is perfect for the iPod audience, right? Am I right?
Yeah, casual stuff.
Yeah. So there you have it.
Puzzle Pirates on an iPhone, hmm.
All right. Anyhow, part A is about over and we're going to be getting into part B tonight,
which, by the way, if I haven't mentioned yet, in part B tonight, I've mentioned this
a lot, actually. We're going to be playing a brand new game we've never played before
here on the show. Everybody in chat can play and possibly win tonight. It's going to be
amazing. But before we get to that in part B, we have to do one more segment here in
part A. And for that, we have to bring somebody special on the line.
Oh, caller, are you there on the line?
Yo.
Hey, Jamie, how are you feeling?
I'm feeling, um, stuff that I can't say on the air.
I see. So you're just kind of feeling a little, uh, you know, a little sick this week, basically?
It's viral.
Ugh. That's never any fun. Well, sorry to hear that you're sick, but you'll be back
next week, right?
Yes, I will. I didn't want to, I just didn't want to get you guys sick. I don't care about
my co-workers so much.
Yeah.
I'm just kidding. Because I got it from my co-workers, so.
Oh, snap. So you're going to go back and get some more of them sick then, right?
No, I figured if they weren't going to get sick, they would have already gotten sick
from it.
Alright. Well, anyway, Jamie, you know, we just couldn't do this segment without you.
We're at the end of part A, as you may know from listening or what have you. We've got
to do the Classic Game of the Week, so let's get in the music.
And Dark Sakura, what classic game have you picked for the listeners to celebrate this
week?
The Classic Game of the Week is one of my personal favorites. It's Ys III, where it's
from Ys, which is, you know, being Ys III, it is the third in the series. So this one's
actually different from the other two. I don't know if anyone else was a big fan of it. If
I'm right, this was out on MSX. It was, I got used to the Super Nintendo version, but
it was also out on PC Engine. In fact, I've actually got the Duo version of it somewhere.
But the special thing about this one is that it's sort of a departure in gameplay from
the previous ones.
Very cool.
How?
Sorry, go ahead.
Well, with this one is that the previous ones were the whole top-down, you know, old-school
Zelda-style overhead view. And this one had primarily side-scrolling. You'd have to actually
mash a button to swing the sword and attack, and you also had rings that you could equip
for different special effects. So instead of having, like, magic, you would use your
ring power. And it was a pretty cool game. It was very, I thought, unique for the time
and the type of RPG that it was. But it also had, like, some really fantastic music. I
love this game a whole lot.
Let's take a listen to the music real quick. Now, one thing I should say about this game,
a very common mispronunciation of the title, right, because it looks like Y's, because
it's just the letter Y.
It's Y's.
Yeah, it's Y's. So.
Yeah. In fact, if you actually look at the name, the Japanese title romanized, it says
Isu.
So.
Very cool.
Does that help?
Now, the most recent Y's game, if I'm not mistaken, because I think we brought it up
on a previous edition of the show, they ported, or I guess they made a new version of this
game for the PSP, right?
There's, if I'm right, I think it was Y's V, technically, the arc of Mappus, Mappus
3. And then there was a Windows one that was like a remake of Y's V, which was the arc
of Spelcona.
Wow.
It was more like an expansion of Y's V.
I gotcha. So basically, you know, this game is so classic that it still continues to live
on today in sequels.
Pretty much. I mean, and anyone who's got, you know, Super Nintendo, if you can find
it and should be able to find it really cheap still, I recommend taking it up. It's a fun
game.
All right. Maybe someday a virtual console? Who knows?
I would hope so, but we'd probably get Ys I and II before we got Ys III.
I guess that's true. All right.
Yeah.
Well, there you have it, boys and girls, your classic game of the week, Wanderers from Ys,
the third game in the series. The music you were hearing was from the MSX version, but
you can find it also on Super Nintendo and TurboGrafx, if I'm not mistaken?
Yep.
Very cool.
Yep, it was a Turbo CD.
Well, Jamie, we look forward to having you back in the house next week. Rest up and feel
better and say hi to Dan for us.
Oh, well, he's in there playing Smash Brothers.
All right. Oh, you guys have the new Smash Brothers, right?
Yeah. Well, we don't have it. A friend of ours brought it over and so they've been going
through the whole adventure mode in there with the amazingly compatible team of Samus
and Pikachu.
Who would have thought?
What was it? Team Bishonen. They have the Bishonen Assault Squad, which is Pit and Link.
Wow. That sounds kind of fun.
And then the Fire Emblem team.
So do you approve of Super Smash Brothers Brawl after seeing it last week in studio
and experiencing it at your own house this week?
I quite approve.
All right. Very nice. There you have it. All right. Well, Dark Soccer, we're going to go
ahead and take our break and a brand new game for our listeners in Part B tonight. I'm sorry
you don't get to hear it, but we'll fill you in afterwards, okay?
Oh, I see how it is. You wait until I'm out and then you do the new stuff.
Well, because we have to fill time because you're not here to give us your viewpoint
and interrupt Loki when he's talking. Just kidding.
I'm just going to cry.
Aw, Dark Soccer, we love you. You should play in the game tonight. It would be funny if
you win.
I can't ever get the show to pull up on my laptop.
Aw, that's a bummer. All right. Well, Dark Soccer, take care. We'll see you next week,
okay?
Okay. Bye.
All right. Bye-bye.
Auf Wiedersehen.
All right. That's going to do it for this Part A here of Orange Lounge Radio. We're
going to take a quick break, though, and we'll be back with plenty more. However, here's
the deal. I got to close all my chat windows here. We're going to be asking a qualifying
question to qualify for tonight's game in Part B. Basically, one contestant will be
coming in via the Skype line. So I'm going to give you a question, very similar type
of question you might hear in tonight's game.
And if you think you know the answer, you're going to send me the answer in a private message
in the chat room. If you don't know how to send me a private message, ask somebody. And
you are going to send me your phone number. And by sending me your phone number, that
is consent that you approve of us calling you, please make sure you are by your phone
in the next hour or so, and that we don't get any surprises of Mommy or Daddy picking
it up. So don't submit an answer to this if you do not have control over your own phone.
So here it is. This is the qualifier question. You're going to send me the correct answer
to this question, and then you are going to send me your phone number if you want to play,
and we'll pick somebody randomly out of those that submit the correct phone number. So here
it is. And I'm putting this in the podcast because I felt those listening in the podcast
might want to play along. Here is the qualifying question. What game is this music from?
I wouldn't yell it out in chat or you are giving it away for everybody. Here are the
correct answers. I'm sorry, one of these is the correct answer. Here are the answers you
have to choose from. A. Nightmare on Elm Street. B. Halloween. C. Friday the 13th.
Again, if you know the answer, A. Nightmare on Elm Street. B. Halloween. C. Friday the
13th. Send me a private message in chat with the correct answer and your telephone number.
If you're listening on the podcast only and not live on Sunday night, sorry, but the game
has already ended and you're not eligible. We're taping live here on Sunday night, February
the 10th of 2008, at OrangeLaundry.com. We'll find out who's going to be playing the game
with us after tonight's break. So we'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week. Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge
Radio.
