Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
We're officially on the road to the holiday season and the lovable 3rd Street Saints are joining in the festivities with new DLC.
Also tonight, GamerX founder Matt Kahn joins us to talk about his Kickstarter for a Snatcher inspired adventure game.
Your questions, comments, calls on the show where every video gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
I just said that.
I know you did and I'm saying it again. Live on this December 1st, 2013, episode number 529.
Welcome to the show. We're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, gamer lulls, and who knows what else with my co-hosts, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Does that mean he said it dead and now he's undead?
He said it out of turn is what he said. Fired!
It's fine. Alright.
Blah.
DarkSakura, we missed you last week. Welcome back.
I wish I was here last week because it was fucking loud.
Yeah.
We went to this place called the Yard House which we were discussing before.
Not like super fancy pants but a little fancy.
I ate something incredibly non-kosher and it was delicious.
It was a surf and turf burger without the bun.
Well then happy Hanukkah, Jamie.
Happy Hanukkah to me!
It is the fifth night. I will be lighting my candles when I return home.
How did Hanukkah's giving, Hanukkah's giving or whatever?
Thanksgivica.
Thanksgivica, yeah. So how did Thanksgivica treat you?
It was fucking loud too.
Okay, well we went to have Thanksgiving dinner at, you remember Dan's buddy Adam, right?
We went over there and there were the kids and Dan's cousins and brought the kids too and there was a bunch of little people and fucking sports ball.
I hate sports ball.
I hate sports ball.
Unless it's DVR.
And I say it with extra, extra southern accent because all I heard about yesterday was Alabama Auburn, no one cur.
But you do love Tecmo Bowl, right?
Yeah, I guess.
I thought there was some, there's some sports ball you can tolerate, I know that.
Yeah, some.
I used to date a rugby player and that was pretty awesome.
Alright, also say hello as well to, Loki is here in studio.
Hi.
How you doing Techmaster Loki?
Doing fine.
Yeah?
I'm trying to figure out where these phantom stain spots came from.
It looks like something dripped on my hand.
Pizza sauce.
It's not pizza sauce.
It's grease.
Well it must be for the breadsticks but they're not that greasy.
I mean they are greasy but they're not that greasy.
Like I didn't notice any grease dripping off of them.
So one of Loki's, you know Loki always brings an interesting dining selection to the show and you know it's sometimes fast.
It's become a bit of a betting game amongst the live OLR listeners what he brings to the show.
So tonight he brought his, he goes to the pizza place, he doesn't get pizza he gets just a mass of breadsticks.
They are really good breadsticks so I will say.
If you have round table pizza in your area and you've had the breadsticks they are really good.
I'm not gonna lie.
But yeah it's probably oil or something.
Yeah.
Anyway.
It's cheese.
Cheese or something.
It's cheesy.
It keeps Loki cheesy y'all.
Alright.
It's not easy.
It's being cheesy.
I know you heard him a minute ago and he is back this week.
Say hello to the voice of the show.
Jason.
It's me.
Again.
Yet again.
Yeah how you doing Jason?
Doing good.
Yeah?
Been a good couple of days.
Been a good four day weekend.
Did you have a good Thanksgiving as well?
I did Friendsgiving.
Co-workers of mine invited me over and there was about 20 of us.
Anybody that follows me on Twitter may have seen this story that I started to come up with.
A Twitter, Apple, Google, and GitHub employee sat around the table and I don't really have
a joke to fill in to the end of that but I'm sure there's one in there somewhere.
Some Silicon Valley wag.
Friendsgiving is a lot of fun.
Friendsgiving is very good.
Yeah it was a good time.
I had kind of a late Friends- well not- you know what I did last night?
I went and saw a grandpa from Hoard House.
If you know my other show Hoard House that I do about all things sound like gaming but
never too seriously Wednesdays.
I went and hung out with grandpa last night in what I think is becoming a bit of a post-Thanksgiving
tradition for us where we go, we visit, and then we go out and drink.
So I'm-
I heard you.
Got super drunk.
I'm a little- well you must read my Twitter because I wrote some really stupid stuff last
night while I-
No, no, no, no.
Grandpa posted it on Facebook.
Okay, well you know me and my alcohol tolerance of which I have none, right?
Because I usually don't drink.
I'm usually the sober one but visiting grandpa in the city we were able to take cabs and
all that stuff.
I had seven drinks last night.
And yeah, it was a lot of fun.
I'm good.
I'm good.
But I am feeling a little bit like if I'm dragging a little bit today, I blame that.
I blame Friendsgiving with drinks.
Good times.
All right.
Is that the new Zynga game?
Friendsgiving with drinks?
Possibly.
Possibly.
All right.
We have a busy show tonight.
We have a lot of news to get into as well.
Also joining us a little later on in the show in about 20 minutes, the founder of a convention
I talked a lot about here on Orange Launch Radio because I went and I helped out with
a panel there, GamerX.
Matt Kahn is the founder of GamerX and he is actually going to be on the show tonight
in about 20 minutes to talk about a new Kickstarter that actually has nothing to do with conventions
but it is kind of neat because it's inspired by an old, you know, we love old classic video
games here at OLR.
How many, show of hands, who remembers the old video game Snatcher?
Yep.
Almost every hand in the room went up.
Who has Snatcher?
Well, Matt's latest Kickstarter for his company MidBoss Games is a game that's about a futuristic
San Francisco that is heavily inspired by Snatcher.
So he's going to come on, talk a little bit about that and of course, if he's going to
be, I have to ask him about GamerX.
I want to know about GamerX too.
So we got to ask some of those questions.
So we will get to those questions and your questions live in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
in about 20 minutes or so.
But first, we're going to get to gaming weeks and all that, but I do want to get to a kickoff
topic as well.
This one's a little bit more of a serious note.
This is housekeeping of sorts, IDK, what you want to call it, but we got to talk a little
bit about last week.
I thought we had a great show last week.
We had a lot of fun here on the show last week.
Even though you weren't here.
I wasn't here.
How could it be awesome?
Well, it wasn't our best ever.
I'll be honest.
Dark Soccer.
It could have been our best.
You need me to balance it out, huh?
But we did know.
We did get feedback from multiple sources on last week's show that maybe felt that some
of the discussion we had last week might have been a little bit off.
And so it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
So I want to entertain some of this feedback and I want to kind of respond to it a little
bit respectfully.
I'm going to call this one out because it was publicly posted to our Facebook.
And by calling out, I just mean I'm selecting it to read it on there.
Not like, I'm calling you out, black racks, three o'clock.
No.
Because I do appreciate the feedback.
It's a show where every gamer has a voice.
So I want to read this post that came to our Facebook.
It's from Carla O is the name on Facebook.
And it says, I think I might stop listening to the show if it becomes PlayStation centric,
which it's starting to seem that way.
And that was the comment.
I was really trying to think like, what in last week's show might have given the impression
that we were PlayStation centric?
And I was really thinking about it and I was like, you know what?
In gaming culture as of late anyway, things have definitely seemed to be tilting in PlayStation
's favor as a whole.
And I'm like, I'm looking at the big picture here and I'm trying to think, why is that?
Well, that's because Microsoft has been playing a little bit of a game of catch up PR, fixed
mistakes ever since E3, right?
And obviously they launched the Xbox one.
We kicked off last week's show.
Loki had some choice words for the Xbox one.
I felt what Loki was saying and even kind of listening back to it.
I didn't think it was anything that I haven't like seen in other internet places.
I think their voices I'm hearing other places, you know, again, every gamer has a voice.
These are what some gamer voices are saying.
Not everything out there is positive, but I was trying to think, does that, was that
really making us PlayStation centric?
I'm not sure.
So I did respond.
Nobody am on Sony's payroll now.
Stop.
No, you're not.
All right.
But I did respond and I gave an answer basically similar to what I'm telling you guys now.
We try to treat everything fairly.
And one thing I did point out, as I said, I know you probably haven't been listening
to this show, but if you go back to like 2006.
And this is definitely a way I kind of feel in general.
If we go back to 2006, the roles were almost reversed.
I mean, coming out of E3 that year, Sony was the laughing stock of the entire gaming industry.
Giant enemy crabs, 599 US dollars, 599, like we all remember that, right?
And I know I've made this comparison on the show before is that we're almost sitting in
a place now where we're looking at like the complete flip of that.
Microsoft had one of those E3s this year that they've been trying to recover from and
PlayStation.
You know, we had something very interesting happen at E3 this year.
Let's think back, you guys.
This is something we have not seen in a long time in this industry, ever since the ads
in the magazines that say Sega does what Nintendo don't.
We did not see something of the caliber of Jack Trenton getting up on stage and saying,
we believe that gamers should be able to, sorry, I forget his direct quote, but we believe
the gamers should be able to, once they buy the disc, the purchase is there.
Once he did that systematic dismantling at E3 of everything the internet didn't like
about Microsoft.
And so that was an attack we haven't seen the likes of in a long time.
So that made things very interesting.
But anyway.
We don't even have to go back that far.
We just have to go back two weeks ago where you canceled your PS4 pre-order.
True.
But I don't necessarily blame Sony for that.
I just necessarily blame it.
And I think this is the boat we're all in right now of, we're just not ready for this
next generation of game yet.
And it goes back to the golden rule of gaming.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
And for me personally, I look at what the PlayStation 4 has and at what the Xbox One
has and I say, eh, nothing there for me yet.
Well, Dan and I swore off system and phone launches.
You know, I'm getting my 5S at the end of the year instead of, you know, right when
it came out, we're getting our, probably getting our PS4 in February.
And we've pretty much decided that just because more stuff that we want to do is out on it
and it fits in better with the things that we want to do.
End of story.
Right.
To tell you what train that I'm on.
I'm on the Turbo Duo train, 16 bit forever, HuCards, heck yeah.
So anyway, I wrote kind of a response along those lines.
Karla wrote back and I do want to read this here.
It says, but most of the negative criticism is focused on two out of those consoles.
I can understand everyone has their favorite console, but if the show focuses on all gaming
platforms, it should reflect that in the show content.
Lately there has been a ton of negativity thrown at one console and that is pretty much
what I hear in every other podcast.
OLR was the exception, but not as of late, which makes me sad because I enjoy this show
more than most.
Thanks for the reply.
And you know what?
Thank you for engaging in respectful dialogue.
I really love these types of conversations as opposed to what you used to see in the
old YouTube comments.
Fuck you, you fucking fuck, right?
So I really appreciate kind of the respectful dialogue there.
As far as it goes, I can see where maybe last week, maybe kicking the Xbox the day after
they launched maybe wasn't the most tactful thing to do, but it's also kind of a realist
view of where some people's heads are at.
And I say this in general, and I'm going to come back to this theme a little bit later
on tonight.
I do like to think that we are fair to everybody.
There's going to be good days for gaming companies.
There's going to be bad days for gaming companies.
And we're part of that voice out there on the internet that talks about that.
And you know, just like, let's take Nintendo for an example.
We've talked a lot of Sony.
We've talked a lot of Microsoft.
We haven't talked a lot of Nintendo.
Nintendo absolutely has had their good days and their bad days.
And we've talked about, you know, we try to razz them both on this show.
For example, bad days, the swap note disabling, what?
That was, you know, and that, that just feeds into the whole Nintendo.
You do not understand online, that whole thing, right?
But then on the good side of Nintendo, dude, Nintendo released two game of the year contenders
on the same day in the new Mario 3D world and Zelda link between worlds.
That's a very good thing.
I mean, those are game of the year contenders.
Granted, it's going to be a rough ride to the top when you've got Bioshock Infinite
and Last of Us also this year, but let's not neglect that those are two rock solid games
that came out on the same day.
That's good news.
So, you know, and I could, I could think of cases for Sony and Microsoft as well.
I do want to encourage the listeners, you know, continue to, if you feel like your voice
is not being represented, by all means, speak up.
We want to hear where you're coming from.
If you think that, um, you know, maybe we're neglecting something about the Xbox one that
needs to be brought to the forelight, please bring it up on the show.
You know, I don't think we've ever said to somebody, you know what, you're wrong in your
opinion.
I like to think we haven't said that, you know, maybe, maybe we sometimes riff on each
other and yell at each other a little bit, maybe have said that, but we don't, you know,
we don't really want to tell people they're wrong.
Right.
Am I right?
Oh yeah.
I've been meaning to talk to you about Mass Effect, but you're wrong.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
You can't deny a fact.
You are wrong on.
You cannot deny a fact.
All right.
But anyway, uh, I, I might be dragging this out way too much, but I just, I just want
to say, guys, again, we're here to present some other perspectives and sometimes that's
our perspective and sometimes that's your perspective.
And one thing I want to challenge our listeners to do, I don't think I got my thought out
on this, is that, you know, sometimes in gaming we tend to live in this bubble and it's the
way, the way you see it and the things, and I'm not saying this particular listener is
that way.
I'm not saying you, I'm just saying in general, gamers, gaming, look at comments on websites
and tell me you don't think this about some people.
Some gamers tend to live in their little bubble and they can't really see outside that bubble.
How could somebody possibly want an Xbox one?
How could somebody possibly want to spend a hundred extra dollars on this system with
this device you don't need and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, well, look outside that
bubble.
Maybe there's a reason.
Maybe there's that game.
And I'll tell you for me personally, next year is going to suck for my wallet because
I'm going to have to buckle and get a PlayStation 4 when they release Final Fantasy 14, the
Elder Scrolls beta, uh, the new infamous looks really good.
You know, there's a lot of stuff on PlayStation then on Xbox 360, guess what?
When they release a new halo, when they release quantum break, I got to pick up an, did I
say 360?
I'm an Xbox one.
When they release all that, I got to get an Xbox one as well.
So my wallet's going to be hurting next year.
I'm just waiting for those games.
All right.
Um, I do want to introduce our chat room live.vognetwork.com, uh, because we do tape live, of course, every
Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the voice of geeks network
www.vognetwork.com.
And I'm trying to look at, uh, what some of the chatters are saying here.
We've been discussing physics.
So on, on task, apparently I'm, I'm seeing you talk about gigantic monitors and whatever
is going on there, because I said that I should be on NEC's payroll and someone asked if they
still exist.
And then we started talking about their printers and stuff, right?
But they, they made like these great flat panel, not flat panel, but flat screen CRT
monitors that were perfect for doing color matching.
I mean, it was almost like a print match.
It was so great.
And of course you can't really get a CRT monitor anymore.
Um, let's see.
S2 100.
Matt says, I remember the beginning of last generation, OLR was accused of being anti
Sony.
Well, a lot of internet was, uh, Brad says, uh, talk about what you know, we bought the
PlayStation four versus the Xbox one.
So that is what we can talk about.
And you're right.
We can talk about our particular reasons and so forth.
And then let's see some folks in chat, uh, some various people talking about kind of
the whole Microsoft and what happened recently with some of the bands they were doing, which
we're going to get into a little later in the show.
Um, Loki, I, I, you know, again, you don't have to apologize by any means for what you
said last week, because I got to admit, I think you brought up some points that, you
know, are worth thinking about and why there is some resistance to the Xbox one, but now
they've had a week to kind of simmer on it and black Friday going on and so forth.
Where's your head at now with generally PlayStation four and Xbox one and all of this, I gotta
say that sweet, sweet PlayStation four is a great value for this holiday at a retail
price of $399.
You can find it.
Okay.
I just don't want to do that because I'm not on their payroll.
I really wish I was, you don't understand how much that would be so awesome to have
actual a, um, no, but, um, how do I see it?
My point last week was, and I guess it just didn't come through clearly enough, so I will
speak more clearly on it, um, that I thought Microsoft should have addressed the way their,
you know, defective systems were, um, differently.
And sure enough, a few days later, they finally came around and did it correctly.
Like I said, address the situation, resolve it with your customers, you know, instead
of letting them speculate about what the problem is or how wide of an issue it is and
stuff like that.
That was my issue.
They cleared it up.
So I'm, you want gaming companies to stop the smokescreen like, yeah, if you don't say
anything, people are going to expect the worst.
So that's kind of what it is.
You know that Microsoft did it at the beginning of the Xbox, you know, three 16 launch kept
playing down, you know, how many systems were affected by the red ring of death or whatever.
And, um, you know, and people didn't believe them.
Yeah.
I don't believe you that a small percentage of them are being affected by it when I've
had six, you know, it's just, it was ridiculous.
So I don't know, I think I'm a hard on everybody.
And if I'm not, then I need to try harder.
You are to be fair.
You are pretty hard on everybody.
Uh, when, when, you know, shut up.
But you know, I, it is kind of part of the reason I also see, you know, granted, we had
a lot of feedback to last week's show in that regard, but I also get other feedback.
That's like, I live for Loki rants.
I am here for Loki rants.
What pissed Loki off this week?
I've got to have a rant.
So, you know, there's, there's that on both sides.
There's been things, we'll, we'll see what we're going to get to tonight in tonight's
show.
But, um, again, I just wanted to respond.
And even though I only read one comment there, cause it was something public on Facebook.
I just wanted to say there was other like chatter.
So you know, I hope, you know, again, if you feel like there's a point that wasn't addressed,
please by all means, email the show mailbag at orange dontre.com.
You can post on Facebook as to, uh, Twitter and all that.
Um, let's get into quickly.
We're going to have Matt on in about 10 minutes.
So we have a little bit of time to do some of our gaming weeks, at least, uh, dark soccer.
You were out last week.
What have you been gaming on the past couple of weeks?
Uh, Final Fantasy 14, which every time I've logged on, no one's been on.
So whatever.
Um, and, uh, I really, cause I'm on a lot well, it's during the day and you people have
jobs.
Yeah.
I started my job, my contract work.
So I'm very happy.
Um, yeah, I, uh, I bought, okay, actually, actually this is going to be a story, so maybe
this will take the 10 minutes.
Dan's birthday was Friday on black Friday and we were like last week we need to do something
really nice for Dan.
So I was trying to get people who wanted to get in to buy Dan a present with me and he
had said up and down, I don't want a download copy of Zelda.
I want the physical copy, so I'm not going to get the package, blah, blah, blah.
So me and Becky and our cousin-in-law Hannah and George and Amanda all got together and
we got the money together to order Dan a red, uh, 3DS XL and I bought him Zelda.
I went out and bought it.
Turns out while I'm sitting in the bank trying to get my, my, uh, business bank account set
up so that, you know, it can work, Dan says, look what I bought, picture gold, you know,
3DS.
So I call him, I go, you are so stupid.
And this guy is like sitting next to me playing like bejeweled on his phone and he's laughing
his ass off because, and so anyway, it ended up, you know, they just gave the monies for
Dan to pay back what he paid on the thing and we kept the physical copy.
He gave the e-copy to George and maybe you were going to do something where you bought
the Zelda one and then like you sold the code to somebody else who really wanted it.
So I just kind of thought that's how things would go, but I, I liked the way you guys
did it.
And for the record bones, it actually was me because I was using Becky me in a subjective
content.
Context.
So you never end with, you never use I as a subject.
I mean, as a, as a object, it is a grammar throwdown going on in our chat room anyway.
Don't you dare step to me in my grammar.
All right, moving on.
Come on.
I will conjugate you to death.
Anyway, so, uh, as it turned out, George ended up picking up a Fire Emblem for Dan because
Dan loves his Fire Emblem and Dan's been playing, uh, um, uh, crap.
I just forgot it.
Oh, uh, Ace Attorney.
He's been really into it and hasn't been sleeping because he's doing the damn cases.
Um, also, um, at any rate, uh, what I've been playing is since he beat Zelda in like four
days, I'm playing it now and I just finished, uh, the Eastern palace and I like a lot of
the throwbacks to the, um, link to the past.
It was, I pretty happy with it.
I think it was a worthy purchase and one that we're both enjoying.
So, uh, as far as other things, I'm playing, still playing the Stanley parable off and
on just so, you know, cause there's so many different endings for it, but I don't want
it to get stale.
So I'm playing it a bit at a time.
I bought a game called the Shiva, um, which is about a rabbi and it's, it's a kind of
a, a horror story from what it looks like or an investigative story.
So like a mystery.
So it looked interesting to me and it was cheap.
And then I bought, uh, some other game called 9.3 M or something.
I don't know.
It was cheap too.
And uh, I've just been trying to get through what's in my steam library and you know, I've
got a few more things on my list, so we'll see what happens.
But my goal is to play a different game every week.
That's in my steam library, library, my library.
That's that's a lofty goal because you know that, that those steam libraries build up
quick.
Well, I've got enough games to play a different game every week for the next 10 years.
So I think I'll be good.
I could do that easily for a year and a half, even just uninstalled alone right now.
I could do that for at least a year.
I can probably talk about, uh, my own steam library, but I made, I made a dent in the
backlog this week and I will get into that in just a little bit.
But dark soccer, if you are done with your gaming week, I am, then I think we're going
to go ahead and we're going to go over to the phones, uh, and we are going to get our
buddy Matt Kahn on the line.
Matt Kahn is the founder of GamerX and he is behind a new Kickstarter for Read Only
Memories, a new cyberpunk adventure.
So we're going to ask him about, you know, what's going on with GamerX and what's going
on with this new game and how awesome is Snatcher and so forth.
Uh, and I believe Matt is there.
Matt, you on the line?
I am.
Hey, how are you guys doing?
I'm great.
Welcome to Orange Launch Radio, Matt.
Great to have you here.
Yeah, I'm super excited to be on the show.
I really wanted to come on for a while, so.
Thank you.
Oh my gosh, we should have had you on last time you had a Kickstarter to promote because
I gave a lot of money to that Kickstarter and it was, it was, no, it was totally worth
it.
I had, and thank you for, for putting that together and I know you have a whole team
behind you and they all deserve kudos.
Uh, GamerX, I had a fantastic time at GamerX and that was a, that was a great experience
and um, yeah, I, I can't wait for GamerX too.
Awesome.
We're really excited to, uh, to have GamerX too happening, you know, like, uh, we, when
we didn't get, you know, the original GamerX, we weren't sure if there would be the, you
know, the outcry for a second one, but, uh, people seem to have a really good time, so
we're doing a second one and we're really excited about it.
Awesome, awesome.
If you guys have questions for Matt, you can join our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, I
got some questions of my own here and I'm sure some of us here in studio also have questions
for him, but I will be throwing in some of your questions as well as we talk about, uh,
GamerX and, and your latest Kickstarter and so forth.
Um, let me ask you a couple of things about GamerX.
So, so there is a GamerX too, that is happening this year, right?
Yep.
Or this next year, 2014, um, and I noticed one of the things I noticed right away, you're
like, the new venue is three times as big as the old one, right?
Yeah.
So, you know, uh, people seem to really like the con last year, um, but I think that, you
know, a lot of our, our, you know, um, first time kind of jitters showed off a little bit
in that, you know, we, we definitely overbooked the hotel.
Like, it was really crowded and, uh, we don't want people to feel, especially, you know,
with a, with a crowd like we have, like we don't want people to feel like it's a claustrophobic
or, you know, we want it to feel super comfortable and super homey.
And, uh, by going to the Intercontinental, uh, not only are we choosing a spot that's
really easy for people who live in the Bay Area to get to because it's right off BART
and all the major Muni lines, uh, but also it's, you know, it's so much bigger.
It's three times the size that, you know, even if we grow, you know, even double the
size of attendees, we'll have more than enough space to, uh, you know, make sure they're
all good and have a place to, you know, hang out and chill.
What would you say besides, uh, you know, cause, cause obviously this whole thing was,
was a real adventure for you from the Kickstarter to the execution and, you know, overall and
everything I heard about it was, you know, yeah, it was a little bit crowded, but you
know what, Oh, what a problem for a first year con to have that there's just too much
interest in it.
Right.
So, you know, most everything I was hearing was, it was really, really positive about
the convention and that's how I left, you know, pretty much feeling as well.
What would you say from this whole experience start to finish?
What was, what was the biggest lesson you learned that you could pass on to somebody
else who's thinking about maybe starting something of their own in their town or something for
whatever the cause is?
Um, you know, I think that, you know, we didn't, we, I don't know, because the thing that I,
I feel like I've learned the most is that, uh, you know, we went into gamer X or the
original one without having, you know, any real convention experience behind us.
And so we really overestimated the amount of, you know, major sponsors that were going
to come in.
And, uh, we spent a lot more money bringing in in terms of sponsorship.
Um, and so we were able to, you know, have a really awesome convention, but we spent
more money than we made, um, which is, you know, which is okay, but like when you're
running off of like, you know, we don't have any, any venture capitalists or anything,
um, you know, going into the red is kind of a scary thing.
Um, so I wish I had done better budgeting and also been a little bit more like, I think,
realistic with the fact that, uh, you know, because it was our first year, I think a lot
of companies were scared to kind of come on as, as, uh, as, um, sponsors.
And then also we got a lot of people who were just kind of like, they were too afraid to
kind of touch an LGBT thing, um, that it didn't really fit their brand.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Well now, okay.
So unfortunately I know our own dark soccer did not get to go to gamer X neither did Loki.
Um, but dark soccer is trying to make it at least this year.
I'm hoping.
I hope so.
You got it.
You got to come do a panel with me.
I had a ton of fun.
Uh, but, uh, our buddy here in studio, Jason actually went to gamer X and you are a straight
male who went to gamer X.
I very much am.
Were you persecuted?
Because some of the comments you read on the internet are like, I was scared in a fit.
No, not, not even a little bit.
I mean, I, the short version of this is that I was having a discussion about a month ago
about like the finer points, prejudices and all this stuff.
And I just kind of looked up and I said, screw the labels, be awesome to people.
It was the quick summary.
And I had a hell of a hell of a good time.
I was around plenty of people that I knew.
Uh, I met a couple of people involved, the, um, the guy that was doing visuals, uh, during
the performances on Friday and Saturday night, I wound up having a conversation with him.
I took over the booth for my coworker, uh, so he could go out and get some lunch.
I was talking to people for 30, 45 minutes.
It was as good as all the rest of the cons that I've been to better because it was even
more.
I go to anime cons.
They're okay.
It was more gaming centric and tech centric to an extent.
And I had fun with it.
Awesome.
Well, fun's what it's all about, right?
Uh, look at our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, uh, DK pop man says, I want to go to a con
and a code man says, I wish I could go to these cons.
Uh, unfortunately I know these guys don't live out here on the West coast.
So it's a little more of an investment.
Uh, Rama says a lot of straight people go to yaoi con.
So yes, they do.
All right.
Um, so let's see.
I want to, I know you're, I know you're really excited about gamer X map, but I know you
also have this Kickstarter going on right now for this game.
R O M or read only memories, which is a cyberpunk adventure.
Why don't you tell us a little bit about this game?
Yeah, sure.
So, you know, at gamer X, you know, we, we had a really great time and, uh, at the end
of the gamer X, we had, you know, our, our kind of, you know, dead dog, like, Hey, tell
us if you, what you hated or tell us your ideas.
And the thing that kept coming up in the question and answer was like, people were wondering
when we were going to do a game, they really liked our mascots.
And, um, it got us to thinking about the fact that like, you know, we have some really
cool mascots and, um, one of my big like things is like, instead of like, I don't believe
in complaining.
Um, like I feel like I could go out and, you know, and no disrespect to people that do
do this, but like I could, you know, uh, campaign to boycott things or make a video series or
do whatever, but I wanted to do something that I thought would, you know, create change
and like, so it created, I wanted to create this like safe, uh, space for, you know, queer
gamers.
And then in the same way, it was like, well, you know, we were in a position where we could
harass the EAs and you know, the Nintendos and Sonys and be like, why are there no queer
characters in games?
But we decided instead of doing that, like, let's just make a game that features gay and
lesbian and queer and trans characters in meaningful ways, isn't shoehorned in that
isn't like a joke.
And I think if we, if it does well and we can show that to people, um, I think that
we can kind of show the gaming world that, see like there is an audience for it.
It's not that hard to do.
Um, you know, like if anyone, if like, if we could do it without any experience and
just kind of like kind of starting from scratch, then you guys should be able to do it too.
And more selfishly, I mean, we want to make a game, like who doesn't want to make a game?
I love that.
Well, yeah, I remember one of the, one of the very popular panels at GamerX was when,
you know, one of the game designers got up there and said, all right, everybody, we're
going to make a game right now.
You're all game designers.
And I thought, I thought that was a really awesome approach to it because I honestly
looked at that and I went, oh my God, I wish I thought to do that for podcasting because
I'm so about like getting more people to podcast independent voices.
Why did, Oh, that was such a good idea.
You know?
And I just, I thought that was so awesome.
So yeah, make games.
You should do that next year.
I darn well might, Matt.
I might be talking to you off air about that.
Yeah.
So I mean like one of the cool things is like, I think you're mentioning Anna Antherby's
panel, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So, so she did a game workshop where she was teaching everyone how to use Twime, which
is a really easy to use system to make adventure games.
So one of the cool things is that our engineers who are working on the game, we have two guys
who are doing the programming right now, Ted Denola and Luke, sorry, Luke McCampbell.
And they're actually, they actually built a system where we actually, me and the people
who are non-technical, who are writing the story for the game, we're actually writing
out all the story stuff in Twime.
And they actually built a engine, a tool that will actually translate the Twime script into
Unity.
Oh, wow.
So that way, and then, so you know, once the game comes out, we're actually going to put
that tool up and that's going to become available for people to, you know, like use and like
other people to like use.
So hopefully it'll be easier for people who make Twime games to make visual Twime games.
That is a fantastic benefit to this Kickstarter that I want to make sure we call out here
and kind of highlight is that, you know, if, if, if this is successful and you're able
to put all that together, that can, that can be huge for other people wanting to do this,
right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's one of those things where like we, I think that there's a lot of people who
want to be able to make games like this and like, I have no idea how to program, like
I can't program at all.
And the guys who are making the programming of the game on our end, like they're pretty
much building out these systems so that way they're like, they can go, here you go, here's
what the, like they're basically making an RPG maker, you know, like basic system for
me.
So I can just go in and change the text, you know, add in what characters I want to have
and what places.
So that way they don't even, like I don't even need their help to make the game happen.
And once we have that there, like, you know, I feel like there's so many great stories
that should be told that I think Twime's great, but it'd be cool to be able to show some of
those stories in a more visual way.
Well, obviously, you know, when you talk about the visual and the presentation of the game,
there's many references in your Kickstarter, on the Facebook and so forth, to the gaming
classic Snatcher, which I know we here at OLR are very familiar with, you know, we love
Hideo Kojima and, you know, the things he's done.
And you talk about this in the Kickstarter and so forth.
What is it about that particular game that basically makes it like the framework or inspiration
or whatever you want to call it to tell your own story that you're writing?
I mean, well, Snatcher's definitely in my top five games of all time.
And looking at, you know, those top five games, Snatcher seemed like the one that would be,
you know, just from a more realistic perspective of like, what could we actually build with
a small team?
And, you know, a point and click adventure is something that we're like, okay, like,
that's something that we could definitely do and not overreach.
But it was also something where the setting of it, which is, you know, deep in the future,
in Snatcher it's 50 years in the future, so it's in the same, you know, vein, we're 50
years in the future.
You know, we can look at the way that the dynamics of queer culture have changed in
that, you know, back in the 20s, back in the 30s, if you had a kid and he was dating like
an Irish kid or an Irish girl or whatever, you'd be like, oh, you can't date those Irish,
you can't date the Polish.
It's like all that shit that like, by the 60s or 70s, no one even cared about that.
And then in the 60s and 70s, you know, you couldn't date out of your own race and things
like that.
And then people kind of, you know, like those people died off.
And now people are upset about people being trans or genderqueer or being, you know, gay
or lesbian.
And I think as people get over the gay and lesbian thing, then they'll start getting
over the trans and genderqueer thing.
And I think that by 2064, hopefully, you know, most characters in the game will have kind
of gotten over a lot of those things.
And so you'll see a lot more gay and lesbian and queer and trans characters that are in
positions of power or positions where they're not, you know, like on a different social
class as they're like, you know, comparatives.
But there'll still be other like, you know, prejudices, like whether that be people who
are against, you know, like I don't want my daughter to marry a robot, you know, they'll
definitely be, you know, like prejudices and like those things will always exist.
But hopefully, you'll be, especially if you're queer, you'll be able to play this game and
identify with gay or trans or queer characters that are in it that, you know, are, they're
not like just there because they're queer, and they're not going to be just good people
because they're queer.
But, you know.
Was that possibly a hint to the plot?
Because I picked up on, I know this is in the future, and you've got robots in this
game, and you just said, I don't want my daughter to date a robot.
Is that a little hint there?
What might be happening?
Yeah.
So, you know, there's a couple things that we want to introduce, you know, in the game.
There's definitely going to be people who are going to be like cybernetic.
You know, there's these devices called ROMs, and these ROMs can be, you know, we've only
shown off like how Turing looks, but ROMs can be really any size.
They can be, you know, like a wristband, they can be whatever.
Because you know, in the future, we're not going to really like need computers to be
much faster, and computer chips can be so small, they can really fit into anything.
So really, it's about whatever device fits your lifestyle, you know, the best.
And so, you may see people who end up becoming, you know, really dependent on those robots.
So you're going to see, you know, people who probably will develop relationships with their
ROMs.
Because, you know, like people even today, like they kind of fall in love with the internet,
and they're like, man, on the internet, there's all these people who, you know, like it's
a better life than in the real world.
That's very true.
That is very true.
You know, it's going to be interesting to kind of explore that, and one of the things
that I really want to explore with the game is, you know, I come originally from the tech
world, and I saw kind of how like kind of devious that people were in terms of trying
to get into people's privacy, and use that to, you know, do interesting stuff.
And I think that in the next 50 years, you'll see, you know, a real like all that privacy
will be gone.
And you know, like I think we're already kind of starting to see it, but it will be interesting
to kind of be able to talk about that, and actually have a little bit of experience of
like knowing some of the people who are actually like kind of putting these processes into
place now, and knowing kind of what they dream the future to be, and you know, living out
that world, and seeing if people like it.
Because, you know, there's going to be a lot of advantages to that.
Like your ROM will know the size of your clothes, and be like, hey, you need new boxers, and
there's probably, you know, H&M's having a sale, let's go right now, yay!
Interesting.
I like, yeah, the science fiction angle is pretty cool.
You've definitely got quite the story unraveling here.
I like this.
DarkSakura, you have something to throw in?
I was just saying, I was thinking about a little bit of a Shadowrun without the, you
know, extra fantasy elements that Shadowrun throws in, or I was actually getting a big
hit of rifts too.
I don't know if you ever did any tabletop RPGs?
Yeah, I played a little bit of Shadowrun.
So yeah, I mean, it's definitely something where like, you know, we want to kind of keep
it very close to that cyberpunk niche.
So you're going to see a lot of things that are, you know, like if you watch Blade Runner,
Snatcher, Rise of the Dragon, you know, anything that is like cyberpunk-y, like we're going
to try to keep that as much as possible.
While I think one of the biggest things that's changed is that in the 80s and early 90s when
a lot of these cyberpunk things came out, they never could have predicted for what the
internet would be.
And so in our game, we're going to acknowledge that the internet exists and that data is
like this unlimited source of data that can be transmitted anywhere at any time.
And it'll be interesting to see, but also apply kind of a lot of that cyberpunk CRT
monitor FM sounds, you know, like make it feel very 80s and a little backwards at times
too.
Once again, the Kickstarter is for a game ROM Read Only Memories.
If you want to check that out, unfortunately Kickstarter doesn't really have short URLs,
so I would encourage you to just search for that, Read Only Memories.
You can also back this and some of the rewards include, just for $6, it looks like, for $6
we'll get you the unlock code for the full version when it's released on Ouya or Mac
and PC.
Some of the other rewards, $20, this is the one that I actually personally did, where
you can get your name, company, or website in the credits, because I wanted to give a
little OrangeLawnsRadio.com love in the game.
Alright, I gotta ask, why the Ouya?
Oh, so, well, the cool thing is that they're gonna double our money.
Oh, okay.
Makes sense.
Basically, you know, all that we have to do is that when we launch the game, we're gonna
release it on Mac and PC, and if we hit a stretch goal, also Linux, and then also Ouya
at the same time.
So we're gonna release it on all four of those platforms.
That's right, I forgot that they open that up to where you can also publish on PC to
be qualified for their, you know, one of the games or whatever they call the thing.
So we're gonna release that game, and we're gonna release it on Steam and PC and Mac and
Ouya all at the same time.
And then, in the six months between when we release it on those systems, and then we release
it on iOS and Android, we'll spend those six months making sure that we fix any bugs that
may have been in the original releases, you know, making it suitable for touch screen
interfaces, you know, making improvements specifically for mobile.
So in actuality, it'd be cool if we released it all at the same time, but we can actually
use that time to make it better.
And yeah, I mean, like, it's free money, and it's something where, like, I'm a big fan
of the idea of the Ouya, like, I like the Android platform, I like the idea that people
can create anything and put it up there.
I mean, I know they've made a lot of PR mistakes, and I know that they're not, like, beloved
by everyone, and, you know, we knew that it wasn't gonna be, like, the best PR decision
to do it, but, like, there's really, you know, like, I still believe it's a good idea, and
I think that this is, like, that's the kind of system that our game would actually be
perfect for, where, like, a long-term story-based adventure game doesn't really exist on that
system, and, I don't know, I think that that might be something that PEW would be into.
That'd be pretty cool.
Let me, I wanna get to some of the chat room questions that we have, too, because we have
a few questions in chat, and I have a couple other questions I wanna ask, though.
One of them here about the music in the game, because I was, I was, I definitely noticed
you had some artists who agreed to help out with the game, Aethernaut, Ver, you know,
some names that people oughta know.
What kind of soundtrack you try to make with this game?
You know, so one of the things that was really cool about Snatcher was that, although, like,
it was a very, very simple game, like, it was just text, you know, select text, select
text, menus, it had really, really awesome visuals, but more importantly, because it
ran on Sega CD, it had really amazing music, and it was, you know, the music was way out
of proportion for the visuals, and in the same way, like, we wanna have very kind of
simple, kind of very, like, 80s, 16-bit visuals, but we want really, like, awesome music, and
so music has been one of the things that we wanted to focus on from the beginning, is,
you know, getting really awesome artists who want to come on, you know, come and be involved
with the game, and, like, you know, we actually just released yesterday on our Kickstarter
update, like, a style sheet of some of the songs that really influenced us, so, like,
you know, some of those include, like, games from the PC-88, and, like, the UNO field stage,
and Shin Megami Tensei IV, just all these, like, kind of, like, FM synth-y, very, like,
it's kind of hard to explain, but if you check out the list, we have just some of the music
that inspires us, and, um, Athernaut, and Vert, and Too Mellow, and all these people
that we're working with, like, they just really dug the vibe, and, you know, I think a lot
of them were big fans of Snatcher growing up, and they were really into the idea of,
uh, kind of giving it a try to, you know, making something cyberpunk-y.
Alright, I got one more question for you, and then we're gonna go to some of our chat
questions at live.vognetwork.com. It's not too late to get your question in if you have
a question for Matt Kahn, uh, with GamerX, and Read Only Memories. Um, Matt, I ask this
of everybody who comes on this show to pitch a Kickstarter, so I'm gonna ask you as well.
Um, the funding you're trying to raise for this $62,064, which is kind of a funny number,
but, um, what, what do you need that money for? Where is that money gonna ultimately
go?
Sure. So, um, couple things. So, you know, we, we've, we're working with a team of seven
people. Um, myself, I'm producing the game. We have, uh, John James, who's our lead artist.
Uh, we have, uh, I'm sorry, let me actually make sure I don't get any of his names wrong.
Luca Campbell and, um, Ted Danola, they're programming the games. Uh, Ted Danola is,
uh, he used to work at Zynga and Hubby Bunch Productions, and he's, like, was super duper
legit, and he's leading up the, the programming side of things. And so, you know, we've only
started, you know, really getting this program done in the last couple months, and things
have been ramping up super quickly, uh, with him. Um, and then we have, you know, uh, Tumelo,
and we have, uh, Fred, and we have, uh, all these other people who are working on the
music, and especially with, like, people like Athernaut and Vert, like, I could get
them to give us a good deal on music, but I'd rather that, like, they get paid a fair
amount for their work. Um, so, you know, we're just making sure, I wanna make sure that everyone
gets a fair amount, uh, you know, to work on this game. So between all those people,
and then we also have Shams, who's our CFO, mid-boss, and who's gonna be doing all the
fulfillment and stuff. Um, it's a lot of work, and, you know, so the money's mostly going
into paying, you know, those people. Then there's also the Unity fees, um, the, you
know, the actual distribution fees of getting those games out there, and then, you know,
uh, just, like, paying for, like, I wanna have more music, I wanna have more artists
come on board, and I wanna make sure they get, you know, treated right.
And I do notice you have some stretch goals to hopefully, hopefully if you can, uh, get
there, provide, uh, an actual soundtrack, OST, if you've backed to a certain level,
a Linux port, and possibly an art book at different stretch goal levels. But, uh, we
are looking at, uh, 11 days to go, and you've got about 20k to go. So you're, you're on
track, so, um, but, but, you know, every little bit helps, especially meeting those stretch
goals. Uh, if you guys are listening here at vognetwork.com, uh, or on the podcast feed
or on Stitcher, uh, definitely encourage you guys to check this out. Uh, you can keep tabs
on, uh, Matt's projects. Uh, gamerconnect.com would probably be the best place to send them.
I'm, I'm not sure where, where your hub is for, for all this.
Yeah. Well, I mean, we're actually making a bunch of changes right now, because, like,
you know, we, now that we're not just doing gamer acts, um, we're now kind of reforming
as mid-boss, in a way. So, I mean, now we have a game, and we have the, the, the convention.
We're working really hard on gamerconnect.com to get it up to, like, being something really
awesome. But it's just really tough, because it, like, it's basically, we're trying to
emulate a lot of features that Facebook has, and it's just hard with one person, you know,
programming it to keep it up. Um, but we, we actually just released, like, a new newsfeed
today, and we really want it to be a place where, like, if you're a queer geek, you can
go and talk about games and relax. Um, and, you know, we just need to put more work into
it and make sure that, like, it's, runs fast and looks good. And, um, part of that is just
we don't really have the money yet to, to hire people to do that. Um, but yeah, so if
you go to Gamer Connect, it has, uh, all, all of our projects. Uh, Gamer X 2 is next
July. Um, and you can get your tickets now. Um, and also, one of the cool things about
Read Only Memories is you can actually get tickets for Gamer X 2, uh, in the, the rewards,
um, for the Kickstarter.
Nice.
And, um, so, like, the, for the $79 level, that's only $9 more than a regular three-day
ticket. Um, and then for that, you get, you know, three copies of the game, you get the
beanie, you get the stickers, and you get a ticket to the con, and that money gets doubled
for us because of OUYA, so you're helping us out too. So, it's a good deal.
Awesome. Well, Matt, I hope we're not taking up too much of your time, but I do want to
get some chat questions, if you don't mind, just a couple quick ones here.
Yeah, sure.
Uh, DungeonBuster in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, asking, will ROM have action sequences like
in Snatcher? As good as Snatcher is, I think it could just stood well enough without them,
and if you do have them, will there, will there be an option to skip them?
Yeah, so, uh, I don't want there to be action sequences. Um, you know, I did not, so, I
didn't mind the action sequences in, um, in Snatcher. I actually thought that they were
okay. Uh, I, if you've ever played Policenauts, which is sort of like the spiritual sequel
in a way to Snatcher, um, I did not enjoy the action sequences in that. That was too,
like, with Snatcher, they had, like, the, um, like the grid format, they totally ditched
it for Policenauts, and this expected you had a light gun, um, so it's impossible to
play, like, as emulation or without the gun. Um, and then with Rise of the Dragon, it just
has the worst, awful, just disgusting arcade elements you've ever seen in your life. Like,
it's got this really cool gameplay, and then you go into the arcade elements, and your
character, when he jumps, he jumps, like, 30 feet in the air, and it just, it is, like,
it's disgusting. Like, if you, like, if you play it, you would be sick to your stomach.
Um, so that being said, you know, like, we also don't have, like, a ton of experience
with, you know, like, this is a pretty new team, and we have two really awesome programmers,
but, um, you know, I've seen what we're doing with the, uh, with the dialogue and inventory
and how we're working on that, and I feel like, you know, I don't want to shoehorn anything
in that isn't going to feel natural to the game. Um, if there is going to be minigames,
it would probably be more around, like, hey, you need to move these wires around to unlock
this puzzle. Um, so I would think that it would be more around, like, puzzle stuff,
and things, you know, that aren't, like, time-based or, or whatever, um, because I've, I've usually
found that in adventure games, uh, action scenes, while they're fun and they kind of
keep you on your toes, can be really, really frustrating, um, and not, and, and not very
fun, uh, because, um, um, it can be a blockade to progress the story, too, which I, I can
totally see that element of it, like, how many times have, like, forget it, I can't
get past this one thing in the game, forget it, I'm out, I'm out, and then, you know,
you would miss the story, so I, I totally, I totally hear you on that. Um, one more question
here from chat, this is a question about GamerX, uh, from SSJ100Matt in the, uh, chat room
at live.vognetwork.com asks, um, I understand this is still very new, but what do you see
as the future of GamerX, what is the next step, because this is a great idea that I
could see growing even more. Yeah, I mean, you know, our, our, the whole plan for GamerX,
we recently, you know, appointed a new president, whose, uh, name's Tony, and they are awesome,
um, and the, the idea for GamerX is, like, when we first created it, and when I first
created SFGamers, I wanted there to be a safe space for other, you know, gay and queer gamers
like myself, and I kind of used the word gamer because I kind of always kind of thought
that was a really super-inclusive word. Uh, you know, I always, but, you know, the more
I've, I've kind of met people, I've realized that the name is kind of, in a way, it can
be a little off-putting to straight people who want to come, and, and people who want
to come who aren't necessarily gay, uh, identifying, um, and I don't want the con to be something
where people feel uncomfortable going because of the name, or even because of the vibe,
you know, I want the vibe just to be a place where anyone, no matter whether they be gender
queer, or straight, or, you know, a furry, or an ally, or a trans, or bi, or just a woman,
anyone who maybe feels like they aren't culturally accepted by, like, the mainstream gaming media
to be able to come and feel like they're on an equal-level playing field where people
aren't going to judge you because of, you know, some preconceived notions of, like,
oh, well, you're a girl, so you can't play games, or you're gay, you can't play games,
or whatever, I mean, I think you look at, like, players like Scarlett, who almost just
won the world championships for League of, not League of Legends, Starcraft, and, you
know, who's a trans woman, and it's like, obviously, women and queer people can play
games, um, you know, I want it to be a place where everyone's treated with respect, but
I want it to also be a place where, like, if you're a straight person, like, I'm sick
of people being like, oh, I can't go to this because it's a gay event, I'm like, no, it's
like, it's not really like that, it's more like, um, almost, and I even hesitate to compare
it to this, but like an LGBT film festival, where it's like, you know, you might see some
films that have queer content in them, or you might have conversations that have, that
talk about some gay stuff, but like, for the most part, it's a gaming convention, and I
think that you'll find that most gamers, you know, care more about games than anything
else in their lives, but that being said, you know, the gays and the queers of us also
deserve to be able to feel comfortable and be able to flirt with one another in a safe
environment.
Um, an interesting response here from Queen Simia in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
says there's that, and I thought personally, if I attended GamerX as a straight cis woman,
I'd be invading a safe space.
I don't, I don't think that's the case at all.
No, no, I mean, like, you know, we actually had Anita Sarkeesian was there, and we had
a ton of really awesome women who came, who were just, you know, regular cis, you know,
just, you know, cis women, and, you know, they actually really enjoyed it, and like,
I feel like it's something where, you know, where it's kind of almost comparable to a
gay club, where it's like, a lot of cis women go to gay clubs in San Francisco because they
know that they'll be in a safe space, where they know that they'll be treated with respect,
and, you know, like, they're not going to be, like, groped on or, like, hit on, like,
unnecessarily, and just be able to dance and have fun, and in the same way, you know, like,
I think it's just, like, we, we, I think we as gamers, and by that I mean, like, queer
gamers, like, we don't want other people to not come.
I think that we want people to acknowledge who we are.
I think it, the more that people acknowledge, hey, that, you know, we are an existing group,
and that, you know, we're just like you and everyone else, like, that's really, really
important, because, like, I don't subscribe to that whole idea of, like, oh, we're making
gamer acts to make an exclusionary event, you know, you should only go to gamer acts
and don't go to PAX and don't go to E3, because, like, that's silly, like, people can go to
as many conversations as they want, what can I afford to go to, and this is just a different
experience that, like, one that, like, we're trying to kind of create, like, something
that's not really out there right now.
Yeah, you know, I gotta say, Matt, as, as somebody who, you know, for a period in my
late teens and early 20s, I literally thought I was the only gay nerd, like, I, I, there
was one, I thought I was the only gay nerd on the whole damn planet, so, to now, you
know, maybe, maybe now I'm in my mid-30s, but to see something like this happen was,
was really amazing, Matt, and I, I gotta thank you and your team for doing this, because
I'm, like, oh, my God, and I'm, I'm speaking from experience here, you guys, like, to be
that 18 or 19-year-old who is thinking that, like, I am the only gay nerd on the entire
planet to be, to be shown, like, no, you're not.
You're the only gay nerd in the village.
But, but, no, you're not, and to have, to, to kind of have that celebration, not just,
like, look, other gay nerds, but a celebration of all things nerd is just, I, it, it meant
a lot to me personally, and I was so happy to see it happen, so.
Oh, thank you.
I mean, like, that's kind of my whole goal with it, is, like, I think back to my 16-year-old
gay nerdy self and, like, how much of the time I would either hang out with gay people
and I would, like, have to hide being a nerdy, or I would hang out with nerdy people and
have to hide being gay, and I felt like I was living a lesser life than my true self,
and I feel like if people can look at GamerX and see there's thousands of other queer
geeks out there just like them, hopefully they won't feel like they're alone.
They feel, you know, the whole point of creating GamerConnect was so that way people can, you
know, can connect with their community and find other people in their community, and,
like, I remember, like, being in college and finding gaygamer.net and being, like, this
is what I've been, like, looking for my entire life, and I, I felt like if I can help other
people find that, like, that's, like, my calling in a way.
Uh, Jamie, you have one more thought here?
Oh, it wasn't a very big thing.
I was actually just wondering how the asexual turnout is.
Um, you know, we, so we don't obviously ask people at the door.
Well, I mean, but I was just wondering if there was representation.
Oh, yeah, I mean, so the thing is that, like, we, we try to accommodate, like, everything
in terms of, like, panels, like, I, I don't remember exactly what panels we had last year
off the top of my head, but I know that we had panels that, that, I know for sure that
we had panels that were submitted about, like, you know, it being asexual and being
in the community, and, you know, as someone who, I dated someone who was asexual, um,
I think that's, you know, like, I, I obviously don't think that there's any lifestyle that
isn't valid, but, like, I totally understand, and I want that, I think a lot of people have
a lot of ignorance about, um, people who are asexual, and I think that, um, more education
along those lines would be great, um, so, uh, although I can't, like, I can't speak
to the, to the attendance of it at that level, I would love to see more panels by people
who either identify as asexual, who want to talk about asexual, you know, ideas, especially
as they pertain to gaming, at GamerX, too, I think that would be super duper awesome.
It's, it's funny, I actually did have an idea for a panel.
Yeah, bring it on.
We better, we better write that down.
Asexuality and shipping, why it's a nightmare.
Uh, so, yeah, I, you know, GamerX, definitely a celebration of diversity, and I think it's
only gonna be a bigger celebration in this next year.
Uh, Matt, I wish you the best of luck with GamerX, too, and, uh, and your team, as well.
I know, I know, uh, Tony is, is leading it now, and, and, uh, it will, it will be fabulous
with the, uh, group that you helped assemble last year.
I know it.
Uh, and of course, with this game, Read Only Memories, a new cyberpunk adventure, please
check it out on Kickstarter, take a look at the video, and, uh, let's see if we can't
help, uh, Matt raise that $20,000 more they need to get it to happen.
Um, Matt, before I, I get any last plugs from you and let you go, I do have to ask you about
one other topic that's completely different, like, you were not prepared to talk about
this, you ready?
Yeah, I got it.
Alright, okay, I'm gonna bring it, because, here's the thing, now, DarkSakura, she doesn't
watch a lot of reality television.
No, I don't.
But, there is a show in Britain about Britain's worst driver, and they adapted it in Canada,
and you love you, you love yourself some Canada's worst driver.
I love Canada's worst driver.
Did you know that Matt, and this is on Wiki, so I know it's true, Matt was a contestant
on America's worst driver.
Really?
And, Matt, am I correct, now, spoiler alert, Matt, you won the whole damn thing, didn't
you?
Yeah, I am America's worst driver.
Oh my, now, I haven't watched the American one just because I heard that it was, like,
way too Americanized, because the Canadian one is just awesome.
It's like, we teach you how to do stunt driving, and you have to do all this.
It's very polite.
Yeah, well, it is, it is really, well, I don't know, there's this one girl who's kind of
freaking out on, they're doing worst driver ever this season, but what was it like for
you?
I mean, was it embarrassing to be on it, or did you learn something from it, or?
No, well, the thing is that, like, you know, at this point, I don't really care what the
challenge channel does to me.
I mean, so the whole thing was all scripted.
So like, each city that we went to, they would be like, okay, so the rules were, there was
eight, well, okay, so all scripted is maybe not exactly correct, so there's eight cities
that they would go to, and in each of the cities, they said, okay, so there's going
to be four contestants, and the worst driver in the city would have their car destroyed.
However, those contestants would then be brought back for the finale, where seven out of those
eight teams would win brand new cars.
So basically, they're telling you to lose, so that way you'd have a seven out of eight
chance to win a new car.
So in each of the cities, every single, like, it's super fake, because all eight episodes,
the people, everyone's trying to do the worst thing possible, and I was just able to win
in San Francisco, because I was trying to, I mean, I had a really crappy car, and so
I was willing to, like, basically total it on the show either way.
So I was just totally breaking all the rules, I was driving down Lombard Street and crashing
into shit, and I was having a blast.
If you watch the first episode, the first episode of the finale, first episode, I'm
having so much fun, I'm actually, like, I'm never tripping at all, like, I'm just like,
yeah, this is great, I'm having fun, and then in the finale, then it was, like, actually
a real contest, where they would have, like, elimination-style challenges.
It's something where they never let you watch the other people compete, and they don't have
any, like, times.
They have to be like, yeah, you won or lost, and someone during my SF thing actually carried
a stopwatch in their pocket, and the time that they got was completely different than
the thing they had in their pocket, which meant that they were like, yeah, this whole
show's fixed.
Anyways, as fixed or not, in the finale, I watched as, you know, as there's eight teams,
and I'm, like, super confident, and I'm just like, yeah, like, you know, I'm not a bad
driver, there's no way I'm gonna lose all these people, and I watched it go from eight
teams to seven teams to six teams to five teams, and, you know, watching my expression
and, like, I was wearing demon horns in the first episode, like, super fun, and, like,
having fun, and then by the time there's, like, three teams left, I'm like, shit, I'm
literally gonna lose.
I'm gonna lose not just my car, but, like, everyone else is gonna walk away with a brand
new car, which, before, they were like, oh, yeah, you can just take the value of the car,
so I was like, I'm gonna walk out of here with nothing, and then I got to two teams,
and I was like, oh, my God, and if you watch in the last scene where it's, like, me versus
the other team, like, me and my partner are freaking out, because I think we already know
that we're gonna lose, like, it's just pretty obvious it's, like, two, like, little shithead
kids versus, like, this, like, really, really, like, sweet, like, you know, like, older women,
not, like, older, but, like, you know, there are people who didn't deserve to lose versus,
like, two brats, and it was just, you know, I think I knew that, like, storyline-wise
we were gonna lose, I was panicking, and I wasn't driving well, and I lost, and then
they were like, oh, we're gonna, the Robosaurus is gonna destroy the new car, the person who
lost, and then, so, destroyed the car that I would have gotten.
Did they have Robosaurus in Canada?
No, this is completely different than the Canadian version.
Yeah, in the Canadian version, they basically pick, like, eight drivers from around the
different provinces who can't drive for a different reason, and then they actually go
through driver rehab, and if you get voted off, that means you actually were a good driver
when you graduated rehab.
If you win the whole thing, that means you are the worst driver.
You get, like, a trophy of crashed car parts.
Yeah, so we didn't get, we didn't get any training or anything, like, we just had the
first episode, and then they were like, come back to the finale, and they never gave us
any, like, training, they just were like, eh.
It just seems like the only similarity is the name, then.
Yeah, maybe, maybe.
Well, I had to, I had to bring, I know it has nothing to do with video games, but knowing
that Dark Soccer loves her, Canada is the worst, I had to ask you about that, and I
even see some comments in the chatroom, Code Man says, I've never watched this, but it
sounds awesome, Dungeon Buster says, it was cancelled after one season, yes, cancelled
after one season.
Dungeon Buster says, it was the worst show, it was so bad, I knew while we were filming
it was going to be cancelled, and it was so bad.
I love that you have a great sense of humor about it, though.
I just wonder if they had kept, like, the original format, if it would have lasted,
because, I mean, it's on its eighth season in Canada now.
We'll never know.
I bet you they would have, I mean, like, the thing is that when they're filming it, I could
tell it was going to be really bad, and then I found out the time slot was, like, Saturdays
at 10pm, travel channel, I was like, man, they have no confidence in the show.
Yeah, see, I've actually learned stuff watching the Canadian version, and I know Canadian
road signs now.
Are they that different?
I didn't realize.
There's some that are different.
Alright, Matt, we've got to let you go, thank you so much for having a good sense of humor
about that, and seriously, I mean it, I am so looking forward to GamerX2 and everything
your whole team's putting on, and best of luck with Read Only Memories, I hope you make
it.
Yeah, thank you so much for having me on, like, I'd love to chat more, and yeah, please
check out Read Only Memories, we still have tickets to GamerX2 on there that are, like,
super cheap, and if you back it on there, then we actually, we're just going to basically
double your money, so you're going to make a really awesome game on top of it.
Awesome, well best of luck to you guys, and yes, we'll keep in touch, and I will see you
at least at GamerX2, if not a heck of a lot sooner, because I'm in San Francisco, like,
all the time, so.
Yeah, we'll get some, you know, some really nice ethnic food, we can go get some Peruvian
food down in...
Awesome.
Good.
And then you can watch me have seven drinks, like I did last night, make a fool out of
myself.
Oh, right.
Alright, Matt, buddy, take care, and good luck.
Alright, man, have a great day.
Good.
Alright, take care.
Stop.
Alright, that was great.
I like him.
Yeah, he's fun.
He's fun.
Alright.
I'm trying to convince Dan to let me buy the $80 package.
Nice.
Dan, money.
Dan, package.
It's Hanukkah, for God's sake.
Well, it is, but he already bought me games, so.
Somebody give me 80 bucks.
Alright.
It'll go to a good cause.
It'll go to me.
I know that went on a little long, sorry, I think I ate more show than we intended to,
but Matt was a lot of fun, I had to ask him about the worst driver thing I had to.
Live.vognetwork.com, if you want to keep commenting.
You forgot to ask him what he was playing.
I did.
Shame.
What's more important, though, the where's the money going question or the what are you
playing question?
I think the more important one was the worst driver.
That was, that was the most important question.
Alright.
I'm sorry, that was awesome, and now I know that I'm glad I didn't watch the American.
Because I thought about going back to find it, because, you know, you know me, I've seen
every, except for the last two episodes.
You come in here all the time.
I hate TV.
I never watch TV, but Canada's the worst driver.
Oh my god.
It's cause I watch it on YouTube.
Alright.
We gotta get back to games.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, adult.
Quickly, let's try to get through the rest of our gaming weeks, and then some of the
news as well.
Loki.
So this week I played a few things.
I've been meaning to play Fallout New Vegas since last Steam sale, and so I finally got
around to playing it, and I did not like it, and I was so disappointed because I really
had high hopes for that game, and I just can't get into it.
I think it's just the game itself looks really dated, like I'm running it on Ultra, so it's,
you know, it doesn't look that pretty to begin with.
And I'm sure I could fix some of the stuff with mods, I just haven't gotten around to
it, and it's like I don't know if I want to spend the effort to do that right now.
But anyways, I just didn't like the setting.
I didn't like the story, because I didn't understand what the hell was going on, and
I just didn't like the way it played.
There's no fucking sprint for one, at least I couldn't find it.
So it was just, I don't know, it bugged me, it just rubbed me the wrong way I guess, and
so I don't know if I'm going to continue on with it.
That said, I also played Minecraft this week, just for a little bit.
I went ahead and updated my version I had on PC to get the latest thing, because they
just put an update out not too long ago, it's like 1.7.2 now.
I didn't realize that, I need to check it out too.
Yeah, they've got like, it's changed, like holy shit, the biomes now are really intricate.
Like I reloaded our seed that we had, and it's fucking terrible now, let's be honest.
I'm like oh my god, well this seed's terrible now, I hate it, I'm like in a fucking swamp.
Well what happened to my cool jungle that I was in?
So I just went ahead and, I just messed around with that for a little bit, but yeah, it's
pretty cool.
If you just do the new world seed or whatever, there's this huge fucking mountain that appears
right next to you, and that was kind of neat.
And then they also have the ones where you can spawn these really, I don't know what
they call it, basically exaggerated versions of the different biomes and stuff, almost
like extreme or something, and it looks really unique.
Very tall mountains and stuff.
I haven't gone around to setting up the multiplayer server, so I don't know about that yet.
Then also, I'm hoping for a VoG Minecraft server comeback in 2014, I'm hoping.
I have all the information to do it, I just haven't gone around to it.
There's no more Team Fortress 2 servers, so maybe I can redirect the money.
We have, well no, no, we have, Gali has offered us his server, so.
No hate against Team Fortress 2 by the way, I still love Team Fortress 2, it wasn't really
being used.
Yeah.
Next game.
Gali has a server up, but that's the thing that was getting people on it, because it
was a ghost town, most of the time.
That's kind of the problem with anything that we do, even Team Fortress 2 and stuff, it's
a ghost town most of the time.
So I don't know, and even Creative Mode gets boring after a while, survival at least, there's
something, if you're playing on your own, there's stuff that you can be doing, whereas
it's like, if you go into Creative Mode, it's like, okay, I'm gonna look around at what
people made, and what am I gonna build now?
Fuck if I know, I don't know.
So it's, there's just no happy medium there.
Okay, so anyways, enough Minecraft, and actually, it was just because I was installing it on
my friend's computer, so, because he has an account, he used to play with us occasionally,
and now I built him a PC, so I put it on there for him.
And then Steam Sale, I've been looking at stuff, I almost bought a lot of things, but
the only thing I bought is just the season pass for Saints Row 4.
Now I know I said I wasn't gonna do that, but it was on sale 66% off, and I feel that
the price of that is definitely worth what they're giving me, although what it gave me
instead of really shitty DLC was a thing that broke my game, and so now I had to uninstall
it, and I have to reinstall it and see if that fixes it.
I thought at first, oh, it's because I have mods that I made and put in there and stuff
like that, well I took all those out and it still didn't fucking work, so I'm a little
disappointed that it broke the whole game, so we'll see if I reload it, maybe it'll fix
itself and I can start slowly loading the mods in and see if that works again, but I'm
just, it's annoying, to say the least.
And then LittleBigGrandpaThoughtOfFive did a, got in the back of a train and got five
stars and was sniping people with my sniper rifle and stuff as Trevor, so that was kind
of fun.
I have to bring this up, you mentioned Steam Sale and Dark Soccer, because it was like,
oh, 6 o'clock, new Flash sales, so she just loaded it up on her iPad, and literally at
the same time we both pointed and went, Deadpool!
I don't care how shitty this game is, I don't care how shitty it is.
I'm getting the fucking Deadpool game because fuck, it's Deadpool, and I'm a consumer whore.
It's one of those nights.
Nah, I was trying to get Bobby to buy Saints Row, they had it down at $19, so I was like,
okay.
But yeah, so I've been good, I've been thinking like, okay, I'm gonna buy these games, like
I almost bought Fallout 3, almost bought, what was it, Far Cry 3, almost bought Rise
of the Triad, because that was down to like $5.09.
Still might, I don't know, but I'm looking at my library of games I have and I'm like,
I haven't played most of this stuff.
If I buy these, I'm not gonna play them either.
You need to make a resolution of yourself like Dark Soccer did, that you'll play one
a week.
I'm not playing one a week, okay, that's not gonna happen.
The wife is expecting a new baby soon, and so that means more than you might think right
now, Logan.
But like Bioshock, for example, Bioshock Infinite came down to about $7 on Gamefly.
I was like, you know, I should just buy it for that, but I'm like, no, I fucking played
through it on Xbox 360, am I really gonna play through the game again?
No.
Why am I cluttering my fucking account with these games I'm never gonna play?
So that's kinda where I'm at.
But there is a nice gap between now and when more games are coming out, so I do have time
to catch up.
I do want to play more Grand Theft Auto 5, but my wife has been wanting to watch Hulu,
and she doesn't like the Playstation 3 controller, because if you set it on the couch the right
way, or not the right way, it accidentally taps one of those analog sticks and fast forwards
and she throws a fit, I'm like, ugh, fine, so, you know, and I wanted to play with my
360 character to get it up to where my PS3 character is, but I may just have to go PS3,
I guess.
Alright, anything else?
We gotta keep moving here.
I can't log in.
Aww.
Well, the good news is you-
I'm still gonna get home.
Yeah, you have until, like, 2 AM.
Alright, I'm gonna try to quickly go through my gaming week.
A lot of the usual suspects, a lot of the same stuff I talked about this week, continuing
to progress in Zelda and Mario and so forth, but I also fell victim to the Steam sale,
I picked up a few games, I'm gonna try to make this quick, a few games I picked up.
DLC Quest, I bought.
I did remember what the game I bought was.
What's that?
Shadowrun.
Oh, okay.
Oh, what were you talking about earlier?
Yeah.
DLC Quest.
Like, I like DLC Quest as like a commentary, and obviously it's a little bit biting on
the state of DLC and so forth.
It was a dollar on sale, and that's- it was a fun little adventure game, a little silly,
it's not particularly difficult, I beat it in one sitting.
There is an expansion, like the freemium isn't free or something like that was the expansion,
and I'm in the middle of that right now.
The game's not really particularly difficult, and at its core, you've really played a game
like this a thousand times, because since the coin is, you know, the coins that you
used to get the quote-unquote DLC are just things you pick up in game, we've all played
that game where it's like, now you have to get this item to go unlock this door.
Now you need to get this item to get past this- you know, we've all played a game like
that before, it's a very common formula in games.
I'm not razzing this game for that, because again, it's a budget game, it's an indie game.
It's also pretty old, too.
Yeah, it has been out a little while, and you have to remember it's more a commentary,
and it does have a funny little script to it, and I did lol a few times, so you know,
for a dollar or even three dollars or whatever they're asking for it normally, it's a fine
little evening jaunt through DLC Quest, so check that one out.
I also checked out a game called Splunky, which I'd been wanting to check out for a
long time, and then finally when it hit, what, four bucks or whatever it was, I was like,
I like this game an awful lot, I am fucking terrible at it, but I find that I'm learning
more and more.
I'm gonna tell you what I love most about Splunky, I am a whore for roguelike games.
You know, the roguelike games, like Back to the Old School Rogue, and you know, Rogue
Legacy even is like a roguelike game, obviously, Splunky's kinda like that too, and you find
more layers of the game as you progress, like, oh, I've never seen this item before, what
does this do?
You know, all the levels are randomly generated, it's fun, and one thing I love a lot about
it is it really reminds me of a classic PC game, but kinda done in modern context.
I don't really know how else to put my finger on it, but I just feel like when I'm playing
it, I'm playing like an old game on the Commodore 64, but that looks like a game on the PlayStation
3 or the modern PC or what have you.
So I enjoyed Splunky, I was surprised there's no internet multiplayer, but there's local
multiplayer, but there are like challenge boards where one, you know, you'll have a
certain level set that you can only play once per day, and you go as far as you can, and
once you're done, you're done.
There's a whole community around this game, like live streams of people doing that and
so forth, so I enjoyed Splunky, I think I got it at a steal, I think the game is worth
whatever they're asking for, normally like $15 or what have you, right?
So Splunky, I will probably be talking about this game more in future weeks, we have a
little more time.
Last game I picked up, Gone Home, I bought for $5 and it was on sale, and I will tell
you this, I was, I started Gone Home at about probably 9 o'clock on Friday night, I just
kind of said, alright, I need to check out this game finally, I started playing it, I
did not get up out of my chair, except maybe to use the restroom and get water, until I
beat the game at about 1am, so I played this thing from start to finish, I was really into
it.
I will say this, and this is probably a common thing you're going to hear about Gone Home,
it's not really a game, but it's definitely an interactive story, I feel like it's best
described, this is how I felt about it, it's like a first person movie, imagine you control
the movie, that's kind of what this game felt like to me, at its core, I could probably,
I'm not going to, but I could probably spoil the whole damn thing for you in three sentences,
like the whole game, I'm not going to do that, because that would be a dick thing to do,
and I think watching the layers of it unfold, it's not so much the punchline quote unquote,
like I could tell you those three sentences that would ruin the game for you, but at the
same time I think it's about how we get to that, and all those really kind of unsettling
things and the way things are presented in the game that really made this game a very
special experience, I'm just going to say it's not for everybody, because some people
are going to play this and be like, wait a minute, this is not the game I was expecting
at all, so you got to be prepared that it's going to be a little bit more of a story that
slowly unravels, and there's really not like challenge to it per se, there's no monster
that's going to jump out from behind the curtain and eat you to death, although you
might get that impression from what you see about the game and so forth, it's actually
very much not like that at all.
My one issue with the game is that because I think it was trying to present itself one
way and then kind of end up being another sort of story, I feel like there were things
in a context that weren't fully explored, I'm being vague on purpose because I don't
want to ruin this for you, but I felt there were certain things that didn't really get
explored enough.
When the game ended, I did feel resolution, I felt satisfaction, I felt like, wow, that
was a good movie I just watched, like I really felt that when I finished the game, except
I was like, but what about that subplot?
What about this subplot didn't really resolve, I'm not sure if I missed something or something,
and I'm trying to think of a non-spoilery way to say this for people who have played
the game.
The uncle, I'll say that, so if you've played the game you'll notice, but the uncle, I kind
of feel like that was left unresolved for me, whereas everything else was fine.
So for $5 it was definitely worth it, I think the game normally is like, what, 10 or 15,
I just want to caution you, although I felt it was good and you would pay 10 or 15 for
a movie, some people may not feel the value when it's only going to take you 3 to 4 hours
to beat, if that, some of you will probably fly through it faster than me, I'm very, you
know, OCD with the games and looking at every little corner, which actually pays off in
this game immensely, I just want to kind of warn you that.
Now there are some things they do to try to enhance the value, like there's a director's
commentary mode you can play through and so forth to try and encourage a second play and
so on, but I just want to warn you, if you're expecting like, oh I'm going to buy this game
and it's going to give me hundreds of hours of satisfaction, think of it more like a movie
because that's kind of what it is, it's more like an interactive movie, but I sort of,
I sort of really love, how do I put my finger on this, I just kind of love what I think
this game may have started, for, that was incredibly distinct and clear, I know right,
I feel like this is going to be the first, or maybe not even the first, because I can
think of other games I've played like this, but I think this is going to be a definitely
notable, and you're seeing it getting game of the year nods and so forth and so on, I
think this is going to be one of those games where we look back and we go, you know, this
is the point that this art form really started to take off.
I guess that's the best I can say without like totally ruining things, sorry guys.
Alright, anyhow, clear as mud, I know right, right there with you, alright, if you want
to talk spoilers we can maybe later, I gotta wait for the six months to be out, has it
been out for six months, when it's been out six months I can talk spoilers, because that's
the agreed upon moratorium on spoilers right, I'll encourage you don't go out there and
spoil it for yourself, because again it could be spoiled for you in three sentences and
there's some real dickheads that spoil it in comments and so forth, I really think it's
best experience getting in there and doing it, alright, Jason, quickly, your gaming week.
Pretty light week because Monday through Wednesday we're spent wrapping up everything at work
and then I've been around doing a lot of different things, my sale haul was that I picked up
a two pack of Divekick and I need to figure out what to do with the second copy, I picked
up Splunky as well, Final Fantasy 7, the Bioshock triple pack and Counter Strike Go, still not
entirely sure why because I've never been good at that game or anything of the sort
but I have it and Raginator has thanked me numerous times both in chat and then he mentioned
it when he called into Bobby's show, Bobby Black Wolf, 6pm Pacific, 5pm Pacific, 6pm
the time zone you're used to, so close, as he sat on his call I picked up the Saints
Row pack for him, he was talking about it, he wanted some stuff to play, it was dirt
cheap and it is a lot of content, I really enjoyed Saints Row 3, so I threw the pack
his way, because I've been moving around so much this week I've actually gotten back into
the mobile swing of things again, I picked up Sonic Dash which is just an endless runner,
time killing kind of game, I've been very addicted to Quiz Up in the last week or two
and me and Rob played around with it the other night, that is a fun little iPhone game, very
fun, it's very well curated, which means in 60 days we'll no longer be playing it, that's
what happens to iPhone games, and then there was the other, was it just those two, I feel
like there was a third game that I've been playing, Phone or iPad rather often, but probably
just Quiz Up and Sonic Dash, the usual suspects, a little bit of Rogue Legacy, a little bit
of FTL, FTL randoms were abysmally terrible and I just got destroyed before I even hit
like the third sector, and a couple more power ups in Rogue Legacy, still plowing through
that, trying to get further, pick up more equipment, pieces of equipment and upgrades
and all that, the usual.
Alrighty, let me quickly do some housekeeping and then we'll go into the news for tonight,
so as always I do want to encourage you guys to follow us on Facebook, Facebook.com slash
Orange Lounge Radio and then we'll also be on Twitter, Twitter.com slash O-L-R, I want
to address the YouTube expansion real quick because last week I mentioned I put the show
up on YouTube, it took me a little while to do and so, and I've kind of been able to watch
like oh how was it received this week and so forth, so I kind of made a decision on
how we're going to kind of treat the YouTube thing going forward, so this is how it's going
to work is that we will post the episodes to YouTube, obviously there will not be video
so there's just going to be audio for archive purposes, we will post the shows to YouTube
but we're going to post them on a one week delay and you might be thinking like what,
why would you do that?
Well because I love the idea of like YouTube for like the archive purposes and so forth
and kind of being able to go find your favorite parts of the show and so forth and all that
but I'm going to just keep it real with you guys, we want the hits at OrangeOnTrader.com
and BogNetwork.com, I mean YouTube is great for discovery and so forth and branching out
to that audience but it really helps us in being able to you know get into, sell the
show as media and help with events and so forth if we can get the hits with OrangeOnTrader.com
and so forth so the podcast and Stitcher and TuneIn and those sorts of apps that tap into
the official podcast feed, those are the ways we sort of prefer that people listen to the
show so those are the ones that we're going to support with the immediate Sunday night
uploads but we will continue to support YouTube on the delay, I will say this though just
so that if you're like a YouTube dedicated person I don't want you to get upset because
definitely we're exploring what are other ways we can actually get involved with actual
video on YouTube, I know I've been doing that a lot through my own channel, plug plug Rob
Roberts Plays, plug plug and I'm sure there will be more stuff to come in the future so
stay tuned for you know things that aren't just audio archives of the show and hopefully
some more interactive content over on the YouTube. Alright let's get into some gaming
news, we're going to try to move through it quickly because we're already an hour twenty
minutes into the show but we'll try to get through this quickly, Loki why don't you start
us off with some news tonight. Alright so as we mentioned last week there have been
some people using Playroom on the Playstation 4 as a means to kind of broadcast themselves
almost like a talk show format or whatever and some people have been abusing that to
broadcast themselves doing pornographic things which I'm personally fine with but apparently
Twitch isn't so because of that Twitch has momentarily removed the Playroom content from
the directory because they say the majority of it was non-gaming related and they may
add it back later on if you know the gameplay stuff is more gaming related later on I guess
I don't know so oh well it's all it takes is a few people to run it for everybody. This
is I mean there was a part of me that was like oh that's so frustrating I mean it's
not that I'm like sitting here going oh Twitch shouldn't have done that I mean they kind
of had to because people were you know abusing it or whatever but I was just like damn it
really sucks that there wasn't a way to really kind of manage that and I don't know what
you could do I mean it's the whole infamous TTP joke we make here on Orange Lawns Radio
where you put a new peripheral out there and what's the time to penis how long before somebody
puts their dick in it or shows their dick on it or so forth. Or draws a dick. Exactly
as we found with this it wasn't very long at all and that's why it's you know gotten
pulled and so forth there were some really disgusting things that were going on on Playroom
like I'm not I'm not just talking about like showing body parts there's really disgusting
things happening. Yeah I saw them. So yeah well so I understand completely why they pulled
it but damn it because there was some great potential there for people to start their
own homegrown broadcasts and get voices out there and so forth I guess you could still
you do that on Ustream so I would encourage you if you were one of those people that was
like shit I could have used Playroom to start my podcast or to start my video show don't
let that discourage you completely you could feasibly still do Ustream it's gonna be a
little harder to build an audience but you know what you gotta start somewhere. Or you
could probably get drivers for that camera eventually and. Yeah that'll happen too. I
don't know I think that has a special adapter for it though or a special like proprietary
plug or something but you know they'll come out with something I mean they did it with
you know with the Kinect and stuff so that and honestly it doesn't probably cost too
much to get you know some sort of webcam and a lot of computers have webcams built
into them or even laptops and stuff so you know I wouldn't say you can afford a you know
PlayStation 4 you probably could afford a you know a webcam if you really wanted to
do that. Yeah so yeah and I'm all for more voices more broadcasting getting out there
so just you know kind of on a side note but damn you people that had to go do nasty shit
on Playroom and really ruin it for everybody. Jerks. Alright moving on some changes going
on with Miiverse and this has to do with the integration between the 3DS is gonna be coming
on board and they're getting Miiverse so there's been some changes with Miiverse that happened
this past week and obviously this is to support this whole consolidation. Some new display
options in the community list you can display more communities at once there's also gonna
be communities based on categories like Wii U software, Virtual Console and assumably
3DS and so on. Your profile will no longer display the total number of YAS you've given
which was basically how many inches your Nintendo E-peen was was right there on your profile
like how many people have clicked like on my post that's not there anymore so there's
no more competition I suppose. You can still see your YAS on individual posts. Also the
default display setting in the community when you entered the community before you
would see everybody's posts. Now it defaults to only showing you posts from people who've
actually played the game. You can take that out and look at every post if you want to
but I kind of understand that change. I do. You want the discussion to be people who've
actually played the game. It's unfortunate for the people who might be popping in there
to ask is this you know would I like this game but there's other places on the internet
you can go for that really. The Miiverse integration of Mario 3D World is a lot of
fun though. I really crack up at some of the stuff I see. Miiverse is so interesting. Just
when you think Nintendo really doesn't understand online whatsoever you kind of look at Miiverse
and go nobody's really doing that and it is kind of neat like when it works. Anyway one
other thing that is neat to be a part of if you're lucky enough to be there you might
actually get a free Wii U console if you end up on the right Southwest Airlines flight.
Yeah a Southwest Airlines flight. Apparently Nintendo and Southwest Airlines partnered
up. Nintendo is like the official video game company of Southwest Airlines. There's gaming
lounges in some of the heavy traffic Southwest airports which would be what like Las Vegas
I imagine has got to have something and they're giving away games and so forth and Flight
1883 which went from New Orleans to Dallas Love Field last week they gave over 100 passengers
a brand new Wii U console. So it's just kind of different ways to I mean we might be sitting
here looking at that going that's kind of weird but it's just marketing it's just different
ways to market you know. Sony's doing something about PS4 on Facebook so yeah one of their
those reblog campaigns. Yeah they gave away two of them at the Sharks game last night.
So you know and I'm sure an Xbox they they went to some YouTubers houses and were giving
them Xbox. Some of their vocal critics were giving them Xbox ones. Francis was the one
that saw one. Apparently they're not listening to our show. I know right. That was the only
reason you were so mad. Loki you were just trying to get a free one. I'm not mad at all.
Like I said I'm not going to turn down free but you know. Anyway so yeah Fly More Southwest
I suppose if you want to possibly win a free Wii U. That's a good excuse to go Southwest
as your airline. I don't know what. The most entertaining flights I've ever had were Southwest
flights. That's true. Let's just go to Disneyland a bunch. Well see I do not not again we're
not commercially endorsed but I do have to give JetBlue a shout out because I do love
those TVs because I flew cross country and watched five hours of SpongeBob SquarePants.
Best flight best flight ever took to New York City. That sounds awful. For the record. Haters
gonna hate. For the record. What. Crap what was it. It wasn't Delta. It was something
I when I flew to Alabama. Seriously the worst thing ever. It was US air I'm sure. Oh American
American Airlines. Awful. All right. What do you have for us. I have some crap because
this is a bunch of crap. So once again Shenmue three ain't happening. That whole trademark
application. Fake. Sega's like no. Didn't we tell you this for the last ten years. No.
Now I think there's a silver lining to this we'll get into later in the show but there's
another fake too. Go ahead. For a Fallout 4. Well it's gonna happen eventually. We all
know Fallout 4 is going to happen. But the one that's up right now has like a fake trailer
and everything and it's no. So and you know there's been a ton of this with Blizzard related
products to a fake trademark. So you know I think the lesson we all need to learn from
these various fake trademark stories. Stop running with articles. Just stop on trade.
Just stop. But trademarks don't mean anything anymore. So trademarks patents stop. Yeah
probably something else too. IMDB pages. Stop. Yes stop. All of it. Not news sources. These
are no longer credible news sources done. You're saying 4chan's not a reliable news
source. I hate to offend but you know I just. In places I think to go for gaming news that's
not really at the top of the list. Biting gaming commentary perhaps but not for gaming
news. For the record SpongeBob is the devil. Whatever. Hater. He's not the devil he's too
dumb to be the devil. Alright. I seriously tried to watch that episode an episode of
that and I thought I could feel my brain melting. It was awful. It's just fucking Ren and Simpy
under the sea. That's all it is. I mean Ren and Simpy was cool. Do you hate Adventure
Time too because that shows. No I love Adventure Time. I don't get you because I love Adventure
Time too. But I heard the game is not so great. A friend told me that the game is like it's
only fun if you have like multiplayer but like a single player it's the why why are
we in the dungeon. I don't know or whatever that game is called. I've heard it's great
for multiplayer but for single players. I almost picked it up. Yeah. Yeah. If we find
it on sale we should do a multiplayer. I found a used copy. Just tell me which system you
guys get it on and I'll bug my D3 rep to give me a copy because he loves me so. How about
you get three copies. Yeah I don't think that's gonna work. Or four Jason wants one too. Alright
let's travel around the world and check out release dates. There might not be a lot but
we'll try anyway. Release dates. This is easy because I already memorized this one. There's
only one game coming out this week and that's Gran Turismo 6 and it's on Friday. Nice. On
PlayStation 3. Lots of cars. Pretty big. Pretty big game. Yeah. We don't have to wait three
years. Alright and so it will actually be happening. Now how can we prove to Bobby Blackwolf
that the game will actually be coming out because he doesn't think Gran Turismo 5 ever
happened. This is actually happening. It hasn't been delayed. They announced it was coming
out you know quarter four 2013 and we're in quarter four 2013 no delays so we're all good.
So what we need to do is we need everybody to go to like you know your local game store
wherever it is when you see Gran Turismo 6 sitting on the shelf you need to take a picture
of it and put it on Twitter. Hashtag believe me Bobby. And and you can drive on the moon.
Get the fuck out. You can drive on the moon. You can drive on the moon. Is it moon patrol?
No they have a moon you have a moon lander that you can drive and there's actual achievements
for driving on the moon. If you can have aliens and Bill Clinton in a hot tub at the end of
Cruise and World then you know. Alright going to Japan you have a little more to look forward
to this week. Gran Turismo 6 is there as well but there's some other games as well. Metal
Gear Rising Revengeance gets a special edition on the PlayStation 3. Daikokai Jidai Online
Gran Atlas is released this week. Kaihu Shoujo Sin in regular and limited edition also this
week and there are Gran Turismo 6 PlayStation 3 bundles this week so if you're in Japan you've
been holding out on a PlayStation 3 and maybe this is the game that's going to do it for you
believe me Bobby it's out in Japan this week so there you go. Also the Walking Dead comes out in
Japan. Is this the I'm trying to look real quick oh this is the Telltale version the good one not
the crappy shooter this is the good Walking Dead comes out in Japan this week I imagine it must
finally have been localized and that's why it's just now getting released. Remember if it's
survival instinct use your instincts to not buy it. Yes absolutely no this is the good Walking Dead
coming out on PlayStation 3 this week in Japan. Going to the Xbox 360 Batman Arkham Origins on
360 this week also there's an Xbox 360 slim with a 320 gig hard drive being released this week I'm
not sure what that's in celebration of it just an excuse to get another 360 on the shelf I suppose.
On the Vita this week Batman Arkham Origins is there as well and there's a new lime green white
pink black and light blue white Vita's those those models are making their way out this week. Also
tear away which has been getting really good reviews over here I haven't played it myself
yet but tear away finally gets its release on the Vita this week in Japan and looking at the Wii U
and the 3ds you have Batman Arkham Origins on Wii U also Dragon Quest 10 the which is the Dragon
Quest online this must be some type of price reduction oh no it's the Wii U version because
it was originally out on Wii so the Wii U version finally makes its entrance to Japan this week and
all those of us in America are just sitting here going when do we get a turn and the answer may be
never unfortunately but on the Nintendo 3ds bravely default for the sequel Geist Crusher
Inazuma 11 Go Galaxy Big Bang and Galaxy Supernova and some Hello Kitty purses and pouches four
your 3ds LL or XL but LL Japan are released this week because you know you want a my melody pouch
in pink or red. No I want a Duffy case give me a Duffy case for my DS. Stay tuned all right those
are the releases in Japan so much busier week in Japan than here in the States how about the UK?
A little busier on the fourth we have dark out for PC on the fifth Space Hulk on iPad Speedball
2 HD steamworld dig for Mac and PC and bravely default for the sequel on 3ds and then on the
sixth the Scribblenauts Unlimited for 3ds and Wii U. All right just a few more stories for you guys
than the classic game of the week but first Loki. I just realized that Just Cause 2 multiplayer is
coming back or is coming to steam that's fucking awesome so seriously buy Just Cause 2 if you
haven't already because it's like two bucks multiplayer without but like the thousand people
at a time. You're given an awful lot of endorsements tonight. Dude it's a it's a sandbox game with guns
and vehicles and stuff and grappling hooks with a thousand people at one time. I mean come on that
sounds fucking awesome. Granted that should have been especially with grappling hooks. Anyways
so Microsoft of course you know they're gonna be launching the Xbox one in Japan later on in 2014
and to go along with that they are teaming up with some developers or Japanese developers to be exact
to offer some games that may be exclusive to the Xbox one platform and of course those haven't
been revealed yet but they will be full Japanese games and not like you know digital games like
Panzer Dragoon or something like that and of course announcements coming later on about that
I'm not sure where they're supposed to announcement or you know announce all that stuff but soon
hopefully since I want to say they're launching in the spring I may be thinking PlayStation 3 but
I don't know that's kind of neat at least they're seems to be taking it kind of seriously you know
so maybe kind of a turnaround for what we saw in the 360 Microsoft really wants to get their foot
in Japan Japanese households maybe we'll see something like you know we saw with like Blue
Dragon and stuff like that you know maybe something along those lines I imagine too this is
timed because the Xbox one is not out in Japan but perhaps they're gonna start you know before it's
released there in 2014 they're gonna really start to get some of this news out here you know they
got there they have leveraged Square Enix to give them another Dragon Quest game maybe Dragon Quest
you know was it 11 11 or so maybe on 11 now because they're probably not gonna get 10 well
never say never you know and the end if Microsoft reverses its policies Microsoft could get Final
Fantasy 14 realm reborn too it's it's known that Square Enix wanted to do it for 360 and it's just
Microsoft's the one that did not but they they will not budge on the cross servers thing that
and I I props to Square Enix for not budging on that so it'll be interesting if they can kind of
sit together at the table they did it for 11 they can do it for 14 that would be interesting very
interesting all right um also interesting of note news coming out of Japan Super Mario 3d world the
sales figures are in and well unfortunately it doesn't look great there's some conflicting
reports about how much it's sold media create says they sold just under a hundred thousand
units of Super Mario 3d world and for me too says it was about 107 K so either way you're looking at
about a hundred thousand sold here's the thing to put that into perspective Mario 3d land three
hundred and forty four thousand that's the 3ds one Super Mario Sunshine two hundred and eighty
thousand which you know of the modern games it seems like sunshine gets dumped on the most I
just thrown it out there Super Mario 64 on the 3ds the remake hundred and twenty still sold more
than Super Mario 3d world now I'm not saying this are those like lifetime sales or is that no first
week sales are all first week so oh no god oh all those games sold over a million except for
Sunshine actually didn't in Japan sunshine ended with seven hundred and eighty nine thousand and
change but here's the thing I don't want this to be like oh we're kicking Nintendo while they're
down or the sky is falling or whatever but I bring this up because you know I I you know Nintendo
ain't going bankrupt so stop those rumors and that shit survive the virtual boy they'll survive
this I was gonna mention the numbers are on VG charts for North America are they I didn't know
they were out yes they they're always a week behind but two hundred and forty three thousand
Wow okay so interesting not exactly a bust Europe did it come out over there in Europe let's see
here Europe mmm I guess it did not come out over there yet yeah that's a very interesting silver
lining is that it sold twice as many in the u.s. as it did in Japan that's very interesting it
more than twice hold on let's give me weird for dates here okay and then yeah they're saying 101
101 798 is in Japan I'm gonna check Europe again because give me a weird date oh they don't see
that's it they don't have last week they only have up to the 16th so the the problem that people are
really identifying with this is that you know for the install base of the Wii and this is important
to say for the install base that the Wii U has currently we all know that we use struggle in a
little bit it's no secret so for the install base at the Wii U has those numbers aren't bad but the
problem is is the game was expected to push more we use sales and that we're not seeing that really
happened in Japan yet again I think it's a little too early to say the sky is falling completely but
I think there are a lot of us that are rooting for Nintendo and and really hope they can turn
it around but it's gonna I really wish they had had a second game like this to really kick I mean
they certainly have it on the 3ds but I wish they had a another game to kind of kick out the gate
this winner with this to really get people talking I guess you could say Zelda Wind Waker but again I
just something kind of new I don't know I I just to really push those Wii U units because I
definitely don't want to see Nintendo fail none of us do well that's the thing is I'm curious to
see what they're selling as far as you know we use systems because you know it's good that they
sold those games but I'm sure that they have more than 200,000 we you know we use systems out there
and I just be curious to see how that's actually translating to new sales you know what a very
interesting point in our chat room at live dot vog network comm made by dungeon buster who says
lightning returns also sold considerably less than its release window in Japan when compared
to Final Fantasy 13 2 which was lower in opening sales than Final Fantasy 13 it just sounds like
the sales were soft for titles in general in Japan and that legends all linked between worlds
294,000 and that's that's like you know that's through the 23rd that's day one sales yeah not
surprised that I games amazing um and SG 100 Matt says the game came out at a bad time with all the
new consoles coming out now not Japan though remember Japan didn't have a PlayStation 4 and
Xbox one till next year but Xbox one no but it was still imminent for the PlayStation well
Nintendo's kind of competing against themselves in a way in Japan right now with 3ds I mean sure
Sony's trying to up the presence with a Vita and it's you know it's somewhat working but Nintendo's
biggest enemy in a way is a 3ds gaming on the go don't underestimate how huge gaming on the go is
over there I mean obviously considering all the devices that you kids are all distracting yourselves
with right now clearly well not this week but to your credit you don't have Animal Crossing right
now I didn't even consider my purse and I have Zelda plugged in right now actually I know yeah
go ahead I should log in you should should open the gate no I I definitely agree with that point
that it's trending mobile and when you're trying to hold on to uh you know like the same the same
issue with PC desktops and everything else these long these older inflexible yeah they may have
more features but you cannot play them anywhere else without difficulty you're right mobile is
the up-and-comer and it will be biting sales in out from a lot of other things all right well
we'll see I mean again week one let's let's see how this game does through the holiday season we'll
see but it could be very interesting to see what this is gonna have Nintendo doing in 2014 but you
know what it's not over it ain't over all right uh let's move on you know what let's move back to a
classic time when we didn't fucking stress on how well a game sold because we didn't find out for
like three months because we got all our news from magazines I want to know what's up with Jason's
monkey hat you're talking about on the 3ds right yes well let's let's travel back to a time when
we were getting our news from magazines and we were playing classic video games on classic
consoles back when the Nintendo that was on the block was the Super Nintendo it's a classic game
of the week y'all where dark soccer jumps into the vault picks the game that she thinks hey you
should be playing this why cuz it's rad tonight's pick definitely rad dark soccer which picked me
I picked marble madness just because I had that stupid level two music stuck in my head doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo never pick this game before it's so good I
was never a superfan of marble madness because it pisses me off sorry very loud dongs from from
marble manas sorry guys but the best music was the level two music for the record at any rate
it was designed by Mark Kearney and it came out in 1984 it was an arcade game it was being it was
one of the most innovative games when it came out it used the Atari system one hardware and
programmed in C one of the first games to be programmed in NC on the hardware it was also the
first to use true stereo sound previous ones use simulated stereo or mono so this one basically in
fact I'm actually just gonna pull this quote right here it was the designer drew inspiration from
mini golf racing games and MC Escher which we can totally see where that came from so basically the
way you play marble madness is you are a little marble and you work your marble through a mazes
of different kind but you use a trackball although home versions used different controllers with
directional pads which is probably why I hated playing it on the nest so yeah you have a different
you know you can do practice each one has a theme there's even like a backwards level where you go
up instead of you know the usual down the course type of method the other thing with this one too
is that it was just a really freaking bizarre and neat game for its time I mean what was trying to
think of what the word I'm trying to think of for the perspective isometric thank you isometric
it uses an isometric perspective you're looking at it on diagonal it simulates a feeling of three
dimensions very nicely sorry I'm just watching this awesome bad I know right here on YouTube
and he's in that upside-down level right now and I'm just remembering what a mind fuck that level
was because like gravity goes the other way you just you don't know how mad bad that messes with
you tell you play it oh yeah I mean the whole game was just such a neat game and I mean on top
this is an arcade when he's doing it with travel you have to play this game with a trackball if
you want to play with any kind of accuracy I do believe actually have this on Atari 5200 I want
to say because we've got a trackball anyway um moving back into some of the background on the
game actually the guy who was working on this was supposed to be doing a video game version of
thriller Michael Jackson's thriller and it was canceled so they moved into Marvel madness this
particular one at his time was using a 19 inch CRT monitor and a Motorola 68 0 10 central
processing unit and it just basically was pretty tech heavy for its time I mean it was at the edge
so as far as other and there's actually there are whole just different has a programming tricks
that went in this game it did shadows to control anti aliasing it did a light ray tracing I mean
the technology behind this game it's a programming Marvel for its time I mean to be honest there are
there's actually I believe the whole site full of nothing but concept sketches that went behind
this and the programming direction really neat stuff so it was a big commercial success there
were 4,000 cabinets sold and it was its highest-earning game in arcades at the time but
then it fell after seven weeks and really it was because it's such a short game but it is still
people just got frustrated to hell there really the lot of thing is that because it was it took
such a high level of skill to play that's what made it really just an attractive game to have
a game to play so with that too there were other versions and a potential sequel and I will go
ahead and put this out there I think that super monkey ball was definitely influenced by this
game easily so as far as other versions there was a tiger electronics handheld LCD game which
I had and rare released the Nintendo version there I mean they were all very simple they you
know weren't as great clearly as the arcade one other versions that came out were of Amiga Game
Boy Sega Mega Drive the spectrum PC and GBA just all kinds of different versions of course we've
seen the rereleases on more modern systems in the various Midway compilations and Williams
compilations there was an arcade sequel that was planned in 1991 called marble mad marble madness
2 it was in development by Kearney's partner for the first one Bob Flanagan but it just it was
supposed to expand have invisibility flight modes pinball games set in between the levels and three
player isometric racing but it just didn't happen there were prototypes that were out for location
testing but you know what it was going against at the time Street Fighter 2 and that was also in
testing at the time so yeah so they went off of that and went to guardians of the hood instead
which is a beat-em-up game but there are the prototypes exist and you can find I'm sure you
can find ROMs of them so I would love to see what people think about it but as far as I mean that
goes there were some spiritual successors to I mean I said you know super monkey ball kind of doing
the successor thing there were there was a Archer McLean's Mercury switch ball never ball marble
blast gold that's on Linux and Mac OS and Windows it came out in 2003 balance and I'm thinking that
because there's two elves in it just a different one so but nothing is the original nothing will
piss you off and make you hit nothing will make you love you love a trackball and respect the
trackball oh fuck yeah this this game is damn near impossible without a trackball I mean that's just
how it is so yeah marble madness but you have to play the level 2 music for me because I just
played it like five times yeah but I was talking you had so much to say about the game seriously
like my favorite music and are you happy now I'll tell you the other thing I really like about this
is that it reminds me of Wendy what's-her-name that did the Tron music oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
because I've always loved that synth style just that them since exactly I love it so much so this
why can't I remember her last name now Wendy does it start with an O um Wendy Carlos Wendy Carlos
okay it's CEO it's an arched letter um yeah it made me think a lot of Wendy Carlos music well
I mean it came out two years after Tron so I could definitely see they're being influenced
in the music and even that grid style if you notice the colors and some of the levels in
that style it I see some Tron influence so all right there it is your classic game of the week
marble madness definitely a classic and you can certainly find that in collections like I think
that midway game I had on the ps3 for a little bit had that in it but again you know thumbstick
versus trackball not the same sorry to say there's another successor that she didn't mention I'm
pretty sure I even called into all our about this like five years ago because a buddy of
mine had a copy of this and I've never played it since and I really want to called Cora Reimpa
marble mania exclusive you play the game I think it was Mario Galaxy or Mario Galaxy 2 when when
your character jumps on like a big bowling ball and goes down a track what the game tells you to
do is take the wiimote and put the bottom in the palm of your hand and treat it like a you know an
arcade stand of joystick kind of thing Cora Reimba uses that control method exactly and I forgot
about Cora Reimba risingly fun I actually have that dandy I have that game it is totally a
marble madness biting but it's great great I need to play this game again all right well you can if
you want it's right I have like a baseball or something like that yeah a lot of different
little stuff pickle soccer basketball panda yeah they did and they all like different weight and
stickiness profiles too and it was so much fun stickiness profile huh yeah anyway there's plenty
more orange launch ready to come I hope y'all brought your sleeping bags cuz it's going all
night tonight no we will we will try to tear through the news in the second half quickly so
we can get to your calls your emails the F use the week fubo question week and so much more when
we come back plenty more orange launch ready to come stay tuned we'll be back right after this
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on this Sunday night December the 1st of
2013 I cannot believe it is already December and we're almost to 2014 episode number 529 of our
show I cannot believe we have done 529 episodes of this show where does the time go but this has
been a really fun show so far we had Matt Connor on earlier I'm talking about his Kickstarter for
read-only memories and gamer acts and that was a really fun interview we were just talking about
that during the break how that was a lot of fun and also kind of talking about during the break
I know we're getting in one of the stories here it's gonna come up in rapid-fire news but you're
also talking a little bit about one of the game did you bring up during the break damn it I had
a gym oh yeah Fantasia you were you were saying something about where's that Xbox one game
Fantasia that was supposed to be out I was actually wondering that exact same thing the other day I
looked at it got delayed to 2014 Fantasia the music evolved from harmonix yeah I was like when
did that happen just kind of out of the blue I guess yeah I haven't seen anything from Microsoft
on that first a lot of their first party tiles well I should say only one of their first party
tiles actually got delayed as well no really it well it was a connect sports oh yeah yeah
that's right but didn't they get weren't they doing like a demo thing they have a demo thing
going on what Nintendo did with the Wii Sports remake but yeah that's been delayed I think it
was delayed just because there's a big gap in titles coming out like I said you know after this
week you know what week is a couple is a Vita game and a PlayStation 3 title that's been delayed
forever painkiller you know what do what dark soccer is doing do one game a week to help get
caught up on your backlog yep at least you know look at them what a pretty box this is like oh
I've played it look I have a screen capture I'm done well it's even worse because it's all because
I still have PlayStation Plus stuff too I keep bookmarking all this stuff and I'm like ah shit
I have so many games to play well what a great transition into our rapid-fire news tonight
because Loki it sounds like you're gonna get even more pretty soon right yes in fact I was
just checking to see if they had them online but it hasn't been updated yet there are gonna
try Tuesday yeah there's gonna be some more stuff being added PlayStation Plus for December
including Borderlands 2 and grid 2 those will be coming as well and then on let's see here oh and
dyad is also gonna be coming to play free as well I haven't died I remember hearing about the game
but I don't remember what it is exactly but it's supposed to be good and then I think that was the
one that's supposed to be sort of like like geometry Wars maybe I'm trying to look it up
real quick because it's one psychedelic racer it sounds familiar to me too it's a tunnel racing
puzzle shooting game is what they call it okay well then it's nothing like geometry Wars it
sounds cool though I like that description I'll check that out ah then for Vita Sonic and all
or Sonic and all-stars racing transform for the Vita and urban trial freestyle pretty awesome so
that's coming out and then to be fair I think on the Xbox Friday no it Gears of War is gonna be one
of the free games I don't remember the Xbox Live Arcade title that's also with that though
but yeah Gears of War one coming and then Saints Row 4 getting some DLC pretty soon actually I
think next week or on the 11th and they're gonna have to save Santa Claus from the simulation so
how the Saints save Christmas and then we'll come with the course as I predicted a Christmas themed
dubstep gun and then a bunch of other you know things reindeer jingle bells jingle so pretty
much yeah it's part of the season pass or $6.99 if you wait until December I will have you know
though if you do buy the season pass I think right now it's on sale for 66% off it's like
five bucks right now or you know on Steam so it might be worth picking up if you're curious I
guess okay Jason I got it you ready you ready come they told me pa wub wub wub huh that's good
that was good I'm gonna put out an album sort of God wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub
and then some great news and definitely coming very soon in December we will see the final
PlayStation 2 Grand Theft Auto game coming to mobile Grand Theft Auto San Andreas getting an
improved I believe it like slightly HD version that'll be coming out not sure when but sometime
this month supposed to be on iOS and Android and Windows mobile of course limited devices
are gonna be able to run it but fuck man San Andreas is like one of the best PlayStation 2
era Grand Theft Auto games and that's just all sorts of awesome now I hope that that means now
that they have all these sort of HD a fied Grand Theft Auto games that we get some sort of triple
pack for like Xbox Live arcade or something like that that would be amazing because it fucking
sucks to play those games on using the touchscreen although Grand Theft Auto Vice City in think three
did run on the Uya so you may be able to sideload this on the Uya which then you'll have like a
PlayStation 2 sort of oh all right moving on some more stories here I know we had a lot of persona
news last week because you know they're teasing persona 5 and so forth but who cares about that
when there's persona for dancing all night that's right the persona music action game that's the
one you're most excited about let's get real it is being developed by Atlas and the co-developer
of Hatsune Miku project diva dingo awesome the game will take place after persona for the Ultimax
ultra suplex hold and Tetsuya Kimura and Daisuke Asakura and some other musicians will be doing
the background music for the game some of the games in the game will include pursuing my true
self heaven reach out to the truth time to make history and true story which were all songs that
were in persona 4 and persona 4 golden so awesome now the song list is starting to take shape so I
know you persona fans and you music game fans are gonna be in heaven with that if you like your
classic games like me you're probably excited to hear about this jump man I well ironically one of
the games I or the game I did for my very totally because you did that I know right right my first
let's remember video we'll get this the game developer apparently resurrecting jump man is
located in Wichita where Shane Alinko is mind blown something gaming is happening in Wichita go
figure but yeah which I game developers name is Davis sickman jr. now he raised he's raising some
money with a Kickstarter to try to revive the jump man games for iPhone iPad Android PC Mac and
Ouya so that's pretty cool jump man of course originally created by Randy Glover for the Atari
and the old-school PCs and Commodore 64 the initial version had 30 levels and so on and so
on so yeah that would be cool there was a jump man resurrection project planned around 2000 when
they secured the rights to do sequels but it didn't really come to be I guess there was jump
man 2049 but it didn't it didn't really happen but thanks to Kickstarter jump man forever
could be a thing nothing ever works out 2049 what if they did a crossover game that was doodle
jump man there's there's potential you never know all right you know there's a lot of potential in
the awesome game typing of the dead overkill heck yes this game is a lot of fun I played it again
with speaking of Shane in Wichita played this online this past week and the one thing we didn't
get to do unfortunately was try the brand new DLC that was released this week the Shakespeare DLC
pack that's right for $3 you can get all the typing in the game changed to lines as to thine
oh self quintessence of dust and bellows mender so you can you can actually type we get the line
about the bunghole from Hamlet anything is possible dark soccer you know what a bunghole
is right for real no I I have heard it in the Shakespearean context yeah it is the hole on a
keg mm-hmm now you know as opposed to the hole on your keg anyway uh-huh that's all I got dark
Sakura dang it I was actually looking at the email um well there is a website now open for
the Virtua Fighter 20th anniversary so you can go look at it I'm sure you can just hunt it down by
going to work you know looking up Virtua Fighter 20th anniversary site but it has some teasing on
there too what could it be we don't know moving forward um Atlas is basically free to look at
any of Sega's old IPs any of their dormant ones so you know that could be Panzer Dragoon that could
be Jet Set Radio that could be Shenmue so who knows or it could just be Streets of Rage by the
way there's that silver lining I mentioned earlier yeah Shenmue they should make a spin-off game where
the main character is a cow and they call it Shenmue okay so and then now this I actually sat
and watch freaking footage from his two hours watching this thing today and this one I'm gonna
go ahead and just give the link to this is on shoryuken.com Ultra Street Fighter IV
is at Super Arcade in Walnut California and it is basically location testing but there is a two
hour just play of some of the different characters that are in it we have T-Hawk we have Rolando we
have Elena, Makoto and Poison I was very actually very happily surprised at just how much more
balanced some of the gameplay seems in it but you can watch the footage there's link following
from shoryuken.com so go look at it all right awesome lots of I would I would think this would
be a dead period for gaming news but we still got a lot of good stuff going on out there let's get
to the foogle question of the week you take Facebook and you take Google Plus you slam those
words together you get boogle and it's our foogle question of the week posted on both our communities
over at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and our Google Plus community at google.com slash
plus orange lounge radio all one word or you know what if you put orange lounge radio on Google
you'll find it it comes right up anyway um I'm only gonna be able to read a couple I'm trying to
buy us back some time since our interview went long but with great reason it was great interview
but I'm gonna try to buy back some time here so I'm not gonna read a lot of answers but I really
want to encourage you to read because there were some great answers to this so here it is earlier
this week one popular web blog for Apple fans made the claim quote while the previous game console
generation was all about motion controls it's clear that the new machines will use second
functionality and apps as major weapons of war and that was a quote from the unofficial Apple
web blog or tuaw.com now that all the triple-a players are on the field what do you feel was
the majority theme of the last generation what might the theme of the next generation be more
motion second screens VR AR more 3d and so on and fact you guys may not have known this question
today coming from Jason actually invented this question Jason you want to elaborate on this at
all before I read some of the answers um just nothing nothing terribly to elaborate on I just
don't think that second screen is gonna wind up making any sort of a significant dent I think the
apps are getting better and they're going to exist but as far as that being as far as that being this
year's motion that's not gonna be nearly all it's cracked up to be all right well let's look at some
of the answers again I've really got to abbreviate this tonight please please please go read the
responses in focus are some great ones including this one on Google Plus from Colin M who says
last-gen felt like the me to generation the we introduced motion controls and Sony was like me
too with the six axis Microsoft at least tried something new with the Kinect I think that I just
gotta say I really like that answer because I mean for real because I mean I haven't read the second
half yet but I was like you know what damn if that ain't right it does feel like everybody was kind
of stealing the good ideas from each other not necessarily a bad thing that's just competition
but you'd like I I couldn't I couldn't go back to like even the PlayStation one and Sega's you
know Saturn Aaron and and talk about like that was a me to generation it really wasn't optical
media yeah I mean but that that who a new format which is that's not really above and better of all
the cartridges ever that's not me too in the way that that e3 a couple years ago when they debuted
the Kinect and the Sony move you're sitting there going wow they're just they're just after
Nintendo's weave aren't they so you know is very interesting anyway let me read the rest of Colin's
answer here on Google Plus I think the defining feature of this new gen will be social interaction
both the Xbox one and PlayStation 4 have activity feeds a la Facebook to show you what your friends
are doing even the Wii U has that Plaza of sorts then they're sharing videos of the games and live
streaming seamless multiplayer experiences such as watchdogs will blur the line between single
player and multiplayer gaming this next gen will be all about other people Jason you made a motion
like I agree that sir that's exactly what my prediction for this generation is gonna be is
that last year was better graphics denser media mostly and motion controls yes and and except in
the case of we mostly cementing the online marketplace and online interactivity there is
I have a very strong feeling that this generation also in PC land is going to be not just developing
a title updating it and moving on but it's going to be social more socially geared with your friends
but also gaming communities do you know how much new Borderlands 2 content that it there is do you
know how much new Diablo content there is there's like all of these games are geared with the
ability of with the capability of tacking new content on continuously in my opinion micro tracks
and microtransactions be damned it's kind of a really good thing because they're going to extend
the lives of games and keep changing it in significant ways all right let's go to one more
answer from Google Plus from Travis H who says 3d makes my head hurt motion control frustrates
me it makes me break a sweat I'm almost positive VR would make me throw up so let's stick to buttons
gripping and movie quality storylines and gameplay that pushes the limits of what we have already
seen or felt so far as for second screen bring it on I love how well the Vita and ps3 play together
can't wait to get my ps4 love my Wii U and the new PlayStation app they added is a great step
in the right direction for Sony so instead of mobile's attempt to take over consoles let's
make a baby and I'll get along so that is Travis's prediction for you let's make a baby and I'll get
along love it those answers from Google Plus but there's about six other answers there if you want
to check that out we can call it the X for you going to Facebook let's read some answers here
on Facebook you know I I might be being partial here but I really like this answer from extra firm
our buddy from courthouse extra over on Facebook says I think smartphone integration is definitely
the theme of this console generation whether it's second screen experience or having companion apps
for your games I think that's what it's about heck even Nintendo has branched out and made
Miiverse available on smartphones I think this is the major companies doing their part to not
compete with mobile phones but to show that they can adapt to them let's make a baby right let's
read another answer here from Ricardo V who says I don't think the last generation was about motion
controls maybe the marketing makes it look that way because it was the new thing but at the end
I think it was more about giving a cinematic feel to games lots of scripted events animations of
characters with the environment issue played etcetera clear examples of that are games like
Uncharted The Last of Us and Bioshock Infinite I still don't have a new console but I think we
started seeing what the new gen is about in the previous gen integration of indie games into the
consoles multitasking and cloud and digital content good answer I like I like that too and
certainly even though I think you saw it a little bit with PlayStation 2 just that when you talk
about cinematic feel like certainly the budgets are starting to get up there where it's like you
are but you're making three movies when you make a video game you know just just with what goes into
it so I I definitely think that took off and especially those games you cited there let's do
one more answer from Facebook I'm gonna do this one from Andy R who said I think the theme of this
generation will be connectivity by that I mean games that might have been mostly single-player
games in the past that are now offering incentive to connect to the internet to evolve the game
world we saw the beginnings of it with games like Dark Souls or Demon Souls or Journey we're playing
the game online could change or enhance the gameplay experience now with games like Watch Dogs
or destiny the theme seems to be continuing again those are some of the answers from Facebook and
Google Plus please check out all the great diverse answers and it's never too late to add your own
as well it's not like we close it down and and we read pretty much everything that's posted at
least to ourselves and we like seeing the diverse opinions and see what comes back on the show later
that later on we're gonna get back into some long-form news but if you have more thoughts
on this topic mailbag at orange laundry comms a great place to send it to Loki I was gonna say
also yeah I definitely don't think motion control was I think problem with motion control and this
is even gonna be something going into next-gen with connect and stuff is just it's a gimmick
it's just like remember when they had the vision camera yeah it's a gimmick that sold more copies
of Wii Sports than any other video I'm not saying that we did it wrong we had the right idea because
their whole console is based on that in the beginning and you know that was fine and that
worked I'm talking about the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 it did not work it was a fad and I
honestly think did you just make a pro Nintendo statement versus the other two I've always said
just I'm just saying it's just funny anyways um so I think the same to me you said with the second
screen stuff is I think it's just a big old gimmick that you know it's definitely something
Microsoft's pushing because they want that second screen to be a fucking surface you know so of
course they're gonna try to push that or a Windows Phone or some shit I just don't think it's
something that we're gonna see implemented well into games you may get a couple games that
implement it well but aside from that I mean it's just like what they've done to connect its voice
commands for shit or it's FIFA detecting that you're cursing so they can fly you why the fuck
would you want that I just don't know why anyone would want that anyways um okay so let's talk a
little bit about the Xbox one since I mentioned connect you may remember last week we talked a
little bit about how the Xbox one had some issues with some of the consoles that hey there was disk
drive sounding like that it was shredding the disk you know at least that's what it sounded like
and it was an issue and I said you know they really should come out and address the issue
and figure out a way to you know piece customers and so that so that's what they did they went
ahead and said you know what they're gonna replace the console what's kind of great about it is if
you call in and say hey you know my consoles all fucked up what they're gonna do is give you a free
digital version of one the Xbox one launch title so either forza rice in a room dead rising three
or zoo tycoon and you get to keep your console until the replacement console arrives and you
send the replacement console back so I thought that's a pretty decent way to make up for those
drive issues and I haven't heard too much more about it this week so I'm assuming that it was
indeed a very small number of consoles that were affected by it well thank God that it's not so
widespread because I think that they learned the lesson the last time yeah they think I want to
make that mistake again yeah no kidding well this could get very interesting could EA be working on
an open-world Star Wars game so what yeah some recent job listings apparently point to this which
of course makes me raise an eyebrow and go but I thought they already had a Star Wars MMO called
the Old Republic but perhaps something new to tie in with the new games or maybe not even necessarily
an MMO but an animation director being hired for EA Canada for quote a major new next-gen
open-world action game in a beloved sci-fi property sounds like battle friend to me you
maybe hmm there's also an executive producer British position in a lead combat designer
position which apparently was also linked to a Star Wars property because a recruiter said
something on Twitter I don't know but anyway apparently this goes back to when avalanche
studios was working with Lucas are almost signed up with Lucas arts to do an open-world Star Wars
game around 2007 oh my god that would have been so amazing and then you guys remember Star Wars 1313
that was something that was Disney candidate if you didn't know Disney closed developer that
halted the game could that be the game that's being picked up and continued question mark who
knows EA of course has the exclusive rights to develop and continue the Star Wars games so I'm
sure something will happen by December 2015 when the new Star Wars movie comes out guaranteed you
know avalanche is the company behind just cause which may know very exciting and they also have
them a new Mad Max game coming out so that oh you very awesome I liked the trailer for that they
know how to make a good multiplayer game or new open-world game so it's it's December 2013 now so
you got two years to make it happen it sounds like they already got started so we'll see what
happens don't make me feel older just think about how old we're gonna be when the new Star Wars movie
finally comes out the Warcraft movie you know what is next year huh my 20th high school reunion oh
my gosh Wow so are you gonna go if someone gives me $400 for the plane ticket yeah I'm gonna try
to my ten-year reunion was practically just downtown where I go all the time didn't go yeah
well you're not from another state right I'm not but I'm just saying I just anybody my ten-year
reunion was crap I don't think we had one for mine if we did I didn't care most people I want
to keep in touch with I'm I still talk to on Facebook it was yeah I actually keep up with
those people some of those people now on Facebook and I'm like you have kids I have a cat there
would love my cat there is high school was such a bad time in some ways it was good in some ways
it's bad I want to make it sound like poor me because we all had bad experiences I'm sure but
there's just some people from high school I would really love to go my entire life and just never
see again and that would be I would be very happy with that I can sympathize with that I just want
to bring Dan and have Dan and then like leave early like I did for homecoming my senior year
like bye this place sucks hey don't have a story do you yes you do well how about some wow news is
you know we've got oh my god space goats coast to coast I know but I'm not playing it because I
promised I wasn't gonna get it but their lead designer sorry the lead system designer Greg
Street left Blizzard he said bye I'm gone actually what he said is that and this is a quote I've been
at Blizzard Entertainment for almost six years it has been epic and I have made many friends
around the world and I've learned so much but I have a great opportunity for something new and
exciting sadly it is time to move on he's also going to oculus right now no we don't know there's
a lot of now there's a lot of tinfoil I mean being on the Horde house I talked to a lot of
Warcraft people there's some tinfoil hats in the community that he possibly went to riot games
maker of League of Legends also in LA this is based on a total conspiracy theory about who he
follows on Twitter which is interesting um but I but I mean if he quit Warcraft to go to League
of Legends he'd just be like everybody else yeah but I'm pumped which is strange blizzards new one
is coming now yeah but the funny part is that it's not funny I know all right I just like well you
know what people go and you know people moving from company to company usually isn't news but
the thing about World of Warcraft man quasi quasi related question to that comment did
your conspiracy theories come from people in California or outside of California all over
they come from the internet where well it's it's a meaningful question to me because my my
co-workers those that have lived in the Bay Area you know the better part of their lives have a
lot of friends at a lot of companies either personally or professionally including our
competitors and everything else and you know yeah yeah have has competitors I didn't know
it kind of thought they did their own thing very much no oh there are the detail is the the depth
is infinite it's you know everybody everybody has the this is better this is worse has the
confrontational aspect of it and sure that exists at a professional level as well but it's not maybe
I shouldn't rip back the veil but it's not like death death threats and and at odds ends with
each other I mean we just had a charity dodgeball game where our best friends at competing companies
came out for a good cause as well we do whenever we throw drink ups people from all of these
companies come out it's not yeah professionally the it's it's competition but that's healthy and
the people that make it up are good people you know for the short time that I interned at a
local TV news station as I was going to be just like Ron Burgundy one day and here here I am but
I interned in a local TV station and they would about once every three months there would be a
big get-together of all the local news people from all like NBC CBS all of them would just go
have dinner like it's not they all hated each other because a lot of times and especially look
at your own local TV news they trade people all the time and people go to jobs to the companies
and it just you know something that happens yeah we that this this is industry this is why they're
there's conventions professional conventions where all of these same people talk discuss and meet all
the rest of these people and it's also why you don't truly have companies that just bicker back
and forth in the same industry and are just like at odds ends with people it's I don't know it's
interesting it's interesting insight for me to have now as well let's move on with more stories
Loki all right so you know one of the first things of course to come out of a tragedy like Sandy
Hook was let's blame Pete you know video games because obviously this person had video games
played video games clearly video games must have caused it you know because we could also draw that
conclusion to food food must cause this because he eats food therefore you know food caused murder
anyway so there was a report that was done you know showing all the different games you played
and stuff and unfortunately even though you know with that profile everything it just it didn't tie
with the games at all it said he played video games often both solo home and online they can
be described as both violent and nonviolent one person described the shooter as spending the
of his time playing non-violent video games all day with one of his favorites at one point being
Super Mario but there you go Super Mario Bros. causes mass murder well there was a let's go I'll
let you finish cuz I'm about to drag a bit it's the shadow people that live on top of the cliff
and I'm about to drag a bit in conclusion you know what we do know is the shooter had significant
mental health issues while now affecting the criminality of the shooters mental state for
their crimes or his criminal responsibility for him did affect his ability to live a normal life
interact with others whom he should have been close with and you know video games did not play
a part in that so yeah and it's funny as even though after that came out of course the NRA
issued a statement blaming still are actually no I'm sorry that this is referring back to the the
original thing where the NRA blamed it of course no traction on that you know no retraction from
the NRA about being wrong or anything as they usually are I was looking at Twitter this week
as I usually do during the day and I saw a link and I made the mistake of clicking on it even
though I saw the name Kotaku in the URL and my eyes rolled so far to the back of my head I could
see my fucking brain because they ran a story about how the Sandy Hook shooter his favorite
game was dance dance revolution and this guy played DDR all the time and dah dah dah dah and
all I could really think of like I was just like Kotaku please shut the fuck up please please shut
up I I saw these links I didn't read the article surely they were making it tongue-in-cheek and
making the same point that we are which I'm just sitting here going why are you perpetuating this
whole I mean it's it's kind of irresponsible it's clearly clickbait it's clearly this whole
let's and I'm not even saying this because I played DDR for years and years because unlike
what you do when you run a story like this I don't give this shit any credit at all clearly
and even the professionals have now said the video games had nothing to do with it and you
know what happened obviously was a huge tragedy let's not forget I mean had just how awful and
fucked up what this guy did was people want to blame something for it the unfortunate reality
is there may not be anything we can blame but evil mental health there's that too I mean that's I get
that speculation you know I mean it's just so with the state of I hate to go into the politics
of it you know but we don't give enough attention to mental health I there is no background checks
there's definitely a lot of stigma with that and and we we have to break down those walls a lot and
I would agree with you there that you know clearly he had issues that weren't being addressed I don't
know trying to beat those nine footers might frustrate someone into no I'm serious but yeah
so anyway I'm just saying the ban on that website continues and you know shame on me for being dumb
enough to click a link like that but I was just like no no they could oh my god every so often
you have to confirm that yes they're stupid yeah it's just kind of one of those like Lord get a
look anyhow let's see going to our chat room at live dot vog network comm SSJ 100 Matt says
basically this report answered no questions let's see a coup the peggle pervert says see how and
oh Lord all right uh let's move on more stories and I will go next well you remember also to the
people used to blame D&D on making people be devil worshippers yes and Mike when my mom found out I
played D&D in high school she like threw a fit because she thought it was devil worship well my
grandma did the same thing so when I'd go play D&D at my friend Derek's house I'd be by we're all
for our weekly chicken sacrifice Rob right you are not we're seeing them worshipping the devil
are you Rob that way you do that's what they said on Oprah Rob Rob do don't play Dungeons & Dragons
Rob that's what it was like they said on the 700 Club that watch that shit so I don't even know
how they got bored by the way you or when they started caring if I worship did you hear that
the guy that started the Trinity Broadcasting Network died no I didn't yeah he died yesterday
that Fast and Furious dude too but yeah I was gonna say all I all I heard about on Facebook
was the guy from Fast and the Furious yeah but that guy died too and no one cared well because
I'm not gonna fit I'm not I'm not even gonna finish my thought or I'm gonna be a bad person
so I'm just gonna bite my tongue and talk about the PlayStation 4 hey and well here's the thing
about the PlayStation 4 it may not last long hold on hold on I'm not trolling here's the thing there
was a comment from Sony UK pop UK boss Fergal Gara because of course the PlayStation just
launched in the UK this week there's a lot of stuff in the media over there this week and
Fergal Gara made a very interesting comment saying quote I think there's reasons to believe that the
next cycle might be shorter in markets such as the UK it's probably a sign of the times and how much
has changed in seven years but I think the willingness and the appetite to pick up new
technology fast has probably changed quite a bit so all this coming down to will the ps4 be a
10-year lifecycle maybe not horseshit please I and this is this is going back to the question
of the week and this is a question I've had in my mind for a very long time as far as a new console
a new technology a new technology and an overhaul what the hell else are they gonna do the video
game the quality the visual aspect and quality of video games has improved dramatically and
considering that every you know unless everybody box on 4k and rolls that into a new technology
there's no that you know there's no visual dramatic changes that they can make you know in the next
five Jason I want to say yes but I when I was 12 years old and saw Super Nintendo mode 7 for the
first time I was like it's so fucking real it'll never get more real than that oh my god but so
cool but that is a terrible comparison that is fuck you do because no well no the quality
standard is cinema slash real life and one step closer to the holodeck Jason that's what we always
say on the show every console is one step closer to the but but that would be a different technology
that's not just a graphical improvement which is what I'm claiming right now but there's nothing
that can take that mantle in the next generation to make the ps4 is timeline a lifecycle be less
than for you like or soft lightroom Jason it's gonna holodeck you all listen it the difference
would be moving from a you can't I don't really think you can use the holodeck as a graphical
comparison because this is what I'm saying one step closer Jamie we're not gonna be at the
holodeck the next generation there'll be awesome if we were more apt comparison would be shut up
would be leaving your monitor for a holographic interface well that's what they have in the
Hunger Games that was the correct reaction the endgame can only be one I didn't break the mic
listen the endgame can only be one thing and that's where the boobies become real and you
put your penis in it that is really the endgame that anyone can expect because where do you need
to go beyond that not nowhere you know everybody is interested in that thank you I understand that
but that's gonna be the endgame I want fluffy kitties I want to be able to pet the kitties in
the game as do I but I'm just there will be a switch there will be pussy there will there will
be a switch just like on the old Atari 2600 game select there will be booby and kitty and then of
course you know and ferret mode moving on all right that's the show 100 Matt and chat says
one step closer to the edge and it's about to break just like this show we've been one step to
the edge since episode three okay and I wasn't even here dark soccer I was I was sleeping in a
closet real story damn it you know what Rob pet the pussy she came out for a little bit I was
surprised now this is one thing that is super cool if we can get away from the bullshittery
of you know fake reporting and all the gun violence and and pussies everybody those two
last statements do go well together you have whatever I was trying to tie it in but I'm so
flustered right now because of the Cyber Monday event for Rosetta Stone ad that's on this page
no seriously um there are a team of neuroscientists at the University of Pennsylvania and Friedberg
University that are using video games where people go through virtual towns basically just
delivering oh you know they're using fucking Animal Crossing but I mean they're going around
and delivering stuff in these in these locations in the game but they're looking at how the brain
encodes spatial information to form I guess location tags for memories and basically there's
actually a mental technique I don't know if anyone's ever heard of something called the
mind palace basically where for you to remember certain information you visualize rooms in a
palace and it's mapping it's using spatial mapping to instead trigger a memory and it sounds like
that this is sort of what they're doing but they're also using this more as a study for epilepsy which
is very interesting they're basically trying to find direct neural evidence that memory that
basically memory tags information based on where and when they were formed so that you're you
access the memory by remembering that situation and I know for me in particular and I know I
haven't been like overly verbal on this but at the end of January I was diagnosed with autism
in like not I'm gonna go repeat myself a bajillion times and kill people no that doesn't happen the
whole thing too is that it's actually been how I remember a lot of stuff is by remembering visually
what where I was what I did I couldn't remember the name of this one shop for the record until I
was standing at IKEA facing the direction that the shop was in and then I remembered the name of it
for example you know so it's it's definitely got a bit of a definite interest I mean we're talking
about that mind palace technique having been a mental memory building tool that's been in
existence since before the the current era it's been in existence for centuries for thousands of
years so the fact that they're putting using a video game to actually test how the brain maps
this information and using this technique in a visual manner is I think it's a pretty neat
thing honestly so nice yeah games doing good I appreciate a story like that after the fuckery
we had a couple stories ago there's another thing too that they were I'm just gonna read this
because it is kind of technical but I'm gonna quote it because it says during navigation neurons
in the hippocampus and neighboring regions can often represent the patient's virtual location
within the town kind of like a brain GPS device these so-called place cells are perhaps the most
striking example of the neuron that encodes an abstract cognitive representation so basically
where they're visualizing themselves in their game environment is where their mind is visualizing the
data that they're researching too so again it's there's a tie between how we think what we remember
and how we access our memories I think it's fantastic that they're doing this and hi scenario
kitty no she's in the living room she's getting a little more friendly during the show it's good
all right uh anyhow let's move on uh dark sakura is going to open up the mail bag
mailbag at orange laundry.com is the place to send emails and I think it was a little bit lonely in
there this week but at least there was one right yeah and I think though that some no there was
only one uh so I'll read it um hello oh lorry ease um I have a fairly decent income and the
purchase of both systems really hit my savings hard I can see why most everyone will only get
one of either the ps4 or the xbox one I think they're both solid and with good games but I'd
like the games on the xbox xbox went a little better I think I can sum up my comparison of
the systems with an analogy the playstation is like someone handing out candy to everyone in
the form of a roll of mentos the xbox is like someone grabbing handfuls of candy and throwing
them into a crowd um enjoy and remember to brush your teeth robaba yes sir I'll brush my teeth I
love robaba I I wish I could have been in the situation where I could buy both consoles this
year if I wasn't in debt after my last Disneyland trip I would I'd like to be in the position where
I can just go to Disneyland soon soon yeah all right uh mailbag at orange laundry.com if you
want to make some crazy analogies on the show in the future it'd be awesome mailbag at orange
laundry.com uh now is the part of the show where we get a little bit angry even though you know
there's been a lot of happy stuff tonight uh we have to balance that with some anger and rar
because FUs of the week
I am actually not very angry today except for I mean the usual stuff
so yeah I guess I'm pretty angry not really I'm angry on behalf of Becky
I'm very glad that I did not get hired where she is employed at and I cannot go into
more detail because I was advised of a lot in confidence but um fuck that place fuck it a lot
um oh and also fuck bitch face Vicky who was my ex-boss who sold the company to the current place
for um and I heard about this so I again not something I can prove and just nail her ass to
the wall about but for apparently bad mouthing me to the current owner of the company because
she couldn't handle she thinks I was trying to ruin her business you know what if I was trying
to ruin your business it would have been gone before you sold it you didn't change your
passwords duh all right lucky I figured you're out for not playing Grand Theft Auto 5 yet
it's only $39.99 amazon really on ps3
FU to Loki for trying to get me to spend more money when I already spent
too much on goddamn steam sales but at least all the steam games are really good
I can't be too upset uh Jason I was going to say that I'm happy little bunny this
week and that's mostly true but uh amusingly and perhaps not at all surprisingly enough
to last week's FU uh I'm having a weird snafu with the uh the parking garage that I'm in right
now and people are being very silly and blaming me for something I'm sure they there's a dresser
something at the end of my parking spot and people are telling me to move the extra three inches in
that dresser is not ours it's not part of our unit so um I need to figure out whose it is so
I can actually pull in the whole way to the parking lot all right which you know San Francisco
type parking you can understand how being even that much further away from your normal spot
would be detrimental admittedly parking in San Francisco oh my god terror terror yes all right
FU to terror uh just a couple more stories for you guys Loki speaking of terror Lindsey Lohan
what segue of the year goes to Lindsey Lohan is now allegedly uh suing Rockstar Games over GTA V
because there is you know the whole game takes place in uh like a Hollywood environment there's
you know different celebrities and stuff that you run into and you know they act very cliche
like some of these celebrities might but she thinks that one of those characters is directly
based off of her good luck with that because um no no don't we have like laws for parody and
especially if you're a parody public figure not a character that's just exactly her it's it's all
of the different you know female celebrities that are on the flip side how much do we actually
believe that Lindsey Lohan would be suing a freaking video game I mean really
and besides that parody is protected I just want to make sure this news is coming from Kotaku is it
because it sounds like the type of story they'd write I don't know if it's better or worse
never mind it's coming from TMZ oh god oh god well it's just probably why everyone doubted the
it's about the same level death reporting yesterday too yeah yeah so all right well
if TMZ reported it Loki it must be true so yes she's claiming that I love that I'm gonna direct
quote this because of their wording uh claiming that video game honchos jacked her image without
her permission who uses honcho anymore apparently uh somebody does some some TMZ staffer
well whatever to that good luck Lindsey Lohan and yeah TMZ you're both gonna need it all right uh
also good luck to all of you that were awaiting this new console this actually sounded really
awesome and I was looking forward to this I was hoping to maybe pick one up at some point but
it's gonna have to wait till next year because the retron 5 console or the retro N I think retron's
better name but retro N or whatever the retro N5 console has been delayed to the first quarter of
2014 if you did not know what this was this was the this was the system that would play
Game Boy Advance games Super Nintendo games Genesis games NES games and Famicom games all
in one hence the number five and it had like an HDMI out so it would make it work on newer TVs
that's uh pretty awesome and uh it's been delayed because of faulty pins discovered in some packaged
units at least they're doing the right thing and pulling it and fixing the problem as opposed to
selling some crap units so unfortunately if you were hoping to get one on its release day December
10th too bad you won't all right uh there it is that's it for the news we had uh in our show
roll tonight but we are going to open up the Skyblind we're actually kind of on schedule too
now yeah we made up the time there in part B good are you okay Alan oh I thought he fell I thought
he tripped didn't sound like he tripped in there a little bit I was like oh my god I have to call
911 mid show all right uh 1877 game OLR is the number or you can call us on skype orange lounge
radio all one word is the place to give us a call if you want to be on the show to uh talk about
whatever we talked about tonight or maybe something that we missed who knows but uh while we wait for
the calls to come in uh Loki I'll quickly call on you for any last minute stories and I'll go to our
twitter as well for any twitter topics at twitter.com slash OLR I just want to mention again
you know because I do like Just Cause and because the multiplayer seriously the videos in the
multiplayer look fucking crazy so um if you're interested Just Cause 2 it's like $2.99 right
now on steam totally worth it and then if you want to get into the Just Cause multiplayer beta
um because it's launching final pretty soon uh it's uh www.jc-mp.com and I believe the it's uh
yeah www.jc.mp.com slash keys will get you a steam key just have to log in with your steam
id and register an account on that website all right enjoy enjoy uh taking that check to the
bank a thousand play well it's free it's a thousand players they had tested at one time
it's ridiculous all right I gotta go to the phones because it's lighting up so hi you're
on orange launch radio who's this the one and only person in the chat room the fastest internet ever
it's ron internet's how you doing rama I'm good how about you good sir I'm great and I'm realizing
with all the conventions you go to I think I need to send you some of my balls exactly I
would use some of your balls and spread the love around spread my balls all over that sounds like
but just take rob's balls and throw them at everyone to be fair they're not actually my
balls they're grandpa's balls yeah I just I just want you to know you should be thankful
that mako isn't listening right now because she'll be squeeing over the fact that she gets to play
with your balls hopefully she'll hear it on the podcast feed well it's a good thing they're not
sweaty balls if you missed if you missed the first part of the show uh grandpa uh matt from
horde house got a bunch of little hacky sacks with the vog logo and website url printed on them
as giveaways for Blizzcon well he only gave about half of them away so now we're gonna pass them on
to other vog hosts and so forth uh to hand them out at later conventions so when we talk about
our balls they are balls and they're kind of squishy they're fun to play with and our balls
yeah have balls anyhow I'm sure you didn't call in just to talk about balls what is on your mind
that's what you sorry how do you know I didn't call well surprise me then let's let's let's talk
balls no no no did not come to talk balls couple things I want to talk about from tonight's uh
discussion sure now I understand that olr is the place where every person has their voice
now in response to that one person who wrote in about how you guys are being biased towards one
console yes shit happens these shit happens yeah I mean on our podcast we talk about different
things but sometimes we get on one topic or one company for a while and it's like well that's what
everybody is talking about just because we're talking about it as well that does not mean what
we're saying is the same as everybody else right and I do want to I do want to remind you it wasn't
just one person I only read one thing on the air yeah and one thing is that everyone gets to turn
in the barrel so for that point for a while it was xbox one's turn to be in the barrel that's
that's how that's how the news goes yeah I think I think that's very true um the same thing happens
in politics right you know sometimes it's the the red team or sometimes it's the blue team or
sometimes it's it's all of them honestly so um you know it just just kind of depends on on what
the public eye is person is watching yes like for example when heroes of cosplay was on tv
all the blogs all the podcasts that's what everybody was talking about was heroes of cosplay
and then we're talking about it but we're like yeah we watch it only because I'm drinking when
I'm watching it and I'm giving my personal spin on it so it's a lot more entertaining as comparing to
what everybody else is saying about the show yeah I saw that there was some uh because you know
everything's got to have an internet petition these days there's some internet petition going
around to uh make it fairly represent cosplay and I was kind of like well then it wouldn't
really be I mean it's tv right it's it's and it funny enough I don't know if you heard the
interview with Matt but we were joking at the end there about his time on the uh America's
worst driver and you know it was it was just tv it was tv show all right the fact that you brought
up there as a petition I wanted to put my headset down and just start falling over laughter because
how well you try to put a personal a positive spin on cosplay as soon as it hits tv it's nothing
but drama drama drama drama drama and people are complaining about how it's gonna wreck the
community no you just brought everybody together I'm sure you know what if somebody did a reality
show about orange lounge radio there'd be oh my god the shit talking right like that because
that's what tv does and that's that's what would happen even though you know what we all we all get
along mostly when it when it comes to no for real we all get along great when it comes to you know
time to do the show the run for president do we do we have our disagreements behind the scenes
sure once in a while but they're disagreements among friends don't if you don't shut up what
are you talking about you don't know shit I'm totally judging you it no in all seriousness like
any argument we have behind the scenes is like like I think if any friendship goes forever with
no disagreements it's like that's that's almost boring yeah that sounds right also on the same
token when you're arguing it kind of brings the friendship stronger because you got from points
of view that you bring it to the table yeah and then when you're tired of arguing you look at
Jamie like you want a drink let's have a drink that's right that's right I had seven last night
any problem can be solved with liberal amounts of booze uh so you know what I I like that as a um
great response to you know just just the the people that felt a little bit like um uh that
maybe maybe picked on in their fandom or whatever from last week's show is just like you know hey
let's let's let's fight it out then have some drinks exactly and Rob even though you can't
you said you're like the only gay nerd in your town I feel you I was the only I felt like I was
the only black nerd in my town I'm like I'm the only one that's renting anime is it just me or
you know it's definitely not just you I know I figured that out like about a couple of years
later I'm like I find another guy I'm pointing I'm like I'm not the only one I feel so I don't
I feel better about myself now right right it's it's awesome yeah I know I know and now I now I
feel so silly it's like oh I know tons of gay nerds it's awesome but like in the past it was
always like god I feel so alone and I don't know anything about fashion and I'm gonna be you know
I'm gonna be single for the rest of my life and thank god I was wrong so true that all right all
right well uh take care Raman thanks so much for the call it was a good one hey no problem and by
the way just because I have a GameStop power-up rewards card that doesn't mean you get to fully
judge me oh snap all right uh no judgment happening here Ron you know what I am totally
not doing right now not judging me but I will say no I'm not not judging you I'm just not judging
you let me just say this now get out of here like I said I'm Bobby Sho when you guys find out that
I actually paid for a membership for the power pro rewards y'all can come to my house kick my ass
take all my consoles and leave at that point I no longer deserve to be a gamer I'll hold you to that
because I want some new consoles that's the reason why I called in to put it on public
records sounds good take care buddy anime jam session Tuesday nights here at VOG listen
got that right all right take care buddy all right bye 1877 game OLR or a username on skype
orange lounge radio but we do have another call coming in so let's get to it hi you're on orange
lounge radio who's this hey what's up guys this is Kai Judo hey Kai Judo what's on your mind buddy
and uh you know you always say this is the show where every gamer has a voice and um I just want
to voice my opinion on this whole uh supposed console war do it um yeah me okay it can it can
be said that I'm more on the side of playstation 4 like I'll admit that like right away but it's
not so much where it's you know for me it's not really Sony versus Microsoft it's really their
policies that really pissed me off I feel that um you know I've been gaming for a long time I mean
since the early 80s I've been gaming and I just see a trend happening that I don't like in gaming
which you know I'm actually prevents me from playing a lot of games these days just for the
simple fact that a lot of stuff is becoming I call it pay as you play with all this micro
transaction shit uh Microsoft is pushing that um all this crap about you know where uh you know
where you can lend your games and who you can lend it to the crappy uh the the freaking codes
that they give you so that uh you know you can't sell your game at a game stop not that I do that
like usually I like to just buy games brand new anyway online pass but um yeah yeah I just hate
the fact that like it seems like you know um you know if you're the type of person where you trade
your games or you might not have internet access or whatever it just seems like they're like
cutting those people out like I'm like there's still people out there that don't have all these
luxuries you know and like for you you know for you to just cut those people out like it really
just rubs me the wrong way so like I've been like anti-microsoft for the longest time now I mean
having even checked into xbox live and I don't know how many days I think well since this past
summer you know so like you know I'm doing like my own type of little uh boycott that you could
call it again certain not you know not just Microsoft but I mean a lot of the different
game developers and companies that they do things that I don't necessarily agree with like I mean
the list is huge I mean there's so many things that's going on right now let me let me ask let
me ask this question because you know because the the online pass thing thankfully we're seeing that
go away in a major way most of the companies that enacted it which to be fair Sony was one of them
with their first party games most of them that enacted the the online pass have since sunsetted
it I think there's only a couple stragglers out there and to Microsoft's credit they they never
enacted the online pass on their first party games now we would have all raked them over the coals
if they had because they were already charging a fee for xbox live so that you know that's neither
here nor there but I guess my point I'm trying to make with this is when a when a company comes
out and says you know what we were wrong we made the wrong decision which I think Microsoft kind
of did since e3 is that is that not is that not what you want or what what is it what can the
gaming companies do to win your fandom back uh just I mean you know just pretty much I would say
as far as as far as when it comes to lending your lending your games out trading your games
you know like I said people like to go into game stop and sell them whatever as far as that type of
stuff goes don't you know don't try to put all these policies to get extra money out of people
that do that like let let people do do what they've been doing for years don't interfere
with that sell your game for 59.99 as once the person buys it you know that that that should be
your income right there you shouldn't charge people again to trade something in or whatever
the other crap that you're doing out there let let me buy my shit and own my shit when I pay 60
bucks for your game I own that game right and especially with um like I said with these micro
transactions I mean everybody everybody everybody's pretty much getting their hands dirty into
something like um even steam I would even go out to steam and say that a few things that they're
doing I don't necessarily agree with this um I don't know if you guys are aware of this but
they have this new thing now where it's um the early access have you guys seen this yes I have
in fact I I actually have a game with early access yeah yeah I bought into that too I actually have
two games that are early access that you know they pretty much I mean from what I can see they
look like they're like completed games but when you look at it you're like what the hell is going
on now like we're actually paying now for it incomplete games like like these are like alpha
games these are not even they're not even in beta you know a little minecraft you know what's
interesting though about that kaijuto is I think kickstarter showed that there was a market for
that yeah true so it's it's it it is weird it's weird to think that we are in that place with
gaming but I think a lot of it and I've expressed this before and I think it's important to note
let's not forget Microsoft realized they made a mistake there and they're they're trying to
correct it for better or for worse I think that's important to note but as far as like the steam
stuff goes and I remember saying this back when we all thought that this was the way Microsoft
was going to go before they reversed I sort of said you know what I think it really depends how
much they're going to charge for a game and I still kind of stand by that because I would have
been totally fine with Microsoft's new policies if they were only charging 20 30 bucks for the game
was that what was going to bring the price down from the 60 limit which let's be real is still a
little high one of the perks of steam and one of the reasons why people use steam steam sale and
being able to buy games for literally a dollar I bought dlc quest for a dollar and so it's kind of
one of those all right so it's a digital copy and I'll never be able to sell it back it cost me a
dollar and I'm like totally okay with that yeah I just finished um getting all the dlc that I needed
for Skyrim and also picking up Morrowind on steam so you know I like I like steam for that but I
mean um like I said it just it just looks like it to me I just don't like the uh the direction
that things seem to be going in the the reason why I'm so anti-microsoft is just for the simple fact
that inside me even though I'm pretty sure that um you know I'm the little man here it may never
be effective but for me it's like I feel okay Microsoft is kind of leading this charge if I
could find some way to uh to you know not not really to uh not really to uh um not really to
make uh to make people go my way or see things my way but if I could find some way to just uh
pretty much let them know that you know we don't agree with this or whatever you know maybe they'll
start to uh change the policies like they did with the uh you know with the uh xbox one how they
reverted everything back yeah I'm just hoping that and more people hop on that and more people get on
Microsoft and all the other people that are doing this type of you know these types of things then
maybe we'll be able to uh get some balance you know I just want some balance in the um in the
gaming world doesn't seem like it's that it just seems like pretty soon they're just gonna you know
they're just gonna walk all over the little man and there isn't much that can be done unless unless
us as gamers you know we start with all this console war crap and we see things for what they
are you know we tell them hey you know we don't like we don't like microtransactions or you know
maybe you can fix it you know stuff like that let me let me get this out let me get this out
before we let you go because I think this is important to say because you know there's going
to be people sitting at home or in the office listening to this podcast right now that is
thinking this guy is crazy this guy needs to let it go this guy has too much hatred for easily you
know there's people sitting there thinking that right oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean I come across
it all the time sure yeah but I think there's a good comment in the chat room that kind of plays
into both sides of this here and I think I think this is important this is from Chris109 in the
chat room at live.vognetwork.com saying yeah but the damage has been done and it takes time for
the wound to heal and I think in a way whether you personally listening to the show think
Kaijuto is overreacting or not I can certainly think you know I've gone to a place and I've
got bad service or a company did something to really irritate me and it was a while before I
tried that company again you know what I mean but I did go back at some point and either I learned
why I stopped doing it in the first place or I was like all right things are better things have
changed you know I'm happier now do you think Kaijuto that maybe that's what's going to happen
is that if Microsoft is a little more transparent in some of these policies and kind of gets that
community that they've lost that that tapped into the community if they can get some of that back
that maybe we can heal these wounds well you know me me personally I'm not you know don't don't get
me wrong like me I've already made my decision I mean my my boycott is gonna stick I mean that
you know I have to do what I have to do for myself basically like for me you know I don't want to
live in that type of gaming world so the games that I choose to purchase the companies that
choose to invest in they don't do any of that right now you know so that's what I'm doing
for myself you know like like I said I'm not out here to try and make people see things my way but
I just want people to be aware that you know the gaming world as it is now is uh it's pretty
screwed up and uh I'm just saying that people need to be aware of that stop with the console
world stuff it's not about xbox versus uh playstation 3 for some of us out there for
some of us it's more about hey you know don't you know don't cut the little man out you know
you know you know remember where gaming or you know remember what gaming was about originally
you know it was originally about fun I mean of course you have companies who you know they got
to make money you know everybody says it all the time but I mean it was always fun you know
trading with your you know trading with your friends and all this stuff and now it's just
becoming way way too political and way too like out of hand all this crap so that's what I'm
saying all right well I think you make a good point at the end of the day is it's just you
know what play play play the games because there's a lot of good stuff out there right now so right
cuz you know thank you for the call and for the perspective that could be challenging for some
I appreciate it all right all right take care buddy all right one eight seven seven game olr
our username on skype orange lounge radio interesting I just you know I have to admit
I'm kind of like I don't I mean for me it's like when Microsoft releases that game I'm gonna have
to play I have to kind of let that past go but I can understand too the whole like you know when
I really feel like I've been pissed off I'm not about to throw 500 bucks to the company anytime
soon it's very very tricky very tricky to be pissed off without the system or buy it and be
get pissed on who knows all right let's see if we get any other calls uh one I'll keep the lines
open for a little bit here while we do some twitter topics one eight seven seven game olr
or username on skype orange lounge radio act deft interesting you know says in the chat room
kaijuto may hate microsoft but at least he's not being a dick about it he was very professional
very reasonable she said this this is why this is my point whether you think I'm crazy or not
this is how it is thought that was a very well composed call um let's see going to twitter
oops sorry I a more professional host would have had twitter open already but I didn't
uh let's see if I can get to some of the at messages here all right here we go um
sj100 matt tweets us at twitter.com slash olr the community at overclocked remixed released a sonic
cd remix album covers both the japanese and better north american soundtracks I love that
he slipped that in there and better speaking of gaming wars that will never end there you go that's
a class one but check that out soniccd.ocremix.org you know what no matter which one you prefer
uh it sounds like there'll be a remix album for you and let's go have drinks
uh spazinator wants to know we talk steam sale here at olr is it quote yay steam sale or quote
god damn it a steam sale um it's a little bit of both a little bit of column a little bit a little
bit of column a little bit of column b as I know don't get me excited I mean I love games and I get
excited to play games especially when the stuff I really want to see go on sale I think that's what
it is for me it's like yay maybe this game I've really wanted to play but I just I wasn't really
convinced until it drops in price like I get excited for that but then like what where I get
pissed off is that oh I bought that and five other games what's kind of I wasn't expecting to buy
there's something that's actually kind of a kick in the nuts with steam and that's you put stuff
on the wish list and if it's generally on sale they email you but I don't think I've seen any
emails for my wish list stuff for these uh for the autumn sales or winter sales what the hell am I
saying uh the the the the sale for no reason autumn sale right yes autumn sale there'll be a winter
sale later that's that's for uh christmasy time uh 1877 game olr our username on skype orange
lounge radio uh while you get a few more tweets in here marcus boy saying I have a feeling tonight's
olr is going to be awesome yeah well it was because you plugged it so I appreciate it was
it was a good show tonight we're having fun you having fun jason absolutely worth the drive from
san francisco next time we have an interviewee in san francisco I'm gonna I'm gonna have you
show for him up here I can I can do that or I can provide better quality to the individual and
you know with my microphone set up and everything else all right well figure it out flexibility is
wonderful figure it out you're gonna be our man on the street running up and down the bay area where
all our guests usually don't put me in oakland and I'll be happy uh uh we'll have extra for handle
oakland that's where he lives um 187 he's he's he he can handle it uh 1877 game olr our username
on skype orange lounge radio um what the hell is this tweet I've got to read this tweet because
the tweet goes to some health company and it says I was a patient at olr I had the best care
when I had my appendectomy thank you happy holidays I thank god this poor woman wasn't
in the presence of loki playing surgeon simulator or her appendectomy may not have gone so well
right loki how the hell did we get that tweet spam I guess probably olr is some other surgery
company or something I don't know laparoscopic appendectomy uh moving appendix no I'm thinking
of what the olr a laparoscopic is when they that's how the l was for laparoscopic oh maybe the olr
yeah who knows who knows something I fucking don't know if it was spam then I just gave a plug to
something here on there I just went I just went to that account and their second most recent uh
it will retweet in this case but their second most recent post is retweeting a spaceship blunt
wow and they read they retweet a lot of picture stuff love it love it love it love it um let's
see some other tweets flaco jones reminding us that the bioshock triple pack is only 15
amazon damn you flaco jones damn you got it all right long time ago uh I guess that's it we don't
have oh one more one call coming in at the fucking buzzer when I was about to close it down but here
we go one more call hi you're on orange songs radio who's this hey uh this is raging here hey
rage we see you hi how you doing you need to turn down your computer unless that's the only way you
hear us just a little bit what's up buddy um well I wanted to give uh or make a somewhat serious
call uh you know this week you know don't make serious calls all right well um now all you have
you know I always have heard uh the topic is I was dealing with my cat at the time but uh
I believe you know but you I believe like the three of you or well whoever you were talking
about uh no someone linking again linking mental illness in video games to violence and uh
yes you know you know and now I'm gonna open up here a little bit and talk about something
that I generally don't talk about okay I'm mentally ill myself uh and you know I was
back in 1998 I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder
which is also known as PTSD also known as shell shock okay uh and as a result of between those
two diagnoses I generally have a hard time regulating emotions and sometimes my behavior
as a result can be a little bit off you know it can be construed as odd or unusual uh
to someone they may not have to deal with mental illness now that being said just because someone's
mentally ill you know regardless of whether they play video games or not that does not mean
they're gonna go Norman Bates on someone's ass no nor go Texas Chainsaw Massacre on someone
no one said they did well I think I don't think we did but I think the media sometimes gives that
well you know I'm just saying that's what the general you know that's what the general uh
perception is in society is that if someone someone has mental illness that's that's what
we talk about when we talk about the stigma of mental health that's that's what's out there and
thank you for opening up about that Raginator that's that's brave of you to say on the show
and I'm going to say this the reality is there's there's a lot of people like you out there and
it's funny even though I'm talking about earlier in the show I feel like the only gay nerd I bet
you're not the only nerd pardon pardon me but you you must be a bit of a nerd if you listen to the
show you're probably you're probably by far not the only nerd that suffers from the types of
conditions that you're that you're talking about that you that you just brought up and um you know
I think I think mental illness is much more common than sometimes the media and the mass perception
often gives it credit for but there's also so many variant uh varieties and for example some people
who have certain disorders don't consider it to be a mental illness for example yeah I may be
autistic I don't consider myself mentally ill you know yeah if I had well and it in a way and just
just to kind of you know because because like people get sick not mental illness but physical
illness is a person with diabetes necessarily considered themselves sick not I mean they're
managing you know I mean that's kind of what what happened right am I there's a difference because
well I mean that the better comparison and I'm not and just I am not belittling diabetes by any
mean my grandma had it and suffered from it and so forth but I'm just saying you start to kind of
you know treat it and it doesn't like it doesn't you you conduct your day-to-day life managing it
the difference would be in autism and type 1 diabetes would be closer to each other
PTSD and type 2 diabetes would be closer to each other as a comparison because something happened
that caused this it's an onset right whereas me I was born this way right so um that being said
I think what they're not also considering is that some of these people who have gone back
um were had much more severe forms of socio uh disorders had there wasn't one of them
actually diagnosed schizophrenic which means they hallucinate schizophrenic is not multiple
personality disorder there are two different things some people have complete reactions
based on trauma I know people with PTSD and I'm talking about like the uh the post-war variety
you know who you a car backfires and they're running for cover right you know that's the
type of person I would not want with a gun for example that's somebody who I wouldn't want to
have access to weapons because I've seen that instant look for panic look for defense you know
sometimes there is that but when you're you know but the average person dealing with depression or
dealing with just that you also I just want to be careful with the broad generalizations because
you also would not be the one to say who and who shouldn't exactly a professional does this not you
exactly but but my point what real quick raising you're sorry I'll let her finish the region here
we'll get back to you my point on that was saying that is that if a person is going to have a
tendency to go into a defensive mode or to go into some sort of a memory regression
you want to watch you know but you don't know who everybody is that's why there has to be better
screening that was my point sorry no no worries rage nator go ahead and get your thought out and
then I have a question for you now also one thing to consider is you know you know regardless of
what you know diagnosis that someone has be a ptsd or schizophrenia or this or other you know
some questions that should be asked is are they in some form of treatment are they seeking one-on-one
counseling are they seeing psychiatrists getting medications are they taking their
medications as prescribed you know and it's usually taking up this pill or this pill
at the right you know levels you know dosages every day consistently at the right time
so and so forth and I mean you know if they're not you know they're not seeking you know treatments
uh not taking their medications as prescribed if they're abusing street drugs or alcohol
then yeah their their behavior is going to get far far worse and plus if
they and if you also you know one thing to consider is on top of that
ninth or more often than not the mentally ill is the the victim of crimes you know
relative to perpetrator if you know you know if let's say uh hydrasically speaking I don't know
you know you're Sacramento at all so I don't know what areas of town are the good
side sites of town where aren't where the homeless tend to be so and so forth but
if you can think of what area area that the homeless and the mentally ill tend to congregate
and you happen to be on the street up to no good chances are you're gonna probably
if you want an easy mark you're gonna probably go after the people that
won't put out much of a fight which probably will be the mentally ill you know so you know
what's new great well yeah you'll hear about the guy with schizophrenia that first some woman off
of a training platform that woman gets killed but there are the exceptions to the rule not
the world itself you know right and chances are there that person that can't take their medication
or you know was doing wasn't alcohol alcohol drugs a few hours earlier or multiple whatever so
rage nator let me let me ask you this and and and then we we will unfortunately I mean we can
make a whole show out of this topic but we do have to wrap up for the night but rage nator let
me ask you this because because you did share with us some pretty private information about
your life and so forth and there is that stigma out there that you know video games are bad and
video games make you uh want to do bad things how do you think rage nator maybe you don't have an
answer for this but I want to try and ask it anyway uh rage nator how do you think video games
help you uh well in the times that I stressed out you know or depressed you know let's say I'm
feeling uh severe depression you know depression symptoms or there's some kind of stimulus outside
that's really educating me one way or another uh and I use my video games as my primary
coping uh coping mechanism to deal with uh the symptoms uh like uh at least prior to my ps3
being uh stolen I would either play flower or super stardust hd and now obviously flower is
a very relaxing game yeah very much or but regardless of the game now I'll focus in on that
game for a while and for all intents and purposes while playing the game the rest of the world
and my own thoughts no don't exist I just focusing on completing the level with being the level being
the ai doing whatever and after a while uh things go back to normal and I use air quotes uh well
normal for me right now sure sure and you know what's a great well that doesn't work 100 percent
of time once a great well is so bad that I do need to be hospitalized case in point uh
February 12th uh second of last year I did have to go to hospital for the suicide attempt but
sorry to hear that but generally speaking the video games do work no no they help me focus in
something else besides the the symptoms so well thank you for um sharing some very deeply personal
stuff with us um but you know again to tie it back to something I was talking about at the
beginning of the show sometimes it's about getting outside that bubble and there might be people out
there that like don't kind of realize it and so maybe now they're thinking about it because you
you said something about it here on the show so I really appreciate you opening up and uh how dare
I suggest that you aren't capable of making a serious call because it was a very serious call
thank you for that perspective don't I feel like a jackass definitely thank you though but I mean
and this is one thing that I think everybody has a responsibility to do and that's educate yourself
and people don't often think about educating themselves on something that's outside their
comfort level their comfort zone walk walk a mile in somebody else's shoes because at least at the
end of the day if nothing else you you have their shoes you have their shoes and you're a mile away
all right yeah but but that was you know thank thank you for giving some incentive for education
as well appreciate it sure all right rage nader I gotta I gotta end it up and end up the show
thank you but thank you buddy have a good one sure no problem have a nice night all right you
too uh props to rage nader says act deaf in our chat room there we go all right uh whoo
and to think I almost didn't take that call because we were on our way out of here but now
we are definitely on our fingers we're hovering over the altar just by time I know I was like
am I gonna take it am I gonna take all right we're gonna take it so and it was a really really um
insightful call heavy stuff on tonight's show my god we covered a lot of good stuff tonight
it was a this is a damn good show this was what this was one for the emmys I have I don't know
if they give emmys to podcast but if they did I'd be submitting this one I have one last fun silly
thing okay good good please has anybody ever actually made it to the bottom of the steam
cell page yeah and you've seen the fact that it's upside down yeah you notice the fact that it says
spring yeah yeah no instead of autumn and if you actually use that navigation your experience will
be temporarily upside down as well on on some pages not all you go all the way to the bottom
you hit featured items you get the featured item pages where autumn is on bottom and everything is
upside down you scroll to the top spring sale is oriented right side up incredibly silly but
hilarious and I figure most people just scroll down until they see a game as soon as the game
stopped being listed by yeah I'll have multi-button didn't get steam card didn't care
exactly all right uh well and then for Australia since they're all upside down and it's spring
there that's that's a joke it's a joke our our chat system at work we have a plug-in for it so
anybody that's low even visiting anybody that's uh located as in the southern hemisphere that we
rotate their avatars upside down that's amazing I love it it's called the Aussies plug-in all right
uh Jason since you do have the mic I want to thank you for being here on the show yet again
always I know you're going to be a familiar face while you're in town over the next month but it's
uh it's great to have you here and um I I guess I'll ask you if you have any final thoughts
before we see you next week I'll be continuing to say this because we're not even here yet but
have a mighty fine holiday season well it already started if you think about it with the uh
thanksgiving cup already so there you go and schools are going to start letting out real fast
here and new systems and all the uh fancy exciting hellabaloo all right uh lowkey your
final thought tonight so they're giving away uh some uh codes for mrs explosion man in the maw
and aqua and stuff at mcdonald's really it's part of a promotion you know with xbox one stuff
chicken mcnuggets all week long this is why you're back it's like when taco bell was giving away the
ps4 uh I did like and oh and never mind uh I have a couple final thoughts here real quick and uh
one uh it looks like it looks like some of you chatters are having a spirited debate right now
so don't don't forget like rama and I were talking about earlier go have a drink at the end of the
day I know you will uh and then my other final thought is um I neglected to plug this earlier
in the show uh during because I was I was trying to speed along with everything else uh but I do
want to mention it's kind of an additional housekeeping thing and I'll remind you guys at
the top of the show next week uh there is a new raffle at vog network.com and if you would like
to enter to win a $20 gift card for your choice either xbox live nintendo network steam playstation
network or itunes I think those are the five you get to win your choice uh check out all the details
vognetwork.com raffle all you have to do participate and by listening to olr you participated
and have a chance to win so check that all out and congratulations to fifth dream who won the
very first vog network raffle we gave away cards against humanity and uh he got it so good job the
just the single game like the starter that's not the big but the starter set thing that's kind of
hard to find notice but um I read or I saw on reddit apparently uh if you cut the top of the box
yes but that's that's the uh that's the whole shebang that's that's not what we gave away we
gave away like an original starter yeah so um lastly but not least lee dark soccer your final
thought tonight I'm gonna learn archery next summer you're gonna be just like uh was Gina
Davis she was the actress from Thelma and Louise who ended up taking a bar tree
okay I have a hunting another I have a hunting bow that I'd like to learn how to shoot you'll be
like Katniss Everdeen in the hunger games that movie was so fucking long it was just like so
that wasn't the first thing you said I know right I need to borrow your books
uh they're on a kindle unfortunately but maybe if you ask Alan really nicely about your eyelashes
he'll let you borrow it for a week so you can read them I I just will put it on my give access
to the internet I like physical books so oh fair enough I don't know all right uh also because I
always like to say this is the end of the show I really want to thank you guys for uh listening
to orange launch radio and participating with the show this week whether you were here live
at vog network.com or you listen on the podcast feed or stitcher or youtube or whatever we just
want to thank you for uh sticking with it all the way to the end of the show there were some
tough topics tonight and a lot of variety of stuff and here you are you made it all the way
through the show we really appreciate your support I loved the chat room by the way because I love
intelligent debate and oh my god they were giving it to me and I never get that from my mother
you you you look like you're about ready to smoke a cigarette like that was a good debate
not that I'm endorsing smoking for the record I find mental stimulation a lot more encouraging
a lot more of a turn on than well all righty then you know what I mean it's it's I find it
to be a lot more satisfying than other things if you found yourself stimulated by tonight's
orange lounge radio then we want to invite you guys to uh please spread the word about the show
and what are you laughing about over there that was not so not to waste the segue but your your
your tone the tonal aspect of doing that carrying it over from what was going on to your normal
outro was phenomenal thank you literally it was very good and then I broke myself on the back
thank you very much sir all right okay uh that's it we're on out of here uh if you like the show
please tell a friend or five about the show help us spread the word nice reviews on itunes
they go a very long way we really appreciate it happy whatever you want to come over the next
few weeks hug samia okay yeah all right happy happy hanukkah whatever it is you want to celebrate
have a good one it's night tonight and uh that's it we'll see you next week uh bye you've been
listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us
for a live show tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views
and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange
lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true see you next week
so
