The Video Game Awards have come and gone and some exciting news has come out of it.
Telltale picks up not one but two huge franchises slated for 2014.
While one may be the worst kept secret, the other may surprise you.
Your reactions, phone calls, and more on the show where every video gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode 530 for this December the 8th of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me over the next few hours to talk video games and
gaming culture and gamer lulls and probably a lot of other miscellaneous talk too.
We have to fill three hours somehow.
She's joining me as she does every week.
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Educated.
Educated.
The more you know.
Did you read a book today?
No, I've been watching documentaries all week.
Because that's what LeVar Burton taught me growing up.
Take a look, it's in a book.
Reading Rainbow.
Exactly.
I've been watching documentaries all week.
Oh, there you go.
They've been very interesting.
When I first got Netflix, or I should say, well when Netflix was first first out it was
only the DVDs, right?
So when I first got the Netflix streaming, whenever that was, it was a couple of years
ago, right?
Well, you know, ish.
One of the first things I did is I binged watched documentaries.
Like I went through that phase too because, you know, Netflix streaming doesn't always
have a lot of the current stuff, but they have a lot of the really like low budget,
I'm using my pointy fingers, like documentaries and stuff.
So it's a great thing to binge on.
There's actually YouTube channels now that are all documentaries.
And I've been watching a series called Extraordinary People on I think a few years ago in the UK.
And they really, really, really like autistic savants, but they meet people all over the
world.
It's actually really cool.
And a lot of surgery ones too, like people with odd growths on their face.
Speaking of British, I noticed that Netflix is, and this is like a paid advertisement
for them.
We don't get paid.
Pay us Netflix.
There's no little code we have or anything, but they do, they have a lot of BBC and British
programming on there.
I noticed that too, which is pretty awesome.
So do not insult Reading Rainbow by applying My Little Pony to it.
What are you looking at?
Our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Of course you can join us in our chat.
What did Act Def say there?
Oh, Reading Rainbow dash.
Live.vognetwork.com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Also joining us here in studio tonight.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm fine.
Awesome.
Awesome.
So, you know, there's a little, little parlor game that some of our chatters like to play,
which is what food did Loki bring to the show tonight?
And an old favorite returns tonight.
I haven't seen you bring this in like six months, but what did you bring to the show
tonight?
Triple bacon pizza.
Triple bacon pizza.
Good for the heart.
Low in sodium.
Yep.
All right.
Amazing.
I'll enjoy it.
Also joining us in the studio tonight as he has been on and off since Thanksgiving because
he's spending the holidays in the area.
So why not give it up for VX Jason XV, X, Y, Z, L, N, O, P.
DBQ LOL.
I'm sure everybody's very surprised to hear my voice again, but always great to be here
as usual.
And always nice to have you.
I'm it's we get adjacent for the holidays.
It's my Christmas present to everybody.
No, it's, it's, it's always great to have you are we, the more people in the studio,
the merrier, you know, unfortunately you don't get a lot of, it would be great if we were
all in San Francisco or something where a lot of people kind of come through and make
you losers drive an hour and a half to get down there to me.
Yeah.
In Sacramento, it's a little harder to get the people up here to actually sit in studio
with us.
But, uh, you know, if you're ever in the area, let me know, always open a guest.
It's it's, it's, it's conveniently located.
You guys have an airport, you guys have a train station, you don't have an airport and
running water, the whole government in California, 40 degree temperature week.
And yeah, isn't that hilarious?
How cold I'm using my 20 fingers, how cold it is right now.
But it's like I tell people, um, you know, or like when it rains, you know, dark soccer
loves to say, California, you guys don't know the rain.
You got to spend some time in the south where it really rains or you know, what have you.
But what about the rains in South Africa?
What about the rains in Spain?
Falls mainly on the plane.
Okay.
Toto.
Um, uh, uh, the record, the weather right now is like February in Alabama.
Well, I was gonna say though, one thing to keep in mind, we're not built for certain
things.
Like if it were to rain here, like it is in the south, we'd all be under water.
We'd be part of the ocean, right?
And now all of your houses would fall over.
And with the cold, you know, we have, we have like outdoor pipes and stuff here is
very common.
And when it gets really cold.
And houses made out of plywood.
Yeah.
Wrap your pipes, bring your pets in cause it's just not normal here.
So you've never had to know the pleasure of filling your bathtub full of water and putting
a teaspoon of bleach in it so that you have clean water when your water stops working
after a hurricane.
No thank you.
You've never seen a tree the width of this table be uprooted right in front of your eyes.
I will take the earth shaking randomly under my feet any day.
I will take a hurricane any day.
So it's 36 degrees here right now.
Is this when I, is this when we play guess what it is in Colorado right now?
Negative 20 I'm sure.
Close.
That's the feels like.
No.
It is currently nine degrees and will be one degree before the show is over.
Wow.
What up G in chat at live.voggenetwork.com says, I love the snowball games today.
You know, not, not that we talk a lot about sports ball here on, here on OLR, but I got
to say, I actually saw some of that game today.
Yes I did.
I saw some footballs today and uh, that was hardcore that they were out there playing
in the snow and like it's the type of thing where like that you can't even see the damn
lines that like they have to project the lines out there cause you can't even see them cause
the damn snow.
They're paid employees.
They better play in any kind of conditions.
Oh no Rob, you were, you were a band geek.
So how about this marching competition in the snow?
We never had the snow, but we had to do field show once in the pouring rain and so many
of us slipped and fell.
Like I slipped and fell in a mud thing, but you just get right back up and keep going.
The last marching band competition I did was in Prattville, Alabama, which Prattville,
um, and it was in the snow and we were all fucking cold and you had all the clarinet
players that had the fingers cut out of their gloves.
Did you play clarinet?
No, Jamie played saxophone.
All right.
Anyhow we could talk band geek stories all night, but it is a video gaming show.
So let's get back to the topic of video games at hand.
Uh, tonight's kickoff topic.
Ricky is actually going to start us off with our kickoff topic tonight.
It's something a lot of people on Twitter and everything's been talking about.
So I'm sure some of you are wondering when we were going to bring it up.
So here you go.
Yeah.
It's just, we're going to talk a little bit about the VGX award show thing that they had
yesterday on spike and it was also streamed on Twitch and all that fun stuff.
Lots of interesting things coming out of that.
Um, mostly just some new trailers for things, um, announcements of some things we'll get
into later in the show.
Some other stuff we'll get into later and, um, uh, at least one cool game that, um, or
brand new game that I saw, um, well actually it was several brand new games, but one from
like an indie developer, um, that was, uh, no man's sky that looked pretty awesome.
It was kind of stole the show and at least that seems to be the consensus.
Um, I saw that trailer cause I did not watch the VGX, but I, I, and I kind of always said,
I'm like, any of the good stuff will be on YouTube afterwards.
So yeah.
I did see that trailer and it was, it was neat, but I couldn't like, I was like, well,
what's the game?
Like, you know, it looked neat how it was going from underwater to land, a sky to space
in just like one fluid motion and the art style was very neat.
So yeah, I was kind of like, Oh, this is neat, but what is it a shooter?
Cause I see bullets being counted in the corner.
Is it a, what the heck game is it?
I don't know.
Yeah.
That's the only thing that kind of gets me about it is I'm like, all right, cool story,
bro.
What's the game?
It just looks interesting.
Yeah.
And then, you know, I, I look forward to the next chapter and what this game's on.
I'm not dissing the game.
It looked really good, but I just, I'm curious, you know, well, okay.
What else is there?
Well, okay.
So basically the, the main thing about this is there's been a lot of conflicting opinions
about the show since this is going to kind of a whole change of venue for, you know,
the VGAs.
Now it's this new, there's no audience really.
It's just kind of this studio set and they have developers on, they're interviewing them
with different things.
To me, it seemed like a very long version of, you know, their game trailers show that
they normally have on, on Spike and except, you know, they gave out awards and they had
Joel McHale and a lot of people didn't like Joel McHale because they thought he was just,
you know, hating on the entire show and not taking anything seriously.
And which, I mean, if you're a paid presenter, you're, I don't think that he's doing that
on purpose.
But whatever, um, and you know, he made some major faux pas as well.
That should be called out.
Like he, and to some people you may go, Oh, what's the big deal.
But you know, again, if you're trying to break out of that whole machismo, you know, gaming
culture and it's only for a certain type of people, especially coming off last week when
we had a guest that was really talking about inclusive games, you know, Joel McHale made
a pretty off joke in the first 10 minutes of the show, something about Wario getting
a sex change, which can be construed as transphobic, which, you know, I realize there's a fine
line between are we too sensitive about getting offended easily and you know, and so forth.
But it's just kind of the thing where it's like, you know, I just, as a joke like that
kind of just leaves me very like sour puss face when we're all about trying to include
more people in gaming culture.
Let's get away from gaming being just about dude bros and, and that sort of thing.
But I don't know, maybe Spike TV feels some sort of allegiance to that demographic.
I don't know.
But I just, when I, again, I didn't watch it, but I heard about it and I was just kind
of, I just kind of made a sour face.
Well, some of the things like that he said were kind of ironic, I guess, because you
know, the whole thing he's like, he's like, yeah, we're going to have lots of, you know,
trailers and demos and basically stuff that you can consider one long giant, you know,
video game commercial or something.
And I understand that it's supposed to be a joke, but at the same time, that's kind
of what this is.
It's just a big fucking commercial for these games.
And that's why the whole thing kind of seems like a joke in the first place.
If you want to say even more of a joke than the VGA's were, at least the VGA's was actually
presented like an award show and you could kind of imagine, or at least you make believe
that it's an award show and not necessarily something that is used to drive certain properties
ahead and good for marketing and that kind of stuff.
But I just don't know, it's harder to take this seriously, especially when they come
out of the gate looking like this and it looks ridiculous.
It's kind of like, you know, if we had a bigger budget or like if someone had a bigger budget
out there and just filmed themselves talking about what they think is the best games, even
though I know that they had an internet poll to nail down some of those winners and stuff.
But I just, I don't know, I can't really take it seriously.
Let me ask this question, then why do we, as a gaming culture, I mean these things only
have enough clout and power as we give it, why do we continue, and I'm even accusing
ourselves here, why are we even talking about it?
Why is gaming culture obsessed with this show?
Because Spike TV clearly wrote it off, they'd rather air cops rerun it.
I think people are more obsessed about the show because of the exclusive trailers and
stuff that they show off.
It's basically the new stuff that we get to see that people, I don't think really a lot
of people, aside from getting an affirmation that, hey, X series that I like got an award
or something like that, look, I'm justified in my liking this series or something, or
complaining about that.
The general video game culture conflict between different people and opinions and stuff like
that.
But for me, that's kind of one of the reasons I would tune in, is just because of the new
trailers.
And yeah, I know I could swatch them online, which I was going to do, but I just saw that
there was a link to a stream, oh yeah, I didn't know they were streaming that online, I checked
out about 10 minutes of it, and thankfully saw that trailer for No Man's Sky, my son
was watching too, and he's like, I want to see that trailer again, I want to see that
trailer again.
Let me get a couple comments here, Jamie.
Well, I was just thinking that, part of me wonders how much of it is driven by sponsors.
If they're getting X amount of revenue dollars, then they have a continued reason to keep
doing it in whatever way they want to, as long as they keep getting the money in, right?
Of course.
Jason?
I was just going to say, it's the leaving sports ball on in the background to watch
the commercials effect.
So you think a lot of people were watching it very passively, where it's like, well,
it's a Saturday, there's nothing better.
Award shows are long, and there's enough, it's something that you don't necessarily
have to see just until you have to.
So you can glean a lot of information by having it on and having it around in lieu
of doing something else, but then as soon as they talk about a studio that you really
enjoy or a game you're chomping at the bit to see more content of, it's like, okay, now
I'm going to pay attention, I'm going to give my active attention to this instead of my
passive attention.
And also the thing kind of represents, a lot of people think Jeff is kind of a corporate
sellout, especially with the whole Doritos and Mountain Dew thing, and they have him
dress up like the Doritos pope and stuff.
Well, this is almost like an example of corporate sellout type of thing.
I'm going to say something that actually might surprise some people.
I'm going to defend him a little bit, because I kind of think at his core, he is really
not a sellout.
I actually think at his core, he really is a gamer like you and me wanting to do a job
out there.
I think to some extent what's happened is, it's either this or nothing.
And I think he kind of realizes that.
In some ways, I think this was kind of a last ditch effort to kind of save this sort of
thing on Spike.
I mean, let's be real, it wasn't on TV.
This thing was on its way out the door of broadcast TV or whatever.
However they want to spin it, the reality is they showed cops reruns instead.
So I kind of think at his core, he wants to do good things, but unfortunately there's
only so much those sponsor people and the suits and the people that are so out of touch
to this are willing to go.
So maybe that's why he was open to the idea of turning to the internet and trying to let
it sort of go a new direction and so forth.
So I give him credit for that, but unfortunately it's kind of one of those, this was your chance
and you blew it.
Well here's the thing is, I don't think that it, why is everyone so situated on the fact
that this stuff needs to be on TV?
Most people nowadays, especially in the gaming community, don't watch a lot of TV.
It's all about internet stuff now, all internet broadcast shows.
Hell, you have people that used to be on TV like Adam Sessler doing web shows now.
You know, I'm sure that he could easily, hell, he's backed by game trailers.
He could easily go to game trailers and have his own damn show that's more serious and
still has the same type of people on there.
And he doesn't have to bow to the corporate sponsors of Spike or whatever, MTV, to have
all this nonsense that's in there.
That's what I think they need to do.
There is definitely a way out of, it's not this or nothing, there's plenty of options
out there.
It's just they try to do it again, and props to Spike for at least still considering gaming
as a viable thing to have on their network, because fuck, G4 just gave up on that.
Let me go to the chatroom, because there's a lot of comments on this, of course, in the
chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, it is the show where every gamer has a voice after all.
ActDeaf says, again, take out Joel and it would have been fine.
BlackWolf says, I like what they tried to do, but they needed to do it, not try.
And I bet, again, that's a little bit of the battle between the suits and so forth.
Bobby also goes on to say, you know, Jeff has done some amazing journalism stuff.
Jeff's The Final Hours reporting is wonderful, and I think a lot, I don't know a lot of people
that would argue with that.
Exactly, and that's why it's kind of a disappointment.
I mean, his game trailer show's good, you know, I have nothing bad to say about that.
It's a great show.
And it's just, it's kind of embarrassing that he's this good, and yet here's this.
Here's a couple other comments that are really deep, and this is really good stuff.
SSJ100Matt says, and this is in response to why do these awards even exist and so forth.
SSJ100Matt says, because we're a society that needs a winner and a loser in something.
Award shows in general give people validation that their favorite thing is better than other
people's favorite thing.
Be damned if that doesn't hit the nail on the head.
100%.
100%.
Absolutely.
I mean, and that's not even just games.
I just talked about football a minute ago.
I mean, isn't that kind of the big thing behind football?
My team's better than your team, right?
I mean, that's a lot of culture right there.
They have even the Espys.
Oh, yeah, well, yeah, and it's just not even, it's not even just that.
The Oscars.
Especially western culture.
The Oscars, right?
People get obsessed with being able to call the Oscar pool or whatever at work and that
whole thing.
I mean, that's just a part of culture.
Absolutely.
And especially in gaming.
Xbox One fanboys versus Sony fanboys versus Nintendo fanboys.
That absolutely goes on.
Well, then you've got the other people who just laugh at them.
Let's see.
Also in our chat room.
I was actually going to say, but even that in and of itself is sort of a, some people
sort of get on their high horse about not being competitive.
Right, right.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, there is.
I mean, you have to have a little fun with it and you know, it's, you don't want it to
be the kind of thing where, oh, everybody wins an award because you know, I'm the kind
of guy that owns every console and I give everybody a fair opportunity.
I would like their income.
You know, Dan and I, Dan and I used to be in that boat and now we just like, we're kind
of like, we don't care anymore.
I guess.
Seriously, if I was making an income that he's probably making on, you know, that show,
I will wear a fucking Doritos Pope hat.
I don't care on TV.
I will sell out.
Akuma JP says my milkshake is better than yours.
Could you teach me?
Would you have to charge?
I have more boys in the yard.
Thank you for that, Jason.
Uh, when you're the one just sprouted up, when you're editing this, when you're editing
this week's show, be sure to crop out that little sense.
All right.
Uh, no, I really want to read this serious comment from Scott, a Tron, cause this is important
to in our chairman at live.com Scott, a Tron says, Joel kept making jokes about gamers
being virgins and living in their mother's basement.
Exactly what gamers want to hear during an award show for the gaming industry.
Just dumb.
If you ask me and you know, I had that criticism.
When I came back from gamer X, I had a few choice words to say about one of the monologues
that I saw Pandora box give who, you know, she kind of made a lot of those jokes too.
And I'm like, okay, Pandora, you might be at like a G L B T Q I that whole thing quilt
bag or whatever it is.
You might be at one of these types of conventions, but it's also a gaming convention.
Don't get, don't get up here and offend gamers either.
And that was something I, you know, as much as I love her and still do, I just was really
put off by that.
Uh, when I came back from that, I just think Joel's material, maybe he's a little old cause
he was kind of doing that, you know, at the Ubisoft stuff when he, um, you know, was hosting
that.
It's just, it's getting new material, uh, but Rama counters with this and says, if geeks
can't make fun of themselves, then what the fuck are we?
But I don't know.
I think it's a little bit different when it is someone that you count on to do it appropriately.
Yeah, I agree.
And I don't agree.
Like I do agree.
We have to be able to get offended a little bit and that's why I'm not here raging more
about some of this, but it's kind of like one of those things where it's like, okay,
the, you're living in your basement shit is old.
It's old.
Joke is old.
Yeah.
It's kind of like these jokes we've heard before.
It's kind of like someone named Richard and someone calling him Dick is like, ah, yeah,
I've never heard that before.
You know, it's very sex change joke is just like you, you can do better than that.
It's tacky.
You can do better than that.
Like, especially in this day and age, like you're smarter than that.
It's like if you're going to go for the insulting jokes to be fun, to be funny, go from the
Lampanelli page, but don't, you know, don't think that you're actually being funny.
Go look at South Park cause I think that shit's really funny, but granted they offend everybody
and it's just, but anyway, that show has gotten incredibly stupid.
I don't know.
The last few episodes are pretty good.
All right.
Um, anyhow, so, so whatever.
I mean, again, I'm not, I'm not like, Oh my God, I'm so mad about the VGX.
I'm not mad about the VGX by any means.
Yeah.
That's kind of where I'm at.
I'm like literally asking the question where I'm like, why is this such a big fucking deal?
Kind of disappointed that there wasn't anything like, you know, a fallout four trailer and
it was just like, it's like, Hey, here's a new trailer for Titanfall.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wish there was more new game announcements, you know, it was just kind of like, you know,
new trailers for games that we've already seen.
Keep in mind, we're at the halfway point between E3's too.
So I think there is definitely a, uh, a drive out there, a call for like a winter E3 type
of thing.
And I think the video game awards are a winter E3, a winty three, a wintry three, wintry
three.
Yeah.
That type of thing.
You know what I mean?
Like a, like something, some news to be a tent pole between the different E3's, you
know, just something to kind of keep us going until the next one.
But I don't know.
I felt the announcements that came out of previous, the, the, the VGX's or whatever
were, were better, were stronger.
You know what I mean?
Then, then what we got this year, steam is more exciting.
Steam sales are a lot more exciting.
I probably shouldn't ask this question, but it just kind of spring to mind listening to
this.
Collectively, the four of us, are we out of touch?
No, Jason, because we're gamers and this is, this is, this is something we talked about
a little bit last week.
I don't think we're out of, I don't think we're out of touch because again, the crux
of the show is where every gamer has a voice.
We are gamers.
We have voices.
We use them.
So maybe that, maybe that's the wrong question to ask, but I, I really wish I could remember
the detail of something that I was thinking about in one of these last couple of weeks,
but basically what it boils down to is that there are, there are obviously multiple sides
to everything and there is nothing, there is nothing wrong with, with one individual's
opinion against the other.
They're both right, despite the points we just made five minutes ago.
But it's kind of like we, it's, it seems weird to me because collectively we've said the
same, it feels like we've said the same thing for a month, a big collective sigh at the
future, despite the fact that consoles continue to shatter all records constantly, console
sales and everything.
So out of touches, that was definitely the wrong question to ask, but I want to, it would
be very interesting to find how we, how we deviated from the fact that almost all of
us, if not all of us owned every console of the last generation, it was like, you know,
we grew up, we grew up with our parents and we had the one that we wanted or the one that
our parents got us.
And then we grew up more and we, we went for more and more.
And then we had jobs and we had income and we invested in the entire generation and took
everything in.
And now we're here, the door is open, we can do what we want and we'll get there.
But let me tell you where I think your viewpoint skewed a little bit because I mean, I, I get
where you're going with, with this, but there's, there's a couple of things that caught my
ear there.
One is that it's not that the future looks bleak for gaming.
I don't believe that.
It's just none of us were ready to jump on the bandwagon right now.
There's not the games to justify that right now.
But to say the future looks bleak, not necessarily.
There's some very exciting things on the horizon and, and we continue to push things forward.
I'll give you a great example, Jason.
It's something we don't talk about enough here on the show, the Oculus Rift.
Really freaking cool, right?
I know Bobby Blackwell's gonna back me up on that.
That quite literally changes everything because it was done, it was done to an incredibly
limited extent in the nineties and then it meaningfully disappeared until last year.
So does the future of gaming look bleak?
No.
As we get one step closer to the holodeck, the future of gaming looks awesome.
It is awesome because now we're going to get a new lawnmower man movie.
But do they, but do they, do they need my money right now?
I don't think so.
Jason, if you think back to those consoles you did have as a kid, how many of them did
your family really get on launch day?
I know my family.
Yes.
We had a Super Nintendo.
We had a Nintendo.
I got a PlayStation.
None of those consoles did I have in the first year.
And in some cases, I think a Super Nintendo was out for like three years before I got
one.
I have never owned a console on launch day.
See when you're, when you're the big kid and you get to make the purchases, then you get
to, you know, kind of make some more of those decisions.
So it's not that we don't support the next generation of gaming by not getting those
consoles right away.
We just get there eventually.
I just go, the realistic is, you know, now I've got to juggle the rest of the bills and
so on.
Anyway, Jamie, I know you're done.
Here's the other thing too, is that we have experience to back us up where we have been
there for system launches and we have gotten things close to launch window.
You know, I mean, Dan and I waited in line for our, um, our Dreamcast.
I waited in line for a Wii, you know, actually Kristen and I bribed our place in line.
In line at target with, with Krispy Kreme, um, you know, the other systems, Dan was able
to get day one because he managed a GameStop, you know, we've had the ends.
We took advantage of it, but now it's like we have that experience of the disappointment
that's come afterwards.
Well, okay.
The, the Chinese weren't off Dan's done with, you know, Twilight princess.
What do we do now?
Um, I could sit here and try to play, uh, trauma center on Vicodin cause that was right
after my surgery too, you know, sorry, go ahead.
I'm just saying that a lot of the people that you see waiting in line now aren't people
who have more done, you know, maybe game launch weights or have had people to do the weight
for them, but now they're getting the experience of getting it home and then going, well, what
do I do now?
You know, what's really funny that I'm just now realizing, cause I'm thinking through
in my head, like, what did I buy on launch day and what did I buy in the launch window
and so forth?
And every system that I bought on launch day, every single one of them that I had on the
launch day that I actually said, you know what, I'm going to buy this purchase.
Do you, I bet you can guess, do you know what they all have in common?
No, uh, actually, actually, yes.
Compilations slash history.
No, no, they're all Nintendo, which isn't, which isn't going to do the, the people that
call me a fan boy and he, and that whole thing, any favors, but just real it, I'm going to
fess up.
I'm, I think that I bought a Wii U on launch day, I bought a Wii on launch day, I bought
a DS on launch day, I bought a 3DS on launch day, uh, I didn't buy a GameCube on launch.
I didn't know I didn't buy that, but you know, of, you know, of the games, the systems
I can think of that I actually did punk down the money on, um, on launch day, they were
all Nintendo.
And I'm trying to think in my head right now, like, well, why is that Rob?
Why did you buy those systems, but yet you wouldn't do it for the PlayStation four so
forth.
And again, it's about the games that were out and we, you had a Mario game I really
wanted to play and it had the zombie you and, and you know that the, we had Zelda, you know,
and amongst that was the big decider for me and so on and so on.
You know, and 3DS and DS were a little bit different granted, but you know, they were
strong enough where I bought one on launch day.
Did I buy a Vita on launch day?
I don't think I did, but I bought it really close.
So Vita was close.
Well Dan and Dan and I, um, before that, cause he had gotten his Saturn at launch and I think
he, yeah, Dan got his Saturn at launch and we got our Dreamcast at launch and we got
an import Dreamcast soon after Japanese launch.
Um, so we were like that with everything Sega did.
One thing I haven't brought up on the show in a while is that I kind of took a siesta
during that.
Like I wasn't like when I was in college, I actually, I was going through some other
stuff personally, so I actually wasn't as big of a gamer during that period.
So I kind of missed the, uh, the Dreamcast launch probably right on up to the PlayStation
two launch.
I think that finally started to bring me back in the fold thanks to DDR and everything.
And then I got into this show, which really got me back into video games again.
But uh, I kind of missed a gap there.
So, but I kind of feel like if I was gaming, I would have bought a Dreamcast on launch
day.
I have to tell you the truth.
That was actually one of the most fun launches I've attended.
No, I bet.
Loki, any thoughts?
Um, we kind of strayed a little bit from the original topic.
I'm sorry, but this is good stuff.
I would blame Jason for that.
My fault.
Yeah.
Um, I bought, well, I didn't buy anything this generation will for launch stuff otherwise.
Um, but the PlayStation, Xbox 360 wasn't quite at launch because they were sold out.
And so I got one from Craigslist and so I got that near launch.
I mean, it was pretty close, but I bought like almost the entire library of launch games
when they came out.
So, I mean, and I was vastly disappointed by a lot of them because it was just like,
eh, it's not that great, but I don't know.
Assuming I can budget again, I will have a PlayStation for January, February next year
is when I'm looking to get my PlayStation for Xbox.
One will be like late summer, probably the holiday season console.
I'm just like, I don't even really, I still don't really need a PlayStation forward.
Like there's nothing upcoming.
Infamous looks good.
That's for me.
For me there is though.
And we'll get to it later in the show.
Well, I was also going to say there's some, uh, you know, some chatter in here about,
you know, different people having different systems at launch.
The other thing too, that made system launches different for me and Dan was that when the
last gen came out, he was managing a GameStop.
So it wasn't like we had to go and wait in line.
He could just go to the store and pick it up, you know, it'd be behind the desk.
We weren't going to, the only reason we waited in line for the Wii, I waited in line for
the Wii is because we weren't originally going to get one.
So we had no order on it.
And then we were trying to, you know, wait in line for OLR.
That was fun though.
It was kind of fun.
I had a good time hanging out with Kristen that night.
And then there were the people that were walking, no, he wasn't that one with us, but then there
were the people walking up at, you know, eight in the morning right here to buy one.
Sorry.
We only have enough for the people who were in line.
Anyhow.
All right.
Uh, good reminiscing, good stories.
We got a little bit off topic though.
I want to get into our gaming weeks so we can get into what's going on in gaming news
this week.
Uh, so let's get into how was your gaming week, the types of video games that you have
been playing this week, whatever system it's on, uh, or PC, uh, dark Sakura.
I played some final fantasy, uh, 14.
Um, I thought about eight and then I went, lol, no, um, we, uh, what else did I play?
I actually started playing Mass Effect 2 again, just because I wanted more stuff to caption.
Um, what is it?
Oh yeah.
Animal crossing.
I'm still playing Zelda.
I'm taking my sweet time with it.
Um, I, I think I'm five songs away from having a complete song list in animal crossing now.
Nice.
Yeah.
Um, we, uh, crap, what else was it that I played?
Oh yeah.
I tried to play bust to move universe again and it's just awful.
I tried to like it.
It's, it just was not good.
It's clearly the reason it was $14 brand new.
It's just hard to see.
And then, um, I, uh, yeah, I think that's about it.
I kept going back and, uh, checking the, uh, roster list for Namco High cause I'm really
looking forward to playing it.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, this week I played more Grand Theft Auto.
Um, did a little bit more online on the 360.
Got my character up to, I think, level 20, which is weird.
See, it kind of sucks that they've nerfed everything cause it, it's taken me so much
longer to get up to like level 20 on the Xbox 360 than it has on PlayStation 3 where
I was playing it a lot more.
And like on PlayStation 3, I think I'm up to like 28 or 30 or something.
Um, so it's kind of hard to get them all high level, especially when I split my time between
two different versions of the game.
Um, let's see.
Other things I played, I played a little Minecraft, um, this week just when I didn't have any
internet, um, at work and stuff.
And it's as grindy and, I don't know, as it's been, so.
But there's horses and, uh, I haven't really done anything with the horses.
They just taunt me from outside the window.
Um, and then I did, uh, as I was, uh, kind of hyping up last week, I did get to play
some of the, um, final beta tests for Just Cause 2 multiplayer.
It's fantastic.
I mean, the game is pretty old, but, um, I was gonna say, we're on Just Cause 3 at this
point, aren't we?
No, they haven't put out number three yet.
Oh, I thought we were.
No, that's, uh, hopefully gonna be worked on, but clearly it's a series I've overlooked
a bit.
Sorry.
Yeah, like Rent There's Auto.
Um, I would say though, it's pretty amazing what they've done with this game.
They, they have a game that was a single player game and they turned it into almost like an
MMO.
There were, there are literally hundreds of people online at a time.
Um, I think the lowest I saw it was about 800 people in one game on one server, 800
people.
And then the most was like 1400 people on one server, all playing together at the same
time.
Yeah, granted there was a few lag issues here and there, but it wasn't super terrible.
Um, the only thing it's like, I haven't played Just Cause 2 in a long time, so, you know,
the weapons are kind of limited and, you know, there's not a whole ton of vehicles,
but you can like buy your own weapons in game.
You kill people and you get money and you, or you can do races and get money that way.
Um, you know, you can jump to different places like teleport or you can, um, you know, join
races and you know, literally it'll just teleport you once you have enough people for a race
and you do the race and you earn money and you can buy vehicles, weapons, different player
skins and it's just, it's amazing what they've done.
And they even had at one point a thing, although it was disabled the last time I played this
afternoon, but they had a thing to boost your vehicle speed.
So you can type in, you know, slash boost and then set it from, you know, 0.5 or you
know, 1.0 boost up to 20.
And so if like you hit the gas and hit the boost, you can like launch.
I was flying in a, in a boat because I hit a wave or something like that and I was just
like, I went into the sky and it wasn't coming down.
But I mean, it's awesome because not only, you know, are you, you know, flying around
that stuff, but just cause you have like this grappling hook so you can, you know, grapple
onto things and planes and it's just fun and the game is super cheap.
So seriously, if they're launching the full version of the game later on this month, we'll
talk about that a little later, but the game itself is like two bucks.
It's like three bucks.
I think it's $2.99 on Steam.
Pick that game up and then definitely if you can pick up the multiplayer mod, hopefully
it's not going to be, I don't think it's gonna be that expensive, but you know, if
it's running pretty decent as it is with 1400 people with one server, when they open that
up and have a lot more servers, it's going to be pretty amazing.
So and I mean, I had, you know, the frame rate dropped a little bit when you have like
hundreds of people in one spot, but it wasn't too bad.
It was playable and it was a lot of fun.
I definitely gave me quite a big grin.
Neo Planet.
A lot of fun.
Since I can't kill anybody in Grand Theft Auto Online without being penalized for it,
which is kind of lame, but this game, kill, kill, kill, kill, you know, crash things into
each other and it's all sorts of chaos.
All right.
Uh, busy, busy with you then, uh, with, uh, Just Cause multiplayer and, uh, is there like
a, is there a faction or some way that all the VoG people can play with you or, um, well,
not right now because it's just a beta test, but you can create your own factions and join
up and stuff like that.
So that might be something we can do later on, especially because right now I would be
pretty hard to like stay together because it's a huge map and you kind of spawn into
random locations.
You can teleport to different places, but you know, it could, it's very easy to lose
each other in that game.
It was funny though.
There was one guy like I had jumped onto his boat and he drove off and so I stayed on his
hood for a while and then he kind of followed me around for a while.
And then like, you know, later on I was playing through and I passed by him, you know, parachuting
and stuff.
So I don't know, it'll be fun once, uh, once they launch it officially.
All right.
Uh, Jason, do you have something you want to share this week?
I I'm sure this came up when it actually came out, but have we like actually talked about
the, uh, the Miiverse 3DS, uh, the, the, the DLC for lack of a better word for bonus games?
Not really in depth.
So go for it.
I actually, it occurred to me this week when I was like really drawing out my ability to
play those.
Um, it's actually, those games are insane amounts of fun, but the problem is like Street
Pass, they rely on you passing people to actually generate it.
Um, I may have mentioned on the show sometime before that I have a router at home that takes
advantage of Nintendo's remote Street Pass feature where somebody will, somebody's data,
Nintendo will save somebody's Mi data at a hotspot.
And then when you go to that hotspot, you get their Mi data, your Mi goes in place.
And so you can actually start to proliferate at least a little bit more in the community.
And they're supposed to be doing something like, uh, a Starbucks, a McDonald's in Europe
and a McDonald's in America at the same time, we'll swap data across regions, that kind
of stuff.
So I have a router that masquerades that and I get, you know, for, for Miiverse, I get,
uh, 10 Mi's in not even 10 minutes and it, it really makes those games shine.
And especially like Mi Force, just how in depth it really is.
Um, I always forget the name of the, the, uh, Ninja, um, I can, yeah, I can never remember
the fourth game, but just a rock, paper, scissors.
Yeah.
It's lit that, that is, I thought I would like that game the most, but it is literally
just a grind fest for, for troops, um, rock, paper, scissors.
Yeah, whatever.
Monster Manor, uh, uh, Flower, wow.
I'm forgetting all of these.
Aren't I?
The Flower.
Yeah.
The Warriors way with the rock, paper, scissors, rock, paper, scissors.
Thank you.
And then Mi Force.
The other three are insane amounts of fun and I did not expect them to be.
So I have actually been really nursing those games this week because it takes me like two
to three weeks in San Francisco to be able to pick up 10 Mi's, which kind of surprises
me.
Um.
Tiger Claw is very curious.
How do you set up a router to do that?
Does it have to be a specific brand or model?
It does because you have to be able to change the router's Mac address.
Um, because that's the, uh, the 3DS has to communicate to the internet and Nintendo themselves
stores Mi data and a Mac address.
So the Mac address, uh, there's a, there's a community, basically a homebrew community
that revolves around this.
Um, I can send you a ton of links, um, and I will do that shortly.
I think the router I bought was like 40 bucks and there's plenty of alternatives, uh, around
as well.
So as I predicted I was going to do this week, as far as having time to sit down and game,
that did not happen.
I was training a new hire this week, which means my time was, you know, split between
my own daily duties as well as getting him up to speed.
And then all the fun things of dinner at work and all that kind of stuff, which meant that
I got back to the place that I'm staying at like 11 o'clock or midnight every single
night.
But you've been working on something for a while.
I have in the time that I did manage to have and then finished off on Saturday because
everything lightened up yesterday.
I actually sat down and at, um, I want to say it was dark touch Tetsuya's suggestion,
but I don't recall who actually said it last week.
Somebody said in chat that it's great that we're putting this on YouTube as well, but
can you take some advantage of visual content, ie classic game of the week?
I sat that I was like, that's a great idea and it's totally doable.
So I took the show, I took, uh, I got some of the resources from what Rob has done on
the previous episode.
And I, I wanted to do, I have a lot more ideas.
I just didn't have the time to do with this.
You're just dipping your big toe in.
So I was like, you know, okay.
Yay.
Yay.
You got the classic game.
Plus learning video editing and everything else.
That's the first.
I took the video that Rob was playing in studio for marble madness while Jamie was talking
about it.
And I spliced it into the video stream after the fact based off the audio that was going
on, it was time consuming as all hell and frustrating at times, but I'm really, really
pleased with how it came out.
It's the only inner content of the video, but there is more in store.
All right.
Well, thank you for volunteering to take over the YouTube channel.
Essentially.
It's going to be great.
We've gotten a little, a little bit of feedback on YouTube, and I think people looking forward
to seeing, you know, what we can do there and who knows, you know, I know I've said
my piece about, I don't know if talking heads during the show is the most interesting thing
in the world.
I know I've said my piece on that, but who knows?
I might, I might be swayed in 2014 things are a Bruin, you know, and if we can't think
of anything, we can just always fill the rest of the video full of YTMD strobing, you know,
the whole works for me, works for me.
Bobby Black Wolf, our, uh, our, uh, guy that's on before us here at, uh, the voice keys network.
He says in chat, I'm a little jealous.
So LR gets all these people to do things for them.
Oh, Bobby.
I've if it's any consolation, it took me a decade to realize that I can contribute.
So now I am.
Well, thank you.
We appreciate it.
Really do.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, let's, uh, talk about my gaming week.
I actually don't have a whole lot to share with my gaming week.
Um, Oh gosh, what could I talk about?
Well, you know, I've still been playing Final Fantasy 14, like a true addict.
Uh, luckily I'm not the only podcaster addicted to this stuff just before tonight's show.
I was helping my buddy, uh, who's one of the hosts on Koopa club.
I was helping him.
Uh, Jonko was one of the hosts over there and I was helping him with some of the things
you have to do when you're level 50, uh, like the primal battles and so forth.
I will say this as far as Final Fantasy 14 goes, cause it's not in the show world tonight.
Uh, there was a new trailer for the patch, uh, the patch 2.1 that hits Monday after next.
Uh, there's a new trailer that was out this week for that 10 minute trailer cause it shows
like a little bit of all the stuff that's new.
There's a lot of, and it kind of needs it as much as I love Final Fantasy 14, the end
game content's pretty thin.
So they're really beefing that up with this new patch.
That's very exciting.
So happy to see it.
Did you finish your lightning quests?
No, I failed on that.
I accidentally did them.
I did the first one and I slacked off on the others.
So I actually have a few screens of what lightning looks like in game.
The good news is if you didn't do the lightning quest, they will be back in February when
lightning returns comes out in the US.
So there you'll, you'll get a second shot to do those and there'll probably be more
people that are new to the game and so forth at that point.
Uh, so I've been playing an awful lot of that randomly this week.
I'll talk about a random game I played this week.
Um, so you know how there was that WB bundle that was on sale a few weeks ago and I've
had the key in steam.
So I was like, the other night, you know, I had, I didn't want to play MMOs cause I'm
like, all right, I've hit my limit on MMOs.
I need to play something else to, to just, you know, cleanse the pallet a little bit
and do something else in games.
I played Batman Arkham Asylum, like I partied like it was what, 2009 or whenever that game
came out.
But uh, that's, it was neat because I, I, it was the first time I played it on PC versus
a console and it runs really nice on my PC with the really crisp graphics and I could
just use an Xbox 360 controller.
So it's just like playing on console.
And it was great to go back and experience that again and it's that game and, and um,
you know, Arkham city and I haven't played the new one yet, but I know those first two
at least are so well put together.
Like they're, they're, they do such justice to the Batman comics.
I think, I mean, I know not everybody may agree, but you know, if you're more of a fan
of like the animated series and the comics and all that, any of those games do it so
well.
And uh, Mark Hamill does a great joker of course in the, I know he wasn't in the most
recent one, but in the earlier ones.
I watched Dan play through the, the, the other two and they're great games.
I mean, yeah, especially though I love all the Catwoman stuff in, um, Arkham, in Arkham
city.
That's great.
Yeah.
So, uh, and yeah, I need to play, I also have Arkham city on steam, so I'll play that at
some point, but, uh, I want to get through Arkham asylum first, even though it might
take me a little while and you got to tear me away from Final Fantasy 14 to do so.
Um, and then I've just been slowly making progress in other games.
Uh, new Mario, new Zelda, I haven't been playing those as much as I was when I first
got them, but I don't, I mean, there's no games left to buy at this point.
So the good news is, you know, through the holidays, I'll be able to make progress on
some of these games I fell behind in.
I think that's what a lot of you have planned.
Eh?
All right.
Eh?
Eh?
Don't know.
All right.
Uh, housekeeping.
Uh, you of course can friend the show at facebook.com slash orange launch radio and you can follow
us on Twitter.
Don't friend our butts.
Twitter.com slash O L R. Some people aren't going to get that joke, dark saga.
She's, she's referencing an old ass joke here on O L R. Um, what else is it going to say?
Uh, we are on YouTube now as well.
Uh, youtube.com slash orange launch radio.
Thank you, Jason, very much for taking the time to put that all together.
Don't bust your ass being a perfectionist on that because that's killed me so many times,
but do it 99% and you're good.
In my defense I did because I didn't, the, the, the video played essentially three and
a half times and I know the second time was out of sync, but I'm going to fuck that up
so bad.
Jason.
So don't get used to that.
It'll happen.
All right.
Uh, but we're, we're dying for more youtube comments on what you guys would like to see
over there outside of cameras in the studio.
We know you all want that.
We'll see.
Um, let's see, uh, as far as the schedule for the show goes, I don't see us taking any
shows off between now.
I mean the way Christmas and new year's are this year, I think we're going to have shows
right on through the new year, a schedule subject to change though.
Loki will not be here next week though.
Unfortunately, at least we don't think he's going to be.
Loki would you like to tell listeners why you're not going to be here next week?
I'm not going to be here next week cause on Thursday I have to get my wisdom teeth out.
Good times.
We are dying for Loki videos on, on the,
I will try.
I'm not going to have anything to do.
So you know, I'm just going to be sitting at home.
So Nellie, uh, she, she said she's gone through it.
I think, Hey, I don't know if she's gone through it, but I think people have gone through it
and they say, when you get out of general anesthesia, you're just very tired.
So who knows?
I may be sleeping.
I was confused.
I was talking about my ex boyfriend with my mother.
Like I will never have anesthesia again after that.
What was I thinking?
I don't know.
Well, let's see.
We'll see what we talk, what I talk about.
But um, I told her that I think she should record me like, you know, David after Dennis
thing.
Oh, we could just totally do that.
I think you should play Grand Theft Auto while you're on the anesthesia.
I probably will do.
Oh, while I'm on the anesthesia.
Yeah.
That, that would be a hilarious view.
Playing Grand Theft Auto while I'm on anesthesia.
I'm asleep.
Nothing's happening.
I'm just going to let it play and just sit there for 15 minutes.
No.
Um, so yeah, I'm not looking forward to that cause I've never been put under and uh, never
had an IV.
All these firsts that I really don't want to have to do.
Brad, uh, our buddy from pod culture here at the boys and geeks network says, wuss,
get your butt to the show.
Been there, done that.
I had a hand sandwich two hours after mine were out.
No, exactly.
I, Hey, I'm totally with you.
You know, I, I, I'm like ready to go back to work the next day, but you know, my wife's
like, oh, wait, you're not gonna be able to eat anything.
You're not really going to have to work.
Dude, he said I could eat something right after, you know, my job becomes a numb because
they don't want you to bite through your, you know, cheek or something like that.
I just hope you don't run into the same thing that I did was that, well, the bottom holes
didn't fill up for three months and I looked like I'd been in a prize fight for the entire
time.
Cool.
Then I'm going to totally say I'm in a price fight.
I also couldn't talk for the, those three months because I was talking to you cause
you're moving me my jaw.
You know, I got to say, I think SSG 100 Matt is absolutely right in the chat room and I
believe his dad's a dentist if I remember right, he says wisdom teeth recovery is different
for each person.
I was able to eat fine a day or two after and yeah, I think it just depends on each
person.
Yeah.
So don't, don't neglect the saline wash thing they tell you about.
That's super important.
Well, they're suturing them up, so I don't think it's going to be anything that I'm going
to need to, I didn't have to do a saline wash either.
I don't think I'm not going to be able to wash anything if it's sutured up.
Okay.
I seem to remember something about you have to do so that you don't want to get dry socket.
No.
So what I had to do was this, um, actually they gave me like a natural treatment to strengthen
the gums and then I didn't have to do any type of rinses or anything afterwards, but
I had my wisdom teeth out.
I guess I went to the back alley, Dennis.
Well, I had mine out though in the two thousands, you know?
Well, you know, my wife's like, you know, you can't eat anything afterwards cause what
if you get like something in there?
I'm like, that's okay.
If I eat meat.
You can have a milkshake.
If I, if I, well I'm going to have smoothies.
If I can, uh, you know, if I can just eat meat, I'll just shove meat in there cause you know,
flesh and flesh.
It works.
Have a meat milkshake.
A meat shake.
That's not as good as you think it is.
Does your meat shake bring all the boys to the yard?
Uh, does Jack in the box still do the bacon milkshake?
You could do that.
Oh God.
That was just, that wasn't very good.
That was pretty disgusting.
It just seems like smokey vanilla.
I agree with, I agree with Akuma JP, OLR, dentist edition.
We're going way too far down the dentist line.
Let's get into, uh, gaming news and what's going on in the video game world.
Even though it is the holidays, things are slowing down a little bit.
There's still some things to point out from the week.
Quite a bit actually.
Sorry, Scott.
I'm trying, I'm actually going to be on laughing gas is going to be actually, uh, I'm pretty
sure it's an Ivy.
That's too bad cause I think it would be hilarious.
I was on both.
I don't think they're going to put me on both cause they did give me a, was it a, they needed
both to knock out your soul.
Dark soccer.
The whole, the whole reason, you know what, this is true, but the whole, the whole reason
is because, um, it actually dilates your blood vessels.
They gave me something, they couldn't get the IV in.
They gave me something to take the edge off before I go there.
I don't remember what it is.
So some sort of drug that could you take the edge off the show by doing some gaming news?
So Sony has reset some PlayStation network passwords.
Um, they said that there was some irregular activity and apparently, you know, they, they
came out, try not to, you know, alarm anyone, you know, re routinely monitor for a regular
activity and if such activity is detected, we may sometimes reset passwords of affected
SCN accounts to protect consumers and their account information.
The password resets are not related to an attack nor vulnerability in our data servers.
It is an example of an increasingly common threat of malicious online activity.
Although I'd like to follow that up with, didn't I just read not too long ago that there
was some people being affected by the same type of shit that we saw with, you know, the
FIFA hacking now on the PlayStation 4 and maybe it's something to do with that.
But maybe I'm also, you know, being too conspiracy furious.
No, and I have some serious concerns about this story because when I turned on my PlayStation
3 earlier this week, it made me reset my password.
So I'm one of the people that had to do it.
And so there was a part of me that's like, why?
Why am I being picked?
Because there shouldn't be any irregularities on my account.
I only use my PlayStation 3 and the Vita once in a great while.
Why am I having to reset my password?
Which is, you know, it's kind of, I mean, changing your password is good and so forth,
but it's like, okay, now I really have to have unique passwords.
If it's in a constellation, they only hacked celebrities.
Okay.
Yeah.
But that's my problem is that I'm like, wait a minute.
Does that mean I was one of those people that they saw vulnerability for from the two
million other hack thing?
And I'm like, son of a bitch.
Like, am I at risk?
Like, it has me a little concerned.
So this is actually on the heels of a similar tech story about three or four weeks ago.
The chief one was the start of September with the big Adobe hack.
There were between that and then there are other miscellaneous news about, not that Twitter
and Facebook were hacked, but I saw something from them earlier this week.
LinkedIn and Adobe's password theft were like the big ones a couple months ago.
And this trend that's emerged from these really prominent companies is that they will get
that exported data.
And if your password, if your email address shows up, they'll warn you if your password
matches the same password hash, because any company in their right mind does not store
plain text passwords.
Unfortunately, some do.
These don't.
If your password matches a leaked hash, they reset your password because they force you
to.
You might've hit the nail on the head because I, I use unique passwords everywhere.
But you probably use the same email address.
But I use the same email address as PlayStation network.
I had an Adobe account on there.
That could be it.
You might be right.
And I feel a little better knowing that even, even with, even with hash passwords that I
could, to the extent that I actually have this knowledge, I could delve into the quick,
the quick overview is that remember, I'm a corporate trainer.
There's Adobe.
There's an Adobe stuff.
Here's the thing.
Then why didn't they just say, Hey, we saw that, you know, Adobe has been hacked near
these people have been hacked.
We ran a list, you know, comparing, you know, the emails that were affected, um, from those
sites.
And as a precautionary measure, we went ahead and reset the passwords.
I think of it a little bit more explanation.
If that's the case, that would, it would actually be better in their favor because they would
be, Oh, they're very proactive about that.
Code man in chat says I had to reset my PSN password too.
I bet code man's an Adobe user.
He does all that.
I know he does stuff with video and graphic design.
That's weird.
I'm an Adobe user too, but I didn't have to reset my password.
Oh, that's because I don't, well, I never got it.
Did you use different emails though?
I don't know if I give them, did you subscribe to their live services?
You probably didn't.
Yeah.
See, that's, I never got anything to reset my Adobe passwords though.
Did you ever use like, um, I, the name escapes me all of a sudden of the screencast or whatever
it is that they use or just any of their online services, acrobat online or I've got the creative
cloud because we was given the account for creative cloud for a year.
See Allen chat room says tinfoil hat radio.
I'm looking for a trend.
Okay.
Shane Alinko says I don't use Adobe, but I had to reset mine.
All right.
So y'all just blew a hole in my theory.
Do you use LinkedIn?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Maybe, maybe he did though.
Hmm.
No.
If Shane uses LinkedIn, then he's not on my profile.
I usually know why he's not my friend on LinkedIn with my work email.
So I don't ever, there's, there are many different sources of these things happening.
And even when the, the, the, the extracted information and breach is released, sometimes
it's not all of the information again, if, if, if they just go off password hashes, which
are not necessarily a perfect way of doing things, but if data doesn't match, your record
doesn't show up.
You don't have to change it.
There is no one answer for everything.
This is the continuing saga of security exploits vulnerabilities.
It happens.
It continues on whatever it happened.
As long as you take your precautions to stay safe, we don't have a problem here.
Use distinct passwords, enable two factor authentication if the service supports it,
be safe out there.
It sucks sometimes.
And then it's awesome.
Like this show.
Uh, yeah.
That's okay.
We're talking about drugs and chat.
Uh, also I don't, I don't want to, I want to really kind of just make sure I poke something
with a sharp stick here.
What Loki said about the whole FIFA hacks happening again on Sony, I just want to make
sure I call that out because that's a great concern to me.
And now I seem to remember when this, now my memory could be going here.
I seem to remember EA through this on Microsoft big time when that happened, EA pushback and
in land of Microsoft and I was one of those people that got hacked on Microsoft and so
forth.
And I said, you know what?
No, there's a connection here.
They created an EA account for me to buy all these.
There's something going on on EA side that they're not fessing up to.
And if this is, if this happened again, now it's through Sony.
I think EA, you got some explaining to do.
Didn't we, this, my, my brain could just be linking this in a strange way, but didn't
we basically narrow it down to, uh, that kind of stuff happening because of Amazon's
lax customer support, like, like Amazon, reverse social engineering on Microsoft, not Amazon,
and like using, using other profile details, uh, other credit card information or an email
address destination.
They're like, my, my brain has like seven companies in mind.
It's trying to remember the loop of the details and it's been a long time.
I think it's an explanation.
I'm not totally convinced it's the right one, especially now that we have this other thing
going on here.
And I kind of need EA to be very clear here on why it's not them and some, some very specific
about what they're doing with data and how they're keeping it safe.
I'm just saying that as a consumer, I mean, you might be a tech person sitting there going,
Rob, there's no way that I just, as a consumer right now, I don't trust that this isn't happening
because of something on EA side.
I mean, it's, it's just too weird of a coincidence that it happened on Microsoft through an EA
game and now it's happening through Sony on an EA game.
That's that Scott of Tron and chat says, yeah, like EA would fess up to anything.
Well, then we'll have to see how much we want to support them and give them information
and money further on.
But anyhow, here's something, uh, that I'm sure a lot of you will be spending money on.
It was something that was announced during the, uh, VGX, uh, award show.
One of the, one of the few highlights out of the show, uh, telltale announced that they
are working on a game tales from the borderlands.
So of course telltale did the, the speaking of video game award shows, they, they won
them all for walking dead last year.
Now tons of people want to work with them.
So gearbox software, one of the people is working with telltale on this.
So it's a game in the borderlands universe.
It will be an episodic series.
The storyline is defined by player choices.
Um, gearbox will be providing borderlands assets telltale, however, is the ones that
are, uh, designing the game.
Telltale did make new characters for this game.
They are saying they are not quite vault hunters, uh, and some of the characters seen in it,
possibly handsome Jack, uh, although it's more of a resemblance in the trailer, part
of me kind of wonders, could it be like a prequel or something?
I think it's supposed to be during the same time as borderlands two or before.
So we'll see.
Uh, that wasn't the only thing telltale had to announce.
They, uh, announced quite a bit because they also announced that they're working on a game
of thrones game.
Uh, so yeah, and I think isn't, do we already have some, they already kind of, that came
out I think last week or earlier this week, but they did say it's based on the HBO series,
not the books.
Um, cool.
So that's, you know, cause I think they've kind of gone different directions at this
point.
So it will be based off the HBO series and it is now official.
So, uh, there you go.
So a telltale clearly very busy.
Uh, one thing I noticed that there wasn't a lot that people have been talking about
this year.
Telltale kind of didn't have a lot this year, although chat pointed out to me before the
show, um, the, the wolves among us or something was a game that came out this year, but that
didn't, that didn't get quite the chatter that some of their other releases have.
So, um, you know, I'm wondering if there will be more in 2014, although I think walking
dead episode or season two is supposed to be like really soon.
Uh, some are saying it might be later this month, although it seems like a really weird
time to release next year, probably early next year, but you never know.
I mean, you know, telltale could recognize that they do a bulk of their business through
digital distribution and they could release whenever.
And you know, what a great thing to pick up on these gaming consoles right away.
Who knows?
Who knows?
So, all right.
Uh, moving on dark soccer.
Well, you know, we've had a lot of, uh, joy over a particular gaming franchise and that's
Tomb Raider.
Well, the definitive edition is coming out for PS4 and Xbone.
I mean, Xbox one.
Um, it's supposed to be out on January 28th in the US and in Europe on January 31st.
And it was announced on the games Tumblr.
I'm glad to see Tumblr getting more love.
So you get all of the pre-order, um, bonuses, the, the Tomb of the Lost Adventurer and the
multiplayer add-ons, uh, eight DLC maps, uh, six weapons and four characters.
You also get extra Lara outfits and, um, digital copies of the, uh, Tomb Raider, the beginning
and the art, the art book.
So lots of stuff.
Also the final hours of Tomb Raider will be included as well.
The Xbox one version will have, uh, connect voice controls for weapon modding and menus.
Um, and that's, I don't care.
So there's, there's a part of me that wants to razz this a little bit because it's like,
so we're, so we're remaking a game that just came out last year.
But then I think, all right, well, but at the same time, at least they gave you everything
and didn't just move the game and have you rebuy everything.
Yeah.
Well, and the other thing is too that the, you know, it's not uncommon for big games
to get a like game of the year edition that includes everything.
That's kind of what this is, but yet they, they, they turned it up for these new consoles,
which I find, it's just interesting.
We haven't, I haven't really seen something like this that I can think of before, you
know, outside maybe Nintendo remaking some of the Wii games.
That's, that's just not even the same thing.
You know, I like the sentence in the article on PS4, your controller will light up when
using the torch.
It's cute.
I'm assuming they'll also use the backlight, the eye light as well.
But the controller is already lit up all the time.
So am I using the torch all the time?
Perhaps.
It's gonna change colors.
The big thing about that for me personally though, is that given that I've played it
on PC and just all of the just graphical glory that it produced, as well as being solid gameplay
wise, I think it would be a nice treat for people at home to be able to play it up to
that level too.
Yeah.
And I gotta be honest, as much as I'm saying like, you know, Oh, this is interesting.
You know, I, I do still kind of want to, I actually really want to get it because I thought
the game was gorgeous as it was on, you know, even 360 and now they're talking about, Oh,
we're going to turn it, turn up the graphics even more.
I'm kind of like, Ooh, I kind of want to check that out for me price.
Do I want to drop $60 on it again?
You want to check it out with better graphics played on PC.
But to, to be fair, they, I mean, it's, it's different to be like better graphics from
what they've got or they are going back and actually upping some of the assets and so
far.
I mean, they're, they're, this isn't just repackaging it.
I think it's playing it on the new console.
I think it's just putting the PC assets on your, more of the PC assets on the console.
I don't think they're going back and redoing anything.
That's not the, eh, that's not the impression I was getting.
Look, yeah, I think there's more to it than that because especially cause they talk about
like this stuff.
I know this.
All right.
Well I guess we'll find out in a month and a half.
But the stuff with the hair sounds very different.
So like that takes, you know, and they, they con they got these other studios to get involved
too.
Is that takes work.
There's stuff with her hair.
Yeah.
They, they changed something.
Their hair is more fluid, hairy.
It's more hair-like.
Really?
Cause I believe that was one of the PC things, if I remember correctly.
I do have to say that there was a difference in, as far as when I first loaded up the game
with the lower end and then bumped it up all the way, there were a little bit few differences
with hair mechanics, hair mechanics, remember the special thing, hair mechanics.
Yes.
I would believe that would be the Tomb Raider Tress FX hair, uh, which is an option on PC.
That's the enhanced hair, um, both, you know, the physics and stuff.
So that, yes, would be a PC thing.
So basically they're taking the PC assets and putting them on next gen, but hey, whatever,
that's fine.
You know what hair physics always make me think of?
Uh, Soul Edge and all, and the, the Tekken games when they started doing, you can see
that the strands of hair, I was like, but it doesn't look like real hair.
I have to say that Lara's hair looked like hair.
It was very hairy.
Well, I just thought, I just thought the game in general looked great.
So, you know, it already was starting to look, you know, like, I don't want to say it looked
like next gen, but it just, it looks like such a, it's a, it's a great example of what
the previous gen consoles were really capable of.
So I'm, I'm fairly certain cause you know, Dan's been seeing me play the game.
I've gone back and played it, you know, tried to get a little bit further cause I haven't
beaten it yet, but I did play it fairly consistently and I would love to see Dan play through that.
But I know he'd enjoy it.
Yeah, I'm sure, and you know, I'm sure there are some people that miss the boat the first
time around too.
I see in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, Shane says, Shane Alinko says, this is good
for me as I didn't play the original release.
I'll definitely look into getting this.
So, but then there's a part of me that's like, how did you miss the original release when
the game was like on sale for a steal on some of the very steam sales and so forth?
I used my, uh, my steam wallet gift and got it, like I paid three bucks extra for it.
So there you go.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
More news.
Loki.
All right.
Um, let's see, let's talk a little bit about, uh, the Xbox one.
Um, remember one of the things that they kind of talked about, I think it was a few months
ago, this whole, you know, being able to publish using your Xbox one as like a dev kit.
And actually some people figured out how to do that or at least get into the dev kit mode
and I've been dicking around with that.
But, um, for the actual devs, um, they've already, um, listed 33 developers that are
participating in their ID at, um, Xbox, uh, program, I guess if you want to call it, um,
including, uh, behavior, which, uh, I guess they did, uh, wet and naughty bear panic in
paradise.
What was a good game?
Naughty bear.
Not so much bong fish, uh, born ready, uh, Cappy, which is super time force, uh, concept
cry tech, uh, definition six, which did spy party, um, demerge the shoot many robots,
uh, double 11, little big planet Vita, double fine, uh, drink box, gaijin games, the bit
trip series, uh, half brick studios, fruit ninja, happy in labs, uh, hidden path, high
voltage software, which did the conduit, which man, they haven't released anything in a long
time.
Um, anise, you may remember them, elite beat agents, anyone, uh, iron galaxy, jackbox games,
um, Nicholas, which the cave story and VVVVVV.
I didn't know that same guy did both those games.
Pretty sweet.
Um, ninja B, other ocean, which, uh, the, uh, dark void zero and super monkey ball games
on iOS, uh, panic button, which unfortunately connects star Wars signal studios, uh, slightly
mad studios, team 17 behind the worm series, uh, team colorblind, uh, the men who wear
many hats, best name of development house ever, uh, the odd gentlemen, Vladimir, uh,
way forward, uh, Z boy games and Zen studios.
If I remember correctly, Nicholas, uh, did the 3d, it's either that they published VVVVVV
or that they brought it to DS or some other platform because that was Terry Cavanaugh.
And I'm maybe, yeah, maybe they published, they might've done the ports then.
Cause I know like these guys are doing ports of things and cave story did come out on multiple
platforms as well.
It's true.
Um, the other thing that can kind of go along with that though is, uh, some of the, um,
indie publishers are running into, uh, I guess some of their small print things in this part
of this program.
Uh, for example, not only do you get, you know, I guess the wonderful, like, um, you
get two console development kits, a unity license, and the ability to publish your games
by yourself.
Um, also they asked that, um, the games that launched same day on X-Box one and any other
console platforms, um, they say, um, they want launch parody rather than exclusivity.
And um, I guess one of these, so it, one of the developers that ran into this, um, was
it, uh, Vladimir, I, yeah, Vlambeer.
Um, they're saying that they, one of their games, a nuclear throne, I guess was supposed
to, they were talking with them about bringing it to the X-Box one.
And um, I guess they maybe wanted it to be exclusive, but somehow because of that, they're
actually going to publish it on PlayStation four.
Um, you know, they said, I guess, uh, it'll just come out on PlayStation four first, I
guess they're, they didn't have an X-Box one version available, but they wanted to
publish it on that platform later on.
Um, but because Microsoft basically restricting you, you must launch your game on the X-Box
one and then all the other platforms at the same time.
Oh, I see.
So, you know, they didn't want to hold up the other versions of the game for the, could
that be because of what happened with DuckTales?
Cause you know, DuckTales didn't come out on X-Box till way after the other versions.
And I think, I don't think it's that.
I think they just want to have, they don't want to be at a disadvantage as far as like
exclusive versions or something like that.
I maybe, maybe that's fine, but maybe they just don't want Sony to have like a window
on that stuff.
Microsoft wants to have the window, you know, on call of duty DLC and all that bullshit.
Sure.
Um, so maybe that's what the issue is.
I think though, maybe they can get around it by doing, you know, pulling them kind of
what Microsoft did with, you know, Minecraft, you know, have the Minecraft X-Box one version
and then Minecraft PlayStation four version.
Technically they're two different games, you know, and then they'd be able to publish it
later on or something.
Uh, Black Wolf says, he wants to try to explain this here.
The X-Box one wants parody, the loophole.
If you are already signed up for another platform, they don't have to wait.
So they said, quote, Oh, they want parody if I sign, Hey Sony, one a one month exclusive
quote.
Sure.
Uh, okay.
Hey, Hey Microsoft.
We want to sign up.
Oh, okay.
That's fine.
So interesting.
This is a, this is a great policy in theory for, you know, gamers consumers most of all,
because it means that no matter what platform you've backed, if your game is coming multi-console,
you will get it and you don't have to spoilers or any other consideration that you don't,
you don't have to wait on anybody else.
But if maybe in theory, because, you know, Bobby just pointed out, there's a way around
it.
Yeah.
As far as games that actually get released on multiple platforms at the same time, if
you do not budget your time, and this article basically talks that, um, that the development
shop, uh, that Vlambeer was caught off guard, but if you do not budget your time properly
or you just come across this, if you are bound to this, it's going to hurt your firm and
potentially your results and potentially the game because you weren't expecting to have
to put almost almost entirely, literally two times the work in for one release date.
I love this concept, but like anything else, it has a trade off that unfortunately gets
to be pretty nasty pretty quick.
If I were them, you know, I would just want the least amount of restrictions possible
for the developers because right now the perception is PlayStation four is very developer friendly
Xbox one.
I don't think they've quite gotten there yet where people are kind of recognized as a platform
that they can find their favorite indie games.
I would think they want the least amount of obstacles in between them and getting that
at least at the beginning, you know, hell, change your rules later on down the line if
you know, once you have a decent catalog of indie games, but, and I'm also kind of disappointed
that they kind of got rid of the whole, you know, it's kind of a twofold thing.
I'm kind of disappointed that they got rid of the whole community games and knew the
idea of, Oh, I can use my Xbox one to publish my own games and stuff.
That's really cool.
But I understand, you know, that there were a lot of crappy games on that, that service
at the same time though, it still would be nice to have that ability to put your own
games on there.
Maybe it was some sort of peer review or something like that to filter out, you know, those massage
simulators.
Let's clear out the chaff.
Yeah.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange laundry radio at vog network.com
use the passphrase sailboat.
Well let's move on with more information about the Xbox one, cause there's a really weird
rumor going on out there and it's just, it's one of those things I think it's kind of trolling
people who can't or who don't understand technology or I don't know, because there's this weird
picture going around out there and I'm not going to repeat the description here cause
I don't want to perpetuate a rumor that could potentially damage people's consoles, but
it's the equivalent of basically telling people, Hey, if you put up, up, down, down, left,
right, left, right, BA star into your Xbox one, you will be able to play Xbox 360 games.
And there's people, and I don't want to say that they're dumb enough to believe it, but
they're not educated enough on how these systems really work that they actually kind of believe
it because they use the magic words that, Oh, you're going to, you're going to get into
dev console mode on your Xbox one and it'll unlock the ability to play Xbox 360 games.
So let's review. The reason why Xbox 360 games are not playable on the Xbox one is
because the chips inside have changed completely. They are different manufacturers now. Correct
Loki? Yeah, it's different architecture altogether. And actually you see that surprise and it
came from 4chan. Um, and basically it's someone stumbled upon the way to get into developer
mode and Microsoft said, Hey, don't try to get into developer mode cause it will break
your console because it's two parts. Microsoft that's basically, you know, give you the access
to this and then you also have to enable it on your console in order to actually switch
it over to kind of like developer mode. If you don't do it without their access, it causes
all sorts of different problems with it. So if you, if you follow the rules, what you're
doing, you're not, you're not unlocking anything. You're causing your Xbox one to basically
do like an infinite loop booting. So it's just, it's just some troll thing from 4chan.
So, you know, just to be clear, don't get, don't, if you read something that's too good
to be true, it probably is. This is the second time in three months, something like this
has happened. Oh, what was the other one? The first one? IOS seven makes your device
waterproof. Wait, that was a thing? That was a thing? I kid you. I didn't even hear that.
If you go to Twitter search and you type in IOS waterproof, the top tweet minus the fucking
LG ad, whatever. Uh, if you go that, if you do that in a, in Twitter search, I actually
did this just to kind of make sure I wasn't crazy. And sure enough, the very first tweet
in the search results 4chan convinced people that IOS seven makes their iPhones waterproof.
Now they've convinced people to break their Xbox ones with backwards compatibility. Uh,
IOS seven came out, uh, uh, mid September, early September, three months later. Look
at this all over again. I think it's, you know, just a lesson that if something is too
good to be true, it is very, I don't know. It's just interesting to me that, you know,
there's always, there's always been smoke and mirrors and uh, there's a better, there's
a better terminology for this. Uh, there's always been snake oil salesman, but this is
like, this is the, these are the internet snake oil sales common sense. But if they
had the ability to play backwards, they're have full backwards compatibility. They would
be totally pimping that shit out if not trying to sell it, you know, as a DLC or something.
But they would be pimping that show. Hey, we have backwards compatibility. Those guys
don't. I mean, why would you lock that away? Yeah, it's a silly anyway. All right. Uh,
let's move on to less silly things. How about something that's a lot kinder? Um, well, uh,
there's actually an article talking about the humble bundle and one of the charities
that they've helped out. They've actually been, um, working to bring clean drinking
water to Ethiopia, which I think is definitely something positive that we need to be focusing
on instead of people being assholes. Um, so basically, um, they worked with a particular
charity that used a hundred percent of the donations to bring clean water. And so now
they have, uh, 3,275 people in Ethiopia that are going to have a clean water. And the total
amount was, uh, it came up to $121,780. So that's pretty good news. See, we're not all
assholes. I like to hear the gamers doing good stories and it plus it's kind of nice
to see too. We always kind of like, I think a lot of us when we're buying these humble
bundles and so forth, we just kind of click the button and it's like, Oh yay, some of
my money's going to good pat myself on the back. We don't really see it past that. So
I'm glad there's information out there like this to really kind of show like here is how
the money is really helping. You know what I mean? And I think it's good that they're
being so transparent with how that money is being allocated to and giving us the option.
And you know, it's, it's sort of like, Hey, you know, you do something good for somebody
else. We'll do something good for you here. Have some fun. You know, I've always been
a big advocate of the charities like that, especially, uh, you know, even though I'm
not too fond of Penny Arcade themselves, I've been happy with Child's Play and with a lot
of those, um, charities that basically turns our love of games into almost love for other
people. Right. You know. All right. Uh, let's travel around the world and check out some
release dates. And I know this might be a short segment tonight, but we check in every
week on what games are coming out in a video game store near you, starting with the U S
Loki. Uh, the only thing coming out this week is Sorcery Saga Curse of the Great Curry
God on PlayStation Vita. Um, actually, if I remember correctly, there's Dreamfall, uh,
ventures or chronic, I think it's Dreamfall adventures. That's coming out on Xbox three
six. It's been delayed forever. Maybe it's being delayed again, but, uh, that was supposed
to be coming out. And then guess what? That's it for the entire year. I figured as much.
All right. Well in Japan, uh, things are moving a little bit differently because, uh, obviously
the holidays are a little bit different over there. So, you know, uh, you can pre-order
one of these games to go with your Christmas cake if you like. Uh, but on the PlayStation
three this week on December 12th in Japan, um, some game of the year additions, dishonored,
uh, crisis three going into best hits, uh, call of duty ghost gets a dubbed version,
uh, released this week. As far as new games go, there's a new PlayStation three console
bundle with puppeteer. That's out this week. And, uh, Jinsei ego to next generation and
Nobunaga no Yabu Suzou comes out this week from Koei. So that's what you can look forward
to this week on December 12th, as far as PlayStation three goes, let me check out three 60. Um,
the same call of duty ghost dubbed version is out there as well as dishonored the game
of the year edition. That's pretty much it for the three 60, um, going to the PlayStation
Vita Hatsune Miku project diva gets a price reduction. Uh, Vita's region free, right?
This might be your time to pick it up. So you folks here in the U S if you want your
a version of Hatsune Miku for the Vita, this might be a good time to pick it up. Uh, on
the Wii U, uh, the balance board USB adapter comes out this week, uh, which I imagine is
for Wii fit you, but I don't know exactly what that the balance board USB adapter, are
they going to let you start plugging that into computers and stuff? I didn't even know
that was a thing. Um, well, you know what? It's not coming out from Nintendo. It's a
third party, so it must be some type of battery pack. I'm guessing. Oh yeah. Maybe it's some
weird kind of thing. All right. Well that's there, but you can also get monster hunter
front frontier G and a beginner's package that's out from Capcom this week on the Wii
U. Uh, lastly, but not leastly on the Nintendo 3DS, uh, hometown story, Kira, Maki, waku
waku suite, uh, Kobito, Zukin, Kobito, no Fushigi, G, can set comes out this week, puzzle
and dragons Z. Is that the same as the cell phone game? I bet it is. Yeah. Yeah, I think
it is. Yeah. Same as the cell phone game is getting like a, uh, spruced up 3DS version
in Japan this week. Um, also, uh, and probably most importantly this week in Japan on the
Nintendo 3DS, hello kitty to Maho no apron rhythm cooking comes out this week. That's
right. You can cook. It's, it's cooking mama meets a rhythm game meets hello kitty. I should
not go back to the name real quick. I shit you not. I want this game kind of bad. Actually.
Go back to the name real quick. There you go. I'm not there. Uh, come on. Close right
there. Hello kitty with the magic apron. It's a rhythm cooking game starring hello kitty
and a magic apron. Why can't I have this? I want this. Give it to me. You're not worthy.
Why is the 3DS not region free? Because it'll come out over here. Bad bats. Maru is making
a state. God damn it. This is amazing. While I would like to point out the project diva
F is being localized and will be eventually released in North America. Some people can't
wait while I are. Yeah. Well, uh, all those DDR games and 2d X games and whatnot that
we have language writing and telling the wrong show, telling her my Japanese PlayStation
2 says hello. All right. And soon my Japanese 3DS. All right. Uh, let's go to the UK. Dark
Sakura. Well, there's, we actually have a good number more in the UK than we did over
here. Um, on the 10th is the novelist for Mac and PC. On the 11th is Angry Birds Go.
The 12th is, um, velocity ultra for PC. And on the 13th is stick it to the man and we
fit you. Stick it to the man. That's the best name ever. I didn't name my firstborn
stick it to the man. Just a few more stories for you guys than the classic game of the
week. Uh, Y Y R in chat, by the way, saying you waited this long. The game's been out
over six months. That's true because, uh, the, um, that's true because the version that's
coming out in Japan this week is like a best hits type of thing. It's a price reduction
and Y Y R saying you could get the PlayStation 3 version right now. You know what? I do need
to get that game because I said I would buy it when it comes down in price and I think
it finally did. So I want to get Hatsune Miku, uh, here. All right. Anyway, back to some
news before we get to the classic game of the week. Loki. So like we talked about last
week with Forza 5 and their microtransactions, um, Gran Turismo 6 also had microtransactions
and Sony of course claims that they are not required for players to advance in the game,
but you might say the same about the Forza 5 ones. Um, honestly haven't seen how I've
seen far less people complaining about these and the Forza ones, but I'm not really sure
why considering they're both sound the same to me. I guess it's how it's presented. Um,
they're saying as with previous installments of Gran Turismo, users are able to earn in
game credits and unlock cars by competing in races. And, uh, if you want to buy credits,
they are in increments of 500 or half a million on the PlayStation network to speed up the
process of unlocking content. So I don't know. It sucks that there's microtransactions in
both games, but like I said, I haven't played either one, so I don't know how they're presented,
but that still sucks. Well, the impression that I'm getting from what I'm hearing about
it is that it's, it's really not like something they're trying to shove down your face or
anything. Like it's not, it's not like the stigma that a lot of free to play games have
where they're like pay to win and so forth. That's not really what they're doing in this
game because it's one of those things that's optional. You can, you can earn the stuff
in game, which you know is, is any Gran Turismo game kind of did that. Or you can buy it if
you are too impatient to wait and unlock the stuff yourself. Here's where I think people
get miffed at this kind of thing because I'm sure there's a lot of you sitting at home
going, you know, why is Loki mad? This isn't a big deal. I think some of us feel like,
especially some of us that really did the old school gaming and lived through the NES
phase and so forth. I remember a day when you would pause the game, press up, up, down,
down, left, right, left, right, BA, start, and now your ship is fully decked out with
everything you need to beat the game. And some of us, that's the only way we wanted
to play the game, right? Now, if you want the fully decked out ship, you could sign
on and pay $3.99 to get the special unlock key. You know who we have to blame? That's,
that's, that's, you know, who started this bullshit. It's always the same company that
starts this bullshit. EA. Cause remember it was with, I want to say the Godfather, the
PlayStation two version, have the codes that you can put in with the controller, just like
you would normally the original Xbox version, have the codes you put in the controller,
the Xbox 360 version, have the codes, or I should say the cheats that you buy on the
Xbox live marketplace. EA is the root of all evil. It's, it's, it's a joke. Yes. But in
the sense, yes they are. They are the root of all evil in the gaming industry because
they came up with the concept of this project, $10 thing where they would do these online
passes. Everybody jumped on that shit. They did this thing with, you know, like, Hey,
you know what? We can sell shit that we give away for free on other platforms because people
will buy him because they really want to do that stuff. And so let's just sell it. And
sure enough, they do it and it's just gone downhill from there. But they're the ones
that always seem to be, I don't know, innovating in that area, I guess if you will. So yes,
I am throwing shade at them because it is ridiculous. And you know, did Loki just say
on the show that he's throwing shade? What can I say, Rob? You've rubbed off on me. What's
happened? I know I'm embarrassed myself. Well, you did say you had cooties before. I guess
so. I guess so. All right. Uh, okay. On a, on a much more serious note, cause this, uh,
this news sucks. There's really no easy way to put it. Uh, an actor named Danny Wells
passed away this week and he was 72 years old. Although you might not recognize the name,
you probably recognize the character. He played Luigi on the Super Mario Brothers Super Show when
it was on in the eighties. Um, with captain Lou. That's right. Captain Lou. Unfortunately,
he had passed away a few years ago, so, uh, the brothers are reunited. They have both
well, some people though, can't bear. They can't stand to not point out the irony that
Nintendo had made this the year of Luigi and this is how it ends. It's kind of one of those like,
wow, that joke's kind of sick, but it is, it is awkward. You know what I mean? Like,
I don't know what word to put on that. It is a little strange that this is the year was not
dead. Is he? No. John Lake was almost not dead. He played Luigi in the movie because just, yeah,
Bob Hoskins isn't dead either. So whatever. But Danny Wells did pass away this week. So, um,
rest in peace and thanks for the memories from the Super Mario Brothers Super Show. All right,
let's travel back to a time in gaming's history. Can we get a real twisted version of the Super
Mario Brothers show with like Danny DeVito playing Mario or something like that? Never say
never. Anyway, I think he's too busy with the Always Sunny in Philadelphia show though. All
right. It's the classic game of the week. It's a chance for us to go into the gaming vault and
find a game where Dark Sakura says, Hey, why aren't you playing this? Maybe find a game where
Wikipedia isn't making me log in. I didn't know you had to log in. Yeah, I didn't think you had
to either. So let's see if this reloads. Okay. They get the classic game of the week is the
second of unreleased games that I have spoken about on the show. Although I've mentioned this
one many, many times. It's Thrill Kill. Yeah. So, um, it was an unpublished game from 1998 that came
out on the PlayStation. And the reason why I'm bringing this one up is the fact that it was
really one of the, uh, big games that sort of people were able to get ahold of it because of
the internet, you know, someone leaked out the version and since then we've had, you know,
plenty of other games come out, you know, didn't I bring up, uh, before I, uh, you know, Space
Fantasy Zone was the other game I had reviewed, but you know, there's been other ones too, like
the Crystal Dynamics, um, uh, Macross game, a Robotech game that never came out, but people
have played it because the prototypes out online. Um, so Thrill Kill is one of those games. And the
big thing about this one is that it was supposed to be a four player fighting game, which I think
it got turned into that Wu-Tang Clan game or something the engine did. Um, but this one was
really a lot more of the, uh, BDSM, you know, had a lot more of the fetish thing and a lot more of
the, you know, crazy murder cannibalism cause it was gross. And then you had the character Judas
that one of the extra characters looked like Ken and Ryu attached to the torso, you know, with one
being upside down or the other. And by the way, that was like the single worst, uh, uh, ending of
that game too. Cause that was the first version I beat the game with. Um, so yeah, it was completed before, um, it was canceled and it
did get leaked out and now people are able to play it on emulators, modded consoles. I mean, we had,
um, the, uh, Game Shark thing on ours. So we, you know, after we used to use the paperclip and then
after that we ended up using a Game Shark to play our downloads and stuff like that. So yeah, um, it
was developed by Paradox Development and then later Midway Los Angeles. And it was supposed to be
published by Virgin Interactive who was acquired by EA Pacific. Oh, EA. And then, um, EA canceled the game
because they didn't want to publish a senselessly violent game that would hurt their image. Like they
fucking needed it. Um, so anyway, um, that guy just like pretended to sodomize the other guy and then kick
him in the butt. That's just mean. Oh, she did it too. And then she hit him with an electric prod. Yeah, that's
Jamie. That's gross. This game is so gross. Okay, Rob's mom. Um, why don't you read a book? You know
what? That video that was on the internet just popped into my mind. Read a book, read a book, read a motherfucking book. Anyway,
um, it was the type of game that it is. It's a closed 3d room and basically four players fight to the death.
It has, um, thrill kills, which are like fatalities and you build up a kill meter. Um, so your bloodlust rises.
Ooh. And then you kill somebody in blood. It's gross. So basically the plot of the story is that 10 souls have gone
and descended into hell and their hell is based off of, um, the real world's, uh, sort of deviance, like the BDSM
person. You have Cletus, the, you know, butcher guy. You have, uh, uh, a Dr. Faustus is one of the characters. Um, I was
looking in chat room. Now I'm thinking buy some speed stick. It's not expensive. Anyway. Um, yeah, the chat room is
starting to quote that video. Maybe I should have made that cookie. Anyway. So moving forward is basically, um, each
of the characters is a murderer and, um, they are being judged and so are put into fighting so that one of them can
reincarnate. Um, they go in hopes of being reborn. So yeah, the game, um, it was really, um, like the official US
PlayStation magazine counted as one of the most overrated canceled games and they were very, uh, correct with their
quote. It got lots of hype, but it really sucked too. We just played this because it was hilarious. So yeah, I was
right. It was remade into Wu-Tang Shaolin style and, um, the engine was also used for a two player X-Men Mutant
Academy, um, that was put out by Activision and its sequel and Rock'em Sock'em Robots Arena that was put out by
Mattel. Um, and Game Informer linked this, uh, 10th on a list of the top 10 games that almost were. It really was
very bad. The music in this was done by an industrial band called Contagion and another group called Dying Fetus did
music that was incorporated into the game, but was not recorded exclusively for Thrill Kill. And that is the classic
game. And I had to bring it up because again, this was one of the first really big ones that spread because of the
internet. And so while it was a festering pile of shit, because it really was, it was notable for being internet
related. Some movies are classics because they're so bad, like Showgirls, right? So, you know, a classic game can
still be one that, uh, you know, is of questionable taste like that one, which is gross. Well, maybe you should go
read a book, read a book, get some speed stick. It's not expensive. All right. Uh, that's gonna do it for this first
half of the show, but we have plenty more show to come, including the Fugu Question of the Week, rapid fire news,
your emails, your phone calls, much more. And yes, there might even, if you're all good kids just in time for the
holidays, I may have a story near the end about pornography. So stay tuned and we'll get to all that and more when we
come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this December the 8th of 2013 with the 530th episode of
our program. Uh, all right. We've had a lot of gaming news so far, but there's plenty more news to come. So let's get
right back into it. Loki.
All right. Um, so let's talk a little bit about, um, one of the announcements that was at the whole VGX and that was
that Cranky Kong is going to be the new character that's joined the roster for Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze. Yes, this
was the big announcement that Nintendo had been teasing about on Twitter and everybody everywhere else that they got on
the show to share this incredibly important piece of information. Oh, and the release date of February 21st. What a
wasted opportunity.
Well, if they've got nothing else to say, I mean, I don't even bother being there. I mean, seriously. Well, I don't know.
Like I get the whole like wanting to build hype for the game that's coming out and everything, but I think, and I don't know
who's to really to blame for this, if it's Nintendo's fault or if it's internet slash fans fault that this was hyped up, like OMG,
they're going to show a new Zelda. They're not going to show. I don't think that they would do that, but like, but there was
people out there that that was the expectation bar in some people's heads, you know, it's just, it's not even that exciting of
news. I mean, it's, I agree. It was, it was, it was blown up to be way bigger than what it ended up being. But I mean, this is
like, this is like kind of one of those bullet points that they go and, you know, during their Nintendo directs, Oh, and by the
way, we have those exclusive news on a new character for blah, blah, blah. I mean, it was something that really didn't need to
be, you know, he didn't need to go to this show to do that. I will say though, that there's a part of me that does kind of see
the humor and that Nintendo really hyped up that they were going to give VGX a big exclusive. And then they kind of pooped on
that. Like that is kind of funny in a way you have to, you have to see the humor in that at least that is kind of, I mean, I don't
know. I'm sure they would have to have shared the news with them, but it'd been kind of, let's just play make believe here for a
little bit. It would have been funny that they didn't tell them what they was. And so they, Oh yeah, we're gonna give them on the
shows. It's gonna be incredible. Yeah. And they dropped the bomb. Hey, cranky gongs and donkey code. What? That's what you
had? Seriously? Scott of Tron and chat says the host seemed pissed after this announcement. So maybe they didn't. They did
see you have his, they're like, Oh, what about like news on a Metroid or something like that? I heard some people on Twitter
were saying that it almost came off as rude, like that Nintendo, that they were kind of rude to Nintendo. I mean, again, that
could be through fandom lens. I didn't watch it, but what was your impression? Did you see that? I saw the clip because they
have this like kind of, you know, uh, edited clip thing of all the moments of the show, you know, all the like shit that went
down and I did see that and I don't know. I, my reaction probably would have been the same thing. Like, Ooh, cool. No, really.
What's your, what's your special little exclusive announcement that you're going to have? I mean, that was a cool trailer and
you know, Donkey Kong, but what's your real announcement? Oh, that was the real announcement. Oh, you're going to give us a
release date? Grool. And that's what he said. He's like, Hey, but I already gave your release date and yeah, I caught the, I
caught the joke and I gave you the release date and this new exclude character. What else did you want? You're like, fuck
something else. You know, I, that's kind of the reaction that it seemed like that they were giving. And yeah, I seriously, it's
like, who gives a shit? I mean, it's, it's not like it's, I don't know. It's not that big a deal. I mean, yeah, that's cool.
It's a playable character. All I'm saying is that Nintendo may not be the ones to really blame for that. And if you look at it
from a trolling perspective, it's great. I understand that. But who, who is this? I mean, Nintendo has to understand where
their dera demographic is, who is watching an award show about video games, not casual people that play video games. It's
people that are fucking dedicated hardcore into video games. They're going to spend the time watching a video games award
show. And when you put this out there, no one gives a shit. In fact, they just, it further reinforces the fact that Nintendo
just doesn't get what I want. You know? Yeah. Like this would have been a great time to announce, I mean, to be, to be fair,
it's, I'm not like, I'm not totally defending Nintendo here or whatever, because this is a, this would be a great
opportunity to come out and say, virtual console games will now be playable across the internet and the camera on your
Wii U, you can see your opponent. Like, how amazing would that be? Except that is never going to happen. That's what
frustrates people about Nintendo. Even if you want to do something lame like announce a character or something, do it for a
game that your hardcore fan base is actually going to go after, which would be Smash Brothers. You know, now it's a new
Smash Brothers character or something. Cranky Kong is the new Smash Brothers character. Okay, that's a little bit more
interesting now. Yeah. You know, it's just this, whatever. For me, I'm not buying the game. I don't even own the console, so it's
not a big deal, but it's just kind of like, you had the opportunity to hype this big thing and then you could have just, I've been on
the fence about this Donkey Kong game. I don't really, you know, I like the Donkey Kong Country games, but I just don't, I don't
know. I just kind of feel like there'll be other stuff I want to play when this game comes out. This didn't exactly sway me into
the must buy category. Let's just put it that way. Donkey Kong Country was special when it was on Super Nintendo. Yes, and I think
it's, I think that's, for me, I'm going to be honest, I think that series is a little played out for me. Yeah, now it's been there done
that because there's nothing really advanced graphically or gameplay wise that wasn't done. But then again, then again, Nintendo
does platformers very well. This new Mario game is one of the best of the year. But this is the thing is they're trying to, they're
kind of saying, Hey, you know, new Super Mario Brothers sold pretty well. Let's take the new Super Mario Brothers gameplay and we'll
inject it into yet another game. And that's kind of what they're doing. It's like, Oh, Hey, four player co-op is what's going to be in
this game. I'm assuming because they have another character now. Yeah. So there's gonna be four player co-op in this. And it's
basically new, new Donkey Kong Country, or, you know, I mean, it's kind of what it seems like to me so much for rapid fire.
Act-def made the same point based off the description of the character. He saw the, he made exactly the same point that I was going to
Scrooge McCranky Kong.
Kinda. Oh, all right, let's move on.
Anyways, Final Fantasy 8 came out on Steam. Some people hated it. Some people loved it. It's $11.99. Same price as Final Fantasy 7. That's
it. Oh, and they tweaked some things. The Chocobo World thing that was a PocketStation thing. That's actually now synced with the game. I
guess you can launch that and play that as well. Um, and then they also have the option to, I think, boost your magic in the game to
like level 100. Um, just by putting an option in to make it, I guess, easier. So you don't have to draw as much.
That's welcome. That's a welcome change. Okay. Now, now I might buy it. Yeah. Now I'm, uh, yeah, I, this changes everything.
Rob, we need to let's play.
I'll think about it. Okay.
All right. And then, uh, it goes on sale.
Kelly, I got to read a real quick comment in the chat about the Nintendo thing and it's, it's really good. So I need to get this out there.
As the 200 Matt says, but you know what? Nintendo still makes bank, so they don't have to announce anything. Sadly, it bothers people
because Nintendo comes off like the old uncle who keeps giving their nephews the same gift every year for Christmas, the past 20 years.
I like it when that gift is money.
I thought that analogy was pretty clever anyway.
Well, Nintendo's, I mean, to be fair, Nintendo, if we're going to go back to it, Nintendo is starting to serialize their Mario games.
You know, we give all these other companies shit for releasing yearly released games.
Nintendo's kind of done that with Mario.
It's starting to get kind of redundant.
Like I don't, I mean, Mario games are good and stuff, but let's, let's mix it up.
Like, like I would love to see a new franchise for Nintendo.
I would love that, you know, instead of Mario, Metroid, Zelda, Kirby, I guess.
I would almost buy that argument except for two big, big reasons.
A, the Mario games are almost bar none some of the best of the year every single time they come out.
And you know, you don't hear that about a Madden game or even about DDR or whatever serial game you want to talk about because that Mario 3D world is on point.
And you know, if they can crank out something like that, then every year, then bring me it every year because that game is fucking amazing.
B, Nintendo has tried some other franchises and they flopped.
Steel Diver.
Have they really tried?
Was that really an attempt?
They put it out as, you know, a somewhat launch title for the 3DS and then that was it.
They didn't support it any further than that.
It wasn't really an attempt.
Nintendo Land.
Monita isn't exactly going to be an in-demand Smash Brothers character.
Let's be real.
Monita's a little done.
Monita's going to get unplugged after that one.
Come on.
I don't know.
I just think that there's a lot more they could be doing.
Final Fantasy Realm Reborn.
PlayStation 4 version is going to launch April 2014.
At least that's what's been announced in Japan.
Well, we found when you're going to get your system again, Rob.
Right.
I think it's probably most likely going to have probably around the same time for North America as well.
So that's exciting.
And that was a 100% completely accurate statement by Jason.
YYR makes a very good point.
How about a new Star Fox that plays like Star Fox?
How about a new F-Zero?
Developed by Nintendo.
Yes.
Well, here I have some Nintendo news that, you know, might, I don't know, might change things a little bit.
But honestly, this one, not really.
Because Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams could be coming to Wii U in 2014.
Some of the new DLC for the Wii U.
Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams, it's a good game, but it's like, this isn't the type of news that's really going to turn a lot of heads.
It's just, okay, you know, cool.
Indie's on Wii U, still going there.
And it's nice to hear about DLC actually working on Wii U.
So, cool.
So there you go.
They do say now, in an interview with the studio head, Arian Gorsh, says that the Wii U version is more fun than other console versions because it was revised for a cleaner cut.
And they say the Wii U is the best console for indie releases.
That's what makes this noteworthy, if nothing else, is that, you know, even though some big studios are turning away and shunning the Wii U, some of the indies really, really love it.
Some other people that really, really love the Wii U, Time Magazine.
And usually I wouldn't note these types of things, but when it's coming from something that's a little more mainstream and not like gamer or tech focused, like Time Magazine, and granted they have different sections.
But Time Magazine came out with an article that said, these are 10 reasons why this holiday season you should get a Wii U and not a PlayStation 4 or an Xbox One.
And this isn't really something that the media at large is really talking about because everybody's focusing on PlayStation 1 or PlayStation 1, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, like a lot of people kind of already written off Wii U.
But a time writer, Matt Peckham, came out and said, you know what, here's some reasons why you should choose the Wii U.
It boils down to this.
Number one, it has the games you want to play now.
Number two, and it'll have the games you want to play next year.
Number three, the Wii U game pad is a portable console.
That's a little sketch.
And I'm also kind of scratching-
And by portable you mean within your house then maybe.
And I'm also scratching my head at the games you want to play next year and the games you want to play now because what if those games have to be from EA, then you're not playing those games.
Number four, it is $300, which is $100 less than the PlayStation 4, so it's the cheapest.
Number five, there's no annual subscription fee.
Number six, it's high def enough.
Number seven, Wii U games are cheaper on balance.
I think that has to do with DLC and all that.
Number eight, Nintendo has the eShop.
Sony and Microsoft have Nada.
That makes no sense to me where he was going with that bullet point because-
Yeah, I didn't get that one there, I straight up laughed at that one.
This whole article seems kind of, you know, pantsy.
Yes, but I think there's too many people that have written off the Wii U when I think in some ways the Wii U does make a decent case where it could be the system this year.
And you can wait on the other systems until next year because it does have more games that are available, period.
I'll tell you what, since I was such a great marketing person for the PlayStation 4 last week, allow me to provide my services for the Wii U.
The Wii U is a good choice for your family.
It has a lot of great family games, especially if you love the Nintendo games that you played a long time ago, it's going to have a lot of your favorite classics and stuff.
And that's what you're looking for. This is going to be a great console for you.
Plus the second screen controller is awesome when someone wants to watch TV or play something else or whatever.
I mean, it's great as far as that goes.
And yes, it is cool that you don't have to pay for an online subscription for their online service.
That's a plus.
And also a lot of the games are going to be cheaper, usually.
Then again, also there's, I don't know, I should say a lot more family friendly options for the Wii U.
And what else could I possibly say?
If you like Mario and Zelda games that much, get one.
It's also the only console that's kind of focused on family gameplay and more local gameplay as well.
And it's also a console that's very friendly to indie games.
So you're going to find a lot of the games that have the same features and kind of gameplay that you...
That's funny because that was dude's number nine.
It has an indie lineup, has a decent indie lineup.
By the way, just to clarify the eShop thing, the writer was talking more about the virtual console and the backwards compatibility
where you can play the Nintendo, Super Nintendo and Wii games all because of virtual console.
It wasn't so much the fact that it has an online store.
It was more what's available in that store, the classic games.
And then number 10, his reason is that it is more than just a game system with the whole TV and remote integration.
Again, that bullet point's a little bit shaky because Xbox One, you can do the whole watch TV in your Xbox.
I mean, it's... I don't see where... I mean, I like... Don't get me wrong.
I'm not knocking what Wii U does because that TV stuff where you can chat during like big TV events is different.
It's neat, but it's not... I don't think it's nearly as strong of a bullet point.
I think if you're honestly looking...
If you're buying a console for your family and you haven't bought a game console ever or in a long time,
I say your best option is probably to go PlayStation 3 and Xbox or Xbox 360.
They're gonna be cheaper than the Wii U.
There's a lot more games, a lot cheaper games out there,
and they're gonna have the games you're gonna wanna play this year and next year as well.
Plus, you can use it for TV and all that other stuff.
Not knocking the Wii U as far as that goes, but they just don't...
They have games that, you know, they have the Nintendo games and you're only gonna be able to find them there.
And, you know...
Alright, we gotta get past this.
Buy a 3DS. There you go.
The things that Nintendo has to work on, according to the article, just to be fair.
Drop the system price again.
We need a new killer Zelda or Metroid or new Nintendo IP we haven't seen before.
Almost echoing what we just said.
And needs more third-party games, which I really don't know how they're gonna get out of that one.
It may take throwing money at people. We'll see.
Alright, one other thing I wanna talk about...
Wait a second. I gotta ask here.
It says, thanks, Colette, at the bottom there.
And then at the very top, though, it's written by a guy named, you know...
This particular website was tipped off from somebody else, probably.
Colette tipped off my Nintendo news about the time article.
Oh, okay, got it. Matt Peck...
Okay, I...
Okay, so that...
I...
Should've looked where...
I don't know.
It just seemed very vague.
It was very thrown, extended, multiple...
Yeah.
Alright.
Alright, moving on.
There's some news about the Typing of the Dead DLC for Typing of the Dead Overkill.
This time...
Now, you might be thinking, Rob, didn't you talk about this last week?
But no, this is different, because this one is free!
Free DLC, as opposed to having to pay for it.
So, this DLC will turn the game's phrases into lines of commentary from Football Manager.
So, if you wanna type football phrases, such as,
horror leg break, spooned it over, agent's fees, little flick off, Manchester Derby...
If you wanna type any of those phrases, you can do that.
It's cute, and it's free.
So, cool.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
I have some stuff.
First of all, for fans of the Ys series, there is a fan translation for Ys V.
That was, it never came out in the US, it came out in 1995 on the Super Famicom,
and instead of the type of combat that the earlier Ys games had,
it was a lot more Zelda-like, for lack of a better description.
And since, basically, if I do remember correctly,
I think it's the same group that did Ys IV Dawn of Ys.
So, if you want it, go get it.
Also, Ultra Street Fighter IV will actually be available as a digital upgrade,
that is going to be for $14.99 in early June.
That's also the same price as in terms of Euros,
so they're actually kind of getting it a little bit cheaper than...
No, they're getting it more expensive than we are.
So, oops.
So, you can get the full bundle, however, for $40.
And I watched the location testing for it.
Some pretty neat stuff.
Poison actually was pretty, pretty badass.
And then, for Video Games Live,
Akira Yamaoka is going to be at the Dubai show on December 13th.
So, if you're there, film it, and send it to me.
And stalk him for me, because...
Yeah.
I mean, no.
Oh, no.
All right.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
He...
Yamaoka did the soundtrack, or some aspect thereof, to Bioshock?
Where's an evil?
I'm confused about this.
I think that's just some of the other stuff that they're playing.
That his spin on it could be...
Maybe.
Could be.
It's either his spin on it, or it's just something Video Games Live plays the music from that stuff.
I was very confused for a moment to continue.
I think it's Video Games Live, probably.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get into the FUGL question of the week.
You take Facebook, you take Google, you smash it together, you get FUGL.
Let's go to our question, as we do post every week on our Facebook page.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, or Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio
are the places where you can follow us on the social networkings.
And we thought this week, in honor of Danny Wells, who passed away this week,
we thought we'd ask a question about 80s and 90s television shows,
based on video games and gaming culture.
You guys have your favorites, I'm sure.
Did you watch any of them growing up?
What were your favorites?
Do you have any memories you want to share about those games?
So let's get to it.
Just a couple answers here over on Google Plus.
Rhetortainment says, wait, I thought John Languizamo died.
I remember John from my first hangover when I watched Land of the Dead,
because it was on TNT and I didn't want to move.
That was a nice way to spend a Tuesday afternoon.
I think there was rumors...
Somebody else from Land of the Dead died, though.
There was rumors about him a few years ago, but it's not true.
Just like the kid from the Wonder Years is not Marilyn Manson.
And what other big rumors are out there?
Anyway, all right.
ActDeaf replied on Google Plus and says, as many will probably say,
I watched the Super Mario Brothers Super Show,
though I always waited anxiously every Friday for the Legend of Zelda episode.
It was cheesy as hell, but it was the 80s.
So excuse me, princess.
But my favorite video game show or cartoon from back in the 90s
is probably Sonic the Hedgehog or Sonic Saturday AM.
That series was freaking awesome.
I also lived for Zelda Fridays myself.
That was like, if I were to answer this question,
Zelda Fridays were where it was at.
That and somebody had said it here on Facebook.
I'll read this answer from Degenerate Johnny.
This is my other answer.
If I could name one video game show from my childhood,
it would be StarCade.
It was an 80s game show, pun intended,
that challenged the skills and video game knowledge of gamers,
which was a real treat to watch.
Back in the good old days of G4,
the network re-aired old episodes of StarCade,
which brought back fond memories I felt when I first saw the show.
That would also be my other answer.
I loved game shows.
I lived for game shows growing up.
I watched game show network when I could,
when it was, you know, early available.
USA used to show a bunch of old game shows too.
I remember that.
And so, yeah, I loved that show.
And honestly, it would be my dream.
If I could do anything in my little broadcasting career,
quote unquote, getting to host a remake of StarCade
would be my ultimate dream in life.
But, you know, I know that that's going to be
a little bit difficult to do.
But if you ask me,
what do you really want to do more than anything?
I would love to host a resurgence of that show StarCade,
because that game, that show was awesome.
Unfortunately, with arcades kind of on their way out,
I don't know.
It would have to be focused on retro games or something.
Maybe with the King of Kong and how well that does and all that.
All right.
Anyway.
Barcade.
Yeah, you never know.
Let's see some other answers here.
KJ says very fond memories of GameProTV.
Captain and the GameMaster, Super Mario Bros. Super Show,
and the short lived Legend of Zelda cartoon.
Although I used to yell at my TV when those kids
were playing video game challenges on Nick Arcade.
Mainly because those kids couldn't play Neo Geo games
to save their lives.
Or any other system for that matter.
Tiger Claw says as a kid growing up in the 80s,
I remember watching Saturday Supercade,
a block of cartoons based on classic 80s arcade games
like Donkey Kong, which was Mario's first appearance on TV.
I remember watching all cartoon versions of the first three
Super Mario games as well.
Captain and the GameMaster was also my favorite series growing up.
Ronnie B says Pokemon, if that counts.
Why not?
It does.
It does.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream says I like the crap out of the Qbert cartoon when I was a kid.
And I still get the theme song from the pole position
cartoon stuck in my head now and then.
I also liked a Dragon Quest anime called Dragon Warrior
that I recorded every week on VHS.
You know what?
I actually, I just mentioned Qbert in the chat room.
I used to watch that too because it was sort of like,
they're on another planet, but they're based off of 50s American culture.
And Pac-Man.
Jonko, one of our friends from Koopa Club replied and said,
I used to watch Captain N every morning before school.
And then when I came home, I'd run around with my NES controller
wrapped around my waist like a belt, brandishing my zapper.
I convinced myself that I was going to be Captain N when I grew up.
20 years later, I made it happen through the magic of cosplay.
Awesome.
And by the way, I just want to point out Jonko's little icon right now,
his little user picture is his cap, is Captain N cosplay.
So props to you.
One more answer here from Raginator who said,
yeah, I watched stuff like Captain N, Super Mario Brothers Super Show,
and it's ilk back in the late 80s and early 90s.
Even then I thought that the quality of shows were kind of crappy,
but considered the overall lack of any real meaningful choices
of gaming related programming, I felt resigned to picking the
less crappy of the crappy.
Those are some of the answers from Facebook.
If you want to see the rest, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Any other shows that y'all want to bring up?
I think that the chatters hit on mine.
Well, there was the Pac-Man one.
Yeah, even the Christmas special, which I actually went back and watched.
It was horrible.
I knew I watched Captain N.
I hated how the characters were characterized,
but I loved seeing the different worlds that they'd go to.
I thought the Game Boy was stupid.
And while it isn't a video game one, it's definitely one of those 80s
things that had to do with the whole pop music thing was I actually liked kid video.
Do you remember that?
I do.
I do.
And there was another, there was another game show where at the end,
if they did well, they would run through and grab like all the video games they could.
With the velcro vest?
Yes.
Yes.
Somebody in chattel shouted out.
I used to watch that every Saturday.
Yeah, that was the other big video game show.
That one was awesome.
And then, um, I watched Game Pro TV,
especially when they did the Neo Geo review,
because I used to have that one on tape.
And then I moved out here and Dan had a Neo Geo.
And I was like, holy shit, these exist.
You know, so it was pretty funny.
And, um, I, I loved, uh, I, I really liked Pole Position,
which I've got all of that downloaded.
Thank you, Tiger Claw.
Video Power was the name of it.
Video Power, that was definitely it.
Do we used to have a listener named Vid Power?
We did.
Yeah, we did.
Yeah.
Um, a couple, there was, there was another one that I used to...
Nick Arcade.
Nah.
Well, what about, what about you guys?
Well, she's thinking, Loki, Jason, anything you want to throw out there?
I missed most of those.
And I think that's because I'm just a few years younger than you guys.
I wasn't...
Oh, rub it in.
I, I don't...
Nick Arcade though.
I was like a teenager when that was out.
Well, that's been rerun to fucking infinity, unlike every other show.
True.
Um, so Nick Arcade is what I live for.
There was one that, that, that made me, uh, react in similar ways that wasn't actually
video game related.
Um, I caught it on, uh, Fox Family, ABC, whatever that, that network has been, uh, called Masters
of the Maze.
Um, it was, it was a, it was a trivia game and you run through the maze with this big
suit and, uh, the, your, your assistant uses the joystick to tell you which way to go and
you have all these good gadgets and doodads on your vest that don't actually do anything
in a blind or visor.
It was, it was silly.
Uh, yeah.
And love Nick, Nick, Nick Arcade.
Um, when I was thinking about shows that I used to watch, PBS had this afterschool special
show called Square One and they had, yes, yes, that show was the bomb.
Math, Math Man.
Yeah, that show was the shit that came to mind as soon as you guys were talking about
and math net.
I, that was like one of my favorite shows.
It was awesome.
I used to fucking run the fuck home so I could watch Square One.
Like what a nerd.
I'm running home to watch educational programming, but that show was the shit.
I am glad people are reacting to the show.
Yes.
Oh God.
You never, ever heard of it.
Oh, in chat room.
I'm sure they're lighting up too.
There was that.
And then three, two, one contact was huge.
Um, I was a little, little, little too young for electric company.
I don't remember that as much.
Yeah.
I, I remember electric company.
So that one was, uh, was definitely one for me, but I'm trying to, to,
now I'm actually having to pull up a list to remember.
Hold on.
I've got something for Jason.
You ready?
You ready?
You ready, Jason?
You've already seen this much of Square One TV.
How much do you figure is left?
This is 0.44 on the screen.
Here we go.
Math Man, your mission is to eat only multiples of six.
When you encounter a number, you will have until the count of three to make your decision.
Oh no, not the glitch.
Why did they ever turn this into an actual game?
Like we had 72.
Is that a multiples of six?
Quick.
He ate it.
He's right.
Okay.
Um, why is it?
This is why they didn't turn it into a game.
Math Man, Math Man, Math Man, Math Man, Math Man, Math Man, Math Man, Math Man, Math Man.
They had number munchers.
I think so.
Yeah, but that wasn't.
Number, number, number, number, number, number.
844.
So I was looking at other stuff, other ones, Rob, and there was like a really crappy Street
Fighter cartoon American done that wasn't, you know, actually as good as any of the anime
were.
And I know that the, I think that the game was based off of, there was Battle Toads,
you know, which was pretty funny.
Um, there was a, there was a Mortal Kombat cartoon that was really awful.
Um, and Double Dragon.
Our, our, our buddy from video game realness, uh, Mega Man 400 is in chat saying no one
watched the Mega Man cartoon.
Cause nobody mentioned it.
I caught, I remember wanting to, I think I caught like five minutes of it while I was,
it was absurdly early in the morning.
So I woke up, caught a pinch of it and fell back to sleep.
Wow.
Queen Samia says they have an updated electric company going on now.
Do they really?
I have to see kind of awesome.
I love the electric company.
All right.
The square one stuff though, just to say we actually had this thing for my homeroom, um,
that was square one for school where we would get a news alert thing and then they would
show like the math man and they would show just little segments and then do, and this
is what's going on with science right now.
So we'd get kind of like a, a special version of square one at school.
So it was kind of cool.
We are currently being yelled at and lectured by a Mega Man 400 in chat for the lack of
the Mega Man cartoon.
Uh, at some point, I guess I'll have to check that out.
Uh, Tiger Claw says there were cartoons that were single shot episodes.
Even Bubsy had one.
Oh God.
Wow.
Bubsy 3D?
Act F'd?
No.
What does Act F say?
I loved Reboot 2 as a kid.
I tried to rewatch it on Netflix.
It was terrible.
All right.
Uh, we got to move on.
There's still more gaming news to get to.
We could do an entire three hour episode about children's TV shows that we grew up on.
Uh, and maybe that'll happen over the holidays when it's really slow.
Uh, that could be like a good list list, but for now we got to get to more gaming news.
So, you know, we just need to do, we need to do a spinoff show called 30 something T
uh, radio.
30, the geeks who were in their thirties, the radio show.
Oh my God.
That you might be onto something dark soccer.
Copyright Jamie.
Patent pending.
2013 through 14.
Patent pending.
All rights reserved.
All right.
Uh, Loki.
So, uh, the launch of battlefield four hasn't been that great.
Apparently they've had server issues like crazy and dice has been just kind of, um,
trying to get things fixed.
So to kind of help with that, um, they have halted work on everything but battlefield four.
Um, so I guess that's gonna, you know, delay that mirrors edge reboot and star star was
bell front.
Um, and also the expansions for battlefield four, they want to get the game working.
Um, you know, ASAP, we know we still have ways to go with fixing the game.
It's that it is absolutely our number one priority.
And the team at dice is working nonstop to update the game.
And we know players are frustrated and we feel your pain and we will not stop until
this is right.
So it's good to see that they're taking charge.
It's too bad that it took like, you know, a whole, you know, almost two months before,
you know, they did that.
Yeah.
I'm not a battlefield four player myself, but I have heard there have been some issues.
So that's, uh, yeah.
And code man says there, the servers are shit on PlayStation four.
EA game and servers are shit.
Say it ain't.
So to be fair, a lot of games have launched problems.
My beloved Final Fantasy 14 Rome Reborn was kind of a shit-tacular experience the first
couple of weeks because of similar issues.
Couple of weeks.
This game's been out for like six weeks now.
No games.
Well, I haven't skewed perspective because a, I actually played 1.0 and B the beta went
on for so long.
It wasn't that I'm in, I'm in battlefield.
Oh, battlefield.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
No, they, they didn't get on it as fast as they should have.
I agree with that.
All right.
So anyway, uh, moving on with some other news.
Uh, this story is about a beloved system of mine, the Commodore 64.
Yes, I have Commodore 64 news tonight.
Ha.
Uh, this is cool because, uh, Paul Kohler and Mikel Hastert, who did a port of super
crate box, which was called super bread box.
They did a port of super hexagon that is, uh, yeah, which was a more recent game, but
they actually ported that to the Commodore 64.
So let me actually play a little bit of this in studio.
Well, it doesn't really do anything at the beginning, but then when it gets into the
video here a little bit, check out that sweet Commodore 64 synth music when it gets a little
further here in the video, maybe, but you can actually play this in an emulator or you
can actually play it on a regular system.
Nice.
I'm rocking out.
I know what I'm going to play this week.
Props to you guys for doing this.
This looks great for a Commodore 64 game.
I wonder if Terry Cavanaugh likes the Commodore 64, considering that these two last titles
have been Commodore 64 looking games for those who did not know.
I think a lot of people, I think a lot of people were influenced by the Commodore 64.
That was actually, uh, I, with the exception of educational games and maybe one or two
other random things like that, which I talked about three weeks ago.
Um, I, I never owned a Commodore 64, so I'm pretty distanced from like tape loading and
actually understanding its extended basic that you have to use and all that kind of
stuff.
But I loved the games I played on Commodore 64, uh, Space Taxi, um, Beachhead.
Some, I want to say it was Top Gun, but it was something Dogfight like.
And then this, I used to play the hell out of this game and it was by the makers of Beachhead.
I need to do a let's remember video for this plug plug.
Maybe I'll do that this week.
It's a good week for YouTube.
Yeah.
This, uh, it was by the makers of Beachhead.
They did a game.
This is kind of, it's kind of wrong if you think about it, but it was definitely a relic
of the eighties.
It was a game called Raid Over Moscow.
Do you ever play this?
It was a game where like, literally there's nuclear warheads being launched out of Moscow
into America and you're kind of going to stop it from happening.
And it was, it's kind of controversial at the time when it came out.
I don't know why.
Why are we on this topic?
Sorry.
You got me on Commodore 64 kick.
And then you said Beachhead and I was like, Oh, did you know the Beachhead makers made
this game anyway?
Or we could just listen to awesome Chiptune songs that were made on the Commodore 64.
I'm down for that.
Ooh.
You know, could somebody write a new OLR theme in the Commodore 64 said chip that would be
rad.
Do it.
I can ask.
Doesn't Bobby do some of that stuff?
Maybe.
Maybe.
All right.
Uh, anyhow.
Oh, good.
I'm not the only one that remembers Dungeon Buster in chat says that's a great game.
I always flew the plane into the wall.
The very first thing you have to do is fly the plane out of a hangar.
Cause you know, you got to get a plane out there.
And I always crashed it into the wall cause I was seven and awful at video games.
Anyway, uh, let's move on dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
I'm actually, uh, we're still talking about cartoons in chat and I will freely admit that
I loved vehicle Voltron because, and now I'm actually trying to find subtitled copies of
die rigger 15 that it was based off of.
So I've got all of go lion, which is fucking depressing.
So this is a little bit, um, it's, it's related to video games in the terms that it uses the,
um, the connect, but there is a robot called Russell that is, um, it was created by scientists,
um, at, uh, looks like a Vanderbilt university in Tennessee that uses the connect sensor to work
with autistic kids and basically, um, and for people who don't really understand autism very
well, um, basically the biggest thing, what, you know, with just about any range of it is having
problems with social cues and being overwhelmed very easily by sensory information.
And with looking at a human face, there's a lot of information that a person can miss,
but working into understanding movements and interaction with a robot that has limited forms
of interaction itself has been helping a lot of these kids acclimatize better into a neurotypical
society.
So it's, it's pretty neat.
There's a quote in here from one of the scientists behind it that says autistic children understand
the physical world much better than the social world.
So since this isn't as complex as a human being, the child isn't overstimulated.
But the fact that it's using the connect to sense the child's movements and react to it
is, I'd have to say a pretty good application for the technology.
So it's, it's nice to hear about, you know, what the technology for gaming is kind of doing
for good out there, especially when there's been a lot of dog in on connect lately because,
you know, it's a required part of Xbox one and there's really not a lot of games using
it.
So it is kind of nice to hear some of these other stories that help kind of, oh, this
is, this is why this technology is awesome.
Exactly.
And I think that in this case too, where, you know, like I said, where a human can basically
give way too much information for, especially a more advanced autistic case, having a robot
that's giving much limited information is a lot easier to process and better for integration.
So our, our robot overlords will be kind to us.
All right.
Let's move on a few more stories before we get to the mailbag.
Loki.
All right.
Um, so as I mentioned in my gaming week, I did play a little bit of just cause to the
multiplayer mod.
It's right now they're doing their final beta test of the servers and stuff this week.
And, um, it will be launching officially on steam December 16th and they haven't given
a price to it yet.
I don't know if it's going to be free or if it's just going to be something that, um,
there's a fee to, but so far so good.
And it's, it's pretty fun.
So, um, look forward to that, I guess in a couple of weeks.
And, uh, if you can definitely join up in the beta if they haven't, um, close out.
Yeah, I think, uh, JC dash MP.com and, uh, you can sign up there and get a steam key
to, um, uh, yeah, to, uh, get the, uh, latest client there.
So, um, recommend you do that if you haven't already.
Cause it's fun.
You've talked enough about that here on this program, just your excitement for it makes
me kind of want to play it.
It's cause I bet I can get the game super cheap.
Unlike grand theft auto five is still a little pricey.
I skipped just cause one, but I like just cause two is the, is the longest adventure
hunt collectible, collectible game that I've played ever.
And I, and I got to, um, 94, 95, maybe 96% completion, uh, finished the story, started
a second play through like this game is one that I'm actually going through completion
on the frustrating part is that the game is bugged and you literally cannot reasonably,
uh, get a hundred percent collection in that game.
But this sounds fucking awesome.
So sad.
It's windows only PC only and windows only.
Well, here's a game that, uh, you'll probably only be able to experience on PC only pretty
soon, although not if the publishers are able to get their way at skull girls, which I know
a lot of people have been talking about.
Um, this game is by publisher autumn games.
And, uh, here's the thing they are terminating their business deal with Konami because Konami
was the ones that actually, uh, got the game distributed and got it onto the Xbox live
arcade and onto the PlayStation network.
Well, because they are severing their ties with Konami, Konami has asked that the games
be delisted.
So skull girls will be removed from the PlayStation network on December 17th and on off Xbox live
arcade before the end of the year when the contract expires.
Now, um, unfortunately what's happening with this whole thing is that, uh, they want to
replace skull girls with a, I guess a different self published build that actually has some
of the improvements that the PC update had in it.
They're trying to get that out ASAP, but I get the sense they might've been blindsided
by this a little bit, that this is going to happen so fast because, uh, the design director
for skull girls, Mike Zamet said, uh, that the delisting is, uh, kind of like final fantasy
six is magic user casting Ultima before he dies.
So, uh, it's, it is a bit of a, uh, uh, thing, but I mean, if you're going to end an agreement,
these things are going to happen.
So I'm not really sure what to think in this particular scenario.
I just hope that the, uh, uh, well, I think it's good that they're going to kind of at
least make the new version a little better and they're going to bring some of the improvements
over.
So that's pretty cool.
And so they'll get that up there.
They need to get it in, I guess like next week, if before PlayStation quality assurance,
like closes for the holidays, if they don't want there to be a gap.
But I think the reality is there's probably going to be a little bit of a gap before this
game's available again, but maybe they can kind of make, um, make lemonade out of lemons
or whatever the hell you want to call it by kind of using this as like another way to
kind of relaunch the game and get it out there.
You know, when life gives you lemons, you demand to see life's manager.
When life gives you lemons, you mix it with vodka.
And then burn their house down with the lemons.
And then squirt it in their eyes.
All right.
Uh, let's travel to the mailbag.
Um, I, I figured, I knew ActDeft was a fan of Skullgirls by the way.
ActDeft in chat says support the steam version.
So you do still have a way you can support this game of something.
All right.
I was actually tempted to get it.
So yeah, yeah, it looks, it looks fun.
I just, I haven't had a chance to get, grab it yet.
I just had a couple of friends on my Tumblr who were super obsessed with Skullgirls.
Yeah.
So I know a lot more about the backstory of the game without ever having played it.
So, all right, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us mailbag at orange launch trader.com
is the place to send us emails and the dark soccer will go to the email bag.
She's going to dive in head first.
It's sticky.
Gross.
And she's going to see what emails are in there tonight.
We have a lot tonight.
Oh my God.
We got one from an old school listener.
Yay.
I love old school listeners.
Do you remember?
Um, uh, I love new school ones too though for the record.
Do you remember Asian buddy Paul?
Yeah.
Hey, OLR.
I was talking about gaming news at work one day and wondered how the podcast was doing.
I'm glad you guys are still going very strong.
And that's from Asian buddy Paul.
Um, well, that literally was an email.
Just saying, Hey.
Hey.
Sup, OLR.
Sup.
Sup, bro.
Sup, bitches.
Yeah, we're, we're still here.
We're just a little older.
Okay.
This comes from Robert M.
Last episode you were musing about dubstep Christmas music.
I got a sample music track a year ago.
The capital King's version of Carol of the Bells.
Easily one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard.
I have heard that.
And in fact,
Pause for Rob to look it up on YouTube and play a podcast.
Oh my God.
That's exactly what I was doing.
And for Jamie's ears to recover.
They have that actually at this.
There's a court nearby that, um, decorates lights in all their houses.
And they have one guy that has that synced up to music.
That song actually.
It's pretty awesome.
I think I saw this in a YouTube ad of all things.
Just in the last couple of days.
Oh, silly.
You too.
All right.
Well, let me get, let me get to it.
All right, here we go.
I'll skip ahead a little bit in the song here.
This doesn't sound anything too crazy.
Let me skip a little further.
That should be right there.
That's that's what I want to record on all of my, you know, Christmas cards.
Now they have the audio Christmas cards and stuff like that right there.
Merry Christmas.
And it drops right there.
Okay.
Maybe it wasn't that one.
He had actually a really cool Christmas song that was dubstep.
But I don't, I don't think it was that.
That wasn't very good.
Wow.
Okay.
Which brings me to this most likely non-video game question.
Is there Christmas music you enjoy any time of the year regardless of your own traditions?
For me, it's the Sonic Santa Claus and They Might Be Giants cover,
Nutcracker, uh, Tchaikovsky, Nutcracker Suite,
and of course Vince Guiardi's A Charlie Brown Christmas Soundtrack.
Keep up the great show.
Um, no, I hate Christmas music to be honest.
I really do.
I never liked it.
Except like Bing Crosby.
I love the crooners.
I get a little bit annoyed with it.
It's not that I really hate Christmas music.
It just goes on too long.
Like Christmas music should be like-
I'm tired of Mariah Carey.
The week of Christmas.
That's it.
Not December 1st and certainly not the day after Halloween.
The week of Christmas.
That's enough.
I've got a kind of a weird one that I like.
Um, I actually like, um, the soundtrack to Toys.
Yes.
Toys had a really good soundtrack, but I mean-
They had like, it's not really Christmas, but I mean Christmas themes.
It was, it was light and fluffy and airy for some of them.
But they had like, there was that one song-
It was Tori Amos too.
Yeah, it was a couple tracks.
It was the one, um, the one that they had like the choir of kids singing or something like that.
That one's like pretty cool.
And Hans Zimmer.
I mean Hans Zimmer is fucking awesome.
What can you say?
For the record, there is a Hanukkah song.
There's actually a couple of Hanukkah songs I will listen to.
And one of them is the Maccabeats music rewrite for Candlelight.
And I will listen to Miracle because I freaking just love Matsus Yahoo anyway.
He's awesome.
Holy shit.
I didn't realize there were so many great artists on this.
They had Frankie Goes to Hollywood.
I didn't even fucking know he was on that.
That's pretty sweet.
Hans Zimmer.
I will have you know, I am getting lectured in a private message by Shane Alinko about
dissing Christmas music apparently, which I just did.
Shane Alinko, by the way, bought Skylanders on the PlayStation 4 this week just so he
could get his Christmas Skylanders character.
Just saying.
That boy is obsessed with Christmas.
I've just been ignoring all my villagers talking about Jingle.
You know, they just I'm writing down what presents they want for Toy Day.
You know, they they are selling that Skylander character separately in a couple of weeks,
by the way.
And Ikuma JP says, Oh, my God, in Japan, all Mariah Carey, all the way.
I hate shops that play that song.
Yes.
Kmart has been playing it on repeat.
And the only reason I'm going to Kmart is because it's right around the corner from
my freaking house.
And they were the only place that had long underwear.
There was another one by Boy George that that's a big favorite in Japan, too.
There's there is a Christmas trick I will listen to.
It was Pet Shop Boys all over the world.
Christmas.
Rob, you need to find that for me because I will listen to that one.
No, no more Christmas music.
What's next?
Um, kind of long email from AZHP.
I'll go ahead and read it.
He writes good stuff.
Hey, OLR crew, maybe I should like channel my mother and use the accent.
No, just read the email.
AZHP here.
I just listened to that bit at the top of this week's show where listener wrote in saying
you guys shouldn't be biased towards Sony or or against Xbox.
I think that's a lot of crap.
Anyone who has been listening to this show for any length of time knows you guys want
every console to succeed.
It would be great if every console launched issue free.
Um, had great games that you were dying to play and were controversy free.
But the problem is that's not the case.
And when passionate people like yourselves feel that a company you believed in isn't
delivering what you feel they're capable of, you respond passionately.
Loki has like four Xbox 360s.
He plays GTA 4 every day on one.
So why shouldn't he be upset that Microsoft borked the Xbox One launch?
It would be more surprising if he wasn't upset about it because he feels so passionately
about the company.
We hate because we love.
If we take it all back to the very beginnings of OLR, Konami practically could do no wrong
by us even if they never launched a better version of DDR in USA than Konami X on PS1
and DDR USA in the arcades.
That didn't stop you guys from rousing them for their disc DLC and DDR universe.
You guys imported Japanese PS2s to play DDR and 2DX.
That didn't stop you from saying that Kuraragi eats crayons for about two years after the
PS3 launched.
And let's not forget Nintendo.
As much as you guys love each Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, and Zelda game that comes out,
Nintendo's failure to understand online has always been a pain point that you go back
to again and again ever since the DS and Wii launched with friends codes and no usable
friends interface.
Hold on.
We, again, we hate because we love.
Everyone's a little bit biased, but we're biased because we know what we want in our
hearts, and when we get it, we're happy.
But when we don't get it, we're unhappy.
Thanks for reading my email.
As someone who has listened to this show on and off since its beginnings, I couldn't
sit by and watch someone leave the show just because you guys were, quote, biased.
Everyone's biased.
That's where our opinions come from.
Deal with it.
Yours truly is HP, OLR's premier gold star recipient.
Uh, thank you for remembering more than I do about the history of the show and some
of the things we said.
But my one little thing is that I think that the beginning of the email said something
like, well, I think that's crap or whatever, but let's not forget, you know, we got to
respect everybody's opinions or whatever.
And I would just hate for the person who is just trying to give honest feedback last week
to feel like, you know, like now everybody's picking on somebody for their opinion.
No, I know.
And I just want to make sure it's very clear their opinion.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Everybody's entitled to their opinion, period.
I just want to make that explicitly clear.
So thank you.
We can go to the next email now though.
All right.
Well, I'm asking permission if I can thank somebody on air.
Oh, okay.
Someone just did something super nice for me.
So go ahead and read this email.
Last week's opening was very thought provoking.
I don't think that OLR is centric to any specific console or platform.
I do think that many of the viewpoints we hear on OLR are representative of the core
gaming community, though not necessarily representative of the more ambiguous and
generic gaming umbrella.
The PS4 offers little to no change from what gamers have largely grown accustomed to.
It doesn't threaten the status quo and I think that it is very appealing to core gamers.
I can add to a large, I can to a large extent understand why the IR against Xbox ones is
so pervasive on gaming sites, forums, and podcasts.
Anecdotally, people who spend no time on these types of sites don't share a similar attitude.
By the way, this is written very well with great grammar, although I do miss the Oxford
comma.
As gamers, I find that our community often, and perhaps the internet in general, loves
to revel in negative news.
To that end, I can agree with the poster that it can be depressing to be inundated with
a wet blanket attitude even in the midst of a console launch.
A very rare and exciting time in my opinion.
I am not suggesting that we should ignore the negativity and also lay down a magical
rainbow while holding hands.
Dude, that sounds fun.
Only if there's sheet cake involved.
What I am saying is that we also sit back and smile once in a while with the amazing
choices we have as gamers on nearly every platform and at a variety of entry points
and simply marvel.
Every time I even think about getting bitter, my son reminds me how much he loves Mario
Cat, Super Mario 3D Land, and how he wants a Pokemon party for his next birthday and
I realize that gaming is still as great as we want it to be.
Hugs and kisses to OLR, Dark Charger.
This is an exciting time.
I agree with that in the email is that, you know, despite all the wars and disagreements
sometimes, this is a very exciting time to be a gamer.
If you think about it next year, just to put this in perspective, we're almost to 2014,
right?
Next year will mark the 12th year of Orange Lounge Radio, if you can believe it.
In the 12 years that we've been doing the show, you've had two consoles releasing in
the same month twice and one of them was this month or this past month, November.
The other time was when the PlayStation 3 and the Wii launched in the same month back
in 2006, which would have been like the second year of the podcast form of the show after
we made the switch from the DDR stuff.
So, I mean, it is an exciting time.
Moments like this don't come around very often.
And I think from E3, this whole conversation has been very charged.
What was very different about last time is that when it was Sony and Nintendo launching
in the same month, you know, everybody was hazing Sony because, oh, Sony's looking like
a bunch of crayon eaters right now.
And wow, Nintendo's kind of doing something different.
I mean, that was the mindset of the internet, quote unquote, back then.
Now, I mean, sure, you've got your Xbox and your Sony fanboys and Gran and Microsoft made
a lot of missteps at E3.
But what really was different this time was Sony calling them out.
That was a key difference.
And that's caused there to be a little more sting in this whole war.
I think you can trace that back to that very moment when Sony made the YouTube of how to
play used games on the PlayStation 4, where one dude handed the game to the other.
I mean, I know we're not quite to the point where we look at back on the biggest news
stories of the year, but I would say the release of that YouTube was the biggest news
story of 2013.
I'll probably end up saying that again at the end of the year was when Sony themselves
put out a video of how to trade a used game on the PlayStation 4, because that was just
that you didn't see that last gen, that kind of slapping, basically.
Anyhow, DarkSaga.
I am defending my love of Digimon 02.
Random.
But only the Japanese version.
I really liked that one.
The movies were great.
Anyway, this one comes from Ye Olde Reginator.
Hi, oh, you know, by the way, you know how that began the Ye Olde thing?
Typography.
There used to be a letter that they did not have a type for, and it looked very similar
to the Y, so they used that.
And that's why we have Ye Olde and not The Olde.
Let's get to Ye Olde next email.
Hi, OLR crew.
It's Reginator again.
I just thought I'd post some random questions this week.
One, I've noticed that as of the PS2 Xbox GameCube generation of consoles, unlike
previous generations, console generation stopped being referred to as being the insert
number here bit console or generation.
Why the drop in the practice?
It seems to me that the practice is a quick, easy, and easily understandable way to refer
to a generation of consoles, rather than going the long-winded route of saying something
like the 360 slash PS3 slash Wii generation.
Number two, with Steam's Winter Sale presumably starting within the next few days, what games
do the three of you think should be on everyone's radar and should be bought if it
goes on sale?
Well, there was a game on my list, but Codeman got it for me.
Oh.
So I'm going to be playing Skullgirls when I get home.
Oh, nice.
Lucky you.
That's great.
Lucky me.
Thank you.
Thank you.
He's a nice boy.
He is.
To be fair, I gave him a little gift on behalf of the show earlier this week.
So I'm glad to see he's paying it forward.
That's very kind.
What else was I going to say with that?
So what Steam games should Rage Nator be on the lookout for?
Is that basically the gist of what I'm hearing?
Well, what we are on the lookout for, I guess.
I'm probably going to get Final Fantasy 13 because it should be out by then.
On PC?
Yeah.
They were saying that there should be a PC release.
I didn't know they were doing a PC release.
I thought there was.
Are you sure?
I think I read it somewhere.
I think it would have been out by now if that was the case.
Okay, well then Dan's the one that told me about it, so.
What have I been keeping my eye on?
I ended up buying Stanley Parable was something I was going to get, and I did get that.
Gone Home I ended up getting.
Spelunky I ended up getting.
Like all the games I had on my watch list, I ended up getting this past sale.
If Final Fantasy 8 goes on sale, I will buy it for the sole purpose of giving it another chance,
especially with this thing that Loki was talking about where he can fix the magic system and only
have to draw once, even if it's cheating, quote unquote.
I think that's how I played through the game now that I think about it.
I'll probably get it too if it goes on sale.
Yeah, that's one I'd be looking forward to.
I don't know why I, you know what, I did look this up, and it wasn't 13,
but Dan had mentioned something to me, and I think I had it stuck in my head.
But I almost picked it up for Xbox, but.
I'm trying to, I'm actually loading up Steam right now to see if there's anything that
jumps out of my mind as like something I was waiting on to get.
Officially released Just Cause 2 multiplayer.
It's not on Steam, but Grand Theft Auto 5.
Hotline Miami is on sale right now, which I have and is fun.
I think I got that in an indie bundle.
I completely forgot for that for my gaming week.
I actually started playing Hotline Miami.
I forgot my gaming week.
Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed was free this weekend on Steam,
and I played that too because it was free.
Yeah.
So it's on sale right now too.
Honestly, Ragenator, I think everything I wanted, I really bought in this last sale.
I'm sure there will be more indie games that I see little screenshots of,
and I'll be like, Ooh, I want that.
Ooh, I want that.
There are a couple that appealed to me, but I think for right now,
like that Ringrunner one actually looked interesting.
But for right now, I still have the Shiva to play.
I have now I have Skullgirls to play.
I have Deadpool to play.
Yeah.
So you're probably never going to see me on Final Fantasy again,
because I don't know if there's shit to play.
But then patch 2.1 will hit and it'll be like, Ooh.
I need to just freaking get past level 31 so that I can do that stupid
quest that I'm stuck on, my Arkanis job quest.
Anyway, whatever.
Three, Final Fantasy VIII's recent release on Steam.
Yay, Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy VIII, meh.
Or Final Fantasy VIII, fuck that shit.
I think we just answered that question.
I don't, I mean, I realized there was a little bit of a Twitter debate
earlier this week that I got caught up in, and I kind of started it, so I deserve it.
But I don't despise Final Fantasy VIII by many means.
I just feel a few key flaws in that game really ruin the fun.
And so I don't remember it as fondly as the others, but it has a good story.
I mean, you know, it's, and it was especially considering you could have
made a game that was very similar to VII when VII did so well, but they didn't.
And they went a very different direction with the story.
And I do applaud them for that.
So I'm trying to be nice y'all, but it's, it's still the worst Final
Fantasy game next to 14, 1.0.
I'm sorry.
It's just how I feel.
Opinions.
I have them.
By the way, they did bring up the Tamagotchi and handheld Digimon.
They were both brought out by Bandai, which the Tamagotchi came out first.
Then Digimon came so that you could battle.
I had the little ones, the handheld LED, or not LED, but LCD Digimon battler things.
And then I was like, I think I remembered naming my, because I evolved to Devimon first.
And I remember calling him Satan Common.
That was his name.
And I was, thought I would name a dog that.
For, I'm thinking of establishing a weekly Vognite on Counter-Strike Global Offensive
on Steam.
I know that unlike TF2, it isn't free, but it will likely be on sale soon.
Would, would, would be, there are any takers?
It was actually just on sale recently and I did pick it up, because it means that I
have pretty much the entirety of the, the first party Valve pack.
I have literally everything they have ever released first party.
Mine is Left 4 Dead, one and two.
So nevermind.
This email is brought to you by Star Fox 64.
Do a barrel roll.
And last email, which by the way, we did have one from YYR, but I.
He said he'd call later.
I have paid attention to the chat.
Yes.
And I'm honoring the previous statement.
All right.
Live is better.
Hi, O.L.R. Crew.
I said hi.
Firstly, that's what it says here.
Firstly, thank you all for giving me a theme song.
Sky made a great choice with conga feeling, though I'm waiting for the day he screws
up and plays Miami Sound Machines conga by accident.
Wait, I got a better one.
I got an even better one.
Give it a minute.
Keep, keep going.
I'll play a theme song here at the end.
But enough about you guys.
I'm here to ask your pal Jason.
One, since Jason is now doing intros, is he being paid in peanuts or Oreos?
I did give him a candy cane.
He drinks some of our juice.
He's being paid in love and high fives.
I am being paid in involvement, which has been it's what it's legitimately wonderful
to do.
We said, Jason, if you'll help us out, we will give you what we get from doing the show.
We will match.
I get an equal share of what we get.
That's what he gets.
Okay, back to the email.
Has Jason introduced OLR to the Game Grumps web show?
I've heard of it.
I know of Game Grumps.
I know I have name dropped it and similar channels that I follow once or twice.
And I'm pretty sure I've even worn a shirt out here.
And not, not that I of course have any, I don't, I don't have any connection to any
of these other shows except as a fan, but I do have some ideas of things that I think
could be kind of pretty fantastic.
But we'll see if I can actually get in touch with people and make things happen.
Okay.
I'm like, I don't want to rip anything off.
Certainly.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Certainly like no, no promises to speak of, but I consume a hell of a lot of content and
you know, so many of these things take place in California anyway.
So it's a little bit more doable and not just something by Skype.
I have ideas.
Well, Hey, since we're on the topic, um, what video shows do you like other than Game Grumps?
Um, I like, I like Game Sack.
Another one of my sources for news, like the first couple of times I did the intro is that,
um, she goes by Dodger.
She has two different channels.
Uh, her gaming channel all the time is Press Heart to Continue.
And she does a news show on Saturday nights that I usually try to follow to take in more
content as well.
Uh, the Polaris Network, just in general, I drop in, see whatever videos catch my eye
and then, and then, you know, move on to something else.
Um, Game Grumps, uh, uh, uh, crap.
What's his name?
Gerard.
Uh, JK completes it.
Um, Markiplier.
I've been watching quite a, quite a lot of his stuff lately.
And I feel like, Oh, Continue show, um, does, uh, it not, not a let's play, not a review,
but Hey, let's play a game and publish a video of the Memorial moments.
30, 30 minutes or so of a game, uh, updates every Wednesday.
They've been there in, uh, Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, uh, and they're pretty fun to
watch too.
So most of the stuff I like are the review ones, like classic game room.
And, uh, I really like Game Sack.
They're a newer one and game theory.
I don't watch anything.
I don't, I really don't.
I actually, I actually do not watch review things.
I watch like active content things.
Every single person that I just named does plays a game and either voiceover afterwards
or running commentary while they're playing the game.
And I just want to clarify, like, I just, I support indie broadcasting and people, you
know, doing it, but it's just like, I'm too busy.
I like to do watch the stuff my friends do because a lot of my friends are doing live
streaming.
So I do a lot of that and I'm too busy producing, but to be honest, I think I honestly, I think
of my favorites right now.
I'd really have to go for game theory because I like the fact that it breaks apart and analyzes.
I did just catch that the other day because link dead one.
No, uh, uh, Mario, uh, Mario's affliction.
I can't remember the name, but basically the fact that he's actually kind of the antihero
in like the, the legitimate lore and everything in my universe.
So anyway, um, to go ahead and close up this email, since that was the last thing that's
it.
Have a good night.
The nasty canasta.
Oh, and here for nasty canasta.
This is Conga for BeatMania 2DX4 style by Good Cool.
Yeah, I told you I have something better.
This one's fun to play too.
Nasty canasta.
All right.
Anyhow.
Ha.
See, I'm not the only one that likes game theory.
I tried it one time while back to mix conga and conga feeling together.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
I miss your remixes, Loki.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
Yes.
Oh, well then there you go.
Mailbag at orangelauntrader.com.
Now he's busy with genetic mixes.
Is the place to mailbag at orangelauntrader.com is the place to send emails.
That would be fantastic.
In the meantime, let's get to the FUs of the week because, you know, we're angsty
some of the time.
A lot of the time.
All the time.
So I have to do a little bit of a story and then, um, I will say a big FU to this jerkface.
I was going to target and some people on my Facebook and Tumblr know about this.
So I was going to target and there's this big guy just smoking in front of the door,
blocking the path.
And I was like, eh.
So I tried to walk around him and he kept putting himself in my way.
So I just scooted on around cause I'm shorter and faster.
And he tried to grab my arm going into the target.
And I mean, this guy's bigger than Dan.
I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm about to go off.
So finish your story.
Well, and he speaks in this whiskey voice, you know, the whiskey chain smoker voice.
And then, so he tries to grab my arm and I pulled back and I said, I meant to say Neanderthal
and I called him Neolithic, but I said, don't touch me, you Neolithic sack of shit.
Because I was by that point angry because someone trying to grab me is illegal.
Apart from that, it's something that sets me off immediately.
Who, who does that?
This is not high school.
This is not a bully.
This is an adult.
You don't grab somebody at random outside of target.
To quote my friend who I discussed this with, she's like, he's the type of person who thinks
that women are property.
It's, it's, it's disgusting.
So just going into this, basically what happens that by the time I got inside the building,
after I said this to him, I just kept dashing back on into the building.
He is going to get maced and good.
He is going to, he's going to grab the wrong person and he is going to be maced.
Well, I'm going to tell you just knowing the way that I react to things.
Had he touched me, I probably would have completely lost my shit because I, without going into
too much detail about my own past, I have lost my shit before when someone grabbed me
and it didn't end pretty anyway.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't loop the FU is okay.
So, so I was too busy being, and I'm short enough and he's tall enough that if I had,
I punched him.
I would have punched him in the deck.
So anyway, so I, I scooted inside target and he's yelling after me.
Come back here, midget.
But that's all he could say.
And I was like, and it just, I, cause I was so angry and so worked up.
I would have called the police.
Actually, if I had been with you, I, Oh, it would have gone down as a target parking lot.
Well, I, let's put it this way.
I was, I was so worked up and so angry and so fucking close to a full-blown meltdown
that I let it out the only way I could think of, which was hysterical laughter.
Just laughing my ass off.
And this guy outside of here, he goes, man, she's laughing at you.
And he's like, come back here midget are you laughing at me?
I was like, that's better is almost better than the physical punching in the deck because
I publicly, you know, humiliated him.
And that was pretty funny too.
So, um, so, and thank you, Alan.
I love you.
You said, um, it's because dark soccer had the ball to be a woman in public.
So basically once I calmed down and had a fun conversation with the lady in the sock department
and you know how she's like, yeah, I saw him out there.
I tried to teach my son never to be like that.
And I was like, bless you.
You know, and they ended up escorting the guys off the property.
And I think they did the cops, but I stayed inside the Walmart, not Walmart, the target
for a solid hour.
And you know, what was even worse about that is that the Hanukkah stuff wasn't on sale yet.
So anyway, so I just ended up just wandering around and looking at stuff and looking at
toys and playing on the internet on my phone and finally left.
And though I have to say that leaving the place is like that sort of, there's like a
layer of calm that comes when you're in that heightened state where you observe everything
and nothing escapes attention.
I've gotten in my car and the freak out started happening.
And by the time I got home, I was in full blown freak out mode.
I could barely say anything to anybody.
And even the cat wouldn't come near me.
And when Dan came home, I just lost my shit.
So, but in that situation, no, fuck him and fuck every man like him in the universe.
This is why we need feminism.
Moving on Loki.
All right.
Well, I only have one.
That's the fact I have to get my wisdom teeth out.
Damn it.
I thought I was determined to be wise.
I don't really have a lot to F you.
So F you to my snacking habit is out of control.
Do you like your candy cane?
I did.
I ate the whole damn thing because I have a habit.
I love food.
Jason, I had one sometime this week, but I had a really good week.
I'm not angsty.
F you to Jason for not having angst.
All right.
Uh, just a couple of just a couple more stories for you guys before we get to the Skype line
at one eight seven seven game OLR or our username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
Let's try to run through these quick.
All right.
So Tari, maybe on the back or coming back, uh, they have finally, um, received court
approval to come out of bankruptcy.
Um, they, I guess they have a payment plan now that involves a payback at 3.8 million
owned to the bankruptcy lender.
And, uh, once they have that and they're operating on their own, they can start paying, I guess,
1.75 million to, um, you know, different creditors over the course of three years.
And, uh, apparently that's a small portion of the over 10 million that they're owned.
Um, but Hey, that'd be good.
Cause, uh, at least it's not a studio, another studio going under.
Maybe they'll make another aluminum, the dark game.
Oh, it's a this crap.
All right.
Uh, well, good luck to Atari.
All right.
Uh, one other story for you guys.
And as I promised, we would do a story about pornography.
And, uh, this is a story from a website that really needs to consider their ad model because
it's just annoying.
And, uh, this is why people get ad blockers destructoid.
But anyway, destructoid ran this story about, uh, what Pornhub, uh, had to say about, uh,
pornography on the various consoles that are out there.
And a destructoid actually called Pornhub or emailed or whatever people do to talk to
each other.
And, uh, the Pornhub vice president, Corey Price, I don't know what he's vice president
of, I guess just porn.
Uh, so the vice president of porn said, quote, Pornhub is targeting consoles for website
support because that is where some of our users today prefer to access our site.
And our aim is to offer a great user experience across all platforms.
Now, the stuff you really want to know, where are people watching their pornography?
Because you know, the PS3, the PS4, the Wii, the 360, they all can, you know, have the
internet and therefore you can get porn on it.
Um, yes, a Nintendo console, the Wii can get porn.
Um, anyhow, so the majority of porn, Pornhub traffic comes from the PlayStation 3.
55% of pornography comes from the PlayStation 3.
Uh, the Xbox 360 accounts for 39% and the Wii, as this website calls it, a limp
6%.
That's just because have you tried internet on the land?
It's awful.
So true.
And technically though, it does work though.
What?
The internet on the way to bring up porn.
It does.
I remember.
We've done that.
Yes.
It was research purposes, of course.
Anyway, so congratulations PlayStation 3.
You are the Kings and Queens of pornography.
Yay.
Let's go to the phones at one eight seven seven game.
Or a username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Hello.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Am I now?
This is Y Y R.
Hi, you're on.
Greetings and salutations.
And I love your shirt.
This is video.
We're getting a video call.
Are you seeing this?
Did you see it zoom in?
Yeah, like zoom.
This is an Xbox call, isn't it?
Yes, this is I'm calling you for my Xbox one.
And now let me show you basically either one of the coolest or most creepy things that
the Xbox one will do as you say, God is following you.
Yes, it is following me.
It will follow you around the room.
It will basically like, if you walk out of view, it's going to be like confused.
Oh God, where did he go?
Oh my God.
It's how clean that mess up off your table.
It's going to zoom in on my face.
Sorry.
That's all right.
Give me some wheat thins, bro.
You cannot have my wheat thins.
All right.
Well, congratulations.
Why?
Why are you are the first, uh, Xbox one caller to the call to the show.
So can I, can I troll you?
I'm sorry.
You have to see my messy living room.
I was actually thinking about cleaning it up or this call, but that's all right.
Wait, wait.
Can I try something real quick?
Why do I try something real quick?
Okay, hold on.
Xbox power down.
No, by the way, it's not power down.
Oh, it's turn off now.
Xbox turn off.
Don't listen to rob Xbox.
He'll deceive you every time.
He'll lead you astray.
All right.
No, it's interesting.
I actually have a feeling that it somehow can differentiate between voices in the room
and voices from the speaker because my girlfriend already tried this and it didn't work out
all that well.
Didn't work out.
So you're, uh, making Xbox one video calls to your girlfriend, huh?
Uh, yes, actually what's interesting.
Um, I was cleaning up my place for the last two days and listening to the last two weeks
worth of OLR.
And I see you mentioned that you're in San Francisco a lot.
Well, guess where she lives?
San Francisco.
So, uh, we may, depending on what happens, we may need to make some plans to, you know,
me chill out because she's actually listening right now.
So she'll know who you are.
Do you, oh, well, howdy.
Where, where, when are you coming to San Francisco?
Cause, cause our, our buddy Jason is in San Francisco for the holidays.
Oh, well, I mean, I'm going to visit her for a few days on the 19th, but I'm not sticking
around for very long.
Cause I'm, I basically used up all of my vacation this year.
Nope.
Well, uh, look, look up VX chase next week.
Cause he's in us.
He's said Seattle.
What the hell?
He's in San Francisco right now.
Keep in touch anyways.
Let's see if we can work something out.
There you go.
That's cool.
So I'm listening to OLR over the weekend and by the way, um, how's the audio?
Is it coming through?
Okay.
It's good.
You can tell that your, your microphone, like you're not talking into a microphone that
it's like a room microphone that has a big gate, but it's, it's fine.
It's, it's good enough.
Okay.
So I shouldn't try plugging this in.
I'd be curious just to see what the quality difference is.
Okay.
Well, you know what?
I'll plug in my, uh, a little mic here.
He's plugging in a little microservices.
Is there still a radio show?
We might all be looking at video, but I know the podcast listeners can't see it.
Okay.
Uh, can you hear me now?
Oh, that sounds okay.
That sounds like a normal call now.
Yeah.
I think I lost you.
No, we're here.
Hi, still there.
Yes.
You sound great.
So talk.
God damn it.
And this become old can't became a one week.
Oh my God.
Yeah, that's too bad because he sounds better on that thing.
I had to suppress the urge to reach out my hand and say, turn the volume up in sign language,
but we don't have a camera.
We don't have a cam in here.
Maybe I need to go get one.
What are you?
He's pressing buttons and I see the lights in his room, like fluctuating, like he's
running through different screens.
All right.
Well, I just thought plugged it.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah.
We could actually hear you before and you sounded great.
Yeah.
Huh?
Now he can't hear us at all.
You lost it entirely.
This is exciting.
Why?
Uh, maybe.
Oh, you don't know what else?
Let's see.
Okay.
He hung up.
Xbox one y'all wave of the future.
He's calling back.
Okay.
He's calling back right now.
Well, I would have to say that was absolutely a success.
We can hear you fine that whole time.
Just so you know.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Yeah.
Because the, yeah, I absolutely stopped hearing you.
I tried unplugging the mic and I still couldn't hear you.
So yeah, that didn't work out so well.
Just $4.99 at your local Walmart or Target.
$499 US dollars.
All right.
What else is on your mind?
You send an email to the show, right?
Yeah.
Basically after listening, you know, I'm listening to a six, seven hours worth of
and of course there were a few times when I'm just like, oh, I wish I was in chat so I
could respond to things.
But there were three things in particular that I wanted to bring up.
The subject of the discontinuation of spot pass service for swap note was brought up
at least four separate times.
Okay.
And I wanted to throw in my two cents on that.
And because at first I thought also, why, why did they do that?
Why couldn't they just drop the photo feature and leave the rest of it intact?
But I thought about it for a while and then I understood this had to be done because swap
note, unfortunately put kids and teens in touch with people who could, you know, take
their pictures and do bad things with them.
And if they had just dropped the photo feature, it would have left these kids and teens with
a way to communicate with their potential abusers.
At which point the potential abusers could just say, oh, well now send your pictures
to this email address or send your pictures to this phone or things like that.
It could have gone from there by completely pulling the plug that, you know, kills that
idea.
It stops it.
My biggest problem though, YYR is that, that why are kids, how come the kids are talking
to these people unsupervised in the first place?
Like, you know, if, if a parent is concerned about it, why is, why is swap note even being
downloaded in the first place?
I think if the parents were more involved, then you wouldn't have this happen.
And it, this isn't something that's, I mean, this is horrible and we do need to stop predators
from predating on children.
But disabled, disabling swap note is not going to do that because there's always email, there's
always the internet and other forms.
They found each other somehow.
So I just kind of feel like, you know, well, why, I don't understand.
So it strikes me as a parent.
You are absolutely preaching to the choir.
I completely agree with you that parents need to be more hands on about what their kids
and teens are doing.
But for the moments that they're not, you know, Nintendo being as family friendly as
they want to be, that is what they chose to do.
And I, I understand it.
It sucks, but I can understand that decision because they needed to cut off the, you know,
the contact between these two parties.
It just, it just also further goes to show why we're never going to have video play on
the virtual console.
And I just think that's the wrong direction for Nintendo in general.
It just, it sucks for the rest of us.
And I, yeah, it does.
But you know what?
I think that just comes with the territory.
I was, you know, gaming on a Nintendo platform.
We're just going to have to do those things on other platforms.
Well, I think Nintendo's other thing too is that just because a parent should do something,
they know not all parents will do something.
So it keeps their reputation safe.
They have their brand to look after.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So the, anyway, the second thing I wanted to bring up was Forza 5 microtransactions.
You know, it seems like you guys don't think it's a really big deal, but I'm going to give
you three reasons why folks are up in arms about it.
Number one, in older Forza games, by playing through the game and completing the challenges
or whatever, occasionally you would get cars for free.
Hey, you cleared this thing, you get this car.
They don't do that anymore in 5.
You cannot earn cars by any means except buying them with credits or tokens, except for the
very first car you get when you start the game, because how can you drive without one?
So it's not like what we were just saying about Gran Turismo 6, where you just unlock
them through the course of the story.
Anyway, I had the impression that these two games are in very similar boats.
You have to buy all of the cars now.
At least that's what I've read online.
I just started playing the game myself.
I haven't really gotten to, you know, a point where I would want to buy another car yet.
But from what I've been reading in Amazon reviews and Game Facts posts and other places,
there are no free cars anymore except the one you get at the start.
You have to buy everything.
Now, ready for your mind to be blown?
This is how DLC cars work.
This is item number two.
You pay real money for the DLC, yes?
When you do this, this adds the cars to the game, but you cannot actually drive the cars
until you buy them from the in-game shop.
And if you don't have enough credits to do that, you get to open your wallet again and
essentially pay twice to use these cars.
Huh.
Yep.
I'm waiting.
I'm really hoping somebody in the chat room here is going to jump in and say you're wrong.
Like, no offense, but I just-
I would hope so too.
That would be great.
I hope someone tells me that.
Our buddy Bobby Blackwolf went to bed, and I know he's been playing the game, so-
He said the exact same thing, though, on his show.
Really?
I want to say, yeah.
Well, you know, here's the thing.
Number three item, which basically makes one and two worse, is credits are earned slower
in the game than they were in Forza 4, so-
I will give this little thing, and that is that, okay, well, there's a lot of DLC that
you download that you can't really play until you get to a certain point in the game, but
I don't know, something just seems really, really tacky about it.
Super tacky.
DKBeast in chat at live.vognetware.com says he's not wrong.
Wow.
Yeah, I was really hoping I would be, but no.
And the developer has responded.
Basically what happened was if someone bought, like, one of the most expensive cars early
on, they give you a free other car.
If not, they give you that car for free, but in order to get in on this, you had to buy
the game at launch and join their, like, Forza rewards program or whatever.
I don't know what that is.
Wow.
So it's a mess, and I really don't like this whole-
you bought a $60 game, now we'll throw free-to-play type elements into it.
It's something I hope doesn't last too long.
I really hope so.
I hope people reject that.
Anyway, you said you had one more thing?
The last point I wanted to make, on the subject of Loki being too harsh towards the new consoles,
no, I don't agree.
I don't think he was overly harsh at all.
The fact of the matter is, the games aren't there yet.
I mean, I bought the next one because I want to be one of the first, you know,
developers who didn't get into the early program to put games on the system.
You know, I didn't buy it because I had to have it.
The game I've most been looking forward to playing is Peggle 2, and that comes out tomorrow.
Good choice.
I got Forza 5, I got Dead Rising 3, they've mostly been sitting there.
So it's like, you know, the Skype thing is cool.
The TV features are neat, but I don't use most of them.
I just, you know, it's cool to be able to say, okay, watch CNN or watch Comedy Central
or whatever, and the Xbox One will push the buttons on your cable box for you.
And again, this call coming from an Xbox One.
It's cute, you know, it's nice, but it's not a have-to-have kind of thing.
There's no real reason, in my opinion, to own one of these boxes right now.
Wow.
And there's no real reason to own a PS4.
Not yet.
The games aren't there yet.
Not yet.
All right.
YYR, this has been a fantastic call.
I love this.
I got to let you go so we can get some more calls.
But thank you for demoing.
One quick thing, actually, yeah, really quick.
The last thing from PastoLR, Jamie said, Jamie pointed out that our society, our government,
and our healthcare systems don't give enough attention to mental health.
Probably the truest statement that ever was.
This needs to be dealt with.
It needs to be looked into.
It needs to be focused on.
It's really important.
I agree with that.
Absolutely.
All right.
YYR, thank you so much for binge listening to OLR and then calling us from your Xbox
One.
I appreciate it.
And he was very well prepared.
Too much is never enough.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
Always a pleasure to hear from him.
And that was a lot of fun to go to the Xbox One for the calls.
But whoa.
What the fuck was that?
Are we dialed into AOL?
Did somebody here-
Are we connected to a BBS?
Did somebody just-
Did we just call a fax machine?
Was that a fax machine that was calling us?
By the way, Rob, you know what's actually super funny?
Is that Tiara just beat Mass Effect 2.
Yeah.
And she romanced Garrus.
1877-
Definitely sister after my own heart.
1877 Game OLR or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
But the phone is still ringing off the hook.
Let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Second.
Trying to fix my- can you hear me?
Yes, we can hear you.
Hi.
I had to fix my iPhone.
Anyway, I just wanted to call real quickly about Danny Wells.
Yeah.
This guy's Judo, right?
Yeah.
Guy Judo.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
All right.
Yeah.
What I just wanted to mention was I didn't know him as Mario.
I knew him as the bartender on the Jeffersons.
That's where he's mostly known for me.
Oh, my God.
That's right.
He was, wasn't he?
Yeah.
He was Charlie on the Jeffersons for years.
So that's really where his notoriety comes from, you know?
So many talented people on that show are deceased.
You know, I mean, is anybody from that show?
I mean, I know we lost Sherman Helmsley.
We lost Roxy Roker a long time ago.
I mean, there's so many people from that show that aren't around anymore.
I think Bentley might still be alive.
I think Florence is still alive, too.
Oh, yeah.
Florence is alive, but I think family's alive, too.
Not sure.
But yeah, that's where I knew him from.
And I was looking him up on IMDB.
I didn't even know that.
This is another video game related thing.
He did some voice acting for one of the Splinter Cell games.
So he's been connected with video games.
That's really cool.
Well, I like that you're recognizing him for things that
aren't just Luigi.
I mean, obviously, our community remembers him for that an awful lot.
But that's great.
That's some awesome little, like, trivia type stuff.
That's cool.
Yeah.
If you grew up in the 80s, I mean, you know that guy's face.
I mean, he's been like an extra on so many television shows.
He's always playing, like, some kind of slimy, carn-artist type of guy.
He just has one of those faces.
Well, plus, you know, I mentioned earlier in the show,
I binged on game shows a lot when I was a kid.
And what came on after game show binges?
The Jeffersons.
Moving on.
Freaking love that show.
Yeah, that show is great.
A spin-off of All in the Family.
Never realized that till years later.
Yeah, we could talk about TV for hours.
But yeah, All in the Family, we had so many freaking spin-offs.
You can even count Good Times as a spin-off from All in the Family.
That's true.
Because the mother came from Maud, which was a spin-off of the All in the Family.
All right, we need to write all this down for Dark Sakura's future I'm a Nerd in 30 show.
You're gonna have an episode all about connections to All in the Family.
And one last thing.
When you guys mentioned the game show that let you run around and, like, pick video games.
I thought, at first, I thought you met this other game show that I love called,
it was like, it was a take-off of the new League of Legends game.
It was called I'm Telling.
We had, like, a brother and sister.
I remember that show.
That show is great.
Yes, that was great.
And they had a similar thing where they will let you run through a maze and, like,
you hit, like, this little siren thing to try to match with your brother or sister pick.
Then you would get all the prizes.
That was just cool.
I so remember that.
And, like, because I was virtually, I mean, I do have a brother and a sister,
but they're 14 and 16 years older than me.
So I was kind of like an only child growing up.
And I always was like, I want somebody to go on this show with.
But, you know, it was never going to happen.
Yeah, they should have done a Friends edition.
That would have been, that would have worked.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's all I got for you.
Kaijuto, thanks for the walk down memory lane.
Appreciate it.
Have a good one.
All right.
You too.
All right.
Bye.
Great tribute to Danny Wells.
What about the other things Danny Wells did?
Those are great.
I love that.
You know Dark Soccer, 1877 Game OLR or username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
You know, Dark Soccer, if you were to do a show like that,
like the nerd stuff and I'm 30 or whatever,
I could see in the theme song for you.
Those were the days.
Answer the phone.
We don't like my singing.
1877 Game OLR.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is the one and only Ron McCalling from Brooklyn.
Hi, Rama.
And you're on webcam too.
Are you calling us from your Xbox One?
Yeah, I'm calling from pre-Xbox One.
It's called having Skype next to your Xbox 360
and chatting that way because it's a lot more fun
and you can shit talk that way without having Microsoft
kind of breathing down your throat.
So you're calling us from an Xbox Vision camera?
Actually, no.
I'm calling from my awesome Logitech camera.
Awesome.
Well, I noticed you got your Luigi hat on
and you got your Luigi coffee cup.
You have a Luigi coffee cup?
That's awesome.
Got it from Nintendo World.
They also have a Happy Holidays Christmas mug as well.
You're in your Luigi shirt.
I see a Luigi shirt that says...
What does that say?
It's mirror imaged for me.
It says the L...
The L does not stand for loser.
So you are in full black Luigi mode tonight.
Yeah, something like that.
A friend of mine does a webcomic called Sucks to be Weegee
and it's pretty funny.
And somewhere around here I have a...
Oh, here it is.
I also picked this up from my soon to be tree.
A Luigi ornament that says Happy Holidays.
That's adorable.
Now, I got some stuff we gotta talk about.
So Rob, get the coffee on.
We got some talking to do.
All right.
I'll get out the cheesecake.
Oh, fabulous.
Fabulous.
Tell me about that one time in St. Olaf.
Rob, you are something else.
I know.
I get that a lot.
No, really.
What's up?
To back what Kaijido said, that's what I knew Danny Wells from
because when the show first came on, I spotted Luigi before I noticed Mario was
done by Captain Lou Albano, okay?
So that whole thing kind of comes full circle to me.
Yeah.
Oh.
Also, I like to say, fuck yes to Square One TV.
That show got me to run home to watch it, okay?
Me too.
Got out of school at 3.10, I was there watching Thundercat to 3.30, Square One TV at 4.
I think Square One was on for us at like three.
Like I had to get home fast if I wanted to see it because, you know, elementary school,
you get out a little earlier.
PBS affiliates don't have a set schedule.
It differs from every single market.
Yeah, I think for us it was on at three, but I think it was timed for like when elementary
kids get out of school, so it makes sense.
Yeah, and if I missed it on one PBS station, I could catch it.
On another PBS station, like an hour or a half hour later.
You have more than one?
He's New York City, dude.
Yeah, we have PBS 13, there's Channel 21, there's 25.
There's like 50 PBSes.
Never heard of this before.
There's a network that we get to Channel 50.
Well, we get a few of them.
We've got Channel 6, take it or leave it.
And the minute you have your antenna, you can pick up stations from Connecticut.
Oh, that's right, because there's a PBS 9 in Reading.
Anyway, cool story, bro.
Let's talk about TV channels in your neck of the woods.
No, no, let's not, let's not.
And what I just realized, with Nintendo rehashing all of these video games,
Nintendo is becoming that old celebrity is trying to relive their prime with another greatest hits.
That's what it's like this time.
You know, it's like you first have Donkey Kong Country in,
Donkey Kong Country Returns, Donkey Kong Country comes back again.
I think the next one's going to be Donkey Kong Country comes out of retirement.
The only difference is maybe extra level or redone music or something like that.
Donkey Kong is getting up there in age.
Yeah, how about Donkey Kong gets out of retirement home?
Are you looking forward to the new Donkey Kong Country game or are you over it?
I'm over it.
Like I said, I'm only picking up a Wii U once, Bayonetta 2,
and Mario Kart 8 comes out.
Other than that, it can wait.
Mario Kart 8 is what, April?
Yeah.
I don't think they really have a date yet for it, but I think it was around April.
Yeah, April or Mayesh.
I am living for Mario Kart 8.
It better deliver.
Yeah, even if it gets delayed, I'm like, I can wait.
Yeah, if it's a great Mario Kart game, it'll be worth the wait.
Yes.
A couple of things.
I think last week, a week prior, I talked about podcasting and the Sound Blaster card and stuff.
Any desktop PC off the shelf can do the same thing.
You have to go into the settings and enable it.
You can do it.
Oh, for some reason,
my studio computer doesn't do it so well.
And I just want to point out, just for our listeners,
Rama's call quality is dropping significantly,
so that's why his voice kind of changed a little bit.
I don't know what's going on.
He might need to stop his porn torrents or...
No, I just...
Sometimes, with all the 50 PBSs transmitting signals in New York City,
sometimes the signal gets a little clogged.
I'm not sure if you're following porn by PBS.
Never mind.
Well, I think you're right.
It is my porn torrents.
Finally, finally, somebody fesses that fuck up on this show.
Yes, Robin, it was my porn torrents.
Thank you.
You're an honest man.
I abuse my files connection.
I get 66 megs coming down, 33 megs going up.
All right, Rama, a quick last thought to get out here before we let you go.
Yes.
Okay, my last thought is this.
If you want to play classic Nintendo cartridges on your Wii U,
turn your Wii U on, push start A, and a spot will pop up for classic cartridges.
Okay, go post that to 4chan and see if somebody believes you.
All right, Rama, it's getting very crackly and stuff, so I really have to let you go.
But thanks so much for the call, and have a good one, okay?
All right, bye.
Rama, anime jam session on Tuesday nights, everybody, here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
We can probably squeeze in one more call.
There's a little ad on my Skype right now.
I just want to point out, talk to friends while watching live TV with Skype on Xbox One.
No.
There's no box for me to respond, so.
All right, 1877 Game O-L-R or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
I do want to see if I can at least get to some of these Twitter topics,
because we had some good Twitter topics come in,
and we're falling a little behind here on the show.
Loki, did you have any last minute stories?
Uh, no.
No, okay.
Um, let's see.
Surtur wanted to ask, he hopes that Bobby and us talk about Grand Tourism.
Grand Tourismo 6 tonight.
You know what, Dan, we got it, and Dan's been playing the crap out of it.
He really liked it, and then he actually watched football,
which made me wonder who replaced my husband.
Dan doesn't usually watch football?
He does sometimes, but usually with other people.
He was in there watching it by himself.
I'm like, where's my husband?
Who are you?
Uh, Spazinator tweets us and asks,
Loki, quadruple cheese and quadruple bacon pizza,
or quadruple bacon double cheeseburger?
I can answer that.
Pizza.
No, because that much cheese on the pizza is actually not very good,
and even extra cheese on the pizza is not very good.
And when you do quadruple cheese, trust me, I've seen it before.
It's just, it's not as good as you'd think, because it's too much.
That's a lot of grease you're adding on there,
and it just, it throws off the magic ratio.
Adding tons of bacon though, go right ahead.
You're taking that question way too seriously.
I know.
All right.
How do you think he didn't take it far enough, to be honest?
1877 Game O-L-R, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
I wonder if that was on our end,
because we were getting more calls a minute ago,
and now nothing is lighting up, sad face.
Okay, let's see.
ActDeft tweeted us,
there's more info surrounding the legend of Sonic 3's soundtrack.
I wonder if this ties into the whole Michael Jackson thing,
because wasn't there a, wasn't there like a,
somebody ran a whole thing on that.
He didn't like,
Jackson didn't like the limitations of the sound chip,
didn't like the way the,
he didn't like the results of the soundtrack,
so they still kept some of the inspiration,
but ultimately he wasn't credited and specifically involved.
Okay, apparently though,
this actually doesn't have to do with the game trailers thing.
Apparently, and this is the story that ActDeft leaked us,
just to kind of try to cover this quickly,
Fever, it's Fervor, Fervor Records on YouTube,
posted some unreleased music tracks from the band the Jetsons,
not the Jetsons, but the Jetsons.
Clever.
And one track called Hard Times was somewhat like the theme of Ice Cap Zone.
Well, why does that fucking matter?
Because the keyboardist of the group, who is Brad Buxer,
worked on the title along with Michael Jackson,
which he said in an interview.
He's not sure what material the developers used in the game,
but I guess it was remnants of that unreleased song,
so you know what?
Michael Jackson had something to do with it.
And because Michael Jackson is such a perfectionist,
I would fully believe that he just didn't like the way it was turning out.
So he walked away from it easily.
Easily.
I think that's the simple, simple story we have there.
Let me get to the calls real quick here.
We got one more call coming in.
This will probably be up for tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, Zaku, we haven't heard from you in a while.
What's up, buddy?
Oh, not that much.
Just trying to chill on my night off.
Well, somebody turned out the lights,
but we're getting a lot of video calls tonight.
I like this.
So what's up, buddy?
No, I'm just trying to clean up Steam right now.
Managed to get like a second hard drive.
Well, actually two of them set up in raid,
but the idea is I'm gonna start moving my Steam games towards that one
and then actually downloading whatever else I don't have,
whatever else is in my backlog right now.
You look like you woke up at six in the morning to call this program.
I'm just like getting ready to go to bed.
It's all good.
It's all good.
Just don't mind the sore throat and congestion.
So what are you playing on Steam then?
What's your big Steam games of choice
that you got to move everything around to make space and stuff?
Well, I'm just trying to get stuff like the orange box,
all the other, you know, the other Half-Life games.
I just like, I guess I lost track and never actually got around to downloading it.
And then, you know, stuff like the two, you know,
the first two Mass Effect that I have and Sleeping Dogs.
I don't know if I want to do GTA 4 because I'm still on five, obviously.
And I still have Arkham Asylum and Arkham City that I still have to like fire up.
Everybody's got a backlog the size of 50 PBS stations
that they have to work their way through this holiday season.
Thank gosh, there's no more games coming out right now.
But what, what, what can, what can the listeners of our show
or what can we help you with tonight, Zaku?
Um, I, I guess, have you noticed, like, um,
I don't know if you covered this already, but remember that fighting game Skullgirls?
Yes.
Yeah, I get to play that tonight.
Um, apparently in two weeks,
their publisher Konami is pulling their games from the PSN and Xbox Live.
I caught you.
You did wake up just to call this show because we did talk about that about an hour ago.
So yes, we touched on some of the basics of that, but what, what are your thoughts with that?
I don't know.
I mean, this is this, this typical behavior of them.
I mean, if it's not, if it's them, like, you know, screwing over
itg or basically not giving shit about the money series,
it's them screwing over independent developers.
Well, hold on though, because I mean, and granted, I'm not going to be,
I'm not going to claim to be up and up on Skullgirls and everything that's going on,
but my understanding from what I'm reading is that they had an agreement.
The agreement is ending as of such and such date.
So Konami says, well, if we're not going to be making
money from this anymore than Yank, it's getting pulled.
But they didn't even, they didn't even, uh,
it didn't even inform their, their actual, uh, their developers.
They did not like, they did it behind their back.
Obviously they probably knew, they probably knew about the, the end of the agreement,
but they didn't even give them a heads up so they can plan a transition.
That's bad.
That's like bad business practice.
Like it's very unprofessional of them, especially if you're in a contract with a particular,
with another company that you're working with and you don't have the wherewithal to, you know,
provide for a smooth transition for all the other customers, all the other customers using it.
Let me, let me ask you this because, you know, what, what would be the best way to kind of
give that message to Konami that you're not happy with what they did?
Because obviously the answer is not boycotting Skullgirls because, you know,
you want to support that game, so that's not the answer.
And I don't think boycotting all Konami products is really a realistic answer.
Yeah, there's not, there's not enough stuff coming out.
So if, if gamers are really pissed off about this, Zaku, like you are,
what do you think is the best way we can express that to Konami and make them listen?
Stop buying their iOS and Android games.
Cause that's where all their business is now.
They basically, I mean, Babani's gone mobile at this point.
I don't, other than like niche pockets in arcades and certain parts of the country,
if not the world, everything else is just them microtransactioning all their, their,
their IPs, their music, rhythm based IPs.
That's pretty much it.
Well, yeah, that's been the state of Mamani for a few years now,
which is sad and depressing, but other people-
The principle of a work, you know, an independent, you know, an indie dev trying to, you know,
find a publisher, give them the light of day, but then at the, you know, the other hand,
they're actually, you know, they're actually doing not being, you know,
not giving them the professionalism that they gave them during the whole process.
As I said, it's, it's what, it's really what happens when you try to work with another,
with other clients and those clients in particular,
don't want to give you everything necessary to achieve business goals.
Well, I'd be curious to see if Konami does end up having to respond to this at all,
but I don't know, I just kind of have this weird feeling that-
They probably-
They probably won't and gamers will support Skullgirls on PC later on and then that's,
that's that.
But Zaku-
I guess what they're trying to do right now is they're trying to find another publisher or
trying to, well, right now in the short term, they're trying to get another build in,
they're trying to get an update in just to keep the game alive, per se.
But in, in terms of, yeah, they're done with Konami at this point, but they just need to,
they just need to, you know, be more, they need to do a little bit more due diligence
on their actual, on their future publisher.
All right, Zaku, I've got to, I've got to wrap this up.
We've got to go because we're running way late, but you know what?
I, I'd be, I'd be curious to see what the response is on a greater scale to this because
obviously there's a lot of people that are pretty unhappy about this.
But, uh, I don't know.
I just, I just don't know if it's going to be enough to make waves, but we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
All right.
Zaku, take care, buddy.
Thanks for the call.
Have a good one.
All right.
Sleep well.
Bye.
Vitamin C.
You look like you have a cold.
All right.
One, uh, no, no more phone numbers.
Sorry, guys.
Sorry to those that didn't get through, but, uh, we're running along tonight, so we've
got to wrap it on up, but please, uh, you can always email us your thoughts.
Mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com.
I had one other Twitter topic I wanted to hit on and, and we didn't have last minute
stories, right?
S2 100 Matt tweeted us.
This is sports ball related, but someone took the Alabama versus Auburn unbelievable final
final play and remade it in Tecmo bowl.
So, okay.
I have to watch that.
And then somebody put this in a way that would make Jamie and I care is really the news I'm
hearing.
And then I have to show it to my mother.
My mom was reporting for Alabama bowl is great.
All right.
Uh, we got to wrap it up.
We are like, so done because, uh, this is almost a four hour show tonight and it's,
it's not even a marathon show, but thank you guys for staying with us tonight.
The whole way through really appreciate it.
You know, we always say here at orange launch radio, if you like the show, all we ask, tell
a friend or five or 15 or 50 about the show, help us spread the word about orange launch
radio.
We really appreciate it.
Uh, leave us a nice word or a nice review wherever you found this show.
Maybe that was iTunes podcast.
Stitcher radio, uh, has been doing great for us lately.
And we really want to thank the folks at Stitcher.
I don't know if you guys know this, but we broke the top 15 game shows this past week.
That, that blows my, blows my mind and that's really because of you guys out there listening
and supporting the show.
So I really appreciate it.
So, uh, leave a nice review and so forth.
Uh, every little bit helps.
And I think that's a big part of why we are doing as well as we are over there.
Um, before we close up shop tonight and play the credits, uh, I gotta get people's final
thoughts.
Jason, thank you once again for being here.
I hope you had a good time.
Always, always, always, always, always what people may not realize.
You have to drive an, an hour and 45 minutes to get here one way on a Sunday and you do
it for this show and then you go back and you, yeah, and you edit the video.
So you, you are, we, we really appreciate your dedication and thank you.
Thank you.
The show would not be possible without you literally because you've also helped us with
many a web thing.
So thank you.
Thank you.
I always look forward to it.
Uh, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I am doing a very good job of having ideas, not writing them down and forgetting them.
So here's to here.
You forgetfulness.
You have a laptop in front of you.
I know.
Launch that notes application and have it open at all times, sir.
Yes, I am definitely doing that from here on out.
That's an order.
All right.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight.
Um, I also forgot that I played surgeon simulator 2013 today.
Or I should say, I let my son watch me do that.
It was more like knocking stuff off desks, a simulator, because that's what I was doing
because he was too afraid of the actual surgeries.
It's like, I don't like this game.
Um, so yeah, so that's all I have.
All right.
And dark soccer, your final thought tonight?
Meh.
You know why?
Why?
Because I went pink berry and it's not cheat day.
Okay.
Okay.
That's I'm going to leave it at that, uh, beak.
Yeah, because I may or may not have something in the freezer right now, but I'll save it.
I'll save it.
I'll save it.
All right.
Uh, my final thought for the night is, um, candy canes are the best thing about Christmas.
Candy canes are the best thing about Christmas and that new candy cane flavor at the pink
berry.
Actually, they do have peppermint, but dark soccer brought me a pumpkin candy cane before
the show.
It's like a giant one.
I ate it all during the show.
Cause I love food.
You were done before the show.
Actually, that was during Bobby.
I love food.
Did it really taste like pumpkin pie?
It was good.
Yeah.
It tastes like, I offered to let you lick it.
I don't want your cooties.
You already gave me gay seven years ago.
Remember that?
Sorry about that.
No, no, there's a story.
All right.
Quickly.
Cause we got plenty of credits.
We were at Goff land and they had these big Pepsi bong bone drink things.
And so I let Rob have a sip of it and I said, I don't have cooties or anything.
He's like, okay.
And took a drink, passed it back.
He goes, I have gay.
I was like, and Irene was there and I was like, Oh my God, Irene, let's date.
And for the rest of the day, you did kind of, she just shrugged.
Maybe.
All right.
Uh, I know Irene's pretty cute.
Uh, thank you guys again for downloading the show and checking it out.
We really appreciate it.
We'll be back to do this all again next week.
Same bat time, same bat channel.
Have a great week in your gaming, whatever it is you're playing.
Just have fun.
It is an exciting time to be a gamer.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
