Orange Lounge Radio
Who's the host? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Happy New Year! Well, Happy New Year to those of you listening to this in 2014. Tonight, we're still a few days away, and that means we still have to close out the year. Take a look back with us as we reminisce about 2013, and take your comments and calls on this episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to the very last episode of Orange Lounge Radio. For the year 2013!
Troll-old!
Oh, why not? Travis was doing that joke last night on Understation Live. I thought I'd continue it tonight. Anyway, hi!
What do you think of it? We did it last year, too.
We probably do it every year, but anyway, no, we're not going anywhere anytime soon, but the calendar is a-changin'. Welcome, everybody, to another episode of Orange Lounge Radio for this December the 29th of 2013, episode number 533 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me, as you already heard, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I'm gonna finish this dang puzzle.
What are you playing right now?
I'm playing Mii Plaza so I can get puzzle pieces since a certain somebody who also has this puzzle completed came in.
Those puzzles, yes. That is kind of like my little crack addiction on the 3DS, like when I'm not playing a 3DS game or whatever. I like to do the little street passing, collecting the puzzles. You know what's really great for that now is Starbucks.
Oh yeah, I go to at least three different Starbucks a week now.
And you get like six people at a time now.
Also, I'm gonna steal Alan. Thank you.
Alan, by the way, just since it's not video, Alan brought some wine in for our celebratory last episode of the year. Thank you, Alan. We'll see Alan in Part B a little later.
Jam jar is not bad.
This is okay.
It's not as sweet as Frivolo.
Sorry, listeners. I know this is not great radio, but I have wine.
We're having wine tasting.
I'm having wine, so I'm just gonna sippy here on the wine.
Have wine and coffee.
I don't know about that combination. All right, but anyway, while we sip away here on some wine, why don't we say hello via Skype? Say hello to Loki, everybody.
Hi.
Hey, Loki. How you doing?
I was doing pretty good until how many games I bought during the Steam sale. Not so much anymore.
We were talking before the show a little bit, right after, between the Bobby call and then when we went live.
You were asking us, how do you look up how much I've spent on the Steam sale? So you must have found it, and you sound really depressed now.
Well, I didn't buy all of these, because I got a couple gifted, but I have 30 new games.
Oh my god, that you just picked up during the sale?
Yes.
Wow. And out of those 30, Loki, how many have you actually played?
A few, actually. I have played a few. But, see, here's the thing. Not all of them were from the Steam sale. Actually, there was one that was part of an indie bundle, and so, I mean, seven of those were...
I think, actually, the amount of money that I've spent, though, has been quite small, I mean, for 30 games.
So you tend to buy the stuff that's like two bucks?
Yeah.
That makes sense. I don't blame you. Well, have you played any of the 30 games that you've actually bought?
Yes, I have.
And what was your favorite out of what you've played so far?
The Stanley Parable was pretty good.
Yes, it is. Okay, did you get the two special endings? Where you go visit the other places?
Yeah, I got that ending. I've gotten all the endings, I think.
Don't spoil y'all, because I stopped to play it.
I'm about, I think, four away from beating from all of them, but you also get really random ones, too, so...
Yeah.
Well, Loki, the sale is through January 3rd. Are you gonna try to restrain yourself now, or is it still open season and you're gonna buy a bunch of stuff?
Well, here's the thing. I'm right now thinking of things to actually buy.
I really want. That's the thing.
Well, yeah, just as said in our chat room just now, because we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blocko Show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And 5th Dream in chat says, new sale is up, Loki. Get crackin'. That's right. It's 6 o'clock, so they just flipped over, so...
And for anyone who's interested, I'm opening Normandy.
And that's your Animal Crossing town, right?
Yes.
Has Duke Nukem gone up yet? I've seen it up for a vote, but I haven't seen it actually on sale yet, and I really want it on sale.
Um, I thought it was part of one of the Flash sales, but I don't remember.
It might have been one of the ones I missed. If so, I'm gonna be really irked, because that's one of the games I wanted to get.
But, Loki, thank you again for the $20 gift card you got me for the holidays. I used that to buy a bunch of trading cards and level myself up to 20.
But then I crafted that badge for the snow season, or whatever, the snow winter sale badge.
And I got an item in there that I sold for like 75 cents, so that paid for like 5 of the cards right there.
Yeah, the items I got were crap, so I ended up just selling all of them, because it was like, ooh, hey, a football manager background. Yeah, totally awesome.
Some addicting crap, though, all that stuff.
Yeah, I got some good stuff on Steam, so I'll talk a little more about that later.
Ooh, I'm looking, it looks like the Flash sale right now. Stanley Parable, funny enough, you guys talk about that.
And Bioshock Infinite, which I'm gonna talk about a little later, because I finally played it this week.
I need to play that.
Alright, but before we get to that talk, we also have to introduce here with us in studio, say hello to the voice of the show joining us over the season.
I guess this, it's been about three months now, or will be, by the time you're...
It sure feels like it.
But we love having you here. Even though, you know, we've always kind of been three people, it's fun to mix things up a little while.
And you do great, and you have a great voice. So we always love having here in the studio, Jason, everybody.
That's me.
How you doing?
I'm, uh, still in a bit of a rush, and I'm trying to get my heart rate back down.
Jason literally walked through the door as we were playing the opening song tonight.
Uh, maybe a little bit before, but what's your excuse, young man? You were in the Bay Area.
What's your excuse, young man? You have a curfew of 6 PM, and you got here at 6, don't you?
No, I...
Don't ever be a co-host on Hoard House, because you will get emails like that.
I, uh, went to a Raiders game, versus Broncos in my defense. I went to a Raiders game with a co-worker of mine, and, uh, despite leaving early traffic and everything else, I just...
I timed it perfectly well, actually, all things considered.
So you did make it here.
I did make it here.
I'm sorry you had to suffer through watching the Raiders play. That's, uh, that's unfortunate.
It was, um, it's actually my first ever, uh, game that I've been to in a stadium, football-wise.
I've never been to... I've been... I went to the Mile High Stadium as a kid, but for a concert, uh, teenager.
Um, but I don't think I've ever seen a football game, high school, college, like anything, in a venue before.
So, it was nice to see. It was a good reminder to find out how hectic things are, especially in the Bay Area.
It was fun. It was really interesting. It was really good being able to get out there and do that again.
You didn't get shot, or shot at.
Uh, one of them, definitely not. The second one, well, there's a lot of bangs in the arena, but I don't think it was somebody firing a gun.
Uh, go to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com. BlackWolf says,
Jason's excuse is identical to mine. That's right.
Football.
Yeah, he plays in the football drumline in Atlanta, so, uh, exciting stuff.
He says he did the show tonight in his uniform. That's how last minute it was.
I was like, why don't you have a webcam, Bobby? That'd be hilarious.
You know, you and I have seen our share of high school football games.
Oh, god, yes, me and the band.
I went to an Alabama Auburn game, which anyone from Alabama, any part of the south will know how big the college football thing is.
I fell asleep. I was so bored.
Uh, let's see, go into the chatroom as well at live.vognetwork.com.
Mako asks some questions about Duke Nukem, saying, wait, Duke Nukem forever? Are you nuts?
I just want to clarify. Duke Nukem 3D.
If I said forever, then I obviously overly misspoke, and what a faux pas. Duke Nukem 3D is what I'm waiting for.
That was also my very first convention land game.
Nice.
Was Duke Nukem 3D, when you could do the voice macros and everything. That was awesome.
I'm sure I've told this story on the show before, but we used to play that in the college dorms, like, over the dial-up.
Because, you know, all those little rooms, I mean, dorm rooms are tiny, right? But we'd all have our own phone number.
So, I would play in my room, and then my best friend who lived next door to me would play Duke Nukem in his room.
And we would call each other over the phone and do that.
And the bros in the dorm loved it, because they would, like, see where I'm at, and then, like, go run and tell him where I'm at, and then they'd run it over.
Talk about screen-lookers. Come on, that's just straight-up cheating.
I know, what a bunch of gossipy bitches. Like, you don't think brosy straight guys can be gossipy bitches?
Get Duke Nukem. Get Call of Duty in the mix, and we all understand that.
No offense, but offense.
I played... man, what were my early dial-up days? I remember a lot of Warcraft II.
I know I played Shadow Warrior once or twice with a friend of mine. I feel like we had to have played Duke Nukem.
There... some game of its ilk at the time. There was definitely another first-person shooter I played a couple times.
For the life of me, I can't remember what it was.
Tigerclaw in the chat room reminding us, I got Duke Nukem 3D when Good Old Games gave it away.
God bless Good Old Games for giving that away. I actually got that too, so I'm very thankful about that.
The reason why I also want it on Steam, but I want to get it on sale when it's only, like, three bucks,
is because they have that multiplayer coming, which, you know, the Good Old Games one is great,
but it doesn't, like, they're trying to add to it for the Steam one, so that's what I'm trying to get in on.
So, actually, clue me in on this, um, have we... has Duke Nukem multiplayer on PC not been a thing at all yet?
Like, in, of course, the modern remakes, DOSBox emulation, that kind of stuff.
Well, you should still be able to land it.
Because, like, Loki, do you know?
It's just not easy.
Yeah, this is not easy. It's not what he used to be.
I think, I mean, I don't know, I haven't messed with it.
This dream says Duke Nukem gossipy bitches edition.
I was going to say that I played a Duke match not long ago, but now that I think about it,
that was probably on Xbox 360 after I picked that up.
Oh, yeah, that was on.
And, yeah, I guess, I guess games of those time were built for, like, IPX and NetBIOS
and all of this other ridiculous out-of-date nonsense that predates, you know,
LAN parties in the stable way that they are now.
Well, as exciting as it is to talk about a 20-year-old game here on the program...
And 28-8 bod motives.
Hey, we love our retro games. That's, you know, part of what we're all about.
But I want to kick off tonight with the topic that I'm sure a lot of your favorite podcasts
and websites and so forth are getting into on this slow news week
because it is a bit of a slow news week, you know.
We had a pretty major holiday happen this past week
and, you know, things that people are celebrating, a lot of people traveling.
So there was not a lot of gaming news this week.
We'll get to what there is in a moment,
but this is the time of year where a lot of people talk about what was your top games of the year.
So I want to start that same conversation here at Orange Launch Radio,
the top video games of 2013.
But a very important difference, what we're trying to do here.
Here at Orange Launch Radio, we want to talk about our, or as the case may be,
your favorite games of 2013, meaning there are no right or wrong answers.
We're not trying to say, this is the list and shut the hell up.
We'll do that later in list list because that is where we do the scientific list and the way things are.
But for this, this is just about, hey, these were my favorite
and so there's no right or wrong answers.
So I just want to know, like, what were your favorite games of the year?
Chatters, if you want to play along, shout them out in the chat room.
Your one, two, and three, what were your top three games of 2013?
And to be honest, guys, they didn't have to be released in 2013.
They could be any time if it was something you really got into this year
that made 2013 for you.
So how about ladies first, just because I'm dying to know for DarkSakura,
her top three games of the year.
DarkSakura, what was your number three pick and why?
My number three?
I don't even know if it actually came out this year, but I'm going to say fractal anyway.
Fractal anyway?
Fractal, make blooms not war, because that has been my crack.
If ever, and I'll tell you, and I mentioned this before,
if ever I need something to distract myself that will make my mind work,
especially work on a pattern, it's fractal.
And I love the game. I am super hooked on it.
And I, yeah, fractal. Fractal, make blooms not war.
That is actually a game I got into a little bit when you sent that to me.
I did play a pretty good amount of time one night.
It was a really kind of different puzzle.
It reminds me of the old school games of life that were on the Commodore 64,
and I'm not talking about the board game version with the wheel in the car with the pegs.
I'm talking about, like, this dot will survive if surrounded by other dots,
but not too many, then it will die.
And you just see these really very pretty patterns that bloom from that.
It was almost like that idea, like as a puzzler, was really cool.
Well, especially with the ambient music that plays in the background,
it's, I'm trying to think of the right way to phrase it.
Yeah, that's it.
This game is actually from 2010, believe it or not,
but it was offered as parts of bundles in 2012 and 2013,
so it kind of came to more prevalence later.
Well, then I'll tell you what, I have a different game that came out this year.
And that's Legend of Zelda Link Between Worlds.
Ah, okay.
Because it's fun, and I still haven't gotten past the second boss in the dungeon
because that one is always the one that got me in Link to the Past.
But it's really fun, I love it, and the 3D makes me completely motion sick.
So that will be my number three.
But the 3D is really good, I gotta say.
It is, but it still makes me motion sick.
So I don't use it that often.
It's actually very disorienting, especially when you're,
I love the switch in perspective when you jump from a higher plane to a lower plane.
Because the camera actually moves with you just a little bit.
But otherwise, you know, I've been completely enjoying it.
That game is definitely on my list.
Alright. Excellent.
Because I want to stick with stuff that came out this year.
Okay, fair enough.
Loki, what's your number three pick?
My number three pick is going to be probably, it's kind of a toss-up.
It almost sounds like a three-way tie for number three.
We'll have a time to talk about honorable mentions later.
Okay, so let's see.
I'll probably do, since I was gonna go by how long I played games,
but let's do Saints Row IV, actually.
Just because it was, you know, I like Saints Row, but it was a little bit of a disappointment
just because it seemed like it was kind of rushed.
But I still enjoyed it.
It's just, you know, it's frustrating that it, I know it, having played all of the entire series,
I know how good it could be.
And it's disappointing to see that it didn't quite make it there,
mainly to where Saints Row II and III would have been.
It had potential, so hopefully the next Saints Row that comes out will be much better,
but yeah, it's still pretty good.
Alright. And you did talk an awful lot about that game, all the good and the bad,
so it doesn't surprise me at all that that is in your top three.
Jason, I don't know if you were wanting to do this tonight.
I know you tend to play a lot more of the phone games and the classics,
but do you have three games from this year?
Based off going, like, the only way I can really gauge it is going based off the kind of things
that I've been talking about a lot, and I think I've come up with a one, two, and three.
Okay.
So, number three, I'm going to give to FTL, Faster Than the Light,
because I've not had, like, despite how much I complain about that game,
if I didn't like it, I wouldn't be playing it.
And it's, you know, it's not particularly puzzly, it's kind of Twitch action
because it's overriding theme more than anything else is management of individuals,
because the pathfinding, yeah, whatever, the attacking isn't exactly,
you can drill down and make things a little bit more difficult
and a little bit more complicated and directed,
but it's just a good, I don't even want to call it a god sim,
it's really hard to pin down, but it's just a satisfying,
nearly mindless, but not if you don't want it to be kind of adventure game.
You know, I need to check this game out.
This is one of those games I've always been meaning to check out,
especially because it's sort of like a roguelike,
but just to be clear, this game was released in September of 2012,
but it doesn't, well, it really doesn't matter, because again,
like, how many games, and you know, it's so funny,
who was it on Twitter posted their top ten?
It was, who does Twisted Metal? David Jaff? Is that his name?
Yeah, he does Twisted Metal. Loki.
Yeah, that's him. I don't know how to pronounce his last name.
He posted, like, his top ten of the year, and Sonic Racing,
the one that came out last year, technically, the one with Danica Packard,
Sonic All-Stars Adventure Racing, whatever was in his list,
and everybody was like, you idiot, that came out in 2012, boo!
But it's like, okay, but there's so many games,
like, how big is your backlog, people?
Like, there's still games, like Stanley Parable, I just said,
I need to get around to playing that still.
I need less than 25% of my Steam library, so...
Exactly. Mass Effect, I did not discover my love for until, like,
four years after the fact, so you know, these things happen,
so I just want to make very clear, we're not trying to come up with, like,
some journalistic, this is the best of the best, it's no, you're free.
These are our gaming years, and FTL definitely ranked up there quite quick.
I haven't played in a couple weeks, I need to change that.
When we get that tweet that's like, why did Jason put a 2012 game on his list?
I'm gonna go ballistic, I'm gonna say, weren't you listening?
Listen to all the other words, come on!
But you do remind me, I need to check that one out,
as old as the game may be getting at this point.
It's still quite fun, very fun.
All right, very fun. I guess just me's left, right?
Okay, my number three pick, my number three pick is Super Mario 3D World
on the Wii U, which is, god, the Mario games are damn near always,
like, rock solid games. I mean, there's a reason why people eat up
anything with Mario in the title, because, especially when it's, like,
the main series games, the platformer games, they are almost always,
without fail, some of the best games to come out for the year.
A few exceptions here and there.
But Mario 3D World is by no means an exception,
it is one of the best of the year.
I did not know how a 3D game was gonna go over on the Wii U,
because, you know, it's not in 3D, but they made it work out very well.
I love the return of the classic styles of Princess Peach and Luigi
and so forth from Super Mario 2.
I think the level design is fantastic, and especially later on,
it just gets brutal in some of the more secretive stages
that come up much later on.
The game can just be damn near brutal,
and it's an amazing amount of fun with friends as well.
It's a game that Wii U badly needed, that's gonna move some consoles,
and rightfully so. It is a must-have game on the Wii U,
and absolutely one of the best of the year.
So Mario 3D World, my number 3 pick.
Alright, let's get into, let's read some number 3s from our chat room.
Degenerate Johnny says, Dead Space 3, Code Man, Borderlands 2,
Tech 2030, Tomb Raider, let's see,
Dark Tetsuya, Unreal Tournament Game of the Year.
Found it at Goodwill over the summer and been playing the hell out of it.
That works, that works.
Alright, there you go. Let's get into some number 2 picks.
Dark Sakura, your number 2 pick.
The Stanley Parable.
The Stanley Parable.
Because that game sort of snuck up on me,
and I'll tell you how I heard about it.
It was actually through a parody.
Not really a parody, but it was a response to an email
that the game creator had about it.
And so he had the narrator narrate the response and the letter
about this guy being a major douchebag who emailed about it.
I was like, why do you say Stanley so many times?
Like, well the game is about Stanley and you'll blah, blah, blah.
So anyway.
So once I saw that I was like, okay, I have to play this game.
So I downloaded it.
I paid full price for it on Steam at the time.
It was worth it.
I've totally enjoyed it and I try to sparse out my playing through it
because honestly I still get really motion sick with first person games.
But I really just enjoyed the really bizarre sense of humor
that went into making it and I love the narrator.
I just sort of, you know, tried to do stuff now to spite the narrator.
And it's so fun.
So the Stanley parable gets my number two.
When you have like a little sarcastic antagonist slash protagonist
slash do I root for this bad guy or not type character
like you had in Portal for sure.
I notice you tend to love those types as a lot of people do.
So that doesn't surprise me at all.
I like games that are mockeries of other things.
I love, I'm a big fan of satire.
And it seems to me that a great deal, I mean, well, hello, I like Homestuck.
But I mean I like anything that is both a satire and homage to a genre.
So I've been having a good time with the Stanley parable.
And I think that it's something that if you haven't played yet
you definitely need to play it.
Act Definitely in our chat room saying playing the Stanley parable
makes me kind of anxious.
But it's so good.
It really is good.
It's such a great game.
And that and I just want to send a message to
we should get the narrator from the Stanley parable to do a bumper for us.
If they would, I would love that.
That would be amazing for the VoG network.
OrangeZoundsRadio asked me to do a bumper and I said, well, sure.
Excellent, excellent.
Who's up next? How about Loki?
Loki, what's your number two pick?
My number two is going to be Bioshock Infinite.
It was a great game and had a lot of moments in it
where it was just very awe-inspiring, I guess.
And the ending was, it was very satisfying, I guess.
So definitely Bioshock Infinite for number two.
I like games that have moments.
The very beginning, I mean, you don't even have to wait that long.
Just, you know, within like the first two minutes it's just like,
whoa, that's pretty powerful.
Well, I didn't want to get into my gaming week too much.
I was going to say this for a little later,
but I will say I did finally jump in and play Bioshock Infinite
for the first time this week.
I was lucky enough to get it as a gift on Steam and I was like,
all right, it's about frickin' time I finally played this game.
And I was blown away by the graphics.
They are so good and the atmosphere of the Columbia is fantastic.
Like, you know, I played the first Bioshock and I was like,
oh, this is all right and I see why people are into it.
You know, the more the story unfolded and so forth.
But this one just, not to be crass, but it had me by the balls
from the very beginning.
It was so good and the way the environment is
and all the things to look at and the story behind it.
Like, Dioshock, I think if you could handle the first person shooter,
I mean, it's unfortunate, you know, you have the sickness,
but I think you'd be really into this too because there's so much of the lore.
I do have the sickness.
The lore and the culture with it.
No, I know I want to play it.
I have it. I've had it for a while.
So I definitely want to. It's just...
And there's some very uncomfortable things.
I know some of you guys have probably heard about the controversies
in the game and so forth.
There's some very uncomfortable things in there about America's history.
I'm from Alabama. I can deal with it.
I know, but it's done in a very tasteful way for a story
that pushes it forward without it being, like, shocking,
if that makes sense.
It is shocking.
It seemed really realistic to me.
I mean, if you've ever looked at any photos from America's history,
or even not just America, but, you know, other places in the world,
it's something that it's very period-specific.
So, unfortunately, it didn't make my top three,
probably because I got into it too late in the year,
but it would definitely be one of my honorable mentions
of a late ad to my list.
But anyway, Loki, not to derail what you were saying,
but it's just I had to get that out there that I played it this week,
and I was just so in love with it.
It's great.
Okay. All right.
Do you have anything to add, Loki?
Nope.
All right, then Jason, we'll go to you.
Jason, what is your number two pick?
Continuing my trend of playing catch-up,
it was recently revealed to me that Borderlands 2 was 2012.
Fabulous powers weren't revealed to you the day you held off your sword?
I just don't remember that day.
I don't remember being at the store.
I don't remember where in the year it actually fell.
All the DLC was this year.
Yeah, and that's actually what I'm basing this off of,
is that I made a point a couple of episodes ago
back when the PS4 was coming out,
or just after the Xbox One was out, one of the two close enough together.
At any rate, one of the things that's been really interesting to me
is that because online is ubiquitous everywhere,
we are truly starting to see video game communities in the video game
and not fan forums and that kind of stuff
that has a very serious disconnect from the game.
I keep wanting to say Bioshock, because we were going on and on about that,
and I want to play that too,
because Borderlands is multiplayer and has a lot of work put into it
to make sure that the experience of playing together is good,
not to mention the randomness of the loot and the DLC
and the keys that SHiFT gives out
and everything else that's going into that game.
There are a lot of video game communities,
but Borderlands 2 is the first one that I know of that's console-specific
that's putting in a lot of work into maintaining original content
and the health of that community at large.
Funny enough, you are not the only one to put in that game from last year.
At your number two, I see Seattle in chat says his number two pick
is Borderlands 2 as well.
Long distance high five.
There you go. Awesome.
My number two pick is a game you've heard me talk a lot about on this program,
but with good reason,
because it is absolutely one of the best of the year,
if not the past few years.
The Lich King.
No, close.
Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn is my number two pick for game of the year.
Final Fantasy XIV 1.0 was one of the most awful MMOs ever made.
That is no secret.
The fact that they were able to bring in a new producer
who has worked utter magic with this,
because not only was he able to take,
not only did he make a great new MMO that was very competitive,
that had a lot of the great stuff that we love about World of Warcraft
and Guild Wars 2 and other MMOs that are out there on the market,
but kind of put the Final Fantasy brand on that
and even push it forward a little bit.
The fact that he was able to do all this and back the car into the spot,
so to speak, of,
oh, but we've got to make sure 1.0 continues into this
and the things that everybody started at 1.0 have to carry over.
That was a miracle in gaming that they did with that game.
It is gorgeous to look at, it's fun to play,
and it is probably going to be one of the best MMOs of this decade,
because if you think about it,
World of Warcraft still have a great love for that community.
I'll love that game.
I cancelled my account this week, I'm sorry to say,
because I've been paying for two MMOs.
Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn is where it's at for me right now,
and WoW is an eight-year-old game.
End of an era.
Running on that engine.
It is in a way, it is in a way.
I don't even think the new expansion is going to be enough to make me want to go back.
It's one of those, I'll check it out, but we'll see.
I'm so excited about a lot of the stuff that's going on in Realm Reborn right now,
especially with the latest patch and so forth.
I think it is kind of the end of an era just as, and to be fair,
before the angry Blizzard mob comes at me with their pitchforks and torches,
just as when I left Final Fantasy XI to go to World of Warcraft,
that was the end of an era.
This is what's next.
The pendulum has swung, and now we're on the other side.
Did I mention the soundtrack is so flipping good?
Unless you get tired of listening to the Chocobo music the whole time.
I might have actually been playing Final Fantasy XIV right before this very show tonight,
and I was running a Titan kill, which those of you that have played the game know,
you have to kill the, I'm not even talking about the level 35 one,
I'm talking about the one at level 50.
Oh my god, oh my god, look at the YouTube of the fight.
It's crazy.
And the music is like this rock song that's like,
That's like death metal that plays in the background,
and it's like, your heart is beating so fast.
I know Alan could probably hear me from the other room,
like every time I got hit with something I shouldn't have,
it's like, fuck, motherfucker, piece of shit, god damn it.
I have Tourette's or something sitting there playing this game,
but I'm just like that into it.
I was playing with a fun group of people.
Funny enough, Darlena, who's one of the hosts over on All Games of,
I'm going to mess up the name of the show, I'm so embarrassed,
Cat and Fox, I think she's one of the hosts of that show,
I was playing with in a group and we were having a lot of fun,
and I helped one of their friends get a Titan weapon, or relic plus one,
so that was good.
I was having some fun with Final Fantasy XI,
I was changing up the music because you could kind of mod it a little bit
and add your own tracks and where different songs were.
So I had Otherworld from Final Fantasy X as my fight theme the entire time,
or Smack My Bitch Up from Prodigy, depending on if it was a party or not.
And then what was it, for the Chocobo theme,
it was Falcor's music from Never Ending Story.
So that made the game even better.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
You kept wondering what would be the WoW killer for many years,
so do you feel that Final Fantasy XIV killed it or did WoW kill itself?
I don't think WoW is dead by a long shot.
Are they hemorrhaging subscribers in a way? Yes.
But are they still the biggest MMO four times over? Absolutely.
And there's still a great community over there.
I may be finally tired of the game, so in that regard,
yes, WoW is killing itself because it's not innovating fast enough.
That's the problem, is that now everybody's sitting here going,
We are done with Pandaria, we are ready for that next expansion.
Oh, you just announced it. Oh, it's going to come out in maybe six months.
This is Blizzard's biggest problem right now,
and I don't know if it's because they're spreading themselves out
amongst five games or whatever, but they're moving too slow.
And I know Blizzard has a reputation of it will get out there when it's done,
and when we rush things, something like what happened with Diablo III will happen,
and I understand that, but you look at something like Hearthstone as well,
Hearthstone is a great game. It is moving too slow.
Why is that game still in beta? Why?
They're still balancing things, really? It is moving too slow.
It is time to open up that beta and just launch the damn game.
If you have to still balance some cards, is it really that big of an issue
because most MMOs out there still need fixing?
I think the game's in fine enough shape.
And it's not even just MMOs.
Blizzard's entire catalog is balanced once every month, basically.
And this may just be the difference that ten years makes or whatever,
where that whole mantra for Blizzard where it's like,
Oh, we'll just take time until it's right.
I'm not saying don't take the time to get it right,
but I'm saying move a little faster, you guys. I'm sorry.
That's the reality. They're not moving fast enough.
I don't think anything's changed in that regard.
I think they still can take their time,
because they have three solid IPs that are by no means close to danger.
Fair point, because does it work for Diablo? Yes.
StarCraft? Yes. Hearthstone? Yes.
A game where you're asking...
I actually wasn't counting Hearthstone.
You said it yourself. WoW is still strong.
But between WoW, Diablo, and StarCraft, they are very healthy right now.
It's strong, but it is losing steam.
And the difference there is you are asking people to pay a monthly fee for World of Warcraft.
And it's like...
And not only that, but then you nickel and dime them with the server changes,
which... I get it. Final Fantasy XIV does it too.
They make their money or whatever.
But I just think it's moving too slow.
Like, you want me to pay for eight months while I wait for an expansion?
Like, no, I'll quit, and then maybe if the expansion is good, I'll come back at that point.
That's the reality.
By which you mean you will come back for at least a month to find out.
For like a month, yeah, of course. Why not?
More than that, we'll see.
We'll see.
Alright, anyhow, moving on. Let's get to number one.
Number one!
That's right, Numero Uno.
Dark Sakura, your number one pick for Game of the Year.
Animal Crossing.
Why am I not surprised?
I've played this game, like, addictive.
It's so crazy.
I have friends that play with me.
Hayak Deft.
You may have just had your town open during this very show.
I did, and then it crashed on me, and Mr. Resetti showed up making a face at me, so whatever.
But I love Animal Crossing.
I think that they have found what works again, and it's become fun.
You know, even Dan has a character. He still lives in a tent, but he has a character in my village.
And I was thinking about it, too, that, you know, I've been using it to help Julian with his reading,
and to bribe him into paying attention to other people, but it's got appeal for all ages.
I really have been enjoying my game.
I also may have finished my wine before you did. Like, all of it.
It was really good.
Rob, wine!
No, I don't need any more, especially since I have to drive tonight.
Yeah, there's one glass limit for her. I'm just slowly sipping away at this.
We'll finish that bottle, don't worry.
Because Alan's here tonight. I don't have to pick him up.
Do you like the jam jar?
Yeah, this is good. I like this.
Because of my seal of approval.
All right, number one from Loki, as if I have to ask.
If it is not the game I'm thinking it is, I may have a heart attack and die, so let's see what happens.
Loki, your number one pick of the year.
I want you to die, so yes, it is going to be Grand Theft Auto V.
Of course! Of course!
I mean, what else would it be?
It's a great game and I love it.
And they're still making it better.
That's it. Grand Theft Auto V. Not a surprise.
And if you want to know more about why Loki picked Grand Theft Auto V as his game of the year,
just go back to the previous 15 episodes of the show or so since the game came out.
Basically? I was going to say exactly the same thing.
Jason, numero uno, number one.
If for no other reason than because of the last two weeks, definitely, certainly, completely, Rogue Legacy.
I've been having, especially with the controller now, it was always a fun game on the keyboard.
And I just kind of live for that adventure, random, twitch, roguelike, platformer,
just all things together, the music and everything else.
I've been having so much fun with that game.
Throw in a controller, I've been using the PS4 controller religiously like every day since I've started,
since I got it and actually got it to work.
It's been insane amounts of fun.
And I'm thinking that when it's out on, I'm thinking when it's out on two systems that I don't have
and one system back home that I'll get back to eventually, those being the PS Vita, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4,
I may buy it again because just to have the console experience from the ground up,
not to mention there's some very, very frustrating Mac bugs with Rogue Legacy.
But besides the point, more specifically, I've had a conversation with a friend or two in the last couple of days.
I kind of want to get a Vita for a number of reasons and that's basically PlayStation 1 classics
and some of the newer games, being able to play them portably just seems like a worthy investment.
And that's always what it is for me with consoles, rather with portables,
is that when I can play something anywhere, I love to be able to do so.
And Rogue Legacy may tip me into that purchase and so for that very reason, that's my number one pick,
hands down, of this year.
And it actually came out this year.
It sure did.
Yeah.
It sure did. No, it's a great pick. It really is.
I was listening to the show on the way up here, of course,
and I was listening to you and Bobby talking about it in the handoff.
And like anything else, it kind of has that first little hurdle.
Grinding pays off and this game doesn't stretch it out unreasonably.
But it's actually coming around a second time because I'm at a point where I like to clear the entirety of the areas.
I posted a screenshot to Steam two nights ago or something like that,
that I finally, for the first time, accessed and cleared every single room in the castle and the forest.
It is still the only time I've done that once and then I frickin' die in the tower of the third area
because things get really hard really quick.
But things are moving along.
I have retrieved every item from the Enchantress and I need to start buying them.
I'm in a good place right now.
You're way further than I am, that's for sure.
And it's just managing the upgrades and figuring out how I want to proceed from there.
And finally taking on the third boss and holding my own for more than 30 seconds.
But yeah, very fun game and so much fun.
Awesome. My number one game of the year will probably not come as a huge surprise.
And I mentioned on November 23rd, which was the day that the Xbox One came out,
I said, isn't it funny that Nintendo today released two games that are damn near contenders for the game of the year.
And sure enough, both those games released ended up in my top three.
You had Super Mario 3D World at number three and The Legend of Zelda, A Link Between Two Worlds at number one.
Because that game is my fucking game of the year.
And I think some of this is a little bit personal as well.
I know that some big outlets put it in their number one to such controversy.
But, you know, good for them because it's my number one too.
And I'm going to tell you, the way that they took one of my top five retro favorites of all time period
and brought it into not like a remake or even a reimagining, but just another story,
a chapter two in that game that you love.
But now it's got all that new technology of the current console.
Like the way that it moved seamlessly from Super Nintendo to 3DS is just, it's so right.
And it feels so great to play.
And I love some of the changes they made to it.
I know some of the things were controversial where you rent the weapons now and you can do the dungeons in any order.
But I think that's cool.
And I think it makes for, you know, a different, a more Mega Man-esque Legend of Zelda, if you will.
You know, it's something a little bit different, but it is such a fun adventure to play.
And I loved every second of it that I've played it.
And it is a Link to the Past wink for me that I loved.
And I just, yeah, a fantastic game in my game of the year.
For the record, you could actually do two of the levels in Link to the Past out of order.
Yes, but, you know, weren't they numbered?
They were.
The little crystals were numbered.
They were, but I always did five and six backwards.
I would do the water palace first.
Alright, so there it is. Those are our three games of the year.
But what about you guys? Take a look at our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Locopoco says, number one, BlazBlue, Chronofantasma.
I'm a fanboy who can't put the arcade stick down.
Scottatron says, The Last of Us, hands down my game of the year, the game speaks for itself.
Tech2030 says, Tales of Celia, for sure.
I clocked in like 50 hours in that game and I'm about to go back in for a second time.
Let's see, some other number ones here in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
I think I got mixed in with the number twos here.
There were a bunch of people that did theirs in bulk at the start of all the games.
Yeah, that's where I got to.
Grand Theft Auto V, Degenerate Johnny says, Dark Souls.
Codeman says, Super Mario 3D World.
And Dark Tetsuya says, Super Mario 3D World.
So there's a sampling of some of the answers there in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Open forum for a minute. Honorable mentions.
Some games that didn't make your top three, but they deserve a shout out here as well.
Jamie?
I'm going to say the stupid Pokemon.
Just because it was the first ones that I actually wanted in a while.
And I'm having fun with it so far. It's cute. It's Pokemon.
I like roller skates.
I don't like that every time you accidentally bump into a chair, you sit on it.
But other than that, I'm not too frustrated with.
And I also don't like the 50,007 Pikachus.
57,000 Pikachus.
But I wanted a Pikachu. That's the one that people want.
So why not give it to them?
And then you see nothing but Pikachu for another year or so.
True. And that's all that's in the world trade.
Loki, you mentioned you were trying to decide between a few games there.
What are your honorable mentions?
Let's see. Far Cry 3, Blood Dragon.
I just bought that.
It looks pretty odd. Yeah.
I bought that too and then I was like, ah, I have to do Uplay.
Ah, I forgot about that.
And then, let's see. The Stanley Parable would probably be another one.
Um, I don't know. That's pretty much it.
Jason?
Because I couldn't find a place for it in the top three and just because it...
Despite how deep it goes, I'm kind of surprised that I bumped it into my top three.
But considering everything I've talked about, obviously Papers, Please is the honorable mention that I would have loved to put in my top three.
That's on my list and I hear so much good things about that game.
It's...
I was gifted a copy of that too by a kind person.
My Steam backlog is so big, I'm gonna cry.
Tears of joy, tears of joy.
It's a good problem to have.
I have half my library. I can't even play because I don't have Mac ports.
I have another game. Little Inferno.
You were talking a lot about that game when it first came out. I remember that.
I mean, it's worth a playthrough at least once.
The combos are hilarious.
But once you get past that, it's sort of weird.
But it was really fun. I liked it.
Oh, and Limbo.
Limbo was fun.
I just want to note for some honorable mentions I have as well.
I don't know if you have some extras, Jason.
But some honorable mentions I have as well.
I think the first half of this year was...
Usually the first half of the year is not as strong as it was this year.
But we had some great games just in the first three months of this year.
But don't forget games like Ni No Kuni was a great RPG.
As much as we have fun with Bobby Black Wolf, kind of teasing back and forth with that.
Ni No Kuni was a great RPG. Beautiful style. Beautiful soundtrack to that.
Great game. I love Ni No Kuni.
Bioshock Infinite would definitely be an honorable mention for me as well.
We just talked about that a minute ago.
Tomb Raider, which hasn't come up yet, but that game was phenomenal.
And is making a lot of people's year-end list.
And with good reason.
It was so great to finally...
You play a game like Tomb Raider and you're like,
Yes! This is the Tomb Raider I wanted to play.
Tomb Raider is definitely the most...
And it looks gorgeous.
I'm kind of excited about the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One version.
I mean, yes, it's a little weird to have a remake of a game that was just out.
But at the same time, with even more power, I'm really excited to see what they're going to pull off.
I loved Tomb Raider.
I do need to add another one on my list too.
Skullgirls.
Oh, of course.
For fighting games. That one was really fun.
Jason, any others? I didn't mean to cut you off a minute ago.
Hotline Miami.
Oh, good one.
Which I haven't put enough time into.
I just bought that for Dan because it was a dollar.
More things to throw out in the chat room here.
Let's see, some honorable mentions.
Dungeon Buster says, Metal Gear Solid Revengeance.
Tomb Raider.
Tech 2030 says, Ni No Kuni, Tomb Raider, Crysis 3, BioShock Infinite.
We're all first three months.
That was crazy.
Siaos is Pokemon XY.
Steamworld Dig.
Team Fortress 2.
There's still a lot of people.
Hey, there are still a lot of people playing that.
Awesome Unicorn.
Guacamelee.
Guacamelee is great fun.
In Dark Soccer, you mentioned you just bought that.
I did have money, but it was cheap.
I'm waiting for it to be, for when I get my PlayStation 4.
I believe that it might be Guacamelee.
What did I say? Guacamole?
Guacamelee.
Guacamelee.
Guacamelee.
Degenerate Johnny says, Shadowrun Returns and Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition.
There you go.
SSJ 100 Matt, Don't Starve, Poker Night 2, Pokemon XY, and DuckTales Remastered.
Oh yeah.
DuckTales was, as much as the cut scene thing bothered me, it was still, the game was a lot of fun.
And the new level was frustratingly hard.
I have another game.
That is definitely an honorable mention.
The whole rest of that game wasn't?
Not really.
Vesuvius was crazy though.
This is because of my heart.
Namco High.
No, seriously.
It's like such a, you know me in parodies and satires and tributes and things.
I fucking love that game.
It makes me laugh every time I play it.
Just knowing the characters from the obscure Namco titles.
And the homestuck characters in it and playing as the cousin of the prince of all cosmos.
It's just so crazy that it's stupidly fun.
Not quite enough to make it into my top three but definitely has a warm fuzzy place in my heart.
Alrighty.
Alright well good discussion.
Lots of great games.
This is a very good year for games.
And on top of that you get two new consoles and I'm sure they're gonna really start to roll out some of the heavy hitters next year and the year after.
We already know that because of the delays unfortunately.
Next year is going to be a great resurgence.
I can't even say a resurgence for console gaming but that's the way that it feels.
It's like everything has kind of been, you know, the late day, the late age games have been coming in at the mid and end of the year.
Literally the end of the console life.
Right.
But next year is just gonna, there's gonna be a lot of heavy hitters really quick next year.
Oh yeah.
It's gonna be all of our poor wallets collectively.
Yes.
Well you know you have things and on Playstation 4 you have, what was that?
The Order, the one about the wolves and all that that looked really cool that they were shown at E3.
And then you have Infamous Second Son is next year as well and you know there's a lot of great stuff on Playstation.
Drive Club.
Drive Club finally coming next year.
Xbox One has the Quantum Break which will, the new Halo you know is gonna be the holiday thing next year.
Lots of great things on there as well and then you know I'm sure the current gen consoles aren't stopping either.
There's gonna be another Mass Effect.
And then of course Nintendo on Planet Nintendo where they do things Nintendo's way.
They will have Mario Kart 8 is gonna be huge.
A lot of people theorizing they'll at least tease the next Zelda if it's not out next holiday.
Smash Brothers will probably be a big holiday one for sure.
Absolutely.
And who knows what else from Planet Nintendo.
I expect that game to be more like mid year.
There's no way they're gonna make it, they're gonna take it to holiday season next year.
They got Mario Kart now.
But maybe we should say predictions for later.
Yeah perhaps. Well we do have 2014 predictions coming later.
In an old segment we call Listless coming a little later on the show tonight.
We haven't done that in a while.
So stay tuned for part B.
But for now we're gonna get into the news after we do our gaming weeks.
So stepping away from the games of the year a little bit just quickly.
What have you been playing this week? What have you been getting into?
Dark Sakura. How was your gaming week?
I played some stuff.
Animal Crossing and I played some Final Fantasy 14.
And I got some of my old school friends into Final Fantasy 14.
People from my Digimon days.
And the stuff and words and other games.
I bought a bunch of games that I haven't started.
I played some Fractal.
I played some Mass Effect 3.
I played some Mass Effect 2.
Because basically I have a new computer.
Oh yeah. That was your holiday gift huh?
Not really the computer. The guts in it are new.
The case. The motherboard. The processor.
The only things that we carried over from my old computer were my graphics card.
My power supply and my hard drive.
Because I already have a 3TB external storage as well.
So my new computer is pretty hardcore for me.
It does what I want it to.
So I made sure to upgrade the games that I really wanted to play.
I've played some Skullgirls.
I reinstalled Dragon Age 2 and Dragon Age and I'm working on modding them right now.
And Skyrim was in the middle of installing when I left the house.
Have fun with that.
With my new processor and everything, the installs don't take long at all.
Because first of all we have our own router.
So we get better speeds with our router and everything.
And then my computer is so fast now.
I love it.
And then Dan just took all the old guts and threw together a new computer.
Because we had the extras.
He's like, let's give this one to my mom.
So that's what he said.
So I've just been playing random things really.
And more Namco high.
Because that game is crack.
I think that's it.
Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
Well, I bought a lot of things.
I played a few things this week.
Actually, surprisingly enough, not Grand Theft Auto 5.
And that's kind of surprising because they had their holiday thing where they had it snowing and everything.
And just didn't get a chance to play it.
It's buried under cores right now.
I did play Duke Nukem Forever.
And it was terrible, unfortunately.
It kept crashing every single level.
It would crash.
Every single level.
So after about seven levels I said, fuck it.
And I uninstalled the game. I'm done with it.
It's not good in any way.
It's just...
It's absolutely terrible.
It's not what a Duke Nukem game should be.
There's no point to it.
It seems like they're more fascinated with, hey, what kind of interactive things can we make?
Alright, cool. Look, we made all these light switches and shit you can do that you don't really need to even mess with.
And then the game's just very basic looking.
It just looks old.
I don't know how to really describe it beyond that.
Other things I played.
I played a little bit of a brand new game I bought.
Super Amazing Wagon Adventure.
Now, it's an indie game.
And it's kind of cool.
It's a cross between almost like a 32nd hero and a shooter and the Oregon Trail.
So you're in a wagon like the Oregon Trail.
And it's like, day one, you've encountered some wildlife.
You go hunting.
And so your actual wagon is just shooting out bullets.
And you have to kill these things and avoid hitting the animals and stuff.
And you collect meat that way.
It just keeps popping up different random little mini games almost.
And it's just ridiculous.
It's a lot of fun and pretty cheap.
So I played that.
I played through the Stanley Parable.
And quite a bit through that.
I think I pretty much finished the game and I've gotten most of the achievements so far.
Aside from some of the ridiculous ones like where you have to mod your date on your computer and stuff.
And then, let's see, I played a little bit of Just Cause 2 multiplayer.
A little bit more of that. That was kind of fun.
I tried Proteus, which is kind of a very retro looking 3D first person, I don't know, art game, I guess.
There's not really a point to it.
But I was just showing it to Josh because I wanted to show him a game that wasn't scary, I guess.
So he dug that a bit.
It was neat. I don't know. It's very short.
And I think actually that's it.
Alright, sounds like you definitely were dipping into some of that stuff you bought on Steam.
So you weren't wasting money.
Yeah, I was going to say real quick I was just going to run down what I picked up from Steam.
Uh oh. Well it is a 3 hour show.
It'll be quick. It's only 30 games.
Sequence, Dust and Elysian Tail, Bionic Commando, Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon, Don't Starve, Terraria, Left 4 Dead 2 because that was free,
Operation Flashpoint Red River, Fuel, Overlord 2, Overlord, Operation Flashpoint 2 Dragon Rising,
Clive Barker's Jericho, Damnation, Super Amazing Wagon Adventure, Super Hexagon, Bionic Commando Rearmed, Rise of the Triad, the new one,
Cube, Gateways, Drastic Man Epic, Half-Life Soars, Lamalana, Blockland, Ballpoint Universe, Infinite, Retrograde,
In order to love 2D Evolution, Final Fantasy VII, The Stanley Preparable, The Orange Box, and finally, actually from last week, Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior.
Geez.
That's a good haul.
And it was only 60 bucks. So averaging about 2 bucks a game.
You know what? Considering that's the price of one new Xbox One or Playstation 4 game, that's doing really well for yourself.
Hours and hours of entertainment, so why not? And supporting a lot of indie games in there too.
Alright, my gaming week will be quick because I pretty much already talked about the big new one, which is Bioshock Infinite.
If I may, I also did buy Dust.
Oh, did you?
Yes, I did.
I did also play, besides just Bioshock Infinite, I did some virtual consoling on the Wii U.
Because nobody told me that Legend of the Mystical Ninja had come out on the Wii U.
That is like, even, okay.
There's some of those games, like, I loved it when it was out on the Super Nintendo, like, originally.
And I loved the fact that, you know, you had the little towns and you had the, like, minigames you could play in the towns.
By the way, one of which, Gradius, you can play Gradius in Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
It's a scaled-down version of it, but it's there.
So, you know, I loved that game as a kid.
Playing it now in retrospect, I'm kind of like, this game was kind of derpy.
But I adore it for its derpiness and for some of the things it tried to do.
And, you know, I made a great Miiverse post that is right now the most popular post in the Legend of the Mystical Ninja community.
Which is, it was a screenshot of me playing Gradius, and I put,
Look guys, I'm playing a virtual console game inside my virtual console game.
It's Virtual Consolception Horn.
It's got, like, 25 likes, so, my Miiverse moment of fame.
It's got 25, yeah!
Yes! Or whatever it's called, so that's fun.
But yeah.
How about 55, huh?
Well, this is funny, because for the first time ever, I finally got the joke in the game where there's a quiz show game that you can play
where it asks you questions about the game in the first couple stages to see if you were paying attention.
And one of the questions is, like, how many legs does the boss have?
And the answers are none, two, and 573.
And for the longest time, you know, you think,
Oh, 573, that's silly, because that's a big number. Nothing has 573 legs.
But now looking back, you're like,
Oh! Get it?
And, yeah. Which, if you didn't know,
Thank you, Konami.
573, in Japanese.
If you abbreviate some things and kind of say a lot.
You have to kind of take some liberties, but it is konami, basically.
It'd be go, nana, mi, mitsu.
So, there you go.
But yeah, you have to take some liberties, but that's why Konami's kind of always married with the number 573.
So, there you go.
Let's see, I think that was about,
Oh, then I also played Castlevania.
Because that came out on Virtual Console a few weeks ago, and I just never picked it up until now.
And, yeah, between that, Bioshock Infinite, Final Fantasy XIV, that was a week.
So, there you go.
Last but not least, Jason, your gaming week.
Mine was pretty simple too, but I'm not nearly as expansive and elaborate as Rob's.
So, it will take probably a quarter of the time, if not less than that.
I also really like to talk, and I've been drinking, which makes me more rambly.
You chatty bitch.
Yep.
I sent out a couple more gifs right around Christmas for various members.
Ms. DDR Angel, friend of the show from many, many years ago.
Haven't heard much out of her, but I saw something on her wishlist.
Oh, I still talk to her. She's still around.
Oh, yeah.
She's on Steam, and I just added her on 3DS a couple days ago.
I don't know if she's an active listener anymore, because I think she's just kind of...
Just not in the chat.
But she does have a very neat blog called The Eco Maker.
Yes.
Do you check it out, people, because if you're into doing DIY things on the cheap?
Uh-huh.
Well, they were...
And I don't think she would mind me repeating.
They were having some hard times a few months ago, and so they were really thinking like,
you know, how can we do something shortcutting?
So, a lot of great ideas in this blog on how to do it on the cheap.
So, yeah. It's a good blog.
Anyway.
Amusingly enough, I don't even remember what I sent her, but there was something at a good deal,
and I saw that it was on her wishlist, so I jumped on it and sent it her way.
Speaking of which, she should open your present.
I should open my present.
A live unboxing. A live unpresenting.
Apparently, I'm finding out that apparently roguelikes are my favorite game,
because Loki also sent me Super Wagon Adventure, which I need to actually play at some point,
and I picked up Electronic Super Joy.
Neither of those are being roguelikes, but I cracked open Doom RL, which is the Doom roguelike.
Just kind of randomly crossed my mind this week, and I wanted to see how it's improved,
and it actually has graphics now.
Wait, Doom RL?
Doom RL.
I've never heard of this.
Doom roguelike.
It's surprisingly fun.
I'm a little sad that the levels are...
They're very roguelike instead of being very Doom-like,
and I mean that in like Classic Rogue and...
Oh, Jesus.
NetHack.
All that kind of stuff.
Very classic, very boxy, and...
Yeah, it scales down the Doom textures and plays it again, but...
I don't know.
Maybe I'll look in and see if I can make levels myself,
because it'd be pretty cool to actually put homaged, if not straight up ported, Doom worlds into Doom RL.
But obviously, considering that I just gave it number one, a lot more Rogue Legacy as well.
I think I got another 30 levels or some odd like that.
Levels basically map to how many upgrades you got,
so a good heaping helping of ours in the last week.
After I watched you streaming Super Hexagon, I tried that out for myself again,
and it's strange.
I bought it on iOS some time ago, and I'm not terrible at it on iOS,
but on a D-pad, I'm just abysmal.
My records are barely 20, 30 seconds on any level and much less on the higher ones.
No, those are really good scores.
They really are.
But I can beat 30 seconds relatively easy on iOS,
and I think it's because, for what it's worth, the D-pads on Apple laptops are very small,
and so to play them with these micro-touches doesn't work very well where on iOS
I just have to jam my finger onto one of the sides of the iPhone or iPad or what have you.
But yeah, fun reminder.
Like I said, I played that game on iOS some time ago, and it was really fun.
Super Hexagon, Rogue Legacy, Doom RL, probably something else that I don't even recall at the moment.
I feel like I talked about it last week.
Definitely the continuing rogue-like week.
That is a great week to have, as far as I'm concerned.
It absolutely is.
I love me some roguelikes.
Real quick, I forgot. I went to Golf Land this week.
Oh no.
It's sad.
I looked at DDR and was like, what have they done to you?
Yeah, it was bad. I didn't actually get to play any DDR, unfortunately.
I got to try out that Super Mario Kart arcade GP or whatever it is.
Worst idea ever is to have active commentary from some guy talking about the race.
I was like, why did they even add that? It was completely annoying the entire time.
And yeah, Golf Land is sad.
I think a lot of the arcades we used to love, it's so hard to go into them and see a sea of little kid gambling games.
The ticket-spitting games. It's just so hard to see that.
Don't get Josh addicted to those.
Nah.
Alright.
Moving on, I think we are going to get into some news, but first some quick housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R or you can also follow us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
We're also on Google Plus.
Google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
We do tape live again Sunday nights at 6 Pacific 9 Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at VOG Network.com.
And we will be back.
I mean, we didn't end up having any time off for the holidays just because these Sundays fell on pretty good days this year.
So we will be back again next week.
Still looking at the potential of doing a roadshow in a couple weeks, which will be very exciting because we haven't done one of those in a very long time.
And I should be able to.
So this is going to be very exciting.
But unfortunately, Loki, it'll probably be right when the kid's here, but it'll work out for at least us to go hopefully hang with some of the old school friends at O-L-R and some of our friends in the Bay Area.
So it'll be a very different type of episode. It'll be fun.
Cool.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news.
Wait, wait, wait.
I just unwrapped my present.
Oh, what'd you get?
A lot of foil, which I am now wearing as a hat. Why? Because I can.
It's very pretty.
It's very blue, flowery, something.
I want to feel cool.
I actually want to go get some more to do decoupage with it just because it's so pretty.
And then I got a ThinkGeek shirt that says, I am here because you broke something.
And that's always been true, but now that it's my full-time job, yes, please.
How appropriate.
Yeah, at the moment I saw that I was like, yeah, that's for him.
Did you try to nick it off and then on again?
Well, now I need to get one of those because I'm going to be working in tech support.
Make me a hat with this foil.
Okay.
Alright, anyhow, get that foil off my head because I can't see the news otherwise, so let's get to the news.
Loki, start us off tonight.
Alright, so usually when we report these types of stories, it's normally EA shutting down servers,
but this time around it's actually going to be Sony.
They're going to be shutting down their online servers for a few of the PlayStation 3 games that they have.
Starting off with the course, Gran Turismo 5 is going to be having their servers turned off May 20th next year,
and Resistance, the entire franchise, going down on March 28th.
Also, as of January 28th, they're going to be shutting down the online connectivity for MAG,
SOCOM Special Forces, and SOCOM Confrontation, and SOCOM Confrontation and MAG.
Those are online-only games, so if you bought those, you're fucked.
Your game is over.
I kind of get the Gran Turismo 5 because they're trying to nudge people onto Gran Turismo 6,
and I'm sure there's newer SOCOM games as well, but MAG, I kind of thought there was an audience still out there for that.
I could be wrong, but I kind of thought MAG still had a little loyal following to it because it was really about massive groups of people, right?
I guess if they're not achieving that anymore, I certainly don't have these numbers to back them up either,
and I know I was interested in the game, never actually wound up picking it up,
but a game like that, if its numbers are dwindling, if they're not able to match-make and keep the 4A,
the massive number melee going on, then why keep supporting the game? Why keep putting the time and money into it?
Robert, I always think that you should have an offline component to at least do some sort of LAN or something,
because you have something that's not just a coaster when this is done.
Right. Let's see, I'm looking here in chat and Robert M says,
I thought MAG had already shut down. Well, no, they're shutting it down January 28th, 2014.
It's just that this was actually announced some time ago in July of 2013 that they were going to shut it down.
So the news that it is shutting down is not necessarily new, but it is coming within the next few weeks.
Well, I guess folks have had six months to get used to the idea and try to sell the game second hand to an unsuspecting-
No, don't do that, that's mean, that's mean. It's the risk you take with online games.
If you think about it, even Final Fantasy XI, Final Fantasy XIV, World of Warcraft, they'll all shut down someday.
It'll be a long way away, but they'll shut down someday.
XI is still active, isn't it?
Oh yeah, very much.
And there's no time, no expectation for that to go away.
No. A game like that will be around forever, you know?
But at least something like that that's a PC game, there's a chance that someone may be able to run a third-party server or something like that after the game is shut down.
Whereas something like this that's on PlayStation 3, there's no chance for that at all. You're out of luck.
I mean, yeah, maybe you're not playing the game, but I still think that there should always be at least some sort of an offline component.
I agree with that aspect of it, if not an offline component, then a self-hosted game, a self-hosted server that you can run for nostalgia's sake.
Yeah, they did that when they shut down Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst.
I wouldn't know.
Yeah, they did. They made it so that you could export your stuff and play on private servers, which is weird to see a company embrace that, but that was a really good thing, I think.
It helps aid the nostalgia and custom content and people that want to do whatever they want in the confines of their own system.
Like, what's the loss if something goes wrong? You're not liable for it anymore.
Maybe not to the letter of the law, but certainly with all practicality, this game's done. You're not affecting anybody else than the people that you invited to come play this game with you.
But for nostalgia's sake, being able to continue to play the game, revisiting old gaming memories, that would be a good thing for MMO makers to adopt and continue to do.
And considering, too, that eventually, I'm assuming, I don't know if they're going to carry on the SOCOM brand to PlayStation 4, but you might want to have some of that stuff still available to play so that people might know what SOCOM is when the PlayStation 4 version comes around.
Unless it is truly a franchise that they're going to sunset. I mean, we don't know. That could be happening.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Zon's Radio at VoGnetwork.com, use the passphrase, snowflake.
Well, we shall move on with some more news. Jason?
This week, Notch just left a post-Christmas dump in your New Year's wishes and dreams in claiming that despite the build-out of Minecraft, that there are currently no plans for a Minecraft on the Wii U.
Which, not to jump on a presumption in Nintendo, but considering the age of their player base, having a productive game, like everybody is astonished when they find out that somebody building something in Minecraft is absurdly young.
You know, they're seven, they're eight, maybe even younger than that. And the Wii gamepad gives you at least a little bit more flexibility than a standard controller would.
I know a lot of people that just stick their kids in front of a laptop or a desktop and let them go to work, but for something like this that's a little bit more accessible, this comes as a huge surprise to me.
Because kids that I know really seem to enjoy Minecraft, and so to not extend it, you know, there could be political reasons, there could be time and effort reasons, and there are supporting reasons and monetary reasons.
It just seems like the Wii U would be a good expansive avenue for this, and to not take them up on that.
It is so weird that they are resisting it, and it does seem political. I mean, not to be all tinfoil hat, but let's, you know, Dark Soccer did just give out some foil, so we have that part up.
It is not tinfoil, it's fake foil.
But it at least gets us halfway to these conspiracy theories. No, but for real, like, you know, a map, duh, would be great on the Wii U gamepad.
I think just having your inventory screen and the crafting on the gamepad would make for a great experience. That's part of the biggest pain in the ass of Minecraft, is having to bring up the screen.
Where was I, man? You know, I think, oh my gosh, it would make so much sense on the Wii U, so it is very disappointing.
That's why Nintendo won't do it, because it makes sense.
It's return on investment is what it is. There's just not enough systems out there, and the people that buy games are just not there.
That's a harsh reality. I wish they'd at least, if they're not going to do it on Wii U, at least look into some second screen stuff.
And maybe they will, with the PlayStation 4 and the Vita, who knows?
Or like a port to the 3DS.
Yeah, who knows? That's possible too.
Don't underestimate, though, guys, how huge Minecraft is with, like, kids. I'm always shocked.
Julian plays.
I'm always shocked at how many people I know with kids, and they're like, oh yeah, my kid plays Minecraft, and it probably needs not be said.
Not only just the kids. The whole freaking family!
Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, for real. But I'm just saying, like, there are a ton of people that play Minecraft.
Like, it is pretty astounding what that game's accomplished.
There's a buddy of mine that runs a private server and has, you know, Bucket and all the mods, and there's an IRC room that we congregate in,
and so he runs a plugin that bridges the conversation in Minecraft back to IRC two-way.
And this wouldn't exist on a console, of course.
But the expansiveness is what makes that game, and the game is built around expansion.
Or surviving, if you play survival, of course.
Or building stuff.
Expansion.
Like me.
Or digging holes. I get rid of stuff too.
There is an immense amount of potential now, and I think last week we talked about, like, the long tail of Nintendo.
There will not be an immediate return on investment, but it will happen because that game is popular.
That is, you know, that would be a huge title to make its way to Nintendo.
But current plans, unfortunately, ain't gonna happen for the foreseeable future.
You know, I had to really resist picking up the PlayStation 3 version, but it's like,
dude, you own it on the 360 and you own it on the PC, and how much did you really play it on the PC?
But I've had this real bug to play Minecraft lately, so, Loki, we need to get that VoG server back.
Even if I've got a front of money for it, I think that we've got to make it happen.
We can do it and you don't need a front of money for it. I just haven't gotten around.
I'll do it.
Yay! Alright, I'm excited.
It doesn't have to... Even if you bomb the server and start new and maybe, like, as a, like, easy mode monsters thing,
where, you know, there's some challenge or something against, I think that'd be great.
I backed up the server, because they brought back the server for, like, a few days and I was able to back it all up.
But, you know, it's old now compared to, you know, the updates and everything.
And also, you know, free mode gets boring after a while, because there's no real point,
especially when there's not a lot of people playing at the same time. That's why survival's kind of nice.
Yeah, yeah.
See, my favorite thing was doing all the creative stuff, was digging holes and exploring, so I didn't really care about the other stuff.
Alright, and we've got some people in chat wanting to know when that's back up, so look forward to that.
Maybe that'll be something for 2014.
But I do notice Robert M. in chat says,
I'm not planning on getting the PS3 Minecraft right now since,
A, I'm too busy with the PC version in Pocket Edition,
and to some extent, B, the sound design isn't really there yet,
with the menu making huge metallic clunks and barely being able to hear blocks being picked up.
Honestly, though, I'm going to tell you what stopped me from getting it on PlayStation 3,
is that we haven't heard what's happening with PlayStation 4 and Vita versions yet,
and I want to wait and hear that, because will my PlayStation 3, is it going to be cross-play amongst all of them?
Because if so, fine, I'll invest the money in the PlayStation 3 version right now.
But if it's not going to be cross-play and the PlayStation 4 is going to be different or whatever,
then I'll probably just wait and get it on 4.
It's going to be different on 4, I guarantee it,
because that's why right now the PlayStation 3 version is basically a port of the Xbox 360 one,
so 4 and Xbox One are going to have larger maps and probably more features.
Alright, fair enough. Well, let's move on.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us in the news?
Well, Mass Effect stuff.
Yay!
Well, as you guys know, on November 7th, which was N7 Day,
we had a few tweets go in that showed some of the screens, not like full-on screenshots,
but you could see computers in the background with a little bit here and there for the development of the next Mass Effect game.
There was more news that came out by Aaron Flynn, who is the general manager of BioWare's Edmonton and Montreal studios,
with just a photo of the computer that says BioWare.
And they're basically saying, and the tweet basically says,
Great time playing the next Mass Effect game in Montreal. Ambitious, beautiful, fresh, but recognizable and fun.
So, and I'm, from what this is, it looks like it's just in the very early stages of level testing and design.
What a fucking tease though.
I know.
I'm so excited and scared. Literally, I am Jesse Spano.
I'm so scared.
I am Jesse Spano in that scene when it was the new Mass Effect game.
I'm so excited. I'm so scared.
But it's not going to be a Shepard story. I'm a little scared, but I'm really excited to play.
Think about it. We will get that trailer at E3.
By six months from now, we will know about this game, Dar Sacro. Yes, we will.
I know.
And it might make it for the holidays, although I kind of think spring 2015 is a little more realistic,
but you never know if they can play it now.
I'm still going to play it. I don't care.
I was very irritated with how more human-centric the last game went.
I would like to see more expansion into the other species in the Mass Effect universe, but I'll wait and see what happens.
I'm going to reserve my judgment until I've actually, you know, got it in front of me playing it.
That's how I feel.
That and it better have the same good multiplayer.
Right.
That was pretty freaking awesome.
At this point, you were talking about server shutdowns earlier in the show,
and I'm kind of surprised they haven't threatened to pull the plug on Mass Effect 3 yet,
but I'm sure there's still a lot of people that play online.
Oh, heck yeah.
But I don't know about, like, Wii U, but who knows?
It was so borked on Wii U just with the whole Genesis thing, and you didn't get all of your options.
It's just sad.
Honestly, if you're going to get it on any system, get it on the Xbox, because you can totally mod your files.
If you have to get a console and not PC.
If you have to get a console.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates,
although I have a feeling there's not going to be much, but it's a part of the show we always do.
So, Loki, how's the US look for release dates?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Nothing.
Not a damn thing coming out this week.
You know, let's travel to Japan and take a look and see if anything's coming out there.
I kind of don't think so.
I was a little slow in bringing it up here, so sorry, guys.
They still do not have PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, remember.
That is coming out later.
Okay, Mafia 2 gets a price reduction, and there's some third-party game pads on the PlayStation 3 on December 31st.
That's something, right?
How about on the Xbox 360?
Okay, nothing on the Xbox 360.
What about on the handhelds?
How about on the Vita or the 3DS?
Nothing on the Vita.
And 3DS gets Puzzle and Dragons Z.
Oh, never mind.
Those are just decorative things.
So, is Puzzle and Dragons really big on 3DS over there?
That's kind of weird.
Because I thought that I did not like the phone game at all.
But I guess I know some people that are into it, so whatever makes you happy, I guess.
It doesn't matter if there's something out there.
Someone's gonna like it and everyone else is gonna hate it.
That's true.
Yeah, I'm looking at the other systems like the PSP and so forth.
Nada nada nada.
So, nothing in Japan, really, this week except that one price reduction and some peripherals.
Dark soccer?
Jack and shit.
I figured.
For the UK.
Yep.
Nothing.
Alright.
I'm sorry.
Fuck all.
Fuck all's coming out.
You've got enough games to play right now is the moral of this story.
Steam!
Release dates.
Absolutely nothing.
Alright.
Couple more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
Loki.
Alright.
So, unfortunately, one of the games I was actually looking forward to next year, No
Man's Sky.
The developer, Hello Games, suffered some flood damage over the week and it took out
some of their servers and PCs and stuff like that.
Monitors, furniture, a bunch of other stuff.
I'm not sure if that necessarily, obviously that might affect some of the development
of the game but they haven't really said that anything's been delayed yet.
I'm sure they have all that stuff backed up anyways.
And then also they're saying they're not really insured for the flood damage but hopefully
they may get some sort of help from Microsoft.
I guess they're saying Phil Spencer said he might be able to look into helping them
out.
I don't know.
They'll see.
Maybe they'll do some funding stuff to recover some of the things that they had that need
to be replaced.
It kind of sucks that they didn't have flood insurance.
I'm not really sure in the area that they're at if it's prone to flooding or if this
is just some freak thing.
It sucks either way.
I mean it's really unfortunate but these mother nature events or as they call them
acts of God or whatever, these things are going to happen.
Just a solemn reminder to have an emergency plan no matter who you are, what you do, what
are you going to do if there's a fire or there's an earthquake or a tornado or whatever
it is where you live.
Always put your offices on the second floor.
Yeah, right.
Right.
So, yeah.
Well, good luck to them though.
I hope they're able to make a recovery because that No Man's Sky did look very interesting
even though for some reason it's the one game they didn't show on TV which was kind of shitty
but it was a good trailer.
Yeah.
All right.
Ray Jinder says that games are like Pokemans.
You got to get them all.
No, you don't.
You can't get them all.
You can't.
No, no, no, but you really don't need to because there are games that stink on ice.
That's very true.
We didn't talk about the worst games of the year but there's plenty of them.
What, like Aliens, Colonial Marines?
If they were worst games, I'd play them.
You don't play bad games.
I don't waste my time with bad games.
All right.
Well, I don't know if you guys heard over the holidays but all the networks online were
getting hammered.
PlayStation Network shut down for an amount of time.
Xbox Live was down.
I don't think it was down quite as long as the others but it was down for a little bit
and Nintendo got hammered as well.
And Nintendo, you know, very apologetic via their Facebook page saying the problem, the
reason why Nintendo Network went down is because the influx of Nintendo Network accounts being
created and trying to get onto the eShop.
Well, okay, when you sell a 3DS with a eShop copy of a game that a lot of people want to
play, I mean...
Translation.
Because of y'all greedy bitches.
I don't even think it's necessarily that they're greedy but it's just here we go again with
poor planning especially when it comes to network stuff and it's a bad trend for games.
Speaking of some of the worst games of the year, calling out SimCity.
Now, I personally am not calling it out because I'm going to be honest, I didn't play it but
I was hearing about a bunch of the fuckery with that game and the online servers and
everything and, you know, we all know what that game went through and they didn't expect
the influx of people they were going to have and so forth and it really made people angry
that a game that they were used to being offline kind of had to be online.
Now, maybe a little bit apples to oranges is what I'm saying there because obviously
a 3DS does not require you to be online but Nintendo certainly took strides with their
latest patch and by only bundling in the eShop version of some of these games on some of
their consoles, you know, they were kind of asking for it on Christmas Day so you kind
of look at something like this and you go, Nintendo, y'all got no one to blame but yourself.
You know, and your poor planning.
And also, I'm curious actually how many consoles they sold because, you know, if they didn't
sell that many and they couldn't, you know, handle the influx of like, you know, a couple
thousand, you know, people then I'd be a little curious.
Yeah, but it's not just the Wii U Loki, it's the 3DS.
I understand that but, you know, come on, I mean, they know how many consoles they're
putting out.
Well, anyhow, the Nintendo eShop on Nintendo 3DS was taken down and last we heard it was
supposed to be back up 4 a.m. today.
I haven't checked to see if it was back up.
I think it is.
I've seen Miiverse has been pretty active and so forth so I think things are running
again over there.
But yeah, that was not so great.
Also, kind of as a snowball effect, the Pokemon Bank was supposed to come out on December
27th.
It was out and then it got pulled with no Western launch yet announced because this
was supposed to come out here as well.
And the Pokemon Bank was the new system where you were going to be able to take Pokemon
from X and Y and put them in the cloud.
This is how you were going to be able to transfer Pokemon to future games and, you know, no
matter what system Nintendo has Pokemon out on next, you'd be able to transfer things
through the cloud.
So because of the network difficulties, they pulled the game because they wanted people
to stop trying to get the game.
It's causing too much bandwidth.
Again, you should have known when you put all this shit out at once, something like
this would happen.
So shame, shame.
But for better or worse, they did delay this a little bit.
Your Pokemon in the cloud?
Nintendo used Fly.
It wasn't very effective.
Womp, womp.
Fired!
All right.
Anyhow, if you want to try Pokemon Bank, you're supposed to be able to download until January
31st, 2014 and be able to download a 30-day trial and then it will be $5 a year.
And if you access the bank before September 30th of 2014, you'll get Celebi for free.
So there you go.
3,000 Pokemon can go in the bank and it will...
Did you say Celebi-see?
No, Celebi.
Oh.
It will work with Pokemon Black, White, Black 2, White 2 through the Poke Transporter and
X and Y.
So that's how you can get those generations in there as well and then whatever happens
next.
So there you go.
But unfortunately, we don't know when that will come out, but I'm assuming probably in
the first week of January is when they're going to push that back.
And it will probably have a very quiet launch because they don't want everybody to hit it
at once.
But once it hits the internet, open the floodgates!
Fifth Dream in chat saying the Pokemons are clogging up our clouds.
Yeah, that is kind of what happened.
It's like in Wall-E when the ship was trying to escape and it just blew through all of
the satellite data, all the satellites from it.
Right?
Alright, let's take a trip down memory lane where you know what?
You didn't have games in the cloud.
It was right in front of your damn face.
Your head was still in the cloud, but the games weren't up there.
That's right.
Maybe in this game, though, you were in the clouds.
I don't know.
Let's see.
We're going to take a trip back to the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura's going to dive into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey,
you brats should play this game or I'll kill you.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
I actually picked something a little on the obscure side.
I picked Ordine.
Ordine it is.
Which was a game put out by Namco.
Basically, I'm picking up the Namco games that were featured in Namco High because some
people have no idea where the fuck these games came from.
And I've actually done some of them for classic game.
So I picked Ordine, which is basically you're in a little plane shooting shit down.
And you have characters named Yuichiro Tomari, who is a scientist and the main protagonist
and you get a red ship.
And then you get Sun Daichin, who is a Chinese assistant and the pilot of the green ship.
You get Kana Ayahara, who is Tomari's fiance.
You get Dr. Kubota, who is the main antagonist.
You get Miki-chan, who is a shopkeeper and Dream Company Limited, who is a robot who
flies around and helps you.
And basically, it's just a really cute little shooter.
You get all the usual power-ups, you know.
And the thing about this is that it came out in 1988.
So it's one of those Namco System 2 hardware games.
And it came out on PC Engine in 1989.
And it came out for the TurboGrafx in 1990.
It's in the Namco Museum Volume 4.
And it has come out on the North American Virtual Console.
So it's just a cute...
It did?
Yes, it did.
Wow.
It's just a cute little game.
I haven't played this ever.
It was actually advertised as a comical shooter.
I gotta be honest.
It looks a lot like Fantasy Zone.
A lot, a lot like Fantasy Zone.
Yeah, it does.
It has that same cartoony, cutesy style.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Now, the one thing about this, though, is that...
It's like a little shop.
He just flew in the shop, like you do in Fantasy Zone.
Exactly, exactly.
With this particular one, you basically...
Like, for example, Miyuki-chan will stop by, like you were just saying.
When Dream Company passes by, you can win crystals to buy weapons.
But you have one-hit kills, but you can buy your extra lives as you go through the game.
It's just a cutesy little game.
I mean, it was fun.
Not a whole bunch extra special to it.
Oh, they do like a little celebration dance when they clear the round.
And I do believe that this is the one that Albatross was from in Namco High.
So, whenever you guys see Albatross or Al-b-tross, as he is also known in that, this is the game he is from.
I'm going to double-check it, just to make sure, but I'm pretty sure that is it.
And that's your classic game.
What's this? Some type of roulette game that's in there, too?
Like little gambling games?
Yeah, that's when you run into the robot.
Oh, okay.
Pretty cool. Alright.
I'm just double-checking.
I have to admit, I had never played this game before, but I kind of want to...
I wish it was on one of the newer retro game collections so I could check it out.
But there it is.
Your classic game of the week, boys and girls, or dine, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good pick, Dark Soccer. I like it when you pick things I haven't heard of.
And also, just to say, you know, again, if you haven't played Namco High, it's really fucking fun.
And it'll work on your phone because it is HTML5.
Alright.
I'm double-checking on the students one more time, just so I can be sure.
And it's not loading up, so...
Sorry. I'll probably be able to tell you guys soon.
Alright, well, maybe she can tell us after the break, because it is that time to take a break here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But we've got plenty more show when we come back.
I was wrong. Albatross is from Rolling Thunder. I don't know what I was thinking.
Alright.
Yes, there's not as much news tonight, so we're flying through that a little quickly.
But we do still have the mailbag. We have the FUGL question of the week coming up.
We have your phone calls a little later in the show.
And also, Listless tonight! It's been a long time.
It was Tamari. I don't even know what I was thinking.
Because Albatross is from Rolling Thunder, and it's another of those weird Namco games, so...
My brain went fart.
Are you sure you're done? Because I'm trying to get us to break.
Yeah, it was Tamari. It was Tamari.
Listless. 2014 predictions. FUGL. FUs of the week. Twitter calls. Sure. We'll call Twitter. Why not?
We'll do it all here on the last episode of OLR.
Twitter call-outs.
For 2013. Right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with our last episode of 2013 for this Sunday, December 29th.
And it is episode number 533 of our show, already in progress.
And a big hello to all of you guys there listening live at The Voice of Geeks Network.
Live.vognetwork.com.
And those of you listening to us on the podcast feed as well, be it through, I don't know, iTunes Podcast, or Stitcher, or TuneIn, or any of those.
A big hello to you guys as well.
Do remember, since those of you who listen on the podcast, there's a passphrase hidden somewhere in the show that you can punch into the website at vognetwork.com.
And if you want, you can use those points to enter the raffle.
And you don't have much time left. In fact, if it's after January 1st, you already missed out for the month.
But we're giving away a $20 gift card to many popular gaming services such as, you know, Nintendo Network and Xbox Live and so forth.
Why are we giving it away? Because we want you guys to visit vognetwork.com, of course.
And just because we love you guys for supporting the network and participating in the show.
So it's us to give a little something back to you guys.
So be sure to check that out over at vognetwork.com.
Also YouTube.
Yes. Jason, you've been working very hard on those YouTubes, I gotta say. And thank you for reminding me.
We just put up last week, we just put, because YouTube is, again, YouTube runs one week behind, six days-ish, one week behind.
Just because we prefer to have folks listen via the places that really give us ratings instead of giving Google ratings, giving us ratings first.
But then, you know, we like having it on YouTube for discovery purposes.
And, starting with last week's episode, Jason, I don't know if you really plan on taking that level of effort every week, but I was very impressed.
You kind of made it more of like an archive where you actually, like, bookmarked all the sections of the show and, like, very easy to find a part of the show you're looking for.
Some video synced up and things.
Well, the video is always gonna sync up, otherwise I just completely screwed something up.
But, no, I want to start doing more and more, and basically, I finally sat down and did chapters, and it's, you know, every time I do this, I'm coming up with new ideas, and I'm going to take it as they come to me.
It's like, you know what, we do the same thing. We've been on the air next year again, our twelfth broadcast year, tonight we're trying something new.
You guys don't know what it is yet, we'll surprise you a little later, I'll tell you what it is, but we're doing something new tonight.
It's just how you always kind of think, like, how can I do that, how can I take this one step?
And I've also, like I've said previously as well, I've also never done video work before, and it's always been an incredible interest to me.
And so this is one part learning design, this is one part doing video editing, this is one part being able to do a lot of post-production.
Yeah, I'm contributing in ways that are very fun for me, and I plan to continue doing so and doing better each time.
Yeah, do what you love, that's why I do this. And you know, since it is that sappy time of year, since we're getting towards the end of the year, one thing I'm going to put out there,
I got a pretty big promotion at work this year, which I'm very thankful for, I really like what I do for a living at my day job, and so forth,
but part of the reason, and part of the stuff that played into that promotion that I got, was that it was recognized, some of the stuff I do outside of work,
and that I work with audio and video and that type of production and things kind of outside of work, and that all plays into now, you know, what I do with my day job.
So like, you know, all these years later, OLR has actually like helped me get a job in a way, it's so weird!
But I'm so thankful for it, and thank you guys for supporting it, absolutely.
I got a job too.
That's right, you got a job as well.
I'm not going to say where I'm working.
Yes.
I'm glad that you actually know me in person, just because given the nature of the job, I don't really want to...
Completely understand.
But I will be doing some tech support, and that will be fun, but for every...
And this is the thing that floored me, is that I just happened to put it on my Facebook like I normally do,
I'm so happy I got a job, 120 people.
I was like, how do I know that many people?
So I want to thank everyone who supported me in my attempts to find gainful employment.
Thank you people who were just being happy for me, because that means a lot to me too.
You know, just a lot of selfless people I want to thank, so thank you.
And also listening to the break music makes me really want to watch Swing Girls again,
because Mexican Flyer is one of the songs they do for the finale.
We played some Space Channel 5 music here live, which I can't repeat on the podcast,
and we would especially not own that on YouTube, we get a copyright shutdown.
Actually, I don't know if Mexican Flyer is back in the public domain.
Well, the Sega version definitely isn't.
Well, no, but it is big band swing music, which really brought that genre into the fore.
So Actif says that we're happy because you're happy. Thank you.
And I got to give an arm of support to our buddy Brad over at Pod Culture,
because he's job hunting right now and he's looking for something.
Well, it took me three years, so I hope it doesn't take you that long.
But we are keeping our fingers and toes crossed for our friend Brad,
and if you need a really smart guy who produces a solid podcast about sci-fi and geek culture
and a little bit of games and a little bit of everything, hire Brad. Absolutely.
I do have to say it was very encouraging when I took the small tour. TARDIS posters.
Oh, quickly. Since it is the voice of geeks network and people are talking not just video games,
but did you watch The Doctor Who? I'm so behind on Doctor Who.
I haven't watched it yet, but someone spoiled The Regeneration for me.
We all knew who the new Doctor was going to be and when it was going to happen.
I'm just expecting him to break out into a string of curses, as Peter Capaldi.
But I did actually, though, I had to go back and watch the anniversary special while I was downloading it,
just because, ah, David Tennant.
That's on my list. While I game, I'm hoping that when we move and get our new place and our new office,
I'll be able to have a little TV so I can catch up on things like Doctor Who and stuff.
You know, a little person who has the episodes on her hard drive.
What's on Netflix too? This past season?
I don't know about the most recent season, but I only got halfway through the ninth Doctor,
and it's not because I didn't like it. I loved it.
I have that box set. I need to get that back for my friend.
I don't watch hardly any TV. When I finished Orange is the New Black,
that was a miracle that I actually had the attention span to watch 13 hours worth of TV.
At any rate, since I mentioned it, if nobody out there has seen Swing Girls, you can find it.
It's inexpensive now. Great little movie, and yes, it has subtitles.
But I just have to say, if you like the music in Space Channel 5, get into big band.
There you go. There you go. Loki, you still there with us?
Nope, he took a breath. Oh no, he's there. Hey!
It's so weird when I can't see you, but Loki Baby Watch is on,
which is why Loki is on Skype with us for a few weeks here.
But, Loki, any plans for the new year?
No, not really.
Since Josh dressed up like a firework for Halloween, is he excited about New Year's Eve,
or do you guys try not to get him too worked up about that?
Nah, he doesn't stand for any of that stuff. He doesn't know what's going on.
He doesn't know, huh?
He has trouble figuring out what day it is during the day.
He thinks when he goes down for a nap or something like that, that's another day.
And so he doesn't understand time right now.
Still young.
You and the jokes need to stop.
I never will.
I know, I know. Alright.
You want the intern Drew position here.
Anyway, let's get into some rapid fire news, Loki.
Alright, so next month they've got some pretty decent stuff on PlayStation Plus.
And I'm kind of excited about this in case you haven't played it yet.
Bioshock Infinite is going to be one of the titles they've given away free.
Devil May Cry, also Brothers, A Tale of Two Sons.
And they're going to have some stuff for the Vita as well.
Smart As and Warms Battle Islands.
And Don't Starve will be available for PlayStation 4.
So, not bad.
I'm really curious to see Microsoft step it up for the Xbox, you know, Games with Gold thing.
Because it's kind of hard to compete with Bioshock Infinite and Devil May Cry.
Games that literally came out one year ago.
Yeah, Sony's kind of on a tear with their PlayStation Plus.
Not only their free games, but their discounts and everything too.
They're making huge waves in this.
And, you know, especially considering as long as you purchase them, put them in your catalog,
the ability to recall them later and play them in a later month is fantastic.
There was the suggestions going around that even if you don't have a PS4 yet,
if you pick up, well, there's no free Plus titles for four, not retail.
But if you are a Plus subscriber, even if you don't have the system,
you can still buy it online and redownload it in the future, which is pretty damn fantastic.
And I've been doing that even though I've been away from my PlayStation 3 for two, three months.
Yeah, so I'm looking forward to it and definitely recommend anyone that hasn't played Bioshock Infinite.
Definitely give it a try if you have PlayStation Plus. It's worth it.
And then the first round of Grand Theft Auto online jobs.
These are created with the new Deathmatch and Race online creation tools that they released,
I think, literally a week or so ago.
And so these are now Rockstar verified jobs.
They have basically picked six races and four deathmatches that now will be kind of appearing everywhere online,
like the official Rockstar matches. And so that's kind of cool.
And they actually do have a system in there, as you may have seen,
with the actual official jobs where you can upvote or downvote or just not vote on different things.
And based on those and the more popular ones, they will become verified,
and you'll actually see them as part of the regular playlists and stuff.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
I know it didn't bleed through, but tell me if I'm crazy.
You two here in studio just heard that siren, didn't you?
The what?
The siren?
No.
There was an emergency siren that just went hauling in three...
Oh, in this neighborhood? I don't doubt it.
It was just well-timed.
A Grand Theft Auto story and the police are here?
Exactly.
Absolutely.
Works.
All right.
Well, I got a couple stories for you guys.
Another story about Doom. What's up with this?
It's like a blast from the past tonight with all this Doom story.
But VXJ and XV, tell me if you've heard about this one.
There's a mod for Doom that puts...
A mod for Doom? No.
Yes, it puts Resident Evil 4's Mercenaries mode within Doom.
That's cool.
So there's actually a little video of this here that I'll play.
Sorry, Jason.
It's very loud, but you see them going through the menu here,
and it's got the Resident Evil 4 stuff in here.
Leon S. Kennedy.
It looks like you can play as different characters there.
Leon's one of them.
Let's see there.
And for the chatters and podcast listeners...
That's right.
You can go to youtube.com slash orangelandradio
and view the video that we were watching just now.
Not the best radio, but the video will exist in a week.
Just so you know, so you can have this.
You do need a copy of Doom, and you have to have its multiplayer mods
in order to run this mod.
It's only about 85% complete now.
Now we're finally getting into some gameplay there.
Oh, that's a very recognizable Doom.
It's almost like they took Doom and made it over the shoulder.
Oh, he did the neck breaker.
Very Resident Evil 4 style.
Oh, yeah.
With all the little pop-ups that come up at the bottom there.
That's pretty cool.
I like that.
So, yeah, he needs the multiplayer mods, and that's very awesome.
Where can you check that out?
I need to...
It's linked in this article.
Yeah.
Was it?
That's almost as cool as...
VigLink.com. It's like buried.
That is almost as cool as ASCII Quake.
It actually just goes to Mediafire, so it's literally just a no-name dump.
Yeah, somebody's hosting site there.
Well, just Google Domero.
D-O-O-M. Doom Arrow.
D-O-O-M-E-R-O, and you can find his immersive mod.
That one's pretty cool.
Although, my favorite Doom mod to this day is still Gatchaman Doom.
All right.
So, yeah, check that out.
All right.
Also, a quick story here.
Final Fantasy X-3.
What?
That's right.
Not X-2, but X-3.
Hold on. Sit down.
Put your pants on.
It's not confirmed.
It's just that Kazushige Nojima, who was a scenario writer on the Final Fantasy series,
he wants to see Final Fantasy X-3 and says it may happen if fans want it enough.
And this is from a book from the Final Fantasy X and X-2 HD remasters,
because those just launched in Japan this week.
We gotta wait for it for next year, but it is already out in Japan.
And here's the quote.
Quote, if there's enough demand, then we may possibly see new developments.
I would personally like to see a sequel like X-3.
So, I mean, we're gonna get a X-13-3 with Lightning Returns, so it's...
They just need to shut up and give us another 7 or something.
I'm gonna say the same thing.
Where's my damn 7?
What's your remake?
I got a full immersive remake of 6.
Alright, well, if you want to show your support, March 18th is the big day
when these games come out in North America.
If you're in Europe, you gotta wait just a couple more days.
March 21st.
So check those out.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Oh, I was just saying that my villager wants to kill Ed.
We had a message in chat from...
Who doesn't?
They're talking about modding all the Doom stuff,
and then Tech2030 says, seriously, Animal Crossing mod where the villager shoots everything?
And I said, my villager wants to kill Ed, because he won't leave my damn village.
I hate Ed.
And you've consistently hit him with bug nets.
Now I'm just ignoring him.
And I had him almost fully ignored and then accidentally talked to him.
Have you been writing him hateful notes?
You can't.
If you want him to leave, you have to ignore him.
And I'm like, I just want to murder him with my shovel.
Or embed the axe in his stupid horse head.
And then bury him with the shovel and see if he grows into an Ed tree.
No, no, no.
He's not even worth being fertilizer, okay?
Or glue.
Or glue. Or even food.
Or jello.
This is going to a dark place. Let's move on.
Super Punch Out!
Ha ha ha.
Uppercut, uppercut.
Super Punch Out is on Nintendo eShop for Wii U.
And you can get it.
It came out in 1984 originally.
And it came out on Virtual Console for the Wii in 2009.
And now it's going to be on Wii U Virtual Console for 8 bucks.
I'd buy that for a dollar. Not really.
Well, if you bought it on Wii, then it will cost you just a dollar.
I think a dollar fifty gets a Super Nintendo.
Well, and also now for the PS3 people,
there are two games coming out in Japan for PS3.
That is going to be Raiden 4.
Oh my god. I'm so happy. I have to import that shit.
Because I love...
No, Dan and I were just listening to comparisons of the first Raiden game
on different consoles trying to listen to the music.
And found some were really awful.
Did you know the Lynx version doesn't have any music?
And it's really terrible.
And the other game coming out is Colladrius.
So, yeah. Raiden 4 is going to be Raiden Overkill.
And then Colladrius is going to be out in 2014 as well.
So there you go.
Alrighty. Let's take a trip to our Foogle question of the week.
You take Facebook and you take Google Plus
and you slam them together and you get Foogle.
We're going to go over to our Facebook and Google Plus communities
where we're going to see some answers to our question,
which is very simple this week.
It's a holiday show for the last show of the year.
So what is one very popular thing people like to do this time of year?
New Year's resolutions.
Which, you know, for better or worse, people do them.
So we thought we'd ask our listeners,
alright, it's the last show of 2013.
Do you have any gaming New Year's resolutions?
Things you must do in 2014?
For example, part of what I kind of thought of was the dark soccer on the show.
It wasn't a resolution per se, but she came out and said,
you know what, I want to play one new game a week.
And I thought, oh, that's a good thing to kind of aspire to.
I think I'm going to be using DVR as my interval training.
So that's kind of your resolution in a way.
Yeah, I mean, I hate to use my whole exercise thing as a resolution,
but I want to use DVR and other physical games as part of my training regimen.
Alright. Fair enough.
So let's see what some of our listeners said.
Let's go over to Google+, where actdef said, get a better gaming PC.
Also, getting an HDTV is one of my top gaming priorities.
But, of course, like every year, my top resolution is finishing my massive backlog of games.
Redertainment says, must accomplish project buy a house.
Now, I'm assuming that's not an Animal Crossing reference, but it very well could be.
That's also on my list, too.
Actually, now that I'm going to be working, Dan and I are buying a house.
Moving to a nicer studio for OLR is definitely on top of my list.
That could probably happen if we buy said house.
Well, it'll be a race.
Anyhow, let's go over to Facebook and check out some of the answers over there.
We had quite a few answers over there, but I'm in a good mood.
We didn't have a lot of news tonight, so we should get through most of these.
Andy R. says, finish more of the games I buy. Damn Steam sales aren't helping.
Critical Myth says, resolve to finish Mass Effect 3.
Play the two Dragon Age games and do even more Assassin's Creed cosplay.
Only finish Mass Effect 3 if you have the extended cut DLC downloaded and ready to go.
Do it if you have it.
Even if you're like, but I want to see what it was like beforehand first.
No, you don't want to.
No, you don't.
I made that mistake.
I watched them on the internet and I was like, download.
Exactly.
I waited to beat my game so I could download the extended cut.
There you go.
All right, going on to Fifth Dream.
I don't believe in making resolutions because I don't keep them.
But if I did, it would be to stop hoarding games like a squirrel and his nuts in winter.
I seriously probably have more games right now than I've played only once or never than all the other games I've had in my life.
Sure, most cost $1.50 to $10, but still I have that same problem.
Same problem.
Degenerate Johnny says, I vow to catch them all this year.
Catch what, you might ask?
I'll leave it to your imagination.
You better have a good doctor.
He means all the cards in Hearthstone, obviously.
Tech 2030 says, with a new Tales game and Tales HD rerelease coming out next year, I want to go back and play through all the Tales of English releases.
I'll get to replay the ones I finished and finally get to play through the ones sitting in my backlog.
Liam responded and said, to stop buying games I'm interested in on release at full price and I already have a stack of games to work through.
Instead, I'll wait for the price to drop.
Case in point, there's no way I'm spending 55 pounds on Tomb Raider Definitive Edition.
It's euros, isn't it?
No, euro is the little e with the...
I need somebody culturally...
Thank you.
Well, I lose.
Alright.
Our buddy Jeremy Jay from Koopa Club responded and said, my resolution is to finally play through all of the main series Dragon Quest and Warrior games.
It's one of my favorite series, even though I've only played four of them with any seriousness.
I need to do that someday, too.
Dragon Quest VIII on PlayStation 2 was so good.
And who doesn't love the first one?
Because we all got that strategy guide, right?
Good pick.
And then you can replay the silver lining as well.
Flashback to three, four years ago, OR.
Alright.
I actually put the symbols in chat because they do look rather similar at a glance.
Yeah, from far away, too.
Daniel S. replied and said, my gaming resolution is to stick to my game and not just jump from game to game.
Good luck.
To do this, I vow to get at least three platinum trophies in 2014.
Codeman responds and says, I would really like to dive more into Final Fantasy XIV.
Took a little while off and now everybody has multiple 50s and it's crazy.
I may have gotten my second 50 this week.
I would just like to be more involved with a free company and run dungeons more, etc, etc.
Now just to find the time.
Well, you know what they say, real life greater than games.
Yeah, that's been my thing.
Well, I'm still only 30.
Clover, well, the good thing is that game has level syncing.
So, Codeman and Dark Soccer and anybody else in our free company, I'm the Garsemer.
Just feel free to ask for help because everybody can level sync down and do stuff and it's still a challenge.
And you get, if you have like a level 48 or 49 character, you get great XP from it still.
I've actually been using the level syncing a lot for doing fates so that I can buy a stupid mount.
I'm still trying.
I had to get up to the job level so that I could buy my mount.
You know who else has been playing Final Fantasy XIV?
Bobby Blackwolf.
Bobby.
Bobby Blackwolf finally got into it.
He hasn't talked much about it but he's playing.
Yeah.
Good times.
Alright.
Clover Nikon says, purchase a PlayStation 4 the latter half of 2014.
My wife and I both agree that any issues should be ironed out by them.
Good luck.
I want to get one too.
Hopefully a little sooner but we'll see.
Ragenator says, I don't really do New Year's resolutions.
The closest thing to that is what I've been doing all along since this past March.
Buy more Steam games, preferably when they're on sale, and play more games.
Awesome Unicorn replied and said, my gaming resolution for 2014 is to ensure that no more of 50% of my playtime in Lightning Returns Final Fantasy XIII is spent recoloring and accessorizing Lightning's outfits.
This will take all of my willpower.
I really like that answer because the extras in Final Fantasy and how far they really go, that is such an appropriate answer.
Just in any game.
I probably sat there longer creating my character in Saints Row 3 than I did actually playing that first night.
I might be ashamed to say how much time I've killed in Super Mario 64, stretching Mario's face in weird ways.
That's part of the fun.
Osfer replies and says, I must play Final Fantasy X HD or else I will probably cry.
Also hoping that XV is released in 2014 after we've waited for so damn long.
Sj100Matt is last and says, my gaming resolution is to actually make a classic gaming setup in my place.
I have the bulk of my classic gaming stuff in boxes and have to keep swapping them out when I want to play anything.
What I would like is a full and nicely organized setup.
It's a Retro N5? Or just Retro N? What was that thing you called?
I call it the Retron 5 just because I love Tron.
I know it's cheating, but considering what you have to do to get enough inputs for classic games like that, not to mention if you don't even have composites.
And on top of that, a modern TV is going to have...
The way that we did ours at the old house was that we had the switch boxes behind with these demo monitors that Dan got when GameCrazy closed.
And with our switch boxes and the component in, we were just able to hit the box in the middle and we had everything out on one shelf.
There's another guy who has his setup to where he used crates with LED lights at the top of each crate so that it would turn on whatever system was active.
And there's ways to do it. You have to get a little creative.
But there are ways to organize it to where not only are your systems there ready to play, but they are also on display.
It's a little foolish for me to jump straight to the retro end because compatibility, if nothing else...
The HDMI, like TigerClaw says in the chatroom, Retron 5 looks interesting. The fact you can play your old games over HDMI, that right there is so appealing to me.
Just the cable space and everything. I know it's not the same thing, but close enough.
Because of my emulation history and everything else, I would have no problem with something like that.
Not to mention, I don't own those classic systems anymore. I've given a lot of them away to various friends that don't need new gaming consoles and just want to play an old fun game.
And so I've helped them along with that. Not to mention, the only system I owned before PlayStation was an SNES. But I have neither anymore.
You want one? I think we have three. Or four.
Well, I think all my games went with it.
We have extras.
I am not in the mood to start scavenging and building up and paying for all those cartridges again.
We actually are probably going to be downsizing the vault, by the way.
You want to move with all that stuff?
Yeah. A good two-thirds of it is in storage at Dan's mom's house.
I have a quarter of a wall of a vault over there.
One of the stacks sits at the ceiling. The stacks of components, cables, controllers. Yeah.
Amazing, though.
All right. Let's see. So that was pretty much all of our answers.
So there's nothing left to read, but still, join our Facebook community and Google Plus communities and answer future questions.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
All right. Let's get into some more news and then we'll get into list lists and all that in just a little bit.
Loki, you want to start us off?
So like most console games, now Battlefield 4 has been banned in China and probably has a little bit to do with the China Rising expansion.
They say that it was banned for national security reasons.
So I don't know. Maybe they just didn't like the view of China in that game.
Well, do you think it's one of those games where EA might want to put out like a different version to try or just know they're just going to write it off?
I think they're going to write it off.
I kind of think so too.
Because basically the main problem with it is that they're saying that the campaign of that takes place, you know, a Chinese admiral is planning to overthrow the government.
You know, that's something that they really want to, you know, promote or glorify there.
Very, very true.
Do games have similar scenarios with just the legit like American government?
It's usually like, you know, you're taking out a terrorist faction that already did the deed of overthrowing the government or, you know, like future post-apocalyptic, something like that.
I'm thinking like Modern Warfare 2 and 3, that kind of stuff.
There's always like some sort of corrupt government entity in any of these, you know, especially a lot of the military first person shooters and stuff.
Yeah. Always some kind of a nefarious, what's the word, ne'er-do-well that is the actual focal point of all of this kind of stuff.
Alright, well moving on to a game that's hopefully a little less controversial.
Dragon Quest XI. No, it hasn't been announced yet. Sit down.
Dragon Quest X, if you forgot, is an MMO game that exists on the Wii U.
I guess that's one of the games in the Dragon Quest series our friend on Facebook would not be able to play yet because I don't believe it ever came out here in America.
It was only on Japan.
But some people still talking about Dragon Quest XI.
Now, I guess there was some thought that Dragon Quest XI could be mobile, that it could end up being a mobile game.
I mean, after all, Square has been putting out more and more stuff on the iPhone, iPad, iOS system and Android and so forth.
You know, like Final Fantasy 3, 4, 5 are all there. I think 6 actually just is coming out or just came out.
I kind of stopped downloading all those because they're a little bit pricey and, you know, they're not as good as the originals.
But some folks thinking that Dragon Quest XI might go that way.
But Square Enix mobile developer Takehiro Ando would like to clarify some things in a Fumitsu column saying, quote,
At the current stage, there are no talks about making Dragon Quest XI for smartphones.
I believe there's still plenty left to overcome before we release a proper sequel for smartphones.
So we don't know when Dragon Quest XI will be out or what system it will be on.
I would guess PlayStation 4, but that's a huge question mark and so we'll see what happens with that.
But it does not sound like it will be on mobile phones.
Part of this, by the way, the reason why people think Dragon Quest XI could be on mobile phones,
I guess there is a version of Dragon Quest X that is coming to mobile phones.
I can't imagine it nearly matches the experience of Dragon Quest X on, like, Wii U or something.
And again, you'd be surprised how...
It was originally on Wii, now that I think about it. Wii U was like a special version. It was originally on Wii.
You'd be surprised how well some of this stuff can do mobily.
There's a fair number of MOBAs and MMOs and they find ways of making it work.
You know, input schemes that people are willing to put up with to play on their favorite franchise.
Alright, Darsakura, what do you have for us?
Chatting about classic consoles, actually.
What a surprise.
But, speaking of classics, and we did bring this up before a few weeks ago,
but there's been an update because the BBC is now paying attention to it.
That internet archive thing that's putting the 70s and 80s games online,
the collection is including the Atari 2600, the ColecoVision,
but the games don't yet have sound, however they will.
And, like I said, the BBC is covering this now because the archive apparently is expanding.
What kind of cool stuff can I play in there?
Well, the worry is that some of these are going to be illegal because they're ROMs.
You have to have the emulator to play them.
But the much older games are supposed to be available for legal play
and it's not actually listing a specific type.
Okay, there we go. Pac-Man, Space Invaders, Frogger are in the archives.
They are also including Atari's 7800, Magnavox Odyssey,
which in Europe was the Philips video pack G7000, and the Astrocade.
There you go.
Yeah, it's expanded.
Alright, well, from the classics to the future, you guys,
it's time to predict 2014 in a segment we call here at Orange Lounge Radio,
Listless!
Alright, and, of course, as the show where every gamer has a voice,
you guys listening live play an important role in the Listless process.
So head on over to live.vognetwork.com so you can play along with us.
Those of you listening on the podcast, I'm sorry we don't yet have the functionality for the podcast,
listeners should participate too, but that is something we are working on for 2014.
So listen along and have fun with us as we predict tonight's question,
what will happen in gaming in 2014?
What are your gaming predictions for 2014?
Now to take a walk down memory lane real quick,
let me see if I can pull this up real quick because we actually have,
I don't know if you guys know this, but there's an Orange Lounge Radio Wikipedia.
Did you guys know that? There's a Wikipedia,
and we actually aren't even involved in it.
I mean, we're on it, obviously, because of OLR,
but some of our awesome listeners,
like I know Orange Wright does a lot of this,
Tetsuya does, and I know I'm leaving a ton of people out,
but they actually, if you wonder,
why do they keep talking about ferrets on the show?
What is the inside joke?
You can check that out, orangeloungeradio.wiki.com.
Midna found the ferret, by the way.
Did she?
Yes.
Well, one of the pages there on the Wikipedia is Listless,
and it tells you every definitive list we've ever come up with here on Orange Lounge Radio
because this is a process where we will come up with the definitive list.
And so last year, at this time, we did 2013 predictions.
So shall I remind you about what we predicted for 2013?
Do it.
The number one answer was...
Oh, shoot, I just lost it. Damn it.
Sorry, guys.
The unfortunate thing about orangeloungeradio.wiki
is that it has some unfortunate full-screen ads that get in the way.
Here we go.
No PlayStation 4 was the number one answer.
Accurate.
Oops.
Well, none of us bought it.
No PlayStation 4 for the show. That much is very true.
And then there was a three-way tie for second place.
It was the Xbox lube is $100 with commitment.
A Vita price drop before the first anniversary, which that did happen, right?
That did happen.
And then Final Fantasy XI goes free to play.
So we were one for four.
There we go.
Instead of the Xbox lube being $100 with commitment, it's $100 more.
With dementia and brainwashing.
Hey, there's the voice of Alan Alchemy who's gonna be sitting in on Listless with us tonight.
Hi, Alan. How are you?
What?
What a good introduction there.
All right, I had to fade the music there a little earlier
because I don't want YouTube saying, oh, you don't own that song.
So there we go.
All right, getting into Listless tonight.
For those of you that have never heard Listless before, it is a very scientific process.
And there is no arguing, people, with this list.
Okay, this is the list of predictions for 2014, the official gaming community predictions.
Each host and guest participating tonight will go around and give their top three answers for what should go on the list.
Then, in a very difficult round, we will go around and each take one item off of the list,
which then you guys, the chatters, can vote on.
And you will vote for your number one and your number two answers.
And then we will have ourselves a definitive list.
So let's put it up on the board.
Here we go over at live.vognetwork.com.
What are your gaming predictions for 2014?
Participating tonight with us, of course, DarkSakura, Loki, VX JasonXV, the voice of the show, myself,
and Alan Alchemy, as you just heard there a minute ago.
Which, by the way, how are you, Alan?
What have you been playing these days?
What does a gaming week look like for you these days?
Lots of Final Fantasy XIV.
Yeah?
What have you been accomplishing in that game?
I'm working on my relic.
Working on your relic?
Yeah.
This big number has been getting bigger.
That's right. Big numbers getting bigger.
Monsters getting bigger.
Fights getting crazier.
All right.
All right.
So if you are logged in, you do have to be a logged in participant over at live.vognetwork.com.
But, of course, we don't ask for your money. It's free.
We don't spam you or any of that shit.
So check that out over at vognetwork.com.
And you guys in the chat can shout out your answers because we may use some of them here on the show,
especially as answers get stolen because sometimes there's duplicate answers and so forth.
So as we did before, ladies first.
DarkSakura, what is your number three pick for gaming prediction for 2014?
Serious or silly? Whatever you want.
World of Warcraft loses over a million subscribers over the course of 2014.
So WoW loses a million more.
Over.
A minimum of a million subscribers over the course of 2014.
Okay. And why do you say that?
Because it's shit.
No.
Come on. Don't hate on WoW. There's still a lot of friends I have that play.
I still like WoW.
I just don't think that the new expansion, even with as much as it kind of had me excited, I don't think it's enough to save it.
It's too little, too late. They're just throwing bones now.
And, yeah, they may get a few lore nerds back and happy.
And I'm a lore nerd.
How many of those books are on my shelves, you know?
And I would probably, you know, play for a week to see the content and then quit again.
So it's just not enough for me.
All right. So there it is up on the board.
WoW loses one million subs over the year.
All right. Let's go to Loki with your number three answer.
Loki, your 2014 prediction. What will happen in 2014, Loki, per your crystal ball?
I would say after Mario Kart 8 fails to sell enough consoles for Nintendo, and I'm talking about the Wii, of course, that they will finally drop the price.
Stolen one already.
You were thinking the same thing?
Oh, absolutely.
You guys, maybe not for that reason, but a price drop is going to happen just because.
You guys are in, like, super pessimist.
Oh, OK. So you think a price drop is inevitable for the Wii?
I think Mario Kart 8 is going to do fucking fantastic, but I think a price drop is going to happen.
Yeah, that's my thing too. I also think Mario Kart 8 is going to do really well.
But why do you think it's going to fail? You just think it's going to fail because there's not going to be the Wii U's out there or whatever?
I think it's just, it can still be a good game, but it's just not going to be enough for people to buy the console for.
I mean, some people might, but it's just not going to be enough to make a huge enough difference to where, you know, all of a sudden it's going to be a 3DS.
Well, it's a good thing we have an elimination round.
The question is, am I being meaner by saying that it's going to drop anyways as compared to Loki?
No, because I do think it will drop in price. I mean, all the consoles will drop in price next holiday. They all will.
And the Wii U will be two years old next year.
Yeah, so, but we'll see. So there it is. I'm going to put it on the board anyway. Mario Kart 8 fails. Wii U price dropped.
Jason, I know you just said he jacked one of your answers, but I got to pick on you now. Number 3, what's your number 3 answer?
Half Life 3 question mark, smiley face, frowny face won't get released.
Half Life 3 question mark, smiley face won't get released.
Won't get released, which is kind of vague because that allows for an announcement.
Or do you think 2014 is going to be a complete information void toilet for Half Life 3 still?
I mean, it already has been.
Hasn't it always been?
I don't expect it to change, but I'm going to stick squarely with no Half Life 3.
Okay, so there it is up on the board. Half Life 3 won't get released up on the board next to duh and of course.
Alright, I'm just kidding, I'm kidding. Alright, my number 3 answer, I'll go next with my number 3 answer.
My number 3 answer, and I know I'm going to have like two of you guys going, God damn it, that's what I picked.
My number 3 answer is Ouya Goes Under. Ouya calls it a day.
I just, I think it's...
You went there?
I went there, I'm sorry, but it's just one of those things that had a huge fanfare and now it's kind of went pfft.
And you know, I realize they're doing great things for indies and all that, but I just...
But Ouya 2, Rob, Ouya 2.
Yeah, Ouya 2 soon, so...
I'm sticking to it. Take it off if you don't agree. Ouya Goes Under. And so I'm going to put that up on the board.
These are some really real talk topics happening here.
This is a gamershateeverything.com edition. Come on, guys. Cheer it up a little bit.
Happy faces. Talk about what you do like.
Alright, they're going to lose a million subs and then they're going to fail and you're still not going to get your damn game and then the company's going to go under.
Alright, Alan, maybe you have a cheerful number 3 answer or maybe you don't, but what is your number 3 answer?
Actually, you pointing that out made me think of something really dark and grim that I wasn't going to say previously.
So, whether or not I say it is...
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. Who wants Alan to go there?
Go there, go there, go there.
One of the big Nintendo godfathers of gaming will pass away.
Stop, that is too soon. No, you can't say that.
Yes, he can.
The Zelda Mario dude, one of them. The Final Fantasy, one of the big 8-bit godfathers.
You are awful and you should feel awful.
They're all like pushing 70, right?
That's not very old anymore.
Well, it's true, but people fall downstairs every day.
At least, let's hope that none of them get hit by a car like what's-his-face.
This is supposed to be a funny segment, you guys.
I wouldn't have thought of it if you didn't point it out.
I'm going to need...
Sarah!
I need everybody to eliminate number three answers.
Wouldn't falling downstairs be kind of ironic in the whole Paul Walker ironic?
Because, you know, they do have to climb stairs at the very end of each Mario level to jump on the goalpost.
No, it would be ironic if he gets kidnapped by a monkey and taken to the top of a skyrise.
That would be ironic.
Alright.
So I'm going to need us all to...
Let's try to make it a little bit happier.
Go on to number two and then we'll just eliminate all the threes.
Alright.
Alright, let's try again.
Your number two...
So far, since I have to read it anyway, the super dark 2014 gaming crash number two predictions list.
Wow! loses a million subs over the year.
Mario Kart 8 fails. Wii U price drop.
Half-Life 3 won't get released.
Ouya goes under and 8-bit godfather passes.
Alright.
Let's go on to the number two happy shiny answers.
Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura.
Stop influencing me.
Alright.
Dark Sakura.
What is your number two answer?
There will be another huge shipping war on Tumblr based on screenshots for the next Mass Effect.
When people are shipping background characters, there will be shipping on screencaps.
And remind us if you do not know what shipping means.
Relationships.
People fucking.
Those are two very different things, actually.
It's fan-driven.
Okay, there is a big annoyance I have with just, oh, these two characters are friends.
They're fucking.
No, they might not be fucking.
But anyway.
But no, it's basically the shipping is going to happen based on screencaptures.
People are going to make assumptions.
Tumblr is going to piss themselves and ship all the things.
So Dark Sakura is number two answer.
The internet will exist is up on the board.
No, no, no.
Rule 34 will continue.
Mass Effect 4 will be shipped before it ships.
Mass Effect screenshot causes shipping war.
I guess I should really change that to say new Mass Effect screenshot causes shipping war.
We'll change that answer a little bit there and alter that on the board.
Alright, Loki, dare I ask, your number two answer.
Hey, I actually don't have a negative one this time.
I was going to say Left for Dead 3 and Source 2 will be out next year.
There it is.
Left for Dead 3 and Source 2 makes its way out next year.
Seems logical.
Why not?
It's going to be really weird when like L4D4, Left for Dead 4 comes out just because numbers.
The thought was because when they announced Portal 2, they made Portal 1 free to download temporarily.
Same with Left for Dead 2 just happened where they made it free for a day just to build up the game.
Just to build up the user base of it.
So, most likely an announcement will be coming soon for that.
I've theorized previously that Left for Dead 3 and Source 2 running for a year will be the testing,
putting the toe in the water that Valve needs to make any sort of announcement on Half-Life 3.
Nope.
Announcement?
Alright.
We did have that conversation.
But that's not even an entry.
That's just...
No, that's fine.
That's fine.
Besides, it's not your turn.
Jason, what is your number 2 answer?
I'm personally ready for L4D20.
Sorry.
Anyways.
Oculus Rift released, 4K resolution.
As opposed to their current expectation, which is 128800?
I was going to say, we know Oculus Rift is coming, but you say Oculus Rift is going to blow something away with resolution and quality and not just current expectations.
It is real fucking life, y'all.
Pretty much.
Oculus Rift.
Real fucking life.
Alright.
Fair enough.
There it is.
Up on the board.
Alright.
That is so funny that you bring up the Oculus Rift, and it is really funny because also in chat, we had SSJ100Matt says,
One of the big three will announce an Oculus Rift type of device.
Well, funny enough, I swear I have this written before the show tonight, but my number 2 answer?
Microsoft jacks the Rift.
What does Microsoft love to do?
They are going to take an idea that's popular in gaming and improve on it best they can.
I fully expect Microsoft to jack the Rift.
I'm not sure improve is the case either.
Why not buy Oculus Rift?
Because for Microsoft to fit that MO perfectly, they usually absorb the technology that they're going to remove.
Oh, they better not sell.
That would be horrendous.
Since it is a dark edition of Listless tonight, I'm going to go to a darker place and say Microsoft's just going to flat up steal it.
I mean, they'll do something, you know, obviously there's trademarks and they can't just steal it.
So, they'll put their own spin on it, but I'm going to say it's, I peg Microsoft does it, and they're going to, it'll be part of the one.
So, it'll be the, not the Rift, but the, you know, the Shift.
I don't know.
I got nothing.
But Microsoft jacks the Rift is my number 2 answer, and I'm putting it up on the board.
Alright.
Alan Alchemy, last but not least, with your number 2 answer.
Nintendo finally brings DS, not 3DS, but DS ROMs to a store on the Wii U, and somehow they make it disappointing.
I love how you had to tack on the, and it's disappointing, just to keep it dark.
Whether it be the price or the games that they actually announce for it or how it plays, they'll do it and it'll somehow still be stupid.
Alright.
Again, another dark answer tonight.
Nintendo brings DS ROMs to the Wii U store and disappoints.
Womp womp.
Alright, there it is, your number 2 answer.
Alright, let's run through the board real quick.
We have new Mass Effect screenshot causes shipping war, WoW loses a million subs over the year, Left 4 Dead 3 in Source 2 is out, Mario Kart 8 fails and the Wii U price is dropped,
Oculus Rift released in 4K resolution, Half Life 3 won't get released, Microsoft jacks the Rift,
Ouya goes under, Nintendo brings DS ROMs to Wii U store and disappoints, 8-bit Godfather passes.
Alright, now it is time for the number 1 answer, the thing you most predict for 2014.
DarkSakura, what is your number 1 prediction?
I've actually been drawing a blank the entire time.
I mean, so I am going to say that an innovation within the video game industry leads to new advances for people with disabilities.
Like maybe Vision for the Blind, they're already working on bionic ocular implants, those are a legit thing now.
Maybe they're working on bionic oculus rift plans.
I need to knock this shit off real fast, I'm sorry.
So an unknown innovation in the video game industry leads to advances for the disabled, I had to shorten that a little bit.
We're already seeing it happen, so I think that something really big is going to happen that's going to turn around a lot of the negative press.
Let's hope. Loki, did you have something to add to that?
Oh, I was just telling Jason to stop it.
Alright, well shut them up with your number 1 answer, Loki. What is the number 1 prediction for 2014?
I've only been saying this the entire year, but I'm hoping that they'll do this because they'll definitely beef up what they have available for the system.
3DS games on the Wii U, using the gamepad as the bottom screen, TV as the top screen.
So you're going to just one-up what Alan said and say 3DS games on the Wii U.
Well, I've been seeing it all year long. It's an inevitability.
Fair enough. You can put what you want. There it is, Loki's up on the board with 3DS games on the Wii U.
He did leave out the point, though, that it disappoints, for what it's worth.
Alright, so there it is, Loki's number 1 answer. Jason, we're over to you. What is your number 1 prediction?
Jesus. Let's go with...
Indie game released to such fanfare, they get signed on to a major publisher for a AAA release.
The release doesn't have to happen, but the groundswell and fanfare has to happen in 2014.
Indie game signed on to produce AAA port of the same game.
I'm going to try to shorten that to say indie goes from indie to AAA in the scope of a year.
That works. Makes sense.
I'm going to say indie game and put that on the board. Any idea what that type of game could be?
A good one.
If you knew it, you'd be a millionaire.
Alright, you'd be a millionaire.
Bochikawa says, so like what happened with Portal? Something like that, right?
Well, yeah, that actually was kind of it because it was that Narbacular drop.
Alright, my number 1 answer. Here it is, it's a long one. I don't know how I'm going to shorten this for the board, but here it is.
My number 1 answer. In 2014, the year of Captain Falcon, F-Zero U is announced.
It's the greatest game ever made and we, you haters, can shove it.
Falcon Punch.
That is my number 1 answer. Falcon Punch.
F-Zero Boner Party.
That's how you condense that down.
Okay. That works. Nintendo's year of Captain Falcon.
That's what they're going to call it. F-Zero Boner Party.
Nintendo's year of Falcon Punch.
Nintendo's year of Falcon Boner.
I will accept that shortening. Nintendo's year of Captain Falcon leads to F-Zero Boner Party.
Fair enough. I like it. It is up on the board as my number 1 answer.
Alright, that means we are down to one more prediction to go up on the board.
Just before we hear Alan's answer, some of the things we see in chat.
Tech 2030 says Nintendo comes out with a 3DS player peripheral for the Wii U.
5th Dream says a Final Fantasy XIV expansion. Game Guru says 2014, the year we predict disappointments in gaming.
Tiger Claw says in 2014, Gabe Newell will announce the release date for the Half-Life movie.
Degenerate Johnny says Nintendo pulls a Disney and starts buying up purchasable third party LPs.
Yeah, IPs maybe.
I think he was saying Let's Plays.
Oh, I got it.
Degenerate Johnny says Hearthstone will remain in beta throughout the whole year.
Womp, womp, womp.
I like the SSJ100 nets. I'm going to get thrown out next year.
You already got thrown out last week.
That's exactly what I said.
But it can happen again in 2014.
Alan, there is one spot left on the list. What do you put in there as your number 1 prediction?
Bethesda confirms and gives an ETA for either the next campaign Elder Scrolls game or Fallout 4.
That's too wide of a net. Which one?
Fallout 4. We've been waiting longer for that.
So Bethesda confirms Fallout 4.
And gives an ETA.
And gives an ETA.
Wasn't there an article about that in the last week or two?
Sounds awfully familiar for some reason.
Yeah, it's going to be probably out in October.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that's a good one. I think that's an E3 given. Absolutely.
Alright, that's alright.
So here it is. Here it is, you guys. Here's what the board says right now.
Innovation in video game industry leads to advances for the disabled.
New Mass Effect screenshot causes shipping war.
WoW loses 1 million subs over the year.
3DS games on the Wii U.
Left 4 Dead 3 and Source 2 are out.
Mario Kart 8 fails and Wii U prices dropped.
Indie game goes from Indie to Triple A in the scope of a year.
Oculus Rift released with a 4K resolution.
Half Life 3 won't get released.
Nintendo Year of Captain Falcon leads to F-Zero Boner Party.
Microsoft jacks the Rift.
Ouya goes under. Bethesda confirms Fallout 4 and gives ETA.
Nintendo brings DS ROMs to Wii U store and disappoints.
And 8-bit Godfather passes.
I got a name from Microsoft's Rift.
What? The Jacked.
Be quiet. Alright.
I thought that was a really good name.
Because you're jacked into the game.
But you know, that is so opening it up to
I'm going to get jacked on my X-bone, you guys.
Yeah, I'm jacking my X-bone.
Duh. Duh.
Alright. Thanks for leading me to the joke that I was already at.
Here we go. A lot of these answers coming off the list tonight.
Because there's five of us. But that's the way it works.
Remember, we have a new rule for 2013 that will carry on into next year.
When a host loses two answers, their remaining answer gets immunity.
So think before you eliminate.
So Dark Sakura, you get to eliminate any one of these you want off the board.
Dark Sakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm not going to say it's not worthy of the list.
But I just want to be a little bit less morbid.
And I'm sorry, Alan, but I'm going to take off the 8-fit godfather.
So nobody else has to.
I kind of thought that was going to go.
To be fair...
Even though it's probably going to happen.
We brought it on ourselves.
He said it was going to be dark.
And we made him do it.
I honestly think it's going to happen.
So I'm going to take it off.
Well, it is stricken from the list.
So we don't have to talk about it anymore.
Lee, you're up next.
I don't know if you can see the board there over at live.vognetwork.com.
But which of these is not worthy of the list?
Only because it doesn't really make any sense to me.
It just seems very uninteresting.
New Mass Effect screenshot causes shipping war.
Oh, new Mass Effect.
Well, to be fair, of course that's going to happen.
She's not wrong.
I know I'm not wrong.
That's a guarantee.
It's too safe a prediction.
And we're too edgy here at OLR for that.
So it is stricken from the list.
All right, fair enough.
Jason, it's a tough job, but that's what we do here at OLR.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
Oculus only has one C, by the way.
That's okay.
Will you strike something from the list?
You want me to strike that C?
I'm striking a letter from the list.
You're striking a letter.
All right, it has been stricken from the list.
Oh, my goodness.
That letter has been stricken from the list.
Shit, there are two very, very good ones.
And which one do I think is less likely of the two?
I'm going to toss out 3DS games on the Wii U.
Oh, 3DS games on the Wii U.
You're going to stick with Alan's more morbid prediction
that it's just the regular DS and it disappoints.
I don't think either one of them has the 3DS plays DS titles,
but definitely not 3DS games on the Wii U, unfortunately.
I would love it. Ain't going to happen.
All right, so it is stricken from the list.
Loki loses 3DS games on the Wii U.
Gone's gone.
All right, my turn.
I get to take something off the list.
I am going to remove from the list.
Sorry, Loki, but I'm coming for you.
You knew I was going to take this one off.
I'm taking off Mario Kart 8 fails and the Wii U price drop.
I think, again, just like the Mass Effect thing,
that's too safe of a prediction.
Of course, the Wii U price is going to drop,
and I don't think Mario Kart 8 will fail.
I think it'll be the second-based game on the console next to Mario 3D World.
So sorry, Loki, but it is stricken from the list.
But that does mean Left 4 Dead 3 and Source 2 coming out,
that gets immunity, and Alan may not remove it from the list.
So, Alan, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Like a panicked engineer with a crowbar in his hand,
Half-Life 3 won't get released.
It's gone.
You are not allowing that to happen.
All right, fair enough.
Sorry, Jason, but again, too safe, Jason.
Good point.
All right, it is stricken from the list.
So there it is, guys.
That was a very tough process.
It was like pulling teeth, but here we go.
The answers you have left to vote for.
Innovation in video game industry leads to advances for the disabled.
WoW loses a million subs over the year.
Left 4 Dead 3 and Source 2 are out.
Indie game goes from indie to AAA in the scope of a year.
Oculus Rift released at 4K resolution.
Nintendo Year of Captain Falcon leads to F-Zero Boner Party.
Microsoft jacks the Rift.
Ouya goes under.
Bethesda confirms Fallout 4 and gives an ETA.
Nintendo brings DS ROMs to the Wii U store and disappoints.
Those are some hefty choices, you guys, but you can vote now.
Now, some of you might be thinking, oh, all of those are going to come true.
Well, you're going to click on your number 1 and your number 2.
Remember, the first one you click is your number 1,
and the second one you click is your number 2.
Those are the ones you like the best of those answers that are up on the board.
So have at it.
It is now live, and you can vote for the next few minutes.
They're at live.vognetwork.com.
It is a live poll, and you may now vote.
And we will tally up those answers and read the answers here in just a little bit.
All right. Good times. Good times.
A little morbid, but that's all right.
I think we cleaned up the list pretty good there at the end, so it's a little less morbid.
We've got a few more stories for you guys, though, before we get to the answers
and the FUs of the week and all that good stuff.
So, Loki, why don't you start us off?
Thank you, Alan, by the way, for participating.
We'll let you know if one of yours wins.
Okay.
Just in case you wanted to check it out, there's another Telltale series that's free to try.
At least they have the first episode for free right now, The Wolf Among Us.
And you can get that free on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I'm not sure how long it's supposed to be free for, so better act fast.
And they're also doing discounts for some other stuff for the end of the year.
They've been marking down stuff, I think, all the way up through New Year's, so go check it out.
I've heard a lot of really good things about this game.
This is another one of those, I should have played it in 2013, but oops, I didn't.
So, yes, I'm very curious to check this out.
Wait, wait, before you run away, Alan, don't you read?
You read a lot of these graphic novels and stuff.
Are you familiar with the fables that the Telltale ones based off of?
I have the first three volumes in The Office, so yeah.
Are you going to check this out? Are you curious about this game?
It depends on what spoilers it has for the comics,
because I'm only on volume 3 of the trade paperback, and they're on, what, volume 30.
So I checked it out four years ago and haven't touched it since.
Uh-oh. All right.
They can still mark it for download, you know, just in case.
All right, well, you know, as most Telltale games, if you wait a little longer,
it'll probably be like five bucks for the whole thing at some point.
But at the same time, I've been hearing great things about it,
so I don't know how much longer we can wait.
So we'll check that out soon.
All right, Jason, what do you got for us?
A couple months ago, the Mighty No. 9 gang held a vote to determine the design of Beck's Helper Call.
Those votes have been counted, and design number F.
Take a bow. Take a virtual radio bow for everybody but the YouTube listeners,
because I can drive that point home.
Um, design F only won by less than 3%.
Design H came in third, and design E was the close rejection.
I really want to see what, uh, should be able to go see the vote and see what design E is,
because I really, really dig design F.
Very, very, you know, golden blonde hair, predominantly red, kind of lollipop striping.
Very appropriate, but really, really a good design.
Let's see, design F, that's E, this'll probably take me a minute.
So we finally have the primary two protagonists in Mighty No. 9, Beck and Call,
and what each of them look like, their relevant primary color scheme, and so forth.
Uh, she kind of looks like one of those cinnamon candy canes to me with the pink and red striping.
I mean, I know this is a radio show, so I can't really, like, show you the pictures,
but just imagine, like, you know, the whole, like, Mega Man style,
which obviously they're changing just ever so slightly for this Mighty No. 9,
but she's more of, like, one of those cinnamon candy canes with big blonde hair.
I think E was pretty good, too, taking a look at that.
They have the, um, designs, if you go to the second page of the Kickstarter,
there's a link on the article there. It shows the different designs.
But I like the, I like, it looks like she's gonna get something with her ears,
like, she got, like, helicopter ears or something, so that's, that'll be cute.
Those are, uh, oh, jeez, what are those called?
Um, they're, they're basically, like, hair...
I wanna say a hair tie, but that's completely incorrect.
Pigtails, you mean?
It's, it's, it's, it's a, it's a hair tie in a bow, basically, is what's going on there.
Uh, and suddenly my chat is not working anymore, so I can't paste this in, uh, in chat.
No, they got it, and Pochi, Pochi Kawa put it in there, too, so.
It completely stopped updating for me, so I can't even see it.
Um, because tonight is my night of puns,
should I read the, uh, the pun-tastic quote at the bottom of this article?
Sure.
Some of you may have just met Design F, and think it's crazy,
but she's got the numbers, so she's calm now, baby.
That is definitely gonna do it for the news for 2013.
Um, that is the last news article we are reading, uh, this year.
No Mighty No. 9 in our 2014 predictions, but I am very much looking forward to it.
Oh, that's cause it'll happen, it'll be amazing.
That would've been a very safe prediction.
Well, it's, they said it's gonna come out in 2014 when the Kickstarter whole thing happened.
Uh, I think, was it supposed to be 2015?
Ah, it was 2014. Uh-oh.
Maybe Mighty No. 9 getting delayed would've been a good guess, alright.
Number, uh, Style E is like, it's like a cross between Officer Jenny and, um...
Yeah, a little bit.
Oh, what other character am I thinking of? I can't even, I can't even think of a name or a universe to put it to.
They're all cute. Uh, look at, look at the Kickstarter page, look at the vote, these are, these are fantastic designs.
I'm really looking forward to this game.
Yeah, um, according to the Kickstarter page, the digital copy, the estimated delivery is April 2015.
Oh, wow.
Alright, well, uh, it is about that time, we're almost to the part of the show where we're gonna take calls,
but first, we wanna hear from our listeners in a segment we call The Mailbag.
Every week, you guys email us mailbag at orangelaundry.com,
and DarkSakura dives into the mailbag headfirst and finds a few emails that she thinks,
oh, this, this is worth looking at. Let's talk about this tonight.
I like Dee best.
Oh, you're looking at the...
Yeah, I think I really like Dee best.
Why is that?
Dee is like gothic, goth Lolita kinda, something like that.
Exactly, exactly. She's kinda dark and badass.
And I like B2 because it sorta gives me that Dr. Slump vibe.
Mailbag.
Alright, I know you're reading a lot of letters, but there's some letters in our mailbag as well.
And you're complaining about me tonight! Wow!
Wow!
Jamie?
Just a thought such as it is, I presume the YouTube content ID issue won't come to a head
when a major partner channel such as Tabuscus and Epic Mealtime and Vsauce gets taken down for content claims.
Rather, it will happen when Disney, say, issues a claim or has a claim issued on their behalf
against content from one of Viacom's own channels or vice versa.
Also, I'm disappointed that the Mac version of the Stanley Parable requires 10.8.
I'm hesitant to upgrade my OS on my 2009 laptop to even 10.7.
Much less seriously and too wordy, from what I understand, of the plot of Assassin's Creed 4.
I'd like to see them have taken as much historic liberties with their Chanties as with the music of Bioshock Infinity.
Ideally take inspiration from Dinosaur Comics and sing pop songs with babies substituted with Matey.
Everyone's trying to be me Matey, Matey I love your way, Matey done a bad bad thing and so on.
That comes from Robert M.
And that's the YouTube thing.
I'm full of it tonight.
Epic Mealtime is never going to have a content ID against them because all of their stuff is 100% original.
Here's something else to consider. As much as that's how we all want to see it go down,
you all know YouTube has a secret whitelist that nobody talks about.
The people that are on the whitelist aren't talking about it.
But that's why Viacom's not going to have a copyright claim against them ever. They're on the whitelist.
That's what some of the outrage was is because some of these people that we would have presumed were on it,
affiliates, notably, were starting to get screwed by this.
I think Epic Mealtime, Epic Mealtime primary channel will not, but their spinoff Original Gamer,
assuming that's even still a thing, I actually haven't watched it in quite a couple of weeks now.
Original Gamer stands the biggest threat because of their non-original content, non-original video.
But it remains to be seen what changes do and don't happen as a result of the last couple of weeks of fallout.
Next email?
Yes.
Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Was there a name on that last email?
That was Robert M.
Oh, I missed that somehow.
I wanted to share a quick story. I just finished rebuilding my DDR pad for this winter and have been jamming about four times a week.
My legs have never hurt so bad and I'm a hardcore road cyclist. It's a different kind of impact.
Anyway, last night I finished on a heavy nine-step that is lightning steps for half the song.
My legs were jello, so I walked downstairs and completely pulled my left quad.
Now I can barely walk. When people ask what happened, I get a hazy look in my eye and tell them that I pulled a muscle dance into a video game.
You know their typical response? They smile politely and walk away. They don't know what to say. How awkward.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm going to give you a little bit of advice a trainer gave me, but by no means am I a trainer slash doctor, whatever.
When you are done playing DDR, don't walk downstairs, don't walk upstairs, don't do anything more strenuous.
Walk slowly and stretch. Stretch while your muscles are warm and usually you'll avoid cramps.
That's just my experience, but again, I'm not a professional.
I think it's a generally accepted thing out there too. Make sure you always stretch before you play.
No, no, no. Don't stretch before you play. Stretch after you warm up.
If you stretch a muscle when it has not warmed up, you can do more damage to it.
Okay. Fair enough. I can see that because they do say you should walk a little bit before you do like stretching.
Well, here's an example. When I go to the gym, I spend five minutes on a bike or recumbent bike or the treadmill.
Then I do 10 minutes of yoga. Then I lift my weights. So just saying.
But always stretch after you've done doing anything strenuous because then that'll prevent cramps.
Am I getting old or am I just overdoing it? As a 34-year-old, this is my main form of exercise during the non-cycling months.
I'm sure you guys have had DDR injuries, right? Right? Well, actually, you remember the issue?
It's been a long time, but yeah.
I did fall and hit my head on the machine once.
But you remember those shoes that I had that I couldn't do jumping moves because the arch support in my shoes were sending pain.
It sent pain up my feet. And so I would come off of the machine with shooting pain going up both of my legs coming directly from my arches because I already have pretty hefty arches in my feet.
I don't have flat feet. I have the opposite problem. I have really high arches in my feet.
And when I changed from using arch support shoes to using either flats like Converse, All Stars, or the Airwalk equivalent and my Vibrams, that all went away.
So that was my biggest injury with DDR.
But I can tell you that I had pulled, actually torn a tendon in my foot in high school, not high school, in college in Alabama.
And I had been in just a loose brace for the next few years after that, but playing DDR healed it because I made my foot stronger.
To continue with email? You guys didn't have any other contribution?
No.
I did hit my head on the DDR machine once.
Because I don't want to make the guy hurt himself worse.
I haven't played serious DDR in a very long time, sadly. It is what it is.
There's a few people in chatroom, by the way. I def said I twisted my ankle playing DDR twice. Once on a cobalt flux pad. It was rather painful.
So to continue this email, it's almost done.
Loki, I got Surgeon Simulator on Steam sale today. Good grief, it's impossible, but hilarious.
Your loyal turtle in Philly. Serious turtle.
It's a fun game. And yes, it is impossible.
The space one is hilarious.
Okay, so last email.
Hey OLR crew, AZHP here. You get the last email of the year.
Bum bum, you win.
Air. Take a deep breath.
Just wanted to chime in with a few thoughts I had on PAX's diversity lounge idea.
I feel like that by labeling a room as a place to learn about diversity in gaming culture, it's making it seem like it will be the only room where PAX minorities can feel safe and at ease.
It's a hard sell to make a room shoved into a corner feel like you're being, quote, inclusive to people.
I also wanted to bring your guys' attention to the awesome games done quick charity marathon, which you guys mentioned last year on your show.
You guys talked about it after the marathon was over, so I wanted to make sure all the listeners knew about the marathon before it starts.
It runs from Sunday, January 5th through the 11th and will feature some of the best speed gamers from around the world, playing games fast to raise money for the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
I got really into speed running after watching last year's marathon and started learning tricks for some classic games like Super Mario 64, that would be the wall jump, and Ocarina of Time.
Learning each new trick helps drive your time down and it's kind of addicting.
Side note, my best times on the games are 22 minutes for Super Mario 64 and 25 minutes for Ocarina of Time.
There are bidding wars and prize raffles throughout the marathon as well, so if you want to donate money to a good cause, have the chance to win prizes, and watch people completely wreck games that you love in ways you never thought possible, make sure to watch and just search awesome games done quick and it will be the first link.
Thanks for reading my email, hope you all had a happy holiday and have a happy new year, AZHP.
Thank you for reminding me of the charity event, I know Flaco Jones is a big fan of this too, it's an ex-feral and a horde house, watches a lot of this too.
So yeah, these guys are very popular and it's for good reason, and yeah, that speedrun stuff can be addicting. I'm terrible at it, but it's sort of fun to think about it.
Those people are just like, the level of detail that they understand a game's engine is phenomenal to me.
Well, I used to be able to do that when I was a kid.
So I was watching, there's a buddy of mine that grew up in New Mexico that recently moved out to Maine, and I've been watching a lot of the stuff he's been playing.
He knows Spyro, I don't remember if it's two or three, but he knows Spyro glitches, like the back of his hand, and he's getting really really good at getting the reproducible.
He's speedrunning Shattered Memories, even though I don't think there's really, I don't think there's any glitches in it, he just finds the best path and skips through the sequences and cutscenes, the doctor sequences as much as possible, as quick as possible, all that kind of stuff.
And that speedrun is literally just learning the best path to the game, but I revisited some of those awesome games on quick videos from the summer, and somebody was speedrunning Super Meat Boy just Light World Clear, I don't think he did Dark Worlds, but they also got Team Meat in on Skype.
And the programmers of the game didn't, they were shocked that they had never heard of some of these bugs before.
Whether they went and fixed them after the factor, figured out why they're happening, I have no idea, but just the level of dedication that, whether they stumble across it randomly or with skill, completely phenomenal, and everything about that production is so fantastic.
Great charity, great video, great skill. I didn't know they do it twice a year, so I'm definitely looking forward to being able to watch that in a week or two.
Did you know Dan and I actually tried for like an hour each trying to learn the wall jump in Super Mario 64 so that we could get up to the roof and beat the game?
I had heard of that, I don't think I ever tried.
There's videos up, and apparently it's supposed to work in the DS version as well.
I don't have the precision to play that on Mario 64 DS.
Alright, that is it for the mailbag.
Indeed, that is it.
This is also your very last chance to vote in tonight's List List. You're already slackin' if you waited this long, this is your last chance.
Live.vognetwork.com, and we will read the answers here shortly, but first we have the FUs of the week. Here we go.
Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
I feed a pink berry for having peppermint and chocolate because it was so good and I want more, but I've had wine tonight, so no pink berry.
Wine's really good though, do you need any wine flavored pink berry?
No, you know what though they had in Japan last year, Rob? They had muscat grape KitKats.
And they were amazing. My friend who lives in Nagoya sent, you remember my friend Julie, right?
And our friend Krista? Krista lives in Nagoya? She sent Julie a bunch of muscat KitKats and we went through the whole box.
They're amazing. Okay, pink berry, get muscat flavor. Do it.
Alright, Loki, you have some FUs of the week?
I feed my cat who thinks I'm a pillow or something. She's literally an inch away from the microphone.
Alright, Jason, do you have any FUs?
I have nothing against alcohol, but FU do excuses to get smashed at 11 in the morning.
Oh yeah, that's a bit much.
That's what they do to people.
I was like, you're not gonna dog our wine drinking, are you? Gotta be responsible. We always advocate responsibility as well.
My FU of the week goes to, FU did the scare that Alan might be getting sick again and therefore I might be getting sick again.
I was just sick. I don't want to be sick again.
Hey, you should be more concerned for Alan being healthy so Alan can be healthy.
No, I want to be healthy.
So rude.
But yes, it would be nice.
Alan, do you hear this fuckery?
Yes, it would be nice if Alan was healthy too.
Alright, there it is. That is it for the FUs of the week. What are you laughing about over there?
Nothing.
You trying to start some shit? That's what you're trying to do over there.
No, I'm not. But you know what? I do want pink berry right now.
Of course you do.
And I don't want to get sick either.
Alright, that is it. We are done-zo with the question tonight from the listless question there.
I'm just waiting for the answers to load in there and we can tell you what the top answers were.
Here it is, the definitive list. Our predictions for 2014. Here we go.
Your number three answer. Where's Alan? Alan? There he is. Number three answer.
Number three answer. Bethesda confirms Fallout 4 and gives an ETA.
So there you go. Number three is the winner.
Yay.
And I didn't mean what I said earlier.
Alright, don't cough up my mic.
Alright, the number two answer. Here it is. Number two answer.
Nintendo Year of Captain Falcon leads to F-Zero Boner Party.
And the number one answer, the thing that absolutely has to happen in 2014 as voted on by the listeners.
And thank God a shiny happy answer won after the dark places we went to tonight.
Innovation in video game industry leads to advances for the disabled. There it is.
Very good.
We're all nice people after all.
Sometimes. Eventually.
There it is. The definitive list. Again, that is Fallout 4 confirmed. F-Zero Boner Party and innovation leading to advances for the disabled.
There it is. Thank you guys for participating in List List tonight.
We hope to do that again. We have gone too long since the last time we played that game, so we will have to do that again very soon.
So there it is. That is it for the mailbag, the stories.
We are now ready for your calls tonight at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
It is that time to give us a call.
Now I'm going to apologize in advance. We're doing something a little different with the Skype line tonight, and so I'm getting to test this live on air as we're going.
So please bear with us.
But with this setup, we do not have to say goodbye to Loki. He can stay on the line and chat with our Skype calls.
If you want to talk to Loki or anybody here in the studio or give your own thoughts on what happened in 2013 or what you'd like to see in 2014, give us a call right now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. One word.
Meanwhile, some last minute stories, possibly, maybe. Loki, do you have anything for last minute stories tonight?
No, sadly I don't.
Yeah, there's really not a whole heck of a lot going on, is there?
So let me see if we have any Twitter topics. I'm going to try to pull those up real quick here again while we wait for some calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. All one word.
You know, I hope it works.
Do you know they have a new toll-free prefix coming up?
Do they really?
I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
They're just kind of going down the list of all the 800s, eight double digits.
I shouldn't be surprised that they're running out of stuff or whatever.
Considering how dirt cheap it is for anybody to pick one up now, and it's only getting easier.
It's weird that for that reason, it's not weird for that reason that non-phone number based systems aren't coming up. What the hell am I saying?
Alright, we are getting a call, so let's get to it. We are going to go to the phones right now and take a call.
Hi, you are on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Act F.
Hey Act F, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, first of all, did it work?
Yes, it worked. We can hear you just fine.
Okay. Well, I was thinking about Jason's, one of Jason's answers. I think it was number one on the list list.
The indie game going triple A development.
And I was thinking about the My Little Pony fighting game that sees and desists.
Why are you laughing, Jason? You're laughing like crazy over there.
Because this doesn't surprise me, I guess.
Of course you're thinking about the My Little Pony game, right?
Well, I was thinking about that, and now they're working on their own game. Their own original game.
And I was thinking about and hoping that possibly it could get picked up like a big publisher or something.
And get a big release. Something like, well, maybe possibly like Skullgirls.
It was a small release, but then it got big.
I was going to say, to be fair though, Skullgirls wasn't really a triple A title.
I mean, I know it has a lot of fans, but it's not exactly triple A.
I'm not knocking it. I'm just saying. Right?
Well, maybe not that big, or maybe not triple A, but big. Mostly.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
What else? Any gaming resolutions you have for 2014? Or no, we read one of your answers during the Google answers, right?
Yeah, one of my Google... Well, one of... Sorry.
Something beeping over there?
Was that the Power Rangers theme? What was that? Yeah.
Yeah, it was my phone. Sorry.
Well, yeah, you already read my resolutions, and sorry again. Damn it.
Stop texting actdeft. He's on the radio, people.
Well, there we go. Yeah, all my game resolutions are mostly a new PC for gaming, because my current one is good, but not that great.
Mostly the processor is old, so I need to at least replace that.
And yes, Matt, it was a Power Rangers ringtone.
Yes, it was. Alright. Oh, go ahead.
Yeah, my other resolution, the HDTV, is my top priority right now, because I have the gaming consoles, and even the PC, which I have, the video card has HDMI out, so I can use that for gaming, too.
It will probably happen soon, since I'm pretty much saving the money for that.
So yeah, that's mostly what I want to do next year, and of course, my hundreds and hundreds of games on Steam, and not to mention an Xbox. I have the Xbox games that I haven't finished, so I need to get on that.
There's too much to play, but it's not exactly a bad problem to have, right?
Yeah, too much to play in so little time.
Alright. Well, Act F, buddy, we're going to let you go to try and get some more calls, but thanks so much for the call, and have a great new year.
Thank you, you too.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, we're going to open up the Skype line once again for some more calls, over at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word. Skype line's open right now.
I was going to try to get to some Twitter topics while we wait for another call here, if I can.
I want to read a tweet. We had something from YYR, and I want to make sure I got this one, because this is really funny what happened here.
Okay, YYR sent us a tweet here on Twitter, and it says, the number one downloadable 3DS game in Japan this year, Bike Rider DX.
Why? It's awesome. It's $2.99 in the North American eShop. Buy it, OLR.
Alright, and get this. It was retweeted by who? The makers of the game. Look at that. Retweeted by the makers of the game.
So, very cool there. So yeah, I guess I'll have to check that out. I don't know much about that game.
Is it like a site bike? Because that's kind of what it looks like to me, just based on what little I see here.
I'm trying to see if there's some of the pictures here. Looks like a lot of this stuff is just retweeted.
Oh no, it doesn't actually look like a site bike at all. It's more like a little 2D platformer type of thing.
That's kind of cute. For $2.99, I'd try it.
So it's probably a style of game not terribly unlike Trials, where more lean mechanics and physics and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, it might be a little more something like that.
This is a very attractive looking game. I've never heard of this before. 3DS eShop. I know what purchase I'm making in the future.
I was like, I think I might actually have enough left in my wallet now that it's shared between Wii U and 3DS.
Because I put like $10 in the other day when I bought Castlevania and stuff.
Which, I know I don't have to do that, but whatever.
Again, 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, orange on radio, last chance to call the show ever in 2013.
So give us a call and we'll talk. Do I have other tweets? Let me look.
Let's go to other tweets. Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send us a tweet for a future week.
Although I'm going to be real honest, I tend to only see the stuff the day of the show.
S2100matt sent us a tweet.
Nine year an MVP baseball lot lives on through the Latin American mod community with the MVP Carby.
I have no idea what this is even talking about.
I think it's Caribe. Because it was a... I don't know all of the backstory about this because I haven't followed a lot of baseball video gaming stuff.
But it's basically along the lines of a classic MVP baseball game totally modded for newer rosters.
I remember this game that's right and it's been long gone.
So it's been gone for ten years, this MVP baseball, because a licensing deal fell through for them ten years ago.
But things live on thanks to this remake essentially that's on the PC which is a celebration of Latin American baseball.
That's pretty cool.
Okay, now I get it. I have heard of this game before and you can check that out.
So if you like your baseball, Latin American baseball, you can check that out.
Let's see, trying to find some other tweets here over at Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Gemet Hunts tweeted us earlier this week and put, or actually it was just yesterday, saying,
Oh God, Sky, O-L-R, I got started on Tiny Death Star this week and also, yes, I know I'm a bit behind on shows.
That's fine. Not everybody can listen the week of the show.
But I was just going to say, I finally quit Tiny Death Star just before they put in the holiday stuff.
So I'm glad I got you hooked on a game that I quit.
Play the Doctor Who game instead. Damn it, Brad.
Brad was telling me about that game. Is it? How much is it on iOS?
Free.
I like that.
It has the stupid transaction thing again.
But, um, you don't need any of them. I haven't ever used any and they give you freebies all the time.
All right.
I think I've just, uh, I've been replaying levels actually to unlock characters until I got, uh, the Sontaran Butler.
And I can always forget that guy's name, but like I have River Song now. I'm very happy.
All right. Uh, I'm going to give one more shout out for the Skypline and see if we get anybody.
That's weird. No, everybody's, everybody's shy here on the last night of the year. 1-8-7-7 Game O-L-R or username.
I was worried that the setup didn't work because I have things run differently tonight, but, uh, Act Def got through. So I know it works.
No, I think that they're being reflective on the year.
They're just being quiet and pensive on the year? Perhaps?
I think so.
So there's a, there's a lot of Doctor Who games that all have subtitles. Do you know what the subtitle for this particular one is?
Crap. Let me look it up because I have my hand.
I'll do a couple other quick tweets if I can real quick. Um, there was a tweet. This was, I remember this email from last week.
I don't know if you guys remember this email last week from CK Ender who was kind of giving us another perspective and I believe it was the email on the NSA and it was kind of making us think differently about that.
Well, CK Ender sent us a tweet and said, thanks for reading my email and giving it a fair shake. Great show this week.
Hey, you know what? Well thought out opinions. We're always, I'm always for presenting both sides of the story. So I'm all for that.
Uh, let's see. We also have another tweet from earlier this week from Dave Falcon who said to the OLR gang, Sky, Loki and Dark Sakura, hope you and your families have a great Xmas and best wishes for Happy New Year.
Well, thank you very much. Same to you.
That was kind.
That was very nice. All right. And Tiger Claw sent us one more tweet again. This is the last call for calls.
I can't believe nobody's going to call in last show of the year except Act Deft. Are you guys going to let Act Deft have the final word this year?
All right, 181.
I think Act Deft has earned the final word.
877 Game OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Uh, Tiger Claw 305 sending us a tweet here and this is probably the last one for the year.
Porn discovered on 3DS purchased as Christmas present for 8 year old.
I saw that.
I can't believe this didn't make it in the show role. I even came across this this week and meant to put it in.
Here's why I don't necessarily like.
That was probably a bad choice of word.
Well, this is why I don't necessarily like talking about this article.
This really at its core has nothing to do with gaming.
It's just shithead moves giving all of us a bad name.
And I'm not saying you can't put porn on your 3DS. I don't care. Put all the porn you want on your 3DS.
Get rid of it if you're going to sell it to a third party because A, you want to get rid of your personal data.
B, what if that's you in that porn?
Most companies have a protocol for removal.
Which this company should have done.
In words and not in execution.
Yeah, but during the Christmas season.
But is it, oh, it is a link to a local news story.
Of course it's local news.
I gotta bring it up here. I gotta see how the local news.
If you guys aren't going to call us on Skype, then we're going to entertain ourselves here.
You know what's worse?
My local news.
I actually recognize the station.
It's Colorado's local. Denver's local NBC.
Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Well, let's see here. I'm going to try to bring this up here in studio real quick.
Again, I did not screen this, so we're going to take a look at this.
We're doing it live.
Yeah, fuck it. We'll do it live.
All right, let's see. Where is it? Where's the story?
Oh, here it is. Wavy?
Davey Wavy News 10 reports on this story. Here it is.
W-A-V-Y 10 on your side.
Wait, what? That's not...
That's what it says. I was going to say W-A-V-Y is not out of Colorado. Is that out of Hampton, Virginia?
I don't know what Twitter tweet you saw.
Oh, I went back to the previous years.
Okay, never mind. Proceed.
You all right over there, Jason? You're malfunctioning.
No, I just followed the wrong link.
All right, let's go to this sensationalist local news report and take a look.
I'm hoping there's not an ad here in the front.
Of course there's a...
They want... It's a hilarious local ad for a car place that's selling tires with Santa shaking his butt there.
Oh God, I know which part of Virginia this is. I've been here. All right, here we go.
A family in Hampton finds sexual images on their son's new gaming console.
They bought it for Christmas. Their son was the first to discover the disturbing images.
10 on your side's Jason Marks is investigating...
And they bought it for Christmas. I just... The way she singsong that really disturbed me.
Jason?
Anita, that's the question everyone is asking. How could porn get on a newly bought Nintendo DS?
How do people put things on memory codes?
How does porn get on something connected to the internet? How does that happen? That blows my mind.
Jamie, how does porn get on an internet-enabled device?
Because someone owned it before.
Oh. Well, why did Channel 10 have to invent... All right.
Because they're stupid.
Well, to be fair, we haven't seen this the whole way through.
No, they're stupid. I looked at it. They're stupid.
They're great for us playing this clip on the show.
A gift that was meant for an 8-year-old.
Normally he would be asking to play on his DS and hasn't yet.
Sure. Any kid who just got a Nintendo DS Christmas morning would be chomping at the bit to play the system.
But Tom Mayhew's 8-year-old son got an eyeful just after opening his gift.
Later on during the day, he went to play his games, not knowing anything was on it.
And then after a while, they took a picture of themselves, a couple of the kids that were here.
And when the picture was taken, it went to a file.
When that file was opened, there was already pictures on it.
Not just any pictures, images the Hampton 8-year-old should never see.
It was a shocker because we had quite a bit of the family over, so there was a lot of kids here.
And the kids were the ones that discovered those pictures.
To be fair, I'm going to try to be Devil's advocate a little bit here, although it's difficult.
But I mean, I can see where it's not like the pictures are front and center.
They are buried a little bit in the 3DS. You do have to go into...
The story as he's telling it makes perfect sense.
When you open the 3DS, you don't think, oh, I better go in and check all the pictures.
So it makes sense that, oh, the kids took the picture, they went to go look at the pictures of themselves in OMG boobs.
The story makes sense.
And the thing too is they bought it new. It wasn't like they were buying the U-System.
So they claim.
The text of the article...
Well, they bought it from Walmart though, so Walmart doesn't sell U-System.
Walmart does open box.
Walmart will sell a return.
Yeah, absolutely.
Is Walmart a target? I can't remember which one. One of those.
Well, let's see. Because you know if it's 10 on your side, they're going to go to the store where the manager will refuse to give comment.
Because that's what always happens in these stories. So let's see what happens.
Or there will be a corporate statement and they'll have the text come up on the screen with the little image of the letter in the background because that's how the local news works.
So let's see if my prediction holds out here.
Mayu says the DS had a dozen pornographic pictures. Now he wants to know where they came from.
Well...
Why don't you ask the lady?
Well, they could have been internet porno, who knows.
...for them to really even be on there. It's disgusting for one. It seems weird that this was the only thing left on it.
Mayu first thought it was a Nintendo mistake, but now he has another theory.
It's a big mistake.
It's important to note that people will think that. They will think...
They're dumb.
Well, it's not that they're dumb. They just don't know better. There's a big difference.
They're ignorant.
What was interesting about this before... I immediately discarded this when it said pornographic.
But it is known that as a part of QC testing, assembly line workers will take pictures of a unit of themselves or something along the line to make sure that the camera in the batch of systems works.
There's a compendium of pictures from iPhones and iPads, iPods, all that kind of stuff, of Chinese factory workers because they're QC-ing the camera during assembly.
But not 12 pictures of boobs.
Yeah, this is a very different situation.
Plus, if you could see the video, they look like internet MySpace blingy images that have boobs. I mean, that's what these things look like.
I can't totally tell through the boobs, but this doesn't look like basement...
What's even more interesting about that is that means they were downloaded from a site because the DS doesn't have the ability to make those kinds of effects when you take a picture.
These were not pictures. Yeah, you can save things, save images from the browser to the SD card or what have you, but it's interesting. It wasn't pictures...
It wasn't made by the DS alone. It was actually connected to the internet.
Sorry, I let it keep playing. Alright, let me let this finish here.
And those things were not deleted from it, so it wasn't a new product. It was a used product.
Mayu tells us the pictures were time-stamped in early December. He bought the system here at the Hampton Walmart at 23rd.
Here we go. 10 on your side called the corporate office, and we're still waiting to get a call back. As we wait for answers, a father has come up with a question.
Oh, so they didn't even get a comment yet. They just called the corporate office and no letter yet. Well, what's Walmart going to say to that?
Oh man, clearly an employee was putting boobies on our 3DS. Here's a gift card. Let me let this finish.
Mainly is what is my youngest son thinking about those pictures being on there?
Dad plans to soon have the talk with his son, a conversation he thought would only come several years from now.
He's an eye-opener. Why would those even be on there?
Mayu says he found another clue that could show that there was a return system. The Nintendo DS comes with parental controls that require a password.
On his DS, the parental controls were already set up, password included. As I mentioned, we're still waiting for Walmart to call us back.
I don't remember going through that stuff.
Walmart sold a return system as new. That's what they did.
Yeah, alright, fine. Thank you. Thank you, Davey Wavy News for the clip there.
Well, to be perfectly honest, I think that especially if that was just a re-boxed return, then yeah, he's within his rights to, first of all, request a new system and have that sent back.
Because clearly, it's, I'm trying to remember what it is too. You can't sell a used system without marking that it has been used or a refurb.
That goes against, I'm trying to remember because I was reading up on the resale law too, just not too long ago. That has to do with truth in advertising.
I see that at Fry's all the time.
But Fry's will flat out say return. They have a big sticker on it that says this is a return. When you go to any other retailer, it will say refurbished.
In the rush of the holidays, that didn't happen at this Walmart and now they're going to get raked through the coals for it.
Well, I can't think of a company that deserves it more, but still.
Going back to the beginning where this is all at, I hate that these things are considered gaming news because it really has nothing to do with the console.
It has nothing to do, but unfortunately, you heard the guy, this is the reality when stories like this come out, you heard the guy there.
My first thought was it was something with Nintendo. And all of us that kind of know how these things really work, we saw the punchline coming a mile away.
Somebody returned a system that was sold as new. And for all we know-
It should be common sense regardless, but-
This whole thing was probably a prank, if you think about it. The whole thing was probably a setup.
There's probably some assholes watching the news, giggling.
Oh yeah, absolutely. The whole thing is probably a setup.
We showed that little kid some dick.
Which is kind of fucked up in a way.
Our plot twist, it was the news station that returned it with the porn on it.
For ratings.
For ratings.
Trying to make some waves.
I don't think either of those are the case.
What do you think, then?
I don't think it was a new system, and I don't think it was intentional.
But it was a guy that did something, or perhaps not even a guy, but it was somebody that did something with the system and ultimately didn't want it because they didn't want to have to continue to pay for new things, so they took it back.
It was just before- there's a myriad of other possibilities considering it was just before Christmas.
I don't- I'm with you on the fact that this isn't gaming news, and this is just tripe.
If that's even the correct word to use in this situation, but-
This is slow news week news.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, well that is gonna do it. I'm gonna close up the Skype line.
How sad. I would have thought more of you would want to see our new studio cam on Skype, but I guess I'll have to wait until next week.
Act-Def didn't say anything about it either.
He was talking about it in chat.
I would have thought the first caller would have been like, whoa, I can see you guys now, but we thought-
You know, if we get one more caller, I'll even be willing to let it point at me.
Too late?
It will have to be a 2014 enhancement to the show, except Act-Def got a sneak peek because he was willing to call.
We're gonna close up the Skype line, and we're gonna close up shop here at Orange Lawns Radio for the night and for the year.
And thank you guys as always for being here. Thank you for listening to the show.
Thank you for supporting the show all year long, whether you're new this year or you've been listening for the past eight years.
We really appreciate your support. If you like what you hear, please tell a friend or five about the show. Really, really appreciate it.
Spread the word about Orange Lawns Radio. That's all we have, is word of mouth.
I did have a last minute story real quick.
Oh, you do? Okay.
Well, go for it.
Okay. Apparently at the 30th Chaos Communication Congress, which is a hacker con, they demonstrated that they have cracked the Nintendo Wii U game pad controller to allow streaming of PC content to it.
So you can use it almost like Nvidia's shield.
Oh, wow.
And so it's obviously early and a little bit buggy, but they're releasing code up there to make that happen. Apparently they're building tools to allow that to stream stuff on Windows and OS X.
CCC is an amazing collective. They do some fantastic shit. I love them so much. This is great news.
Didn't they also crack the Wiimote?
I don't remember what name went behind that. If you caught the news about the lifting fingerprints off the phone in order to fake out the iPhone 5S's fingerprint sensor, that was also a CCC project.
They are based out of Germany and a coworker of mine has been to a handful of their meetups before. If I ever find myself in Germany, I would love to go.
Alrighty. Some thoughts in our chat room. Ragenator saying, here's a thought on the porn story. What are the odds that a parent, probably the dad, was testing out the system before it was wrapped?
Forgot that the pics were on the system and when the pics were discovered, the parents tried covering their asses.
You know, crazier things have happened in the world, but in this case, I don't really think that's gonna happen.
You know what's interesting?
My finger slipped on the trigger.
Well, the problem too is the date stamp is different. The date stamp is earlier than he purchased it.
That's true. Alright, well anyway, we really are gonna wrap up the show. I don't wanna talk, for the first time in my life, I don't wanna talk about porn anymore.
Alright, that is gonna do it though for another episode.
It's a Christmas miracle!
Christmas is over.
Here you go, kid. Dick. You get dick for Christmas.
Alright, that's it. We're done. We're outta here.
Thank you guys so much for supporting the show, and again, tell a friend about the show.
We're gonna go around and get final thoughts.
Jason, thank you for being here, taking the trek from the Bay Area to be here.
I'm hoping we can at least do one show in your neck of the woods at some point.
It will be wonderful if it comes to fruition.
That's a goal for 2014, one of our goals, a road show. A legit road show, cause we haven't done one in a while.
We haven't done one live since OLR was on live 365. I know we did DDR tournaments. I think that was the last time we did a full on live show.
I think. Don't quote me on that.
I guess the E3s don't count because they were special mini shows during the week and not Sunday shows.
Oh! We did the All Games frat house, as I called it.
But it was the arena lounge thing they had back in all games.
We did do a live show there, during one of the E3s. That would probably be the last time we did a full on show, start to finish, remote.
That was a really cool set up.
It was only a couple years ago.
It was, what, 2006 I think?
Like I said, just a couple.
That was good memories though.
Okay, that's it. We're gonna go around and get final thoughts.
Jason, now is your turn. What's your final thought?
Merry fucking 2014 people.
Good final thought.
Loki via the skype line. Your final thought?
Looks like Grand Theft Auto 5 is becoming the hacker fest as Grand Theft Auto 4 was.
It's supposed to be interesting how they slap the wrists of all these people doing that.
I've been hearing that actually.
What a shock. I am so shocked that somebody has hacked Grand Theft Auto 5. This is so surprising.
We made it so easy. That's the problem.
My final thought tonight is, I feel really good. This has been a really good year for the show.
One of our best since probably, and I'm not really talking quality. This show is always good.
We always try to bring it every week.
But just in terms of the growth of the show and everything, this has been probably our best year since podcasting went live.
So I just really want to thank everybody again for their support and the new listeners we've got over the year.
And just thank you for being a part of our little family here on Sunday nights. Really appreciate it. Thank you.
Dark Soccer, last but not least, the final word of 2013.
I'm actually going to retire reject false icons because Gorillaz is gone.
Did they officially?
I think Gorillaz is officially over because Blur is touring again.
I see.
But I have a new one for you guys.
Think before you speak and think before you type.
Alright. Think before you speak, think before you type.
In other words, don't be an asshole.
That's the number one rule of gaming online. Don't be a dick. Unfortunately, way too many people do it.
Alright guys, we will see you in 2014. Have a safe new year, whatever it is you're doing.
If you are doing any drinking, do not drive. Do not drive. Do not drive. Have your plan to get home.
And don't get married if you drink.
Don't have a Britney Spears wedding. Don't have sex.
Okay, well if you're going to have sex, be safe. Alright, have a great night everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio in 2014. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
