We are nearly a week away from Christmas and there is plenty of cheer to go around.
Read Only Memories has hit its funding goal, SteamOS is here for system builders and hobbyists,
and large scale investments continue to roll in for the Oculus Rift.
This and more on the slightly sickly episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Jason is way too happy in that intro tonight.
Hi everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this December the 15th of 2013, episode number 531 of our program.
My name is Rob Roberts, here to join you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle
with my co-host, say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you DarkSakura or Jamie Summers?
I'm okay.
You're okay?
Been better.
I think you and I are kind of in the same boat right now.
We are recovering from the plague.
Yes, we both have been a bit plagueish this past weekend.
Although I don't think it's the same plague, or maybe it is, I don't know.
But I don't think I gave you cooties.
I wasn't very very sick, but I've just been tired and worn down.
Well, as I think one of the emails we'll get into later, there's like a vog plague going around.
Because I think Jess from Understation Live has something that she gave to Alan.
Alan gave it to me, or maybe Alan gave it to Jess.
I think I got it from Becky.
Or from Dan getting it at work.
I think it's just in general the plague of living in Sacramento, California.
I think finally all that government nonsense is just making us all sick at the same time.
Or it's the cold, because you know us Californians are freaking out about the fact it's in the upper 20s.
I don't live in Alaska, people.
I've been sitting here rolling my eyes for a solid month.
Because seriously, this isn't cold and it's not humid, so you don't get cold with wet wind.
Well, here's a funny piece of that puzzle.
Who's not here tonight in studio, although he's been joining us on and off for the past month.
Not here tonight is Jason, our announcer.
He has the night off, and would you like to guess why he has the night off?
He has the plague.
He has the plague!
And he's from Colorado, and they get like negative 11 billion degrees in parts of Colorado where he's from.
So I don't think we can blame the harsh upper 20s of California on that.
But I'm fairly certain that the whole reason why I haven't been as sick as everybody else has been is because I practically live at the gym now.
Aren't you not supposed to work out when you're sick though? I thought that was like a big no-no.
No. I was reading lately that for people who spend regular, like at least two or three days at the gym a week, tend to have a stronger immune system.
Huh.
So if anything, that would explain why I've only been sick for like a day.
Yeah, but like Extrovert from Hoard House is a big old gym guy now, and he still gets sick a lot.
Huh.
Well, not a lot, but like as sick as often as I do.
I don't know, but I haven't gotten sick nearly as often as I used to before this became a regular thing, so.
Alright, well also say hello to Techmaster Loki is here tonight.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm here.
Well, you don't have the plague.
No, I don't have the plague.
But if people were following along with previous editions of the show, you had wisdom teeth surgery this week.
Yeah, that was fun.
But you're here.
So you made a quick recovery.
Yeah.
What day did you have your wisdom teeth out?
Thursday.
Thursday.
So you're here.
That is only like three days later.
See, it's so different for different people.
Like some people are better like the next day.
Can I go right back to work?
Some people are out for like two weeks.
Yeah.
Two weeks.
Were you one of the ones that was out for like a frickin like two months or something?
Insane for months.
Oh my God.
What happened?
The holes never filled in on the bottom teeth.
So I basically had swelling and bruising for at least two of those months.
And then the pain.
I was on antibiotics for, I was on five different antibiotics.
Was that pre-OLR though?
Cause I don't remember that affecting the show.
Show's been on too long.
All right.
Sorry.
Low keys.
Around 2004.
Oh, then I guess we would have had the show.
Low keys moment.
Sorry.
No, I saw the swelling.
Um, and I can't really chew food.
I mean, I can sort of chew food.
Like I, I've been slowly getting into more solid stuff, you know, because before is smoothies
and soup and that's it.
So today I tried to do French fries from McDonald's and it sort of works.
It sort of works.
You're making it work, I guess.
Um, and then, um, yeah, so I, I'm not like pain medication.
I'm not really taking any unless, you know, sometimes during the night, just because it
makes the swell, the feeling of the swelling go down.
Like right now, like today, I don't feel as swollen, but it feels like it's all swollen
on the inside.
Like, cause sometimes like if I sleep on my side or something, I feel like I bite my cheek
or something.
So I kind of get that feeling right now.
I already had one of the stitches come out.
So I was like, no, sitting there talking.
I was like, there's a string here and it's like, okay, let's not get too detailed.
We want people to keep listening for when we get to the video game talk.
But, uh, I'm glad to see you're doing much better.
It looks like you're just, you're one of those people that made a quick recovery.
So good for you.
Apparently, uh, I metabolize, um, the, uh, anesthesia medicine really fast too.
Yeah.
I was going to say what happened to the, uh, Loki goes to the dentist or whatever video
that was going to be planned.
What happened?
I wasn't really out of it.
You know, I mean, I was a little like, um, tired and stuff like at first cause they,
they gave me Valium to take before I went there, which is good because like I have like
all sorts of unnecessary phobias about like all sorts of, you know, surgical could probably
haven't really done any of that stuff.
You know, I've never had any experience with like having surgery or being put under or,
um, you know, I don't really go to the doctor that often.
So, you know, I get a little nervous around needles and stuff.
I just don't like it.
And I know, I know that there's no real danger to it and it's just, you know, it still makes
me uneasy, but the Valium helped.
So they wouldn't let me stay awake and listen to them.
Um, well the Valium, yeah, the Valium helped and then they, uh, you know, they were going
to put in the IV and I just, I just didn't want to watch that cause I was like, ah, no
thanks.
So I closed my eyes and they gave me the oxygen and that was the last thing I remember.
But then, um, they, I did feel them doing stuff, but not necessarily anything painful.
I just felt them doing stuff in my mouth.
Like, I don't know, work.
Oh, I'm so glad that shit knocks me the hell out.
And then, then, then I woke up and you know, um, you know, they're all trying to like to
help me out, you know, help me sit down.
I'm like, no, I'm not dizzy.
I can walk just fine.
You know, that's not a problem.
So we went out to the car.
I'm like, I'm not really, I'm tired, but I'm not really dizzy or anything.
So yeah, unfortunately it wasn't loopy.
Nellie said I said weird things, but all of those were intentional weird things.
You always say weird things.
I was making bad jokes and that she's like, well, you said this joke.
I'm like, yeah, but I remember saying that and I meant that on purpose.
So, you know, that, that's not just me saying weird things.
All right.
Let me go to the chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the voice of geeks network,
vog network.com.
And if you are listening live on this Sunday night, come on down to the chat room,
live.vog network.com.
We often read comments from chat on the show because it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
YYR starting us off tonight saying, come for the video game talk, stay for the gross medical drama.
Yes.
It's like an episode of VR.
It wasn't that bad.
Now, if I started talking about my hernia surgery that I had a few years ago.
Can we not?
Let's not.
Yeah, that was not fun.
All right.
Way worse than this.
I was awake through that.
Uh, SSG 100 Matt saying don't have rice.
I would say popcorn either.
Either way.
Well, yeah, I know I'm not chewing anything or it's pretty much all liquid stuff right now.
I ate a lot of pudding.
Stuff that I can eggs, you know, like I had eggs last night and those are dull.
They're like the best eggs ever.
Because, you know, after having just smoothies and, you know, tomato bits.
Do you like pudding?
No.
I was going to say, cause you can mix protein powder and my wife wanted me to have like,
she got, well, she meant to get rice pudding, but it ended up being tapioca.
I'm like, no, uh, awesome.
Unicorn is in our chat room saying, man, when I had all four wisdom teeth out, I agreed
to fill in for dinner theater the same night.
That's hardcore.
Cause like having to sing, I would assume dinner theater means you sing.
And like I just saw that vibration would, Oh, no, that's not fun.
I must, that must've been some like non-impacted easy peasy teeth coming out there.
Cause that's too much.
God, I was just thinking back to, I wanted to stay awake so I could watch.
I wanted them to put a mirror so I could watch, but they wouldn't let me, well, they wouldn't
let me watch my hand surgery either because it was too small, but they had to give me
laughing gas to make my, uh, uh, uh, my veins dilate so that they could get the IV in.
And that hand stayed bruised for like a week and a half.
Uh, so we're comments from a chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, Zebediah, the Messiah saying long time listener on iTunes first live show.
Well, welcome.
Welcome to the show.
Yeah.
We've been getting some new listeners, listeners lately, just thanks to it.
Well, I know he said he's a long time listener, but just thanks to, um, Stitcher.
He's awesome.
Unicorn very well.
Yeah.
I don't recognize the unicorn as well.
Who I don't recognize redundant.
I mean, all unicorns are pretty awesome.
The girl at Starbucks.
When I told her that I wanted a unicorn, when she asked if I wanted anything else, she drew
a unicorn farting rainbows on my cup.
I'm a little sticker that goes on my reusable cup.
I kept it.
It was great.
That's amazing.
Uh, and then dark Tetsuya in chat says, I was wondering if there was going to be a show
or not hearing everyone's sick and then Loki having, having his wisdom teeth out.
He, he, he, well, we had to be here because otherwise Zebediah, the Messiah would not
have had a live show to listen to.
And honestly, I didn't know how it, I mean, I didn't know how everyone.
I didn't know how everyone was saying, Oh, you know, you're going to be out for a while.
And I, I didn't know.
And, and hopefully nothing, I mean, so far I think everything's healing just fine.
Who knows?
Like a week from now.
And you know, Oh, sorry.
That just didn't quite heal.
Right.
Infection.
LOL.
I'm taking, I'm taking antibiotics.
Yeah.
So I'm good.
So they give you Keflex?
Uh, no.
Amoxicillin.
And, uh, then I have the, cause I can't swallow pills yet somehow.
Thank goodness that that volume was really small because like I couldn't drink water
with it.
Cause normally I just, I down a little water and salt and stuff.
Draggy lounge radio, everybody.
Hey, this is legal if you've been prescribed it.
But, uh, no, I have, uh, whatever.
It's like Tylenol with codeine or whatever, whatever that is.
They gave me Vicodin.
And then when those stopped working, they gave me horse pill Vicodin.
Like the one that's pure, pure hydrocodone and no other crap.
I just, when I had my gallbladder out, I slept for like a week straight.
That's just what I did.
I let the, you know what I did the first time I left the house after gallbladder surgery,
do you know what I went to do?
I have a gallbladder surgery like two days before Halloween.
Cause it was my ex's birthday.
Hilarious.
But, um, the first time I left the house after that was to go vote against Prop 8.
That was the first time I left the house after my gallbladder surgery.
It was a very worthy cause.
And you didn't vote absentee.
No, I never vote absentee.
I'm one of those people where I'm like, I think absentee for me, I realized tons of people vote absentee and that's cool.
At least you're voting.
For me, absentee takes the magic out of it.
Like I like to go in the little booth, click the, I don't know.
There's just something about that whole process.
I don't like people.
So I vote, I take my absentee, well the voting place is actually, I could walk there in five minutes.
So I fill out my absentee ballot at home with the internet in front of me and then I go take it and drop it off.
Oh, okay. That works.
So I've gone to the place, but I voted, but I voted in a very comfortable manner.
There you go. All right.
Uh, anyhow, uh, before we get into argument weeks and the things we've been playing this week, uh, some other topics here at the top of the show.
I don't have a whole lot in regards to kickoff topics, but we are entering the holiday period.
Um, although we here at OLR, as far as I know, we're going to be doing shows every Sunday.
We're not taking any time off for the holidays cause, um, everybody kind of lucks out this year with Christmas and New Year's being on what, Wednesdays?
I think Christmas and New Year's are both on Wednesday this year.
Like Sunday happens to be like the 29th and so, you know, whatever, we'll be here those days.
Um, none of us are traveling anywhere major, so we will be here through the holidays.
But since, you know, we're starting to kind of ramp up toward that season, I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to have a lot of time off where I'm doing nothing for like a week and a half at least.
Are you guys going to be catching up on any games or do you have any gaming plans through the holidays? Like a wish list of things you gotta get through in the next month?
Well, um, I still have to beat Skullgirls with everybody, which I just started it last night and beat it with Parasoul.
Well, not last night, but the other day.
And I do want to get at least up to a 35 and finish that stupid quest that I'm stuck on.
And that's in 14?
14, yeah.
But, um, I'm still trying to do the play a new game every week thing. So like this past one with Skullgirls, I'm going to start Deadpool next week.
So, there you go.
So that's my goal is just to do something different.
Your one new game a week. I like that.
And then we might, they'll be going to Washington later, so.
Oh, good luck.
Snowpocalypse.
Get lots of pictures of the snow on the way up there.
I will say thank you very much, Loki, before the show.
I hope you don't mind me saying this on the air, but Loki gave some Christmas presents out before the show.
I got a Steam gift card from Loki, and I believe Dark Soccer got one as well.
I did.
So, I'm armed and ready for the winter sale.
That is, when does that start, Loki? The winter sale for Steam?
Soon.
The winter sale was already done. Or is it the fall sale? I can't keep track of these sales.
Well, there's going to be a Christmas, New Year's sale. There always is, right?
But they don't call it Christmas. They call it holiday sale, right?
I think what we just saw was the winter sale, and now there will be the Christmas sale.
Ah, somebody in chat said a straight one.
The winter festival sale.
Live.vlogger.com.
It was the fall sale that they had, remember, because it was fall-spring.
Oh, yeah, it was fall-spring, because the thing was upside down, it said spring.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, I think the winter sale is coming right up.
Yay.
Go ahead.
No, just saying yay.
Oh, yay.
Yay, sales.
Loki, what about your projects? You love to start projects that you never finish.
How's that tablet going?
Actually, because I was actually thinking about that the other day, because I got some more stuff for that.
Originally, I was going to use, it's similar to how they did the cross-plane thing where they had individual circuit boards for each controller,
and it would have hooked up almost like a cartridge that you'd plug in.
So, I bought a Sonic 2 and Sonic & Knuckles Genesis thing.
I was going to rip the whole thing apart and use the connectors on there for that.
But, it's too damn small for what I want to do, and I'm going to need to add stuff to it later on.
So, I'm like, okay, that's not the way to go.
So, the way to go is actually buying this, it's like a USB thumb stick that you plug into your system.
I forget to call it now, but it basically allows you to use almost any controller on any system,
including a keyboard, mouse, on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, PC, and it just works.
You can do that.
So, that simplifies wiring everything a lot more than it was before,
because now I don't have to worry about having to switch between multiple different systems.
I can just wire up one controller to it and then just run it through that,
and it would work on multiple systems instead of having to do all that stuff.
But, no, I'm still consciously working on all that stuff.
I just have to get the parts and figure out the feasibility and stuff to get it working.
Mainly right now is I'm trying to figure out how to make the actual case for all of it,
because that's going to be difficult since I've never done vacuum forming before,
and I had to design the case.
But before that, I was kind of distracted by,
okay, how am I going to get this so that I can wire up different controllers,
configurations, and stuff to one system?
Well, now I don't do that anymore, so that makes it a lot easier in the design process.
But I'm still going to make it eventually.
So, what's your plan while you, because I knew you probably had a little time off of work.
What's your plan during that?
I don't have any time off of work.
Oh.
I mean, you know, like...
The days, but...
Head of days, okay.
I mean, I will have time off of work a few weeks after that, but...
Well, that's for the baby, so...
Well, actually, right now, I've been kind of...
What do I want to play and stuff?
Yeah, I had one game I wanted to really play,
and I was even so kindly after talking such shit about their DLC practices,
I still, despite all of that, supported them in their terrible DLC practices
by purchasing the Season Pass while it was on sale for Saints Row IV.
My reward for that was, fuck you, you're not...
Your save isn't going to fucking work anymore, you fucker.
So that was my thanks.
Thank you, Deep Silver Infelition, for wasting 40 fucking hours of my time,
you know, playing that game, and basically making my save completely useless.
And it's apparently a widespread problem, where not only is it not a save thing,
it's, like, people that bought the DLC, their game's just not fucking working anymore, so...
Oh, that's so frustrating.
It's just... thanks a lot, you know?
I was like, you know what, I just want to play something stupid today,
I just want to play, you know, some Saints Row.
After losing 40 hours in a game, how would you have the motivation to play again?
I'm gonna cheat like a motherfucker, is how I would do that.
But, see, that's the thing that was like, I don't even want to grind through,
even cheating like crazy to make it super easy so I can just get through all of it fast.
I don't even want to do that.
Why should I even put myself through the effort to, you know, play this game
when it's so obviously broken that I just... I can't... I can't do it.
And it's just, it's not gonna be worth it for these DLC missions, which, let me be honest,
they're probably about 30 minutes long each, if I'm lucky.
And so, I just don't know if I want to do it.
Yeah, I would like to go back and do it, but I wish my save would work just fine,
because, I don't know, it was fun, and it's definitely not mods,
because I've uninstalled... I deleted the whole game off my computer,
redownloaded everything, no mods are in there, it still fucking doesn't work,
so it's just something with their game, and it's disappointing.
Alright.
But, yeah, I don't know. I tried to figure something else to play.
For me, I kind of want to do the Jamie thing and try to do some new games,
although with Final Fantasy XIV getting a patch this week,
I'm obviously gonna dump a lot of my time into that,
but I'm trying not to spend my entire vacation,
because my work actually shuts down between Christmas and New Year's,
like, we have to take the time off, so I have lots of time off to do very little,
because, you know, my family doesn't do an awful lot on holidays.
You can hang out with me.
You can absolutely hang out and do stuff.
Go to Ikea every day.
Every day. Well, things should hopefully slow down a couple days after Christmas,
which is the period that I've got all this time and nothing to do.
I might finally crack and get the PlayStation 4,
because the finances are looking pretty good now,
so this might be the time I finally do that.
Well, you know, and I understand if you're still hesitant about picking up the PlayStation 4,
because there aren't a lot of games out there,
there is one game that's on current gen systems that would take up a good portion of your time.
Let me guess, does it start with Grand and end with a 5?
Yes, it does.
Actually, I was looking to see if it was on sale at Target when I was there the other day.
Amazon, $39.99.
Is it? I might jump on that. I really might jump on that.
We just put out the level creator this week, so I got working on that a little bit.
By the way, you know what I saw 5 of at Target in Roseville last night?
Xbox Ones.
Yeah, I saw it. There were plenty at the ones here in ESAC, too.
Dan's like, you want to get one? I'm like, no.
I'm kind of surprised.
I mean, you'll get one eventually.
Maybe.
It does have Killer Instinct.
Don't care.
I'm just saying, just saying.
It's just like, you know, there's not a lot I would play on it.
Even the PlayStation 4, either of the systems, there's not a lot I would really do.
We have no reason to look at either right now.
I really don't need a PlayStation 4 right now,
but knowing that after seeing the Final Fantasy XIV footage with the remote play,
I'm like, oh, God, at least I know a date now.
Exactly, exactly.
And, by the way, we just picked up Star Fox 3DS last night because we had coupons.
And Dan's all over that one.
So I was like, we've got plenty to play right now.
And Dan has a villager in Normandy.
You can go run by his tent now that Normandy is open.
The other big games I have to beat are Mario 3D World and Zelda Link Between Two Worlds
because I do love both those games a lot, probably in my best of the year, for sure.
I keep getting distracted with all these other games I'm trying to play, too,
so I definitely want to play those games and beat them.
Probably inevitably during the winter sale, BioShock Infinite will be on sale,
and I can finally play and beat that, and then I'm hoping I can get...
I think it's still on sale now. It's been, like, dirt cheap, like 10 bucks.
I bought mine ages ago for dirt cheap.
I'm hoping I can get The Last of Us and Beyond Two Souls from the rental company
over the holidays as well. That would be fantastic.
Or Zelda Wind Waker is on my list, too, because I've got to catch up with that.
We've actually got Ocarina for 3DS on our list. Dan and I do.
Wow. All right. Go into our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Awesome Unicorn says, Resogun made the PS4 purchase worth it for me.
Yeah, that's one of the games I'm really eyeing. I definitely want to get that.
Fifth Dream said PlayStation 4 is worth it for Doki Doki Universe right now.
I don't know a lot about that game. I've heard of it.
YYR says, a friend who works at GameStop said today that PS4s were sold out in 10 minutes,
but Xbox Ones were in stock all day and didn't sell. He had no idea why.
Yeah, I'm hoping that if I do want to get a PlayStation 4, I can actually get one.
That would be really great.
Let's see. Raginator says, Skye, technically no one actually needs any games or system.
People need food, water, shelter, oxygen, etc. The question is, do you want the system?
You don't know my addiction, Raginator. I need it.
Valid smartass point that I would have made.
Intervention.
Anyhow, let's talk about the games we have been playing this week.
Not what we're looking forward to, but the things we've actually had our hands on this week.
I know I've had a few. I don't know about you guys.
Dark Sakura, starting us off.
I'm not playing Animal Crossing right now.
Yes you are. Why are you lying to the listeners? Don't lie to the listeners.
Normandy's open. Everybody come hang out.
I've been playing Zelda, A Link Between Two Worlds.
Your hubby made a house in Normandy, right?
I made him a house in Normandy and he said he would play.
So I just got him started off and picked one.
So he has a shack.
Because I am the mayor. No, he has a tent.
Because you start off with a tent.
Because I am the mayor, I decided where his house was going to be because city planning.
And I gave him the rules.
Do not walk on the grass. You can walk on the path.
First thing he does is run through my lilies.
Fucker. I love him.
So yeah, I'm also playing-
I love that asshole.
I'm also playing Zelda.
I...
What else did I play?
Oh yeah, I played Skullgirls, which I really like.
And finally got to-
For some reason it doesn't work very well with the Capcom fighting controller.
But it works just fine with the regular Xbox 360 controller.
So that's what I'm using.
I loaded the Shiva and then I stopped playing it.
I've probably done five more playthroughs of the Stanley parable.
And I got the Portal ending.
Did you get that yet?
Oh, Rob just shook his head.
Yeah, basically, if you keep going through the wrong door-
Stanley parable is on my holiday list.
Because I own it. I bought it on the sale, but I haven't played it yet.
Okay. Well, just remember that going through the wrong door is an option.
Because I don't want to ruin it for you.
But I got dumped into Portal.
So that was pretty funny.
Oh, sorry.
What else did I play? Because I played other stuff too.
I tried to play more Bust-A-Move Universe.
It really is not very good.
I want to like it so much.
Because playing it on my phone is freaking awesome.
But playing it on the 3DS is not awesome.
It's nawesome.
Oh yeah, I've been playing a lot of Bejeweled on my phone.
Because that's my I-really-need-to-get-sleepy game.
And I like the music in that game. I can't help it.
It does kind of have New Agey, Philip Glass type of soundtrack to it.
Oh, I love Philip Glass. But the one on the phone?
It's like this epic type music.
It's kind of almost like...
Like whenever you see Ancient Mesopotamia, that type of music.
Like you're watching Ben-Hur or something.
Epic movie trailer of epicness?
Epic. It's epic.
And then I played more of...
Fractal.
Do you have Fractal?
No.
Fractal? And you're going to live with it.
Sweet.
Fractal is a great game.
Free games rule.
So I'm ruining one of your presents.
Do you have Fractal yet? You need to play Fractal.
Fractal? I probably do.
Fractal is like the best puzzle game in the universe.
It makes me super happy.
By the way, for anyone who just showed up, Normandy is open.
Okay, that's probably about it.
I didn't play any Final Fantasy this week. I played last week.
Which is how I got harassed for my name.
And everybody go on the VOG website and read my article.
Alright. There you go.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played Grand Theft Auto Online.
I ended up in a lobby with a modder or hacker or whatever you want to call them.
Whatever the case may be. I ended up level 40 and I have 13 million dollars now.
So that ain't bad.
And then I messed around with the content creator a little bit.
And tried to make a race and it turned out okay.
I guess you can stack objects.
There's like a trick where you can stack objects and make them float in the air.
Which is kind of what I wanted it to do in the first place.
But they made it so damn difficult to do that.
So I just kind of, you know, didn't mess with that part too much.
But there's some pretty neat stuff out there.
Unfortunately the one track that someone used as an example, like a floating racetrack, really sucked.
But I did play it.
There's some other ones.
It was where you're jumping over overpasses with cars with giant ramps.
That was kind of fun.
But I like the way it integrates in your game and stuff.
You see the waypoints on there but they're orange instead of blue.
And you can go on Social Club and basically bookmark any stuff that you like on there.
And it will show up in your game and you can play it and do all sorts of fun stuff.
So right now they have just the race and deathmatch creator.
But I guess more stuff is coming out later on.
And then what else did they play this week?
Oh! Some other strange stuff for a little unusual I guess for me.
So we were bored and I was trying to occupy Josh.
So I tried to get him to play Wii Sports.
That didn't work because he didn't want to play it and he wanted to watch me play it.
So I showed him bullying.
So I played a little Wii Sports this week.
And also played a little bit of Rabbids Go Home.
He thought that game was a little bit funnier because the Rabbids are being stupid and gathering trash.
He still didn't understand.
Those games are kind of made for kids too.
Yeah, exactly.
He didn't understand why the rabbit was screaming at people and their clothes were falling off and they were collecting clothes.
And he was worrying that their shopping cart was going to tip over because it was stacked really tall with all sorts of weird things.
So that was kind of funny.
He's like, you've got to be careful. Don't turn so fast.
So that was kind of funny.
And then what else did they play?
I think I played a little bit of Just Cause Multiplayer just getting in the last little bit of their beta.
That should be launching actually tomorrow.
So I'm looking forward to that.
I'll be coming out on Steam.
Worthwhile investment if I see so myself.
And then what else did I play?
A little Call of Duty I guess at work.
There's nothing really else to play there.
And that's pretty much it for right now.
But hopefully we'll get into some Saints Row.
I don't know if I want to go back.
It's sad.
You're just frustrated.
No seriously, it's sad.
Games like Saints Row 2 and stuff, I really like going back into those and playing them again and stuff.
But it's just the last couple of games they put out.
Like even Saints Row the Third, I think I played through that at least two or three times.
I just don't want to do it again.
I don't want to go through all the hassle because it's like, I've already seen that joke.
It's funny.
Maybe, maybe if a certain other host that was on this network would pick up a copy.
Then it might be worth it since I have to start from the beginning.
We could go through together and play through a co-op campaign.
Then I can also get those extra achievements I don't have yet.
Alright Travis Donovan, I hope you're listening.
Or Bobby.
Okay, my gaming week. I actually played a lot of random shit this week.
I powered on my 360.
I've never heard of a lot of random shit, Rob.
It's a new game. It's by Random Shit Co.
So I powered on my 360 this week, which is like the first time in like four months.
I turned it on and it had to do a...
I seriously think the last time I played my 360 was when the Mass Effect DLC came out.
Sure it wasn't Forza Horizon.
Maybe one of those. No, because the DLC was after the Forza Horizon stuff.
That was like, Forza Horizon-a-thon was back in like January, February.
And then what? When was the Citadel DLC out?
That was out over summer, right?
Yeah, I think so.
That was probably one of the last times.
I maybe turned it on once after that for Mass Effect multiplayer, but that was really it.
So I turned on my 360. It had to do a dashboard update.
What did they change? I didn't notice anything was different at all.
Jack shit.
I'm assuming the integration with Xbox One or something.
I don't remember.
Do your friends list expand on 360 now too? Because Xbox supports a thousand friends?
No, because all I see... I don't see what you're playing on Xbox One.
All I see is that you're on Xbox One. I don't see what they're doing.
Which is kind of weird because you could do that on PC.
I remember you used to see what people were playing on PC.
But no, they don't have that integrated there.
So no, I don't have more than 100 people.
Weird.
Well, I have 99 friends right now, so find my username if you want to be the 100th person.
You have 99 friends, but so-and-so ain't one.
Yeah, somebody dropped me this week. I don't know who because it won't tell me.
And BlackWolf confirms, no it doesn't.
Well, that sucks. I was hoping for that expansion, but oh well.
I admittedly haven't played a lot of 360.
I'm not being a hater. It's just nothing new I've really bought on 360 lately.
But I went back and visited some of my classics because I have a shit ton of downloads.
Especially from Xbox Live Arcade when Xbox first came out.
There's all that free stuff still, although...
Yeah, I've been checking some of that out.
But I went back and I played Gyruss, I played Tempest, I played Time Pilot.
I played all those old arcade games that were available.
Somehow I didn't play Game Room. I'm surprised I didn't.
But you know I love my classic games.
Played some...
And they love you.
As they should.
Played Spelunky, which came out on PlayStation.
It's been out on PlayStation Network. It came out on sale big time this week for like $375.
So even though I owned it on PC, I loved it well enough that I bought it again on PlayStation Network.
And I don't regret that decision because it's cross-play.
So I got it on PlayStation Network and my Vita.
So like anywhere in my life now I can have Spelunky.
Hold on, I'm gonna sneeze. Help.
Blessings be upon you for the mucus coming from your nose.
That was weird. It was one of those like, you're gonna sneeze, you're gonna sneeze. Just kidding.
Oh no!
Radio host's worst enemy. Sorry about that. And it's live. Nothing I can do about it.
No, imagine being in customer service and having that happen when you're trying to...
Oh, I'm sure. I was in customer service for seven years.
No, no, no. When you're trying to explain one's mortgage interest to them while they're yelling at you.
You see where this spot is right here. That's where...
Anyway, let's see. So I was playing Spelunky on now PlayStation Network.
Which, you know, literally it is the exact same game as it is on PCs. There's not a lot I can report on.
I did play it on Vita. It looks great, although it's so tiny and it's hard to read things.
But it worked well enough, so I'm cool with that.
And then I played one other game. And this game, I know I'm gonna get shit for my opinion.
Because I didn't really get it. And I have a lot of friends that are really, really into this game.
But I'm gonna be completely honest. I loved the presentation of this game.
I loved the way things looked, and I was really cracking up.
But when it came down to the game itself, I just really didn't have a lot of fun with the Wonderful 101 on Wii U.
And I know I'm gonna get crap for that, but it is what it is.
When I first started playing it, I was like, oh, this game is really funny.
And you kind of expect that from Platinum Games. Bayonetta was over-the-top hilariousness.
And there's a lot of that stuff in Wonderful 101 as well, so I was really into it.
But then when I actually played the game, I was kind of really getting frustrated with stuff.
So the gist of it is that you control an entire group of people.
And you pick up more people as you're running along.
And those people can be in different patterns.
They can be in a circle to turn your main guy into having a giant punching glove type of thing.
Or it can be a straight line for a sword.
And then at some point, when your group gets big enough, you can kind of have both going on at once.
And then you also draw lines to get from place to place.
But I was having a lot of problems with camera angles and not being able to see some places I wanted to go.
And there was this one part of the game where everybody gets under a giant football helmet.
Well, that football helmet was taking up the entirety of the screen. I couldn't even see where I was going.
So I had no idea what was going on.
So weird little quirks like that were just weird to me.
And again, trying to find some things I was supposed to be doing, it wasn't very intuitive.
And I guess the game is supposed to be very challenging, which I can respect it for that.
But it was a lot of slash slash like a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles arcade game with this interesting mechanic.
So mash and slash and hope you get it right?
Yeah, kinda. That's what I felt when I was playing the game.
And so I feel kind of bad for razzing it because again, it had a great setup.
And everything was in this really cool package and the presentation was awesome and it looked great.
But yeah, the game itself, I just didn't really have fun with it.
So I don't know. I feel like this is one of those games that if I revisited it a month or two, maybe I'll enjoy it again.
But I didn't really care for it.
Well, you're entitled to your opinion.
I am. I am. And I know I'm going to get emails telling me I'm wrong.
Whatever. I thought it was Pikmin.
I mean, I don't know.
Not really.
Beautiful Pikmin.
No. No, it's not.
All right. So that was really it for my gaming week.
So I might try to get into that game like one more time.
Keep in mind, that was the game I played when I was sick.
So that could have been like kind of. But I'll try it one more time after I feel better.
And if I still don't care for it, I'm probably going to send that one on back and get something else.
But anyway, that's really it for my gaming week.
So anybody else?
Pizza.
Pizza. Pizza. You bringing me pizza?
No.
All right. Let's see. Some quick housekeeping.
By the way, you better bring out your DS so that I can get the last piece of the puzzle I need for the Rhythm Heaven puzzle.
Your thing has a street pass with me yet?
No.
Should have. Weird.
No.
Okay. So don't forget to follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And we're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio and Google Plus.
Google.com slash plus Orange Launch Radio.
And as far as shows off over the next few weeks, we don't have any planned.
We will be here Sundays through the holidays.
So thank you for tuning in and being here for those shows.
A couple other quick things I should mention.
I haven't given this enough coverage on the show.
But I do want to make sure you guys know that over at vognetwork.com, there are monthly raffles we're doing now.
And every time you get a point on the site, you get an entry into the raffle.
But you do have to opt into the raffle. You're not just entered by default.
So you actually need to go to vognetwork.com, click on raffles, and actually enter the raffle.
This month, we are giving away a $20 gift card to an online source of your choice.
Meaning, I think the options are Xbox, Playstation, Steam, Wii U, and regular Wii.
Because those are still separate.
And then I know iTunes is in there too for people who don't even have any gaming consoles whatsoever.
Google Play probably.
I don't think Google Play was one of the options, but it probably should be.
I'm pretty sure if you came in and said, I really don't want any of those, I want Google Play.
I'm pretty sure we can make that happen for you.
So that is over at vognetwork.com slash raffle.
So check that out.
And you can either check in live, and you get five points just for listening to the show.
Or if you're listening on the podcast feed, there's a passphrase hidden somewhere in the show.
And you've probably heard it before.
Jason interrupts the show at some point and says, to register participation for this week's episode.
And then he gives you a little passphrase.
You go to vognetwork.com, you type that in the front page, and you will get your points.
But make sure you opt into the raffle if you want to win your $20 card that's not Google Play.
Just kidding, yeah.
Is Bobby in chat?
Bobby, can they have Google Play?
If they really want that more than anything, can they have Google Play?
I'll need to hear back from Bobby.
Vogmaster Bobby in just a minute here.
Other thing I want to promote.
It's award season for things that you like, movies and so forth.
And podcasts are no different.
Sadly, we didn't get nominated for the podcast awards, although I appreciate those of you guys that tried.
I know many of you were trying.
We didn't get nominated, sorry.
No, we did not get nominated for the podcast awards.
Lots of indie shows did, though, so I can't be mad.
And I have a pretty good feeling I know which one of them is going to win.
And if they do win it, they totally deserve it.
But I won't say, because I don't want to make a booby of myself.
But podcast awards, unfortunately, we're not there.
But we do have a chance to do the Stitcher Awards are going on right now.
And I love Stitcher, because Apple's podcast app right now, not so great.
But Stitcher is available not only on the iPhone platform, but on Android as well.
And it's a great way to listen to podcasts, because you can actually stream them.
So you don't have to download them all to your device, which is what turns a lot of people off from podcasting in the first place.
So Stitcher lets you stream them, which is great.
So check that out, Stitcher. We are actually eligible to be nominated and would appreciate your consideration in Best Game and Hobby Show.
I know some of the other VOG Network shows, like Bobby's going for games and hobbies as well.
So a lot of our listeners are kind of voting for us one day and voting for him another day, which is cool.
Understation Live, I think, is making a push for Most Original, which I can't think of a better title for that, for what they do over there.
I think that would be awesome if they got that.
So check that out again. That's part of Stitcher Radio at Stitcher.com, and we would appreciate your consideration during awards season.
Just, you know, the exposure helps grow our family.
As I say at the end of every show, we don't ask for your money. We don't ask for anything. Just help spread the word about Orchards Radio.
Just your soul.
Yeah, just your eternal soul.
All right, let's get into gaming news, though. That's what you really came here for.
You didn't come here to hear me promo all this stuff. You want to hear about gaming news and us riffing on it.
So, uh, Loki. Oh, wait, wait. Do we have a... Okay, BlackWolf has the determination. He was like, do Google Play cards exist?
They do.
Yeah, they do. I know I've seen them, too. And BlackWolf says, then I guess they can has.
So you heard it here first. Add it into the raffle this month. Google Play if you want. If you want.
All right. Now let's get into gaming news. Loki.
Ah, yes. So this week, everybody was up in arms because Content ID started going crazy. It became self-aware.
Now, it started flagging a ton of videos, even more so than normal.
And this is mainly because they opened it up from just, you know, non affiliated users.
And now they're also going after affiliated ones. And it just kind of went to illustrate how ridiculous this thing is.
It's, you know. First off, OK, YouTube made a comment on it, you know, and basically said, you know,
nothing illustrates the incredible growth and evolution of YouTube better than the enterprise class.
OK, this is all PR speak, by the way. You know, I just want to interrupt that.
As these networks grow, we will make we are making products and blah, blah, blah, blah.
See, here is part of our commitment to ensure that all enterprise partners can continue to thrive and be successful on YouTube.
OK, that's a whole bunch of bullshit. Basically, they said that, yes, those Content ID things that went out were not a mistake.
They are real. So there. And a lot of the problem is, you know, these videos, you know, for those not aware of the Content ID service,
you know, I'm sure you'll probably hear from anybody that you follow on YouTube or, you know, a ton of people, you know,
especially in the blogs recently, it's basically this way of automating the process of finding, you know,
videos out there that inflict or that have copyrighted material within them.
And so way it works is they have a 30 second sample or, you know, sample their song.
I think it's like the first 30 seconds and or video and can be submitted to the service and basically checks the waveforms
or whatever to see if they match this ID. I think of it like an MD5 tag or something like that.
It checks to make sure that, you know, this is what this is.
And then some of our just to give some perspective, some of our videos on the Orange Lounge Radio YouTube account have been flagged like old videos,
like things I don't really care about that were us playing DDR at E3 and like the song that's being played in DDR content matches.
So even though we're filming off it because, you know, E3 is loud and has that background noise.
And even though we're filming off the TV, it's still content matches, which, you know, whatever, like I really don't care.
I mean, to be fair, we were showing video of someone else's game, not trying to really monetize that or whatever,
but it's just kind of one of those eye roll things, you know?
Yeah. And the other thing, well, like I said, it's automated because before this content ID, you know, thing existed,
it would be up to the content holders, you know, like Warner Brothers or whoever, you know, to actually go and find those videos and flag them manually.
It was a very manual process and they bitched him on it saying, oh, look at all the stuff's getting, you know, copyrighted.
There's full episodes of shows and stuff on YouTube and this thing needs to be taken care of or else we're going to sue you.
And so that's where they came up with this content ID thing. And now it's being, you know, everyone's getting flagged.
The problem is, though, it's automated. It's not necessarily done by these, you know, companies.
So, for example, say, you know, Capcom or something like that.
Sure, they probably have their materials in there because they don't want someone infringing upon that stuff, but they may be OK with you putting that stuff in there.
Which Capcom is.
Yeah, which they are. And so there's still, you know, you have to go through the whole process of, you know, basically contesting it.
And then, you know, it gets sent to the Capcom or their legal team and they have to either say, you know, yes, we agree this is an error or no, this, you know, really is infringing and stuff.
And it can lead to, you know, copyright flags and, you know, a copyright strikes, three strikes.
And of course, you're you're gone. Your videos are gone. And, you know, you're not going to be using that YouTube account anymore to make money.
So it's just it's really annoying. And like I know, like personally, I've had to deal with some of this stuff.
Like I had a video that I made that was just some tutorial for Grand Theft Auto map editing and stuff.
And I didn't have any music in the background, but there's no audio there.
So, you know, YouTube said like, hey, here's some pre-approved tracks that you can use.
And so using their own service, I picked one of those tracks, got flagged from from that.
I'm like, dude, what the hell? I'm like, this is your this is music you said I can use in my video.
You know, and and now you're saying that, nope, sorry.
So I just removed the audio from that because obviously that wasn't the important part of it.
But it's just it's so ridiculous, you know, how how they've gone about it.
And, you know, there's stuff that, you know, people that don't even own the copyrights to, you know, are claiming like, as Bobby mentioned,
you know, four gamer movie is targeting stuff for Metro last night because they put one of their I guess let's play videos or something through this.
Somehow they were able to submit that as their own.
That I have a huge this is really irritates the piss out of me that what's going on with that,
where other people are putting in their content ID and it's not even stuff that they really own like that.
You that's what needs to be come down hard on these companies.
I said hard on these companies that put in these these content claims for things they don't really own that.
That needs to stop. And YouTube needs to come down hard and fast on that.
They won't. And that's that's going to be this is going to be a very interesting turning point because you've got a lot of very angry people about this,
because, you know, there's people that make their living off of YouTube videos.
And, you know, as much as you might want to say, get a real job or things like that, video editing is a bitch.
There's a reason I don't really like to put O.L.R. on video.
And I'm very thankful to our own VX Jason XV because he's the sucker that signed up and said, sure, I'll edit the videos to put it up on YouTube or whatever.
So prop. Thank you, Jason, because I ain't nobody got time for that.
As far as I'm concerned, I got other things I want to do.
It's such a pain at a video. So these people that do edit video, do work on it.
You know what? If you're going to watch it, I think the author can make like a tenth of a cent or whatever they get from the ad that shows in the beginning.
A lot of the people who have been making their money that way, like Classic Game Room, I think the Cinemassacre stuff, they've already left YouTube for other places.
And SF Debris, I think, went to Vimeo or this other one.
I don't think Vimeo allows gaming content.
No, not gaming. It's not for gaming. It was the guy who does the Star Trek and Doctor Who reviews.
Oh, probably.
I think he went to Vimeo or he went to one other one, but he's been off of YouTube for a while now.
It is. It's not good, though, because I mean, yeah, we're talking about the gaming portion of it, but I'm sure that not just gaming is affected by it.
Like a ton of people are affected by it, you know, especially just all sorts of content producers. And that's not good.
I mean, it's not sending him a good message. It's basically saying you're and it's bad enough that once they do, you know,
content ID you, whatever, they flag your video, you're not making revenue on that video anymore.
The person who ever flagged it, they just assume that whatever, they're making money off of it.
Like Nintendo does that. They're so generous and they, you know, they allow you to keep your video up so that they can make money off of it.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
I monetize the videos on my channel, Rob Roberts Plays. I sign up for the monetization and whatever, you know,
and I realize it's kind of shaky ground with copyright because I am playing people, other people's games, but it's, they're old games.
I like to think I'm kind of educating and bringing light to it, whatever, but I really...
The amount of money, trust me, the amount of money is ridiculous.
That's the thing is I also don't have any disillusions that I'm going to make a shit ton of money off this and quit my job.
No, that's not going to happen and I'm totally fine with that.
But it's the kind of thing where I'm like, hey, if maybe one of the videos are to end up going viral and I can get money to like afford a new microphone, then great.
You know, we do spend money out of our own pockets to do this show and, and vog and all that.
Like I, if I told you how much I spend on my own money on this shit, you'd probably be surprised.
That's okay. I'm not trying to yell at anybody. That's my hobby.
A lot of people spend money on their hobbies.
Like if your hobby is a remote control car racing, you probably drop a lot of money into that.
Yes, Dan does.
Right. So that's what I'm saying. This is my hobby. I drop money into it. That's fine.
Same with pinball.
If I can recoup a little bit of that, then great. But you know, I realized too with the Let's Plays is a slippery slope.
I recently did a Let's Remember video for the Legend of Zelda on NES and you know that shit got flagged and I was just kind of one of those.
I just rolled my eyes and like, whatever, whatever. Fine. I don't care. Oh no. 30 cents lost. What am I going to do?
Well, one thing Bobby just linked in chat about Jonathan Blow being flagged for posting his own game.
Ooh, see that's really not good. That shows a real problem with the content ID matching system though.
And Game Guru pointed out that it was SF Debris went to Blip. I knew it was one of those other ones.
Those comments from live.vognetwork.com.
SHO 100 Matt saying there is going to be and should be a great exodus from YouTube.
People are going to start getting fed up with their flagging content policies.
If many of the big time YouTube channels started leaving, people will follow.
Let's be honest, YouTube is not a particularly difficult to steal technology.
I mean, there's tons of other companies that do the whole video embedding thing.
So it just kind of takes somebody stepping up and saying, yes, we welcome the gaming content.
A lot of people assuming that Twitch would jump on that real quick.
I mean, it would make sense because they already have ways that you can highlight and create like a video on demand thing.
They just don't have a way where you can upload your own videos that I know of.
Maybe you can and I just haven't really looked at that.
But needless to say, the focus on Twitch TV certainly isn't video on demand, but this is a huge opportunity for them.
If a competitor wanted to come in for Twitch TV, this is a great way to get their foot in the door.
But I think the problem is, and this is, I don't necessarily blame YouTube because it's not, it's not entirely their fault.
The reason why they're doing things that they're doing is because they're getting pressure from these other companies.
It's impossible to police everything that's on there, but they have to take these measures,
otherwise they leave themselves open up to a lawsuit from these companies.
Really, it's these companies, and don't get me wrong, I understand if I take a track from some CD or something
and blatantly put that up there in CD quality on YouTube, okay, that is infringing, that's ridiculous.
Which is weird because I see that shit all the time.
Yeah.
All the time, like I could go find a top 40 hit, bring up the YouTube and play it right now,
although now that I know we're putting on shows on YouTube I better not, because it'll get content.
But I see videos all the time.
Or full length movies. I watched the Flight of the Navigator the other day on YouTube.
Get the fuck out, that video's on YouTube?
Yes it is.
I love that movie.
That movie was awesome.
I watch documentaries all the time on YouTube.
Documentaries, sometimes they're so indie that people actually want to put that on YouTube just to get,
the monetization from YouTube is the only money they're gonna get otherwise.
There are full accounts that redistribute documentaries that may air overseas.
I watched that Extraordinary People series that airs on BBC.
That's how you get your Canada's Worst Driver as well.
I get my Canada's Worst Driver through YouTube as well.
I thought so.
Because that shows freaking addicting.
The problem is the system is just not real.
I think a good compromise, and even still this isn't perfect, it would be, let's say that a video comes out,
and let's just use an example of Nintendo.
Nintendo doesn't like the fact that you're using their video or something like that.
They're gonna monetize it or whatever.
I think that you should be able to split the revenue between what you've done and them.
I think that's a perfectly acceptable solution.
It gets a little complicated when you're talking music and stuff like that.
The music one is a real tricky slope though.
To some extent I think the artists licensed their music for that game.
They did not expect all this other stuff.
This is maybe how music needs to be licensed going forward,
but I can kind of see a little bit more where these games with these very AAA soundtracks,
it's a really slippery slope.
I kind of get that.
The other thing I was going to say is just because a lot of these companies,
and I don't necessarily like to say that, I don't blame those companies,
because a lot of them were like, dude, we don't know what's going on either.
We just started hearing about this.
Let us know if your video got flagged, or go ahead and object to it,
and we'll go ahead and flag it and let it go through and stuff.
We want you to have that stuff out there.
I was going to say, there are lists out there of actual games that people will let you play,
and they want you to play at different publishers.
A lot of them. There's lizard games.
There's a Wikia, for example, called let'splaylist.wikia.com,
and they even have a whole hashtag on Twitter, WhoLet'sPlay,
and those are all companies that will let you basically play their games,
and they're fine with you monetizing it, usually.
I think it will even let you know if they allow that and stuff.
For example, Minecraft, you can do that.
I was surprised, Rockstar, they're fine with you doing Grand Theft Auto,
and that kind of stuff in there.
There are companies out there, and I think if they're going to really...
I have a hard time believing that a lot of these gaming companies
are going to be really against people playing their videos,
but let's just say that there are some, then there's plenty of other alternatives.
Indies. Hey, Indies, I'm sure, would love some exposure.
Yeah. Well, yeah.
Extrovert's been doing some indie games on Twitch,
and he'll post about it on Twitter,
and the game creators and their relatives will retweet it.
It's kind of funny, because not tons of people are streaming the indie stuff,
so they get really excited when they have that exposure.
Codeman in chat, speaking of live streaming and so forth,
Codeman over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Twitch will eventually be in the same boat.
It's becoming more popular, and copyright laws will hit it.
It's sad that these things were made to share experiences with people,
and a few rotten apples screwed up for the bunch.
I think he meant to say it's sad.
But, yeah, it's interesting, though,
because now Twitch is in this really interesting boat where,
well, they are literally integrated into PlayStation 4 now,
and will be soon on Xbox One,
or at least they certainly have that channel already.
Nintendo, not so much, but Nintendo kind of does their own thing with online.
They're not looking to get Twitch on there anytime soon.
But because now that Twitch is integrated into the consoles,
it makes it a really weird thing.
I can't see gaming companies suddenly coming after Twitch
when Twitch is a part of the console.
It's kind of like if you put a game out on the PlayStation 4,
you know that that's going to happen.
Although, from my understanding is, of course,
game companies can turn it on and off,
but who's going to be that dick company to turn it off?
I don't think anybody's in a rush to be the first to have that notorious distinction
of you can't stream it on PlayStation 4.
Granted, I guess Playroom's already in that boat,
but for other reasons completely.
Anything else on the YouTube dramas you want to share, Loki?
No, I'm just more interested to see how this is going to fall out, I guess,
to see the reaction, because it only happened late last week,
and I don't know if we've really heard a lot from media publishers,
and YouTube's kind of said their thing,
but I don't know.
I'd be interested to see what steps are going to be taken
if people are planning on moving elsewhere, or what's going to happen.
Speaking of PlayStation 4 streaming, Black Wolf says,
I believe NBA 2K14 turns off the sound on the streams and captures,
so it's all silent, and that probably has to do with, you know,
because a game like that's got a huge soundtrack behind it.
Those EA sports games always do, so that wouldn't surprise me.
But you would think that they would still be able to do game audio,
like, you know, not necessarily.
Yeah, the game audio you think would be there.
All right, anyhow, going to another story.
Really, what they should do,
and this is the appropriate solution for NBA 2K14,
is to really just substitute all the music in the game with Space Jam.
Space Jam the entire time.
That would be the perfect solution.
I believe I can fly.
Huh?
I believe I can fly.
Amazing.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Island Radio
at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase shell.
All right, moving on to some games that won't be showing up on PlayStation 4.
They probably won't show up anywhere.
It's 38 Studios, the big studio that went bankrupt.
You know, that was one that the baseball player guy owned,
and then they made Kingdoms of Amalur,
and then they shut down, and it left the state of Rhode Island
with a big debt because Rhode Island had helped them out.
Well, the auction happened this week to sell off some of their IPs
and the trademarks and so forth, and get this,
no buyer found for Project Copernicus, which was the MMO project they were working on,
no buyer found for the sequel rights to Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning.
Nobody wanted to buy it.
A dollar.
Yeah, well, I think you have to have what they call a reasonable price.
You have to be a reasonable...
Two dollars.
I think I've got some peanuts too.
38 Studios had their own social media platform called Helios.
No buyer.
Intellectual property rights for Catan.
No buyer.
And the big huge game engine.
No buyer.
Did they sell anything?
Yes, they did.
They sold a lot that included Rise of Nations and Rise of Legends,
those games and the associated intellectual properties,
and then the other one that they sold was for the big huge games trademark itself,
which is kind of a catchy name for a game studio, so...
Catan would have been fun.
Yeah, kind of.
I like Catan.
They already had Catan on...
Yeah, I know. They did it.
It was for the rights for that.
Yeah.
But anyway, apparently there were, I guess,
five parties that were actually participating in the auction,
but over 20 parties had expressed interest.
Anyhow, what did sell went for $320,000,
which might not sound too bad,
but apparently Rhode Island, the debt they owe Rhode Island, 100 million.
So that's practically pennies on the debt that they actually owe.
Ouch.
Apparently the state will continue to negotiate with interested parties
to try to sell that which was unsold thus far.
Yikes.
Maybe the state of Rhode Island could turn into big huge games.
You know, just...
Hire everyone in the state?
Big island games.
Why not?
Big island? Big? Really?
Yeah.
Is it really an island?
Not really.
No.
And its name wasn't really Rhode Island either.
Rhode Island's short for its full name, which is...
Oh god, I'm gonna make myself look stupid.
Rocky Rhode Island.
No, it's Rhode Island and something plantations.
That's okay. How about we just move on?
No, because I don't want to look stupid here on OLR from not knowing my...
You're just going on Wikipedia.
I'm from California, alright?
That's okay. I don't know what the crap it means.
The state of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
That's the full name of the state.
I bet people in Rhode Island don't even know what the fuck that is.
It's written on their official seal that's on the floor of the Capitol.
Okay.
At least I knew it was not just Rhode Island. Give me half credit.
Okay.
Alright.
That seal would probably go for more than $320,000.
They could probably just sell the state.
They're gonna have to sell the state to get out of debt for that game?
Yep. They're gonna have to get a triple mortgage on their state.
Oh god, this just in. Rhode Island is now a part of New Jersey.
Ah! I don't think that's too fat low. Sorry, love you New Jersey.
Kidding! She's kidding people.
Kidding.
Alright.
So how about terrorism?
The state of Rhode Island and New Jersey Plantations.
How about terrorism?
Alright, how about it?
Well, the NSA has a new bestie. You know who it is?
Hmm.
Wow.
The NSA is going on World of Warcraft and other online games to look for terrorists.
Because this is America and we're afraid of terrorists. I guess.
It's not just American agencies as well. It's British agencies too.
So apparently it's this whole Anglo-Saxon descent stupidity thing. I don't know.
So the NSA and the government communications headquarters in the UK have been monitoring activity
and harvesting data from World of Warcraft and Second Life and apparently some other games
that they're trying to see if they're, I guess, a terrorist or trying to fish for information through MMOs
just by posing as a regular player.
I think that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of in my life.
I think that our tax money could be spent on better things.
And I want to know if they worked out anything with Blizzard to actually set that up or any of these other ones.
No, I think Blizzard came out and said they didn't know.
Yeah.
First of all, I want to know why they think the average MMO player is going to be in on top secret government stuff.
I mean, maybe they'll find someone who works at a, I don't know, a base or something that happens to play World of Warcraft
that has some clearance. Ooh, maybe that's what they're thinking.
It just seems to me that they are really just picking where, you know, anything that they can.
But they said that basically where they got the legal ability to do that was because of a 1981 executive order signed by Ronald Reagan.
You know, not only did he ruin our economy, he also did that too.
That gave it authority to collect the data.
So privacy groups are basically, you know, stepping in and what.
He was a real forward thinker, he's all, and the ability to spy on World of Warcraft.
I don't know what World of Warcraft is, but someday this will mean something.
At any rate, and I'm just going to read this line in this article here from Computer World.
In one document from around that time, the NSA talked about how it was able to gather information on user accounts,
characters, and guilds related to known Islamic extremist groups by monitoring World of Warcraft.
Really?
Really?
I can't.
I can't.
Well said, sir, well said.
I just, well here's the thing, I think part of this is overblown.
Or mam, or mam.
I think part of this is overblown.
I'm going to be honest, I think part of this is overblown because I don't think the NSA was necessarily paying a whole bunch of people to sit around in cubicles and play World of Warcraft all day.
I don't think that was quite what they were doing.
Dream job.
I know, right?
Were they trying to like hack into it?
Possibly.
I think that's probably more what was going on in our gold farms.
Well they said they were taking data feeds and whatnot, and you know, user logs.
At the same time, it wouldn't be out of the question that they would have people who are actually trying to communicate with groups that were flagged with a certain name.
And don't hear me out here just because I'm saying it's not as bad as you think.
I'm not saying it's appropriate because I kind of don't agree.
Because it's like, well, what good did it do?
What did we stop?
And you know there's those people out there that are like, lol, let's do a controversial name for our guild.
Yeah.
We are, you know, Pony Jihad or something.
Yeah, there's tons of trolls.
It's like if they were, you know, spying on Xbox Live, man, everybody's a terrorist on there.
Here's the thing though.
There's a difference between terrorist and asshole.
We've heard of people that have committed hideous crimes that happen to be World of Warcraft players.
It's an unfortunate coincidence.
And I believe, I really hope I'm not misspeaking here, but I mean there's unfortunately so many crappy people in the world.
But I believe one of them recently was that horrible, horrible guy who did the stuff with the Sandy Hook Elementary and all that, right?
I believe he was a WoW player.
So the police went to Blizzard and subpoenaed every chat transcript that guy ever had.
Because obviously the big question people want to know is, why the fuck did he do that?
That question is like not being answered.
And not even the Warcraft transcripts, assumably, that they subpoenaed were able to answer that question.
But my point is that, you know, they're able to get that information when they need it, when the police has it or whatever.
But as far as prevention stuff goes, we're not seeing that anything was prevented.
And I'm pretty sure his chat log would be like, LFR sucks.
It's probably not very interesting.
Dot's running out.
This tank sucks.
He'll please.
He'll please, yeah, thank you.
But, um, yeah, it's just, ugh.
But, I don't know where I was going.
The whole thing's just...
I like what Dungeon Buster just said.
It's no longer the Cold War, but we're still fighting things as if it were.
Ooh.
Very well said.
Well, I don't know, not to be overly political too, but you also heard about Putin taking over the news sources and dissolving certain agencies.
We're looking at...
I remembered what it was I wanted to say.
One thing you should be aware of is that your conversations that you have in these MMOs, they're not private.
They are being tracked.
And if something ever happened to you or you did something, they will get the records and look at every chat you've had.
And that could be, you know, whether you were cybering with somebody or what.
I mean, the stuff you do when you put that information on a server, it's not private.
Email's not private, really, in that regard.
I mean, you could go and subpoena those companies, too, and so forth.
So, you know, just be aware.
If you think you're having these ultra-private conversations on these websites, you're not.
Nope.
So, all right.
However, I do have a resource for people who want to stay hidden on the internet.
And it's actually a Tumblr called We Are Hidden.
Well, you could also just take that plug that's in the back of your computer that attaches to the internet, and you can unplug it, and there you go.
I'm just saying, for people who are paranoid about that, there's a resource out there.
But if you're really paranoid... Wait, hold on.
Because if you're really paranoid about being on the internet, don't be on the internet.
I don't... I'm just saying. Do or don't.
But with the world we live in today, you really can't not be on the internet and participate in modern society.
Well, yeah, I know. But, you know, don't have a Facebook.
I know plenty of people that don't use Facebook or any of that stuff, you know, so... Anyway.
Facebook is its own can of worms.
Indeed. Did you hear that thing this week? I don't even know if it's true or not, but that Facebook actually can see, like, if you type a status and you delete it, they still track, like, what you were going to post.
Like, they were doing some type of weird, like, tracking thing behind the scenes. I swear I saw some article on that.
Mine's going to be a lot of me bitching about people.
Well, yeah, and I'm thinking, like, wow, mine's going to be really awful.
I write a lot of very angry things that I delete and don't post on Facebook. Like, it's, like, a good little event.
So I need to go back to LiveJournal if that's the case.
LiveJournal. Let's all go back to LiveJournal. LiveJournal's going to be like, what the hell are all these people? Oh, Facebook, right.
Bobby Blackwolf, our pal in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, sure, you can participate in modern society without the internet. Old people do it all the time.
Even my mom.
That's hardly modern society.
My mom's on Twitter, for God's sake.
Rob. I want to see what Ellen is tweeting about, Rob. How do I join the Twitters?
I love your mom.
Alright. Let's move on. Loki.
Alright.
So, let's see. Let's talk a little bit about...
I just lost... What happened here?
Something moved.
The NSA.
Damn you, NSA.
No, let's talk a little bit about SteamOS. That just came out. Well, at least they have the beta test out there.
And they also shipped out those 300 Steam machines.
Sadly not to my house. I am disappointed.
But, yes, you can actually check it out if you don't have a Steam machine to test that on.
You can download it now.
And, um, yeah.
Of course, one of the things about the SteamOS is they're not trying to be a replacement for your own OS that you have right now.
But it is a good, I guess, alternative for gaming or something.
But check it out.
And, um, they even have, uh...
Those Steam machines that they sent out are pretty sweet and they came in like a wooden crate and everything.
I'm so fucking disappointed that I didn't get one.
Yeah, I know. I was really sad I didn't get one either. But, yeah, it is what it is.
Um, have we heard anything about people that are actually using SteamOS?
Because I know it's out there, but I'm not hearing a lot of, like, reviews on it or anything.
Like, how it works or...
I haven't heard anything yet.
I guess a lot of people are just hesitant to use it because it's like, well, I'm not going to exactly overwrite Windows with SteamOS.
So if you don't have a second computer for it, then, you know, what can you do?
Well, not necessarily. Because I think you can multi-boot into that stuff and do it that way.
But I'm not really sure how. I haven't messed with Steam or I haven't messed with Linux in a long time.
Last time I tried to mess with Linux is when I heard that Linux would allow me to somehow mount the file system on some DDR disk.
I don't remember what it was. Something had to do with Dancer Evolution hacking that.
But, uh...
Yeah, that was that.
Um...
Alright. Well, I'm going to try to move on. For our live listeners, the podcasts only will hear this.
Our live stream just dropped completely. We can't connect to our streaming server.
So it's not even my internet because I still see IRC and everything and everybody's freaking out.
But I can't even connect to keep the show going.
The NSA shut us down.
Apparently they did.
Jamie, would you mind? We're going to flip the script a little bit. Would you go to your story next?
I suppose I could do such a thing.
While I try to fix what's going on here, even though I might be out of my control?
Because it's Firefly! Hello! Firefly Online is going to be a thing and it is launching in summer 2014 by developer QMX.
And it's going to be on iOS and Android, but they are going to be expanding onto PC and Mac and may include other platforms.
So there's not a lot of information out other than soon.
But basically it's going to be you get your ship, you get your crew, you have to keep them happy.
You have to, you know, trade, craft, collect, fly around the verse.
And you also have a free form flight simulator built into it.
And they're basically saying that it's going to be, you know, when you start off you're basically going to be kind of another version of the Firefly crew.
You play as a brown coat captain and then you get other factions through later DLC releases.
But it sounds kind of fun. I'm looking forward to it. I might play it because I love Firefly. It's the Joss.
This is really cool news for those that were, because you know obviously that show had a huge cult to it.
And people want to see it come back and they want to see, you know, what's...
The comic's coming out too.
Yeah.
That's based after the movie.
But I mean what a nice way to kind of at least continue the story.
Because we all know like the show can't come back.
All those actors are on to new things. It's not going to happen.
Wasn't Marina Bakarin like super pregnant right now?
Uh huh.
I think she's super pregnant right now.
I think so, yeah.
Although her hair grew back.
Oh.
She had long hair in the last picture of herself.
But I think this is a great way for people to, you know, at least continue that.
It's weird to me that an MMO for Firefly didn't happen sooner.
I'm just wondering how well it's going to work on a phone, you know.
I mean I suppose it would be okay, but I mean just the managing your assets that way.
Maybe it would be easier on an iPad or a tablet.
Perhaps.
But I mean I'm definitely interested in it.
You know there's a...
For people who are Firefly fans...
Why you're nothing but Firefly pieces of pudding sitting on a plate.
You're custard.
No, but for people who are really into, you know, doing things in that universe.
There actually is a tabletop game that I want to say, well, the former White Wolf put out.
Because I think it's the same type of gameplay system as Werewolf and Vampire.
Those ones.
And like I said, there's a comic going to be coming out that's based on the Fallout after the Serenity movie.
So it seems that that universe is getting a lot of love lately.
Well, you think the fact that the Avengers is doing well and all that helps kind of bump up Whedon's properties?
It's Joss. People who love Joss love Joss regardless.
And for the record, I was never a big Buffy fan and I didn't like Angel until its last season because that was when the writers stopped giving a fuck.
That was when we had the Puppet Time episode.
But I loved Firefly. I didn't watch Dollhouse. But I've liked Joss' writing when he wrote for Astonishing X-Men.
That's probably the most I've enjoyed any X-Men title since the Dark Phoenix stuff when I was a little kid.
Our stream did come back for the live listeners. Welcome back. Apparently it was not our fault. I don't know what's up with that.
But anyway, going to some comments in our chat room, SSG100Matt says,
This still seems like an April Fool's joke. Is it a joke?
Well, it's not April. And they've been talking about it for a month or so, right?
So, because they put up the announcement a little while back, but they have a trailer up now.
Alright. Well, moving on. This is pretty cool. We talked about this on Hoard House a little bit this week.
But a new gaming network is launching. It's online. It's called ESGN, not to be confused with the ESPN.
But it's ESGN, the Esports Global Network. It will be a 24-hour web-based broadcast channel.
So it's not something you're going to find on traditional television.
But seeing as a lot of this competitive sports watching and so forth was born out of Twitch TV and those sorts of live streamings and online,
it makes sense that this is a logical next step.
Esports, of course, is a lot of the head-to-head combat. You see some of the big games that support this right now.
League of Legends, Dota 2. Of course, those MOBAs are huge for this.
Starcraft 2, World of Warcraft Arena. You see a lot of this being Esports.
And we've talked a little bit about this on my other show, Hoard House, as well.
You're seeing now people are getting visas to come into the US for sport.
We just had a guy for Starcraft 2 got a visa to come in on that game this week to play that. So that's pretty cool.
Anyhow, ESGN will be launching at ESGN.com and ESGNTV.com is the video site for its dedicated 24-hour channel.
Again, it is not something that's planned to be on standard television, quote-unquote.
But what is standard TV anymore in the world of Netflix and Hulu and YouTube and all that?
So this is going to be a very interesting experiment. Good luck to them.
And, you know, I know we don't talk a lot about Starcraft 2 and League of Legends on this show,
but if y'all need three fun and fabulous commentators on a Sunday night, we might be available.
Just say if the money's right. If the money's right.
All joking aside, let's get to the release dates. Travel the world and check out what's coming out in a gaming store near you.
Probably not a lot, right, Loki?
Or not a thing.
Not a thing, huh?
Not a thing. We are done for the year.
In the U.S., right?
In the U.S.
I mean, aside from, you know, digital stuff obviously coming out, but nothing at retail.
All right, well, let's travel to Japan and check out what's coming out in Japan.
And I think the story is a little different over there because they have time for more video games before their Christmas cakes.
So on the PlayStation 3 this week, Banfuse Rock Legends comes out, as well as Dragon Dragoon.
That's a 10th anniversary box collection there, and Dragon Dragoon 3 comes out as well.
A brand new DualShock controller in crystal color comes out, as well as FIFA 14 World Class Soccer Bonus Edition.
And Shin Gondomusou comes out this week as well.
And there's still some heavy hitters in Japan the rest of the year.
The day after Christmas, Boxing Day, if you will, for Canada, in Japan they're getting Final Fantasy X and X-2's remasters are out on December 26th.
So just barely making it this year.
So still plenty to come over there.
On the Xbox 360, Banfuse Rock Legends is there as well, as well as Shooting Love Collection.
And going over to the Vita on the PlayStation Vita this week, Amnesia V Edition.
Is that the same Amnesia that is the scary game that we have here?
I don't think it is.
It is not.
This is more based off an anime, I believe, with a lot of cards.
Looks like this guy plays cards or something.
Where did all my cards go? Where did these come from? I don't know.
I forgot.
Because I have Amnesia.
There's a crap ton on the Vita this week.
Dead or Alive 5 gets a price reduction.
Diabolic Lovers Limited V Edition comes out this week.
Geki Johan Mahou Shoujo Madoka, that's Magica the Battle Pentagram, comes out this week.
That's a big anime series that half my friends on Tumblr are losing their shit over.
Okay.
Hakoyuki Kuyokaroku comes out this week.
Injustice gets its Vita release in Japan this week.
Kudwafter, didn't we talk about this before?
Kudwafter!
Kudwafter has a design skin or something like that, like a Vita skin.
But there's also the converted edition of Kudwafter comes out this week.
Which I know we make it sound really hardcore, but it looks like this nice little Japanese girl who's having tea.
And she's actually making tea in this shot, I don't know.
But the game is called Kudwafter.
Let's see, what else is on the Vita this week?
See, Rama says fuck yes, Madoka.
Shin Gondom Musou comes out this week on the Vita as well.
Yay, Gondom.
Busy, busy week on the Vita.
On the Wii U, nothing, sorry.
On the Nintendo 3DS, however, High School D x D,
My Little Cat comes out in Japan.
I have to see what, it's a kitty game, I have to see what this is.
Oh my god, oh my god.
I am flailing, this looks amazing.
I need this in my life.
I need this in my life.
Someone get me a Japanese 3DS.
Okay, it looks like...
It's kitties in fancy hats.
It looks like real pictures of cats in like sailor suits, and pink hats, and like orange Halloween sweaters.
And they don't even look like they're gonna murder you.
So, this is what it comes to.
This is why Swap Note was removed.
I'm linking, I'm gonna link that to our chatters right now so they can take a look at that because...
And the chat room has harassed me into watching Madoka.
I need this in my life.
So that means that that's gonna be the next thing I have to marathon since I've marathoned all of Shingeki no Kyojin so far, and Claymore.
Who makes this game? MTO.
I don't recognize that name.
And I'm looking on the box art, everybody loves MTO.
Do they have a Twitter or something? Because I want this game.
We need to petition for that.
Like, oh my god, thank you for posting a picture of entertainment.
We need to harass them like we did for President Cat.
Which I still want to play that game too.
Oh my god, I want that in my life.
Koneko no album My Little Cat.
Koneko means kitten.
So it's like, I wonder if it's just like you take pictures of your own cat and then this program helps you...
Putting Midna in outfits! Oh my god, that's gonna be great!
I know, right?
Hey guys, I don't know what to do with you.
By the way, did you know that A Legend of Zelda The Link Between Worlds is still not out in Japan?
They will not be getting that until December 26th.
So consider yourself lucky here.
I need to put Midna in a frilly little dress.
She's gonna murder the shit out of me in my sleep.
She's not gonna drop this all night.
No, this is gonna be Midna.
Mom! Mom! Mom!
This sucks.
Cause that's how she talks.
Is AkumaJP helping us out here? What's this link he just gave us?
I don't know.
I know AkumaJP is over there and maybe can...
Oh my god!
They're ID pictures and you can make one look like a Bosozoku.
This is outstanding.
Okay, somebody get me a Japanese 3DS and this game.
I don't understand. This has to do with cats being adorable.
The internet would eat this shit up.
Look at that picture.
They're just up as Bosozoku. That's so awesome.
Horrible radio. I'm sorry you guys. I'm so sorry.
Maybe what I can do, I can beg Jason to maybe take some of these links and put some of the pictures in the YouTube.
And put them on our Tumblr.
Or just look it up again for yourself.
Look it up again for yourself.
Look it up for yourself, the game.
It's out there on your favorite import gaming website.
Alright, I gotta get through some PSP games though.
But you know what? Now I'm inspired to dress up Midna on her Tumblr.
Some PSP games.
As if the Vita wasn't enough.
You also have After School Colorful Step.
Undo Yubu comes out this week.
Lovely Quest Unlimited.
Nobunaga no Yabu Soku with the power up kit comes out this week.
That's a price reduction actually.
Kanojo no Ura Omote, Pure Sweet Heart comes out on the PSP this week.
Still kicking in Japan.
Dark Soccer, how about the UK?
I need the kitty game.
I know.
On the 18th we have Zen Pinball 2.
And the 19th, Colossatron, Massive World Threat.
That's a cool name, Colossatron.
And then on Wii U we have Knit Underground, K-N-Y-T-T.
And then Ridge Racer Slipstream for the Android, iPad, and iPhone.
And nothing else until...
Xmas.
Maybe we should call it X-tifermas and worship X-tifer.
We might do that on Hoard House this week.
We are having a Holi-gay special on Hoard House this week.
I wanna be on a Holi-gay special.
Alright.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
Which may or may not have to do with cats.
So Sony has patented a brand new...
Looks like a Move controller.
The difference being that instead of having an analog...
I don't know if it had an analog stick on that one side.
Anyways, the main difference is it's gonna have some sort of...
Looks like a touch screen on it.
Or not a touch screen, but a touch pad.
Kind of like how they have on the Vita and on the front of the PlayStation 4 controllers.
So maybe...
It makes sense if you think about it.
Because now they will need some sort of extra input to cover PlayStation 4 games that use the Move controller.
So maybe this is what this is about.
But...
Interesting I guess. I don't know.
I don't really...
Do a lot of games use the Move controller?
Are they gonna start bringing it back like how they did with Resistance and Killzone and stuff?
Where they have a giant fucking gun that looked ridiculous with the Move controllers in there?
Yeah, I kinda got the feeling they were trying to get rid of the Move.
Kinda shove that under the rug or something.
That's the impression I was getting.
Yeah, maybe not.
Interesting.
Alright.
Sorry, I'm trying to do a little research on this game company that makes this game.
I found their websites and I'm trying to see if they have a Twitter.
Apparently there's a Facebook.
I'm trying to find a Twitter.
There's a dog one too!
Oh my gosh.
But the kitty one's the best.
Okay, but this is good because now I can give out this URL so the podcast listeners can be like,
what the hell are they freaking out about?
So I'm gonna just totally give them a free plug here on the show because they make games to dress up your kitties and doggies.
mto-power.com. That's mto-power.com is the maker of these games.
And there's gotta be a way to send them a message and let them know we want these games in America.
I have hiccups now.
Did the cute kitties give you...
Excuse me, I didn't burp on the microphone!
Damn girl!
Burping is a good way to get rid of hiccups.
Damn!
I never, ever said I was ladylike.
I know, I know.
Fuck that.
Thank you Tigerclaw for linking it in the chatroom.
Okay, one more story for you guys.
This is one of those gaming good news stories.
Thank heavens.
Gaming exercise games, whether you love them or you're sick of hearing about them,
they do a lot of good for our community.
And a new study is out this week about Nintendo's Wii Fit Plus.
And of course Wii Fit Plus was available on the Nintendo Wii and now they have the newer version that's on the Wii U.
I believe the demo is done, but you can check that out too, it's on the Wii U.
Well, they say that Nintendo's Wii Fit Plus improves the lives of patients with Type 2 diabetes and helps control their blood sugar levels.
This is by BMC and Docrin Disorders who carried out the trial with 220 participants for a period of 12 weeks.
Half were asked to use Wii Fit Plus for half an hour a day and the second half were under routine care
and just got everything 12 weeks later.
Those that actually got the fitness game lost weight and improved their blood sugar levels.
Because guess what? They were doing exercise.
That's right, I know. That's kind of the thing. I kind of look at this and go, well duh, exercise leads to good things.
So of course this is what happened. When you give the people the stuff for free, I guess there's more incentive to play that.
But anyhow, experts noted that the daily physical activity increased, mental health and subjective well-being increased as well.
The number of patients suffering from depression decreased. However, interesting, a third of the patients dropped out of the trial,
meaning that people retaining the same level of enthusiasm over a sustained period of time was difficult.
According to Dr. Richard Elliott, who's with Diabetes UK,
physical activity in a healthy, balanced diet, along with taking doctor-prescribed medications if necessary,
can help people with type 2 diabetes to control their condition and minimize the risk of diabetes-related complications over time.
Computer games that promote a healthy lifestyle might be one way to achieve this,
but different forms of physical activity might work better for different people.
Further research will be needed to identify the long-term effects of such games compared to other approaches.
You know what? Whatever gets people motivated, right?
Well, I mean, the biggest thing is exercise and cutting out the sugar.
Because guess what diabetes is? Problem with insulin!
Although if you have type 1 diabetes, cutting out the extra sugar is not always good for you.
Alright, well, moving on to a more simple time when we weren't really able to interact with our games, unless it was dance aerobics.
When diabetes was Wilfred Brimley.
That's right.
The classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Sakura goes into the Classic Gaming Vault and finds one game that she thinks,
hey, you guys should be playing this game.
Instead of eating all that candy.
Write the F now.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Pole Position.
A very true classic indeed.
Yes. Basically, this arcade racer came out in 1982.
I love that intro music, because that's the only music in the game.
It's pretty much the only music in the game, the rest of it is just like squeaky noises.
I'll keep it really low in the background just in case.
It was manufactured by Atari, worldwide by Namco, in the US it was done by Atari.
It was actually the most popular coin-op game in 1983.
So it has an upright cabinet or an environmental cockpit cabinet,
which my Chuck E. Cheese's slash Showbiz Pizza in Mobile, Alabama had one forever.
And you know what? They still fucking have it.
The same one.
I'm just surprised it works.
So basically you have the accelerator, you have a brake pedal, and you have your wheel.
So it was the highest grossing arcade game in North America in 1983,
and it sold 21,000 machines for $61 million, equivalent to 2012's $140 million.
So just to put it in modern money.
The most successful racing game of its time, pretty much.
And it had a Saturday morning cartoon, which I watched the hell out of,
and have every episode of downloaded.
I also have a cool intro.
Pole Position I think was the big inspiration for most of the modern driving games that we have now.
So basically in the game you have a Formula One race car,
and you do a time trial lap to qualify for the Fuji race track.
And like we're saying, it didn't have a lot of money,
but it was the first track, the first video game that had a track based off of a real circuit.
So you did your qualifying lap, and then you could do the time trial, and then do the Grand Prix races.
And it was supposed to be the most realistic at its time game that came out.
Definitely didn't make me as sick as playing hard driving, because that game sucked.
And it also was in full color, and it had scaling sprites, including your race cars and your signs to give you perspective.
It was for the US release, Namco actually approached Bally Midway to either...
and said, okay, one of you can get one of these games.
And so Bally took Mappy, and Atari took Pole Position.
So basically it's been probably one of the most ported systems too.
It's been put out by Atari, Soft, and a lot of the home computers and consoles in the early 80s.
In the 90s there was Pole Position on PC that came back in Microsoft Return of Arcade.
It's been on Playstation, N64, and Dreamcast in the Namco Museum.
And it's also been on PS2, GameCube, GBA, and Xbox.
Fuji Speedway was renamed Namco Speedway in the Museum series.
And for the Plug and Play series that were part of the Namco Museum Virtual Arcade, it was called Blue Speedway.
And there's also a version to work with the Puffer Exercise Bite Controller.
And it has been put out on iPod back in the day.
And now we have IOS versions with Pole Position Remix.
And Pole Position 2, which was the sequel, has also been re-released as well.
Like I said, Pole Position 2 being the sequel, it came out in 1983.
And, let me see, I hate my iPad sometimes.
As far as that, there were also, a lot of people are saying that Final Lap is the unofficial Pole Position 3.
Which is sort of a racing RPG spin-off that came out on the TurboGrafx-16, also known as the PC Engine.
That version was called Final Lap Twin.
As I mentioned earlier, there was Pole Position Remix for iPhone.
And Pole Position 2, it had the courses for Pole Position 2 and a new course.
And there was also a cartoon of the same name, like I said, that I watched a bunch of times.
And Pole Position showed up in the movie Daryl.
Remember the movie Daryl?
I do.
The boy who was an android.
And he won a very high score in that game.
So yeah, Pole Position.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Pole Position!
Available like 11 billion different places, seriously.
Seriously.
It was just because it was the most popular arcade game that year, I remember it, you remember it.
It's everywhere.
It's everywhere.
And you know what, we built our old main cabinet out of a Pole Position.
Nice. Very nice.
Shermie lived in it for a little while.
It was her cat condo, seriously.
That's a great use for a Pole Position machine.
My cat is, you know how fat Shermie was.
Yeah, of course.
I'm like, how the crap did she get in it?
She found the little door where the pedal was.
And she would just live, we had this Pole Position machine sitting in our apartment for a year it had to be.
Or at least half a year.
And Shermie lived in it.
Cats are amazing.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break.
But don't go anywhere because when we come back there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
More news, the Fuqua Question of the Week, your calls, and much more when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 531 already in progress for this.
December the 15th of 2013.
And you know since it is getting close to the end of the year here,
just a big Happy Holidays from all of us to all you guys out there.
Whatever it is you celebrate.
Maybe your celebration is already over.
Like dark sacras.
Hanukkah.
Well, I live in an interfaith home.
You are a Christmakah family.
Yes.
Which is fair.
So we had, we taught Julian about Hanukkah.
Because he had to study for school.
He's a really good little gambler now with the dreidel.
And he loves gelt.
Who doesn't?
And he was going around going,
Hanukkah.
And Becky and I determined that there's not a, we call it, we call it the phlegm sound.
Because there's no real translation for phlegm sound from Hebrew to English.
Other than,
Hanukkah.
Well, whatever it is you celebrate.
And Kwanzaa is the 26th.
Kwanzaa, Festivus, if you have a Festivus, pull up, enjoy it.
Yule.
Yule.
Dance naked around the tree.
Enjoy.
And just a big thank you from all of us to you guys who are such a great support for the show.
We've had a really good year this year.
And just additional exposure through, you know, Stitcher and podcasts.
And kind of, I know personally I've met a lot of other great podcasts through GamerX.
It was a great way to connect with a lot of other podcasters.
That was great.
And just so on.
So I just want to say thanks.
We've had a great year.
VOG has continued to grow, which has been great.
Brought on one or two new shows this year.
I can't remember.
I know Electric Sisterhood was this year.
I can't remember if there was one other one this year.
If that was last year.
But anyway, that hopefully continuing to grow into next year.
And just, yeah, lots of great things happening.
And you guys are all thanked for that.
Next year looks to be awesome as well.
Cannot wait for Dragon Con 2014.
Bobby and Travis Donovan done gone and got me addicted to Dragon Con.
So I'm counting down the days.
So I go back to Hotlanta for 2014.
It's going to be very exciting.
GamerX2 going to be amazing.
Like, I don't even think I can handle how amazing that weekend is going to be.
And so on.
Whatever else I end up doing.
I'm really hoping to get that New York City trip in this year that I've been needing to take for the past six years.
I'm going to go.
I just want to go to GamerX.
There's a great OLR family in New York City.
I'm sure we can make GamerX happen for you.
Okay.
That'll be easy.
All right.
So there we go.
We are going to get into some more gaming news.
Some rapid fire news.
I'm trying to buy Loki a little time because he's taking care of what he has to do for his wisdom teeth.
You all right?
Yeah.
All right.
So the rinse out was salted.
You salt water rinse.
Yep.
Don't want to get an infection.
That's fine.
I understand.
It's shoving all the salted French fries in your mouth isn't the same effect.
I really don't remember having to do that.
I do.
I remember that.
But I remember them giving me two different mouthwashes.
One of them was probably just salt water.
I don't know.
The other one had benzocaine in it.
So that's like washing my mouth out with orgyl.
And good Christmas shopping done in the break at the same time.
All right.
Let's get into some rapid fire news.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about Fez.
Fez sold quite a few copies.
In fact, they're already surpassing 1 million copies.
So that's pretty awesome.
Especially for anybody in the indie scene.
And to celebrate that, I'm not sure if they're releasing on any more platforms here anytime soon.
Oh, it is on its way to Vita, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 4.
So soon that'll be even more copies.
Elder Scrolls Online.
They finally announced the launch date of April 4th.
Man, that is going to be a busy month for MMOs.
I got to say.
PC.
Well, that's for PC and Mac.
Next-gen version not coming until June.
So if you're hoping to get on the PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, you're going to be waiting a little bit longer.
And last but not least, this is kind of surprising because I remember this game from a while ago when Atari released it.
But Marc Echos getting up.
Content's under pressure.
The kind of weird graffiti slash futuristic government totalitarian game.
Originally, like I said, put out by Atari.
And now, though, the rights have actually been snatched up and it's been released onto Steam.
So you can check it out.
Thanks to Devolver Digital for publishing that.
And that's available on Steam.
And I think it's actually, at least it was on sale.
So yes, it's still on sale for 50% off.
So $7.49 if you want to check out the game if you may have missed it.
Alright, moving on in music gaming news that isn't so happy.
DJ Max Technica 2 and Technica 3 had this online thing called Platinum Crew.
Not to be confused with the Vita version of DJ Max Technica, which I know a lot of you have.
But the arcade versions had the Platinum Crew.
Unfortunately, that is shutting down.
It will no longer be available as of December 31st.
December 31st?
Hey, what about my flan?
That's what happens when you get 30 and first slammed together, you get thirst.
If you're thirsting for some DJ Max Technica 2, you better get that in before the end of the year.
Because unfortunately, it is all going down the very last day of the year.
And unfortunately, I think that whole, I kind of think there's, I get the impression there's no more Technica coming out at all.
Because I don't think the Vita version did too hot either, unfortunately.
Because it was a lot of fun.
I think that's kind of, kind of dying.
It's too bad.
Maybe Shane can set me straight because I know he's big on DJ Max.
Oh, he says in chat, he's actually there.
Shane will link on our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
It says, sadness to DJ Max.
All but dead now.
Yeah, pretty much, unfortunately.
Alright.
Anyhow, moving on to other things.
Another thing that's shutting down is Ghosts and Goblins Demon World.
Well, hold on.
This wasn't a Capcom project, it should be noted.
This was an unauthorized sequel from an indie developer, Phantasm Studios.
They were working on a Kickstarter and, probably not a big surprise,
it got pulled due to an intellectual property dispute.
And who closed it?
Capcom submitted a request on November 19th.
Phantasm was trying to get a developer's license for the game.
It would have reimagined a lot of the Ghosts and Goblins stuff.
If for whatever reason they did not get the rights, they were going to rename it King Arthur.
That's what they were just going to call it.
However, it got shut down because I guess Capcom didn't really,
it was one of those things where it sounded like they were, just getting the impression again,
they were going to do that after the fact, not before the fact.
And Capcom didn't want the name of the game being used like that.
So I can kind of see that.
In happier news, our track record for helping out Kickstarters improves this week
as read-only memories did get funded.
I got to admit, they were really close.
It was really down to the wire, but they did make it.
So congratulations to Matt Kahn, who was on the show a couple weeks ago,
as well as everybody over at MidBoss Games that helps him out
because they did reach beyond their goal.
They hit a final tally, 64,378.
And they were trying to make 62,000 to get matched by Ouya.
But the good news is now they will be matched by Ouya.
So yeah, that game is happening.
So we're hoping that will be playable at GamerX too.
So congrats to those guys over there at MidBoss Games. Woot.
Totally cool.
Look forward to playing.
Wow. Did you see the screen capture that Bob Coffee just put in chat?
I did not.
Oh, yours don't load, do they?
Yeah, what am I looking at here?
Hi, I'm Wayne Brady from Nintendo.
Wayne Brady. That's awesome.
That's funny. Okay.
Is that a gold shirt?
Yes, it is.
Wow. Okay.
Well, it's a gold letterbox.
Well, there is a Fable Anniversary set coming out on February 4th, 2014.
That's the 1080p HD version of the original Fable.
So actually it will be a good game.
And it will also have launch day weapons and outfits pack.
And you get a loot weapon that is supposed to be pretty awesome.
In other news, there is an officially licensed Mega Man board game that's on Kickstarter.
And they are seeking $70,000 by January 19th.
And it's already over $160,000.
So people really like Mega Man.
The core version is the 25th anniversary with 9 figures.
4 of which are Mega Man.
4 robot masters and 1 Dr. Wily.
And that's a $70 dollar packet.
And then for $140 you get a deluxe version that adds Time Man and Oil Man.
And 40 card player decks and individual robot master game boards and dozens of token pieces.
So good for them.
And another cool thing, and this is actually thanks to my hubby who gave me this bit of news while I was trying to work last night.
Ultra Street Fighter 4 is going to have online training and 3 versus 3 matches like King of Fighters.
So you can get your Street Fighter 4 on KOF style.
I am just looking forward to doing my final fight team of Andore, or Hugo, sorry, Poison, and...
Guy, right?
Yeah, Guy. I think Guy is in it, isn't he?
Yeah, Guy is in it.
Yeah, and Guy.
Because that's my team.
Hagar is in it too, isn't he?
I don't remember about Hagar, but I know Cody and Guy were in Super Street Fighter 4.
They were some of the characters added there because I love playing Guy because he was my guy in Final Fight.
Guy was my alpha person. It was him and Sakura were my alpha people.
I remember when they released Final Fight Guy on the NES. It was such a big ass deal.
And you know what I have? Final Fight Guy in the box.
Although, I'm sorry, not on NES, Super NES was Final Fight Guy.
It was a Blockbuster exclusive.
What's that other, god fuck.
Mighty Final Fight was the other one.
Mighty Final Fight was the Nintendo one.
It was the SD.
It was kind of shit, you guys.
It was.
It's one of those things where everybody's like, yeah, Mighty Final Fight!
And then when they play it, they're like, wow.
But it was fun. It was fun for being shit.
Yeah.
But I mean, I'd have to say that Final Fight Guy was always my...
I had a copy of it that I had borrowed from someone who stole it from Blockbuster.
Hey, as in Alabama, we're poor!
Classy.
Fuck.
And then I gave it back, and I moved out here with my friend's Chrono Trigger that he just let me keep.
And Dan and I looked into Final Fight Guy loose, and then we looked into the box separately.
So now we have Final Fight Guy in the box.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom at live.vlognetwork.com says,
Let's just cut to the chase and do a Capcom versus SNK3 already.
Fuck yes.
Amen. Hands in the air. Hands in the air. Testify.
Preach it.
Preach. Preach.
Did I tell you...
This needs to happen.
By the way, one of the other games that we bought last night was Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, we had to buy one, get one, and we couldn't find another freebie game.
Alright, well if you had nothing better to do...
We also got Metal Gear Rising.
Okay.
So we could play around as Pretty Boy.
Alright, is that it?
Yeah.
Alright, let's go to the Fookal Question of the Week.
Fookal.
Every week on our Facebook and Google Plus communities,
we ask a question and you guys answer it.
And you know what?
Because it is the holiday season and I'm feeling awfully charitable,
I think I'm going to read all the answers tonight,
of which there are an awful lot of them.
Yay, Rob.
So heads up, guys.
You can do it.
I can do it.
Cheerleader.
Alright, here we go.
How many answers are on Facebook?
Seventeen. We can do this.
Alright.
Here's the Fookal Question of the Week.
And, oh God, this was a moment in history on the internet.
The internet just exploded and the gifts were priceless.
Because I'm sure you've all heard by now,
the bombshell that was dropped on the music industry,
when Beyonce just released a new album.
But Jesus.
With no promotion or fanfare.
And the whole internet went to the Church of Jesus Christ
and was like, preach, honey.
And on top of that, it's good.
It is a great album.
And I think my favorite thing that came out of the whole thing
is that gift where Beyonce goes to the table
and she just swipes all the albums of Katy Perry and Gaga and Miley
and everything just right off the table.
Although I will say this quickly, tangent, sorry, apologies,
but I hate this shit where we keep pitting women against each other
and there's only one women diva.
Like look, Beyonce is queen.
We recognize that's fine.
But it doesn't mean that she has to be better than all these other women
who try just suck or garbage.
Yeah, like Justin Bieber.
Yeah, like Justin Bieber.
Stop picking on her.
Yes, exactly.
You're so awful.
But you know what?
VH1 had that whole divas thing for a while, remember?
Yes.
That was cool.
Remember when they would all come together at the end and sing
and they brought out Carol King at the end
and everyone tried to out diva Carol King
and you don't out diva Carol King.
I'm sorry.
On her song.
Although I understand.
Like Beyonce just fucking out diva'd them all.
She just walked into the room, dropped the mic and left.
Like I get it, but you know.
Because she's bejesus.
I think we should support all talented artists.
And I also just like that her album is called Beyonce.
Anyhow.
So all that aside.
Shane is blowing up in chat.
I'm so sick of her.
So, so sick.
And it's a fucking huge album.
I went back to check how many.
What she did though.
What she did was unprecedented.
400,000 copies sold.
That's like Gaga and Britney combined.
There's like not just all the music,
but she's got videos out for half the stuff on the album.
All of them.
Yeah, and that's on.
And they're good videos.
Anyway, look.
Moving on.
Sorry.
But here's the thing.
You're like, what the fuck does this have to do with gaming Rob?
Didn't Beyonce sue a video game company?
Yes, she did.
But here's the point.
The gaming community is.
This is no stranger to us.
Like we see this all the time, right?
They come out in E3 and say, Hey, if you want to get this today, you can.
Like what?
What are you?
Entertainment.
We need to stop all this woman on woman fighting.
We need woman on man fighting.
I'm going to see Beyonce take out Nickelback for good.
I think everybody wants to see Beyonce take out Nickelback for good.
I would like to see it like fricking.
I don't know.
Celine Dion can take out Nickelback for good for all I care.
All right.
Anyway, so the gaming industry is no surprises.
We see these.
It's out today.
Announcements a lot.
What if you could in the gaming community have one?
I said realistic stealth announcement because I didn't want people to be like hologram gaming out today.
Like, okay, if you could get a realistic stealth announcement this holiday season, what bombshell do you want to see drop this holiday season?
So here we go.
Coming up first from Jimmy B, who I think honestly, he got five likes on this post.
So I think he kind of has the winning answer here.
But Jimmy B over on Facebook says, Half-Life 3 pops up on Steam on Christmas morning.
Internet explodes.
We're praying, everybody.
Prayer circle.
Let's all form one.
Half-Life 3.
That would be the bombshell I'd like to see.
That would melt Steam.
That would melt the internet.
Are you kidding?
Which is ironic.
Steam melting.
All right.
Jeremy Jay, our buddy from Koopa Club.
Hey, Jeremy Jay says, I'd love to see Game Boy Advance games appear on the Wii U eShop all stealth-like.
Specifically Metroid Zero Mission.
But yeah, that's a good realistic prediction.
Nintendo making more money off of old games.
Absolutely.
Degenerate Johnny says, I want Rockstar to announce that Grand Theft Auto 5 is out now for the Wii U.
It's current gen, so making a port shouldn't be a problem.
Plus, you can use the touchpad screen to help navigate throughout the city as well as play around with the iFruit app while playing GTA 5.
Sorry, Loki, but I had to speak my mind.
Why did he have to apologize?
Would you be offended by Grand Theft Auto 5 on the Wii U, Loki?
No.
All right.
It would be kind of awesome, actually, with it.
He's right.
The whole integration with the app would be pretty cool.
For the record, back to the Beyonce versus Nickelback thing.
While I think Beyonce could take Nickelback, I think Rush could take Beyonce.
All they had to do was have Neil Peart drum on her head.
Anyhow, moving on.
Our buddy from Pod Culture, Brad, says, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 emulation on the new consoles.
Don't think that's going to happen, buddy.
Sorry.
Well, the PlayStation 3 would be a lot closer because of the Gaikai technology.
That's possible.
Xbox 360, I don't know.
I mean, Microsoft will do it, maybe, if they can.
We'll see.
Fabrice A. replies and says, easy.
Sega launches a new console.
Why not stick to the classics?
Robert K. said, the rumored to-be-finished Shenmue HD is released on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network in time for the in-game release.
In time for the in-game Christmas festivities because sailors and I need hope.
Robert K. taking a game of Lucky Hit on his gander there, so good luck.
Code Man says, I would like Nintendo to announce a new Mario Galaxy.
I literally went crazy when I played the game for the first time.
I think a lot of people would like to see a new Mario Galaxy.
Fifth Dream says, is Fallout 4 realistic enough?
Final Fantasy 15?
Probably not.
But it would be cool if Sony suddenly updated the PlayStation 4 with CD, MP3, and streaming media support.
A firmware update.
That could definitely happen.
Elliot B. says, I could ask for a new Metroid Prime or Guitaro Man, but I'll go with something a little more realistic.
Heists in GTA 5 Online.
Launching the online mode without a decent selection of co-op missions was very silly.
Even the fighter jet death matches are getting stale.
Rockstar, throw us a bone already.
You agree with Elliot?
Loki?
You want to see some heists?
Heists would be fun, but I don't think it's necessarily getting stale.
But now that they have all these content creator things, it'd be cool to do your own missions.
Or make custom game types and stuff.
Cial responds and says, Capcom releases a new Good Mega Man, or a new 2D Metroid from Nintendo.
Daniel T. says, the announcement of Virtual Console crossed by, followed by a One More Thing announcing the availability of, as Jeremy said,
select Game Boy Advance titles, or in my dreams, DS and GameCube titles would make me fanboy so hard.
John from Critical Myth, our pals over there, Mondays 4 o'clock Pacific on VoG, says,
Final Fantasy XI Free to Play on PS Vita, 24th December 2013.
I think Loki would like that very much as well.
Blood Drunk replies and says, Steam Holiday Sale Day 1, Half-Life 3 status available now.
Gaben moves forth and ascends to godhood as the father and savior of gaming and ends this holiday season console wars as PC becomes the definitive master race of this generation and the next.
I feel like that response should have been read to like, duh, duh, duh.
Or in the Howard Cosell voice.
Yes. But don't expect me to do that when I'm sick.
You all know my impressions are not very good.
Jennifer L. says, I would love the next generation of Pokemon to come out all stealthily. Kids around the world would panic.
I somehow, I don't think Pokemon games are capable of coming out without hype, but that would be really funny to see happen.
Raginator says, as totally unrealistic as it may be, I'd say that for the Steam Winter Sale, everything is completely and utterly free for a certain period within the sale.
It's a pipe dream, yeah, but one can dream, right?
Maybe a Valve game will be free. I mean, they did give away Portal at one point. You never know. There might be a Christmas gift, or like a Christmas reward for participating in the sale.
That happened before once too. I think that's how I got like Alien Swarm 2 or something like that. One of those games.
And lastly on Facebook, our pal Delvin from Video Game Realness, which is a really fun podcast out of Canadian.
Delvin replies and says, some kind of major Wii U release that none of us saw coming. Not Star Fox or Metroid, like something no one is expecting.
Spanish Inquisition the game.
Then we might have a bit more restored faith in Wii U and say they knew what they were doing all along.
Sadly, I think Wii U needs the fanfare to kind of get their investors rallied up a little more, but I'm going to hope. I'm going to form a prayer circle with you.
Because I would love to see that happen on Wii U as well. And shut them haters down. Shut them haters down.
Alright, a few comments from Google+. Redertainment says, price drop on everything.
Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Wii U, PS3, 360, games, accessories, everything reduced in price. Also, I'd like a pony.
Okay, Jamie. That was a very Jamie answer.
I was trying to reply something Ron said about PC will never become the master race for gaming. All games will be nerfed to console standards. Not quite so.
Because there are some people that refuse to leave Mac. Don't forget that.
Anyhow, as far as Xbox One and PlayStation 4 and all that goes, 2014. It will be a belated Christmas gift for entertainment. Belated.
ActDeft says, a secret Nintendo Direct this week. Before we sign off, we would like to gladly announce that we're releasing F-Zero Universe.
A new installment on the beloved F-Zero franchise with HD graphics, online play, and a new customization mode so you can change your machine however you like.
When's it going to be released, you asked? Right after this Nintendo Direct is over on the Wii U eShop and a retail version in January.
How's that for a bombshell announcement?
Well, I came. That's exactly what I'd like to hear.
Rob. Rob.
I came over to the computer to place my pre-order. That's what I meant. Nothing dirty.
You don't have to call your mom.
Sam H. Please don't. Sam H. says, Uncharted 4 available today. Colin M. says, Shenmue 3. Chalk another Shenmue answer up there.
And lastly but not least, Tech 2030 replies and says, a new all hand drawn 2D Metroid game for Wii U or 3DS would make me the most excited.
There you go. I love those answers. Thank you guys over on Google Plus and Facebook. Our Fugu question of the week.
I did read them all. I was in the holiday spirit. I wanted to read them all. I like hearing people's fanboy dreams.
What about you guys? Anything you would love to see the stealth announcement comes out?
I was replying to chat room. I don't know. I mean, really right now. I don't know. I really don't know. I guess I would go with the half-life thing.
Because that would be pretty awesome. Just the half-life. Okay, we're done. Bye.
The one thing I want more than anything. Dear Jesus, for your birthday, I would really like more than anything to see after all these years and all this hoping.
Remember, pray to be Jesus. And all this praying. Oh, Beyonce.
Dear Beyonce, may I please have the Guardian Legend on Virtual Console. Yes! Can I get an amen? Yes.
Or a true sequel. I will take what I can get. We need a Guardian Legend variety game. Compile needs to rise from their grave and not do any more Puyo Pop. We need more Guardian Legend and more compile shooters.
Alright, and locally? I'd go for a new DDR. You're just keeping it civil. I just want a new DDR. I mean, that would be shocking.
Hey, we're gonna do a new T-Garian. Really? What? It's only shocking if it's good. I would like for our Roosevelt Golf Land to magically have a 2DX machine again and not get rid of it.
By the way, Scandia's gonna get a 2DX machine probably. What? Well, you may remember the guy that runs Shonigan. He has this wonderful arcade. In his garage? In his garage.
Well, it's also the drive-in, too. No, I ran into, he works at Scandia. Yeah, he's picking three of his machines to bring in there. One of which is a 2DX 20, I guess, or whatever.
We actually randomly met while I was playing some game over there, one of the shooting games, and we just started talking about his machines.
I would love to get that guy on this show if he's here locally. He's on my Facebook. Send him a message. Get him on the show.
Alright, Shane is sending me a private message in chat because apparently I skipped his answer. It's because you answered late, you jerk.
But our buddy Shane from Hoard House says, I won a stealth announcement for F-Zero for Wii U and 3DS in the same style as the ACGX versions and then unlockable GX versions in both the Wii U and 3DS.
And Jack Levin's theme making a comeback because it was the best in GX. That's an awfully tall order, but I would love to see that.
Sorry, go ahead. The current votes for machines that they are going to bring is, top three machines will go to the location, top three so far.
2DX Linkle upgraded to Tricoral, Poppy Music 20 upgraded to Sunny Park, and DGMax Technica 3.
Actually, other is number three, but who knows how other is.
I agree with all of these selections, and I forgot what I was going to say, so it doesn't matter.
Well, then let's get back into some news. Loki.
Alright. So the Xbox One, let's talk a little bit more about that. I'm kind of surprised that they kind of went back.
I guess they never really worked for retail games, but they're not requiring demos. It's up to the devs to basically decide whether they're going to put a demo for their game.
Now originally, you had to have a demo for any Xbox Live Arcade game that was out there.
But now I guess they're kind of going the route of the retail games where it doesn't necessarily have to have a demo.
I kind of think that's a little lame because games are expensive, and sometimes the demos get you to buy the game.
Or in some cases, it gets you not to buy the game if you can't beat the demo.
But yeah. I don't know. It's interesting. There is one of the demos that they're actually putting out.
I really hate, I think Nintendo was the one that kind of started this, but those demos that have a certain number of playthroughs you can do on them before they lock you out of them completely.
Like Dead Rising 3, they're going to let you play it for 20 minutes, and then you can play it for two more times other than that, and then it's done.
That's interesting.
It's not that different from what PlayStation Plus has you do. You can play the first hour, but still.
Yeah, but I remember back when they had the timed demos for Saints Row, and I played that demo over and over and over again, and it just got me hyped about the game, and I bought it immediately when it came out.
But that's how I killed my time until it came out, is by playing that demo over and over and over again.
I guess, just, whatever.
Do you have to download the whole stinking thing just to play 20 minutes, or does it do the streaming thing?
I think it's probably a shorter demo.
That's good.
It's apparently the map, but it's just 20 minutes of it.
Interesting.
And they've also hit the 2 million sales mark as of the 11th, so hooray.
Oh sorry, go ahead.
So everybody's doing well, selling lots of consoles.
Everybody's spinning it like they're winning, but at the end of the day they're both doing well. Sony and Microsoft anyway.
Here's the only thing, not that I'm worrying about any of these companies, but I'm seeing a pattern emerge here, and it's what I saw with the Wii U.
Where, oh yeah, these things are sold at. Oh yeah, they're gonna be hard to find.
And yet, I'm hearing from a ton of people, hey I just saw a pallet of those just sitting at Costco, no one buying them.
Hey, I just saw a stack of those sitting at Target, no one buying them. Hey, I just saw a stack of them over there.
PlayStation 4 is not to be found.
So it gets me worried that maybe they aren't flying off the shelves. Not to say that they're doing bad, I mean they sold 2 million units worldwide, so that's not bad, but it may be slowing down a lot faster.
And I think a lot of that has to do probably with the launch line up, there's just not a lot to drive people to buy them.
So that's my concern, and I guess it would go with PlayStation 2, because maybe they're just not producing a ton of units.
I think they're about neck and neck as far as sales go.
It should be said as well, even though maybe Nintendo's not having the best luck with Wii U, and it doesn't seem like their fortune's turning around.
I mean they're selling more of them, but it's not in the same league as these other consoles right now.
3DS still continues to sell wildfires, I mean that's a huge success story for Nintendo, so at least there's that.
So they won't be going out of business.
No.
Anyhow, speaking of sales, let's go over to the MPD numbers, and Loki you might have to help me out here a little bit, because you read into more of the stuff than I do.
But video game sales for the US in November up 7% from last year, which you would hope is going to happen when you have new consoles out.
Hardware jumped up 58%, again with two new consoles out, you would hope those numbers go up.
PlayStation 4, the top selling console in November, and PlayStation was number one in sales overall for home consoles.
My 9,000 fans will be quick to tell you that, well, they had an additional week to sell those consoles.
Whatever, again, they're both doing very well.
909,132 Xbox One units sold in the US in the first nine days, meaning over 100,000 a day.
The top selling games, here's the top ten.
Number one, Call of Duty Ghosts.
Number two, Battlefield 4.
Number three, Assassin's Creed 4.
Number four, Madden 25.
Number five, Grand Theft Auto 5.
Number six, NBA 2K14.
Number seven, Skylanders Swap Force.
Number eight, Just Dance 2014.
Number nine, Disney Infinity.
And number ten, FIFA 14.
No surprise at all, you've got your typical big sellers, the Call of Duty and the Battlefield, your Assassin's Creed.
The sports balls, Grand Theft Auto's still in there, and then the kiddie toy games with Skylanders and Disney Infinity rounding out your top ten.
Not a lot of surprises in there, right?
No. Let's talk about some of those Nintendo numbers, because we do have some numbers about Nintendo.
770,000 Nintendo 3DS's sold in November.
So the 3DS has been out for a couple years, and they sold almost as many of those as they did Xbox Ones.
Pretty good.
Also, Wii U hardware sales, they say up by 340%.
But I think we all know that's kind of a spin, because three times a little number is still not probably going to be a huge number.
But it is what it is.
But Super Mario 3D World, 215,000 digital and physical units in the first eight days.
Not too shabby, especially in light of the article from Japan that didn't have quite the impressive number last week.
But it should be noted that didn't allow it to crack the top ten.
But considering that Super Mario 3D World is on one console, and one console that hasn't really cracked through, as well as every single one of those games in the top ten that I read off, multiple formats.
Yeah, I would assume I'm looking right here at some of the weekly charts for hardware.
Trying to see if I can pull up older stuff.
That's not helping.
Anyways, for hardware though, for example, the week of the 7th, that would have been the week ago, Wii U moved 72,000 units in North America.
And the 3DS, 244,000.
Kind of give you an idea, when they're saying 700,000, you're probably looking at maybe 150,000 units of Wii U.
It's not bad.
It's good.
Again, it's one of those things where it's not going to bankrupt the company, but it's going to be very interesting to see what they do in 2014.
Like, is Nintendo going to stick with it?
And I kind of think they're stubborn enough, and they believe in it enough that I think they're going to stick with it.
I'm not sure what they're going to do to sell more, but I think they believe enough in Bayonetta, and Smash Brothers, and whatever Zelda or Mario game they have hidden up their sleeve for holiday 2014.
Mario Kart next year is going to be huge.
I think they believe enough in those that they're going to still try.
I hope it turns it around for them, because if Mario Kart or Smash Brothers can't move units, then they're going to be in trouble.
There are some people saying that Nintendo will announce a new console at this E3. No.
No. That's way too soon.
Internally, are they having that dialogue? Probably.
But, I don't know. It's going to be very interesting to see what happens at E3 this year for Nintendo.
They seem to be pushing themselves into that outside of the regular release stuff, you know?
Well, it's just disappointing. The third-party support's just not there. I mean, they're going to be showing stuff on screen.
They're always going to say that they have the third-party support, but they don't have full third-party support, and that's what's really hurt them.
Well, 3DS does.
Not necessarily. There's no EA 3DS games anymore.
Oh, wow. Okay.
Yeah, they've completely cut them off.
There's plenty of stuff on 3DS keeping it going, you know?
There's plenty of stuff on 3DS.
That's when they speak about Nintendo partners and not just 3DS and Wii U separately, you know what I mean?
Yeah, because EA's not supporting them on any of the platforms right now.
Zebediah the Messiah in our chatroom says, Mario Kart Wii U bundle and I'm in.
I think that's a guaranteed from Nintendo.
If not, you know Costco and Best Buy and all that. They're going to have their bundles, absolutely.
YYR says, Smash Brothers usually sells consoles, but I think the biggest threat to Smash selling Wii U consoles is Smash for 3DS.
Well, the other thing, too, is a lot of people already bought the Wii U for Smash Brothers, so you can't really count a lot of new sales from that.
Who buys a console for a game two years out from now?
Really?
We kind of considered.
You considered, but you didn't?
No.
You know, anyway.
I would say if you're going to get a Wii U, get a fucking Wii U because the Mario 3D World is one of the best games you're going to play this year, period.
Especially if you have people in your house to play games with or people over frequently, you will not find a better party multiplayer game experience than you will with Mario 3D World.
That's what you're missing. But, you know, again, do you want to pay three, what would that be, about $300 system plus game?
Just wait, the price will come down.
Do you want to pay $300 to be the coolest kid on the block?
I don't know.
Anyhow, let's move on. More news. Dark Sakura.
Well, I do have another bit of news, and this actually came to me by means of one of my friends who I met through Tumblr.
And I have to give you the story of how I met her later, but it was very interesting.
Trading porn pics?
No. Okay.
I love Tumblr. I'm just here for the gifts.
I was at the Russian market and saw one of their free publications with someone's Homestuck fan art on it, on the cover.
And the article that it was advertising had nothing to do with Homestuck.
So I found out who did it, messaged her, and mailed her the magazine in Australia.
Wow, that's something.
And so we've been chatting off and on back. She's a really good artist. She's done a thank you pic for me. She's a really, really good artist.
But she linked me this story about how the South Australian government is doing an anti-gaming campaign that has a little girl with shades on at a poker table looking at her iPad saying, gambling starts with games.
And basically what they're trying to do is, you know, I think it has more to do with the Facebook style and casual games.
You know, the online poker and the microtransaction type games.
But they have a site that's called nogame.sa.gov.au, which I hate giving it anything, but go look at it and laugh.
So basically it's supposed to say, it's wanting to add an MA 15 plus to any game that includes simulated gambling.
Meaning slot machines, card mechanics, even what was the last Pokemon games, Diamond and Pearl had like a slot machine thing in them, didn't they?
I don't remember.
Or, you know, any game that has some kind of variety of anything that could be construed as gambling.
So they're trying to get this bit of a...
Is Pachinko considered gambling? Because Nintendo Land has the Pachinko in it. It's totally gambling.
Well, Pachinko technically is gambling, it's just...
Final Fantasy X-2 has like, Casino Land.
Well, I mean, look at Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Casino Night Zone.
Which was like the best zone in the whole game.
MM2K in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, Australian government hates games. It sure seems that way.
Well, Ron Curry, who is the CEO of Interactive Games and Entertainment Association, has gone out saying that the view is supported by the fact that there was no consultation with an industry lead in the lead up to this policy announcement and the subsequent awareness campaign.
Meaning that they haven't even reached out to work with the companies, they're just going on a broad generalization.
And, you know, the way that this was linked to me is, have you seen this fuckery? I mean, that's not exactly what, you know, how she said it, but it was pretty much the same thing.
And she was going on to explain how there's a lot of revenue in South Australia comes from slot machines.
There's a big problem with gambling because, and I believe they're called pokies there?
But we're blaming games for that? I just, out of curiosity, I wanted to know, because you know, right here in the States right now, everybody's talking about Mega Millions, because the lottery is up to like $500 million, even I'm buying a lotto ticket, that says something.
I usually don't pay the idiot tax, as my mom calls it. You gonna pay the idiot tax, Rob? You know, when you buy the lottery tickets, you're an idiot. But anyway.
Yeah, she wouldn't be saying that if you won.
Yeah, exactly. When I win and we see what home she gets put in.
Let her retire in Boca.
Well, as she also says, it costs a dollar to dream these days, doesn't it Rob? Anyway, the reason why I bring that up is I was curious, does Australia have the lottery?
And because I don't know much about the culture there, does Australia have lottery? Maybe some chatters can set me straight. I don't know if we have any Aussies in chat tonight.
But I'm looking at Wikipedia, which I always love to go to, to look up information. It looks like there's some different types of Australian lotteries, kind of depending about where you are.
There's TATS has a lottery in Victoria, Tasmania, in the Australian Capital Territory, in the Northern Territory. And then there's some state-owned, including the South Australian lotteries.
So the reason why I bring that up is like, well, okay, wait a minute, wait, wait, wait. The government has a sanctioned lottery system, yet we're gonna pinpoint video games as don't play games because it'll lead to gambling.
Okay, well, and this is the other thing, too. And then it's actually caused, and just going by what my friend told me, and she links me to quite a bit of information, is that there, apparently when they brought in the slot machines, and I think she called them pokies, you know, like poker machines or something.
But she said that they've actually been instilled in a lot of bars and public, you know, in pubs, and have replaced like live bands playing and other things because they do bring in a lot more money.
And you don't find as many just, I guess, cultural events. They've all become these loud places that attract an unfavorable element.
And it's caused, you know, there have been political parties formed to, you know, to get rid of the legalized gambling.
And so if people are having such a big problem with it to the point that they're trying to censor games to prevent that, why don't they just pass the legislation and get rid of the machines, or else regulate them a lot harder than they are now?
Here's the other side of that. They get a lot of money from those machines. They get a lot of money from those machines.
It was like in Mississippi, after Katrina, because they didn't want the casinos on Mississippi soil so they were on barges.
And then right after Katrina hit and the casinos were like, we're going to leave because we're not going to build them on barges for the next hurricane to knock us over.
Mississippi changed their laws really quickly so that they could keep that source of revenue and keep all those jobs in Biloxi.
Yeah, it's obviously, if you know somebody that's addicted to gambling, you know, that's a real thing, but there's lots of, you can get addicted to anything.
You know, you can get addicted to video games and that's dangerous too.
It's obsessive compulsive behavior.
Yeah. So, you know, if you're going to, I like gambling. Did video games cause that? I don't think so.
I hate gambling.
I also put a limit on my gambling. Like if I go to Reno or something, I usually say, okay, a hundred dollars in fun money.
That's how much I would spend on a concert ticket to go see a AAA concert or, you know, a night out with drinks for Alan and I.
Your limit is about 10 times more than my limit because the only times I have ever gone gambling, like with a purpose, is when I had 50 cents and needed cab money and made myself $15.
Well, and it, it depends. It depends too. Like a hundred dollars is like my weekend in Reno type money, you know, that's reasonable.
But if I'm just, you know, I'm going to the Indian casino out in Roseville, I'll maybe spend $10, you know, not even that. So just depends on what I'm doing.
YYR in chat says, gambling video games might cause gambling.
Well, but I don't, I don't know. Like it's just weird for me to say that, oh, because they played it in the game, they, they got addicted to gambling.
I mean, if that, if they were wired for that anyway, wouldn't just playing gambling kind of get them into that?
It has to do with, and this is, I kind of have a problem with calling certain behaviors an addiction, except they do, they do give that same sort of chemical response.
So in that case, you're creating your own drug by performing the action. And so it comes, the only way to break that is to either remove the ability to do the action or remove the positive sensation that comes from the action.
But even with, you know, losing money, losing friends, you know, suffering financial difficulties because of the reward, the, the behavior, it doesn't stop that feeling of pleasure that somebody gets from participating in it.
Which is why you have people that are addicted to gambling. You have people that are addicted to gaming. You have people who are pathological house cleaners.
You know, it's all the same kind of pleasure response that comes from.
That's my mother. My mother will follow you in the house with a vacuum cleaner. She will, no joke. I have literally caught her doing this.
So like I had a cup of coffee and I sat it on her counter or whatever. And like, you know, I was talking to her and then I picked it up and put the cup away in the sink.
And she came in right behind me and wiped down the counter.
But it's, I'm trying to, um, there's, and for a lot of people, you know, I'm trying to, to get back to what I was trying to say with this too, is that instead of treating the enabler being the gambling or the gateway as they're calling it, the games that have the gambling element,
they need to treat the, the behavior addiction. You shouldn't penalize a whole group for something that's a problem of a handful of people.
Well, if you or someone you know got addicted to gambling and video games are to blame for it, we'd love to hear from you. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Meanwhile, back into the news, Loki.
That sounds like one of those advertisements for like Ricky Lake or something.
Call 1-877-GO-RICKY!
Did your drag queen dad beat you when you were a child? If so, call us now.
That show is such a fucking train wreck. I love it.
Cause she'd be like, oh my God, I'm not getting into this, just stand back and watch, like, oh my God.
It was always that look of her hand pressed against her face and her jaw dropped, like, I can't control what's going on.
Oh, Ricky, go back to doing, uh, uh, Waters movies.
The legit best weave pulling of all time came from the Ricky Lake show, too. Just Google it. Like, Ricky Lake weave pulling, you'll, it's fascinating. Anyway.
So, yeah.
SSJ 100 Matt says, uh, Australian PSA don't gamble or a dingo will eat your baby.
I'm sure the Australians that listen to this show greatly appreciate that, SSJ 100 Matt.
So, what do you expect? When a game service doesn't exactly work like it's supposed to, what are you to do?
Of course, you're, you know, you should go on the internet and complain. And then, of course, then the lawyers come and decide, hey, let's make this into a class action lawsuit.
In which case, that's what's happening now with a law firm investigating EA and Battlefield 4.
Um, law firm Holzer Holzer and Holzer Holzer and Fistel. I love that name. That's awesome.
Um, LLC is investigating whether EA, um, I guess, you know, claim, they claim that regarding the development and sales of Battlefield 4 and its impact on EA's revenue and project moving forward, compile, or complied with federal security law.
I don't even know what the hell that means. All that I know is people are bitching about Battlefield 4 and that I'm guessing that they're smelling money somewhere.
That, hmm, that whole SimCity thing was really fucked up and people were really pissed by that. Maybe we can get some of the money out of that.
EA's got money, right?
Yeah, EA's got a bit of money, I think. Because they charge us for everything.
Um, I'm thinking, though, that this may not necessarily be...
If the internet wins this class action lawsuit, we lose.
Well, here's the thing. It's not necessarily for, like, people that are playing the game. It's for investors, basically saying that they misled investors that they knew that Battlefield 4 was going to be a fucked up thing and that they knew that they were going to lose money and stuff.
And so that's how, you know, that's what it's all about. But, yeah, I mean, seriously, though, it's money. They smell money, they're going to go for the money. It's like blood and sharks.
What are you going to do?
The shark is delicious, but you can't eat people.
Alright, well, I know I would eat this game right up if it comes out. Who doesn't love the Seiken Densetsu series?
And if you don't know it by that name, perhaps if I said Secret of Mana? Remember that game? That was a classic, classic Super Nintendo game.
Which is sad because Legend of Mana was kind of crap.
Legend of Mana was pretty balls, but Seiken Densetsu 3, really good.
Hardcore awesome.
Secret of Evermore, underrated. I realize it wasn't really part of the same series because it was Square America's game, but underrated, I think. Time, you know, kind of was really mean to that game.
But, anyway, the Of Mana series, I think a lot of us would love to play a new game in that again.
Well, there are hints that an unannounced title in the series could be brewing, and this is because of a Christmas album that featured a song from an as of yet unreleased game.
The official page for Xmas Collections 2 includes a mention of Seiken Densetsu, the series' Japanese name, labeled as Future Project.
Now, could this be Circle of Mana? Circle of Mana was a Japanese release on iOS and Android devices, which is very strange that we don't have that here yet.
I'm pretty sure it's only a matter of time before that's translated and comes out over here.
Jamie instantly picked up her phone and started searching. Only in Japan, Jamie. Only in Japan. You can look and bookmark it.
This is why you jailbreak your devices.
Right? So, anyhow, I know I would love to see a new Of Mana game. I really hope that is something that's in the pipeline for, oh, wouldn't that be an awesome PlayStation 4 game?
A new Of Mana game? I just hope it's more Secret of Mana and less Legend of Mana. That would be amazing.
Dark Sakura, Loki? Do you think there could be any truth here? Do you think it's just Circle of Mana?
I need new pants.
Alright. Let's move on to the mailbag. Dark Sakura, unfortunately, will have to put her phone down to find the game that she's not going to be able to find.
And we're going to go to the mailbag.
Alright, every week you guys email us mailbag at orangelountradio.com and Dark Sakura's going to dive into the mailbag head first and find an email that she thinks, hey!
This one's twitching.
This one should be read on air because if I don't read it, we'll get another email next week chewing me out.
Only a couple emails this week, right? Just one or two, right?
Three.
Oh, three. Okay.
You guys do a video game podcast, but you couldn't be bothered to actually watch a video games award show. However, you were able to do a little Monday morning quarterbacking and bash the show none of you watched.
Wow. I didn't bash anything. I watched the livestream, and it was better than the usual shtick you see in award shows.
Instead of making a big deal about the subjective superlatives of best this and that, the show is bringing gamers the previews of upcoming games, something all gamers are normally excited to see.
And bashing Joel is just mean. He was hired to do a job, and I thought he earned his pay. Calling him transphobic was unfairly judgmental, considering you didn't watch the show and everything you heard about it was taken out of context.
Hey guys, you do have a right to your opinion, but next time do your homework. You do a video game podcast. It seems a little odd and disappointing that not one of you took the time to watch the show again. Wow. Sincerely, Nark.
I don't remember saying anything about the guy because I didn't watch it and I didn't have anything to say.
I didn't watch it and I was recanting things that I read across the internet. I know that people were offended at some of the things that Joel McHale said, whether you weren't or not, other people were.
Wow, I thought I was defending them, but yeah.
You know what, this guy's welcome to his opinion, but I kind of have a problem with the, because I didn't, he says, because you guys have a video game podcast, you should watch this show.
No. Why?
If it's something I don't care about watching, I don't have to watch anything.
I listen to other independent podcasts that do their award shows and I'm curious what they have to say. People like, you know, you and me that do their own shows and I read websites. What, what makes this any more or less of a deal than those?
That was not proven to me in the email. The only thing I heard in there was, Oh, they have previews of new games. Great. I did look at all of those on YouTube after.
Yeah. And if Joel was so great, why did they excise him completely from the TV version?
And I watched part of the show and I didn't, can't watch the whole thing because I had things to do that day, but I did catch part of it and I commented on the part that I saw as well as the recaps I saw on YouTube, which I know were cleverly edited together.
If I was going to be perfectly honest about it, I've been so busy with school and other stuff. I actually didn't even know it was on. So like I said, I, I have my feelings about what I've heard from that, but I don't care either way.
If you play a musical instrument, are you required to watch the Grammys?
No.
If you make home movies, are you required to watch the Oscars? That's I'm just, you know, I'm just kind of throwing it out there as like, I, I I'm challenging is, I mean, because obviously this guy puts VGX up on a pedestal, you know, which is fine.
You're allowed to do that. And maybe, maybe, maybe we were too harsh on things.
I think his criticism is that we're criticizing the show yet we didn't watch the entire show, but Oh my God, if I had to watch that entire show, I'd be tearing my hair out because it was slow. It was very slow paced. And, and I was trying to, I was trying to explain two things last week.
One, what I heard everybody else saying, because yeah, of course I'm going to kind of, you know, say, Oh, this is the feeling I was getting. And I read this person's blog that was very upset over the joke that Joel McHale said, because this was a transgender person themselves.
It was very upset at the joke, you know? So yeah, I was going to communicate that, you know, I heard some people were pretty pissed off at this joke. And then, um, uh, I'm telling you why I don't, you know, I don't watch it because I don't see the reason to.
And it's not like I can sit here on a video game show and just flat out say, which is the honest truth, that I didn't care about the fact that there was an award show. I didn't care who won and I didn't care about watching it. That doesn't make good radio.
I love video games. You, the emailer, love video games. The chatters that are here love video games, Dark Soccer and Loki love video games. That is why we do a video game podcast. End.
For the record, I really didn't care.
No, and I don't want to like sound combative or anything, although this email was pretty pointed because everybody does have a right to their opinion. And I can get where you're kind of like, well, don't shut your, shut your yap if you're going to comment on something you didn't even watch.
But I, it's what's going on out there. We have to comment on it somehow.
And this is a big human nature kind of thing, at least amongst the average neuro-typical human being. No one likes to hear when someone does not like something that they like.
A very good point. However, it must be understood that sometimes you may like something and other people either will not like it or don't give a shit about it. You have to live with that.
You wrote that article on VOG this week all about Homestuck, which is something, well, but to be fair, that's something plenty of people have judged without really looking at it themselves. Would that be accurate to say?
I'd say so, yeah.
And that could be plenty because some of the cosplayers have been boneheads, and you touched on that in the article. And so, you know, sometimes it's people giving it a bad image and so forth.
Well, when I was looking for graphics, because I wanted a good background to do the banner from, I actually found a write-up by a mother who had just thought it was the crap.
She wasn't interested in it, she thought it was corrupting her kids, and then actually took the time to sit and go through the entire thing and ended up loving the story.
I mean, a mom probably in her 50s ended up really liking it, and already a sci-fi fan found things that she could relate to in it.
And I think that, you know, maybe if I had sat down and watched it, then maybe I would have liked it, but I didn't care enough, and I didn't bash it. I don't think I bashed it, did I?
I don't know. Chris109 in our chat room says, video games rule. I agree, dude. Video games rule.
And Chris109 says, opinions. They are awesome, yet cause issues because people misunderstand it.
You know what, I'm gonna say thank you for the email, and I think if people think we need to be called out on something, then do it.
Tone is gonna be very important in that. If we get an email that says, fuck you, you fucking fuck, then we're probably not gonna respond to that in kind.
Because that's probably one of my emails.
Well, it goes back to that Facebook comment from a couple weeks ago. As long as you do it respectfully, we'll have a respectful dialogue, and then at the end of the day, have a beer and play some games.
I don't think that the email was disrespectful.
I don't either. It was a little bit pointed, but I understand why there's anger.
But I also think that at the same time, just because, and this is something actually I kind of wish I'd put in my article too, is that for, and I do understand that if you're not gonna watch something, it doesn't put you in a position to bash it.
However, it doesn't mean that you can't, you know, take a community-wide opinion and report on it. Which is what we did.
Have you bashed Lady Gaga's album without listening to it?
Well, I haven't listened to it.
I'm just asking the listenership out there.
There's people who will flat out just bash Lady Gaga because she's her.
Or bash a movie that you haven't really seen. Or bash a musical.
Or bash Nickelback because it's cool.
Well, okay, let's be real though. Yes, I have heard plenty of Nickelback, unfortunately, and all that's just, I think we can all agree Nickelback sucks.
Next email, sorry.
Season's Greetings and Salutations, O.L.R. I love when people say that. You know what movie that line came from? Heathers. Greetings and Salutations.
I love Heathers. I need to watch that.
Had Shannon Doherty in it. She was awesome.
So was Winona Ryder.
I love Winona Ryder. I want her to be my sister or something.
When Winona Ryder showed up.
My dream family is like George Takei as my daddy and Winona Ryder as like my cool older sister.
Betty White as your grandma.
Betty White as my grandmother.
When Winona Ryder showed up in Star Trek, I was so excited.
I know, and then they cut like half her seams.
So disappointing. Anyway.
Okay, firstly, I hope Rob is recovering from the VOG plague.
First, I heard it affect Jess from USL, then Shane from Hoard House, now Allen and Rob.
To prevent yourselves from getting the plague, all VOG members should perform the anti-VOG plague ritual.
It involves a dead hippo, burnt out TV tubes, short bits of string, and fire-breathing squirrel. No.
I feel a lot better today than I did yesterday. I don't have a temperature and I'm not like congested in the head.
It's just I have stuffiness, but I'll be back to work tomorrow. It just sucks to be sick on a weekend when I had social stuff planned.
I love everybody in the chat. Chris, Winona, and I know they really suck.
Anyways, the reason I am emailing you all is because this week has been a significant week for my mobile gaming.
For the past few months, I've been playing a mobile game called Jurassic Park Builder.
It's basically a run-of-the-mill sim game involving filling your park with dinosaurs and leveling them to create cash.
This cash can be used to expand your park, place buildings, and deck out your park.
This week, I was taken aback with the game's recent update, which integrated a dinosaur battle arena.
This arena allows your dinosaurs to battle against the AI's dinosaurs, and soon it will integrate multiplayer into this battle system.
This new update has totally changed the flavor of the simple management simulator into becoming a strategic Pokemon-like fighting game only with dinosaurs.
With that being said, have you ever encountered an update on a non-MMO game that changed the very nature of the original game?
How did you feel about those changes? Not so sincerely, Degenerate Johnny.
That's a really tough question, because in this day and age, I mean, we're used to the whole patching and things like that,
but like, you know, that's something new in the past ten years where games are updated like that and changed like that.
That's only new since iPhone. I honestly can't think of anything.
I know one, Mortal Kombat 2, from the beta versions to the new ones because you lost your infinite combos as they tweaked stuff.
Ooh, Luminous on the iPhone actually made it playable, because the first version was awful, but then they actually changed the control scheme and it's actually playable.
That was a big one. Let me say this though, I'll answer the question with this, so I'm going to take it a slightly different direction, sorry about it,
but back in the day, I remember when sequels would go in really random directions.
Like Zelda 2? Right, Zelda 2 for better or worse. I did a Let's Remember this week, plug plug, on my YouTube channel, Rob Roberts Plays,
youtube.com slash Rob Roberts Plays, plug plug, but I did a Let's Remember for the game Donkey Kong 3.
Yes, that one was bizarre. Wasn't it? Yes, it was very bizarre because it was such a departure, and I even talked about this in the video,
it was such a departure from Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr., because those two were platformers.
Although I think it had more in common with Junior. Well, Donkey Kong 3 was a fucking shooter game.
Yeah, but it was with the Donkey Kong skin on it. But the otherwise look of the game, I think, had more in common with Junior.
Except for the fact that Stanley disappeared, never to be seen again, except in obscure references in Smash Brothers,
and I think was in a Game & Watch game, but that's really it. But I think about back in the NES games,
sometimes sequels were really radical departures from the original games, absolutely.
Even Castlevania 2 really played, I mean, sure it was still the whole jump and whip and all that type of stuff that the first game had.
But what a terrible night for a curse. But the first game was more of an arcade game, where the second game was more of an adventure backdrop.
It was more of an annoying game. I love the sequel though. 3 was great. Anyway, that's the best we can do with the answers there.
By the way, SSJ100Matt says that Heathers is going to be an off-Broadway show.
Well, I was going to say in chat as well, Raginator, talking about Heathers, Raginator in chat says,
Heathers also gave us the line, well fuck me gently with a chainsaw.
It also gave us the line, Big Fun was one, and I love my dead gay son.
If you're a fan of Orange Lawns Radio, you do need to watch the movie Heathers. Have you seen the movie Heathers, Loki? Please tell me you've seen Heathers.
No.
Oh my god, Loki, you're killing me.
Oh my god, that's the best movie.
It also was like...
They used to play it on Comedy Central like every other day.
Great pate, but I really must dash if I'm going to meet that funeral.
Alright, anyway. Watch Heathers this holiday season. You'll thank us later.
And it's the movie that got Que Sera Sera stuck in my head every time someone says the name Heather.
Last email.
Dear Orange Lawns Radio, with the release of some less than stellar Wii U and Super Mario 3D World sales figures this past week, it has been provided yet another excuse for doom and gloom for the console.
This led me to wonder when exactly sales figures started mattering to people who aren't investors, more than liking the games and the systems that were being played.
I myself have loved my Wii U since release date, and it has absolutely changed how gaming has fit into my life.
My boyfriend has become an avid gamer due to a mixture of first-party titles and indie releases that he would never have bothered playing elsewhere.
The system never fails to create memories at parties, and Nintendo's mastery of the couch co-op style of gameplay is still as evident as ever.
But even loving the system as much as I do, I am still given pause to doubt myself when I hear people focus so heavily on something as impersonal as sales data as something that should speak to the quality of a system.
I understand that low sales numbers have a heavy implication on the future viability of a system, but what does this have to do with the games that are out?
How are the existing games made any better or worse because fewer people have played them?
People never seem to poo-poo games exclusively that are niche titles and have limited sales potential, yet any big-budget or big-name title that underperforms always seems to face this criticism these days.
So my question to you is this. Now that companies make such public displays of game sales and sales data for gaming-related products are so easy to locate, is liking a product enough?
I am always willing to speak well for titles I enjoy, never to the exclusion of others, whenever the topic arises, but is there something else that can be done to improve the image of products such as Super Mario 3D World, which will likely have its spectacular reviews overshadowed by being one of the lowest-selling 3D Mario titles ever?
Was that it?
Thank you for the entertainment you provide each week, and, um, Daniel.
Because I don't say last names on there.
I think that was a good email, and thank you for that.
And thank you for your masterful grammar.
Sales shouldn't matter to your enjoyment of the game.
No, it shouldn't.
Oh for fuck's sake, I like Xanadu.
Haven't we talked about this on a previous show as well? There's those cult games that maybe not everybody necessarily played, but you love.
Like I talked about, there's a great card game called Cultcept that's like Monopoly meets Magic the Gathering. Love those games.
But they don't sell beans here. In fact, I think they didn't even come out with a 3DS version here because those games didn't sell very well, which was a tragedy.
But yeah, you should like what you're gonna like, no matter what.
There should be no shame in your game.
Yeah.
You know, I love bad movies better than some of the top rated Oscar winning movies ever. I picked up Barbarella recently and I fucking love that movie because Jane Fonda was hot, sorry.
But, um, but I mean, it shouldn't be a guilty pleasure. It should just be a pleasure. And if you love it, fucking love it.
It doesn't matter how well or how niche or how many copies is sold or anything. Just like what you like.
Um, I think you're right. I think there's a lot of, um, well, well, it's, it's the whole thing about some people feel that theirs has to be the best, that theirs is better than everybody else.
It's that whole fanboyism.
That's awesome Unicorn.
Oh yeah, in the chat?
I love you awesome Unicorn because I also read grammar and etymology books for fun.
You should change your nick to awesome emailing Unicorn.
Um, what was I going to say? Um, ah, you made me lose my tangent with that. Uh, lose my thought.
Um, Barbarella Psychadela.
But people, people should play whatever they, they want and like it. And oh yeah, the fanboyism.
People will use sales figures and wield it as a weapon as something like, you know, look at, look at what's going on with PlayStation four and Xbox one.
They're both selling well, but still the fanboys are going to say, oh well, but it's because the number of regions this is selling in and it's because of, you know, such and such.
And to be fair, we've asked those same questions on the show, but that's because we know there's spin going into this from Microsoft and Sony.
And we are kind of curious like which one is, is, is selling a little better, but that doesn't make the other system worse necessarily.
I'm a Wii U owner. I like my Wii U an awful lot, even though I didn't necessarily care for the wonderful 101 and I'm going to hear shit about that nonstop this week.
But I love Mario 3D World. It is one of my top five games of the year for sure. Um, and I, I know Nintendo is going to put out some great stuff for it in 2014.
And there are more reasons to buy a Wii U right now than there are to buy a PlayStation four or Xbox one.
Will that be the same story in 2014? That's what I'm a little worried about for Nintendo's sake, but 3DS will keep them afloat.
And you know what? Like whatever you're going to like. There's lots of great games to justify a Wii, excuse me, justify a Wii U purchase.
Love is not wrong, but it can sometimes be really gross and sticky.
All right. Uh, is that it?
Yerp. That is it for emails. Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
And by the way, I would like to go back and still thank NARP for the email. Thank you for being honest with us and making your opinion known.
I said thank you for that email as well, didn't I?
But I didn't say thank you and I'm saying thank you so that he doesn't think I'm a total bitch. I am only a 95% bitch.
Thank you to Generate Johnny too, because I don't think we thanked him for the email either.
Thank you. And thank you unicorn friend with the great grammar.
All right. Thank you to everybody who takes the time out of the week to say hello to us. We appreciate it.
And thank you to anybody else who loves Xanadu and Barbarella because those are the two best movies ever.
Uh, no.
You watched them at my Bachelorette party when we were eating jello shots.
What is this fuckery?
And it was awesome because I fucking love those movies.
Of course, then again, I love Showgirls and that's my Halloween tradition is to watch Showgirls.
Which we did at my house and drank wine and watched Showgirls and it was great.
And Miss Monet was with us. Is she a gamer? Because we need to get her on the show. I don't think she is.
But we should have her on the show anyway.
We should. She can teach a pole dancing class during the show. Our friend Monet is a pole dancer.
I used to work with Monet, which I knew Monet before. I knew Rob and I knew Monet separately.
And then I found out that they knew each other. It's like my circle of Rob.
Because there's Kat and you guys know Mystique.
Through my, for my birthday party last year, Monet had a pole dancing class.
We talked about this in Hoard House because Extefer came to the pole dancing class and he was really good at it.
And then like this was so random. Apparently him and Monet ran into each other at like a postal service concert and they remembered each other.
The world is such a small funny place sometimes.
It is. But no, there was mention on my Facebook about doing a Cards Against Humanity session.
Good times. Alright.
Because I've been getting my 12 days of Cards Against Humanity.
Alright. This is too much talking about people that our listeners don't know. So we need to get into the effort.
We need to introduce our listeners to these people.
We need to get into the FUs of the Week.
Our Sakura, FUs of the Week.
Um, I'm good. FU to the sick. FU to the plague.
I will follow her because I have the exact same FU.
FU to the fact that I got sick, especially when I had a weekend where I actually had a bunch of stuff planned.
I was supposed to go wine tasting with friends this weekend who drove up from out of town and I couldn't fucking go.
But they did the most adorable thing for me and I just love friends.
Hugs and kisses if you guys are out there listening.
And I was supposed to go to a big holiday party with some of my friends here locally and that was supposed to be Friday night.
Couldn't go because I was sick and it's rude to go to a dinner party when you're sick and cough on all the food.
So, boo! Anyhow, uh, Loki?
I'm just FU'd to the fact that I still have to heal up for a while before I can actually eat real food.
Everybody's giving FUs tonight to conditions. It's a theme tonight.
And why not? Let's give an FU to Volition and Deep Silver for their fucking broken ass game.
Because I would like to play that.
Oh, I have another FU.
And it goes to you and Victoria.
Hey, FU.
For Frivolo.
Oh, it's great wine, isn't it?
Because I bought a bottle and normally I'm not a sweet wine person.
As I describe this to Victoria, it tastes like angels pissed in my cup.
It was amazing.
Frivolo's really good. That winery should pay me money for that endorsement.
For the record, don't buy it at Whole Foods. Go to Total Wine because it's four bucks cheaper.
Or just go to the winery. It's not far. Well, if you live here.
I've never, you've never taken me. You need to take me, Rob, next time you go.
Alright, let's see. What else do I want to say?
We've got a couple more stories for you guys.
And then Twitter topics and the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR.
And our username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio. Although, I've got to admit, I'm a little bit worried.
Bobby didn't have a single caller tonight on his show.
Are we going to get people to call into OrangeLawnsRadio? We shall see.
Coming up in a moment. But first, some quick stories here. Loki.
So the Oculus Rift is moving along. They just received 75 million dollars in funding from the venture capital firm Andressen Horowitz led by, I guess that was it, Mark Anderson.
Why does it seem like there's too many, or Andresen? There's too many letters in these words.
It's like they have extra E's in there.
Anyways, and he's the founder of Netscape. Man, I remember Netscape. That was the browser to go to before Firefox.
It was. Netscape was the bomb. Dial into Prodigy, then fire up Netscape.
You know what we used to call it back when I was on AOL because there was a big rivalry?
No, no. Prodigy, I mean. We called it Buttigy. For some reason we called it Buttigy.
That doesn't even make sense.
I know it didn't. And Netscape, by the way, was Nadscrape.
Oh, I always heard Nutscrape.
My first website was designed in Netscape. That shit was the bomb.
So anyways, apparently they liked what they saw, and I'm sure 75 million dollars in funding can only help.
They've already secured, I guess, previously 16 million dollars in the first round of funding in June.
I'm very curious to see what happens. Hopefully one day I will have an Oculus Rift myself.
Getting closer. Getting closer to this total immersion future or something.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom says, on Prodigy we just called AOL AOL because that was insulting enough.
You know, I remember AOL when it was DOS.
I remember when it was free. Because they kept sending you those 30 day trials.
No, I remember having a phished account. I didn't phish it either.
I remember when AOL was Quantum Link on the Commodore 64, and I used to dial into BBS's on my 300 baud modem.
It's hardcore, bitches. Hardcore.
You know, I still have my same, when they went to where you could have your free accounts.
I actually still have the same username on my AIM from that account. It's DarkSakura.
But I hide so no one can find me.
I was going to say, wait a minute, now you're going to get tons of AOL Instant Messages.
Who uses Instant Messenger anymore?
Me and Becky and Victoria and a few people.
Most of the people I've been friends with from my old AOL days.
I didn't use Facebook Messenger either. I have a messenger that I prefer, but even then I only talk to like two people on it.
I only keep AIM up because there's maybe like a handful of people. And sometimes some of my friends from Alabama are on it.
It's all text messages now. It's kind of where people are.
Yeah, but it's easier to type.
Yeah, I understand. Alright, one more story for you guys.
And don't read too much into this, but it's very exciting to know that Nintendo has renewed the trademark for Metroid Prime.
And a lot of people are doing, you know, shaking and crying because, ooh, this means there's going to be a new Metroid Prime on Wii U.
Well, there might be. You never know.
I mean, it would certainly make a lot of sense for Retro to go and do another Metroid Prime game for the Wii U.
But we do know that the trademark was renewed on August 13, 2013.
Probably just to protect, you know, the games that already exist.
Because you know Nintendo loves to package up its old shit eventually.
And on the next Nintendo console, we'll probably have GameCube games and Wii U games, or excuse me, Wii games downloadable.
So, you know, they just want to keep that trademark out there for sure.
But wouldn't it be nice to have another Metroid Prime game?
Maybe that will be their ace in the hole at E3. We'll see.
They've got to somehow undo what Metroid does.
What was, I don't even remember the name of it now. Zero, not Zero Mission. That game was good.
I don't know what game was good. Metroid, what was the Team Ninja game? The Other M.
Even though I didn't hate Metroid Other M. I didn't think it was as bad as a lot of people do.
But it definitely felt like it was a different company's game, not a Nintendo game.
Anyway, we're going to open up the Skype line.
It's open. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
You can give us a call right now if you'd like.
If there's anything you want to share or talk about maybe that we didn't bring up or something we did bring up, who knows.
Give us a call and we will talk about it.
In the meantime, I'm going to go to Twitter Topics and see if Loki has any last minute stories or Dark Sakura. Who knows?
Nope.
No, I don't really have anything at the moment.
Alright, well good thing the phone is ringing and we can actually go to some calls. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
The only one with the fastest internet finger in the whole wide internet chat. It's Rama.
You're very good at this Rama. What's on your mind, buddy?
I do try. There are some topics I do want to cover real quick and I've got to be on my merry little way.
See, I feel with Loki with the whole dentist thing because once I went to... I had my three impacted teeth pulled out before I had to do an eight hour shift at work.
Oh, God.
I'm thinking, okay, get it done. Drop off the meds. Go to work. It won't be that big of a deal.
Twenty minutes into my shift, I'm like, it hurts. It hurts. Take my break. Grab the meds. I was pretty much floating on cloud nine for the next eight hours after that.
Oh my. How did you even work a shift on those? I can't believe you didn't just somehow get the day off or something. I don't know.
I have a high tolerance for pain. There was that time that I dislocated my knee and they gave me Tylenol 3. They gave me a week prescription. I only needed it for one day.
Let's see. The whole YouTube debacle about them flagging videos. That's okay. I understand. I feel those users pains because some of my videos get flagged as well.
Some of our OLR episodes that have been posted on YouTube are getting flagged and it's making me question if we should continue to do it, to be honest, because it was all a kind of experiment anyway.
But there's been a couple people that have been very vocal about their support of the YouTube posting, so I am trying to stick it out for them.
It's so very nice that they welcome us in open arms. Hey, you fucking stole that shit. Did you make that?
That's how I feel, but whatever. Anyway, sorry, Rama.
It's cool. It's cool because the issue is with my videos, the Japanese come to make the albums of Sony, EMI, and them.
They will have the videos flagged because us videographers who record masquerades, they realize we didn't get permission to use their music in the video.
And I'm like, I didn't put the song in there. It was part of the skit. It was part of the musical or whatever.
And I just put back, under fair use, leave me alone please. Worst case scenario, some countries can't see my videos.
Yeah. Still, that's so irritating to even have to go through that, you know?
The whole 38 Studios bid? I'll tell you what. I will give 38 Studios fair value for all their franchises. $20. I believe I'm being more than fair.
That's not even the price of the game. Well, maybe it is now actually. I could be wrong. It could be the price of the game now.
Exactly!
I'm just thinking there's not a lot of call out there for a sequel to Kingdoms of Amalur. Although, I know some people really liked it. It's not like I heard nothing. It's not like it was a crap game. It was decent from what I hear.
So I am. I'm actually kind of surprised no one wants the sequel rights, but I don't know. Whatever.
It's weird.
Yeah. And last thing before I get out of here. I am returning to my Pokmon roots.
Oh, you're going back to red and blue? What are you doing?
I'm playing the game again. I picked up a copy of Y.
You know what? The new 3DS games are really good. Are you having fun with it so far?
I don't know. It's still sealed. I told myself I am not unwrapping Y till I finish A Link Between Worlds.
That's fair. Because I was going to say, if you're going to sit there with an unopened copy of the game, I will sic Shana Linko on you.
Uh-uh.
By the way, I'm fairly certain that Dan's gifting me that for a holiday mess. I'm getting X.
I told him I wanted X.
So you'll have somebody to trade Pokmans with.
I only bought the game for one reason. Toys R Us had it on sale last week or last for 20 bucks. I got Best Buy at a price match it.
Here you go. It's a good deal. It's a steal for that game.
That's what I did with my Mass Effect 3. Got it for 10 bucks cheaper.
Why not?
And then everyone on my Facebook is like, can I get it for X? Can I get it for X? I'm like, I don't know. Take it in.
Ask them. They might be nice. Couple people have said, Best Buy. I was able to price match you for X as well because they're practically the same game.
Yeah, they are the same game. Pretty much.
All right, Robin. Thanks so much for the call. Appreciate it.
No problem, dude.
Take care. An Anime Jam session. Everybody listen Tuesday nights.
Oh yeah, one more thing before I get out of here.
Next week, I do believe is the 24th for our show. That's going to be our final show of the holiday before we take a break.
We will be doing the Anime Jam session. We're getting crunked Christmas Eve special.
You guys are going live on Christmas Eve? That's impressive. You guys are hardcore.
It's because we'd rather get drunk with our friends and guests than our own families because if we're with our families, we're going to drink anyway.
I love it. Unfortunately, I have plans with my own family on Christmas Eve, but if I get back in time, I'll join you all for a round.
I'm probably going to have to drink to make it through our Christmas Eve.
I know, right? I know, right? All right.
You know what? Spend Christmas with your family. Spend Christmas with the drunken bastards of Anime Jam session.
I love it. I love it. We'll have a great show, but you still have one more show before that because this week coming up is the 17th.
This week, we have a lot of stuff coming up and then that following week, all bets are off.
All bets are off. You know what? This week is the Hoard House Holiday Special and I'm going to tell you, it's a doozy. Hold on to your butts.
Well, I have one thing to say about that. May the fierce be with you.
Okay. All right. Talk to you later.
All right. Bye.
Have a good day. All right. Actually, wait. Rama doesn't like Beyonc. Oh, well.
1877 Game O.L.R.
May the Jesus be with you.
Or use your name on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. All one word. Again, that's 1877 Game O.L.R. or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Let's go to the phones. I think we have another call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Reginator.
Hey, Reginator. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, two things. I was going to do kind of a rant about the whole YouTube group. Since that's going to take a little while, I just want to get the quick thing out of the way.
Since I'm feeling a little generous, I'm going to do a little game giveaway. A Steam game.
Yeah. In fact, this weekend, since it was a Steam sale on DinoDA, where the game was basically $2 for a single copy or four-pack for $6, I can't figure what the hell.
Pick up the four-pack, keep a copy for myself, giveaway dollars.
He's Santinator tonight. Tonight he's Santinator.
So, I can't figure what the hell. Giveaway is one of the copies of the game tonight on O.R.
And what we'll do is, well, I'm going to ask a person directly in chance that way you guys don't get an unfair advantage because of the delay.
And the first person that answers the question directly, go ahead and shout the answer out in text in chat.
And we'll get the game.
Alright. Then you post that question in chat.
And I'm posting it right now.
Alright. Giveaway question. On Steam and according to record, what is my most played game in my total play time? Please list the game's full correct title.
I'm going to let the chatters have it, but I'm almost positive I know what it is. Does it have to do with cards?
I can't say.
Alright. I think it does. There's your hint.
So, you wanted to rant a little bit on the YouTube thing. Now, I'm going to ask you to try to keep it a little bit concise because we do want to end the show at a reasonable hour.
But what's your thoughts on the YouTube thing?
Alright. Here's the thing. On one hand, I know that companies be it Nintendo or Valve or Microsoft, whoever, yeah, they would like to protect their IPs.
That's understandable. But at the same time, you know, fans be it Bobby Blackwell, yourself, me, whoever, we like these games.
We want to support games. And we want to promote the games.
What we do is show off these games. And we're effectively giving these games free publicity. We're doing PR for these games.
And the game manufacturers are not paying us one representative for this promotion.
Let me ask you this. I'm going to interrupt you real quick just to ask a tough question because, you know, yes, we're giving the games free publicity, but doesn't a game maker have a right to say, I don't want that publicity?
No, that's one way of looking at it. I didn't look at it that way or consider it. But at the same time, I can't figure out why a company would want free publicity for the game.
Because I already mentioned that assuming that the game isn't crap, you know, they want publicity for the games because usually they'll garner extra sales.
Like Casey Point, earlier this year, Bobby Blackwell on Twitch, he had showed off Sacred Citadel, which is the go forth and conquer game.
And I saw the stream and I liked the game, bought the game. So what was it, Deep Silver that put the game out? They made $15 off the game because of that stream.
So, I mean, but that is a testimony to when it works. But, you know, so I guess a company does have the right to say they don't want to do it.
But the thing that really irks me about the whole thing, Raginator, are the people, I mean, if the gaming company puts in the injunction, that's one thing.
Fine. Nintendo doesn't want their games to have monetized YouTubes or they want the money or whatever. Fine. That's their prerogative.
But it's when you have these other websites like ForGamer or Machinima or whatever, and they're the ones that I get content ID matched with.
That's not right because that wasn't their, it wasn't their stuff to content match in the first place. It wasn't their game. You know what I mean?
Yeah. All right. Raginator, I got to let you go. Let us know, though, in chat who ends up winning that code and we will talk to you later.
All right. Have a nice night.
You too. All right. 1-877. I always love the generosity of the listeners, too, to be giving away codes and stuff like that. Good luck.
Although, I kind of think Dark Tetsuya said what I would have said, so I kind of think he's going to win it, but we'll see.
1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to give us a call.
Let's see. Going to some of the tweets that we got tonight. Retertainment sent us a tweet that we did touch on earlier in the show, but just to mention it again.
The Read Only Memories Kickstarter got funded. Yay! And I noticed MidBoss Games even retweeted our tweet that we were going live tonight.
So they're supporting us just like we supported. You guys rule! You guys rule.
I'm feeling the love.
I am feeling the love. Just you wait for GamerX, too. The whole lot of you are getting glomped. Right, DarkSakura?
If I get to go.
All right, you will. All right. We'll make it work out.
So, Rob, you have to cosplay with me.
Oh, God. Okay. If I lose 20 pounds, then I will cosplay with you.
That's not going to happen.
Fuck you!
I had to go there. No. Rob.
Fuck you with something hard and sandpapery.
No. It can happen, but I would invite you to go to the gym with me.
You know I go to the other gym.
I know you do, but I can get you into my gym.
All right, anyway. We'll talk later about that. Meanwhile, we got some tweets.
Trust me, if my fat ass could lose 20 pounds, you could do it easy.
No fat shaming. We shouldn't fat shame ourselves.
No, but I can say I'm fat if I want to.
No, but I saw that video this week, but anyway.
You know what?
I just, I feel for health reasons, I feel, I know I can be better, have a better body than the one I'm at.
You know what? As long as you love you.
I know I can do, I do love me, but I know I can do better.
All right, anyway.
Moving on. Awkward talk!
Moving on. We have some tweets.
We have some tweets.
Guy trollingly applies to a college football coaching job, citing his years of Madden and NCAAF playing.
Do you think that we would be eligible for a job at a gaming company just because we did this podcast?
I will actually, I will say, and I think I've talked about this on the show.
I'm not going to tell you who, but twice I've applied for positions with gaming companies.
One of them I actually was really close with and I decided to, because I would have had to relocate and I would have had to stop doing the show and everything else.
I decided to not go forward with it.
And I'm not going to tell you who it was, but you guys know I am a corporate teacher.
That's what I do during the day.
It was a corporate teaching job with a video game company.
That's cool.
And it would have been really cool.
And it was just the relocation kind of like, I couldn't do it because of where they wanted me to go, you know, would have been tough.
But, um, yeah, so, um, but yeah, I mean like, you know, but, but does the fact that we do a podcast mean we should work for video game companies?
Not necessarily.
Well, I mean, if it's graphic design than that for you, that's good.
Yeah, Loki does sales, you know, so, you know, maybe that type of stuff would be good for him.
I would love to do design for like digital manuals and that type of thing.
SSG 100 Matt says, I've cited OLR in a job interview once. Didn't get the job. Sorry to hear it.
I have had, I've used people for references though. Um, as, uh, as people have listed Orange Lawns Radio as job.
Didn't you do that dark soccer? You put OLR down and me as a professional contact.
I put OLR down, um, well, you were already one of my references, but I put OLR down as a client for freelance design.
And I put myself down as art director for VOG.
I have used it as a example of management skills.
Doing this show and keeping you two in line. I'm just kidding.
We all, we all help each other out to be honest.
All right. Uh, let's see. I had one other tweet here I wanted to read.
Yes, it was from Eric RPG sent us a tweet and, uh, it was just a link over to a Kickstarter for Grapple Knight is another Kickstarter.
So I'm assuming this is a Kickstarter he's behind.
It's a 2D platformer that pays tribute to the golden age of Super Nintendo.
Sounds good to me. There's a lot of these, uh, Grapple Knight is, uh, something he wanted to give a shout out for on Kickstarter.
So check that out. Um, let's see. Just trying to see if there's any other tweets.
Oh, I want to mention this. Uh, we're going to get her back on the show for sure at some point, but do you remember?
Yeah. Do you remember our buddy? She came on the show right after it was announced she was going to be on the tester three.
Our buddy Oscar was on the show. Now she was funny enough. We didn't know this. She called in just out of the blue.
We didn't arrange the interview or anything. She knew a listener of the shows.
I hope Stan's still listening if he's out there. Thank you for hooking that up.
But, uh, she called into the show one night and it happened to be the week before she got kicked off the tester three.
Yes. She was very cool, but she was very cool. We had a lot of fun with her. We'll get this.
She's on the King of the Nerds season two. And I'm like, girl, I know you can't talk about if you won or lost the thing. I understand that.
But I'm like, win or lose, you have been on the tester and King of the Nerds. You are the nerdiest reality show contestant of all time.
So anyway, I just thought that was hilarious that she's on that show now. So we'll have her back to talk about that, which sounds like Rama saying, fuck King of the Nerds.
Well, he'll be really excited for that interview then. Retertainment says she's on actual TV. Yes. Crazy, huh?
So anyway, uh, let's see other stuff I wanted to mention.
Uh, Peaker Uno tweeted the show and said, I missed last week's topic, but one of my favorite TV programs was Nightmare, a virtual reality RPG game show in the nineties.
I remember that kind of.
That's awesome. Anyhow, uh, I don't think we're getting any other calls.
So that's a little by, yeah, I'm going to go ahead and close up the Skype line.
I have one last bit of, uh, go ahead and then we'll close up shop for tonight. Um, so this is pretty exciting.
I've been actually waiting for this to happen. Duke Nukem 3d Megaton edition has now added steam workshop support and a level editor.
Wait, does it have multiplayer play yet online?
Um, I'm assuming if it has the level, I'm surprised it doesn't fit already. But, uh, anyways, yeah, there's a bombshell announcement.
I could use 60 maps for download already and they're adding their own rating system and mini forum.
And the game's also 75% off until tomorrow, which means I'm going to buy that right now.
Oh my God. I just realized something. I have to check drunken robot pornography.
Why? See if they've updated because remember I've still been playing the alpha.
That's right. Uh, me too with, um, uh, audio surf too.
There's been getting little updates here and there. So, uh,
I've got my steam cards I can buy.
Yeah, I think by the game mean it's only $2 and 49 cents.
Is it really? It's only $2 and 49 cents.
Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good one.
All right. Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem 3d together, $3 and 74 cents.
Tempting, tempting. All right. Um, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry video.
Thank you guys so much for listening to us stay in here for the whole show, uh, the whole way through for us.
I hope we could entertain you during your day with our chatter about video games.
Um, wherever you're listening to us, whether you're here live Sunday night, just chilling with our show,
or, uh, if you're listening to us on your commute or at your work day on Monday, uh,
thank you so much for taking the time out to listen to Orange Laundry radio and supporting the show.
Support independent broadcasting. There's so many hardworking people like us out there that do this just for the love of it.
Please go forth and download lots of indie podcasts.
Remember word of mouth is key to the success of this show because there's so many, uh,
so many of these big corporate podcasts that have much money in their pockets that can buy the promotion and so forth.
We can't do that. So all we ask if you enjoy the show, tell a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word.
They're not as cute as us. No, they're not. They're not. We're very, super adorable. Absolutely.
We are the, we are the most prettiest. Um, thank you guys once again for checking out the show.
Uh, leave a nice review. If you wouldn't mind saying a nice word on iTunes reviews, that'd be great.
Or a Stitcher reviews are hugely helpful too. Uh, I directly attribute the increase we've had, uh,
in our exposure on Stitcher to those of you that taken the time to write the reviews. So thank you so much.
And, um, I don't know what else to say. Thank you guys again for, for listening.
You guys are great and have a great holiday season. Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Uh, Loki, your final thought for tonight.
You have another game to play now.
What's that? Duke Nukem or?
Actually, it's two games. Duke Nukem and Shadow Warrior.
All right. We'll work on it. Uh, my final thought for tonight is I may just have to get that Grand Theft Auto 5 on sale.
I think Loki might have finally broke me. We'll see. Uh, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight.
It wouldn't let me, um, buy you a fractal on my Steam app, so I have to do it when I get home.
Aw, shucks.
But you're worth the $7.
That's always nice.
I love you more than Loki. He only spent $3 on you. I spent $7. Hi.
Wait, what? $3? I spent $3 on me? What are you talking about?
See? I would have gotten you fractal if you didn't already have it.
Leave us reviews that are nice and sweet because we're cute.
That's right.
Uh, to paraphrase, um, we're O.L.R. and we're pretty. How's that?
Alright, well thank you guys again. And Bobby too. Have a wonderful week. Bobby is especially pretty.
All the VOG shows, dammit. We're all pretty. And all the indie shows you listen to. I mean, there's lots of great ones out there.
I know a lot of you support various indie shows. I know a lot of you listen to the shows over on All Games.
They would love to have your support with Stitcher Reviews as well. I know a lot of you, maybe like Gamer Tag Radio and some of these shows that have been on, like, ages like we have.
They all appreciate the support.
By the way, I'm just throwing it out there. I'm actually planning on doing a Let's Draw series.
And what would that be? You just draw?
Well, pretty much. I get votes for a character that someone wants to see me draw and I will do one once a month and give it away as a freebie.
That'd be fun. Little community. Gather around.
So instead of a Let's Play, it's a Let's Draw. And I don't have to worry about people breathing on my shit.
She's just like Bob Ross, but they're bitchy little clouds.
You know what? Actually, you know what? That came up in my oil painting class last week?
I was like, I can't be like Bob Ross. My clouds are a little angrier than his.
And he's like, so are they fussy little clouds? I'm like, yes, they are. They're fussy.
All right. Well, we hope you and your bitchy little clouds have a wonderful week. We'll see you next week. Same bat time, same bat channel here at Orange Lounge Radio. Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
