It's a video tape! Put it in! Put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
This video stopped!
See you later, friends on the next day!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Hide or launch radio for the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity. The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Miss Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
One.
One.
Disco.
Missed it by that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy.
Cat.
Thirty-seven. My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks.
In a row?
Yeah, and monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest link in the fight.
So you get nothing.
You lose.
Good day, sir.
Dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a straight journey.
Dark Sakura.
I hate nature! I just wish the world would explode and then I could take over hell.
Sky.
Do I look like the weather girl?
No.
Everything alright?
Yeah, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 19 for November the Tenored, is the way I wrote
it on the script here, whoops, November Tenored, November 10th of 2002.
Oh, it's been a long ass weekend, that's all I have to say.
You're tuned into the Bahmani Scene's most shafted radio station of all things Bahmani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
me as always are my awesome co-hosts, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers,
you know who better is Darksek Rock?
I'm more on the funny farm.
No comment.
They're coming to take me away, they're coming to take me away.
Say hello also to our newest co-host, although he has been here since the beginning, he's
still the noob, say hello to Loki.
Everybody.
And that's it, it's just the three of us tonight.
Dave couldn't get a ride here, he was begging me for one about an hour before the show started,
but...
at home with my copy of freaking signed that bastard. Oh, do you have some hate mail for
Dave? Well, let's wait until the F.U. is the week. Okay. We'll be talking to everybody
else a little bit more later, but first we're going to take a really quick break. I know.
If you can't tell, my throat's slightly going today. And no, it's not from anything dirty.
you sick bastards
anyway uh... we got a lot of big announcements we got
local news
about the big tournament we had yesterday but that includes like
everything we've got some
show news including big changes coming next week coming to our website i think
tonight as we speak at this very moment
yeah we won't play the song changes you have nothing to worry about
although and then uh... and i'd ask you to myself
is also coming up later but it's something very very bad yesterday uh...
very very bad and not
i was a naughty boy
not by you honey
uh... claiming
alone never mind and gave up the vote
he just got the blame cuz he left
and he was easily anyway
It was all DDR Mike, he blamed you, he pointed the finger at you.
Which sign, was it the...
The movie, Signs.
Signs, Noel Gibson, M. Night Challenge.
Because Loki gets the hookup and gets the promo stuff, so he has a promo of Signs.
Anyway, let's take a quick break, we're going to play the full
remix version of one of the new Max USA License tunes.
This is a speed remix of Venus with You Leave Me Alone here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh I can't, oh I can't, oh I can't!
Out of control, I'm missing you Because you're gonna hurt me
I'm burning inside, I'm leading you The way you're loving me
So cool tonight, without my sight
You're everything and more
There's only peace inside my heart, inside my soul
Ohh
Why do you leave me alone? Tell me why
There is nothing to carry on
Leave me alone if I'm not right
And why you leave me alone so many days
Just to give up you so many nights
You leave me alone and come down high
Help me why
And tell me why
Out of my door, I'm missing you Why don't you wanna try me?
Give me a chance, I still need you
When you're loving me
So close tonight
Without my pride
You're everything and more
You've thrown me just so deep inside my heart
inside my soul
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
And why leave me alone so many days
Just thinking of you so many nights
Leave me alone for this long night
Tell me why
Tell me why
Now tell me why
Now tell me why
Don't tell me why
Don't tell me why
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what? I had Mel cracking up in the car today because I pointed out something
to him that I noticed from day one. The one and only Mel B, right? Or are we talking Melody?
Mel B. Alright. The QQQ sounds like ducks.
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack. Seriously, you're one of the bracelets. Well,
Well, we played it during the pre-show, but uh QQQ
You want me to pull up QQQ yeah folks, okay, let's listen now
We're gonna pull this up and I want to take a you know a survey from the chat room here
Tell me that this if this does or does not sound like ducks down to the laughter in the background
it sounds like the music they play in the electric parade at dinky land.
it's like a spiced up version of the chicken dance.
No, I think it sounds like ducks, but it doesn't feel like chicken.
Chat room, what do you think?
It's not like ducks, am I right?
Say yes.
They said work, work, work.
They must be a little bit behind you.
Yay, there is the clown.
Demon child laughter.
Sounds like ducks.
Or they're comparing it to the dying giraffe noise.
bleh, bleh, bleh
at a holic and then you get stoic. Yeah, that's your expression after listening to it. You're
like just flat and stoic. Oh, lots of big news. My God. I know. Today is just one big
sigh isn't it? I slept thirteen and a half hours. Did you really? Yes I did. I came home
and took Vicodin. Well, let's fill everyone in that may have missed it. You know, we are
Our international show, Orange Lounge Radio, for the International Bahmani community.
But here in Sacramento, where we're based, as you probably may or may not know, in Northern
California, we're based out of Sacramento, we had a huge tournament yesterday, Shaft.
So we were all a big part of this, and we're all tired as fuck.
And if any of you guys might have been tuned in for our live broadcast, Orange Lounge did
broadcast the whole day live from Shaft.
We cut it off around improv freestyle because it was starting to, yeah, there's only so
much you can talk about at a tournament.
I have to apologize for all those who did listen to the live broadcast, I hope you never
have to be subjected to something that horrible ever again.
I'll tell you what, you know what, it was interesting, it was experimental radio, there
were some great highlights.
I haven't listened to the archive yet, I do have an archive of it, I will be putting together
some kind of best of as soon as I can get a hold of that archive file.
Be gentle.
I'm going to get some clips of Loki going insane, but there were some great moments.
All I know is that I was standing on the Max 2 machine, and I looked over in the corner,
and they'd taken the microphone, some of the folks that were helping us out, and drug it
out the window.
That was Evan.
Yeah, it was Evan that did that.
It was Evan that did that.
I'm definitely going to talk about Evan a little bit here, too, because he did a great
job.
And the microphone was out the window, and Jahi was holding onto it, and I know this
This is going to translate well to radio, but he was standing there and he's just going
like this, looking like he's ranting about something and I'm like, there's quality radio
going on in the corner right now, and I'm like, I so wish I could be there right now.
But yes, a big, big thank you to everybody that helped out with that live broadcast yesterday
because Jamie was so busy with tournament things.
I was so busy with tournament things.
We let the new Blokey kind of take the brunt of a lot of that towards the beginning, towards
the beginning.
You did a fabulous job.
I kept going in the back room, and kept just hearing the interviews going one after another,
interviewing practically everybody who did an accuracy attack, and I just remember seeing
a microphone in my face a few times going, huh, oh, we're live, I have to go over here
now, bye.
Just especially like a big thank you to everybody that helped out with that, Loki of course,
Brad, Irene, JB, 23M, Jahi, just everybody that helped out.
And a big, big thank you to Evan because he got really creative with it.
Evan was born for Internet Radio.
Can we have some fly boys over here?
Evan is a fucking riot.
I got judged.
He sat at the judges.
He wasn't a judge for freestyle, but he sat at the table for a little while and saw some
forms.
That's one contributing factor to how you guys ran out during improv freestyle, but
that's okay.
That's okay.
judge me and he wrote down on the scene nice flaming blue shirt
just all this funny stuff
evan cracks me up and i wish
i wish you could have been there the whole day
just take
to the kind of ease the tension but he's i'm gonna have to get him on the show
he he's not
he plays
but money i think she's kind of a closet but money families not he's maybe played
once or twice but he wouldn't
be able to talk about it like we do but he's still funny
so i have to get him on here sometime i think he might be listening so hello
evan if you're listening
He had to kind of play relief because I was very sick yesterday at the same time doing
the radio show as anyone that listened realized, and I was losing my voice.
In fact, I had pretty much lost my voice by the end of the day.
And so, I was talking on the radio, trying to think of, it was pretty much me being sick
and all like, just miserable, just ranting on about whatever came to mind.
And it probably wasn't incoherent at parts, but uh...
Much like early episodes of this very show.
And it might as well just call it like, you know, deep thoughts from Loki yesterday.
It's just... it was awful.
It was so awful.
Go donut.
That's all I have to say.
Go donut.
Have you ever seen a beautiful, beautiful sunset, and a flamingo is flying across the
sunset.
Also, it's holding a rose in its beak and a painting in its paws...er, claws, I guess.
Also, you're drunk.
Another Deep Thought, by Jack Handy.
That was beautiful.
I have had a cry, thank you.
I actually do actually have the Deep Thoughts book.
I had three of them somewhere and I lost them all because I suck.
I remember one day, we would go visit my Uncle Cave Band.
We called him Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave, and one day he would eat one of us.
Later on we found out he was a bear.
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth.
I think my favorite deep thought of all time was,
It's true that every time you hear a bell ring, an angel gets its wings.
But what they don't tell you is, every time you hear a mousetrap snap, an angel gets set
on fire.
So anyway, yes, Shaft!
The big topic, it's weighing heavily on our minds.
No wait, you're sitting on my face.
No, I'm...
No, the funny thing to tell a child is that when it rains, God is crying, probably because
of something you did.
Then there was one about how Disneyland burned down.
I like to play jokes on my little cousins.
One day our parents drove us to an abandoned warehouse that told us Disneyland burned down
and then drove us home.
It was like, I'd like to play jokes on little children.
So I took my little, yeah.
But it was getting pretty late.
Yeah, we pieced it together in there somewhere.
Yes, Shaft.
Deep fried Twinkies.
That's your mouth.
Deep fried Twinkies.
Oh my God.
What DER tournament ever has deep fried Twinkies?
Had a big sale nonetheless.
We had the whole RTF versus Step Squad Twinkie eat out.
I don't know that.
Whoa, whoa.
Did you just say the RTF Step Squad Twinkie eat out?
I didn't mean it that way. My apologies.
I don't know, apparently there was some sort of little mini...
I think it was just teasing back at... Shut up!
Last week on Org's Loud Show.
If you use that, I'm going to kick you.
No, but we were... basically it was just like...
everyone was talking about the heart attack they were going to get,
and then I hear something coming from a Kiyoki saying,
I just took one for Step Squad.
Took one what?
Twinkie?
It was funny.
And there was actually a guy there named Mr. Twinkie, which was pretty cool.
Sir Twinkie, I'm sorry.
Sir Twinkie.
I met Sir Twinkie's mom.
She was nice.
Oh, very cool.
There were some people that came in from out of town.
I know there was a caravan that came in from Reno, a bunch from the bank.
Biggest thanks to Fury for flying out from Omaha.
Oh my lord.
Omaha in the house.
And some SoCal.
leaders and your main expos from so-called
and my apologies for keep
for constantly stay on the radio that is from kansas because i was sick and out
of it
i heard all the hospital
kansas
kansas nebraska
california word and thank you
uh...
and california originally
uh... and
uh... what else about chapters there's so much talk about
let's talk about the winning freestyle return all the freestyle really
Which I saw three pieces of.
We'll get into that, but definitely I'd have to say my two favorites, you know, obviously
first and second place, Trent Howard, you know, his routine was awesome.
I only got to see that from this, and I was playing Max Two Guard during that time, so
I only got to see it from distance.
There were too many people blocking the way, so I only, like, saw the top half of it, like
it said, bobbing up and down.
It was very, very, very good, and I did see it.
It was so smooth.
It was really nice.
It was very good.
awesome freestyler. Even his improv was right on. It was great. It looked like a routine.
It was crazy. Then first place obviously went to Bruce Leroy and all I have to say is, man,
that guy's got some funk in him.
I have one thing to say about Wendell. Mm-mm, good.
Yeah, I was actually just about to say, and our chat room is going crazy about it right
now because wendell and i i can't remember the name of his partner do
you remember who was like
i feel like an ass
okay thank you all yes holland i wasn't
uh... they did this a hilarious routine that to uh... a d r song that
usually annoys a lot of people
uh...
basically what they did it is the chat rooms going
roast beef, roast beef, hot, hot, hot.
And basically, they did this routine to this song
where basically Wendell was fighting for a sandwich,
kind of thing.
The other guy had a sandwich, Holland had a sandwich,
and just the way they were choreographed to the words
was great, that was hilarious, I loved that.
That was one of the better routines I saw all day,
I thought, although really, every routine,
I mean, I didn't, now, take it, keep in mind,
I didn't get to stick around for improv freestyle,
But every routine I saw that day was great. It really was.
Now to point out some of the more hilarious routines, or I don't even know if we can call
them routines, there was one that's, I don't even know who was doing it because there ended
up being like six or seven people on the stage when it happened, is for Twilight Zone where
they're doing the Mortal Kombat rendition there, that was hilarious.
The Goro made that. The Goro thing where they're stomping on the ground, that was the shit.
Also, notably, probably the most eyebrow-raising routine of the evening was about ten people
all in the routine area doing It's Raining Men, and Irene the Rice Princess is a frequent
contributor to the show, and also I think one of the world's only holders of an Orange
Lounge t-shirt, which we don't even have, as host of the show.
She just was up there singing, and she had her Fly Boys, oh yes, DDR-holic, Anita, was
up there.
Anita was doing the actual dancing so they wouldn't fail and then Irene was
just singing and then they had fly boys and and if you'd heard Evan saying
earlier in the evening I need some fly boys we need to get some fly boys and of
course the first two people to speak up Sunia and Ry Ry two two cute younger
girls are all we'll do it you're not a boy that's okay it was great I mean that
was kind of a very eyebrow-raising routine where a lot of people just like
I just remember walking by the Michigan Hill and seeing Bruce LeRoy with his hands in the air doing the swish, like he shot the perfect free throw.
That was Bruce's routine, really, was swish. And that guy has come a long way. I did see a routine.
He was wearing orange.
The one tournament I ever was a freestyle judge at was an old Sac State tournament.
And this was before Hypnotics and Bruce LeRoy were really well known as freestylers throughout the scene, and they were both there and they did an excellent job.
Yes. Very good. I did see a little bit of the improv, and a little bit of what I saw was good.
Improv, by the way, was a last-minute addition to Shaft, because we just wanted to keep it going.
We had a few hiccups with attorney, which we'll come to in my fuck-y's of the week,
week, but everything seems to go pretty good, and by the way, I have to say right now, a
big congratulations to Orange Beanie for making, in his first tournament, fourth place.
Yeah.
And we're probably playing favorites because he's a Sacramento kid, but you know, we got
to show some sacral love.
Even so.
Yeah, even so.
To come in fourth place at your first tournament is quite a...
You know, Jessica and I were talking a few weeks ago about how he came up and said, oh
my god, how can you perfect attack so well?
And to have him come up and do that well when only not too long ago he was, you know, looking
up to all of us, that right there, he gets a big pause from me.
All I gotta say is yesterday some of the most unorthodox things happened at that tournament.
Let's start off with the set up with, you know, obviously we had fourth mix down that
day.
Which I need to give a little bit of background on.
Okay.
Go ahead.
I don't know how many people know about how a DDR machine works, but you have a CD that
links up to a security card and the security card basically makes you able to play the
disc.
Well, what it is is they needed a cartridge that will sync the security card to the disc
and their fourth mix came preloaded so they didn't have that cartridge because Melody
was telling me that her solo did the same thing when it had damage done to it.
So we got the card in, but they weren't synced, so the fourth mix stayed down.
Another big thanks to Maple and Iguana Girl for going and modding those pads for us during
the tournament so that we could have them to put on the stage instead of the fourth
mix pads.
We were going to hook up a fourth mix on the PS2, but we didn't have a third mix because
of the transfer team.
Sorry, I was just going to say a big congratulations to everybody that was involved getting the
fourth mix situation to work.
I think this is probably not the first time PlayStation has been used in a big tournament
like this because I know a while back they were going to do something with the Club of
Pens and OHA or something like that and I don't know if that ever happened or not.
It was supposed to be at the last two-neck tournament.
But certainly the simulator ending up having to use StepMania to do a third mix song just
because there was just no options left.
That was downright innovative.
Let's give Matt the applause.
Yes, me and my stupid sim, you know, I just happened to have my computer with me because
I was using it for, well actually it was for the after party.
I had my sim with me and everything and I have all the setup to rig everything together.
So we went ahead and rigged it with my TV out onto the TV and we had the pads going
through my inputs, and it worked great. We had a third mix after the Game of Love working
there, and come to find out, it was for Tran Power. He was going to have to pull out otherwise,
and he actually placed second, so he definitely thanked me enough times for that.
We also, Fury, his only routine was on fourth.
I know, and look at this. You've got two guys. You've got one guy who came all the way from
Omaha for the tournament, and then you've got Tran, who hasn't really been very active
in the scene for the past four months or so, you know, he hasn't been very active.
He took a little hiatus, you know, whatever the reason be, personal whatever, but it was
good, it was great to see him back and doing a freestyle again, and it would have been
so awful to have to turn these guys away, but it was really a situation that was just
out of our hands.
There's nothing we could do.
It turned out to work out well for them.
And it worked out awesome.
I'm so happy that all worked out, so big props to the 4th Mix repair people, I guess we'll
call them that.
Yes, thank you.
We took a major hiccup and made it more of a productive burp.
And a big thank you, I believe too, and I apologize if I get this wrong, I believe it
was JM3P that brought the metal pad for Max USA?
Yes, I think so.
Yes, I think so too.
Big thanks to the folks that helped that get set up.
And a thank you to the DDR Spot staff that was there doing the videos, filling in for
Thanks to Mike Ngo and AJ for taking care of filming all that for us.
Also, one of the biggest thanks goes to, of course, Konami and Jason Enos for donating.
Definitely.
DVR Max, and a few t-shirts to give out for prizes.
And hopefully, maybe we'll see Jason in a tournament in the future, maybe.
Hopefully.
If we can swing it.
Hopefully we'll be able to.
Hopefully we'll get something.
Maybe we'll get Jason on the show someday.
That would be nice.
try that so we'll see so again we'll get a shaft best of together in the next
couple weeks for this program Loki mentioned the after party that I had here
at the house one thing after a tournament it's probably not the best
idea to have a party honestly because everybody is so dead and so tired just
especially amongst the staff you know if we weren't all local people maybe we'd
have more energy in us but we were just so dead we just all kind of sat here and
watched movies and played video games but I do have one thing I have to say
about last night. I love the power glove. It's so bad.
Yeah well just keep your power gloves off for a pat huh? That's all I have to say.
Thank you. Yeah I was exhausted after you know we were supposed to be having fun
stuff and I had a major headache you know being sick and everything and I
came back and I set up my metal pads and all that and of course every time I
set my metal pads and they never worked the first time and I ended up having to
dissect these damn things to get them to work so that took forever and finally
got it done everyone started playing I sat there on the couch we watched the
movie and it's just as all fuzzy from there I fell asleep and just slept until
till morning. I was so tired.
We just found out the weasel here, the weasel in the studio. Introduce the weasel to our
listeners. His name is Baby Bush Baby. Anyway, so I'm getting the sense in the chat room
and if you want to join our chat room, you're just going to join any other side IRC server
and you're going to join Channel Pound Orange Lounge. I'm getting the sense that some of
the people who weren't here in town are kind of left here with question marks
over their head right now so let's let's talk about something a little more
adaptable to folks that are listening to us international what were some things
that we learned from the tournament that other people can take to their
tournaments have the initial d-game there because people love to go to our
vehicle to play it well it happened and people that are available to go play
make sure that you have backups for everything that you do make sure that
You have plenty of paper for the printers.
Make sure that you have one cash box.
Make sure it's better to have a big staff because things will run a lot smoothly if
you've got everything coordinated.
The staff this year was probably three times as big as last year and it helped immensely.
This made me feel very good to hear that lots of people came up and said that we had a very
efficient staff.
Oh, good.
That's a very good compliment.
Make sure, you know, I thought it was a great idea that we had Elektra Tal as our backup
NCE.
I am especially glad because after you guys added that other tournament and my voice was
already starting to go, I was like, eh, but Tal took the reins on that and from what I
understand did a fabulous job.
Unfortunately I had to get to the house before anybody else did to get the party started.
Make sure that if you're going to introduce another portion of the tournament the day
of the tournament that you had back up to just because our judges did look pretty tired.
I'm sorry guys, but thank you for sticking it out like that.
Well, I mean we kind of expected it would be that long anyway, but A-team unfortunately
with the fourth mix problems didn't catch on, so to speak.
So we're going to have to just do it again.
Really I think that everything else went as smoothly as it possibly could, and everything
seemed to flow except for the change over to the fourth mix.
Yeah, that was a big stop.
A little bit, we hear a little bit, we had a little bit too much time in between each
freestyle routine, but do remember that one big thing that we like to do here in Sacramento
with the tournaments is feedback.
And when the judges are not just giving scores, they're giving comments and suggestions on
how to better the freestyle, and that all takes a little bit of time.
So we tried best we could to kind of get people up there and interview them, and we had some
good stuff.
We had some great in-between stuff.
Brand got up there and did a hilarious imitation of...
I don't know what you'd call him, but it was funny.
Bruce Leroy did a great improv little beatbox thing, which was great.
I did hear that.
That was awesome.
That was cool.
I think they did that on Orange Lounge a little later, too, so that was cool, too.
Great stuff.
I was as frazzled as I was.
I had a good time and I got hugged a lot.
That's the best part of a tournament, isn't it?
Isn't that the best part of a tournament is just random drive-by huggings?
Yes, it was nice.
It made me feel happy.
But the best comments that I could have heard the whole time that I kept hearing is that
we had a good time and, you know, just hearing we had a good time and when's the next one.
That made me feel really good.
Whole tournament set up actually reminded me of sort of an anime convention because
Because we had like, you know, it was just kind of crazy and you had people doing their
own thing everywhere, like watching movies on their laptops.
We had, you know, I was kind of bored at certain points, you know, before we actually got the
tournament running.
And so we had people playing DDR Max on metal pad.
We had someone else playing StepMania on a sim.
I had, you know, people were playing the DDR Max 2 on free play and I had my sim sitting
there because we were using my computer for the PA system and I was playing
through there too and and of course because what what term it would be you
know without Tanook Tanook we went ahead and played that too during one of the big
breaks and also played one of those ah shit I can't remember the artist you know we
played B4U what was it a coup to what I forget what it's called
What was the biggest advice we could give from Sacramento to the rest of the world from
what we learned this weekend?
Make your tournament fun.
That's the number one priority you need to have when scheduling a tournament.
Fun, fun, fun.
Keep the drama away from your tournament.
If you've got something going on behind the scenes, you don't need to let the rest of
the people know it.
As far as they need to see, things are running fine.
And really, it wasn't, I mean, there were, sure there were things falling apart behind
the scenes.
I wouldn't say falling apart, but you know, just problems, but they were solved and there
was no drama.
There really wasn't.
At least not that I really saw.
maybe I'm just ignorant but I didn't see any drama which is great so I think
there almost was with some people that were there but we won't make comments on
those people you know and on any of that just that I want to thank people who
kept their patience you know with certain situations poopy on drama yeah
poo-poo all right the feces we are going to take a quick break and when we come
back I'm being told that around eight o'clockish that DSCS SoCal kicks our
buddy down in SoCal who is being our HTML whore basically because I can't
seem to get our old website updated anymore because it's just over my head
so he said okay you suck I'm gonna just do the damn site so I'm like cool so
he's been working very hard on it and I believe he's gonna have it done tonight
and we're gonna look at the site on the very show and we're gonna peruse it and
to give our feedback, our instant feedback.
I'm sure we're all going to love them forever.
So we'll be talking about some show stuff
right after the break.
Things that you'll want to hear if you're
a fan of Orange Lounge.
And we thank you for listening.
We're going to start this off with a song
we heard a lot of yesterday, and we just
still can't get enough of it.
Not Sugaru, don't worry.
No, not Sugaru.
Not the accuracy attack song.
How about the freestyle song of the day, shall we?
All right, here we go.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
I'll take it all out from where
They're all that I need, yeah
I'll take it all out from where
We stand on the edge of the edge
For the woman let's drive
For the woman
You're the one I'd like to try.
Everybody pull that chick down
Come on, let's jump, here we go
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Everybody just get up, up, up, up
This is what I get down
Get it on, come on, come on
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's go
Everybody pull that chick down
I have powers that people have served as a pro at this point.
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute my girlfriend Melby can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the
best things in life are free. That's right, our buddy Mel B, who was in the studio literally
minutes before we went on Airbnb, but unfortunately they have a long trip ahead of them and couldn't
really stick around. But we thank them for being here this weekend because I know they
both were helping out immensely with the tournament this weekend so how'd that go
I think we went to the same Mongolian barbecue place though I believe Friday
and today crashing out last night while I was making a special banner for Wendell
in in a tribute to his a roast beefy goodness really roast beef anyway so uh
It was pretty good. Now I'm going to go get my taquitos.
and how he's currently expanding his pornography collection.
Beautiful.
That's always a good idea.
Got to keep a variety.
Hooray for pornography.
Speaking of pornography, they were watching yesterday
at the tournament.
Yes, we're talking about pornography, Jamie.
You miss all the good stuff.
Dave's getting pissed in the chat room
because he brought those taquitos for the party
last night.
but we were so dead that nobody thought to cook them. Thank you for my dinner, Dave.
First we don't give him a ride here, and then we eat his food. We are such assholes.
I'm not an asshole, I'm a bitch. Give me a ride.
Oh, God, where the fuck was I?
I don't know anymore. I don't care.
We were talking about...
shaft? No, we were talking about, um... Oh, porn! We were talking about porn!
Dear God, how could I forget? We were talking about pornography.
And the tournament yesterday, um,
at the tournament yesterday, on the little iMac, they were watching the
dirty video by Christina Aguilera, in between
the Titanium Power book, yes, watching Christina Aguilera dirty, and then they were
watching, I believe, the Girls Gone Wild videos.
I missed the... The melody made for, uh,
Did she make the disc for Islander?
She made it, and then Mike no took it.
Aw man, I missed the Girls Gone Wild videos.
Oh gee, I miss all the good shit at tournaments.
We do agree though that next time we do an Orange Lounge live broadcast from a tournament,
we're going to actually go to the tournament as participants and not staff.
And then we're going to demand that we be allowed a sports center in the back of the room.
We don't have to be in front of the machine, but in the back of the room so we can actually see the machine instead of being...
You know, to add to the whole porn thing, I could have brought about a couple hundred tapes of Playboy videos to pass out along the DVDs,
but I thought that wouldn't be family oriented.
No, that's not a family fun center function, unfortunately.
Now, uh, you know, maybe at a different kind of, maybe for the next edit contest?
Oh, that should be your next edit contest, Loki's Edit Contest of Pornography.
Make edit get porn.
Make edit get porn. Beautiful.
That should be like a, that should be an international thing.
I think Orange Lounge needs to sponsor that contest.
Make edit get porn.
All right, you heard it here.
All right.
I will do this.
I will do this that you ask.
Alright, the Make-Edit-Get-Porn contest. Details coming soon. To get those details, you'll
want to log on to our website, which is currently being reinvented as we speak, and I'm waiting
I'm waiting for the word from SoCal Kicks to SoCal Kicks and everything's finished and
we'll go look at the new site.
And we'll-
Save me some boy porn and I'll do it.
Do you have any boy porn?
Not really, no.
But maybe there's a guy on girl porn that actually shows the guy.
I mean, well, we've got, I know for a fact they can get a whole ton of Playboy videos.
For like the last eight months, I have every single video that's been released, and they're
all crap.
I mean, they're great, but no, it's just, I don't know.
They have their own series that's called Playboy Exposed that's actually like Girls Gone Wild,
except kind of even more ridiculous, but whatever.
Completely off topic from Imani, anything?
I heard they're making a movie out of Girls Gone Wild, but it's going to be like actual
actresses who portray these sorority girls that end up participating in the videos.
It sounds like Porky's 3 or something.
It'll be bigger than jackass, I guarantee it.
And this is inside news for everyone.
I read today on Weekly World News, okay, that, um, that Nostradamus predicted that Britney
Spears is going to convert to Islam.
Nostradamus predicted it, then it must be true.
Yes.
You might want to have to dispute this rumor going on in the chat room here, Loki.
I don't know what you have to say about this, but you need to set something straight, so
to speak.
I prefer Playgirl.
I've never even seen Playgirl.
What the hell is that?
SoCal kicks just being a jerk.
No, I've just not turned on about the fact that they don't really do anything.
I mean, all the movies are exactly the same.
They all put them in situations where they start feeling themselves up for no apparent reason.
They appear to try to have sex, but for some reason just get nowhere near having sex.
I mean, granted, there are some movies that are pretty good, but they're not the ones that are actually like, you know,
Playboy Girls of whatever or something like that, but the actual ones like I had I just got a sex court TV the movie
And this one's actually pretty sweet, but
We're fine
There's no bimani talk tonight. Just porn
This one's actually pretty pretty cool. You've got um
Julia Strains in it, she's pretty famous, and actually Sexcore TV is a really live show
that they have on Playboy TV, where they, it's really stupid, it's like, my girlfriend
doesn't let me go down on her, well your punishment is you let him go down on you, in my courtroom
on the show right now, and that's what happens, it's kind of stupid, but, oh oh, and I have
I have to add, I forget what their booth is or whatever, but it's this giant seashell bed thing that looks like something out of a Little Mermaid porno sequence or something like that.
It's the weirdest thing. But that's definitely a good movie. Plus I have a couple of other ones that are really strange. I just had to get it because I saw the poster for it and it was just funny.
Playmate of the Apes.
That one's hilarious.
I was just gonna say, I've only ever seen two porn. One of them was the boneheads, like the coneheads with collapsible tops. As in inwardly collapsible, so they could use them. And Final Fuck X.
Final Fuck X is a winner.
Well okay, I have to add that these aren't true pornos, these are softcore porn.
Oh!
Skinemax porn!
Yeah, Skinemax porn.
Okay, now, if you want to get some good porn, you need to definitely go with the Vivid
DVDs.
Vivid DVDs are awesome.
I mean, the extras on them are worth another movie right there, plus a lot of them are
like a twofer.
You get one movie plus bonus features, plus another movie with bonus features, so a definite
way to go.
You've got like six hours worth of porn per DVD, so go for that.
I realize this says I'm eating a taquito.
When next time you're sick of DDR and you need something else to do, go buy yourself
some vivid porn.
Well, I know, in the Sacramento area, I mean, in the Sacramento area, I know that you can
go to Video Clearance Center, they've got porn as cheap as like two bucks, so go there
and check it out, man.
You are pretty much being worshipped in the chat room right now.
And another bit of money in the news.
Loki knows his porno, and remind me when I go to NorCal to go to Loki's, and Loki is
pornified.
And porn on talk on Orange Lounge, I never thought I would see today.
I have a taquito.
It's pornographic.
You have a taquito?
I don't know.
And then we have a comment, porn and orange chicken, which, you know, yesterday at the
tournament, take this back to Imani a little bit, you brought over some Boston Market,
and you got a half chicken.
It was hilarious because they were trying to pass me a demo of the scorecard sheet thing
My hands were all greasy and sticky from, you know, the chicken, from the goddamn chicken.
Okay? The chicken was damn good.
Get him a norelco for those palms.
Okay. But the chicken was very greasy, so, you know, obviously I was just, you know, going,
uh, don't hand me that because I don't want to touch that, you know, get all these grease marks all over it.
But good chicken.
The answer that nobody did give, though. We got grape soda, we got porn, nobody said waffles.
Chicken and waffle!
I will cut you. Orange Lounge is great. Showgirls is like the greatest movie ever because it is so bad.
But I like watching train wreck cinema.
I like watching your bump and grind on people so that was all worth it for me.
And in other Bimani news, I like DDR. I like Beatmania.
Apparently, other people like Beat It mania.
You know, DDRaholic says I may not be a guy, but I like porn.
Amen sister, we need more porn freaks in this world.
Porn is funny.
My girlfriend likes porn.
An ideal woman.
She likes porn more than I do.
Hey.
I like boy porn.
Jamie is a yaoi fanatic as she shoves her iron fist of justice into the air.
So just when we're starving to get a new topic, I have SoCal Kicks in this typical IRC way
way, telling me 40 times in the chat room, line after line, that he has finished.
So let's see what we get if we go to our website right now at orangelounge.skie.cx.
We're gonna go to it right now.
Here we go.
Loading, loading, loading.
It says, oh, we've got the big fat orange, and it says welcome.
I feel like we should be playing the big O theme.
this is pretty sick that here we are, the host of the show, we don't know a damn thing
about our own website alright, before we go to the website, we can click right here on
the main page, let's see what we get ooh, Orange Lounge, welcome to the newly redesigned
Orange Lounge site, thanks to me, SoCalKick, yes, thanks to you
This site will be very easy to run to the point Rob can even update it, hahaha, oh I
appreciate that.
Well now, all pages are very under construction as Sky himself goes in and makes this site
his own.
Well, you know, Jamie and Cloak, you might want to participate too.
We're going to have pictures.
Different pictures.
Yes, we'll have new pictures, because we don't want to-
Or it actually looks like my nose.
We don't want to be supermodels anymore, we're just going to take, we're going to jump in
the garbage can and take a private life.
I will no longer look like Barbra Streisand.
You did not look like Barbra Streisand.
The nose was.
The nose was.
Oh, no.
I think it looked cute.
The nose was not my nose.
But that's okay.
We'll take new pics just because people want updated pictures of ourselves.
Yes.
Of ourselves in the singular.
Rob, is there something you're not telling us?
How many of you live in there?
Knock, knock!
Forty.
In a row.
Thirty-seven.
Try not to get into more personalities on your way out of the parking lot.
Let's see, let's see, for now be sure to listen to Orange Lounge Radio. Yes, good point. Be sure to listen.
Always, every day.
Every second.
Visit the Live 365 page for more info and a direct link goes to the station site.
And now if you know me well, you know I like whoring out SCK, so here goes nothing.
And then he hoars out, continues to whore out the Friday, November 15th launch date of SoCalKicks.com version 5.0.
Yes.
Beautiful.
Let's see if we have anything on these different pages yet.
Oh, no, it just says under construction.
Under construction. Oh, here's what it says for chat. Under construction.
No, wait. For now, I just won't make it pretty and just say what's needed.
The channel is Orange Lounge and can be found on any other IRC.otherside.net server such as IRC.acontrol.org and others.
Very nice. Very pretty. Oh, forums.
Under construction. Of course. Cast.
Oh, come on, Sokal Kix, I know you know who's on cast.
That's alright.
It looks very pretty.
Uh, music.
Normal links.
Nothing.
Links.
Under construction, but here's your first link.
Hey, Sacre Mani needs to be on there.
And there's the link to Sokal Kix.
In the upcoming, we will have...
Might I add, that's one giant link banner.
I'll just have to make, like, one's just as big for Sacre Mani as CDR3 and CDR5.
That's huge.
That's huge.
It's huge! It's like an orange found on a toothpick!
Wow, so the site is very pretty, and we appreciate DSCS and all his hard work.
So a big kisses from all of us to DSCS.
Well, be sure you're involved in any future Twinkie Eating competitions.
Yes, you too can eat out of Twinkie.
I have to scream out his slogan. Should we scream it out in agony, ecstasy, pain? How
should we scream out his slogan?
SCK accomplishes ultimate evolution just now.
SCK accomplishes ultimate evolution just now.
That was very ingrishy.
Thank you.
will get to club.
So there we go. Oh, in Rave style! I like that idea. Let's say his slogan, in Rave style.
Yes, I like that idea. Let's do that. Let's do it that way. I have to go find my glow
sticks real fast, then I can come back and do this in Rave style.
I don't want to know where your glow sticks are.
S.C.K. Accomplishes Ultimate Evolution Just Now!
RS for great justice move orange lounge
And anyway
Let's take it. We're gonna take another quick break. Yes, sir
Rob can like go put his glow sticks away and then we're gonna come back
We're just gonna be a quick break and we're gonna come back and we're gonna talk about
We'll do a little dream do a happy hopper in this break. We're gonna do silhouette of my mind in this break
We're going from extremes here.
Yes, we're going from very happy to very wrist-slitting-ish.
Actually, we're going to go the other way around. We're going to go from wrist-slitting to happy.
I look as the blood splashes upon the blackness of my soul.
Woe is me. I dread everything.
I'm so goth that when the night comes, so do I.
SCK accomplishes Ultimate Evolution.
Welcome to goth talk.
And I'm Asriel of the Sea Prince of Sorrow!
A mask inside of me, trapped in a motion Where I want to go with you
I need to leave, I need to let go
Of all the friends and thoughts inside my mind
From all the chains that bind
How can I find my way through you?
When it's broken and there's no one left
I keep reaching for my hand
For all the secrets, secrets of my heart
Reaching to take my hand
To trace the silhouette of my mind
Like a child
How can I find my way to you?
I don't care what I don't know
You can't see the red of my blood
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, tune in to hear live train wreck radio.
Watch all your favorite monster hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki engage in the Bahmani
Battle Royale.
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, at 7 p.m. Pacific Time, heads will roll and arrows will scroll.
Yeah, be suitable for children under 6, pregnant women, retards, and residents of Baltimore.
Are you ready?
Are you ready for the race?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and we're back.
Two residents of Omaha.
And we're live.
Huh?
Two residents of Omaha.
Residents of Baltimore.
Oh.
No, I wouldn't do that.
Well, remember that the reason why I said F.U. to Baltimore was because they were the
lowest ranked on the list of what cities are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
I think they had a whopping, like, second.
who
somebody must have turned it on like right at the moment we were playing like
uh... the new wesley willis promo or something i just didn't get it
uh...
know cuz we do not play let them move
on orange lounge radio
uh... one thing
uh... this piece of the shower we have a new we have a new face the chat room
tank i don't recognize uh... this person new person he's saying that
while the musical variety is making me feel like a teen girl and that's really
big
I'm as happy as a little girl.
This is the time of Sprookus when we dance?
This is the part when I want to dance when we dance.
A big welcome to all our new chatters. I see Orange Beanie's in the chat room too.
Hi Beanie!
Hi Beanie, great job at chat yesterday.
And all of our chatters, our chat room's been picking up lately.
Our cutesy girly girl.
We got EOSFVB's a new person too, I think they came in last week and Vidpower started chatting here last week.
And all of our regulars, we love them.
I think during our next break we need to do our tribute to one of our famous people in our chat room, DJ Konami.
You gotta start it off. It's your baby. It's your little crack-infested baby.
Crack-infested baby?
Never do a drug named after part of your own ass!
Wakalaka gives you wings, but...
It is that time of the show, ladies and gentlemen, where Jamie and the rest of us all get pissed off as hell, and we give our FUs of the week!
I'm pissed as hell, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Damn it!
Okay, fuck yous a week.
Um, first one is gonna go, and this wasn't anything anyone could control, so I'm saying fuck you to fate
for fucking with us in the fourth mix machine yesterday at Shaft.
Damn fate.
F you.
Damn you all to hell!
Okay.
Um, another one goes toward, um...
Um, you know, I really need some sleep.
I guess there's just a blur.
Okay, okay. Fuck you to hoarding at the end of the day.
And thank you to Vicodin.
Fuck you to sleeping for thirteen and a half hours.
Sleep feels good though.
Oh fuck yeah, but I will get something to eat.
Um, fuck you to, um, you know what?
I really am not filled with that in my checks today.
Are you really, Jamie, or are you an imposter?
I feel... good.
That fucking sucks! Fuck you to my good mood, dammit, because I can't be eggsy enough to go off and out something enough to just be super pissed.
And I have to be super pissed to be ready to kill people too.
Okay, oh.
No, no, I can't. You don't need to.
Fuck next.
Okay, so much for that.
Sorry to hear that. Well, you know, after 19 weeks of being pissed off, it's time for Jamie to be in a loving sharing mood, right?
Fuck that, okay? That pisses me to hell. Okay.
Alright, let's talk to Loki and see what his Fuck You of the Week is.
Fuck You of the Week? Yeah, Fuck Yous of the Week. That's definitely for sure.
First one goes to my cold. I don't like having a cold and it snuck up all the way up Friday and that really sucked.
It's probably all the rain's fault, so F.U. to the rain, even though I like rain.
F.U. for my battery being dead this morning in my car.
At least it works now, I think, so that's cool.
F.U. to Sagaru, because I hate that song, and they played it way too many times at the tournament yesterday.
Also, a big, huge F.U. to something we're going to be covering in just a little bit.
F.U. to Super Eurobeat, the new song that's going to be on GDR Extreme,
One of the most evil things on the face of the Earth.
When you add Naoki with B4U with Politary, who was another person, you know that's going to be pure evil right there.
So I'm very scared and concerned about that one.
I show great concern for this new song.
Um, also, let's see, what else do we got here?
FU to my, uh, pads for being faulty sometimes and me constantly having to repair them.
FU for myself for getting shocked by my stereo numerous times while I was putting wires to it because I'm an idiot and I was tired and didn't unplug it when I was hooking up wires and just kept going,
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Little Elder sounded vaguely pornographic.
There's something I remember seeing yesterday that I was going to do an FU bout but I can't remember what it was.
Damn it.
Well, fuck that. We'll come back to you, Loki.
Yes!
In the meantime, my FU of the Week.
We'll come back.
My FU of the week goes to myself.
Yesterday during the Orange Lounge live broadcast we were doing live from Shaft, we did some
music breaks so that Loki and whoever was on air could actually have a break to get
up and go out and do something.
And one of the CDs that I used during the break was Dance Mania 20.
So unfortunately yesterday I unknowingly played Bye Bye Baby Balloon on this station.
You bitch.
So a big fuck you to me for breaking that rule that I put down weeks and weeks ago when
Bye Bye Baby Balloon was voted by the listless process as the worst Bomani song next to Let
Them Move.
I played it yesterday.
Not only did I play it, I played the full version.
Wait, so this is gonna play dirty.
I didn't play dirty yesterday, however I have in the past.
I have a fuck you.
I have one.
Yes. I have one.
Okay, we have to go back to your music.
Yes, of course.
My fuck you goes toward that damn song for finally growing on me. Oh my god.
I found myself at work with that song stuck in my head.
What song, by the way?
Fucking dirty.
I'm pointing a finger at you.
Stop swimming at me.
Everybody yell at Rob.
Meanie.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Did Loki- Oh, Loki, you thought of your FU?
Alright.
Okay, this is a general FU.
FU do speed mixes.
They're the dumbest things in the face of the Earth.
I hate everybody that does speed mixes of any sort.
This goes with Jenny Rom and the Zippers.
I hate them all!
I hate them all!
JB is rocking here right now.
I'm just gonna rock a lock on your ass.
I don't care, okay. No, no, they've done some slower stuff, it's cool.
Amen, just wanted to make a-
But I hate- I hate bean mixes. I hate them to death, okay?
Now, okay, I'll give credit to, you know, Jenny Rahm and stuff, because some of her stuff is good, I do like it, you know?
But I dislike, for instance, we just heard the Venus, um, was it, uh, you can leave me alone?
Yeah, we just heard it, like, an hour ago.
Whatever, okay?
But so we heard it, it sounds like shit, okay?
That's just... just like, okay, I've heard one more time, that sounds like shit,
I've heard, like, I don't know, there's a bunch of stuff that I've heard, all of it sounds like crap!
You just speed it up and have some guy cover it because you can't pay the artist royalty fees,
and it sounds like shit.
And then the comedy goes,
Ooh! It's fast!
Let's put it in our next New York Stream super duper mix,
and then, you know, people play it and go,
Damn, this is tiring.
I dislike it. I hate it.
And living in America sucks ass.
Remember, CDR isn't just a power, it's a super duper power.
Ugh, God.
Ugh!
Stupid freakin'...
Wow.
And F you to Nayoki because...
I wanna say that.
Well the chat room...
And F you to freakin' Nayoki Jirls because he's not putting anything good in there.
And why is he speaking Japanese?
Why is he Japanese or something?
He can't speak English like everybody else in the face here.
Why does this fuck you speak that?
I was good in America after I sucked that one guy.
To find out what this fuck is!
I'm done!
I'm finished.
The chat room is yelling at you, Loki.
They're half with you and half against you.
Half of them are with you and half of them are against you.
Oh dear god.
Okay.
Are we ever going to get to the chat rooms?
Fuck the chat rooms.
I'm sorry, I love you guys, so forget that.
First of all, speed mixes are okay.
Some of them suck ass.
Some of them suck ass. Major fuck yous go to Polteri for still being around.
The woman, I've been listening to Polteri now, unfortunately, for days, because it keeps coming up.
I say that we have a one week ban on Polteri from our radio show.
Oh, we're going to ban Polteri for the radio show?
Just for a week.
Just for a week?
There are some songs that have good music in them that are just really nice.
Alright, fair enough. Starting tomorrow, Orange Lounge has banned Politary from its playlist completely.
Um, I have another proposition. I am offering a $500 bounty for Politary. Dead.
No, no, you can't kill her! This killing is wrong!
Alright, how about this?
$500 for her to go mute.
Shove, like, acid down her throat?
Shove a Twinkie down her throat.
A dry Twinkie!
$500 for a super hot fried Twinkie, shoved down volunteer's throat.
To dissolve her larynx, and she can't sing anymore.
I want her tongue sent to me in a plastic baggie through the mail.
Make sure that you vacuum seal it so that it stays fresh so we can see it still twitch.
Oh my God! We've had sex, we've had violence.
We've had sex in the first hour of the show, we have violence right now.
violence right now and probably drugs before it's all over i had my bike in
already orange lounge goes to hell tonight
we're going to hell to hand basket and you're coming with us can i get to the
chat room fus
uh... yeah
i hate it when you get the chat room special music today
i have to give them something to yell about now they can all do an f-e two
loci so orange beanie's a little mad about paula terry
what music do you need
Also, I'm going to have to say that, um, oh, shoot, what else was one of my, uh, FUs?
Oh, FU to Scandia for having their party room window covered up by blue paint or something because I couldn't see the friggin' machine.
But Scandia rules, so we'll forgive him this one time.
Ah, yes, Orange Lounge Vice City tonight. That's what we're being called.
You know, oh, F you to Vice City, because I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
She gets in my car, she takes money, and she goes, you know what, that's your sound clip from now on.
For the life of me, I can't get the hooker to have sex with me.
This is now chat room fuck you time, so Rob, go at it.
Oh yes, okay.
Oh, I had special music for them, that's okay.
I like KOGD3. They kick ass, instead of Red Monster Hyper.
I have to beta-test SDK Max 5.0 in the next 2-3 days, finish my special art project by Wednesday, or get an F on it, and make an Avid site out of my ass before December 7th.
And F you to Loki, tell him to get him on fuckin' AIM because I'm home all effing gay.
Dave, I have to give Dave special music. I don't remember what Dave's FU song was, though. Does anybody remember Dave's FU song?
I'm just gonna play this song for Dave, he'll like it.
I'm reading without thinking. Sorry. I hope she's not listening with her speakers turned up, but somebody's in trouble.
My bad, sorry guys.
Back to the arrested chat room.
God, he's got too many. I'm only doing part of these.
F you for not understanding a single word of the Shaft stuff tonight. F every female on this planet.
it
and celebrate
hey
for fucking me up on only
at the entire cbsd dr coverage which we've got to talk about for the shows
over
at those stupid dancers who won the s two and pads on that
and f low-key because he asked for
twenty-third maggots uh... f roulette he expects something on race style when he
does improv freestyle or something like sugaru for improv
that's really
Instead, as we all know, he got Nori Nori Nori. Kill!
I still should get an award for most incongruous routine. Fuck you, Nori Nori Nori.
DJ Konami
F you to Kakumei Encore Stage because I failed on the sixth step.
SoCal Kicks, I missed a part and I closed the window. I'm sorry, resend it to me. I'll read it.
JB says
F you to anyone who doesn't like Hello Panda cookies. They should be stabbed with sporks.
F you to hurting after the turning and burning myself in the deep fryer.
I like how he has a cookie.
And I say Polteri can sing and Naoki can't compose.
I'd like to add that JB, you know, kind of that was your fault
since you're deep frying everything that you could get your hands on.
I mean, that was pretty entertaining watching him deep fry pretty much everything.
And I think one of the most popular things that was being deep fried yesterday
other than Twinkies had to be the candy corn.
Deep fried candy corn.
By the way, you're very welcome. I hope you enjoyed your Hello Kitty Yan Yan.
the girls gone wild there should be a guys gone wild series
g-o-s-s-b-b says wow
fuck you
a little racist i don't want to read that on the air
so he says china power so we'll leave it at that
vidpower says my nephew of the week goes to the official animal crossing site
because they've taken down the Donkey Kong Jr. Nest game and it's now replaced with Clu Clu Land D.
I think we have the codes for that if you need it.
Now I can't get Donkey Kong Jr. in my town now.
Also, F you to wrapping paper because I like to keep my DVD covers in excellent condition
and the wrapping paper took about 45 minutes to get off because of all the extra tape they put on it.
I have another fuck you.
You've hit your quota for tonight.
Uh, I'm the angsty happy bunny.
My fuck you of the week goes to my fianc Dan for hitting Mallory in the head with the bug net.
Mallory is a bitch and she needs to die.
She needs to burn in Animal Crossing hell.
I do not want Mallory to-
Go to Animal Crossing hell and burn Mallory. I hate you.
And also to our town lesbian Dina.
Because she went ahead and took care of her errand myself just because it was a day late.
And, and, and, and fuck you to, um, well, you know what, I need people to play Phantasy Star with, so if anyone else Phantasy Star Online in a broadband thingy for the GameCube, let me know, or if not, then fuck you.
I don't wanna play with you.
SoCalKick says F you to whoever hates on Loki.
He doesn't get my music.
I'm sorry, you're right, he doesn't get your music.
Give him Miracle Moon.
He gets something even better.
1... 2... 3... 4...
F you to whoever hates on Loki because that was the best rant-a-thon I've heard in ages.
Awwww!
23rd Magus, uh, Pauletari sounds like Yoko Ono with Laryngitis.
Co-co-co-co-co...
Gwen says F you to me because I wasn't supposed to say that female one on the air.
My bad!
EOSFBB says F you to me for being quote unquote racism.
Sorry, you just kind of used some kind of words. I don't want to stay on the air. It's kind of bad
And DDR and it's on a happy note. Thanks for the kudos Rob and Jamie
Yes, whoever took my signed tape
And I have to watch my bootleg DVD which has really bad stuff
F that
to
uh... i need to find my copy of instant love because i don't know where it is
it's on one of the uh... pre-show still god
i don't know
i try and find out the meantime we're gonna go to a quick break
and we will be back in a little yeah i think it was you know what it was on
them
yep, oh we got it, yay we found it, so we can start the break off with this
this is dedicated to all DJ Konami fans of the world, here you go, enjoy
Hey everyone, this is DJ Konami
I know you all know BeatMania, but I want to go back and teach you the basics
Listen carefully and try to follow
The object will come down from the top
When it hits the red line, push the button.
When it hits the red line, turn the table.
You get it?
Alright, let's practice.
First, hit the white keys.
Now, hit the black key!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, now a combination of both white and black key!
Easy, huh?
Alright, let's go on to the Scratch game.
Can the object reach the red line?
Scratch!
With the fast note, the technique is to Scratch fast.
Now it's all the keys and the turntable.
It's hard, but you can do it!
Okay, effector time!
And here's the spec of the new BeatMania!
Look, way below, do you see the foot switch?
That's the effect on an on switch.
With this trimmer, you can choose your effect.
I'll show you, so trim with me, alright?
Hey, do you hear the variety of effects?
With this trimmer, you can change the strength and the depth of the effect.
This powerful sound system's whooping, everybody!
Ha!
All right, gotta go!
Knock me out with your fabulous sounds
Some very little version of good speed man, yeah
I got it
This is house
This is house
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate,
As we demonstrate
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Bolsa mila means the eye
Coso los a la gravity I know the fight
Cos I spy, damage fly
This is the way we dance
This is the way we rock
This is the way we fight
As we demonstrate
As we demonstrate
This the sounds
This the sounds
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Pull the meat, I miss the eye
Push the moves when I cover the eye
Throw the fight cause I spy
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock
This is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate
As we demonstrate, everybody wants a piece of the pie
Who's a reader, mister I
Who's a loser, like nobody I know the fight
Cause I smile, this is the way we dance
It's just the way we rock and it's just the way we ride
Tonight
I'll try to let you remember
All the time, that we were having together
Sing a song, you and me can be singing
Tonight, such a pleasure, come on
And let yourself go
Flotation, feel the flow It's time to let yourself go
Flotation, feel the flow Come on, live your life
You don't get second chances
Love the night
Release the seven senses
Feel the flow
It's time to let yourself go
Tonight
Such a pleasure
Come on!
Just let yourself go
Feel the flow, it's time to let yourself go
Lose control, let yourself go
It's time to let yourself go
Feel the flow flow, and let yourself go
Lotation
Just let yourself go, let yourself go
Let yourself go, feel the flow now
Oh...
Oh...
Incorporate yourself, Oh...
Oh...
Pop this out
Feel the flow inside to let yourself go
Feel it fall down
Lose control, control
Let yourself go
Oh...
Foundation
Let the, let yourself go
Flotation
Feel the flow now, oh now
Flotation
Feel the flow
It's time to let yourself go
Flotation
Lose control
What?
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you don't know Wesley Willis, maybe you should.
That's where that little promo comes from.
It was a joke, and I don't even think it was really something I ever intended on putting into the station rotation, but we need a new promos. What can I say?
We'll make more, then.
We'll make more.
Yeah, sometime this...now that the tournament's over, we can, sometime this week, get you guys over, we'll work on more promos. That'll be fun.
Oh, they're asking about the Bubble Bobble techno song that we played one night. Do you remember what that was, Jamie?
That was last week. It should be on...it's on this disc.
We don't have to play it right now because we probably don't have enough time because we've got enough stuff that we want to talk about.
Maybe we'll get to it in the after birth, but do you remember what that was called and where you got it?
It was one of the Overclocked remixes.
So probably Overclocked.org?
Yep, should be Overclocked.org, look under B.
Search for Bubble Bubble and you'll probably find it.
All I've got to say is, you know, I've been, you know, especially nowadays, you know,
I'm totally browsing the internet while I'm working, because I like to exploit their T1 line there.
I've been checking out a lot of these Overclock remixes, and there's this one artist in particular,
I believe his name is DJ Final Fantasy, or DJ Fantasy or something like that.
And he's actually done some stuff for Final Fantasy VII.
He did this one that's called Strings Machine, that's just an awesome trance.
I mean, this guy should be doing professional stuff, I mean, I don't know why he's not.
Yes, the ones to check out are definitely Strings Machine, then there's also one that's a Geneva Trance remix, that's really cool, there's a few other ones.
Metalroid is another good one to check out, it's a Metroid themed remix, it's kind of hard rock, which is pretty cool.
What's that URL one more time?
It's, I believe it's remix.overclock.org.
Oh, okay. Yeah, okay, that's cool, remix.overclock. Good stuff.
If you just do a web search for overclock, you'll find it.
Well you might want to do Overclock Remix otherwise you're going to get a bunch of sites.
Don't clack me.
Alright, let's talk about, we've got about 20 minutes left in the show, we've got a bunch
of Imani news to cram in, but speaking of time left in the show, this is an announcement
we haven't made yet during the show, we probably should have opened the show saying it, but
starting next week with episode 20, Orange Lounge season number 2 debuts a whole new
season.
I'm concerned the past 21 shows or however many we did because we had a couple have shows in there
They've all been leading up to next week. Yes, it's all been practice
Because next week we're taking orange lounge to three hours a three hour tour
Save a three hour tour
We're gonna start the show at 630 Pacific Standard Time half hour earlier. We're gonna run it a half hour later to 930 and
Loki
officially on board as the third co-host since he's been the past couple weeks
and uh... we gotta rework a new intro because we'll have to get Loki in there and
all sorts of stuff. It's gonna be a whole new season. Now we got a new website to match.
So we're getting a facelift. We're getting a facelift.
Maybe we should be here when
Rob makes the intro or maybe
someone should hook me up with a particular program that we need to let somebody else make an intro.
I can hear it now.
Loki! For the life of me, I can't get the hookers to have sex with me!
Thank you for giving that to me once again, nice and clear. That'll make editing a lot easier, thank you.
Um, so that's how it's gonna go. It's gonna go 6.30 to 9.30 Pacific Standard Time.
The replays will still be 7 o'clock on Monday and 2 o'clock on Thursday for the time being.
As long as I get to be an angsty, happy bunny.
Of course, as always.
Happy. Or angsty, or both.
that's uh...
pretty much all you need to know new season starts next week now you know and
knowing is half the battle
okay
but money news this week way back to monday day after we did this show cbs
on the early show i was asleep did
uh... a little ddr promotion on it
is basically one gigantic infomercial for ddr where everybody did not know
shit
that would be the best way to describe it. It was like taking the audience members from
an infomercial and having them do the infomercial. Here's what they did. They got this local
dance school to come down there, and they had these people that I guess were from some
dance school from what it looked like, a local school and everything, and they were playing
DDR. The dance school of Jennifer Lopez. Okay, it was pretty bad. I mean, no one really knew
what they were doing, watching like newbie people playing DDR USA. They had three machines
there and then all speaking of the machine setup
this pissed me off I don't know why I get angry about it but I just find it
kinda irritating
they had max two machines with USA banners on them
that's I'd
that really strikes a bad chord with me it's kinda like
Konami why why you have to lie why don't you just give us a new mix
Oh, that's interesting.
Did you not notice that?
I did not notice that.
There was freeze arrows they were playing, and one of the songs being played was Japan.
They had Max II...
Matsuri, Japan.
Sorry, Matsuri, Japan.
One of the machines, the one in the middle was a USA machine, the one that the CBS host
played on that was a USA machine, however the two side machines were Max II machines.
And it's kind of like, you kind of feel like, you know, obviously for Joe, Q, Public, those
Those that don't know DDR very well, you know, it doesn't matter, it's not a big deal.
But you're kind of like, why are you misrepresenting the product here?
I mean, now the home version of Max is similar to Max 2, it's got a lot of the cool things
Max 2 does.
Why didn't we just have somebody demo the home version of Max?
Why did we have to invent these arcade machines that don't exist in the US?
I don't know.
It doesn't sit well with me, and I think Konami deserves a big slap on the wrist for that.
Well, one of the highlights I thought that was pretty interesting...
Or whoever made that decision, maybe Konami didn't make that decision.
You gotta love that they had a video game expert there who was talking about DDR and
had no idea what the fuck he was talking about.
All I could think of during that whole thing was, that guy's really gay.
He's really, really gay.
He's saying gay things.
He's kinda talking gay.
This whole segment is kind of gay.
I don't know, I didn't see this, and I'm sounding vaguely glad that I didn't.
I was asleep.
I'm being reminded that one reason they probably did the marquee switch was because the imports
are illegal.
Okay?
True that.
But that doesn't get around the issue of you used an import machine, you just lied about
it.
Exactly.
it's like, you know, okay, so they had trouble importing USA machines.
Fine. Why didn't we promo Max USA? It's a damn good product.
That's what we should have been demoing. You know, if they had, you know, maybe
out of PlayStation, a couple ignition pads, could have hoard out Red Octane,
or the official Konami pads if Konami wasn't over off their own product.
Well, what they ended up doing is they had a drawing throughout the show, which anyone watching a show
really didn't give a rat's ass.
It was only for the people actually at the show.
Yeah, I know. Super contest, which has been pre-taped.
It was two pretty shitty-ass third-party dance performance pads and a, what was it, PlayStation 2 and a DDR Max USA game.
Which is pretty, I mean, obviously that's pretty cool, you know, I'd love to win that if I was there.
The thing is, they didn't really plug the game that much.
I mean, they talked about, you know...
No. No, they kind of didn't. They were just kind of like,
Well, it's this new game that's sweeping the nation, and we're going to let these ignoramus
dent students play it, and we're going to give one of them a fabulous prize of a home
version game that we're going to just kind of show you, the box art of.
What's funny is Konami is kind of trying to forget about DDR USA.
You think?
Yes.
Notice, on the show, they only mention DDR Max and Konami.
There's no mention of DDR USA.
Oh, the first PlayStation version?
No one wants to remember that.
comparison economics USA mix is inferior I mean it's just like you wouldn't talk
about first mix in Japan anymore I mean DDR USA was kind of our first mix I
guess yeah but I mean that's a whole nother debate that we've had too many
times on the show and also it might not have been Konami's fault that whole
switcheroo might not have been Konami's fault it may have been CBS that made
that decision but F whoever did that because that wasn't cool
Whoever's decision it was f them. Yeah, I saw some pictures from it
And honestly if you're going to show off something
It's like having a product if you're gonna show a product you put it in the most positive light possible
And you don't do it by putting
People who have no idea what they're doing there. It's like basically
Being told how
Being instructed in the cop in the Kama Sutra by a priest
It's the same difference.
They have no idea how to do any of that, unless they've been reading confiscated material.
I don't know about some of them, but you know.
No, I agree.
I don't understand why they didn't interview the dance expert.
They had all these DDR people in.
They flew 8-Ball out there, or he flew out there, I don't know what the hell the arrangement
was there, but he was just kind of there in the background, wearing a DDR Freak t-shirt.
I thought I...
What was that?
Didn't he make a comment during one of the clips?
I'm not sure, because I didn't exactly...
I don't know what 8-Ball looks like, to be honest.
And I thought there was some guy that looked like he knew he was talking about, and...
He was the only guy wearing a DDR Freak shirt.
That might have been him, then.
I don't know.
I can't remember.
If I remember correctly.
It was...
I don't know, either.
But yeah, they should have...
The dance school's kids should not have been there, and whoever that guy was wasn't kamami.
He shouldn't have been there, either.
Let me just put it this way, though.
Any publicity is good publicity.
That's very true, and you know, it's going to sell the game a little more.
Maybe we will get an arcade machine in the US that's like Max 2, but...
You know, we had the discussion about it, you know, it was me and I don't remember who
I was talking to about it, but we were making the discussion that now that the whole Endo
Mirror suit's been settled, or is in process of settling, it opens the door for a new mix,
And I don't think that necessarily that Konami themselves have to do the work on it.
I mean if they're allowing third parties to do the arcade releases, they could just easily
have a team set aside.
I know, it's just kind of like, you just kind of want to know, you know, if you, if we were
just in the know a little more, if we knew a little bit more about how that, all that
operation works, you know, what goes on inside Konami's roof, inside Konami's Japan roof,
inside of Comedy of America's Roof, it would probably make a lot more sense to us, and
we wouldn't be so bitter about this game that we've wasted so much money on.
The fact is we don't.
And so we're just confused, and we don't get it.
But luckily at least the home releases are moving in the right direction by far.
So if they do end up doing a Max 2 in the U.S., which I don't see why they wouldn't,
it'll probably kick a lot of ass.
All right, CBS, yes.
So, I guess we can talk about other smaller stuff that went on.
Any other news you know?
Well, we've got, of course, the eighth release of characters for DDRPC.
Not that anyone ever plays that game anymore.
I'm sure there are certain people that play that game, but I know for me...
I did see this morning.
I did not play this. I don't play this game anymore.
It crashes on my computer and whatever.
The newest character to be released?
The newest characters that we have.
I got two Latin people, I don't remember what their names are, it doesn't really matter.
But the most important one is Jason Enos.
Yes, Jason Enos is a playable character in DDR.
Which we all pretty much knew about ever since the game came out that he would be released
at some point.
That's really cool, but his head is small.
That's exactly what I said.
His head is smaller than the rest of his body.
Some graphic artist really fucked up on that.
And his shirt looks like your shoes.
That was cool.
Dude, I love the shirt.
I want that.
The shirt was awesome, but he has a shrunken head.
That's a real bummer.
But it's still pretty neat.
But I don't know.
We didn't play it in-game.
I haven't played it in-game yet.
So he probably looks okay there.
But that little preview picture of him.
Whoops.
It's still really cool.
You know that you've made it when you are in DDR.
DJ Konami is hoping that they release Kyle Snyder as a hidden character at some point.
Probably not going to happen.
And the Sky character, yes.
And the Dark Sakura.
Sky and Dark Sakura should be a team that comes up.
No.
But we'd have to have orange bats.
Okay, if they gave us orange bats, would you be a DDR PC character?
Okay, I would.
But, you know, someone let us know if you can, you know, make skins for the characters
or something.
Let us know if anyone's figured out how to hack it.
And then Loki can be in DDR PC, too, and he'll kind of have that big trench coat of his on
doing that whole Keanu Reeves thing, whoa, I know DDR.
Whoa, I forgot my steps.
A little inside there.
Other than that, some stuff is probably going to be announced, I'm not positive it's going to be announced next week, but that's when it's scheduled to be announced.
Turning Mix 3! Yes, Turning Mix 3 is coming up.
Oh, this would be the SimNews portion.
Yes, SimNews, I guess. Turning Mix 3 is going to be started, so we're going to see a lot more Sim files, hooray!
And, you know, this time around I'm expecting BemaniRuler not to enter, you know, unless, of course, you know, almost all of his files are out there except for one, and that's the return.
And so, well, if he is gonna enter, it'll probably be that one.
Which is a, you know, sounds like a cool file, but really, I think we're all sick of BemaniRuler. In fact, I believe part of yesterday's ranting on the radio was me ripping on BemaniRuler.
Which, I don't give a shit because he's a punk as far as I'm concerned, but that's just my opinion.
Loki gets on his soapbox!
Yeah, okay, off my soapbox here.
So, Turning Mix 3, they're talking about actually having prizes. There was going to be some DVDs provided by myself, but they never took me up on that and now it's too late.
So, oh well, screw that, they're going to have to buy their own prizes.
So there's probably going to be prices this time around. There might be a section where you actually have to pay to enter, so that's kind of crap, but whatever.
This time, this time, unlike the last two times that I said I was going to enter, this time I will enter because I'm actually making sim files now.
So you'll see something from me in there if it's not, you know, something that I've already made.
So we'll see something from me in the tournament this time.
I guess I can plug my site a little bit, you know, of course everyone knows about www.leechfromloki.tk
I'm going to be uploading, probably tonight, my finished copy of Outer Limits.
I finished that, no, actually yesterday.
Yay!
How did you have any time to finish that yesterday?
Well, technically yesterday, if you consider like 1 a.m. yesterday.
Oh, okay.
And so, I finished that yesterday, so it's almost, it's all ready to go.
I just need to upload it.
It's kind of fun.
Pretty difficult.
I tried playing it on the pad today and I just realized I can't do 10-footers on a pad, so yay.
Other than that, just keep watching DDR Maniacs.
They've got another user sim file section updated to where people can submit files now
and you'll see a bunch of cool stuff come on there.
Also, DDR UK, if you're not a member of that site, I recommend becoming one
Who also you might know from his Bantu originals and that kind of thing.
He actually is doing synced sets for DDR.
He's got synced sets for EuroMix and EuroMix 2 full sets with MP3s and everything that you can download when you zip or by themselves.
And also he has Disney's rave done and he's working on Club Mix and he's going to do the rest.
And actually if you find his site, which I can't remember the URL by itself, he's got synced sets for Max 2 and DDR Max.
He's got sync sets for Max 2 and DDR Max, and I think he had at one point all the other original one through fifth, but I have them, but they're not on the site anymore.
So you'll have to find them somewhere else. But they're out there, so just keep looking.
Other than that, I don't think there's any more updates with StepMania. I haven't heard anything.
The final just got released.
Some tumbleweed rolled by.
The final got released a couple of weeks ago, so not too much going on there.
Really, that's pretty much it.
I know there's a few people still trying to find out a way to crack the DDR Max 2 edit machine code thing there.
Something I've been working on for months and kind of giving up on because I don't play the arcade machines anymore.
Maybe we'll crack that, and then I'll go play again and make some more edits, and I'm supposed to make some edits to be on SoCalKick's site, so look for those.
That's pretty much it. Not too much going on this week. It's kind of dry. Hopefully we'll see you a little bit more this week.
And always check in on Tuesday night to find out what Naoki's journal is going to be. Oh! That's right.
One other thing, not Simphile related, but DDR Extreme News. We did find out that there is another song announced. It's going to be...
Love is the Power, which is the ending theme from DDR Second Mix, so that's going to be in there, another Naoki track.
Also, as I mentioned earlier, in my FUs of the Week, Super Eurobeat, which is going to be done by Naoki, featuring the DDR All-Stars, which is Polteri, B4U, and some other chick, I can't remember the name.
And so, yeah, you'll have to listen for that one, I'm sure it's going to sound like a train wreck.
Also, a few more Oni courses, there's a really particular evil one that's got a bunch of slow songs like Bag and Orion78 played at half speed, so it's going to look like one giant mass of arrows coming up the screen that you can't read, so that'll be fun, I guess.
Check Aaron in Japan's site, he's got a really cool comprehensive list on there, and his stuff's pretty updated really frequently, so go check that out.
And that's pretty much it.
Alright, well, we've got a few more minutes left in the show, and I thought what I'd do
is open up the mailbag.
We're going to open up the email mailbag right now on the station, so let's get some mailbag
and music, shall we?
Let's do it.
I'll do it.
Let me go ahead and make a mention of something while you're filling that out.
Yes, please do.
I'm working on a little something now that I have some spare time again.
This tournament's over, thank God.
Basically, go ahead and send in an email to OrangeChallengeRadio.com with what your favorite
joke of the show is.
That would be whether it's a Nalky's Diary, maybe, or maybe our hatred of Politary, or
your favorite segment, or maybe even our listless segment.
What is your favorite staple discussion of our show?
go ahead and send that and just put attention DS for the subject and you may see something
come of that over the next few weeks.
Alright cool. The email address is orangeloungeradio, all one word, at yahoo.com and we're going
to go check the mailbag right now.
Go into the mailbag. Go into the mailbag. Yes, we're opening up the mailbag right now.
Yes, we're opening up the mailbag right now.
Ah, I see this entire week we've gotten one new email.
Hey, that's one more than we got last week.
Yes, and a lengthy one it is, too.
Yes, this is a great email.
This comes to us from somebody who refers to themselves as
Mask-kun of Suspenseful on behalf of the entire Closet Poppers Society.
Now when I first read this, I thought,
Closet Poppers, that sounds kind of like a rave thing.
Read the letter.
Let's read the letter.
Good evening, I'm speaking for all of the members of the Closet Poppers Society, affectionately
known in our inner circles as Judy's Basement.
And we as a whole listen to your radio station almost religiously.
Well thank you.
We love you.
In fact, number 349, Sanchez, quartet of the mariachi, is such a fan that he maintains
a small shrine to both of you, which is all, there is three of us now, thank you, which
is located between the paint cams at his hardware store, which he is not at one of our meetings.
Your 24-hour Bahmani words of wisdom inspire us all. I love people that can kiss some ass.
We try our best to play every game that they make. Unfortunately, we feel that there may
be major bias within those divine offices, and it is starting to get on the coalition's
nerves just a tiny bit. What are we talking about? Basically, we've chalked up numerous
hours of listen time, many thanks to Danny of Surf Punk and Yamye of Asian Ska, who took
the time to set up the player, and on most occasions felt that each of the great Konami's
honorable franchises has been fairly represented in regards to each other. If the collection
of 2DX music began to eclipse that of Guitar Freaks or Keyboard Mania, the system would
quickly be brought back into relative balance.
Actually, I think we have more 2DX music than any of those, but I'm pretty sure we do, but
I don't know if...
But we do have a good selection of the others.
Fair enough. We do have a good selection of most Bamani music. However, our society is mainly composed of pop and music 1 through 8 fans, and out of the many times we have tuned in, we have only heard maybe 2 or 3 songs out of the well over 350 that exist, and we feel that you're not doing the license any justice.
If I can find pop and music songs...
You know, I think I know a place where I can find some.
I will make it my mission to download plenty of pop and music stuff for you guys.
Alright, Jean-Marc of Arty Pop has been especially traumatized by the imbalance and keeps running
into walls, rambling about buttons that never were.
To make a long story short, we've come to beg you to add more pop and music tracks to
the lineup.
All we ask is maybe two to three a month until the series catches up to its brethren and
its long-lived potential.
We repeat, give the poppers the reparization they deserve.
You asked for it, you got it.
You asked for it, you got it.
We've got the space for it, we can accommodate it.
This week on Orange Lounge, Politary is out, Poppin' Music is in.
But my personal request, we need Poppin' Music and the Melo stuff.
I have to have the Cutie Honey theme on Orange Lounge Radio.
We will make it our mission to go find ourselves some Poppin' Music.
Of course, here on Orange Lounge, we always go out and buy the legit soundtracks before we put songs into rotation.
Of course! So, we're going to go right now and order soundtracks!
We will order them!
And as soon as those ordered soundtracks are in our possession, we will replay them and play them for you.
In fact, I will have mine rushed overnight so that they get here on time for this week.
We will have them rushed overnight! Yes, we shall do that! That's a fabulous idea.
We will make sure that they are sent by a special electronic courier.
Yes. Yes, electronic courier. I like that idea.
Alright.
Okay, I'll repeat my comment. End the show. I have to go to the bathroom.
Okay, we're going to end the show, but I need to queue up the music real fast.
So, is this tonight's fortune cookie right there? Yes it is.
Okay, so I need to ask really fast though if you guys have any final thoughts.
1 Must Fall Battlegrounds
I want to hear the fortune cookie.
They want to know the mailbag music. The mailbag music is Journey to the Wonderland from Keyboard
Mania 2nd Mix. And Baquah is not on any DDR soundtracks. It's from the artist's CD, Lee
Jung Hyun. And I'm too honky to pronounce that correctly. Good night!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers,
also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Skye. And now, here's your fortune cookie message
of the day.
Prepare for trouble!
And make it double-double!
Quit imitating us!
devastation to ignite our peoples within our nation this is insulting to denounce the
evils of truth and love to express our reach to the stars above ash misty and brock
duplica that's right team rocket blast off at the speed of life surrender now or prepare to fight all of us
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
