Oh! Message for you, son! Attention! Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, are there any boys down there?
That's the biggest girl you've ever seen, Jingle Berry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolute frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions.
Just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time on Scrockets, baby dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I don't come through.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect for punishing positions is gentle.
Hey!
Shut up! Where's my gun? This is my boomstick!
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex and wait.
What kind and what human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio.
I find it funny.
We are live, and this is episode number 22 for December the 1st of 2002.
You're tuned into the Bimani scene's most hideous, no just kidding, most unhideous radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts and you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always is my awesome co-host in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better.
It's Darksekara.
I have nuts.
Yes, you have some nice...
They're tasty, unsalted nuts.
They're lovely and unsalted.
They're a true joy to lick.
Fashions are good for you.
We appreciate that.
They're high in protein.
They're a fiber.
And in that corner, say hello to the one and only Tech Massa.
It's Loki.
Hey, everybody.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
Very good.
Very good.
All right.
I'm gonna eat my nuts.
Okay, I have had a cry for you, Dark Sakura.
Also tonight with us in studio, say hello to Brad, Nike-style, and the happy little
Panda Rice Princess.
Say hello to Irene.
Hi, I'm with the Panda Rice Princess, too.
Addicts.
You're all addicts.
We'll be talking to them more.
We're going to do a list list tonight, so they'll be back for a list list a little later
in the show. First we're going to take a really quick break, feature you some requests, and
we're going to eat more nuts, and we'll be right back to talk about all things Bahmani,
and then some. See you then!
See you then!
Don't turn off the lights
Be-be-be be good
I'll be there, I'll be there I'll be there, I'll be there
We will die if you love me
We'll take a party on your table
And we'll never know when to say
You love me, kiss me
We'll bring hair and say
I'm so free now
Why bother every night to get the shot?
All you're leaving is what you want
Every night I'll be here tonight
Maybe this year won't come soon enough
They took the credit for your second symphony We're written by machine and you take the last G
And now I understand the problems you can see I met your children What did you tell them?
Video killed the radio star, video killed the radio star
The tears came and broke your heart
And now we meet in an abandoned studio
We hear the playback and it seems so long ago
And you remember the jingles used to go
Oh oh, you were the first one
Oh oh, you were the last one
Video killed the radio star
Video killed the radio star
In my mind and in my car
We can't rewind, we've gone too far
Oh
Oh
Oh
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up.
It's on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, we are back live.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Dave's in the house.
What's up?
He's color-coordinated.
What's up?
Yeah, I wear blue now.
That's all I wear.
You're so coordinated today.
A happy Hanukkah to you, Dave.
Yeah, I got Max USA.
Woot woot!
Woot woot!
Dave, by the way, is also our resident Jew.
Congratulations.
No, you gotta love the Jewish people, though.
I've never met a mean Jewish person.
Every Jewish person I've ever met has been completely nice.
Dave kind of borderline, but you know, good enough.
My grandmother.
No, I do like this color coordination thing you have going though, very nice.
You know, you're just playing that promo, the catch-up song promo, and I was thinking
Dave's the only person I know that actually knows the dance.
And I wish I'd known the other night when they were playing it at the club.
I don't know the dance.
I saw the five second video of them doing like the I don't know the chimichanga dance or whatever. It's called
Yeah, that's where you lay on your back and wave your hands in the feet and you're like a dead cockroach
But the reason why I'm late is because are we just being totally random tonight, why are you tardy sir?
Well, I figured you're just getting used to the 630 thing. This is only like what the third show
we've been starting 6-3? Actually, I remember at about 4 o'clock, I'm like, okay, well,
I just borrowed Kingdom Hearts from my friend JJ, so I think I'll go play the Hades Cup
now, which is 50 battles long, including at least five bosses. So I started that, I'm
not exactly sure when, because I had to level up a little bit, and then I finally finished,
I beat everyone, and I finished like ten minutes ago, and then I ran down and came over here.
Well, I suppose if we're going to get cast aside for Kingdom Hearts, there's not a lot we can do.
Animal Crossing stole me from Kingdom Hearts.
That's right. Animal Crossing, by the way, is in the other room right now, and that's where Brad and Irene...
They just came in in the beginning to say hello, and now they're back out there. They'll be back for Listless later on the show, but...
I'm going to have to start playing Kingdom Hearts again, because I'm only in Agrabah.
I'm way over-leveled for where I am.
Being suggested in the chat room, apparently EOSFBB has this bookmarked, the link to the catch-up song video.
Because he sure was able to find that pretty fast.
So, he wants us to watch that live on air, but unfortunately, I can't do that.
I don't want to vomit on the microphone.
Yeah, we don't want to get Jamie to vomit on the microphone.
Also, if I try to watch streaming video, it eats up a lot of my resources,
which means listeners get kicked from the live stream, and we don't want that to happen.
But, we'll do that another time.
He says he wants to thank whoever made that video, so I'm assuming there's a lot of cleavage in the boob shots.
Cleavage-ay.
Anyway.
Yeah, let's hear it for tits.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
As I say it, I'm a flat monotone.
Okay, we apologize also if you're hearing a hum in the background tonight.
We don't know what's causing it.
We're trying in studio here to take measures to not have it happen, but it's still happening we think, so just bear with us tonight please.
Yes, just pretend we're all doing yoga.
It's the incessant noise of Homer after he's like, mmm, doughnut.
Beer, 72 ounce tub of beer.
You know they sell these huge, huge, big old things at 7-Eleven now.
It's like, gotta be like a hundred and thirteen ounces.
The bucket.
The bucket.
The super bucket.
You didn't see the bucket that I bought, Dan, at Great America.
What's that?
We were there to see Margaret Cho.
I bought this 100 and something ounce bucket, drink bucket for Dan.
Oh, I do remember seeing that. Yes, it was for his coffee.
Mm-hmm. No, just for him to drink.
Well, just for him to drink. For orange soda.
You know, the 7-Eleven's having a special right now. You can fill up any mug for 79 cents full of coffee.
Dude, I'll do that. I'll bring that thing and fill it up full of coffee and take it to work.
You should make your ghetto mochas.
Dude, my ghetto mochas own.
The Get-A-Mocha, you take really strong coffee, and then you put in Swiss Miss chocolate mix.
Add in a tablespoon of hazelnut creamer, and then like half a spoonful of sugar.
Mix that up, add more coffee to mix everything else up, and then drink it.
You'll be awake all day for the next week.
Oh, you're going to go get sucked in Animal Crossing 2 as well.
I've heard so much about it, how can I resist?
Fine, fine.
You didn't even eat my nuts.
Oh, now Bradley's here.
Dang, is there a party going on at the house today that I don't know about apparently?
There's a party at the house and everyone's invited.
Alright, let's say hello to Bradley.
How you doing Bradley?
I'm doing okay.
You just ran over here, you were in the chat room in the exit and now here you are.
Now you came to finally get your 2DX controller this week, right?
Yes.
Let's upgrade again.
I'll come back again.
I swear I haven't played it at all.
Well, obviously we have Animal Crossing now, so we got sucked into that, so there's no
use for my Playstation anymore because we've got Animal Crossing.
Scroop Imani, this is now a show all about Animal Crossing.
Oh my god, that Mallory.
It's the I hate Mallory show.
I like Mallory.
Just kidding, just kidding.
Mallory gives me stuff.
Well, you hear that Olivia is the troublemaker in our town, who moved from your town.
I don't want Olivia back.
You're abusing Olivia.
I do have to say also though, of course, a big, big thank you to Loki, because Loki spent
some bonus money on spreading a little joy in the household of Rob this week.
Yeah, he created a, I don't know, a whole troupe of zombies playing that game.
Yeah, Zombie would be right, because Neil was up at about three last morning still playing
it, yesterday morning still playing it.
the
let's start the show off tonight by visiting the old mail bag if you want to
send us an email i gotta do is email orange lounge radio at yahoo dot com
and so right now we're gonna open up the mail bag and take a look
because we've got some mail this week we
Let's see, going into the mail bag, orangelaunchradio.yahoo.com.
Oh, look, one new message.
Hey, that's one more email that we had last week.
Yes, and I feel so special.
All right.
We have an email from, let me see if there's a handle here.
No, there isn't.
So we have an email from Martin.
And Martin emailed us, and he has some questions.
There's a few questions he'd like to ask us here in the studio.
So I thought we'd go down and we'd answer his questions,
because we're nice, we're open people here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll each give it an answer.
We'll each give these questions an answer, and it's a good time filler.
So, question number one from Martin's email.
He wants to know...
I would assume this is specifically for Jamie.
What are you on?
Happy Crack.
Also known as Propel.
Propel? You're on Propel.
Loki, what are you on?
I'm not on anything.
I just like this.
I'm high on life, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm high on life.
I'm on God. No, I'm just kidding.
Okay, not that there's anything wrong with that.
If all goes well later, I'll be on a stranger's bed.
No, uh, just kidding, just kidding.
Two, uh, question number two.
Question 2 for Martin. Can he have some?
Sure, go to Walgreens.
Go to Walgreens and get some Propel.
As we discussed, I'm not on anything, so to have...no. You can't.
You can't have any of me. I'm too good for you.
And unfortunately you can't have any of my life. You can probably get some man porn if
you go down to your local video store.
Rob, are you running out of time? Do you need a time transplant?
Yes. I need to go back to high school. I missed out on so much.
Okay, you know what? Martin, if you send us your address, we will send you some Orange
Propel, courtesy of Orange Lounge Radio. How's that sound?
Okay.
Alright, we'll send some Orange Propel so he can have some of what Jamie's on.
But I usually drink the berry flavor.
The orange flavor sort of tastes like a weak tang.
Ho ho ho.
You are!
Yeah, give us your address and we'll send you flavored water.
up
the
nation
your disgusting
alright question number three why does the chat room not work on my fucking
computer
this year
Let me guess, you're using a Mac.
Yeah, I was just going to say the same thing. You must be using a Mac.
I know it's a little difficult, and you might get it confused with a toaster.
Now, here's how you can tell.
Can you put toast in it?
Does it make bagels?
If it does those two things,
that's kind of difficult. You might need to, you know, actually get a computer expert to determine whether it's a toaster or a Mac, so...
Good luck there. I only said that to piss off BlackWap, because I know he's listening right now.
We love you, BlackWap!
BlackWap, by the way, is a big Mac fan, so we occasionally knock on the Macs to piss him off.
And if SharksGirl's listening, she's a Mac whore, too. She's a Macette.
We like her Mac, because her Mac is shiny.
And special reverse CDs for her.
That's true.
The best thing I can suggest is use the Java chat room.
All you have to do is you go to our website at orangelounge.skie.cx and then you're going
to just click on the chat page and then at the very bottom it will say, if all these
steps don't work, try our Java applet.
And I have to give thanks to Twen because he helped us get this Java applet working,
this handy little thing.
And that should work.
computer can view complex websites, you can run Java, you can get in the chat through
that method. So good luck, and we hope to see you in the chat room tonight.
Question number four from Martin, we're going through the email in our email bag at orangelionsradio.yahoo.com
right now. Question number four is, how the hell did you know so much about the money?
Well. Well, I'm glad you asked, because this is
the part where we get to inflate our egos a little bit talking about how old school
we are, Jamie. Gee, don't start on me or anything.
Do you want to go new school-ist to old school-ist?
Well, I can start.
Alright, Jamie's the most old school in the room.
Alright, let's see.
Not last year, year before.
Because I first played on the DDR machine at AX 2000, I think it was.
Okay.
Bradley was there, that's where I met Bradley.
On the AX 2000?
Yeah, I started playing in February of that year.
Actually, I had seen DDR the year before that.
I was in a best-to-move tournament, best-to-move 2, just trashing everybody until I got a faulty controller.
So it was in July of 1999 that I first saw DDR and I looked over and I was like,
that game looks stupid, until I heard someone playing Kung Fu Fighting.
And I was like, hey, it's Kung Fu Fighting, that's pretty cool.
I went over and looked at it like, oh, and then I played DDR for the first time in February, and my friend loaned me his Playstation version and the dance pad.
I'm really crappy, you're a funny one too, but I digress.
So, I was like, this DDR thing is cool, and then I came home from work one day in April, my birthday, and there was our Dreamcast set out with one of the nice dance pads and my own DDR second mix.
So I was happy. I first played the machine in July of 2000 at the Anime Expo.
I paid $2 a game. I slept in the damn room.
Just watching people. I was like, oh man, that's cool.
I remember being in there and seeing Xanadu because I liked the movie.
And I liked Olivia Newton-John.
And people were going, I thought you never played DDR before.
But I like, this was a movie? Hello?
Olivia Newton-John, Electric Light Orchestra? Are you that young?
So, and that's how it went from there, September-ish, no, maybe August or so.
Kojiko Lanes got their DDR 1.5 and that started it.
Right on. So, and just you've become such an addict over time that that's how you know.
So much about money.
Yeah, I just kept finding more and more stuff that I like.
Sounds good. My story, I'll try to keep it brief.
Well, there's one other thing.
Oh, yeah, sorry.
I have this, you know, addiction to owning controllers.
So, oooh, we need my money again, I have to get a controller for it!
Alright, how the hell did I discover my money?
It was over Memorial Day in 2000, I think?
Couple years ago, it was a couple years ago.
Actually, maybe it was 99, actually, come to think of it.
I don't remember, but it was Memorial Day some year, I went and I actually went to Milpitas Golf Land.
And I think they were having a tournament because there were a lot of people there.
lot of people there. Now keep in mind I knew nothing about, we were actually going there
to golf. I knew nothing about DDR or anything. I saw the game, thought it was cool. No chance
in hell I was going to be playing because there was way too crowded around the machine.
But I actually ended up seeing the machine months later at a 25th anniversary Rocky Horror
convention in October of 2000 and that's when I played for the first time. And a couple
friends from the Rocky cast, including Rice Princesses out in the other room, we skipped
out on the convention Friday night and we stayed up and played DDR and it was so much
fun. So that's when I got hooked on DDR. And after that, let's see, I started playing when
Roswell Golf Land got USA mixed in something like, what, January? I don't know. So I started
playing, no it was December, December of two years ago. I met you at Milpitas Golf Land.
Yeah, so it's coming up, yeah it's coming up two years. So two years I've been playing
I'm a sponge, I pick up every piece of information I hear.
As far as the radio thing goes, I used to have my own college radio show for seven semesters
back when I went to Chico State, so that's kind of where I picked up the radio thing.
And then I was co-hosting a program called Understation Live up until a couple months
ago when our head host Travis had to leave, took off for Texas and just kind of been doing
the radio thing ever since. Orange Lounge is, I guess at its core, Orange Lounge is
somewhat of a spin-off of that show, but I don't know. I don't know what you want to
call it.
Lowkey, your turn. You're the most new school, and this is kind of sad, because I know you've
been playing DDR at least a year, so that doesn't make you that new school.
It's actually been like two years.
Oh, wow.
I started, I think it was, I'd say, maybe April of 2001? Yeah, April of 2001, so it's almost been two years.
And I started, I saw it first at Phantom of a Con that year, 2001, saw it there, and I actually got to try it out on...
I saw you there. I knew I saw you at Pawnee. I was dressed up as Emmy.
How would I remember it? I don't know.
He was drunk.
He was trying to get hookers.
I wasn't trying to get hookers.
Well, if you tuned into last week or the week before that, you would have already known that that's happened.
I mean, sort of.
No, he was chasing the Jiggly Slut around.
The Jiggly Slut.
The Jiggly Puff Cosplay Girl.
No, they...
No, I remember...
Well, no, that one.
Last year.
Last year we were chasing around a bunch of women with cameras, but no.
Anyways, so I saw a DDR fourth mix there, and then I got to try a USA machine in Tahoe and had no rhythm whatsoever, so that was fun.
And so then I went and I guess I found out that it was at Sunsplash or RVGL, and so I went and played down there ever since the other fourth in their USA machine.
I bought the home versions and that kind of thing.
And then ever since that, because I used to be really into QZAR, and you know, the laser tech place up here, and I played it for like four years, I was really obsessed with it, well then that went away.
And so now, now I guess I'm just, you know, into DDR, and how I know a lot of stuff about Bimani is that at my work, during phone calls and stuff, I'm actually browsing the Bimani news sites out there, and you know, that's how I know pretty much everything goes on.
So I read about 12 different message boards all day long.
Right on.
So that's the answer to that question.
Boy, that was a long answer.
But hey, we've got a lot to say here on Orange Lounge Radio.
If you're just joining us, as I know some people have just
joined us, we are answering email right now.
If you have a question, a comment,
something you'd like to say, we will read it
in our mailbag segment.
Just send us an email, OrangeLoungeRadio,
all one word, at yahoo.com.
and we're reading an email from Martin right now, and he asked a bunch of questions, so we're answering them right now.
Question number five, is it only me, or do the Zippers suck?
The Zippers, by the way, being that band that JB brought in last night, or, I'm sorry, last week with the CD.
I'm not a huge fan of the Zippers. In fact, I don't like them pretty much at all.
But, yeah, they kind of suck if you don't like that speed type music thing.
I don't know, that's kind of a trend that DDR has, you know, putting a lot of speed mixes and Euromix and stuff, so if you're just not into it, I guess that you wouldn't like it, but you know, it's something for someone, I'm sure.
How come everyone I know suddenly has the weasel, aka Bush Baby?
Bush Baby, our second Orange Lounge mascot, our first Orange Lounge mascot would be Dave.
But our second Orange Lounge mascot would be the weasel.
It was given to me as a birthday present a couple years ago.
Simple as that, and it sits here. I have a lot of little thingies that sit above the computer.
There's a Clifford ball, there's a devil I got from that same convention where I saw DDR the first time,
Batsmaru, a bunch of stickers, the cartman doll, things like that, and the ferret was
just sitting up there and Jamie grabbed it one night and just went to town, so you hear
it right now.
So that's the story behind the weasel, and if everyone you know has the weasel, I don't
know your friends, so I don't know why.
It's a ferret, it's a weasel or a ferret, it's a thingy.
Next question, how did you find out about DER top hits or mis-hits?
I signed on to Sac Bay Monty one day and there it was, the end.
low-key told me so i have told
uh... is actually here in japan they were on their message boards they were
doing a uh...
the money knock-offs it's been off that i think and i haven't been the person
they're talking about the air topics
uh... same group did another one uh... it is so a lot of great
to fit
the same people that did that one
so uh... yeah aaron in japan dot com very fine website we like them so
visit them.
Next question.
Did I get your email address right?
Well, of course you did because we're reading your email right now.
It is OrangeLoungeRadial, all in a word, at yahoo.com and says, Loki, email me back if
you did.
So I'll forward this email to Loki and you two can talk about whatever you guys need
to talk about.
I don't know.
Oh, maybe he wants a date.
Oh, no, I don't.
We'll see.
All right.
So thanks so much for the email, Marvin.
We appreciate it.
And I think he just joined the chat room.
I see a new name here that matches the one on the email, so who knows?
Oh, we just got one more new message. Let's have a look.
Oh, we got an email from Black Lab. Oh, it says FUs of the Week. Well, we've got to save those for later.
Never mind. We'll read those later. Those are the FUs of the Week.
Okay. Oh, I'd like to say an early happy birthday to DDR Angel.
That's somebody new that just started chatting in our chat room this week, and she's having a birthday on Wednesday.
And she would love it if you came out to Scandia in Rohnert Park and played some DDR with her
for her birthday.
I was going to try to make it out there, but I don't know how flexible it is with my work.
Yeah, it's a little ways to go.
Yeah.
Oh, he says, he says yes, it is him.
And also, another early happy birthday wish to one of our, we have a new school listener
and a very, very old school listener, been here with us, I believe, since the first show,
did our website, SoCalKicks is having a birthday tomorrow.
Woohoo!
Happy birthday to him.
Squeeze.
Oh, I can turn off the music now. We're done with the mailbag.
So a big happy birthday yet, because I have the sound off in the studio to try to get rid of that, huh?
I don't know. We'll see.
So, speaking of
SoCal Kicks, I believe I can talk about this now, yeah? I don't know.
We're going to see. I'm going to plug some websites. We're going to do some website hunting
right now, because a couple websites have just launched.
There's one right now!
Dude, that game looks so boring. I don't know if there's some underlying secret mind control device, but it's like, okay.
Yes. You talking about Animal Crossing? Yes. It's addicting as hell.
It's like, okay, I need to go change the music now.
Did they show you the old-school Nintendo games that you can play? Tell them to go to my house and play the old-school Nintendo games. It's awesome.
Okay, I will.
Do you want to comment on Animal Crossing?
No, I was saying yes.
Oh, okay.
Oh yes, back to SoCalKicks.com.
Blah, blah, blah. Welcome back to SDK Max Ultimate Evolution just now.
About time after a three week wait, and constant launch dates being flushed right down the drain.
Finally the site relaunches, just in time for SoCalKicks' birthday.
Happy birthday.
He's got a lot of people on board, gonna be doing the website stuff, and none of us are on it.
Oh, but he says it is in no way the final staff list, so maybe we can, you know, turn
some tricks and get listed.
He wants more people on his staff.
He wants more people to get on his staff.
Let's see, so what's so big about SDK Max 5.0 that makes it better than the other versions?
says
Did Jamie leave?
She left.
Oh, my bad.
Okay, we'll take a really quick break, and then after this break, we're going to peruse
another website that we've been asked to whore out tonight.
So we will be right back after this very quick break.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and we'll be right back to talk about all
things but money. And then some. See ya!
We're gonna fight for life
Baby fight to the right
We're gonna move tonight
Let's move tonight
Yeah we'll fight to the right
Baby fight to the right
We're gonna move tonight
Let's just go Alright
Let's just go Stand up, stand up, stand up, stand up, alright
Let's just go Have a good time
All right, all right, all right
Let them go, they should stand up
All right, all right
One, two, three, two, one
Hello, you are
listening to Orange Lounge Radio and that was three to one stars which is going to be
in DDR Extreme.
It's delicious.
It's extremely an old Bimani song but it'll be in DDR Extreme and I always said that should
be in DDR because it's fun.
Before that, by request, Let's Groove coming to us from the chat room and if you want to
join our chat room just go to our website orangelounge.skie.cx and click on chat.
It's just that simple.
Another quick announcement, I don't think we announced this last break, I want to state
for all you guys. Next week's show, next Sunday's show, I'm actually not going to be here, so
what we're going to do is we're going to tape the show on Saturday night. It's still going
to be in the house, so if you want to tune in at 6.30 next Saturday, you'll hear the
show live. But for those of you that can't make it on Saturday night, we'll rebroadcast
at the normal time on Sunday. Yes, I'm going to see, I'm going to the Cher concert. See
See what I'm really wanting to go see, though? Cindy Lauper's opening, and she's just fucking fabulous, so I can't wait to go.
So, um, we will be taped next week. But if you want to hear it live, we'll be doing the normal shtick just on Saturday night as opposed to Sunday.
So, outside of that, um, oh yes, we're going to be also doing a mini-marathon next week.
So if you want to catch up on some old episodes of Orange Islands Radio, we're going to be marathoning all of season one next weekend.
All of it. So, tune in for that.
Actually, this is something that you and I have discussed, and I forgot to mention it before the show.
Yes, that's fine.
I talked to you before about a friend of mine who's doing a radio drama.
Yes! Talk about this. Talk about this.
It's called Johnny the Homicidal Maniac.
One is actually based on I Feel Sick, which was Debbie's spin-off.
And I'm going to be a voice actor in it. I'm going to be oblivia.
And we still need one more voice actor for this. My friend Michelle is very talented, doing a very good adaptation of the comic.
So we need one more voice actor, so if anyone's interested, send an email to orangelounge.com.
I'm interested.
Can you sound like a whiny gothic boy?
I can sound whiny. Wait, I sound whiny as it is.
Well, hey, we'll see. You just get me some samples ready.
So it'll be part of that Bamani music and then some. You're going to be hearing some and then some coming to Orange Lawn's radio.
Right, once everything's done, the plan is to air it, you know, during the show.
I want to be Sque when, you know, he gets his appearance.
We'll talk to her about it.
But we're definitely going to be, once everything is, you know, we've got a first episode reported,
it's going to be played right here.
Right on.
So just stay tuned for that.
Keep tabs on our website, we'll always be talking about that.
Speaking of websites, we were taking the website tour just before we went to break.
We visited SoCalKicks.com and now we're going to whore out another website.
Brand new, I'm not sure if this is going to be a blog or what it is, I believe it's a
blog but I'm being asked to whore it out by a chat regular of ours, DCB.
He's a good buddy of the show.
He's going to be doing a tournament in Fremont, a DDR tourney in Fremont in January.
Check the DDR Freak Tournament forums if you want more information on that.
A Fremont tournament in January.
And he's got this website called Killer Pals, which I'm not sure if that's a reference,
that sounds like a reference to something in the 80s, I just don't remember what.
Like wasn't there some Saturday morning show where the club was a killer, the Super Friends?
Am I just getting Super Friends confused with Killer Pals?
I don't know.
You may have been Killer Pals or Tilly Pals, but I don't know.
Yeah, Killer Pals I guess could be the name of a really bad B-movie.
I don't know.
I'm going to post this link for all y'all in the chat room, but if you aren't in our
chat room, it's just www.radbeats.com slash tilde killer pals.
That little squiggly thing.
Tilde, it's a tilde.
It's the shift in the upper left thing, yes.
you should keep an eye on. It's pretty. Because they're neat. I only know about half these
people, but they're all neat. The half I do know are neat. They're very well taken care
of and clean. They have good hygiene. So, visit the killer pals, because Bongo demands
it. Yeah. Let's see, oh, 23rd Magus has a comment for you, Jamie. He says he can sound
like a whiny goth boy, because he is.
Do samples of your voice try to sound, you know, do different types of voices and say
different things and email me that.
Meet me later on AIM and I'll get that from you.
Now they're having an argument in the chat room about tilde versus tilde.
Squiggly thing.
Squiggly thing, exactly.
Just go to dictionary.com and look up the words.
hail the squiggly thing. And it will have a pronunciation key there, so you don't have
to actually go into a dictionary or a real one. Okay, so that's our website tour for
the week. I don't know, is there any other website news that you know of, things going
on? Loki, any big websites that have been renovated? Mergers, buyouts, sellouts, downtimes?
Other than like the week, couple week old 2DX style going down, I guess they're doing
Okay. But all they really had on that site, the site itself, was just the official, you know, Bomani tracks, so you can find those everywhere anyway, so it's kind of useless. But they really had a cool link section that I kind of missed.
Let me make one quick interruption. Michelle, I see you, and yes I did whore out the show. We are going to have that last voice actor.
Okay, cool.
That's all right.
You surrounded us.
Gonna like be brought to you.
Oh, ass!
Sorry to interrupt, Loki, but that's what we do.
That's pretty much it.
Not that I'll be renovating my site at some point when I feel like it.
I haven't felt like it, so...yeah.
Uh, Leech from Loki TK will soon be hosting some Sky Original StepMania files.
Yeah.
They will be scary indeed, so keep an eye out for them.
And I...
I also have to mention that I did change my tourney mix 3 song and you'll be hearing that
later on in the show.
Yes, we'll be doing that in the cage match later.
Cage match is coming up.
I'm so glad we have a crowded chat room tonight.
That makes me a happy bunny.
Oh, hello Elena!
Oh, yes!
I wanted to get to this.
You have to go soon, huh?
Oh, well I wanted to talk to Elena.
Everybody say hello to Elena.
Hello!
Hello!
Now for those that don't know Elena, which would be everybody, well not in this room.
We all know Elena because we saw her before the show started.
Elena is a friend of mine, she's a buddy of mine.
You know me before I got into DDR, and I was still a nerd back then, too, right?
Oh yeah, completely.
What I want to talk to you about is, because I like to bring strangers on the show occasionally
that know nothing about DDR, just ask you, what do you think when you see this for the
first time, this DDR Fanatic Fan Club?
Are we crazy, or what is it?
You know what, frankly you scare me.
Will we scare you?
How do we scare you?
Oh, I don't know.
It's just all the dancing and all the weird things you guys do.
All the weird things?
Like what?
Handplants and bar raping?
Yeah.
I see some of the stuff that you guys, the dance moves and stuff, it's kind of weird.
It's weird in a good way, I should say.
But what I did want to talk to Alaina about is that she just discovered the world of PlayStation
2, what, two weeks ago?
How did this happen?
Actually, my roommate's boyfriend, Mike, brought over a PlayStation, and this is really a big
It's a big upgrade for us over at my roommates in my house.
We have the original Atari.
We have been playing it actually.
The original.
We play Space Invaders and all the fun stuff.
I wanted to ask you about Atari 2600.
You've been playing Atari 2600.
Up until two weeks ago, it was all about fucking Atari.
It was great.
What is the best Atari 2600 game you've ever played in your whole life?
Space Invaders.
Space Invaders?
I just love it.
I disagree.
I disagree.
Break out.
kaboom kaboom kaboom is the best kangaroo
no i didn't like kangaroo at all but you know what i have a 5200 and it's all
about kicks see we can't even get that game it's all
about a large group of drunk people playing combat no
okay i'm being i'm being yelled at in the chat room because atari 2600 is not
the original atari it's the only atari that matters so
There was the Pong system, and there was some other one that was like a maze one.
Yeah, but this is...
Yeah, but as far as conventional systems go, the Atari 2600 is probably the granddaddy,
unless you count the Fairchild Channel left that came out before it.
You don't even play Game Boy?
No, actually, I haven't ever played Game Boy.
You haven't ever played Game Boy?
Never.
So, you just don't think you can get into the DDR?
Did you see the turntable game? The 2DX? The turntable game with the buttons?
No.
No? Is it just intimidating? What frighted you about DDR?
Well, I don't know. Maybe it's just because I'm a pretty busy person and I just don't know how to play.
Oh! Oh, I see. You don't got no time for DDR. Oh, mm-hmm.
Busy Elena. She got time to be doing the Space Invaders.
But heaven forbid you asked her to dance a little.
Now, Space Invaders is an awfully good drunk party game, so just don't ignore it.
Well, so is DDR.
Well...
You've been to the house parties, you know.
Yes, I do.
I can play 2DX drunk and do pretty good.
But you know what, it's not only just DDR that is a little Ina Strange.
I can do a party that you were at.
You guys were playing something with...
Yes, Parapara.
Oh, Parapara scares even us, so it's okay.
Oh, we got Ryan to wear Ena's clothing. That was great.
We got one of our friends, Ryan, SDMX, he actually wore his girlfriend's clothes and played Para Para.
Pictures were taken of this and put on other websites, yes.
That was insane. That was an insane part.
Did we get you to play that? How was Para Para frightening to you?
I wasn't drunk enough.
How was Para Para frightening? I want to know.
Well, first of all, it's not a fish.
Actually, most of the songs are in English and all the texts in the game is, too.
Not the one that you guys had on that night.
The Macarena's in Spanish?
Everybody knows the Macarena?
Yes, got her.
Well, the scary thing I think about Patapata is that when you watch the people who know
the dances, and then you have five people behind them who all know the dances, too.
What was going on when you were here that we were all going, boom, boom, deluxe, da,
da, da, da, da, da, shake my ass, shake my ass.
It was a whole room of people, it was very pretty.
I can totally understand at the MGL tournament too, I think it was, when they were having
that go on, people around the Para Para second mix, I was just walking in the room all of
a sudden you see 30 people doing it, like, holy crap, zombies, run, it's still all over
again.
You know the sad thing about it in Japan and Hawaii and basically all over the area?
The Para Para dance, there's whole clubs of people who do this.
And everybody dresses the same because, you know, it's easier to do Para Para when you
have no sleeves and everything.
Wait a minute.
Because knowing Elena, I know something about Elena that y'all don't know, so I'm coming
in armed.
Elena, don't you do country line dancing?
Oh, no.
Not since there hasn't been a club in Sacramento.
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
How is country line dancing different than Para Para except the music in Para Para is
better?
Well, you know what, I never country line danced without some alcohol in me, so no.
The other thing about Para Para is that...
How's country line dancing?
Say hello to Neil.
That's because with country line dancing you're not doing it alone.
Yes.
You're not looking like a single fool.
You have partners.
And you don't have idiots shadowing behind you.
At actual Para Para clubs, they have everybody doing the same thing with you, it's that everybody
looks like they're all on crack.
You know what that does?
If I took you to a Para Para Club, do you think you could get down and boogie?
You know what, I probably could handle the dance, but I don't think I could.
No offense, you know, I love you.
That was the best thing I've heard all night.
That's so owned.
You get winner points today.
Alaina gets escorted off the show now.
Thank you for being with us tonight, we appreciate it.
Big hugs.
Take care.
Enjoy Gran Turismo.
This is your new addiction, Gran Turismo.
I was on top, man. 247.9 miles an hour.
What car are you using?
R something. You know what, we're going to take you to play Initial D someday.
Yes, we will take you to play Initial D.
This is the only game I have played on these new PlayStations.
I have to learn one before I move on to the next.
You're going to graduate to Initial D next week.
And then maybe some Grand Theft Auto after that. We'll see.
Take care, Elena. Big hand for Elena.
I still need to get Vice City.
And Neil was in there too.
I still need to get Vice City so that I can go around and kill people.
You can get hookers to sleep with you?
I don't want a hooker!
See, the thing is, they don't have, you know, like, mansluts out on the street in my game.
They need to have mansluts.
There needs to be... Okay, you know, they just put out Tokimeki Memorial Girlside, where you can, you know, date the boys.
I want to have GTA chick version, where you can go pick up the mansluts off the street and...
Some man-whores?
female crusade you know beating wife beaters and everything and setting houses on fire
and like watching oprah you can like have the militant female mission and everything
oh i'm hungry oh here's some bonbons on the ground yum yum yum oh shit i gotta get the
car over to mervens they're having a sale open open open open no no no no no not like
that just kidding cause you know if i were really a militant female you know yeah i know
I know you would have had your foot in my ass a long time ago.
You wouldn't be eating nuts, but it wouldn't be the ones I bought at the store.
It'd be after I kicked him into your mouth.
Alright, I think we're going to take a really quick break.
Yeah, Rob doesn't want his nuts kicked.
Yeah, I don't want Jamie to kick my nuts right now.
We're going to take a quick break, we'll be back, and now is the time in the show when you're going to send us your FUs of the week.
We're going to get some private messages in the chat room to Skye, that's me, and they'll have your FUs of the week, so send those now, and we'll read those on the air when we come back.
Let us know what has you really hacked off.
Or, if you're too lazy, you don't want to join our chat room, you want a little bit of anonymity, that's fine, you can send us an email, orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
That's fine.
You can send us an email, orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com, and if you say, don't say my name on the air,
we won't.
So you can do your anonymous FUs.
Fair enough.
You can be a wimp.
Jamie, would you like to dedicate this first song during the break?
I dedicate this song to me because I love it.
Alright, here we go.
I'm lost inside of me, trapped in a notion Where am I going to?
I need to leave, I need to let go
Of all the friends I've lost inside my life
I'm not a change of mind
How could I find my way to you?
I've been reaching for my love
Forever seeking the secrets of my heart
Reaching for the secrets of my love
Like a child
How can I find my way to you?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to, and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me, and you just might realize the
the best things in life are for you.
Hey, it's our buddy Mel B. there, saying hello to all of us and all of you listening to Orange
Lounge Radio.
We've got to have him back on the show sometime.
He can pull off that tone very well.
Yes, he's very smooth.
Yeah, he's very smooth.
Yes.
Okay, so as promised, it's time to talk about the FUs of the Week.
We can be pissy.
Jamie, why don't you tell us, give us a little background on the FUs of the Week.
This is 22 weeks running now.
No longer than that.
About 24 weeks running now.
It started with our very first show.
Yes.
Because I was feeling particularly angsty one day and wanted to just vent, vent, vent,
vent.
Well, guess what?
You all get to hear it.
Well, anyway, the whole thing with having the FUs of the Week is basically, it is our
time to vent.
These are the things that aggravate us.
We're people.
We're human.
We need to get this out of our system or we'll go crazy and we'll take you with us.
Anyway.
Um, so that's what the F.U.'s the week are for, and eventually the chatroom got as angsty as we did, so we let them in on the fun, too.
And you still can, uh, sit in on the fun. If you want to send a share of F.U.'s of the week, you just send those over private message and we'll take care of it.
See, even the stupid ferret has an F.U. of the week.
See?
Are you ready to begin with your F.U. of the week, Jamie?
Please do.
Let's kick it off!
Cause this is fucked up.
Alright.
My, uh, few of the week. I have a few, as usual.
Um, you know, the last few weeks I've been a little bit happier, haven't had too much to bitch about.
Why would I say fuck you to Ragnarok Online?
This is why, okay?
I've been sitting there for three months waiting for the server to come back up
so that I could get my character back in my lovely little goggles and be happy
and they're making us pay for it.
Well, that in and of itself is fine. You know, ten dollars for ten bucks.
That's not that bad, except the thing is that they have their money in the server.
Well, thank God I didn't pay, because I don't want them to have my credit card number.
So, fuck them, I'll play the Japanese one, which is OPM's winner.
And... my next fucking movie goes for, um...
Damn it, I'm gonna put that on the list.
Well, you know, it goes for the fact that I don't have anyone to play Fantasy Star Online with.
I'm trying. I'll be there soon.
We need people, if anybody has Fantasy Star Online and managed to get their hands on a Gamecube broadband adapter, play with me, please!
I don't want to play PSO by myself.
Come play with me!
Would you like to play a game?
Um, other trucks used to be.
Go toward my really awesome band.
Might want to put fire on them.
They're tearing up already and I've had the shoes barely too much.
I love those shoes.
those shoes
does stupid people have to drive to work with
oh my god
of the most
stupid
fucking people in the world because they can't drive
i even take the city streets
because i don't have to take 50 where even more idiots are
and you know what?
they're still idiots
And they don't know how to drive. So, I don't like them.
They can't have any of my nuts.
SoCalKicks would like to share that he asked for Phantasy Star Online for his birthday.
So, you never know.
Good luck getting the broadband adapter.
Okay, get this. Nintendo puts out the broadband adapter for the game too.
F-Nintendo.
And then recalls the thing.
Well, not necessarily. I don't know if it was called or just if they stopped, you know, making them.
But why put out a big multiplayer game, and then stop making the adapter? That's retarded.
Well, anyway, I've got mine, because, you know, my fiance being a manager of Gamestop, you can pull those little strings and take stuff from me.
But, um, in the meantime, you know, I'm gaming about myself.
And also, if I get Animal Crossing, do I really want to start playing Kingdom Hearts again?
Never tell if, like, Kingdom Hearts is that way for just therapy, honestly.
You want to check on your village You want to check on your village
You want to go find some looking way You still have 300,000 bells to pay off on
your own Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
Alright, let's hear from Loki, your nephews of the week
First up, he has to go to eBay. For a few reasons, actually. One is knowing new ad campaigns
they have going where it's like Broadway singers singing stupid crap about eBay. I really don't
want to hear about eBay. eBay is stupid with all these people that bid last minute on stuff.
I was winning the two bids on my, you know, pair of pair of crap in my place of the two, if I kept 21.
And, yeah, like, one second left, you know, people bid up, you know, on it, going over the price of it.
However, I got one of the fucking bastards back, because he bid up on, uh, what was it, my place of the two?
So I bid up another $30 on it, just to piss him off.
Heh heh. That was cool.
Amen.
And so he ended up paying, like, a good $40 over of what they were both worth.
Okay, so that's that. And, uh, yeah, I don't know, I just hate eBay because it sucks.
They don't have anything good on there.
And, you know, I found, you know, a computer machine.
And it was, uh, really cool if I had a little bit of footage, but it's funny right now.
And, uh, oh.
I'll tell you what, my plan is to have an outside chair on the computer machine.
If you want a machine to try out your little project on, I will volunteer on it.
Woohoo! Okay. But yeah, I won't be long.
Other things, I have to definitely go with the stupid drivers.
But the stupid people are in general, you know, everywhere, so I hate that.
I also, I really, really, really hate the holidays.
And it's not because, you know, I'm like a Scrooge or, you know, I hate that kind of thing.
I just hate, you know, I hate the whole, like, constantly playing Christmas music.
I mean, they have, like, four songs that they play over and over. It's really annoying.
I hate, you know, these stupid Christmas tales, and people dressed up like, you know, when they're cold or something.
I'm just... I hate this shit. It's annoying. People are so stupid around the holidays, and... they all suck.
And Christmas lights. What the hell is with that? Seriously.
When did they... everyone is like, well, I have to put some lights in my house for Christmas.
I don't understand the point of that. I mean, what, you're trying to, like, flag down spaceships in the land of your fucking house?
You know, we're talking about holidays with, like, you know...
I mean, I'm sure, back in tradition, they handled stuff on their Christmas tree.
But I don't think you ever wanted to progress to the point where,
I have a giant plastic snowman in my front lawn! Yay!
There's the houses that are tastefully done, with, you know, few white lights are in there,
but then there's the houses that Christmas throws up on.
Yeah, but not when you live in Ghettoville. Ghettoville doesn't have those easily done houses.
Yeah, oh look, there's a giant merkin fly going across the whole court. Whew, fun!
And then we're just gonna randomly throw up lights on our house. Yeah, I don't know, I hate that part of Christmas.
And holidays. I hate the commercialization of holidays. It sucks.
I don't really have anything this week. I've been kind of...hired, so...
I would like to explain on this little holiday discussion.
Go for it.
Okay, everybody knows that I am very tolerant toward other religions and people's beliefs, but I really hate being preached to at Christmas time, okay?
I hate when people come to me, you're gonna go to hell if you don't believe this. It's Christmas.
in their Kwanzaa.
Okay.
I'm going to make-
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Celebrate what you want.
All these Christmas pageants and everything, and they have it snowing and crap.
First of all, if you want to go historically, the time that they would have, you know, and
this is coming from knowing lots of theologians and everything, if you want to go historically,
when Jesus was born, okay, they were doing a census.
Since this would have been done coming up into the spring season, so therefore they
first of all got season wrong. The reason why Christmas is in the wintertime is because
of the pagan holiday! Hello, you all! You know? Okay then. Give me the whole Christmas
tree! It's pagan! Jesus, did I have a Christmas tree at his manger? Okay. How do you know?
you there did you see it okay douglas furs did not grow in arabia oh yeah sure not under
the mystical like you know birthing happening here though they just couldn't magically make
a douglas fir appear out of nowhere sure and like you know bushes catch on fire every day
okay what about santa claus
damn it hey you little santa people i just sit here i did have to say santa claus saved
day in my movie, Feeders 2, he kicked the ass against those aliens, you know, and Santa
Claus is really, you know, awesome when he has a ray gun.
Remember in Nightmare Before Christmas, Sandy Claus?
Well, how can I follow up these? I don't know. I need to start doing my FUs first, because
I'm just not as angsty as I am. Quite frankly, I've had a pretty good week, you know, I have
a lot of that's just to get here that you have to take you to love you thank
you that you have
i slept a lot thank you did
james about their fabulous they're going to go mike cuba working but they're
beautiful he's you know i thought that once he's been up all you it's so true i
like the one that says i'd
go to fight on ours who can go down
and then he met of course anyway oh yes may have easily
uh... my perception of the week would be the christmas carol's well i was in
Taco Bell the other night listening to Christmas Carols.
Oh my god, I'm going to be so nauseatingly sick of Deck the Fucking Halls by the time
25th world's around.
Just you wait.
Just you wait.
I hate Christmas carols.
Um, my second FU of the week, um, would be to work, because I don't want to go back.
I've enjoyed this little vacation too much.
I don't want to go either.
And uh, my third FU of the week goes to Olivia at Animal Crossing, because she's five-four.
I need to kill Olivia back in my village.
I think we're up for taking Olivia away from me.
you to people who thinks he sucks just because i can't beat max extreme
on the e x level yet
well there's many more reasons you sucked when that's not just the only one
skittles let's play it
uh...
all right yes i think there's an f you going out to you i care of the guy's
name
i don't remember it was a pretty big remix of let them move
cuz he has a sim file, and it reminded me of one of Twin's things. Actually, he said, and I quote,
this one's actually worse than the ones I did, so that gives you an idea of how bad this thing is.
Alright, back to Twin's FUs.
FU to half the chat rooms for not ever taking a joke.
Okay, whatever.
That was funny, haha.
Take your happy FUs and cram them.
He's at Pensacola. I live from like, near them.
Really? Alright on.
His girlfriend's from Pensacola. That's like an hour from where I used to live, would be awesome.
Oh, and he's gonna miss Orange Lounge to go spend time with a woman.
Hey, hey, if you get a benefit from missing the show, you need to spend that time.
If you're going to miss this show for some pussy, then I suppose, you know, we can forgive you.
Alright, let's see, moving right along.
You are a horror gauntlet.
You are a horror gauntlet.
That's a showgirl's moment, brought to you by horror gauntlet.
Stresa says, um, F you to...
The three days that he's played DDR, he's not that bad at all,
uh, dear lord, there's a lot, okay, um, F you to people who attended Comdex in Vegas,
you whores made traffic a nightmare, and F you to all the exhibitors especially because
it went for the free stuff, and he left disappointed, Comdex sucks, F you to whoever thought of
Thanksgiving, now I got a fridge full of leftovers and I'm already sick of turkey, it's all about
the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving because pizza is still good the next day, amen. Uh, time
For the plug, since everybody else got a plug, mostly websites, but while in Vegas, be sure
to visit MidPower's restaurant, Cheerful Chinese Cuisine, in sunny Las Vegas.
Opened six days a week, Tuesday through Sunday, at 1223 East Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada.
Call for take-out.
Uh, oh, shit.
Wait, we don't want the address broadcast.
And I just read it.
My bad.
Not bad.
You need to say it first, then I won't say it.
I'm just reading order.
I read from top to bottom, top to bottom.
I think I'm done with his FUs now.
Let's go to next FUs.
The next set of FUs comes from 23rd Magus.
I have a big FU to Chatroom Drama because it's there.
A medium-sized F.U. to Matsuri, Japan, Maniac throwing off my grooves, and a bike-sized F.U.
I like that, a bike-sized F.U.
To battle.net for screwing up every time he connects, and also a fuck me to any available ladies.
Whoa, hello.
Whoa!
Whoa, this isn't hot or not.
Whoa!
Go sell your meat somewhere else.
That's right, no selling meat here on Orange Lounge.
Oh, one last F.U. to the school system. I need no explanation. I want all their balls to die.
I think we need shirts. I think we need shirts that say that.
I want all your balls to die.
Should we ask the person who made that shockwave thing?
Is there a shockwave? I didn't realize there was a shockwave. Oh, my bad.
It's a really bad version of the Romeo and Juliet.
But there's an even better one, though, that was Harry Potter.
With the Draco dance.
Anyway, Vidpower says,
FU of the week goes to germs once again because my voice is all harsh and scraggly
and whenever I cough my body feels like crap.
And FU to stupid mean bowling attendants.
Agreed.
Brack2000 says
FU to nori nori nori and that one's for 23 minutes.
He's doing an FU on behalf of somebody else.
D.R. Angel says F you to stomp to my beat because it hates Stresa and I and it won't let us pass it.
good luck.
DDR-holic says, it isn't so much an FU, but just a question. Where have you guys been
on Wednesdays? Do you guys go to RV jail on another day or have you just been busy? Oh,
but she does want to second Loki's FU to the commercialism of the holidays, especially
the competition. Who freaking cares who has the most expensive decorations? Amen, system.
Just for a second there, guys. We keep reading your name. I'm sorry, I'm saying DDR-holic.
That's a different person.
Coholic.
Like an alcoholic.
Like an alcoholic.
Okay. My bad.
This is why I'm not in real radio.
DDR Coholic.
DDR Coholic. Coholic.
I love the song Holic so much I just want to say that.
Holic holic holic.
So we got it.
Orange Lounge is a international program so we don't like to dwell on the local stuff too much, but
Yes, we've been flacking on Wednesdays lately. That's mostly my bad because I do other things on Wednesday nights now.
But Jamie and I have made a commitment to go to Golf Land once a week starting this week.
And probably on Thursday, actually, not Wednesday. So we'll see.
It's a little bit easier to get there on Thursday.
A little bit easier for us to get there on Thursday.
Sometimes it may transfer the time to Scandia because we love Scandia so much more.
But you know what? DDRcoholicDear, send me an email. Send the show an email.
Oh well, who cares. Neither is cowgirl, but hey.
I'd say fuck you to second-hand smoke, because I really, really, really hate cigarette smoke.
It's like one of my most hated smells in the entire world.
And especially bad because in one of the local arcade, R2-GL,
guitar freaks and drumming is kind of close to the front door,
So often I smell the smoke from the parents who I've spoken to a few times.
Packed with tin.
Chilled my lungs for a while.
And also put me to the cigarette smoke that's close to my heart.
Some mysterious location.
I don't hear any air ducts or from the cracks in the windows or something.
There's some noise and a lot of it.
And this week, my feud of myself for being a saltless bastard is never calling my parents.
And they are my relatives for Thanksgiving.
Ah, that's right. Thanksgiving is a commercial holiday. It's a butterballing event, and don't worry about it.
It's around the other side of the country.
Of course, they haven't heard from me in a while, so I have to think about it.
My back's in serious trouble.
I'm glad to talk to them.
All right.
Sorry, I have to talk to you, but I'm coming over. Save me a room.
I did that to my head.
He says, my fuck yous would be the damn expansion pack enemies in Diablo II and dumb weathermen
for getting me all excited about a snowstorm that turned into nothing.
Fuck those weathermen.
You know, I actually was going to be a weatherman.
I think that's where it came from, I don't know.
Anyway, and then we have some FUs from Martin, who's the guy that sent us the email earlier
in the show.
He's got a lot too.
He says, fuck Christmas shopping for all the crazy people.
to crazy people to shop during the Christmas shopping season. Fuck my manager for making
me work the day after Thanksgiving and not giving me hazard pay. Fuck the blue whale
for not living on land. Fuck my teacher for saying the word land in a question that could
have given my class a pizza party. I don't know what that means. Just not saying the
word land. I don't know. Fuck the African elephant for being so big. Yes! Fuck the African
elephant you you too big too big fuck the arcade for banning me for a week for
matrix walking shame shame you shouldn't be kicking machine this is this banning
is a little harsh if they if they didn't tell you not to do it then they should
at least have a courtesy warning but if they warned you and said don't do it if
you did it again and have much sympathy for you you got to respect their case
rules but if they just kicked out with no warning that's not that's not cool so
Fuck his computer for not being compatible with a 3D Excelic Creator card.
Do you have a Mac?
He must be on the back.
Got a Mac.
That's it, that's the FUs of the week.
And they were special.
All of them wrapped into one big little...
Uh oh, we have another.
Oh! Oh, I got a response from ddrcoholic says,
I can say holic if I want because it can be my nickname for her.
So I get to call her ddrholic if I want.
And one quick F.U. because of the little image that flashes upon your screen while you're closing down Yahoo.
F.U. to that stupid movie Extreme Ops because that's the pissed pile of shit I've ever seen.
Look at that! Oh, we're gonna add extreme people in a spy situation.
Wait, that's never been done before. Oh, wait, yeah it was.
So, yeah, F.U. for these stupid extreme spy movies. No one wants us to get it, no one cares.
Fuck bad movies.
But the right here knows actually know when the bad movies are like really really really bad like they know they're bad
There's nothing bad that those are awesome. Those are cool, but like bad movies like
Stray so wants to add the very last if you fuck lawyers fuck I'm
Yeah
Okay, we're gonna take a quick break
We're going to come back, and we're going to actually talk about some Bimani-related things.
Believe it or not, we have a few topics we wanted to talk about before the night was over.
And also, when we come back, we will have the cage match.
This week's Orange Launch cage match will take place.
And I think that's about it on the platter for now.
All sorts of fun, Bimani music and then some.
We're going to start this music break off with a little song from 2DX6 style.
It's a very popular one. You may have heard it a couple times.
It's going to be in DDR Extreme as well.
Enjoy, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Oh
Hi, we're back. We're going to do a quick mic check here. No, see, we're not coming
through if I don't turn that booster on. There, now you can hear us, see? We're trying to
fix our audio problems right now here in house. Let me see if we can turn down the volume
a little bit. Can you still hear us just fine? Hello, hello. Can you hear me now? Can you
hear me now? Can you hear me now? Whee! Where I still hear it a little bit, though, it's
We'll be right back.
I see you in a suit, whichever you want I'm with you, oh, you're with me
You, keep me strong, I'll cover you
You're the one I need tonight
Find a way from the start
It's time to pull me out
Let's face it enough
You're the one I need tonight
From heaven so you'll find
Can you hear me, baby?
Can you hear me, baby?
Can you hear me, baby?
Can you see all the world we live in?
All the time
We can be born again
Dream on my little boy, dream on my little boy, dream on my little boy, go out and have
some joy.
Little boy, dream on my little boy, dream on my little boy, Go out and have some joy!
Doo doo dee da da da da doo da da dee da da da
Doo doo dee da da da da da doo da da dee da da da
Dream on, dream on, make my day You will find a better way
Dream on and you'll realize, that one day you'll pay the price
Keep on going till tomorrow, you will find there is no sorrow
Keep on dreaming of this toy you can use my little boy
Little boy, dream on my little boy, dream on my little boy, go on and have some joy
My little boy came home, my little boy came home, my little boy go home and have some fun
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-doo-ee-dee-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-oo
Da-da-da-dee-dah-dah-dah
Ooh-ooh-ooh-doo-ee-dah-dah-dah-dah-oo
Da-da-dee-dah-dah-dah
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-doo-ee-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-oo
Da-da-dee-dah-dah-dah
Ooh-ooh-ooh-doo-ee-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-oo
La da dee da da
From the 23rd Megas, our source for useless Bahmani stuff, comes our Bahmani science lesson
From the 23rd Megas, our source for useless Bahmani stuff, comes our Bahmani science lesson
of the day.
Not even the Orange Lounge is immune to the effects of gravity.
Hooray, a fan-made promo we got.
And it has TAC, so it already gets Jamie's seal of approval.
We like that.
Thank you, 23 Megas, for sending us that promo, although it is a little quiet.
You do want to double check and make sure that it's always nice and loud, that your
levels are somewhere in the yellow.
Not in the red, but just in the tip of the yellow.
Just a little recording advice tip from me, but otherwise, fantastic, we love it.
Let's see, let's talk about some actual Bamani news this week, shall we?
No.
news, but just kind of some interesting little things.
Does it say money old?
Yeah, it's money old.
There was an interesting thread that came up on one of the big message boards
this week that talks about a solo machine that was upgraded to a MAX2.
What?
Somebody had took a solo machine and upgraded it to a MAX2.
What is the freaking point?
Because if you recall, MAX2 has no six panel mode in it.
So you've pretty much just taken two of your arrows and completely wasted them.
I'm bringing a picture here in the room so that
Jamie can take a look for herself, see what this machine's all about.
What do you think it's...
Loki, I gotta get your opinion on this, being the Tecmasa.
Wait, it curves the bar forward.
Well that's a typical solo bar. A solo bar looks like that.
That means it's actually a Japanese machine, by the way.
You can rate the bar in a whole new way.
That means that that's a Japanese machine.
They just put us DDR Max Upgrading a solo machine. What more do you need to know?
That's all they did. There's no modifications to it at all. There's just no way they're going to play doubles.
And it's actually kind of retarded because people like doubles are fucked.
Yeah, I'm looking at this. I'm looking at the solo score ranking here. It's always going to be empty forever.
You're fucked if you pick doubles. It's retarded unless it's your own home thing and that's all you've got.
It's a solo machine, but it's really stupid. Go to 4th plus or even that unofficial 5th mix.
I mean, just don't stick with it.
You can always get best hits, ooh.
Here's the cream of the crop. As it says in the post, I believe it says in the post somewhere, it says later.
Oh yeah, and then there's a regular Max 2 machine, just 2 machines over from this.
That's so stupid.
That's retarded.
Don't!
That gets the Special Olympic Ward stamp of the day.
Go figure, this guy's in Canada.
Just kidding, just kidding.
I just want to say controversial things on this program, what can I say?
Let's see...
That goes with my hatred of the Greek.
Or wait, it was Greek?
Yeah, but you have a good reason to hate them, because they banned games.
Because they're stupid.
I watched my big fat Greek wedding.
Did you?
That totally sounds like a movie you would not like.
Yeah, it was alright.
Loki, it sounds like a movie.
Oh, Brad, what do you think of this? It's a Max 2 solo machine.
I'm gonna go play Amakasa.
Good answer, good answer.
That wins my special enough at the Olympic stamp award of the day.
They get to ride the short bus.
With their own Max solo machine, ooh.
The only thing that could be possibly worse than a Max 2 solo machine is a Max 1 solo machine or a solo bass.
No, I think a solo bass is slightly better. At least it has my baby mama.
I wouldn't exactly say upgrading. Downgrading a Max 2 full machine to a solo bass.
That's retarded right there.
The only thing worse than a Max 2 solo machine is somebody playing Burning Heat on that Max 2 solo machine.
No, I'm kidding.
God. Okay.
Oh, yes, yes.
I know this is a few episodes back, but the only thing worse than a Max 2 solo machine is upskirt Beatmania 5-key.
No, the cam.
Anyway.
Let's talk about another topic, shall we?
Next, please.
Moving right along.
Oh, yes, we were talking about another interesting thread that I saw was about this kind of...
Since the Christmas season is here, there's this sudden push, and DDR is getting bigger
and bigger, and more and more well-known, and bigger and bitter, and we're all getting
bitter, as the jaded old-schoolers we are.
We see that there's these new children's dance pats games coming out, including a Barney
game, a Barbie dance game that you plug directly into your TV.
It's been out for a while, but of course it's Christmas time, so a lot of the stores are
pushing these again.
You know, here's a Christmas toy that won't make your kid fat.
That's basically how they're marketing these.
This just gives them all the vibrating Nimbus 2000s.
This is very old.
The Jungle Book Dancing Game.
Now for those who don't know out there, this was out before Max USA even was.
I remember going to your old apartment.
I had the Jungle Book Dance Game.
Giving you third kicks and playing on that tiny ass little pad.
The Jungle Book Dance Pad was my very first dance pad.
I actually have the Jungle Book game, too, but I don't have the pad.
And Jamie brought over third mix one night, and we played all night long.
It was so much fun.
Here, let me liberate your mind.
It was beautiful.
Before that, all I'd ever seen was USA and first mix.
And all of a sudden, you put in third mix.
I'm like, oh my god.
There's modes.
Holiday, erotic, I'm in love.
And it was karaoke mode, too.
Yes, and karaoke mode.
Wish there was nothing in another mix.
Now, uh, what do you guys think of all these little kid games?
You think it's good for Bimani because it trains them at a young age?
I want the Hello Kitty DDR just for five-year-olds.
It's actually a DDR.
Where's the Oha Kids arcade games?
Don't they have one in Vegas?
Did you say at that one arcade you went to they had a DDR for kids?
No.
I'm just on crack, I'm sorry.
They had Radiant Silver Gun.
Oh.
Who had the DDR for kids?
I could have sworn somebody told me somebody in Vegas had them.
Very interesting.
I would call some people in the chat room are talking about Disney's rave being a kid
game or I'm sorry Disney Mix in the U.S. I don't know.
You think Disney's Mix is for kids?
I think Dance Magic makes Disney Mix though.
these raves for people who are like, I would like Para Para, but I want to get into DDR.
Boom, there you go. That's what it is. It's just all, it's DDR Para Para mix.
Vidpower, who's from Vegas, by the way, is confirming they do have a DDR Kids machine
there. I don't know if that means it's OHA. Is it OHA songs? Vidpower, what are the songs
in DDR Kids? Is it OHA stuff, or what is it? I'm just kind of asking questions to our chat
waiting for a reply.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
Yeah.
Oh, what are you guys talking about over there?
Share with us.
We're talking about Game Land in Las Vegas.
OK, talk about Game Land.
Oh, Game Land has DDR Kids.
No.
It's being confirmed by VidPower.
VidPower's from Vegas.
And they must have gotten it after I played there,
because I was there for the DDRP moderator trip.
Possible.
And what they had, I went in there, and this is actually,
When everybody was quoting each other, what we sent for the moderator trip, this is what I was quoted as going,
Eeee, radiant silver gun!
Oh, it's not OHA songs, I'm being corrected.
It's just different songs.
That's all I can get.
Special.
Different places!
Hey, get us a song list.
Yeah, get us a song list.
We want to talk about it.
We want to come play.
We're going to go to Vegas.
We're planning an Orange Lounge Vegas trip at some point.
Yeah, and someone can pay for it.
Oh, VidPower does confirm they got it after you were there.
Okay.
on the radio already. That's the Black Mage. Yeah, it says Bolt 2 motherfucker.
Other big things in the news. This is big news. It has really nothing to do with Bimani,
but it's big news in the gaming world. As most Bimani people are a bunch of big gaming
addicts, we thought we'd mention it. Square and Enix. Enix bought Square. Did this little
merger type thing. I thought that it was a merger of equals because of their name. It's
a merger of equals. No, but once I looked at the stuff I'm going to have to go check
the business sites to confirm it, but I think that Enix holds a 70-80% share, so it's not
a pure merger of equals.
If it was a merger of equals, the ratio would be no more than 10% different.
Any thoughts on what's going to happen because of this?
We're going to be getting Final Quest Fantasy X with all of the art done by Toriyama.
Urgits!
Urgits!
I want more urgits!
Really the fighting game, right?
We're going to get air guys with the Dragon Quest characters.
Well, you know, didn't Aenix, weren't they responsible for Busta Group?
Busta Move.
Yes, Aenix and Metro were responsible for Busta Move and Busta Move 2.
They're also, you know, I still haven't gotten to play Busta Move 2001 or whatever the hell it was.
DDR Busta Move 2003 with Cloud and Yuffie, oh my god.
But it's also just Star Ocean.
I honestly don't think they're going to be lame and start crossing all their story lines.
I don't think a damn thing's going to change.
Even better than all those, though, is Actraiser Soulblazer.
Actraiser. Actraiser was the best game ever.
So moist.
Since What's-His-Name Uematsu is not going to do Final Fantasy music anymore, they're phasing him out,
they need to get that guy who did Actraiser's music.
They need to get him.
That's going to be the best thing about this.
Actually, come to think of it, the pre-show disc, I actually have an Overclocked remix of the Filmore theme.
I love the... oh yeah, Act eraser.
Anyway, you know, Dan and I had a discussion about this.
And for anybody who has ever heard me, who knows me and Dan, or has heard me talk about him or us talk,
we're both really major gamers. We own like 42 million game systems.
No.
Anyway, we were having this discussion and we decided that it might be a good thing because
I want to catch Aynix up to the modern day and teach Square how to be old school again.
This is happening for a couple reasons.
A, Final Fantasy XI fucking tanked in Japan because they fucked it up.
They completely fucked up that hard drive thing in the online...
Like the movie? Bad idea.
Final Fantasy Online was a bad idea. Square Japan had nothing to do with the movie, and the movie was actually good and it just shouldn't have been called Final Fantasy.
The movie fucked it up for Square. Honestly,
the movie was decent, but it wasn't... I think Pixar's interested in it now. It was not Final Fantasy.
They should not have been called Final Fantasy. Did not deserve the Final Fantasy name. As a movie, the movie was good.
The movie was excellent.
But it wasn't Final Fantasy.
Right.
It wasn't Final Fantasy.
Thank you.
That's all I have to say on that.
But, and this is what I always said with a friend of mine who always talked about this
too, we should, because the movie was really being designed about the time the eight was
made.
Honestly, the movie should have been a game and eight should have been the movie.
Eight would have been an excellent movie and it made a horrible game.
Or ten as the movie.
But ten, see ten, the thing with Final Fantasy, I can't believe we're talking about Final
The thing with Final Fantasy X is that the way it's designed is that next generation of movie slash game. You don't see it as a movie.
It's a cinematic RPG.
I would have liked if they created a movie that's kind of a cross between VII and X.
7 and 10. Because 7 had really cool futuristic worlds and all the machines and stuff. And
then 10 had that really kick-ass stuff in it too. Which I love. I love that one song,
Otherworld, that's in the very beginning. That's the heavy metal music that's in it.
It's fucking awesome. I love that song.
Well, you know, one thing. I was reading an interview with Yoshitaka Amano, who was like
the best artist in the world, who did all of the original character designs for the
first Final Fantasy games, one through six.
He didn't do any of the character designs for seven or eight, he did them for nine,
but he was very discouraged by the direction that the Final Fantasy series was going in,
that it was leaving the fantasy behind, and so that was always why I agreed that the earlier
games were the best.
My favorite Final Fantasy game is 5, followed by 3, but I've got to play a 3.
4 was okay, 6 was really excellent, but I liked the whole job class thing in 5.
Everybody our age that played video games will always remember the Final Fantasy 6 opera.
No, it's always for me, them in the magitech armor walking across the ice plane.
That too, yeah, that too.
Just, oh, it's so nostalgic, what can you say?
I have a special message for Gumby?
You!
That's all.
What was that?
He's teasing me because my voice is cracking.
Oh my god.
Can we just call you Ron Weasley now?
Shut up!
Shut up!
No, he doesn't have the red hat.
Shut up.
Alright.
We'll just put you in a Ford and have you drive him around.
Speaking of Final Fantasy, why don't we get to this week's cage match, shall we?
Unless anything else...
Cage match!
Does anybody else have something to say about Square Enix merging?
Does anyone really give a shit?
I don't give a shit, personally.
A couple of comics ago, you said something about it, you can't believe we're talking
about Final Fantasy.
I can make a, what is it, a Kevin Bacon thing, six degrees or whatever.
Probably excuse me, my Squaresoft.
Squaresoft made a game called Brave Fencer Musashi.
At the end of Brave Fencer Musashi, there's a music dance game that's pretty much like DDR.
But it's, yeah, actually it's like Simon Says.
Really?
There you go, yep.
Damn, I gotta play that game now.
There's a DDR mode in SNK versus Capcom for the Neo Geo Pocket Color.
That's not Squaresoft.
But there's DDR.
On a total different tangent here, the chat room is now trying to put us all with Harry
Potter characters.
Jamie, you're now Aromone.
I would not be Hermione, hello?
Okay, because first of all, with every damn sorting test I've ever taken, I always come
up Slytherin.
She's Draco because she's evil.
And I guess that leaves Loki to be Harry Potter.
Get the glasses!
I have glasses and I don't look like Harry Potter.
We can draw like a little lightning scar on his head.
I'm not going to be pansy, hello.
Alright.
Oh yes, another excellent, on the Square Enix merger, they're saying that April 1st is when
this is supposed to happen so it causes a lot of skepticism, however, if I'm not mistaking
this news that's coming out of Japan, April 1st doesn't mean shit in Japan.
There's no April 1st.
So it doesn't matter, but I don't know, who knows?
Don't put Americans in their April Foothills.
We could all get...
We could all be having the wool pulled over our eyes on this.
Like I said, I don't think it's really going to matter anyway.
So what? They merge. Big fucking deal.
I don't care.
Next.
Next.
I'm going to turn on the app here because I need some in-studio sound to deal with this...
We apologize for the humming again. We don't know what's causing it.
We're going to take a hammer to the computer after the show and figure out what's going
on.
So, we apologize.
It's something to do with the mics.
Maybe our mics are just cheap.
I don't know.
Let's go get some new ones.
Anyway, let's talk about the cage match.
Would you like to explain the rules for the cage match?
The lovely Miss Dark Sakura.
We're going to play some songs, and you tell us if it sucks or not.
Basically, okay, for anybody who watches TV, which I don't, but I've seen American Idol,
We're going to place a couple songs all the way through, and then we're going to review
them.
Ashley, we're just going to play a clip of last...
You can vote for last week's winner, but we're only going to play a small clip of it.
We're going to play a clip of last week's winner.
Because you all have been listening to our Bomani Music Amore program, airing 24 hours
a day, 7 days a week on the station when we're not on, and you've heard it already, right?
Yes?
Yes.
You don't need to play it all again.
So we're going to give our opinions on the songs again.
Of course, the new one's going to be played all the way through.
You as the chat room get to decide which one of these is going to be our next big thing.
So the winner of the cage match will be put into rotation on the normal Bimani Musica
Morpher M this week.
So you're going to vote for a winner.
Now you can vote for last week's victor, but once last week's winner wins what?
Once the song wins what?
Three, four weeks, we retire it and it can't win anymore.
What do we think?
Four weeks?
Three?
Give it a month.
We give it a month.
Okay, so four weeks.
for four weeks, it gets retired. Yeah, then it goes in permanently. So, this is our winner
from last week, was the Final Fantasy Music DJ. This was an overclocked remix of... I'm
sorry, yes, Loki, would you like to explain last week's victor?
It was a remix from Final Fantasy VII. It's the, uh, quick, very squishy, uh, 4L prison
Alright, that was last week's victor, the Corelle Prison remix theme, overclocked remix
by FFMusicDJ.
So you can vote for that, or you can vote for something new!
new and in the mix this week we have this is something for the pre-show but
it's so fucking cool we're putting it in the cage match Jamie please tell us I
was looking for happy hardcore remakes last night and I found the Knight Rider
theme if who remembers watching David Hasselhoff with his hair and the car I
was in third grade David Hasselhoff was just like in the 80s he was cool and
David Hasselhoff, he's so dreamy.
And then there was Baywatch, and he's loved in Germany.
I think we should just play the song.
Alright, so the first song, and remember you cannot vote until the second song is finished playing.
So we're going to play the first song for you in today's cage match.
This is the Knight Rider theme from Happy Hardcore. Enjoy.
My bad, it's not from Happy 2D Hardcore, it's just a random mix.
here it is
Oh
Alright, the cage match is in effect here on Orange Lounge Radio.
That was the Knight Rider theme.
What did you guys think of that here in the room?
Jamie?
God damn, that was cool.
Alright.
Dave, what did you think of the Knight Rider theme?
It was pretty cool.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
Alright.
Loki?
I liked it.
I liked the original theme.
I liked it. I liked the original theme. It kind of lost a little bit of it in the middle there. I liked the pointy part of it.
Bradley, your thoughts on the Knight Rider mix?
It's pretty good.
Pretty good. I'd have to say it's cool for about the first minute when that nostalgia kicks in, but three minutes of it is a little bit much. I don't know.
Alright, rate it on a scale of one to ten. Jamie, on a scale of one to ten?
Nine.
Nine. Dave?
Eight.
Eight. Logie?
8.
Bradley?
7.
7. And I'll give it, I'll give it a 7.5.
Alright.
So, I'm a harsh judge, what can I say.
Alright, that was the Knight Rider theme.
So, we got one more song here for the CAGED match,
and I'm gonna play that for you right now.
It's coming off a CD, so I don't know how this is gonna work.
Might be a little weird, but,
This is a remix done by Hybrid of the Crystal Method, the name of the game.
It's Hybrid's L.A. Blackout remix.
Alright, this is the second one in the Orange Launch Radio Cage match.
the crystal method with the name of the game.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Oh
Callin' y'all freaks now Callin' y'all freaks now
All in all freaks now
Got the pain, hold it
All in all freaks
All in all freaks now
All right, that was Crystal Method with the name of the game.
Jamie, your thoughts on that?
oh you're yawning over there
boring you okay i think
your thoughts
well if you have the right idea cut it down
yes
rats in the room what do you think about eating to come in the last one what do you think of this one
well the original song has always been my favorite song ever
haha what do you think of it
i like the song
Obviously, yes, it was too long. The original one is also my favorite Chris Benson song ever.
I do have to add, though, that this is my turn. It's a terrific pre-entry, except I haven't touched it down in two and a half minutes.
No longer is it two and a half minutes, but yeah, I like it.
Bradley, your thoughts?
It's been really good.
It's been really good.
My thoughts, it's a cool song for a minute and a half.
Same thing, same thing as the last song. Little long, little long for me, but I bet it's gonna kick a lot of ass in DDR, uh, in DDR, shouldn't it?
Let's break it down, scale of one to ten, Jamie.
They have lots of parts that I like, and they have parts that I'm looking forward to.
I'd give it a six and a half.
Six and a half from Jamie. Dave.
Yeah, I mean, whenever it switched to a new part, then it was cool, but then it kept going on that part for like a minute and a half each.
So, um, I'll be generous, I'll give it a seven.
Seven. Brad.
Since I didn't hear their whole song, I have to be fair.
I guess I can't give it a ten or anything.
But I mean, it sounded good when I heard it, so I guess I'll give it a seven.
Seven.
Logie, I can be biased because it's my song, so I'm giving it a ten.
Alright, ten. Bradley.
I'll give it a six.
You give it a six. I give it a six and a half as well.
Alright, there's your votes.
So, now it's time for the important people to vote.
That's you in the chatroom. Send me your votes.
our votes over private message. Send your votes over private message to Sky in the chat
room right now and we will reveal the votes. These, once again, are your choices. You can
vote for last week's winner, the Final Fantasy music DJ with a remix of Coral Prison. You
You can vote for a happy hardcore Knight Rider theme.
Or you can vote for the Crystal Method, the name of the game.
Those are your choices.
Send your votes in right now and don't send them over to DCC Chat, I can't accept those
during the show.
over normal private message. Yes, yes, Gumby. Gumby, you should know better. God. Gee, someone
who has his own little team should know. I'm just fucking with him. I'm giving him a hard
time because I can't. He likes, Gumby likes it when I give him a hard time. You know,
wink wink, nudge nudge. Say no more. Alright, we'll be revealing those votes in a little
bit. Moving right along though, we're going to talk about, oh our new web forums! Everybody
else has new sites and forums, why can't we? We've got new forums, so visit our website
at orangelounge.skie.cx and click on forums! And we've got some brand new forums that you
can peruse. Now I have to state though they're very temporary and they're not the best forums
because they're free. They're not easyboard because I fucking hate easyboard and I wouldn't
use them so I use somebody else excellent service my icon board you know
for somebody just trying to get started with a message board it's great if it's
going to be temporary though until I've got some extra money and can buy another
host or somebody is very gracious and donate some space where we can put you
know a PHP VV or something so
don't also visit that web board oh yes please mention live journal community
If you go to livejournal.com slash users slash orange lounge, all one word, that is where our live journal community is and go check it out. It's very orange.
Yes, it's very orange. It's a very pretty design though. I must...
Think, think. I'm on board for that. Not I can board for it.
Live journal.
Live journal for that. I just picked a default. It was orange.
You just picked a default, Steve.
And then, let's see, what else can we talk about?
I wanted to talk about this really fast, if I can get this to bring up.
What's being released, I believe this week, is a Good Cool compilation.
Someone can get that for me for Christmas.
I believe it's Good Cool Songs, and what they did, something about, Santa's redone all the
songs in English.
I don't know, at least the preview songs on the website, Santa's singing them and they're
in English.
But, we're going to get a quick clip of one of those songs for you right here.
Let me see if I can get you one of these.
Okay, we're going to hear a quick clip of one of these songs right here.
I apologize if we do a dropout real fast, but I want to be able to play this clip for you guys, so here we go.
I'm going to turn on the speaker so you guys in house can hear it.
Let's see if it comes up. It's loading right now.
I'm trying to get a clip of 19 November for the Good Cool album, which comes out on December 4th, so it comes out this week.
comes out this week. Okay, here we go. Connecting, la la la la la. Let's try to connect to the
Here it goes. Here's a small clip of what this will sound like.
I know you know everything but you know
Come back, Brad. We love you.
But we still hate Polteri.
Why? Why Polteri? Why?
Because Santa should not be singing in English.
Hell, Santa should not be singing.
She sings because she did a really nice song on the shining Polaris.
Shining Polaris was good.
Yeah. That's because LED kicks ass.
They should fork out the money and get Utada Hikaru.
Or Ayumi.
Just fork out the money.
What's awesome is, I don't know if anybody's played the Game Boy BeatMania games, I know that's pretty ghetto, but they've got some pretty cool licensed tracks on there. They do have a Youtuber song on there.
I played the one on Wonderswan that has the digitized music. I played the BeatMania that was on Wonderswan. It was all digitized.
Yeah, I have a Wonderswan color and the little turntable wouldn't fit on my thing very well.
Well, Guitar Freaks has Depend On You.
Depend On You, that's Ayumi Hamasaki, isn't it?
It's not her singing.
It's Ayumi, but it's not her singing.
It's her song, but her singing.
Just like, you know, Another World.
It's not GAC'd!
I can't believe it's not GAC'd.
I can believe it's not GAC'd. It sounds like shit.
Uh, so the Good Cool CD comes out December 4th.
And somebody's required to give me that for Christmas.
it'll be wonderful and if we can get if we can you know get our copy shipped
over to Orange Lounge you know wink wink nudge nudge somebody can get us a copy
no the album needs to send me that CD for Christmas if somebody can get if
before Christmas as soon as it's out you know you want to send us over a copy of
the album we'll we'll get some songs in rotation on the normal yes if you can
get us a picture we'll get some tracks on Orange Lounge in regular rotation the
good ones. So we'll see. Okay, we're going to take a real quick break. We'll be back
and we're going to talk about this week's list list. We're going to do a list list tonight
and we'll do that and then we're going to reveal the vote winner, getter, top getter,
vote getter. We're going to hear the winner of the Orange Lounge Cage Match. You can still
send in your votes.
And when the winner wins, they win.
Winter wins, they win.
Hooray.
So in the meantime, let's play the real version of 19 November, shall we?
Yes, please.
Because otherwise I'm going to have a cry.
It is what it is.
The only time is now.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Our condolences.
Whoa, hello, it's not playing.
Let's see what's going on here.
Just a quick problem.
got a quick issue. We apologize for the inconvenience. We have some issues, and we think the issues
are fixed now so here we go
Mm-hmm
Gah-deh-roh-dah-noh
Shoo-moo-gee-mee-roh-yo-pah-nay-mee
Tuh-la-dee-kah-noh-wah-ee-tuh-noh
Nee-mee-hoo-sah-ee-ah-gee-koo-doh, yeah
Tuh-la-dah-nah-mah-noh-mah-nah-fah-shree
Ah-zuh-dah-meh-seh-mee-tah-yeh
Sendin' my love to you
Every night, I hear your voice Baby, every day, and every night
Show me like a star in the hour
Leave me by your brilliant light
Shine, shine
I know I'm not ready to die
I know I'm not ready to die
I got the beat and I rock the party, rock the party, rock the party
Higher and higher I'm burning like a fire
Higher and higher I'll make you higher
Stop screaming and try to look hard I get my body up, you did that booty jog
I'm a veteran now, which means that I've been In the game, dream old, since the day of X-Men
Way back when, I've been putting it down Ask how homie who's the baddest, but yo, who's got time?
I float like a butterfly, sing like a meme
Sectacular orbit in my city, that old promotion, never giving it less than the best
Rock the ears in the game, that's your request
You like the rhymes, right, can't you dare?
I kiss the vector so I don't care
Why, that's me, seen the victim in me
What a real in-scene is supposed to be
Fucking you up, every time that I drop the fucking ruler, baby, I done took the spot
I got the beat and the rock, rock the party, rock the party, rock the party
Higher than higher
I'm gonna light the fire
Higher than higher
I'm gonna make you higher
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio
Big ass bongo demands it!
With over half the votes, out of three choices, over half the votes, the winner was...
...Rider team, let's jump.
David Hasselhoff is cool.
David Hasselhoff was cool.
Big difference, alright.
Was cool.
Actually, that's borderline cool.
It was great in South Park.
Thank you to everyone who voted, we appreciate it.
Of course.
Oh, I'm being given a link to the DDR Kids machine. Let's have a look-see-loo at this.
A look-see-loo! Oh, my voice got a vote for the cage-backed winner.
Thank you, Gumby.
Actually, I think it was Twen that voted for that, but hey.
Oh, there's a picture of the Dance of the Revolution Kids machine.
I've seen them before.
That's so cheesy!
They were selling one on eBay.
That's so cheesy.
Remember? They were selling one on eBay.
That's right, they were selling one. That's probably how the place got it.
It looks like a what, Dave?
A freaky sewing machine, kind of like Mickey Mouse.
I thought you said a sewing machine.
That's what I thought you said, Jeff. It looks like one of those picture maker things.
Oh, very cute.
Is there any other pictures? No, it just shows all the different kinds of DDR.
All right. Well, whatever. Cool.
Let's see. Oh, a deer.
Top hits don't count. Top hits his ass.
Okay. I'm afraid to look at this.
Oh, that's cute. That's very cute.
An Orange Lounge boy-on-boy mix. Signature. Beautiful.
action beautiful ah you gotta love the intelligence of our listers house twin
of course who's who sends all the shocking weird shit just like who sends
the funny good shocking weird shit that was that was like what pyro man and the
OSB beats ended that stuff who sends this the shocking weird shit that really
he is shocking and weird. That's twin.
Yeah.
Alright.
So I think that we should move right along to our next game show.
I think we should move right into our next game show.
But we're going to first back this up with a story.
I wanted to talk about this a little bit because it's the holidays.
A story.
A story.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
I gotta find this story.
And I'm logged into the wrong account right now.
I'm not gonna be able to pull up the story. Hold on.
Jamie, tell a story about your day or something.
I need time to fill here.
laundry today, Rob. I washed my pants. A clean DDR is a fun DDR, and a happy DDR. Yeah.
I played Kingdom Hearts, and then I played Max USA, and I don't know, it's so stupid
how you have to play all these songs, because I've already done everything there is to do
And I've got nothing left to do except try to unlock songs.
And then, days lead over.
Because they ended with getting hit in the head with a weasel.
Well, no, he lit the menorah out too, right?
I do that when I get back.
Oh, you do that when you get back.
Orange Lounge comes first.
Orange Lounge always comes.
Orange Lounge is above all holy holidays.
You've seen Rob Schneider as a gigolo.
You've seen Rob Schneider as a woman.
Now, see Rob Schneider as a stapler!
Oh, crap.
I've been given some interesting stuff, and this is coming from Gumby, so you know this is going to be weird. Let's see.
Gumby is sending me an article on...
Good scene!
It says it got size in the title, which sounds like, I don't know, it's not loading.
Gumbi, thy link is broken, you suck, you lose.
Maybe it's just because we're trying to broadcast a show and we can't see it right now.
Let's see.
I'm just following random links that the chat room is sending me.
This is scary.
Oh, that's cute.
That's very cute.
Can you send me a picture of Counter-Strike where somebody's got little red octane dance
pads there and they give 100 health apparently, or they take 100 health more likely.
They also take a hundred intelligence!
Ah, kill me.
Alright, let's see, I need to find this news article I was looking for, my bad.
Brad, tell us about your day.
I was over, you know, I was over here at 4 AM playing...
Pretend you don't know and tell me again!
Fuck you.
Okay, I was over here at 4 AM playing your Animal Crossing.
We left, we went to bed, we woke up at 1pm, yes we have lives, and we came over here and
played more.
Rob, how was your day?
My day was fabulous, thank you for asking.
Okay, I got the link up that I wanted, thank you.
Oh yes, we're going to talk about, because the day-
Rob got it up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
And I'm the show too!
You woman!
Anyway.
Uh, yeah, hello.
Go play your Grand Theft Auto woman mix in your Miata and your VW Bug.
Bullshit, I'd have the terrain up.
Anyway, we want to talk about the day after Thanksgiving is commonly known as the oh fuck
stay away from the mall day.
In other words...
Black Friday.
Black Friday, yes.
Black Friday.
The day when you do not want to be caught dead anywhere near a mall because it's that
time of year to go shopping.
I went to the mall.
And of course, every year they release the list of the top holiday toys.
So I thought they've compiled a list, this station WESH, I have no idea where they're
located.
Sounds almost like...
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter where they're located.
They're W, so they're east coast.
They're somewhere east coast.
They're stating it's a great time to start your Christmas shopping, you can beat the
rush and the shelves are stocked, but what's going to be popular this year?
You know how kids are in general, they don't care how much a toy costs or who makes it.
They just want to have fun.
So Yahoo!
site for kids, Yahoo!
Republicans, gave kids a chance to vote for toys on their wish list and these are the
top five toys that kids are looking for for Christmas this year.
The number five, this is amazing to me, the number five toy, Singing Stars Video Karaoke.
It allows kids to become the next superstar.
It's a hundred dollar karaoke machine.
It's like American Idol except that you don't have to get bitched at.
That should be the add-on.
It's like, get the little British guy to bitch at you and yell and tell you that you're no good.
The future generation of single, old people.
Come over to my house, I'll bitch you.
Drunken in a bar singing drunken music from times when they remember they were young.
Yeah.
You're gonna be high on pixie sticks.
I weep for the future.
Moving right along, the number four Christmas toy.
The Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game.
I cry for America.
Okay. The concept of this whole Yu-Gi-Oh thing is just shit.
Let's make a show about a card game.
Card games are cool. People just love watching card games.
They don't like participating in card games.
But watching them are really fun.
Especially when little holographic things happen.
No. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap.
Not to mention this thing came out in 1991.
Crap.
and crap. Alright, so that was the number 4 holiday toy this year. Oh, I'm sorry. Wait,
so, hold on. The Yu-Gi-Oh trading card game, are they talking about like a pack of 9 cards
cost just under $9? That's what the website says. I believe everything I read online,
so let's go to the next one let's go to the next one jamie why don't you tell us
what the number three christmas toy is this year
oh you have a live journal get your kids online and teach them how to type so
they can be good little sex or Terry's when they get older sex or Terry's a
password journal it's not password journal it's password journal 2 is the
number three toy no it's the password journal to not 2d access just the
password journal to the number two Christmas toy this holiday season for
little Bratz is the Bratz funky fashion makeover it's a spin-off of the popular
Bratz dolls and it cost $25 I don't even know what my mom would not let me get
gem dolls because she thought that their heads were too big like crack babies
These make the gem dolls look tame, okay?
However, the boy ones are kind of cool.
Was that like the drag Ken dolls, or what do they call it?
Those gay Ken dolls? Or the drag ones? I don't know.
You know there was actually a gay Ken doll?
Yeah, I know.
That totally sounds like something they'd sell in the Castro.
He wore a ring, it was supposed to be like a medallion, a ring around his neck, on a
chain.
Ring around the cocky.
And it was, and it was a cock ring.
No.
No, was it like magnum size, or?
No, I didn't have one.
Magnum size.
Next!
The number one toy this holiday season, Jamie, what is it?
A Game Boy Advance.
Yes, that's right.
If you have to ask what a Game Boy Advance is, then go back and bury your head back in
the hole.
Now, obviously, we here in the room disagree with this list completely, so we are going
to give you, during this next List List segment, our top three video game related things we
want for Christmas, or we think somebody should have for Christmas.
So it's our top three video game, video gamer's Christmas list.
And we're going to do that.
quick break so we can prepare our list and then we'll be right back. So listen to some
music real fast. We're going to keep this really brief because we want to get this done
before the show's over. So why don't you listen to something from 2DX8 style. How about our
favorite band? Why? Because we took their name. Orange Lounge from 2DX8 style here on
art Tonsins radio.
So
Do
So
Do
So
Do
Do
Oh
All right, we are back.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio and now we're going to start a little thing we
We call Listless here, and I'm trying to find our Listless music, although I don't know
if I have it cued up.
I might have to substitute a different game show theme because I can't find it.
I'll find it.
Do you remember where I put it?
It's one of the old pre-show things.
I have the pressure luck theme.
Play that.
Alright, we're going to play the pressure luck theme.
Okay.
Alright.
Listless here, it's the top holiday toys that we want and you should want for Christmas.
This is the way it works for those of you that haven't sat in on a list list segment before, because we have some new listeners tonight.
We're going to give Olive Hour in the room our top three items, and then we're going to go around the room and take...
Each of us will take one item off of the list. That's going to be hard, because we're going to be crushing someone's Christmas dream right there.
It's going to be very difficult tonight, very painful.
Yeah, we'll just eliminate all low-keys like we do every week.
and then once that's done you guys will vote on the final list you'll take your
vote and you'll vote on what from that list is your most desired holiday toy
video game related it doesn't have to be new no just what you want this holiday
season all right just what you want this holiday season and the thing that
everybody should want this holiday season because you said so and you're gone okay
got it
all right and then uh... the chat room votes on the top three
let's start
number three
I don't know why, I can't say this since I don't have a system anymore and I don't know why.
I love the power glove. I'm so happy.
Loki says everybody. Boys and girls everywhere need the Power Glove.
Alright, let's move on. Brad, your number three choice.
My number three choice is the PS1 with the combination with the LCD screen.
I want this, I don't have one yet, but I think I want everybody else to get one.
So I can mod it for you, for a very special price of course.
Alright, a PS1 and LCD screen. Very good choice. Dave.
Oh, um, an ignition pad, because it's the only actual pad that you can play DVR on. Unless you've got like some crazy mod thing on it.
Alright, an ignition pad says Dave. I'll go ahead and get my number three pick. My number three pick this holiday season will let Rob once. I want The Sims Online.
Because if you think Animal Crossing is bad, just fucking wait until Sims Online. That's all I have to say.
Jamie, your number three pick.
I want a PC Engine Duo RX. I have to explain this.
Why?
I already own a TurboGrafx Duo. The PC Engine was what TurboGrafx was in Japan.
The advantage of having a duorax that has an arcade card built inside.
I can actually play my copy of Strider, and, um, Art of...
Not Art of Fighting 2, it's, uh, I think Real Boutville 3.
That's fuckin' hardcore.
No, it's Art of Fighting 2. It's Art of Fighting 2.
Jamie, you're so hardcore.
I can't help that one.
And the other thing, I can play Sapphire.
Sapphire is such a fabulous game because it's one of the first 16-bit games that had real polygons in it.
The chat room is suggesting, by the way, things such as a mail-order bride should be on the list.
You guys have to remember, we're talking video game-related things.
Video game? Do you think a mail-order bride? Yeah, I guess if you play video games, that's the only way you're ever going to get married, is by ordering one.
No, they can sit there and watch me play video games.
Exceptions to every rule. Exceptions to every rule.
I tease, I tease. Alright, moving on. Number two choice.
My number two choice, I was going to go with now the uh,
I had some of the hidden cameras in the center square there, but
I decided no, probably shouldn't do that because I'd have no use for them.
I decided to go with the um, the official Konami
Metal Stages, two of them.
Every boy and girl wants a Konami Metal Stage, moving right along
Brad, go to your chips.
A GameCube with Animal Crossing in it.
If you need a reason that GameCube already has the Animal Crossing CD, you win.
So he wants a GameCube with Animal Crossing in it.
Alright.
Okay.
Fair enough.
It didn't happen to me with a GameCube with an Animal Crossing in it.
It happened with me with a Sega CDD and a Turtle Chain EX.
Hardcore.
I mean, you bought it that way.
Alright Dave, your number two choice.
Um, my number two choice is a DD-REX machine.
I'm sorry, a DD-REX machine?
Yes.
What is that?
uh...
stream all my back
well i don't know the legal yet upset i'm not down with it
that i'm not doing that with the legal my bad
you're right
all right uh...
by uh... never to pick
for must-have this holiday season
it's star on that
and have to have the body
as a gift
jimmy your number to pick
It was almost my number one pick, but I had to think of my priorities.
I want a BeatMania 2D X Arcade style controller.
I had my chance to get one, I had the thing ordered, we had everything together.
Your credit card's not the right kind, you can't accept it, so we're canceling your order.
So it still has to do with it being a Japanese card, it has to have some type of association or something, so mine didn't have it.
have it
alright coming on down to the number one it's local your number one must have
gift this holiday season
boy you will have had to have been extra good this year for santa to bring you
one of those
or hanukkah harry
stole my number one that big
your number one must have this holiday
i'm looking right at you and i called you take it to make a better door than
you do with him
mind you know this little a lot of american
lot of american
what
it's a good fact that are fine
you want to take it
If you say the 2DX machine, we're all set.
Wait, actually, Loki said 2DX.
Okay, you say 2DX, I say a JPS2 with 2DX in the controller.
There we go.
Good lord, all right, fine.
Throw in a memory card. Fair enough.
I think we have it all worked out now, geez.
All right, my number one pick.
Yes, I'm trendy, so what, fuck you.
My number one pick, Yes I'm Trendy, Fuck You, Metroid Prime!
I hate first person shooters and this game is fabulous.
I love Respecial Cheers since I was five years old.
CD screen, Ignition Pad, The Sims Online, a PC Engine Duo RX, Konami Metal Stages, a
GameCube and Animal Crossing, DDR EX, Phantasy Star Online, a 2DX arcade controller, Japanese
PS2, American PS2, a 2DX machine, Metroid Prime, and a drum mania controller and drum
mania.
Wow.
I don't know how we're going to possibly do the elimination round, but, oh well, Christmases
are about to be ruined here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't know how people are expecting to pay for all this shit.
Everything that I picked is in excess of $200.
So I don't know, I guess you're going to vote for the thing you least would want to see
under your tree.
I have no idea how you're going to make a selection here, but just fucking do it.
Or your menorah, as the case may be.
Okay, in the back in the peanut gallery, Neil's asking...
You get eight days of presents, so you get your 2DX machine in pieces.
Here's the monitor! Here's the key!
Actually, I got fucking jibbed this Hanukkah. All I got was a DVR max.
But, hopefully, because my birthday comes a day after Christmas, so normally they make up for it with the better shit on my birthday.
Yeah, you got your priorities in order, you know.
Good little Jewish boy.
What the hell are you talking about?
Christmas and Hanukkah are all about presents.
Yeah, they're about presents.
They're about Jesus, or not.
Anyway.
Can we finish? Can we finish? Can we finish?
Here we go. Loki, ruin someone's Christmas right now.
What don't you want for Christmas?
Well, since I don't play it at all.
A 2DX machine.
2DX machine going straight for the gut
He's just gonna play when it's candy whenever it arrives all right Brad
It's time for you to ruin Christmas and Hanukkah for somebody's for that man power gloves say goodbye
Oh, oh, no you didn't know you did not take on the power glove and it sucks
Okay, the chat room
The chat room will have your head for that Brad okay my turn Dave's turn metal stages metal stages
Fuck you, Loki
Where the hell was that oh, yes the Konami metal stages there it is
All right, I would purposely go out of stages come on
Take off the jps2, but that was my number two choice if you I thought that oh never mind
That was going to be one of my choices.
My number one to come off the list, um...
Oh God, um...
I'm gonna take off the PS1 LCD screen.
Because...
I'm taking that off because the PS1 is so last year.
You know what? I'm looking at this list, and I own probably most of the stuff that's on it already.
Um, so...
You don't own an EX machine.
I said most of this stuff, not all of it.
Alright, alright.
Because I have a JPS2, an American PS2, a Metroid Prime, and a GameCube and Animal Crossing.
And...
Toot the little horn.
I have... and I actually have a beta of Sims Online.
So...
Let's take off...
No worries.
Sorry Rob, we'll take off Sims Online.
Oh, you suck.
I hate you.
Alright, I forgive you.
Alright.
I prefer not to be lagged.
Thank you.
Sims Online is off the list.
So, the final list that now our chat room is going to vote for their number one.
You only vote for one of these.
Jamie, why don't you read off the final list here.
Oh wait, I've got to make sure this copied right and not some porn site or something
is going to post all over the chat room.
I've got to make sure, you know, I can't pay for that to happen.
Can't tag porn.
Alright, why don't you read off this list, Jamie, and they can vote for it right now
in the chat room.
No, but pimp tricks are for hoes.
We have an ignition pad, a PC Engine Duo RX.
How did that stay?
Because it's the coolest video game system ever.
You can play Dracula X on it, okay?
GameCube with Animal Crossing, DDR Extreme, Phantasy Star Online, and of course you have
to have the adapter with it, 2DX arcade style controller, it would help find connections.
Sorry.
Japanese PS2, American PS2, Metroid Prime, and Germania controller with Germania, because
they came...
What?
Fabulous. So, a quick, quick music break while you guys send in your votes.
You're only gonna have, like, two minutes to send me your votes.
So do it now. Now, now, now!
You can send them in over email as well, but hurry up and do it now.
Vote for your favorite, and we will be right back.
We're gonna play something from Guitar Freaks and DrumMania. What?
The bump? I don't know if I have the bump cued up. I'm sorry.
How about something from Guitar Freaks and DrumMania?
Something there? Catch your eye?
Monkey Magic.
Monkey Magic.
And then we'll hear Kijaka.
And then we'll come right back. So that gives you two minutes to vote here on Orange Line Radio.
He knew every magic trick under the sun
He'd forgotten everybody and had some fun
Monkey magic, monkey magic
Monkey magic, monkey magic
Have a little bit of monkey magic
Kiss you by your western eye
There's a little little monkey in the sky, in the sky, in the sky, in the sky
One sunny day on the mountain top
The monkey is the monkey that ever stopped
He knew every last thing under the sun
The Jesus gods and everyone had some fun
Monkey Magic
The real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
You are listening to Orange Launch Radio. We're right in the middle of listless
the topic tonight, the top thing we want most for Christmas
or Hanukkah, whatever you happen to celebrate. And if you were a little kid
being sampled by the Hooligans website, the number one pick for them was a Game Boy Advance,
which didn't even make our list.
You know it's not going to be there.
It means we probably already have one.
Well, once again, these were the final choices.
An ignition pad, a PC Engine Duo RX, a GameCube and Animal
Crossing, a DDR Extreme machine, which is a miracle,
because it's not even out till next year.
But I'm just going to assume you're talking about a beta.
Phantasy Star Online, a 2DX controller arcade style,
Japanese PS2 and American PS2, Metroid Prime,
and a drum mania controller and drum mania.
I just want to say it's the holidays.
Miracles happen this time around, you know?
Miracles do happen.
Thank you.
Thank you, Preachy Dave.
We appreciate that.
OK.
Let's read the top ones.
I was trying to find a sound effect file,
but I don't have one, so let's do this one.
Okay, the winners are...
Boy Ren, if you think you're happy now, wait till you hear this!
It's a record of my favorite song!
Yes, you get the Happy Happy Joy Joy song.
Happy Happy Joy Joy!
Hello, boys and girls.
This is your old pal, Stinky Whizzledee.
The number three winner, Happy Happy Joy Joy,
This is a GameCube and Animal Crossing!
Yay! GameCube and Animal Crossing win.
Third place, second place winner is
a Judy X arcade style controller.
Why wouldn't he just want the rather
if Loki hadn't put it off.
Hey, that's the way it works.
And the winner of Buy a Landslide might I add, I don't know why, because it ain't even out yet, but hey, nobody gave the chat room points for being smurt.
Just kidding. We love our chatters, and they did pick a DDR Extreme machine as the number one must-have holiday present thing.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy!
If we knew it, the granddaddy of all luck
the game did not garner enough... It doesn't count because it wasn't on our list. Sheesh.
Yeah. Deal with it. We'll do another list list for my voice later. Every day is a game
with Rob. Oh, they're saying that Sky's voice the game would be like Parappa the game. Kick
punch, it's all in the mind. Or something, like my... In the rain or in the snow, I got
the funky flow. That means he has to pee. He got the funky flow from eating too much
beans. Oh, dear good lord. Alright, it's about time to end the show. Believe it or not, we've
made it for three hours. Oh, shit, we gotta do Loki's sim update. My bad. My bad. Way
to go there, Rob. Ah, shit, I thought we could get through one show without it. No, I'm kidding,
I'm kidding. Yes, give us your sim update, Loki. Make it quick. Alright. Not too much
going on. We've got DWI, new version now, I believe they're up at the like 3-2 or something.
Oh, who cares, it doesn't really matter. The whole point is that they have...
Karaoke now is the lyrics from 3rd Mix you were talking about earlier. That is now featured
in DWI. Oh shit. And so people are actually, you know, making lyrics for songs and that
wonderful stuff. And also they have the addition for special characters, you know, like the
hearts and Japanese characters and stuff. They have that available now free. So go check
Also, for all you Bimani Ruler DWI fans out there, on DDR Mania X, you'll probably see a post in the user-submitted files saying something about a share DWI.
Well, guess what? That's not share, that is the return, the last final Bimani Ruler unreleased track that you need to go download, because it's supposed to be good, but I tried it and it's just four-key beatmania.
But anyways, have fun with that.
So yeah, also, Turning Mix 3 is going to be, you know, enter that if you haven't yet.
And it'll be fun.
They should be posting up files probably at the end of December.
How about Make Edit, Get Porn? Give us an update on Make Edit, Get Porn.
Well, I haven't really kind of come up with a date yet.
I'm wondering more stuff to go in the boxes.
So yeah, that's pretty much all that's going on there.
So I'll announce a date when we do have one.
Aside from that, really not too much going on. Just check out DDRUK. Do donate the money because they're kind of short on money.
But they do have the Dancing Stage, Party Edition files up, and also pretty much almost everything else official-wise.
So go check it out. They have sync sets for you to download.
So, yeah. That's it.
Oh! Oh! Oh! And one more thing.
Now, it's my understanding, and I'm not really sure about the Naoki Journal because I can't read Japanese, but I believe that this is the last one.
well I cry yeah next
that Jamie oh yeah I guess it's time that time to give our final thoughts
tonight Jamie
and just one little thing I got BMX triple x for free
and it sucks but you can pick up the whole integrity or pimp
but that's all and for that it's worth buying
no you're getting it for free low key your final thought please
If you get sci-fi, tomorrow night at 9 p.m. is the first of ten two-hour-long mini-movies of Taken.
It's one of the most awesome series. It's produced by C.N. Spielberg, directed by ten different people. It's going to be really awesome. Definitely check it out.
Alright, we'll duel just for you, Loki.
Okay, um, I just found my Koosh thing.
Dave, yes, you're fine alone.
Yeah, I've had it, like, I brought it over here, I think, two months ago, and left it here, and I was wondering where it was, and then, hey, that guy, I figured his name was playing with it.
No, that guy.
That guy Brad?
No.
That guy Brad, or that guy, uh, Neil?
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, him.
Yeah, all right.
People in my house that don't participate in Orange Lounge because they don't get the DDR thing.
yeah okay oh i got 97.5 on nearly 130 yay for me i still haven't beat me yet what's you what are
you at like 98 something i don't know what i don't know on the rvgl machine no not on the rvgl
machine second place check the scary one check the skinny one oh i'll beat it i know but the
second player side works anyway who cares about the stomping game penis penis penis all right
Bradley, your final thought, please.
That thing is a copy of an Aerobee that I used to have on those things.
An Aerobee.
It's like harder than that.
Especially the thing that you throw the farthest.
Yeah, because now toys are supposed to be non-lethal.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, now that the show is over, the streets are now, once again, safe for Balani.
Hooray.
Whoa, to the Republic.
My final thought is that my voice is not high and funny, it is deep and sexy.
It's high in fiber.
And I need to get...
Rob's voice is high in fiber and fortified with vitamins.
And I need to get laid.
And that's it.
Whale!
Wasn't that special?
I really, really, really need to get laid.
That's it.
Good night.
See you next week.
Remember, we're pre-taped next week.
If you missed the message earlier in the show, we'll be doing it live on Saturday, but for
For those who can't join us Saturday, we'll be rebroadcasting at the normal time on Sunday,
and also a complete marathon of the first season of Orange Lounge Radio will be taking
place, so all your old episodes, you can catch up on them next weekend.
Enjoy!
Talk to you later.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
This is the triforce of wisdom, Link.
It's evil wizard Ganon has the triforce of power.
Who ever gets both triforces will lose his last effort, so you must help me, Link!
Hey, for you, Zelda, for anything!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
