it's a video tape put it in put it in
you're tuned in to orange lounge radio our live talk program begins now boring
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain nudity, Orange Lounge may
contain many four-letter words. Hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Ms. Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
One, one, he's good.
That's not that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy, cat.
Thirty-seven, my girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks.
In a row?
Yeah, and monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest thing to bite.
So you get nothing, you lose, good day sir.
Dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a strange journey.
Dark Sakura
I hate nature!
I just wish the world would explode and then I could take over hell.
Sky
Do I look like the weather girl?
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live and this is episode number 18 for November the 3rd of 2002
That's funny during the intro in here if you sit in the studio and it when it comes to that part
Where goes your my girlfriend's are three seven six everybody in the room all at once goes
Try not to suck any dick on the way to the parking lot anyway
You're tuned into the Balani scenes most wonderful radio station of all things Balani
My name is Rob Roberts for you might know me as sky
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers
you know her better Stark Sakura say hello as well to our newest co-host well
not really cuz he's been here since the beginning it's our sim god Loki hello
everybody and with us tonight in studio it's always our most special guests in
the world say hello to Dave Dave bodice our bodice brought us brownies tonight
yep people are buying us crap tonight it's great we're getting pizza from
Loki we got spongy brownies from Dave this life get any better than this
Hey, I have Propella. Life is good.
Except that stupid fly needs to get the hell out of here.
I know, and don't lady just swallow the fly.
I don't know why she swallowed the fly.
Look, he's doing this whole karate kid thing here, trying to catch the fly.
For our listeners, a fly has made it into the studio, and it's going to die sometime during the duration of the show.
Alright, we'll be talking to everybody more a little bit later.
First we're going to take an opening break, and we're going to play a bunch of stuff from Max USA.
Why, why, why, why, why, why?
Why, leave me alone, don't tell me why
There is no need to carry on
Leave me alone if I'm not right
And why, leave me alone so many days
Just thinking I've been so many nights
Leave me alone and don't know why
Tell me why
Now tell me why
Why, why, why, why, why, why, why?
And blow me wide
It's a long way to go, honey I know, but I'm a Hawaii, where are we going?
To the dark black forest
We interrupt this music for a special announcement.
Loki has killed the fly.
What we gotta do is build momentum
If you need the right tools and best
Ride the wave, start counting the rhythm of the march
Cause we got new whips and the main engine
Then I know I'll bite
I'll either do it now or you'll have to bang those flowers
Yes, I reckon it's their fault
If you need the right tools, drop your balls
Yeah, yeah, drop your balls
Drop your balls
Let's just keep that ball
Yeah, we got this, build momentum
If you need the right tools and methods to ride the waves and come down to the rivers
Don't rush, just insist we don't get with it
Pain is scary, almighty, what are we even doing now?
You must have been going slower
You had no race to take that for
And it's up to you to hit that call
You dropped the ball
You dropped the ball
You dropped the ball
He dropped that bomb!
Hey, you dropped that ball!
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, tune in to hear live train wreck radio.
Watch all your favorite monster hosts, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki engage in the Bahmani
Battle Royale.
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday at 7 p.m. Pacific time, heads will roll and arrows will scroll.
And be suitable for children under 6, pregnant women, retards, and residents of Baltimore.
Are you ready? Ready for the race? Are you ready?
You're already listening to Orange Lounge Live Radio, but I hadn't played that promo yet during the live show, so I thought I would.
What do six-year-olds and retards have to do with it?
I just decided I'd be random. And if you listen very carefully, it also says residents of Baltimore.
Baltimore.
And we're picking on Baltimore because when I pulled up the stats for what cities listen
to us the most, Baltimore was in last place.
So we're picking on them, which is a bummer because Baltimore is where all the John Waters
films are set.
And if you know me, I love John Waters, so sorry.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the Max USA crap that we just played for you.
It wasn't crap, it was more like diarrhea.
Max USA just came out this week and we're all happy happy.
It was really special.
I notice we have a lot of new people listening tonight, so I thought I'd point out some things
for you.
If you want to join our chat room, just go to any Othercide IRC server.
You're going to just put in your server as IRC.eggheads.org, or you're going to put in
karma.othercideirc.net, either one of those.
That's where all the big Mamani chat rooms are, and you're just going to join Channel
Pound, Orange Lounge.
That's where the cool kids hang out.
That's right.
If you're too lazy to get on IRC, that's cool, we're making an effort to keep our Yahoo box
online while we're doing the show, so you can just shoot us an email, it's orangeloungeradio,
that's all one word, orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com, and we'll check that box throughout
the show.
That's for all the cool kids in the email!
Thank you!
You want to be a cool kid, don't you?
While we're talking about, you know, station news and events, as you noticed in the beginning
of the show, we have decided to make Loki an official co-host now!
May as well, he's here all the time.
You know, this guy just shows up.
He sits over here. He gives commentary. We give him a segment.
We don't even let him sit in a chair.
Um, here, I'll just get over.
God damn it! Just like last week, there's people outside the studio here fucking honking at the neighbors.
We don't care!
Shut up!
Um...
Where's my gun?
Boom!
This is my boomstick!
We realize that your horn works, but we don't need to hear it!
Yes, I'm very happy to be the- Oh, yeah, speech, speech, speech, speech!
Yes.
Thank you for all the little people, all the little people that supported me.
Is it just me, or did the horn get, like, quieter, like it died?
I put the fear of DS into them. Where's my bat? Okay!
No, no, no, I have neighbors, Jamie, I have neighbors.
That horn gets a fuck you.
We'll do the fuck yous of the week with it later.
No, it stopped. It stopped. There you go, everything's fine now. Uh oh, uh oh.
Thank you!
There we go. See, Jamie can be polite, too.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, did you have anything else to say?
I could have said, thank you bitches. Okay, fuck them.
He started up again.
I wish we had a microphone outside, but we don't.
So the whole listening public out there is going,
what the hell are they talking about?
Live on the horn, Mike.
Jamie finally shut the window.
Yes, right now I'm having Dave play my DDR Max save game so he can beat my Oni's for me.
suck at the Oni. I suck, I hate Onis, okay? I incredibly hate Onis, and when I found out
that you have to play the Oni courses to unlock songs, that really pissed me off. Well, you
don't have to, but if you want to get them, like, this month... I unlocked a song by failing
one. Now that's cool, that's something, that was the first thing that made me think, gosh,
this game really is for Americans. That you get unlocks by failing things. It's like,
good effort
just got created cyber today
that song was in economics
i love getting on walks from games i already owned
uh... that's my one bitch about max you at the max us having don't get me wrong
great game
pretty kick-ass
one of the best home releases they've done yet i really haven't decided if i
like that makes more if i like this one more but that is good it's definitely by
far
better than
the either the other two games you've got to tell us that's for sure they've
been called they had a data bank with
saved at that's what makes it stand out
now for me and my
i promise you'd be all
thirty here you say it's going to be
holy pointless because
i mean
you can't wear their kid
uh... pretty good so far
only courses are right
i just don't like them
You just like being able to see them. Like, if I wanted to play Oni, I could.
Yeah, exactly. I want them to be there, maybe have, like, one song unlocked with an Oni, instead of, like, you know, the two last songs.
The songs you want most of all.
Yeah, exactly. I mean, I can't possibly, you know, steal the steps and put them in sim files if, you know, I can't play them. Now can I?
Speaking of which, you want to give a plug for your big contribution to the scene this week?
Yeah, well, I would say I was helping NMR and those people, the crew of people that were supposedly making Max USA sim files,
this crew seemed to have pulled out two files, while myself, in like two days, pulled out eleven files.
Didn't we time you last night? It took you about a half hour to get out, you leave me alone, like all six difficulties, single and double?
single and double?
Yes.
Singles and doubles, it took me 34 minutes.
Nice.
Yeah.
I think I went to bed before you finished, but hey.
Yeah, it was fun.
I also finished last night, you know, the other five.
So everything's up except for Drop the Bomb, System FS, FX Mint, System SF, SF, yes, like
San Francisco.
Yes.
System San Francisco mix, and the Do It Right.
Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
And the Do It Right two-step harmonized mix, or whatever the hell that is, I don't even
know what it's called.
The decent version of Do It Right, basically.
I guess, yeah, whatever.
You like the original?
I like the original.
Why?
I prefer the original.
I like the bass in it better.
I really do.
Alright, fair enough.
I'm entitled to.
You can like whatever you want, Jamie, that's fine.
Except Let Them Move, no one's allowed to like that song except Gwen.
Because I say so.
I'm the chick. Thank you.
Because you're the chick.
Look, the horn drove off.
What are you looking at, Loki?
Loki's...
The fly is still...
Oh, he's looking to see the...
But the fly, by the way,
which we left twitching on the windowsill,
has managed to slide off and is stuck to the edge of it.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
We have...
Now the fly is actually dead.
There was the fly's last moment on this earth.
See you in hell, fly.
The fly is now splattered against a Propel bottle.
Dave's back in the room.
Hi, Dave.
What do you want to say about Max USA, Dave?
That's really good.
Dark Black Forest is really cool.
That's right. That's what I do like about Max USA.
This is what they did right.
They didn't just do it right, they did it fucking better than right.
The licensed USA tracks fucking rule.
Dark Black Forest is one of the best Bamani songs ever.
And I will cut you if you think any different.
He's going to cut you.
And You Leave Me Alone is something...
It sounds like it's right off like a Dance Mania album, but better.
I don't know who thought to license those songs because I certainly never heard them before max USA
I don't know anybody that did know those songs except or Loki you said you thought you'd heard
Dark black forest before or somebody on the show said they heard that before I don't know
I'd never heard it before all right. You know they announced it. It's a very hard song to find
I'm very concerned because the trucker there looks like a guy who walked out with a bag of something and went to the other house
That's probably kale cocaine don't worry about it, okay
But I swear, that's the one thing they did right. Those license tracks rule. I don't know who thought to pick those.
They were cool except for I Like To Move It, which that song sucks! God, I hate that song! I Like To Move It, real to real.
I would like to say that that Move It song, yeah.
No, I just want to say that they could have done better on making the songs harder though,
like Sandstorm, I wanted it to be hard.
It's just like Freezeras, they went overboard on the Freezeras way too much.
Okay, if SCK was here right now, which he's not, so he can't bitch at us whenever we make
fun of Max José, he'd say, that's what edit mode's for.
Yeah, I know, but they went way overboard on the Freezeras.
They're like, hey, we've got a new mode that we can use.
Let me make you steps.
Yeah.
Sandstorm is a cool song, but they made shitty-ass steps for it.
They need to do the doodle doodle doodle doodle doo, but instead they were like, freeze, freeze,
note, note, note, freeze.
Well, the thing I was disappointed in is there's no new Katas.
None at all.
Yeah, that was kind of weird that there's no new Katas, but I guess that's to be gentle
to us stupid Americans.
Oh, and- God damn it.
It's the fucking horn again.
And I beat the adrenaline oni for Lucky.
Pizza.
Maybe it's the pizza guy honking.
I don't know.
Look, he ran to get his pizza.
Then we'll get our pizza and then shoot him.
Get our pizza and throw it.
We'll pull a Braveheart on him.
We'll throw artichoke hearts at the...
I'm going to eat those.
What do you think about getting old DanceMania tracks that were licensed for Japan and getting
some of those on USA?
I must admit, I thought it was fucking cool that Captain Jack was on Max USA.
and it's just like that was the coolest thing ever. Captain Jack.
I was feeling really crappy when I started playing my game, so I only thumb-bumped it
and didn't get very far into it. But, you know, Brilliant to You, Orchestra Group was
on there, so that made me instantly a happy bunny. And me being the only person who likes
Love That Feelin', I was ecstatic to have that song in the game.
What? Uh-oh.
Dave has just unlocked Do It Right, the two-step harmonizer.
How'd he do it?
you beat the adrenaline, Oni. So guess what? You're going to see a sim file for that on
my site tonight. Alright. Cool. You heard it here first, I guess. Happy, happy, joy,
joy. Did you notice the interesting use of some of the recycled videos, like how Love
This Feelin' has the Let's Groove video in it? I didn't. I don't know if you looked into
it that much. I was just happy it was there. Dan was there and I didn't want to torture
was the multi-genre, multi-tempo song, even though I like it.
Twen says he loves Love This Feelin', and he made me play it on Wednesday's little thing,
which is true.
I don't know what to think about that, because he also likes Let Them Move.
No, I actually, you know, you've got good taste, thank you.
If you were missing it, this is one of the reasons why you want to listen to Orange Lounge,
you know, throughout the week as well.
On Wednesday night when we picked up the game, I came in here and had this elaborate set
up in here and unfortunately Jamie was at home playing it herself and Loki wasn't here.
Jamie was at home sick.
Jamie was at home sick and playing it for yourself but I just got on the stream, fired
up the Orange Lounge stream and just started playing it on air and playing all the new
tracks and stuff so if you listen during the week sometimes you get little surprises like
that so you listen to the Orange Lounge all the time.
I would still like to say that I'm still having an open commission I guess for someone to
make me, you know, dynamite r5. Remember that JB made you that one. I mean... In the way
that you imagined it in your head. A professionally styled mixed one. You didn't like JB's version?
It was special. Thank you JB. It was special. Maybe we'll have to play... It's not quite
the way I envisioned it to be. Didn't we actually play that on a show? No. Oh, then maybe we
ought to play that later. I don't know. I don't even know if I still have it. Hopefully
I do. We'll see. You made JB cry. No, I didn't cry. Oh. No, look. It was good, but it's not
how I envisioned it. I guess you'd have to sort of read my mind. Okay. New one. Okay.
Okay, a new one.
Um, what's a good one that will work?
How about mixing hollick with, um, no, not stoic, mix hollick with, um, um, um, um,
gentle stress.
Hollick doesn't really mix though because it's different measures.
I remember saying on DDR Freak a while back,
Why not just call him Exotic?
And I think somebody ran with that.
I've heard that used again lately, but you know.
It's all good.
I really would want to see something like Kiss Me or Temple of Love and DDR.
It would be rad.
Well, we've already seen those songs in DDR.
A year and a half before I had even heard of DDR, there was a song that my friend sent
me called Don't Talk Dirty, which was the very first erotic song I ever heard.
And I would like that to be in DDR.
That song owns.
I'll play that later.
We have it.
I do have it.
Okay.
That'd make me a happy bunny.
I need to put lollipop in DDR.
What?
Lollipop!
Lollipop!
No, not that.
No, the DJ Alligator Project lollipop.
Suck on my lollipop.
I wanna lick it.
Last week on Orange Lounge and Honors.
Hey, I'll bring that song.
It's awesome.
Black Lab has announced he'd like to see Dr. Dick in DDR.
Help me, Dr. Tick.
Max, don't have sex with your ex?
Hey, they have the 2003 one, or 2002 version of that.
Yeah, on the new Dance Media Red, or not Red, uh, EX.
Dance Media EX one.
Oh, Dance Media Extreme!
Ooh, zing!
I still fear that, you know, I hope what Dan said doesn't come to pass for DDR.
What's that?
So once they release a series of games and then add Extreme to the end of the most recent release, that means the series is about to die.
But if it's coming, it's gotta be the final, right?
Yeah, it'd have to be like, you know, DDR Extreme Super Duper Extreme Fun Dance Party Final Mix 2, or something like that, I don't know.
I think that DDR Happy Crack makes and they have it all happy hardcore.
but we're ending it now.
Well, could that mean that they're going to be starting over with some new kind of
dance game?
Oh my god, it's 8 panel DDR or something?
You know, DDR2DX?
No, then we'd have Technomotion.
Exactly.
Is the pizza here?
Oh no, it wasn't. Oh, that was a false alarm.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Dick with the horn.
That sucks.
He hasn't honked in a while, though.
Yeah, but if he does it next week, I swear I'm going to go over there and cut off his hands.
And then if he uses his head, I'll just cut that off, too. And then we'll make him eat it.
Oh, we hear a yes from the other room.
Oh, I wonder what Dave got. Dave might have unlocked something else. We'll see.
I bet he'd be dead.
Any other thoughts you have on Max Roseanne?
it's pretty and by the way I have to give a big pile you know a big six you
know bar box of kudos to Jason Enos for those funny little yeah oh I completely
forgot about that that is one of the best parts of Max USA is information
mode I laughed my ass off so bad reading some of those I have to I have to see if
I can pull one of them up my friend took a picture one of those so funny those
little information modes that you get whenever what you unlock a new song or
Yeah, whenever you play a song.
Well, some it works with the unlocks, but I think that it's mainly when you actually play the song.
I have to read one of them. It was so hilarious. Let's see if I can find it.
Yes, I do have it, it looks like.
We have one.
Okay, this is for When You Unlock So In Love. It says,
You have unlocked the song So In Love by Caramel S, oozing with stories of love just like melted caramel over a hot flame.
flame this down tempo song has elements of 70s pop smooth jazz and lounge all
rolled into every bite yum that is so cool that was my favorite just that they
have yum that was so cool three little letters add so much they really do is
there another one I have here oh yes this is this is another one that's very
popular I think this is already posted on some message boards but you have
failed game mode for the first time as a result you've unlocked the song
celebrate by JJ company now you can celebrate your first failure in style
but don't give up on your dream to be the ultimate dancer which by the way is
one of the most god-awful songs I've ever heard in DDR oh this is a
information mode when you oh anyway maybe we'll play that later too maybe
I'll play celebrate just to torture everybody no he just beat candy on
on first stage, so I unlocked Candy.
Ah, cool.
Now he's playing home base, the 17 song oni.
Eee!
What do you get when you beat that, though?
Don't you get a...
Let's drop the bomb.
No, you get to drop the bomb with 21.
Oh, that's um...
Is there anything else you haven't unlocked yet?
Spin the disc.
Oh, spin the disc, that's a good one.
Spin the disc, and the last one's drop the bomb.
I hope it's drop the bomb.
You never know.
Drop the bomb is in this one.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's been confirmed online.
You have to beat the 21 song oni to get it.
It's really...
I mean, it starts off with a three footer
And the hardest song in there is going to be Midnight Blaze, Maniac. That's it.
Tal says that failing an Oni gets you gentle stress.
And that's true. There was a really funny information that says Oni Mode can be so stressful, but smooth out with a sensual song.
Yeah, I remember that one because of course I failed my Oni on the first song because I don't like Onis either.
I am not at all unhappy that the Superstar remix is not there.
I know you hate that remix. What's the one, the M2 step from 6 style? There was an M2 step, I believe that was supposed to be in there too. I wonder what happened to those?
Also, I think More Deep was on there too.
Maybe, I don't remember.
Let's see what else was supposed to be on there. I don't know. My guess, if anything, since they probably did have some data for those, Max2, that's all.
I think it'll be interesting, maybe somebody can go into the disc and see if they can find images for an emesis and things like that.
I'm surprised nobody's thought to go in and see if those are in there.
I'm sure people have thought of that.
Actually, they're working on it right now. There's a guy that I talked to on DVR maniacs that was doing like hex editing on there.
He was like a cracker at one time, so he's, you know,
Cracker!
new new new new new new new new new
ninety he's supposed to go in there to rip uh...
high-quality like backgrounds and the videos
now the court they could find us a consistent somebody going to u s a mix
and actually found like a bad girls background with a hand
things like that is also uh...
uh... aid of uh... game shark
with comics uh... they sound uh... notes that were
in the fourth...
Whoa, because they basically ripped a fourth mix, right?
Yeah, but they found all of those...
Challenge mode and things like that.
I was kind of sad that challenge mode didn't make it into Max, but, eh...
Challenge mode was evil.
I guess that's kind of...
Well, that's what they kind of called Oni mode, but, eh, that was always fun.
This is a challenging mode.
I just love the picture of Double-T.
I'm not going to cry about it, but, yeah.
And remember, there's STDs in DDR Max.
Did you notice, though, that when you're actually playing the game, that it still has the little
characters, the Asian ones?
Yeah.
Crazy, huh?
it's like whoops somebody got lazy and also on the high score screens it says
DDR6
yeah but that's kinda it's kinda so subtle because it kinda goes with the
whole little theme
the modernization theme they had going with that but you don't really notice it
yeah it's still cool
don't get us wrong I'm just glad that you know
they would have had to put it on a DVD for as much crap as they put in there
they did it is on DVD I mean crap in a positive sense you know it was nice crap
you know it fertilizes your
The only other thing that also disappointed me about Max USA is that the back of the box
says something like it links up with Konomics for special stuff, and basically what it means
when you read it in the manual, you can load your edits from Konomics.
You know, it's kind of like, that was such a big disappointment.
I don't think it even should have been, I mean, duh.
You can't even, at least I haven't tried it, but I'm almost positive because the fourth
it's not like you could make an edit with free zeroes and put it into economics, so it's not even really 100% true.
You could, but they just wouldn't show up.
The thing I was kind of laughing at the whole time while playing DDR Max was how much they're advertising for economics in the information screen.
It's just like, go buy. Go buy economics. Go buy. Come on. Go. Go.
Well, Konomics is probably down to 1999 by now, right?
I think most of the PS1 games are.
Last check, Konomics was at $29.99 at GameStop.
I would imagine eventually it'll probably go down to 1999 though, right?
As most of the PS1 games probably will.
Eventually, but it still sells.
Oh yeah, I'm sure it does.
No question about it.
If you're hooking new people onto DDR, I suppose why not let them know that Konomics is out there?
Of course, they didn't try to sell any copies of USAMIX, but that's okay because USAMIX
was kind of crappy.
It was better than I would have expected for a first release.
Because if you keep in mind, they were testing the waters.
From what I understand, Konami had little faith that DDR was going to be that big as
it is now.
I've noticed each release has been progressively better, so now we have exactly just about
the same product.
We have a better one that was released in Japan.
I agree to an extent about the first mix.
I think they kind of should have already known from success in the arcades, from rabid following
such as DDR Freak, things like that.
The fact that import machines are more popular than the U.S. machines, I kind of would have
expected a little bit more faith.
But they really didn't have that much.
the fact of the matter, they didn't. You know, it took convincing. And so, but, you know,
we have it now. Disney Mix, on the other hand, was an improvement
over the Japanese one, I thought. I don't think so.
It was missing some of the good songs. It missed all the songs that I liked.
But it had Maniac Mode and, you know. I really liked playing the oldies. I mean,
I loved playing Mr. Bassman, I loved playing Surfin' USA. I hate the Macarena, though.
I sort of understand, you know, why they couldn't license them though, so, you know, it makes
sense.
They took out fire.
I'm hoping that they do...
Not fire, they took out an electric light parade.
Yeah, they took out the electric light parade, which is weird.
I kind of hope if they do do a Disney Mix 2 that we'll get the catch-up song.
No.
Never.
Never.
And Dance Magic is still that thing that, you know, really should be put into DDR mainstream,
but still hasn't happened yet.
Maybe that's something that we're going to see.
If they truly are starting over with DDR, maybe the next series of DDR will be more
competitive.
That's kind of what I'd like to see, maybe a more competitive version of DDR.
I miss battle.
I miss dance battle.
Dance battle from second mix, dance magic.
I actually almost miss couple steps.
Having couple steps.
Second mix was the last one to happen that I understand.
Didn't third?
I don't know.
Maybe not.
Well, you can always do couples edits.
But it's not the same.
You know, I miss going up to a DDR machine and having to tell it to do versus.
You know, I remember going up to the 1.5 and holding my buttons down so I could play in
versus mode so that we could have the same nifty little steps.
You know, I kind of miss it.
I almost miss having to stomp around and do a code to put in maniac and I miss being totally
messed up when USA came out because I was so used to playing on flat.
Right.
Okay.
Well, we're going to take a real quick break and then we're going to come back and we'll
talk a little bit more about Max USA, we'll talk about some other stuff.
You know, while Max USA has been kind of taking everyone's attention lately, there's been
other news going on too, so we'll get to that.
And a whole lot more, we've got a listless segment for you guys tonight, so do stay tuned
and we will be right back for you guys eventually and we're going to start this off with a song
that we kind of referenced a little bit during this last break later
here.
Give me in your arms and go for my obsession Give me all your passion
Don't talk dirty to me
Oh, touch me
Don't talk dirty to me
Oh, oh baby, touch me
Hey, keep it cool, cause that's the rule I'm your lover babe and not your fool
Everything I ever knew to let my body talk to you
I'm in love with you, I know it hurts If love is you, so let it work
I'm gonna use my heart and flow It's just to make you lose control
Touch me with your love And give me satisfaction
When we get into action But don't talk dirty
Take me in your arms And go for my obsession
Give me all your passion But don't talk dirty to me
Don't talk dirty to me Don't talk dirty to me
Just touch me
Oh, you're gonna touch me
And I'm gonna lose you all
It's a long, long night
It's a long, long night
Don't wanna lose
You hate your clothes
Then I'm the one
I'm the one you chose
I always kid you like it too
Tell you babe
Don't be cruel
We got a day
We got a night
To hold each other
Really tight
When I get loud
You know what?
I'm gonna let my body talk
Touch me with your mouth and give me satisfaction
When we get into action but don't talk dirty
Take me in your arms and go for my obsession
Give me all the passion but don't talk dirty to me
Don't talk dirty to me
Don't talk dirty to me
Don't touch me
Oh, you gotta touch me
Oh, don't talk dirty
Oh, give me some action
I need your satisfaction
Touch me with your love and give me satisfaction
When we get into action
But don't talk dirty
Take me in your arms and go for my obsession
Give me all your passion
Don't talk dirty to me
Touch me with your love and give me satisfaction
We get into action, but don't talk dirty
Take me in your arms and go for my obsession
Give me all the fashion, but don't talk dirty to me
Don't talk dirty to me
Don't talk dirty to me, baby
Just touch me
Oh, you gotta touch me
Oh, don't call daddy
Oh, oh
Oh
Well go over London Well go over London
Rockover Chicago, Orange Lounge Radio. It's a good place to listen to the music.
That's not going to make sense to anybody unless you were listening that one Friday night.
Anyway, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Whee!
Whee!
And we've been talking about Max USA and I believe Dave's in the other room right now trying to get through what?
He's on Homebase, the 17 song oni. He's on song 11 at the moment.
And he's passed all the hard stuff. The only thing that I would be iffy on, because I haven't actually seen him in play yet, is the Do It Right two-step harmonize and the very last one, the Drop The Bomb system FX.
Oh, has he not even played that Do It Right mix yet?
He played it once.
Oh, okay.
And it didn't sound like it was too difficult.
Is Drop The Bomb in that 17 song only?
Yes.
Oh, okay. So you'll have to go watch him play that song, huh?
Yeah.
He can at least get one look at the arrows.
Remember, I can get a pad and paper now.
Exactly. Other things that we could talk about in news this week that you might have missed.
Big news for us locally, we had a tournament Saturday.
Big tournament, huge NorCal tournament this Saturday.
Jamie, you want to talk about this Saturday's tourney?
We are having
Sac de Mani host another fabulous tournament.
It's going to be, the festivities begin at 10 o'clock
at the Scandia on Hillsdale
Hillsdale and I-80, well it's Madison and I-80, if you can find Madison and I-80 you can find
Scandia, it's right off the freeway
registration starts at 10 o'clock right when the place opens
accuracy attack starts at 1115
not perfect attack, accuracy attack, we're having two lines, we are having plenty of
prizes
aren't we? Loki, tell us about everybody who shows up has a chance to win
huge prizes. Tell us about this.
Oh boy. Well, I'm estimating already I'm bringing at least three or
four hundred DVDs, at least, and probably more than that. So...
So why don't we have an opening stipulation for the first, say,
twenty people who pre-register? They get a DVD? Or something, shit.
Oh, there's pizza. Okay, so, um, yeah, as you heard, about
three to four hundred various DVDs that we're gonna be giving away.
Now, we're not going to lie, they're not like cream of the crop type DVDs, but they are
good stuff.
There is great good stuff in there.
It's a lot of anime stuff.
It's not all anime, though.
We know not everybody who's in the DDR is an anime fan, like I don't know shit about
a lot of animes.
But there's some other stuff in there, too.
There's some great sci-fi stuff, and bling bling, and things like that.
Just tons and tons of DVDs are given away.
So just show up, because you might win something.
I mean, there's a very good chance you're going to walk out of there with something.
20 people who end up pre-registering are going to walk away with a DVD as well.
Well, yeah, at least for 20 who pre-register will get a DVD.
Yep, at least. So, it's going to be tons of prizes.
Do we want to talk about what kind of prizes are going to be given away?
Some of the special things that have been donated, or are we going to talk about that later?
Okay, it's going to be secret. You'll find out day of turning, however we are going to make
as Orange Lounge, we're going to be making a donation of a prize.
Yes. The Orange Pack. The Orange Pack will be donated as a prize. Orange Lounge
Radio is going to be donating an Orange Pack.
Yes, we've already bought one of the things for it. It's funny.
Yes, and...
Is that the pizza?
That wasn't the pizza. Oh, okay, cool. We'll take another break pretty soon then. But for
those that cannot make Shaft, because we know that we're an international show at this point,
we have lots of listeners in Japan, hello to you guys, thanks a lot for listening. Canada
as well, got a lot of listeners, eh? And where else do we have a lot of listeners that I've
been noticing?
Australia.
Australia, yes.
Australia, Australia! We love you!
A place I am dying to visit someday. Australia, we have a lot of listeners there.
And all over the globe, thanks to you guys for listening.
If you guys can't be there, that's okay.
We will bring Shaft to your living room.
Yes.
Or your computer room, or wherever you have your computer.
You can get the Shaft.
We are going to be broadcasting live from Shaft all day long.
The stream will start probably before the doors even open.
Sometime at 9 or 10 in the morning.
We might get bored once we have everything set up.
Yeah, we might get bored once everything's set up.
We'll sing a little song.
Loki's going to pretty much be in charge of this,
because Jaime's kind of the queen of the tournament,
so she's going to be running around like a chicken with her head cut off,
making sure everything's in order.
I'm the Empress, what you talking about?
And I'm going to be kind of emceeing the tournament with my buddy Tal,
going to be up there doing the emcee duties.
So when Tal's doing the emcee stuff, though,
I'll be in the back helping Loki out with interviews,
but pretty much it's all going to be on Loki.
So welcome aboard as co-hosts.
Now do eight hours of radio all by yourself.
Oh yeah. Gotta catch up.
So basically anybody who wants to, as you come off the stage from Perfect Attack,
from Freestyle, whatever...
What? No?
Accuracy Attack.
Sorry, Accuracy Attack. I gotta get in the habit too.
Can you say Perfect Attack?
I'm sorry, this ain't your mama's Perfect Attack.
As they come off the stage from Accuracy Attack, or Freestyle, or A-Team Freestyle...
This so sounded like Cartman.
A-Team.
Okay, whatever. I'm coming to talk about what I want to do, bitch!
Jeez, Carmen!
As you guys finish, you can just walk right into the room. You'll be escorted into the office and get the shit beaten out of you.
No, and you'll be able to be interviewed for as long as you tell all your friends to listen.
And if you are there at the event, you can't listen, that's okay, we'll rebroadcast it probably at least twice on the station at some point.
If I can get it to archive, I can't guarantee it will be rebroadcasted though, we might not be able to get it to archive.
So I've just got to get you guys all to listen on Saturday if you can.
Yep.
Yeah.
Anything else you want- oh, I burped.
Anything else you want to add about Shaft?
That was a brilliant radio.
I'll be there judging.
The address for pre-registration is shaftstaffatyahoo.com.
Make sure that you actually look at the webpage first.
Go to sacbemanani.com
Just go to sacbemanani.com and follow the link.
That is the actual address that the pre-reg information is on.
Of course you can just go to sacbemanani.com
Click the link, click on shaft, and look there too.
But, you know, me, I always like going directly to the site, because that's just me.
But, anyway, go ahead and have a look at it. Make sure, though, that you do not leave any
information out
if you do not know what song you want to do. By the way, the songs
are located under the rules section. Yeah,
accuracy attack songs are up. But make sure that you,
if you don't know what song you want to do, write
TBA to be announced, and you can decide your song day of.
But keep in mind, all qualifying songs will be done in dark reverse.
The reason for this being, we'll go ahead and make an official statement on it.
If you can play going normally, you should be able to play in reverse.
That's a test of your reading.
Dark should not make a difference because that is the test of your rhythm.
We are going for accuracy.
That's kind of a way to, it takes away the blinking of the arrows too, so it makes it
a little bit difficult because I know when IPA, I'm looking at, or AA in this case, I'm
I'm looking at the blink of an arrow a lot of the time to get the tempo, so I would kind of be fucked in that aspect, so it makes it a little more difficult.
This is a judge of accuracy. You know, I would love to see you try to do something in Dark Reverse.
Well, sucks that I'm going to be up there doing, uh, I can't participate because I already know all the songs.
And we're going to be at Scandia before then. I want to see you take the Shaft Challenge.
I think I can handle Shaft.
Let's see if you can get the Shaft.
I think I might like getting, anyway.
Well, is that special?
Also accuracy attack, very game show.
The way we've got the brackets set up, very suspenseful, at least as much as a DDR tournament
can be.
Don't rely on what we've named the categories.
We've got category names are starting to float around out there.
Nobody knows, I say three people I believe, on the planet, literally three people know
what are in those envelopes.
only two of us actually have them written down. Yes, and only two of us actually were
there to write them down. So, Naughty Scandy doesn't know what's in those envelopes? Nope.
The Best Piers Nation don't know what's in those envelopes? They can't be told either.
You can try bribing me. It ain't gonna work. You know, I might let one song out for $100.
I wanted to wear a big sequined jacket to do the MCU. You totally need to do the Rod
We're going to take a really quick break because there's food here and we want to get some
food so we're going to play some Groovilicious 70's tune to get everybody in the mood for
a shaft and then we'll come back and talk some more about some other DDR things going
on.
We hope you guys can tune in on Saturday starting at around 9 to 10 am for the Big Shaft live
stream.
Alright, we'll be right back.
Share the price of life
Baby, fight it right
We gonna move tonight
Baby, move tonight
Share the price of life
Baby, fight it right
We gonna move tonight
Ooh, let's just go
Alright
Ooh, let's just go
Stand up, stand up, stand up
Let's just go
Out of the field
Alright, alright, alright
Let's just go
Say you should
Couldn't stand up all right, all right
DJ bring the beat on
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Let me go.
Have a map of home.
Have a map of here.
Save a bunch of money.
Get the ones that visit me.
Remember, where we just belong.
Well, that's love
No one's from this world
Down along those lands
She wants the whole band up after me
And she won't be coming back
Well, that's love
Well, would you be right now?
Never go to the base, I'm vomiting, vomiting, vomiting, vomiting
And I'll teach you, let's start rockin' it, rockin' it, rockin' it, rockin' it
Oh, baby, where am I? Where will you be right now?
Tears, and they wanna get the hype up
A couple of MC rocks on the mic, yeah
And here we go, everybody on the line
Ooh, fine, ooh, fine, ooh, ooh, ooh
Well, we're in a low differential
And the sun goes down to green
And this one pushes my mind
Cause I know they're running me
But my love
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Well, won't you be right now?
Not at night now
But my love
Whoa, hello. Sorry gang, that's a bad MP3, so we're gonna just go right into the next song. Sorry about that.
The beat is real Swiss, it's Cuban, barbers here, put it in gear, lean your head, cause the beat is real funky, head
Let's rock and roll with soul, I hold the mic, I go cause barbers in full control
Man, take the game to fame, I'm what I seek for rhyme for rhyme for rhyme, I'll be back later
She's a sexy nigga, she's a ballin' up, she's a ballin' up
She's a sexy nigga, she's a ballin' up, she's a ballin' up
He knew he had to try to let love in Not to let her know, she was in the mood for
So he began to play the game
Before he knew it, he had told her how much he'd been hurting
How he was hoping she was not the same
Who's to see the kind of lady that I'm seeking
After all of this time, could this be true love
And she says, boy, you don't have to love no more
I'll give the love you need till you holler in love, guaranteed
I like to live where I'm a fine lady
You've been hard to see so why I am the cure
And when you wake up late thinking it's a dream
The best day boy you know you can count on me
Believe me, there's a lady
You know what she found in me
Is a lady kind of lady
That can give you what you need
Baby, I find ladies that will never leave you lonely
And maybe there's a lady
Ladies, find a lady, sign me up, I won't be late
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio
We were just talking about Sakbamani hosts another fabulous tournament, also known as Shept, which is going to happen this Saturday.
It's pretty soon already now.
Yeah, I know, I can't believe it's already here. Crazy shit.
We also talked previously in the show about DDR Max USA.
Rumor is now, I don't know how true this is or not, this is kind of one of those rumors, but maybe you guys have thoughts on this, that Max 2 has already been announced for the US.
What do you guys think? Do you think that's actually possible that it could have already happened or what do you think is going on?
Nope, it hasn't been announced yet as far as I'm concerned.
All that they did was, Max 2 has been announced for the Japanese system, so we know that for a fact.
And now where people are getting their information is from gamefacts.com and they said that it's been announced.
To be honest, I don't think it's credible at all.
I think, yeah, there probably will be one. No, it hasn't been announced.
You think maybe somebody's getting confused with the earlier announcement that Max 2 is
coming out in Japan?
No, because they had both listed for Japanese and U.S. systems.
Interesting.
But who cares?
I mean, if it comes out, it comes out.
Cool.
Get burned out.
Fucking make onis.
Dude, those...
You know what?
I'm feeling the angst in this room.
Yes.
I'm thinking it's about time.
What?
We're going to do some FUs?
Oh yeah.
Alright, let's do some FUs.
We're going to get into the FUs of the week.
the part where Jamie likes to go off and F something. No. I had to go off and say, fuck
them. Fuck them right in their nose, because their ear and their ass aren't good enough.
Alright, and if you want to send your F-us of the week, just send them to me over in
the chat room. You can PM me over in the chat room, and we already had some people do that,
or you can alternatively send us an email, but you've got to do it right now, because
we only do the segment for a little bit orange lounge radio that's all one word
at yahoo.com here we go all right my first one of the week
um well there's the flies the flies dead there's the asshole with his uh horn and
i hope he dies um i said what mine was going to be in the car didn't i
on the way over here uh license plate yes okay
dan comes home last night proceeds to tell me that our license tag
our license plate is missing off of our car it's nowhere to be found in the
parking lot and the whole plate around the license plate is missing so we're
thinking it's either been stolen or has just fallen off although it's kind of
funny that two screws would fall off at once so this actually might be the
weakest in you know for my man's benefit but he has to spend however many hours
the DMV tomorrow to get that replaced my poor sweetheart I'm gonna hear about it
about tomorrow to you
that's the worst part i have to have your hands at work
and then go to the dmv
and they come back and work
oh my god
there's some days that we don't let my move at all
uh...
and that effectively
goes to
this cold it seems to be refusing to leave me
and that
that's the end of it and then
all I want to do is sleep. I'm taking a nap. Anyway, um, but yeah. You know, they're not
very big, powerful, evil fuck yous, but they are, so fuck you. All of those things. Yeah,
whatever. But, you know, thank you for pizza.
Is that all your FUs of the Week?
Mm-hmm. This is fucked up.
Okay. Let's hear from Loki. You got any FUs of the Week?
I have a new song.
Yes, you do. And yes, I called this actually before the show, so for people that were recommending
recommend during the show. I beat you to it. Well, first nephew of the week goes to Konami
and DDR Max USA. I hate Oni's. Yes, people like Oni's. I don't like Oni's. I don't like
the fact I have to play Oni's to unlock songs. That sucks. You don't have to. Oh yeah, I'll
just play the game for months on end. Oh, fuck that. I got other games that came out
the same way, like Grand Theft Auto Vice City, they're beckoning my attention, and not playing
this stupid game constantly. I've double-a'd almost everything on Heavy. I don't need to
fucking double-a everything in this whole game and still be playing, and songs are still
not unlocked. It's fucked up. Dave just beat, you know, the home base, you know, of course,
and the new hardcore 21 still hasn't been unlocked, so I guess I gotta play some more
songs. Oh, really? It didn't unlock hardcore? No, it didn't unlock that at all, so I guess
I got to play about 500 more songs before that fucking thing gets undone, but you got to see the drop the bomb remix finally
Yes, let me add that the drop the bomb remix while the song is cool
The steps suck ass and the backgrounds they took no time whatsoever to make that background
They're like, let's take the old drop the bomb background and put system
SF remix on there whoop-de-doo. So that's my complaint
Remember Brilliant To You, when they put out the orchestra groove, they just made it in pink.
enough to actually play a 40-minute oni on a homepad.
You'd probably have to go through a couple of homepads while playing. It's like you'd burn out a whole new one
just from playing that game.
I would feel bad for anybody trying to do that, like not on a controller or
whatever.
And even on a controller, your frickin' hands are gonna cramp up too.
So, you know, F Konami for their...
I mean, I like the fact that they put onis in there. That's cool.
But what the hell are you thinking putting 21-song onis and 17-song onis? That's just ridiculous.
That's like my 100-minute-long oni.
Okay.
Oh, does Dave have an FU?
A little bit.
Okay, this is better.
So, my FU also goes to Max USA, even though I've just played it, like, half an hour ago.
Also towards the onis, but for different reasons.
I like them, but damn, I've got, like, carpool tunnel now.
Seriously.
And it's not just that, it's the fact that the backgrounds are really bright and really flashy.
And so my eyes are really slow.
You can turn that down in the options screen, you know.
I didn't know that after like three minutes, and I'm not going to go start over again.
Because, you know, to start over I have to play all the other songs again, I'm not going to do that shit.
So, F.U., Oni, on Mac USA.
Alright.
And how do you, how do you unlock Hardcore 21?
Uh, you have to basically give head to, uh, DDR Max USA.
That'll be hard.
Alright.
Especially since it doesn't have either.
Uh, my FUs of the Week.
I have, I have a few, I guess.
Uh, my first FU of the Week goes to Jamie.
What?
For getting me addicted to Animal Crossing.
You bitch.
Now I have to go spend money on a GameCube.
Just so I can have those annoying little assholes move into my neighborhood.
Rob lives in my neighborhood.
And an F you to Belle the cow. You bitch, I hate you.
What did Belle do to you? Belle's the nice one, Petunia's the bitch.
Yeah, an F you to Petunia. She sucks too.
And an F you to Mallory because she won't move out of our town.
However, Rob sent me fruit.
Yes, I mailed...
He sent me an apple.
I mailed Jamie some fruit and I mailed Dan some fruit.
What you got?
Dan sent you clothes.
close. Yes, Dan sent me close. I sent you rags. So, F. Jamie, for getting me hooked
on that crack rock. My other F.U. goes to Psychos. Psychos online that want me to do
dirty things on my webcam. You suck. Go away. I don't like you. Stop messaging me. Stop
mailing me. It's sad. F.U. to stalkers. Now, there's a difference between showing a little
We like attention, but stalking? No. Stop stalking, please. Sad.
I hate when I get runs in my stalkers.
I think that's all my FUs. I don't think I really have anything else.
Maybe I'll think of something later. Oh, FU to myself for sleeping
through half of Halloween. And FU
just like last week, FU to all my friends
who get drunk while I have to drive. FU. I hate you.
Chat room FUs.
yes they do
via ps2
uh... who else has nephew let's see
black lap says all this is a good one now if you if you hang out in the chat
room during the week
in channel pound orange lounge during the week
you've been hearing uh... about the black lap saga with his roommate
after his roommate and his now girlfriend for once again getting naughty
while he was in the room
they went a bit further this time because moaning was hurting even over
his headphones and they ignored him when he he threw a bottle at them to get them
to stop. Yes, that was my suggestion last night in the chatroom, to throw a bottle or
poke him with the stick. I was going for more of the poking with the stick. Next time, set
them on fire. See if they notice. He says, F everything that contributed to his inability
to go to Shaft this Saturday. Instead, he will be paintballing for his birthday and
he will not be able to listen to the broadcast. Well, that's your choice, buddy. Fuck his
left side shift keeper sticking so much lately and fuck the fact that I still
have no car most you know what I mean by that if you don't too bad you should
hang out in the channel more more than Jay fuck that slash emotes sex doesn't
work in real life I've never used a slash emote I guess that's no is that an
AOL thing I don't know no and being sick and depressed sucks hard so fuck that
yes it does, I agree.
You know what sucks worse than that?
Go back to my music for a minute.
Oh, okay, yes.
Having the flu and PMS at the same time, that sucks more than anything has sucked before.
La la la la la la la.
Hey, this is the DJ.
I just had to say that.
Mine topped.
Next.
Women in DDR.
Fight me.
twain also says f you for not owning a ps2 he just wants to clear that up
get one
conundrum the new person was in the show
fuck you to the damn commies in the sky to watch me and the arc is tdr sucks
i agree
uh...
uh... fuck you to me for a consistently changing names in the chat room because
it was for the back and forth between our sick words guys so
but that's because i'm not at home
when r
Rice Princess, our buddy who's sometimes here during the live shows. I wonder why she's not here tonight. That makes me cry.
She says, uh, fuck you to people who bring their babies to the 11pm showing of the movie The Ring last night.
You're hurting your child's ears as well as pissing off everyone who wants to enjoy the movie. Thank you.
Oh, I have something along those lines too.
Yes.
Where's my music?
You and your music.
back-to-back
okay and i were at first with today
enjoying our lovely salads and soups
really good acorn squash fresh choice to rip off i'm sorry
it's hard like something like i'm going to get my thank you so thank you let me
have my thank you
well
this woman with you still have that the m s thing going on
no spoken
uh...
could kick your ass girl i'm gonna drop the bomb on your ass
nah um...
this little kid makes a mess you know little kids make messes
this woman comes up and her mom comes up and goes
oh my god what are you doing in the middle of the damn restaurant oh my god
and dan and i look over
and this woman's going off on this girl that can't be more than six years old
this kid starts bawling
and was like you clean that up you clean that up
and the girl goes like i don't wanna
right in the middle of the damn thing
And finally the woman just takes her out of there, but we're like going and the thing is is that you know
Who Dan and I are blaming for it is not the little girl
We're planning her mom for being such a bitch. So fuck you whoever you were woman. She didn't look like a bitch, too
Oh my god. Anyway, isn't that weird when like people just look like a bitch like you can just tell
People should not breathe. Okay
Can I get back to the chatroom if you sound okay, please
We have another new person here. Hello to you. It's EOSFVB.
I guess that's some kind of acronym. I don't know though.
He says, fuck you to AMD for making a 2.7 gigahertz.
When I get it, it's going to have this huge heat sink and fan, which is going to make a lot of noise, making him crazy.
And also will exhaust a lot of heat, which will fuck over the whole global warming thing.
Someone who's thinking in the big picture. I like that.
I like the heat. You know, it keeps my room nice and warm in the winter.
You know, I just have to keep my door shut and leave the mirror on.
Hi, you live in California. What happens in the summer?
Don't run the heater.
I don't really have a choice. Everyone else gets a cold.
I don't get cold. They do.
All right.
23rd Magus says, he has a little F.U. to whoever thought that what they were doing was more important than going to Scandi on Halloween.
I have a big F.U. to shitty drivers and being poor.
I also have an F.U. to conundrum 1 for hating DDR. Fuck you, Biatch.
No fighting, no fighting, don't hate, don't hate.
On Halloween, Dan and I were taking his dad out to dinner for his birthday, so that was more important.
And I was watching Friends. Oh, wait, I'm sorry.
Hey, we were at Red Lobster.
Hey, IT votes Survivor, okay? I didn't get to watch Survivor till the next day.
And I'm pissed. Oh, oh, oh, oh, uh-uh, uh-uh.
Fuck you to Suu Kyi for voting out Xian. Fuck you.
That's all I have to say.
and that means nothing to the rest of us
JB says uh... F you to the little kid at RVGL who likes to grab asses
alright, let's leave it at that
uh... Joe Mama
I think this is a good one to end on, this is the last one, he says
my fuck you is to school because it sucks
indeed
that's why I don't go
for those that don't know i uh... graduate high school several years i wish
you were that simple and i'm too old
and he wants to be here if you do the fact that they go to work tomorrow
have had a whole week off
yeah if you to work tomorrow because we cannot actually want to go tomorrow
i had friday off of so nicely sleep until eleven
uh... so i think i was most of my local like nine and what's left
now that we've gotten this like he's out of the way all i can check the mail
let's see if we got any over email. I have to give them the courtesy because not everybody
loads the chat room. Nope, no FUs over mail. So fuck you to the listeners for not emailing
us. No, I'm just kidding. We love listeners. We love you. We love you. We love you. We
love big stickies that leash you. No, wait. What? I don't know. I couldn't think of anything
that rhymed. I brought up in one of the FUs, Survivor, a popular program on CBS. Speaking
of CBS, segue segue, we have the early show finally happening tomorrow from what we're
being told. It's been delayed not once, but twice now. It was supposed to happen on Halloween
and I had the whole TVO set up to tape it and lo and behold, it didn't even happen because
I guess it rained or something so they couldn't do it. The early show is like CBS's answer
to today, you know the today show? Isn't it like a brand new show? You know Good Morning
America?
Okay.
It's like, you know, the early news show.
And actually, yes, you're right, Loki.
They just re-tailored the show recently.
They got rid of Brian, well, Brian Gumbel quit, I think, and the other chick got let
go and they have like a panel, they're, well, I don't know what the hell, but they're turning
it into The View.
It's basically, now it's The Early Show, but it's The View, but with men also.
And by the way, for our listeners who are unfamiliar with my habits of watching TV,
I don't.
Okay.
Just thought I'd clarify that for you.
So if somebody brings up a show to me, I'm usually going to go, what's that?
Or a commercial, I'm going to go, what's that?
The only thing I keep up with is Buffy.
And I haven't watched Buffy since the season started.
But I have to watch Buffy because I need to see James Marsters Naked, okay?
Hello.
I need Spike.
Anyway, CBS early show.
It's been delayed but I guess it's finally going to happen Monday, so if you guys are
up early tomorrow you should watch this provided it doesn't get delayed again
perhaps I should check some of the big news sites and make sure it didn't get
delayed again but I guess there's going to be some folks just out there playing
DDR I'm not sure what they're gonna do I don't know what arcade machine they're
gonna be playing or anything but it's gonna be nationwide exposure to DDR so a
bunch of old ladies who get up early in the morning and watch the early show
will be exposed to DDR won't that be special maybe Julie channel do some
interviews that'll be exciting wow that was intense that was the best dance
do it Julie Chen should be the announcer in DDR stream Julie Chen you did you
said you did watch one episode of Big Brother right once okay Julie Chen was
the host of Big Brother oh she was cool and she's also on the early show so
that's why I'm like she should do the interview so this never staying up all
I might.
Oops, I did it again on MTV!
Bomani on TV, wow!
You know what MTV needs to play?
The Hot Limit video.
Oh my god, that video is so much ass!
You know what, you know what, we need to set aside the little bit of space and put the Hot Limit video up on the site.
I think at some point we're going to need to, because that video is like the fruitiest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
I'm dancing on a star, I'm dancing on a star, I'm dancing on a star!
Actually, you can watch it on the Come.2 Music channel.
Oh, is it Come.2 slash ID Music?
That's C-O-M-E, by the way.
Yeah, you can watch it there.
Just go under the video section.
It's TM Revolution, hot minute.
Hot limit, sorry.
Oh, I think I got one more F.U. coming in. It's for somebody that I like, Vandalous, and he'll have to P.M. that to me, so send that over and I'll get that F.U. in there before we go to another segment.
Moving along, would you like to do a sim update?
Actually, I do have one cool thing that I'd like to bring up.
While we're bringing up fuck yous and kudos and things like that, I have to say that I got to see a preview of the Metal Gear Solid 2 substance video.
I mean commercial that's going to be airing.
Oh my God, that's the funniest thing I've ever seen.
What do they do with it?
It's like a guy in his office, sitting at his desk all of a sudden,
you hear his boss,
Where's that report?
He goes,
and then you hear the Metal Gear Solid sneaky music,
and he's sneaking along the hall,
and his boss is rampaging,
his boss looks by,
and you see this box walks across the office.
Does it do the exclamation point thing?
The boss goes into his office,
and the report is there,
and he picks it up,
For one of the other Metal Gear games, I don't remember if it was Metal Gear Solid.
He's just going, I don't know. I don't know! The G.A.C.T. commercial was so funny.
I'll make that available somehow. I'll make that available.
G.A.C.T. is the hottest woman. I just have to say, while we're on the topic
of commercials, the one with Donald Trump and Grimace owns for McDonald's.
Okay, I'm clueless. I know, I'm clueless too. I don't watch enough
TV. Ever since I got TiVo, I fast-forward through
commercials. I'm a whore for Tivo. That shit is awesome.
Did you know, I have this theory, and I posted this on DDR for you a while back, that the
McDonaldland characters represent different factions of the franchise. Ronald represents
the company itself, the all-encompassing whole. You have the early bird, who represents breakfast.
You have the fry guys, who represent the fries. You've got, you know, Mayor McCheese, who's
the cheeseburger and Big Mac, the cop, and the hamburglar.
You're not like Ronald isn't the crazy psycho who likes to lure children into his play lands.
But you know what? Dan and I have been trying to think of what the grimace representative
we finally realized it. This is what McDonald's wants its consumers to be. Big purple blobby
things.
Is this like trying to compare the Wizard of Oz to the Dust Bowl, that whole thing in
history class?
Is that where you're going with this?
Well, kind of, but no.
The other thing is that, you know, the McDonald's franchise wants us all to be dim-witted, slow
and fat, and live off of their food, where, you know what my impression of the Grimace
is?
That's the expression you make after eating there.
No, but like, it's Donald Trump and Grimace.
You can't get a better couple.
I mean, that's too cool.
Donald Trump.
Maybe Ivana and Grimace.
And Grimace.
this is what you get after eating a Taco Bell. I'm making a gift!
I got Vandalous's F.U. and since we like Vandalous, we'll let him in a little late because we
didn't get it before. Vandalous says F.U. to politicians for filling his mailbox the
past week with snail mail spam.
And for all those stupid fucking poster things that are out there. I swear to God, there's
Oh God, it's like being in high school and seeing all the posters around campus, you
know.
And it's like, hello people!
No, Jamie, for class president, she rocks!
It's not the number of posters that wins you the votes.
Get a clue.
Oh, is your vote going to be based on something different there, Dave?
Yeah, I'm going to go around and tabulate how many posters are up, and then I'll vote
for the person who spent the most time putting them all up.
Thank God you're not 18 and can't vote.
You know what, I remember how that was in high school.
And one year I put up a poster that says, vote for me because I wasn't nominated.
I have a late response to your commercial about the Metal Gear Solid commercial from
23rd Magus show like this.
The truck have started to move.
Yes!
Oh my god, I love that.
Oh no, the truck have started to move.
All right, we're going to take a really quick break.
We're going to come back, and we're
going to do a listless segment, everybody's favorite.
And now you can participate through email as well,
but we like it if you're in the chat room.
Go ahead and join the chat room, any other side IRC server.
You can join IRC.acheads.org is your server.
And you can join karma.othersideirc.net.
And you're just going to join Channel Pound Orange Lounge
is what you're going to join.
And tonight, the list list is going to be a little bit different.
We decided we're selling out this week since Max USA just came out, and we're going to
pretty much suck Konami's dick tonight.
And what we're going to do...
The views expressed by Rob, or not necessarily those views expressed by...
Yeah, whatever.
Uh, pretty much tonight what we're doing, we're doing Best Konami Game, not Bomani.
So BES cannot be a game that wasn't Balmaini, we're going to school, or we're possibly going
to school.
It could be arcade games, it could be damn near anything, so stay tuned, we'll be right
back.
We're going to start this off, we're going to have some old school Beatmania song, and
a really old school DDR song in this mix, we're going to start it off with one more
new school Max USA track.
This is Do It Right, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And it's you and me to be alright
So let's do your best and see
You're all that you want
We'll reach a member and a star tonight
Come on and let it rest
And you will never fall
Believe me
You're still the same
Nobody wants to reach back
Let it go, let it go
You're leaving in your sight
And we're all kinda done
You're looking back now
Is it alright for you or for you?
What do you see when you're acting like it's an action scene?
What do you see when we keep it right?
It's the kind of battle that stands in the lunch room, don't you see his life?
Even if you don't know, he's a man for you
He's just like you, yes he's strong
He's the one, tell you what
So much more to do, get into the world
Well you can knock him off, and take no more
It's the one that can do, so take it easy now
I can show you how
So still we're love inside, but the rumors say call us to love and light, yeah
I'm so hypnotized to know the fours and the loosens
Like magicians, he draws a rabbit out with a hat, son
I'm doing more like a 44th magnet, MC3's time for collision
They try to imagine us traveling the street of length
But everything's supposed to be frightening
Plus the thought you alone be down in the dimension
Call the Twilight Zone, you're terrified
Plus you can't bear the blood you and I want to want
In the land of the lost, we love to sip
Finish me, my friend, you'll wake up ugly
Because you're dreaming again, but next time I'm on scene
Let's try to distance, keep your mouth so soft and dark
Because I'm trippin' dizzy
I'm hot and shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot
I like to move it, move it, move it
All girls all over the world
Original man, stunt man for your case man
I love how all girls move their body
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letters B, letter A, and the number D9.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio!
Hi ho!
And as promised, here we go with tonight's List List segment. Yay!
This particular List List is non-beinami konami games.
That's right.
Whether it be stuff that's been in the arcade, whether it's been in America, whether it was only released in Japan, whether it's super obscure, we're talking about them.
Oh God, I love you! We can press your luck.
No whammies, no whammies, stop!
or as new school as you want. Dave, your number three choice for best konami, not a bamanigame.
Okay, my number three choice is an arcade game, uh, Police 9-1-1-2.
Because that game is cool, and it kind of defeats the purpose of having the game being called 9-1-1-2.
The police!
If you think about it, the Japanese name was, um, Keisatsu-kan, so, it makes sense.
Yeah! Okay, yeah!
Yes.
Logie, what's your number three choice for Konami thing?
Alright, um, totally old school arcade game here.
It's the Ninja Turtles arcade game. Ninja Turtles. Oh yeah.
I used to plug so many quarters in that machine.
I remember one night being at the arcade.
This is, by the way, the same day my brother got hit by a car and was in the hospital.
but anyway these guys paid me to play as Leonardo and we got to the end of the
game we had
freaking uh...
Craig I can't moving crane
we had we had shredder beaten in
the other guy
and then they turned off the machines
and let's get a look at it
bitches
the only
multiplayer game that I like more than uh... the Ninja Turtles was the x-men
six-player game that came on
I don't think that was Konami though
I don't think it was Grody.
Well, um, sorry.
Anyway, my, um, number three...
Jimmy's number three!
And by the way, I've picked games that I own because I'm cool.
I almost said Grodius II, because everybody knows how much I love Grodius II.
Burning Heat?
Yeah.
Well, instead what I picked for my number three was Kid Dracula on Game Boy, where you
play as Super TV Alucard.
Damn!
Damn, that's old school!
I...
And you know, the thing is, is like, if you look on yield fund colland lists, you know
when they used to have the prices on those pages like that. The game is a $30 game, even
used. So, it's really hard to find. If anyone can find the game, you can get Moms, though,
for the Famicon. It's the Famicon Mom, online. If no one's ever played it, check it out.
It's hilarious.
Alright. My number three pick is Castlevania II, Simon's Quest. That game was the shit.
Winner.
I like three better.
Fuck you if you don't like that game.
Three was better.
Two was the bomb.
Because they completely fucked up the first one in the best ways possible.
And the music owned and everything.
So, Castlevania 2 it is.
Dave, your number two pick.
My number two pick is Gradius, the original.
This is cool.
From newest of school to oldest of school, Gradius for what, Nintendo, Arcade?
No arcade. It doesn't matter. I'm not putting systems down. We'll just put Gradius.
Arcade. I don't know. I guess arcade.
The reason why I'm specifying systems on mine is because a couple games on here did have variations from system to system.
Eh, we'll be okay, I guess.
I guess arcade is sad enough.
All right. So is there any particular reason, Gradius?
It's cool.
All right, cool.
Loki, number two?
Alright, number two, um, I'm gonna have to go with, uh, Dracula X.
Ah, Dracula X, which one, the, the one that they put in, on, on what, TurboGrafx, or what,
which one, which one, the number, Castlevania V, or what?
I don't know, it's on PlayStation, I know that.
Alright, okay, that'll work.
Dracula X, okay.
Well...
No, that was my number one.
Well, that's okay, we have a duplicate, so what?
Oh, oh, Logie's gonna change it? Okay.
What's that then?
We'll just go with Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid, okay.
Switching gears and putting Metal Gear Solid.
Jamie, you're number two big.
Number two, Sexy Parodius for Saturn.
Yes.
sexy proteus
i think let's just say it was a very pretty as the sex prettiest
kicks its ass cuz you can please
windy and twin b
and the guys on paper airplane and uh...
the little benny girls riding the rockets
the game is so cool
and what other game
can you totally destroy a las vegas showgirl and
uh... a pirate ship with the kitty cat face on it
uh... i see in the chat room i see guardian legend being mentioned we
should point out that was made by Irem. That's made by Irem Broderbund, released by Broderbund.
Who were the same people that made Lode Runner, and if you remember Lode Runner, you're cool.
My number two pick is Life Force. Life Force is awesome. Salamander series. The honky version
of Gradius II. Well, it wasn't really Gradius II, it was Salamander. Life Force was Salamander.
But they called it Gradius II here, in America at least, didn't they? No. They kind of referred
to it. I remember they kind of... The reason why I know this is because I found my Nintendo
the cartridge of it last night.
For my number one pick, I had Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
Ah, good pick. I think that would have been on my list if I didn't already know you were
picking that.
Yeah, I had trouble coming up with some Konami games. But I just really love that game and
the music it's owned. And the fact that you can play as Alucard and I think Richter and
the girl. I forget.
You can only play as Maria on the Saturn version, and the Saturn version had two extra levels.
You can play as Maria after you...
Well, that was a rumor, I think. I don't think it ever really was possible.
The thing about it is that Maria was supposed to be playable on the original, plus they had the other two levels done.
If you notice, there's a little trick you can do when you first run into the corridor.
If you go back to that first corridor and stomp on this trap door, you can go down the trap door to a save room.
But that save room leads to the underground garden on the Saturn version.
So, a little bit of trivia.
Okay.
Strider is Capcom, we should point out.
Frogger is Konami game, but I think somebody else put it out and then Konami distributed it.
I'm not sure.
It's Atari? You sure?
It's Atari.
Alright.
Anyway.
I just warned that Konami distributed a version of it.
Maybe they were just the distributors of it or something.
something i don't know anyway who cares you wait out that showed up on the list
of my uh... again all right you know what
uh... lucky you're number one
foreign but uh...
i met the contract
uh... let's go with contras shattered soldier because that's a brand new one
and
it's everything conscious should be
except very very very very hard but i guess part was supposed to be very very
very very very very
Alright, yeah, if you didn't do the up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, select, start, then you were fucked anyway.
Alright.
Well, we already know, but explain it again, okay?
My number one is Dracula X Wando of Blood for the PC Engine Duo.
Game was not released in America. By the way, for all of you who own the Super Nintendo version,
I feel so sorry for you because it's totally butchered.
Um...
Dracula X Wando of Blood
has the best music ever.
The best levels ever. This is like...
And I actually, my friend had to pay Dan and I back for an anime expo, so when she was
in Japan she picked this up for us, for ten thousand nine hundred yen.
So it was basically a hundred bucks for this game, and it was worth every penny.
You can't find it for less than at least two hundred on eBay.
Wow.
All right, so Drakalex for the PC Engine.
My number one pick, very popular series in Japan, but they didn't do much with it here.
They released a couple games, I think, but I swear I'm naming the American version of
this because this is the one I remember playing as a kid.
This version was the shit.
This game is the shit.
It was awesome.
It had Gradius in it, you might remember, in one little part.
It is the Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
Go, Emon!
Cool.
Yeah, that was going to be one of mine, but that game rocks.
The Legend of the Mystical Ninja was like the best Super Nintendo game they did, maybe
next to Actraiser, I don't know.
I do have to offer an honorable mention to a series.
The Konami World series.
Konami World, well...
They were released in Japan, on the Famicom.
They were basically, you play as two generic characters who could go to different Konami
games.
You had a Castlevania world, you had a Gradius world.
It's like Kingdom Hearts Konami.
yeah it was kind of like that but it's it's pretty it's pretty funny
you know that's also one day probably will have to find the wrong now because
completely impossible find out what i think i'm
kona kona all you know i'll be
one of the one of the one of the one on me
all right
here's the list that we have so far now we're gonna do the elimination round i
gotta say
this could be fucking tough tonight to do the elimination all because all
these games are really do rule
This is going to be very difficult.
We have Police 911 Part 2, Ninja Turtles Arcade Game, Kid Dracula, Castlevania II Simon's
Quest, Gradius Arcade, Metal Gear Solid, Sexy Proteus, Life Force slash Salamander, Castlevania
Symphony of the Night, Contra Shattered Soldier, Dracula X the PC Engine version, and the Legend
of the Mystical Ninja.
Shit, this is hard.
Okay, but you get to start it off, Dave.
Which one's coming off the list?
Oh, this is really hard because a third of these games, or half, I've never even played
or heard of because they're really random and I don't know that many odd games.
So I think that I'll take off Castlevania II Simon's Quest because if there is a Castlevania
game it should be Symphony of the Night because that's better.
You're a dick.
I still live for Castlevania III or Super Castlevania IV.
Anyway, Loki.
I'm just never really a fan of a game where the bullets travel like 20 miles an hour,
so I'm going to have to take off police 9-1-1-2 because bullets are supposed to travel at
bullet speed and not at fly, you know, slow paper airplane speed.
That's the one I was going to eliminate, damn you.
Did you not mention, did you forget to, like, remember that you're Superman, you're faster
than a speeding bullet. So everything moves like slow motion.
Bullet time. Jamie, your turn.
Life Force is so freaking hard. You know, I'm thinking about, I have memories attached
to all of these games. That's the sad thing. And I have to leave Life Force on there just
because even though that game is harder than hell, it's awesome. You know, Symphony of
the Night is awesome even though, of course, the Saturn version is great. Contra has the
the turtle with the fetus ass.
I never really played the Goemon game, so I had to give it a boot.
You are a bitch.
I'm sorry!
You know, I really, really didn't play it.
I'm just being picked on tonight.
I've always wanted to, but because I have no experience attached to that game, I'm taking
it out.
Alright, well, that's okay, because I can get a little revenge, because this one was
my next pick to go off the list.
So my apologies to Jamie, but Kid Dracula, come on, Game Boy, I just don't have much
sentiment attached to that game, and as Dave mentioned earlier, if you're going to have
a Castlevania game on the list, it needs to be Symphony of the Night, or Dracula X is
a good choice too, but not Kid Dracula.
But cheap yellow card with a spiky Dragon Ball hair.
I played it once, I played it once, and didn't need to play it again.
So sorry, Jamie.
And when you hit them, they go poom!
I was considering Contra Shattered Soldier, but I don't know.
game is, is, I don't know, disgustingly beautiful. Alright. Uh, Ninja Turtles, okay, so here's
the final list you guys have to vote on. You can send me your votes over a private message
in the channel during the next song. Uh, random note right there for you, Jimmy. Look at that.
Okay, cool, thank you. Okay, and I'm closing out all my windows so you guys can send me
your votes. As soon as I post the list in the chat room, you guys can send me your votes
over a private message. Send them over to Sky in the chat room, or you can send them
over email you gotta do it right now orange lounge radio yahoo.com Jamie's
gonna read for you all the final list here once it's posted all right go for
it yeah there you go sorry we have the Ninja Turtles arcade game we have
Gradius arcade we have Metal Gear Solid we have Sexy Proteus we have Life Force
Salamander we have Castlevania Symphony of the Night Contra Shattered Soldier
and Dracula X PC Engine Duo version.
...
...
...
...
...
Hm...
Hm...
Hm...
Hm...
I didn't have a promo queued up, so we'll just
get right back into it
so we have a problem
uh... listen to or is on three or we will kill you
and your first point
uh... details
here we go we have the final list all prepared for you guys
uh... list is that winners are for the best
not
non-bomaniac
best burp goes to sky thank you
actually jamie had the best burp two weeks ago that
that was really weak uh...
And Gradius you could only have two options but I think the Nintendo ones you could have at least three if not four, but there was a version that you could only have two.
So maybe it was the Game Boy one.
Life Force was two!
Maybe it was the Game Boy one, or Life Force.
Life Force was two.
Ok, maybe that's it.
And in Gradius I know for a fact that in Gradius you could have four.
You know why I bet that would make sense? Because in Life Force you could have two people on screen at the same time which you couldn't really have any for the other Gradius games.
If you add four options a piece, you can basically be blown up the whole screen at once, so that
makes a little sense.
So I think you're right.
Look at that flicker.
I think Gradius I, you could have four, Lifers, you could have two.
Maybe we'll just pull up the ROMs after the show and have a look, okay?
We'll settle that.
Go to my house and plug them in.
Yeah, after the show, we're going to do some more music for you guys.
We going to do the normal playlist, or you want to do an all 2DX night, or what do you
think we should do?
Let's be random.
Let's be random.
All para para.
No.
Super Eurobeat number one.
Anyway, here we have our winners.
Yes, we have our winners.
Jamie, in third place, what is our third place winner?
Sexy Parodius.
Yeah.
Sexy Mama.
That game is so freaking cool.
Like for the reasons I mentioned before, just because I like blowing up a Las Vegas showgirl
and killing her to death.
Alright.
Killing her to death!
Yay, there's redundancy for you.
Number three, we have Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
Or for those of us who imported it, it would be Dracula X2 Nocturne in the Moonlight.
It was officially in the Dracula X series.
Which is a travesty.
It should have been number one.
You people have no taste, but that's fine.
I forgive you.
Number one, drum roll please, Ninja Turtles arcade game.
Whee!
I have such fond memories.
By somewhat of a landslide, might I add.
My god, it got like what, 65 votes, something like that?
a lot for turtles the arcade game but we have people live in which is okay
it's an okay first choice I guess you know but symphony night still should
have been your number one
and for that I reprimand all of you in the chat room but I would actually
you know I was so addicted to Symphony of the night when it came out but when the
Saturn version came out
I blew through the whole game with Maria oh my god she like
kicks Alucard's ass Maria is so powerful in that game
There's very few places that she can't get to.
And then, um, there's also, though, I mean, what?
I'm just laughing at chat things.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, you saw something up on the channel.
Okay.
We'll let Jamie finish her thought, and then we'll go on to the other tangent.
My thought just got deflated, so you go ahead.
Go on your tangent!
See if I care.
I have my propel to keep me happy.
Pardon me while I eat on air, only on the internet.
Lankystyle and I are on the same team here, we're rooting for Symphony of the Night.
You guys are thinking memories instead of gameplay.
You remember putting a bunch of quarters into the machine?
What other game could you get Castlevania with Metroid style gameplay?
play.
I know.
Hey, you can't forget the cliche Ninja Turtles thing, which had, well, two things really.
Two, for the pseudo-3D, it had the diagonal walking down part, you know, where you had
like sort of, you're going towards the camera, but not really.
Then you also had the jet hover skateboard things for no apparent reason.
Hmm.
All right, so whatever, there was always going to be the Turtles people versus the Castlevania
people.
was cool and fuck RVGL for getting rid of it.
Oh yeah, that's right, fuck them.
I was actually before...
They need a Castlevania arcade game, that'd be neat.
It was close between Ninja Turtles and the Simpsons arcade game.
The Simpsons arcade game was one I'm surprised didn't make the list, but it's the same engine
as Turtles, so it's pretty much, I think a lot of people maybe are thinking Simpsons
when they vote for TMNT, who knows.
Couple other random notes before we finish out the show here, because it is about that
time.
They're talking about Propel in the chat room right now, Jamie, you'd like this, VidPower
promoting Propel Water, and Black Lab's trying to steal your Propel Water.
No, I'll eat his chat cookie.
Propel is like, it tastes like Ghetto Kool-Aid, but not.
Propel, the Orange Lounge choice of drink while playing DDR.
Another random note.
A new test version of MaxXtreme, or MaxXtreme, DDRXtreme came out this week,
and apparently Sakura has been removed as the extra stage
and replaced with another paranoia,
and Black Lab would like me to take a minute to tease Loki about it.
Tease, tease, tease!
Your response?
First off, the machine's not done yet.
So if they've had the song done and completed and it's a Konami original, why wouldn't they
put it in there?
Hello, there's going to be 200 fucking songs.
It's going to be in the goddamn machine.
It might not be an extra stage, no guarantee that it's probably not going to be an extra
stage because that would be kind of redundant.
You play Max and you play Max again.
So that'd be kind of stupid, but it's going to be in the goddamn machine.
Revenge, the song's done, it's a konami original.
What more do you need?
Alright, that's Loki's official response.
Dave has another random note he wants to bring up before the show's over.
On a side note, I AAA'd the remember me or remember you, what is it, and nothing.
You obtain the highest dance level.
That's it.
No, you don't get shit for AAAing anything, I don't think.
I think you get one of the earlier unlocks, something you've already unlocked by playing
enough songs.
Okay, and one more random note, because I promised you guys I would mention this in
the chat room, I talked about this at the beginning of the show, somebody asked, when
is Orange Lounge going three hours?
We've been discussing this.
We've been discussing this, and we are going to up the show to three hours, and it's going
to start?
Eventually.
We're going to tell, let's tell them.
We will start that with episode number 20.
number twenty will be the first three hour show and that is by the way in two
weeks
uh... next week we're gonna be just too fucking exhausting after shaft i think
we're gonna have a lot of
lot of shaft wrap up a lot of interviews a lot out-of-towners next sunday they'll
be big show but the first three hour show will be into what you watch it
never doing eight-hour show come on
okay
and uh... jamie's got something she's talking about the after birth here
yeah after birth will go a little bit old school so i can you know let you
know about one of the greatest in
least appreciative systems ever
all right and uh...
have to get some more fun everybody go around and give us your final five
because i'm still trying to get the show
uh... in the show wrap-up uh...
the final five actually fitting get to do it
uh... so i think i a go for it uh...
really not too much going on other than the mac
the air max you say uh... you guys come out thanks to me
and uh...
while max i guess
Speaking of Team Wilo, they're gone again. I don't know where they went. It's news to me, so they're just buh-bye.
And X-Step Release Candidate 4 is out. It's also probably going to be Version 1, so go check that out if you use it or not.
And other than that, I'm going to be getting back onto the 2DX projects, so I'll have more of those 2DX sim files coming out for you guys to play on StepMania.
And that's about it.
Alright, Dave, any final thoughts?
Homework blows ass. That's it. Max USA, if anyone knows how to get the Hardcore 21 unlock, tell Rob, or post it, so I can look.
Alright. Jamie, your final thought?
Besides your random coughing fits?
All of you people, go play Kid Dracula. You'll love me for it. Play Kid Dracula in Konami
World. Go obscure, because I say so. And drink Propel. And come to Shaft.
Come to Shaft. My final thought of the night, come to Shaft and I need a date. That's it.
Stay tuned, we're going to be playing more music for you after the show's over. Stay
Stay tuned with us on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks a lot for listening.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Y'all be going on vacation?
See, the thing is, if you about to be up off this beach, check it.
Peep Delta we be flying all over this bitch
Let me ask you something you fin to raise up and get your travel on from the interior to the exterior
You've got to get your posterior in one of these big-ass planes
dog you lay in the cut straight sitting on your ass and getting your drink on and your snack on while we floss and fly
This mofo all over this bitch East Coast West Coast. It don't matter Nia
We'll get you to your hoe and back lickety splits no
Then you'll be back at your crib chillin with a flat spliff thinking we were some crazy-ass angel
Hell these fat round thick-ass vessels run up in the sky so deep get beat crying
Yeah, you thought it was rain
So bring a towel because it Delta it's laid out like that
that. Call one of these fly ass Delta coochies and make all them punk ass co-workers of yours
catch the vapors as you be off and about. You going? We fly you there. You been? We done already
flew up in there. We got you covered like a jimmy hat. At Delta we loves us some flying and it'd be
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
