Oh! Message for you, sir! A kitchen! Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words. Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
nudity orange lounge may contain hot monkey sex just kidding orange lounge
will not contain hot monkey sex in this episode
hey cool down there biggest thing ever seen jingleberry what's your favorite
scary movie showgirls absolutely frightful what's yours there are no
No stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time when sprockets pay me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
But no kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect for Spanish exposition is gentle.
Hey!
Shut up!
Where's my gun?
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker that has sex with me.
What kind of what human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live and this is episode number 21 for November the 24th of 2002.
You're tuned into the Bimani scene's most fanky radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts but you might know me as Sky.
What's up, my brother?
Also in the studio, say hello too. Is it Jenny's bitch or is it Jamie's bitch? We don't know, but the initials are JB.
That's all you want to say is hello?
Moo.
Moo, okay.
We'll be talking to everybody more a bit later.
We're just going to take a really quick break.
Any other opening thoughts from you folks here?
You know, I don't think the parrot noises pick up very well over the radio, actually.
I don't know, though.
I could burn up.
You can hear a little bit of it?
I don't know.
I don't listen to this show.
Oh, we have a brand- oh, oh.
You know what?
Everybody who un-listens at home, give me food.
You want food right now?
What were you craving before the show started?
Artichoke hearts.
I want a pizza with garlic sauce and artichoke hearts.
Is that a PMS thing?
Alright, we'll be right back after this very quick break.
I would like our listeners to know that Robin King falls.
They're big and fluffy
Before we get into the next song, I'd like to make a real quick announcement, kind of
tease our next segment.
Rob was eating balls.
Well, other than that I was eating balls.
I'd like to announce that after these next two songs, when we come back to the next segment,
i'm going to come out live on air
uh... it's time for me to come out of the closet and i will be doing that live
on air just after this next break
to study you know
this is going to be historic radio radio
we just want to let you all know
Air floating in the summer sky
Ninety-nine, let the love go by
Ninety-nine, let the love go by
99,000 words go by
99,000 red balloons
floating in the summer sky
and it fell this surrender
there's something here from somewhere else
the claw machine springs to life
It opens up one eager eye For boosting it on the sky
Ninety-nine red balloons go by Ninety-nine red balloons go by
This is what we've waited for This is it, boy, this is war
The president is on the line
Ninety-nine, Tres-A-Luz go bar
Ninety-nine, Tres-A-Luz go bar
Ninety-nine, Tres-A-Luz go bar
99 nights of the era, super high-tech tech fighters
Everyone's a silver hero, everyone's a Captain Cook
With all us to identify, terrify and classify
Scramble in the summer sky
Ninety-nine red balloons go by
Ninety-nine red balloons go by
Ninety-nine dreams I have had
Everyone red balloon
It's all over and I'm standing pretty
In this dust I was a city
If I could find a souvenir
Just to prove the world was here
And here is a red balloon
I'll think of you and let it go
It's up to you, she said to me She knew I wanted to be free
And everybody there began to stare As the ladies started crying
Let's hit it like a fake Let's hit it like a fake
The atmosphere of peace and passion
In a free and easy smudge on the carpet
Niko meow Niko meow
That's right. As we promised during the last break it's time for me to stop hiding secrets from everyone here assembled in the room, and all those assembled in the chat room. I need to stop lying to myself about some thing.
I have to admit this live on air I I like something that a lot of people say
I shouldn't like and people are telling me it's wrong that I feel this way and
that I like these kinds of things but I have to say you guys I I just can't get
enough of it. I, I really do like Polteri's tie from Sick Style. There. I said it. Oh
God, I'm so sorry, Mom and Dad. I'm so sorry. I hate her. I wish she would burn in hell.
In fact, it still holds true, okay? You don't know that all Polteri fans are going to burn
You're gonna burn in hell. Who are you to judge?
Listen, don't judge me. You don't know me.
I'm still holding a bounty for her dead.
Bring her head to me and you'll be paid with vast riches of the lens.
You don't know shit.
Ah, there. I feel much better now that I've come out on radio.
I was so... I was so invigorating. Thank you.
Oh yes, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
No, you're not. You're listening to Trainwreck Radio.
Episode 21!
You're listening to all of Politary all the time!
Before your ears bleed.
Actually, because of Jamie's order that she issued last week on the show,
Politary has been banned from the station for an entire year.
That little 30 second clip...
At least for the rest of the year.
For the rest of the year.
That little 30 second clip that you heard right there is about all you're going to hear.
And that does make me sad.
That makes me sad.
because I'm sorry that is the best version of time I will have a cry I'm
gonna go have a cry the beefy you girls can sing better than her no come on oh
come on she cannot hold a key neither can the beef for you which would make
superhero be that much better that's my impression to be for you no you're a
Eurobeat superhero be it's got beef for you and Polteri what more evil do you
and die. You guys are so mean.
No we're not, we're being honest.
Really so.
Let's start the show off tonight in a different kind of way.
Because we usually kind of wait for the end of the show to talk about this but I
thought we'll
switch things around, we'll do this at the beginning. Let's talk about the Sim Update for this week.
I was gonna say, you mean we're not talking about porn right away? No, we gotta say that for later.
Okay, sim update. Well, we can do that.
Let's see, obviously the most prominent thing going on right now is Turnimix 3.
Entries are actually being accepted right now and until December 20th, so get your stuff in there.
No, I actually played Step Mania for the first time outside of your simulator,
because I've played your simulator at various parties that you've been at and you brought it to.
Outside of your simulator, I actually sat down, I downloaded Step Mania,
and I actually played it for the first time in I don't know how long.
And, you know what? It's pretty damn cool. I don't know what I've been missing out on, but, um, okay.
Anyways, um, yeah, actually, uh, one of the things that's gonna be coming up pretty soon in some of the updates for StepMania is, uh, support for BeatMania.
Uh, so that's gonna be good. So you're gonna see support for BeatMania probably soon after will be Dance Maniacs and Poppin' Music.
And they'll be the all-encompassing Bimani Sim.
The word for that? Squeak.
So, look for that soon. Other things that should be noted, visit DDR UK. I mean, they've
got tons of sync sets that they're releasing now. They have pretty much everything. They're
doing some of the older, you know, one through, you know, five mix stuff. So, go check that
out. Also, check out, I believe, in the DDR Maniacs chat room, they're going to be hosting
files. They have one zip that's all of the ManiRuler stuff that you released in 2002.
oh they love us there right if i remember that right
yeah but they love us there uh...
big fans
big and epic big huge fans uh...
so it's just a check that out because they've got you know
his all this effort to go to including the unreleased stuff which i have
it's supposed to be in there and what he said
uh... hundred what makes it we've waited for money or
for my i think you should about
i don't get you just read it
couple weeks ago about i don't get a hold on his stuff but you don't think
other people my alright alright so um... there's that also out there floating
around somewhere is that the d r extreme skin for uh...
set me as a good
find that somewhere
uh... supposed to be i guess it's out there somewhere it's out there somewhere
i don't know where since the fact that i have but yet remixed three for sure
uh... is going to be
definitely keep your eye on that they've got a bunch categories including one
now they actually pay to get into flight
you know those people are really professional making files
i'm actually
considering entering, I'm not sure yet.
I did, now you saw that I did my very first step file.
Yes. My very first one, you got to see it. You know what's sad?
I mean, let's just put it this way. I have to say your step file is the most synced step file I've ever seen.
Every time I play that I get AAA.
I guess that's a good thing. You know what though? I, I, there was a really nice guide
online and I, I'll have to find it for you guys later in the show because I don't have it up in front of me right now.
Actually, no wait, I think I have the damn thing bookmarked.
Hold on, let me, let me pull up my bookmarks. I think my site, because it was good. So I want to give props to this guy.
Who wrote it because I actually use this to sync it it looks like the guy who wrote it is
Raiden I thought it was always spelled the other way around, but it's the real name is Steven unfred wrote this file
About how to sync a DWI and well actually he's talking about DWI not step mania
But it was very helpful for me to sync this file
That I did so it was you know you had to go in the goldway
you have to count the beats and do a little math, but this thing kind of walks you through
it, the logic and everything, it was very helpful. So props to this guy for writing
the file because that really helped me in syncing that.
Really sync?
Oh yeah, I will copy, yes, for those of you in our chat room, and if you're not in our
chat room, why the hell aren't you? You should get your booty on over to orangelounge.skie.cx
and then just click on chat. And then that will get you in our chat room, and for those
in the chat room, I posted the link right there.
And aren't you lucky you're there?
there?
Uh, see, other stuff that's, um, going on right now, um, see, well, it's not really,
I guess, simulator-related, but it is a pretty big thing, um, ddrspot.com is relaunched,
so, uh, you know, we'll definitely go check that out, the site is beautiful.
We'll talk a little more about that stuff later.
uh... and finally
i don't know how to exactly describe this but uh...
the year pc character set nine is releasing
okay just spit out looking into characters it is
mister spanky
mister spanky the bd r dot this is a great deal of the bodies queen okay
this guy i mean
What the hell are they thinking?
What is this? I mean they've got this guy who's like he's in all leather
like straps, okay? He's got a mohawk and big like
huge lips full of lipstick. Mr. Spanky.
And then you've got the chick, she's in all like leather and stuff with like horns in her hair.
I mean that's some scary shit. I'm trying to find the DDRPC site right now so we can bring it up.
What kind of sick fucks work at Konami of America? That's all I gotta say.
sick people there. I'm trying to find the BDR, sorry guys. There it is, Dance Dance Revolution
product site, and downloads, and character downloads, because that's all they actually
released. They were too lazy to release songs. That's okay. Yeah, Jason Enos and Mr. Spanky.
The white man always smiting out the black man, did you notice that? Well, they also
I also edited set number seven to remove the skull from Robby and put this stupid like...
I don't even know what kind of head it is.
Why did they do that? They have to edit the skull thing, but yet they have Mr. Spanky!
Well, we know where their focus lies in freaking Bondage Freaks.
Because those aren't the first ones that they've released that were Bondage Freaks.
You've got Koby and Nicky look pretty Koby-ish.
But yeah, it's a sad day, but I don't know, what can you do?
Maybe we'll talk to Mr. Spanky later in the program.
Maybe Mr. Spanky can offer us some advice.
I think Mr. Spanky's a big fan of Orange Lounge Radio, actually, from what I hear.
So we'll talk to Mr. Spanky a little bit later.
Maybe Mr. Spanky will just kind of pop in during one of our breaks and offer you all some good advice.
Because lord knows a lot of you nerds out there could use it.
Back on the subject of Tourney Mix 3, Rob's file there, he sent it over to me and I decided to go ahead and do a background for him.
I actually like it. It looks pretty cool. It's very colorful now.
Which one?
The background for your song?
Oh, yes. You did a very excellent job with that background.
I'll actually play the song I did in Etude starting the next break so everybody can hear it.
And I'm still working on it?
Although I'm not entering Tourney Mix 3 with that. I'm still debating if I even want to enter it at all because I'm shy.
Do it anyways, just do it in light if you're going to do it.
I mean, that's cool.
And I'm entering mine in Alien World.
I'm working on the steps, actually, right now.
So, it'll be cool.
Very cool!
Are you looking at something pretty, Jamie?
There was a piece of lint floating in the air next to me.
You really care about the Sim update, don't you?
Um, yeah.
I...
What, the Sims?
Are you talking about Animal Crossing?
No.
Also, I'll be announcing this later on, something that has to do with my sim, and a further
evolution of my sim, we'll get into that later on.
Alright, so, um, sim stuff, yeah, so you are going to be entering tournament mix 3, I'm
debating it, Jamie doesn't really play the sim, so you probably won't be entering tournament
mix 3.
Does that mean that I get to, like, mix stuff up and sit at home?
Yeah, you should enter tournament mix 3.
I don't have time to do any of that.
It does take a long time. I'll say that.
We should do a bunch of DXY edits.
Put another up there and see what people...
Well, you have to do a new song.
You have to make an... Don't you?
Screw that.
You can't do a song that's already existing.
I'll do it off the gachamanota.
No, you could do...
You could do a dance file to Schlagwerk
because nobody's ever done one.
Oh, really?
My bad.
Both the terror and the regular one.
I would pick one of the old Mega Ranger theme songs, if I had to.
Oh, we have a new person in our chat room that says that they also have this ferret.
Brack2000 also owns the infamous ferret that we like to play here on the show.
Jamie likes to stroke it here on the show. I'm sorry, JB?
Bush Baby.
Bush Baby.
It just had a fun time.
Sorry to interrupt, but I thought you'd want to hear that wonderful news that Bush Baby
has a twin.
Yay!
Bush Baby has a twin.
It's Rob, so I just play with it.
It was a present.
I also ended up in somebody's lap here while he was quite drunk.
Oh?
Remember?
Never mind.
What?
No, what?
What?
When...
Oh.
We need to do another drug show.
We really need to.
So we're going to have to pre-tape a show, so I'm thinking we ought to pre-tape a drunk
show at some point.
That sounds like a winner.
That might be a winner, because I'm actually going to be gone the week between Christmas
and New Year's, so we'll probably do some kind of pre-taped drunk show.
What more appropriate time than the holidays to be doing a drunk show?
So we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
That's nice, twin.
Yay.
Hooray.
You're special.
Yay.
Hooray.
You're special.
Go shave your hands.
Let's see.
What else should we talk about here?
Let's talk about...
No, we're not going to talk about Jenny Rom.
Let's talk about...
This kind of goes along with the whole Sim thing, and Loki was alluding to this a little
bit ago.
There's a brand new version of DDR out there that you may not have heard of, because it's
not official.
It's quite a bootleg.
But I know you all out there have always wanted to dance to Britney Spears, and you've always
wanted to dance to Eminem and Christina Aguilera.
I feel sorry for you people.
Loki, tell us more about DDR Top Hits.
It's a piece of crap that they, uh, you know, made very, uh, I don't know. They didn't really put much work into it, looks like.
Um, it's basically a hacked fourth mix upgrade that they made, and it's crap. They just replaced the images and replaced the songs. It doesn't even look like they even touched the steps at all, so.
It's a piece of crap. It's got, like, Christina Aguilera in it, Britney Spears.
That makes it a piece of crap instantly.
It's just it's just sad very very sad. I see no doubt. I wonder if that's old-school. No doubt or new-school. I'll doubt. What do you think?
I don't know who knows who cares
It's just it's crap
It's what they now on the actual website ddrtop hits.com
You can actually see they have screenshots there, and if you look really closely on one of them where it shows a song
The song selection screen, you'll actually see one of the songs, I believe it's Boyz
by Britney Spears, it says 1234007 as the actual song title, because they're dumbasses
and don't know actually how to hack the stupid thing.
And it also has the dance mania banner, might I add.
So doesn't this look like a bad Photoshop job to anybody else?
No, actually, that's what I was alluding to earlier.
I was talking with our fellow DDR Tech guy, Keith, down at Scandia, and they were actually
talking about upgrading their 4th mix to this piece of shit.
So I talked them out of it, and I was like, I thought, hell no.
So what we're going to do, and actually next week, Keith is making me copies of the Flashrom,
the game CD and the install CD and I'm going to hack a Max 2 machine and we're going to
make my own custom mix in the arcade.
That would be good.
Now, how pompous and cocky of you would it be saying that you're going to be able to
accomplish this?
Do you really think you're going to be able to get in there and hack all the data?
Why hasn't it been done yet?
If it's possible to do, why hasn't somebody else done it yet?
Why haven't the Japs done it?
The Japs always do it first.
Well, for one over here in America, all these machines are illegal.
So really, there's nothing they can do about the fact that I hacked a fucking machine.
Well, they can say, oh, this music's not supposed to be on here.
Well, because it's not licensed.
Well, neither is any of the music that's on any of the import machines, so there's nothing
really they can do.
Suck my dick!
Exactly.
So there's nothing that they can really do on as far as that.
Now, hacking a machine is slightly complicated, but it can be done.
Now, there's a song you should put on there, Why You Gotta Go and Make Things So Comfy.
No.
Anyways.
But it can be done.
I mean, look right here.
images and music is a piece of cake to do. And the actual game data itself, the actual program, is only like 30 MB. It's all on a flash ROM, a flash card actually, just a normal 32 MB flash card. And it's pretty easy. Plus, he's also having a few friends of his who are crackers and that kind of stuff. Now that I'm not talking about white guys, I'm talking about actually people that crack software.
software. They're going to be doing the same thing. So, no looking at it. I really think
it shouldn't be too hard since my knowledge of making edits and that kind of stuff and
actually working with just reverse engineering all this shit to do it. Sure, it will take
time. I need to actually look at the game CD and stuff to figure out how all the stuff
is stored and that kind of junk, but I think we can do it.
So this is your new project?
This is my new project.
Your new time waster?
time waster yes and but at the same time other cool stuff I'll be able to do with
these game CDs that he's given me is rip all the videos for Max 2. Everyone's
been trying to do that ripping the videos off of DDR USA but I'm actually
just gonna rip them off of Max 2. What I'm planning to do is actually reskin
the whole thing just tire redo the whole skin for it so it's gonna look
professional not gonna be this oh look DDR top hits with like a little gradient
background piece of shit that they have on there. And a picture of Britney! And a
a picture of Brittany? No, I'm not going to do that. Reskin the whole backer, everything,
you know, do skins on it, make it all real nice, redo everything. Those steps are going
to be brand new and we were just throwing around a bunch of ideas because actually,
for instance, people would think, okay, there's limitations on what you can put on one of
those things that's all stored on CD. Well, not exactly because you can replace the CD
ROM drives with hard drives and then you can just stick, oh, look, 120 gigs worth of stuff
on there, you can actually have a DDR mix with everything on it. So it can be done.
Loki makes Konami cry. Oh, yeah. Well, see, Konami would be the only one to get pissed
about this stuff, or the RIA, but then all they'd have to do is they'd have to remove
every machine in the United States, which... So you could possibly be fucking it up for
everybody? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Hello. I'm fucking it up for everybody. I'm not selling
my fucking mix on the internet for, no, 11, 14... $1,495. Yeah, I'm not selling. This
this is going to be exclusive to scandia okay this is exclusive to scandia
so there's only one so if you're out there listening to me you know exactly
where to come and arrest loki
okay just because i make the thing doesn't mean i'm responsible for it
that's like trying to sue the gun manufacturer for a murder i mean
just because they make it
doesn't mean i'm assuming the risk for actually running it in an actual arcade
this is all scandia so
things go down
they're going down not me
going to ruin DDR, or Loki's going to ruin DDR.
Yeah, but guess what? Another thing is, um, I will be able to get copies of
all these game scenes and stuff. I have, you know, Ox...
I have the hookups, basically, and so right when we get Extreme 2,
same thing with that. So, what I need to figure out now, the really tough thing...
What the hell do I put in it? You should copy your sim over.
That's a lot of shit, no? Screw that.
I will advise you on what songs need to be in there.
Well, but the first step you gotta figure out, you gotta be able to replace, like, at first you gotta go and, like, you start little baby steps. Okay, I'm gonna replace one song. I'm gonna see if I can replace one song.
We need DDR2DX style.
That'd be cool. You need to go, and then, and then he'll go and start ripping the 2DX discs. That'll be his next project.
Well, I mean, it sounds like a major undertaking, but I think if I can pull it off, other than the fact that it'd be, like, really cool because we'd be the only arcade in the United States that have, like, custom mix.
Ah, decent question from the chat room. If you can hack an arcade version, why haven't you hacked a PlayStation version yet? Or a Dreamcast version?
Because I haven't even tried.
Oh. That's alright.
I mean, I mean, well, here's the thing.
People have hacked the Dreamcast version, by the way.
The arcade versions are like I said, they are very different. There's a lot of things you can change on an arcade version and you can't there.
going to be a little different too. Sure, I guess we could try hacking a Playstation
version, but I'd rather do the arcade.
The Dreamcast ones will be easier to do though because it's more compatible with the Windows
environment.
Yeah, it's Windows CE.
No, they're not running Windows CE, but they're more compatible. The thing about Dreamcast
games is that they're not running in Windows CE unless they boot up Windows CE at the beginning
of the game, because it's actually loading Windows onto the Dreamcast every time you
boot the game.
Yeah, but I don't know we're gonna look at it. I'll see you know how feasible it is
I'm getting copies of fourth mix stuff and max too, so
We'll go from there
Sounds like fun all I ask you to put on it, please not so quick back in BDR. Don't worry
I was gonna bring back everything including telephone operator cuz I love that song they didn't bring it back so I
Like it just cuz it's a lot like the original
We'll put a bunch of crazy shit in there. All the things that people wanted in there, I'll put in there.
The only problem is though, I'm going to piss a lot of people off with this mix.
I'm not seeing why, but let me just put it this way, a lot of people will be angry at me at the very end of this mix.
Are you okay? Jamie has a medical emergency?
But yeah, that's an idea. I mean, we'll see how hard it is and when I get done with it, you know
We'll see. I think I think it can be done
I don't think it's gonna be too difficult if these idiots can make one
I mean obviously they didn't go into great detail of actually hacking the program and changing
some of it looks like the steps or anything, but
You know never know. It shouldn't be too difficult
What do you guys think about this DDR top hits, your opinions, what makes you want to
throw up?
Personally, I want to play it just once, just to see how bad it is, or maybe they actually
did change the steps and it's somewhat decent.
I'm just curious.
It's going to suck.
Look at the fucking banner for just the beginning there.
It's like blue.
They probably don't have any artists.
They're probably a bunch of programming nerds.
They have no art people.
They just think they're stupid and don't know jack about they just threw this shit together.
You're thinking if you're going to sell something, at least make it look good, I mean, I don't
know.
I could do a way better job than that, that's all.
Black Lab's calling this DDR Miss Hits.
No, I'll name it something.
It's the Total Request Live version of DDR.
I'm talking about Pop It 2.
Well, seriously, I mean, it's like, okay, what do you want to see in DDR?
Okay, well, you know, people, you know, obviously have said V before, oh, well, the steps for
V suck.
You should just call it DDR that doesn't suck.
No, I was going to call it maybe like, DDR Unauthorized or some shit like that, I don't
know.
Red Band DDR!
Porno DDR!
No, I guess you can't have that at...
DDR XXTREME!
DDR XXXTREME!
We'll even put Max the XXXM in there just for the hell of it.
Put like a song called that.
We could put crazy stuff in there.
This DDR sucks.
I don't know. Well, we just have to see how feasible this is.
Can I be the new announcer? Can we hack the announcer voice, too? I want to be the announcer.
Actually, you can. We can hack the announcer voice. I was just thinking about using what's
in there right now. Obviously, we can probably steal the stuff from a solo or whatever.
Warning! This game causes cancer!
We need the squirrel that goes, Whee!
you know what we maybe need to get Jamie to like do the voices because you know
we we haven't had a real like bitch and DDR since the solo nurse so Jamie's just
get up there and go you make Captain Jack cry you've gotten a rhythm I took
like him in a tin can
in your makes you actually
sapling uh...
really
all your cats makes me wet
max
the porno mix
i do not want to play dvd right here myself
we need a ridge racer announcer we need a replies from a tracer i like that one
you dance like a drug and crack or you are a drug and crack or get out of here
step like a dog pisses bitch better have my money you step like dog piss well
let's just you know what come to think of it I know DCB isn't here I don't see
him in the chat room tonight but we ought to just take out the announcer
just put in Wesley Willis clips welcome over London welcome Chicago nobody's
gonna get that sorry I apologize for killing the topic I where do they get
off charging $1,500 for this each they don't I don't know unless they're
selling full machines, no upgrade is worth that.
We didn't talk about some of the fabulous songs that you can play in DDR Top Hits.
Let's name some of these gems, shall we?
Featuring top US artist Britney Spears with Boyz and Crazy.
Oh, Boyz.
I haven't heard Boyz, but, you know, Crazy, maybe, but those aren't exactly, you know,
let's see, whoops, she did it again, or what was the other one that she did?
Who cares?
Boyz was a song that she played in Goldmember.
Beyonce Knowles, Work It Out.
Isn't that a rather new song?
I thought that song just came out a little while ago, so they've been working on this
right up till right now.
How you let me know, Out of My Head and Fia.
Eminem Without Me, Pink Most Girls, Ricky Martin, Cup O' Life, La Vida Loca, She Bangs.
Now see, the people who worked on this obviously have a Ricky Martin fetish, because there's
more Ricky Martin than anything else in here.
You know, most of the songs on there I've never heard.
Ricky Ma-an.
Cup O' Life sucks, Livin' La Vida Loca's crap, and She Bangs is shit.
Although, don't you want to say that you danced to She Bangs?
Actually, Couple Life and Lavita Loka I have her because I have Samba de Amigo.
Imagine the video for She Bangs.
We'll get the fucking-
Wait, are you gonna make new movies for the Loki mix or whatever?
Actually, I was thinking of putting 2DX videos for some of them in there.
But yeah, we could put random videos, we could have the ferret in there, I don't know.
the fuck we wanted. This is pretty much what we wanted to do. I'm actually surprised that
they're going to go and actually do something. We'll just rob like Captain Jack. Go! Let's
go! Let's go! Let's go! I'm just surprised that they're actually willing to do something
like this. I mean, that's kind of ballsy, I would think, just to say, you know what?
We're just going to put some heck fucking arcade game in our arcade. I don't know if
jason nino saw that
someone your hack makes jason ninos cry
all i gotta say though is if they're gonna fucking punish me just give me a
fucking job at konami seriously
i mean oh is this what the point is minded to say
either you're gonna hire me or i'm gonna fuck you up
this is what this is what it's gonna say is
well if you're gonna take so long to make a fucking you know ddr mix and you
say i'm gonna do it for you and then i'm gonna say hi you suck because my mix
owns all of you and you just suck ass. Oh, look at this. My mix is more popular than
the extreme machine in Scandia. Oh, you suck. That's what's going to end up happening. This
is what people are going, oh, extreme sucks ass. I'm going over here and playing a thousand
songs. Oh, wait. Oh, oh, oh, look. You know, this ace sucks ass on the machine over here.
Let's play the big money ruler, Seth. You have fun.
How about Mr. Spanky Mix? Mr. Spanky. You know, I was thinking, well, if we got DDR
I don't know how hard it would be to convert the characters over from DDRPC, but we could
put Mr. Spanky in training mode, maybe.
Alright.
We'll put a video in the background with him whipping Betty or some, or no, Betty whipping
him because he looks like a bitch.
Nellie with Hotten here.
Destiny's Child, Christina Aguilera, Mariah Carey, Robbie Williams, Shakira, and many
more.
Mariah Carey, crap right there.
I'm sure it'll be as wonderful as Glitter.
It'll be as wonderful as the DDR 5th Mix Solo also.
All right.
Oh, yes, the DDR 5th Mix Solo.
What the hell was that all about?
Did anybody ever purchase that to see if it worked or anything?
No, but it's probably the same thing.
Laser Force should die.
All right.
Let's see.
They didn't they didn't hack all the songs in this though. They got butterfly. They left him butterfly for whatever reason because butterfly is puppy fun
I guess
All right
We're gonna take a real quick break as promised
I'm gonna play that song that I did my very first step file for because
Yeah
I'm a co-host on this show and I can do things like that when I want and
Then we'll hear some other stuff and we're gonna come back and talk about more fun things
Oh, we have a new game to play tonight. Maybe we'll do that after the break. I don't know. We'll see
We'll see if you guys have been good or not. You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We will be
We'll be right back, everybody.
Well, your child may find what's in it, but half of he used to smile again, and once
he leaves the night, he'll turn and turn around, and he'll begin to change, he didn't
I've got energy, didn't think it's strange
But then it got a call
It helped me leap on my feet
It couldn't stay too much
I had a dream
You're like me, don't be too happy
If you get up, it's not to be out of touch
Give it up, give it up, give it up
I got the beat and I ride it I got the beat and I ride it
Rock the party, rock the party, rock the party Higher than higher
I'm burning like a fire Higher and higher
I'm breaking higher
Stop screaming and try to look hard I get my body up, you get that beat hard
I'm a veteran now, which means that I've been
In the game two more, six days, I think I've been
Way back when, I've been putting it down
Asking how long it was the baddest bitch on this side of town
I float like a butterfly, sing like a real
Spectacular woman in my city
I don't propose for never giving it less than the best
Lots of ears in the game, that's your request
You like to rhyme, I can't be there
I can't compete, so I don't care
Why that's me, leave it to me
What a real MC is supposed to be
Fucking me up every time that I drop a fucking bullet baby
I done took the spot, I got the beat
And I rock the party, rock the party, rock the party
Higher and higher
I'm doing it like fire
Higher and higher
I'll take you higher
Stand up, stand up, start your fight, start shutting down
Get up, stand up, start your perception
Get up, stand up, start your perception
Get up, stand up
How you gonna be the attraction
I want you, if you wanna stay to the wall
Ride yourself, a piece of reaction
You got to get out the level, make the big fail
Get out, you know we got to go
Get out the level, dance along down the road
Here we go, here we go
Stand up, stretch up, focus up, show up Get up, stand up
What's with you and there in a corner? Like a window, sitting by yourself in the dark
You don't really wanna be your no-no
Come on now, get up and dance that ass in your pit
And please take a moment to get your feet
And raise your feet to the most there's no beat
That's, that's, that's, that's why, that's why
Get up, stand up, stretch up, focus up, show up
Every time I hear your voice
Baby, every day and every night
Touch me with your love and give me satisfaction
And now here's something we hope you'll really like
Mr. Spanky's Tips of the Week
Hello everybody, this is Mr. Spanky
hope you're enjoying getting to play me in the newest version of DDR PC and now
I'd like to present to everybody out there mr. Spanky tip of the week today
we're gonna talk about planning a masturbation party because everybody
knows that mr. Spanky likes to attend masturbation parties with his friend
Betty. Mr. Spanky would like to remind you that when you're planning a
master basin party, do not forget the latex. You should get several boxes of
latex gloves, as well as a wide variety of condoms, both lubricated and
unlubricated. Also, pick up some dental dams. Even if people keep to themselves,
themselves, the latex can add a new dimension to the fun. If the masturbation gets interactive,
the latex is absolutely necessary to keep things safe. Are you enjoying my masturbation
pimp, Dark Sakura?
Are you enjoying my masturbation pimp, Loki?
I was just checking thank you, I've been a naughty boy this week.
I'd also like to remind you to lube it up, get plenty of water-based lubricants.
You may want to opt for single-use packets rather than big bottles.
It will cost a little more, but it's a lot neater and cleaner, and guests will be happy
to have their own lube supplies.
I'd also like to remind you to cover your furniture and even the floor with sinks, so
that will make people more comfortable and help keep things tidy.
You like to keep things neat when you masturbate, don't you?
Lastly, Mr. Spanky would like to urge you to clean up, because nobody likes a messy
masturbation thing. And we all know that a masturbation party can be quite a mess, especially
if you're masturbating to DVR in the nude. That's really messy. Remember folks, don't
let DVR be your bitch. Remember to use baby wipes, tissues, and paper towels, and they
They should be provided in abundance.
You need to use these things to clean Mr. Spanky's bank.
Things are bound to get messy,
but having the necessities immediately at hand
can decrease the carnage considerably.
You should also set up several trash cans around the play area.
Line them up with plastic bags for easy and safe disposal.
Remember to take inventory or in sex ways, in case something gets lodged somewhere and you lose them.
Excuse me. Excuse me. Is your name Mr. Spanky? No, I'm Mr. Spanky and these are my tips.
Oh, someone's a little pissed off. Did someone get hamster stuck up their sphincter and just kind of forget about it?
Were you at that party? I didn't see you at that party. Oh, you were one of the masked people, weren't you? Oh, I understand.
Is your name Valencia?
That does it for Mr. Spanky's tips of the week.
Please enjoy me in the new DDR character pack number 9 for DDR PC.
And now, I'm taking you back to that crappy radio show.
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Can you hear what I'm saying?
Well, this time they'll take a man, they'll watch him back
I'm gonna kick your ass, beat him, kill him all
Tom, what am I gonna do? Tom, what am I gonna do?
Tom, what am I gonna do? Tom, Tom
Have you ever seen a cool game like this?
We don't here
Here to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
It's really funny.
They should put the catch-up song in DDR, please look, please, please, please.
Actually, that was one of the songs planned to be in there.
Alright, cool.
Anyway.
It's going to be a long, long, long time before we ever see anything, though, right?
I plan on saying, yeah, at least, at least six months.
At least.
At least.
All right.
Well, we'll be looking forward to that.
We'll see updates as they go.
Anywho, it's funny, the catch-up song, there's another funny story I have about that.
Last night I was out at the club, and the DJ put that on as the very last song and says,
I really hate this song, but I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
And then nobody knew the catch-up dance though.
I wish Dave had been there so he could have done the catch-up dance, because he's the
only person I know that knows it.
I only know this.
Anyway.
That's my catch-up story, thank you.
Chat room is reeling over Mr. Spanky's sex tips.
We had somebody set themselves on fire.
Alright.
So without further ado, I'm going to ask everybody in the chat room right now.
It is that time of the show.
I'm sorry.
It's happy time!
they don't count. Or you can send them to email. You can send them over email to orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And I have to ask Jamie now, do we want the terror mix of Slagwerk or do we want the original?
Let's go for the terror mix. We want the terror mix, so I need to find it. So we're gonna
have a new Fuck You song for Jamie. But it's always going to still be Slagwerk. It will
always be Slagwerk. I will never not use the Tac song. Yes, you'll get Jenny Rom JB, I
Alright, here we go. It's time for the Fuck You's of the Week!
Okay, let's...
Well, we have to go for it.
This is fucked up.
Okay.
The first Fuck You of the Week goes to Walgreens for not having chocolate cupcakes.
Everybody here knows that chocolate cupcakes are my crack food.
Well, they didn't have them. They had chocolate zingers, which I think are becoming my new crack food. Anyway!
So, I'm not as sufficiently wired as I could be, although I almost finished a ball of Propel, which fuck you to Mr. Spanky for making me nearly choke on my Propel, okay?
Um, let's see, I...
Yeah, I think, I think he likes to choke. Yeah, Mr. Spanky, from what I hear, enjoys choking.
Um, another fuck you goes toward, um, the shitty week I had, because I just felt shitty and PMS-y, and that sucked.
That, actually, you know, that was bad.
Um, my other fuck you is a very, very serious fuck you, um, it goes toward drama queens.
Not all drama queens are bad lying to you, but then there's the people who complain about their life and then don't do shit to change it.
If you hate your life, do something about it! If you want change to happen, go make it fucking happen!
You know, it may not be instant, but you don't have a right to bitch unless you start doing something about it, okay?
That's what I want to say about that.
And on a happier note, um...
Do you need to be happy bunny plushies and fuck them for not making me?
I did see a happy bunny doll once.
Somewhere. I don't remember. It was on a hot topic, I think.
Oh, I'm a happy bunny plushie.
Oh, we'll find you one for Christmas.
Alright.
One more thing, Johnny the homicidal maniac is cool.
I'm not getting many fuck yous of the week in the chat room, this is kind of surprising.
I've seen one pop up so far, usually there's like 20.
Just another reminder, send them all on your way.
Unless you're sending them over email, that's fine too.
OrangeLoungeRadio at yahoo.com
They need happy noodle boy flushes.
Moving along, Loki, your fuck yous of the week please.
Oh boy.
Okay, let's begin with that hellhole that we call Sun Splash, or Arviggle for all those.
What did they do this time?
Okay, well I went there two days this week, that was probably mistake number one.
First day I go there, there's some dumbass behind the counter, I want, you know, soda.
You stand there, kind of, you know, dead to the world, so I see the bell, and I press the bell.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. I do that for about two minutes.
And it finally goes, oh, oh, oh, and just sees me there.
So then, I'm like, OK, can I get a large surge?
We don't have surge anymore, so fuck them for not having
surge, and fuck that stupid idiot.
Fuck them for hiring dumbass people.
Why the hell they have dumbass kids working
at this stupid place?
I swear.
And fuck them today for not fucking refilling the machine
fast enough with tickets because I keep kicking ass
at stupid speed demon.
So fuck them for that, and just fuck them for not keeping
the machines up because they suck ass. So I hate them, that's fine. Now the next thing
I have for you before is SQS, also known as Stupid Question Syndrome. These stupid people
out there, they ask you really dumb obvious questions. For instance, when I'm playing
the machine, I have a giant stash of tickets in there. Did you win those from that machine
there? Yeah. That's why they're coming out the machine. That's why there's a big pile
pilot dutch the machine on the floor. I won them for that machine. How did you do that?
Because I won them, you fucking idiot. Also for people to drive below the speed limit.
The speed limit's posted there, so you drive faster than it. It's a goal, you know, you
want to achieve better than the speed limit. But these people, they're just like, oh, the
speed limit. They stay away from it like it's like a fucking leper or something like that,
you know? Just stay away from that piece of shit, and they drive 20 under the speed limit.
like trying to swerve around them and shit. I hate them. I hate slow people. I hate slow
people mentally. I hate slow people in automobiles. May they all die. Fucking A. I swear they
should give me, you know, fucking license to kill. I would save the world. Just eliminate
the fucking weakness of our damn society. Kill the stupid people! Kill them all!
Yeah, but without stupid people it would give us smart people any kind of meaning.
There has to be a balance.
We'll just lock them up in little pens.
Yeah, but right now it's like 9 to 10 or 9 to 1 or something like that, you know?
You have 9 stupid people and you have 1 smart person.
9 stupid people, 1 smart person.
I'd say we just like drop it down to 3 to 1.
I know something like that.
Yeah, so they all suck. I hate them.
Stupid people are meant to be peons of the smart.
We order them around, they fight our worst for us.
Yeah, but then they're stupid, they get in our way, and they annoy me, and they ask me stupid questions, and just...
I hate them. I hate them all.
They should die.
Fucking die!
You want all their balls to die.
Yes.
Um, that's, yeah, that's pretty much it.
F you two fortune cookies and tell me to kill my relatives.
Because, uh, I don't like that. That's not cool.
and uh... yet what you think that it's not
fortunes are these
you'll hear a larger
large sum of money from your relatives
okay
who have to die for me
that's what told me it
communicate to me
killed relatives until you find one of our money
so i guess i've got to do you know
i got one today is like being
that wisdom does
wisdom is rare
I forget what the fucking thing said, but it basically called me uglier stupid, so the fuck that stupid fortune cookie.
Listen as rare as Asian beauty.
See, it said I'm stupid! It said I'm stupid! May they die!
Anyways, that's it.
It didn't say you're stupid, it said you didn't have any common sense.
SEND THEM STUPID! STUPID!
I think Rob's next.
Yes, I'm next although I don't remember like
All of my FUs of the week, but I remember my first one my first FU of the week
I hope you're listening. My first FU of the week goes to Brad
You jerk
Yesterday we went to Scandia and we started playing Oni mode and keep in mind
I haven't played DDR in about three weeks by the way, and I'm like, oh, I'll play Oni mode with Brad and I said Brad
I'm willing to do any oni in the game except love revenge because I always fail Japan like in five seconds because I can't ever
Get those gallops. Shut up. Stop laughing at me. Fuck you
So, of course, what does Brad decide to pick he picks the oni now key featuring Polteri
I'm going to double this
I had to listen to this.
So fuck Brad!
I hate you, I'm just kidding.
I love you Brad!
But not too much, Irene's watching.
I'd also like to say F you to being tired, because I was really tired at the
club last night, and that's just not cool to go to a club and feel like you're
dancing like a zombie. Unless you're at a golf club, then you know, that's what you're supposed to be doing.
I'd like to say F you to not doing a damn thing this week, really, I just kind of
the
i would have been at four thirty in the morning i woke up at four four
for his four thirty this afternoon
so if you sleep twelve hours because we're waiting for the meeting
flight
that's true you get my song and i will process
if you were up to be here
when i got here and wait half an hour
oh yes uh... f you to me sleeping in so long that it took me awhile to get jamie
and look he had to wait out here in the cold in front of my house for half hour
but i thought i'd have to look at you see probably a barbecue stick up my
whole house at all
i thought it's not
i didn't have to do
all right
let's go around the room and
listen to some other fuck you's of the week
JB do you have any fuck you's of the week
people but at least you're not on unemployment
i know there are so at least you're not you reach it for the system and i don't
know you know you're okay
uh...
but he's
people who
who've got all the time
you like to see
was stopped by the road
there's some of the other road
I must look, and stare, and slow down, and slow everyone else down!
At least it usually clears up in the miles.
Alright, that's it?
Pretty much.
Alright, cool.
Oh, yes.
Bogey!
Real quick one.
F used his stupid kid at Sun Splash today that keeps trying to talk to me.
I don't want to talk to him, so I ignore him.
I walk around.
I don't talk to him.
I don't make eye contact with him.
I wish he would just die.
And stop talking to me!
trying to talk to me
if you'd like to be carol saying you gotta be a little louder
if you do
sure that's not mister stanky son
but the wearing leather
all right let's go on to the uh... chat room in email after you shall we
Good God, Twen, you've got too many FUs. I'm reading some of these.
A lot of FUs to Justin for being Jenny Rom's bitch and not his and not sending him Jenny Rom songs.
FU to people at the arcade literally hanging on the PVP machine. FU to still having dial-up.
FU to Jenny Rom songs being hard to find.
FU to Mr. Spanky, finally someone with his opinions.
And FU to no one using the new V host he set up for the chat room.
FU to... oh no, that's not an FU. That's a happy FU. I don't read happy things on this show, so FU twin.
Skyline says FU to germs for making him sick. That does suck. I hate being sick. I was sick a couple weeks ago.
Oh, Black Lab has a few FUs. I better restart the song. This is going to be long.
Fuck that Mr. Spanky thing. I've been internally soiled. I hate you.
Mr. Spanky says you're welcome.
Fuck the UCD library for only having one copy of every book, so some of the books I needed weren't in stock.
Fuck the drama that my suitemates are getting into with other people, and fuck the MGL- oh, that's not very nice.
Well, okay, he says fuck himself because he has two finals and can't go to the MGL tournament on Friday the 13th, I guess.
darktentorias says, F you for still having the same Vanessa May song for the longest time now.
now we need to work on their never getting rid of death will never get rid
of destiny but we might have something else that you know i know we won't
red-hot in there
i want to have a chill in there but i think it's a little too fast
we shall see
and if you see the bastard keeps outbidding me on my japanese play
station to it's my bitch
back there
all right
Oh, you have another one, Jamie, yes.
I'd like you to my Para Para controller for not working, thank you.
vidpower says, F you to viruses, I had a cold all week and I started running a
small fever.
I also have a sore throat from it, also F you to the sun
for having glare on the Beatmania 2DX machine and making the screen even harder
to see.
At least you have a Beatmania 2DX machine in town, F you.
slinky says f u to the metreon pads for sticking
what do you expect
why are you playing at the metreon it's like two bucks a game fuck the metreon for
charging that much for a piece of shit edr USA
actually they have max twos upstairs now
who cares
just wanted to point that out
uh...
Let's see. Oh, he went to the auto show today.
Oh, look, he says that's OK.
Brack 2000 says, F you to lost ketchup for existing.
Yes. If you don't know, they're the ladies that sing the ketchup song.
Basically stole that song from the Sugarhill Gang, by the way.
That's just it's a sample of rapper's delight.
F you to the closest DDR machine being 40 miles away.
Crap, that does suck. I'm sorry.
I have had a cry for you just now.
I drove out to Roseville, Bethlehem, 40 miles every week to play DDR, so screw you, I don't care.
But if you wanted to, you could go to Tapioca Express.
Not when I first came out here.
That's right.
That's the USA day.
I first started playing this.
23rd Magus says, F you to Afrinova Primeval, which he passed with 1 10th of a bar left. Also F you to Nori Nori Nori for obvious reasons. Oh, that happens to be the song I'm playing right now.
It was me and Wanda the first time I passed it, and uh, their name here. I had like half my uh, actually I had, you know how on Fismics they have the little tiny bars that equal the whole bar? I had half of one of those left.
We love the fire, we love the fire
p0k3smot42o
stuff
where we change the password
same one is what you're
oh yes tell everybody about the larger community remind our we have a lot of
general community
it's called
or else
pop-up
because you live general dot com
slash users slash orange balance
you get to look at our crap everyday
and it's interesting
Alright.
F you to Yahoo for sending me spam.
We have spam in our mailbox right now and it looks like I wrote a note to myself in
there too which I already took care of so I can delete those.
So let's open up this email from Dave who isn't here tonight and he sent us an email
saying I'm not there.
He says read this word for word, we'll see.
Well sorry I couldn't be there this week so a big F you to both my parents for taking
me to Big Sur which blows ass.
What is Big Sur?
Waterbed floor.
Okay.
It's on the coast? What do they do there?
I don't know. I think that's where they have, like, surfing companies.
Okay.
Oh, a surf's up, dude!
No, when I lived in Alabama, there's a waterbed store called Big Sur Waterbeds.
Wait, Loki, in the mic.
Big Sur's a fucking campground. It's in, like, the coast.
Alright, it's like a forest or some shit like that.
We need to take this show to the wilderness!
I've never heard of that place. I always knew of it as being a waterbed store.
I was going to drive down past there, but fuck you to the Sacramento Tract, so I had to go to the mountains, and that was cool.
Because I had to do that before snow came to the mountains and stuff.
Bradley, by the way, is the king of impromptu road trips. The king. I'm sorry, JB?
The name of that one would be where they have a place like, lower or something, where they camp out.
Orange Lounge and Blair Witch Project, thank you.
Fuck, fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck was that, fuck this, fuck that!
That was basically the Blair Witch Project in ten seconds, thank you.
Mr. Spanky Project!
the
moving on with a female uh...
actually i don't know how bad or good it is because i'm writing this on a tuesday
morning thinking of how it's going to suck ass
well a future f you to rob for uh... having the show without me
you're welcome
f you to low-key for um... i don't know just not being in the m r c chat he's
been in a lot more this week though so
haha
And oh, if you want to join our IRC chat, just go to any other site, IRC server, and
it's channel pound orange lounge, or it's on most of the same servers as the other big
Bobani chat rooms.
How cute.
I was there last night, and the only person there was Black Lab, so...
Oh, well, you were there for a second.
You were idling.
I was asleep.
I was downloading stuff.
And also, FYI, you can get to the chat room directly through our website.
We have a Java chat.
you that just don't have the time to set up M.I.R.C. or don't want to or you're on a work
computer. I don't know why the hell you'd be at work on a Sunday night, but it is Monday
morning in some countries. You know we don't have Java on my work computer?
I can't run it. Anyway, you can do that directly through our website. Orangelounge.skiu.cx.
F you to Jamie for eating my taquitos a while ago. Dude, you left in here, butthole. Okay,
It's about it, maybe more later.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, was our FUs of the week.
Oh wait, I got one more! I got one more, I'm sorry.
I have to find a special song for this FU too, I'm sorry.
Just give me one minute here.
Okay.
Here we go.
Sorry, I will take a break right after this FU.
FU to Internet Drama from DCB.
Thank you.
I don't know if you can hear, but we're playing Wesley Willis for you in the background.
All right,
because Jamie has to pee, we're going to take a quick break, and we will be right back.
And when we come back,
the Bamani Cage Match, a brand new game
we're going to play here
on the show. Your votes will determine
what the next song to go into Orange Lounge Playlist rotation during the
The Bahmani Music and More program, which plays when we're not on this station, will be.
And, uh, yeah. So, in the meantime, enjoy some Guitar Freaks music.
Yay.
You're just standing there with your arms folded like you couldn't care
Even before you glance at me, I already felt the chemistry
I don't know what it is about you That's got me feelin' mesmerized
And I think I won't let you get away Boy, you're the lucky one
I don't need you, cause the truth is Got my hands full of fatties
But I want you, don't put you at every very top of my list
In the dark of the night and I want you there, there
I don't need you, cause the truth is, got my hands full of fatties
But I want you, gonna put you at the very very top of my list
Yeah, I want you, gonna have you, and that's the way it is
Yeah, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy
Hangouts!
oh
Oh, chicka chicka boom
C'mon baby
Chicka
Chicka boom
I'm sure that you do
Chica Chica Boom
Come on
Shout out everything, it's being funny
We all do the things we wanna do
Shout out our last dance, we're not in a way
But it's time to play
So when the sky is blue
And the fire's out for me too
So make me feel the light
You will be the light
My girl, my girl
Feel the heat of my girl, my girl
I wanna kiss you
My girl, my girl
Drop me crazy
My girl, my girl, you believe in us My girl, my girl, I wanna get you
My girl, my girl, drop me crazy Give me one question tonight
I'm gonna get you
Bum-bum-dee-gup-boo, let us in tonight
Bum-bum-dee-gup-boo, hit it day and tonight
Bum-bum-dee-gup-boo, let us in tonight
We all do the things you wanna do Shout out to the fans, they're not in wait
But it's time to play
So baby, come on!
Fun Fun, Peek-a-boo
Let's share the new life
Fun Fun, Peek-a-boo
It's the best day of the night
Fun Fun, Peek-a-boo
Let's share the new life
Fun Fun, Peek-a-boo
Bum, bum, cheek-a-boo To get a better tomorrow
Bum, bum, cheek-a-boo To spend the day and the night
Bum, bum, cheek-a-boo To get a bigger soul
Go, go, baby, go!
Boom Boom Cheek-a-boom
It's a pretty day of the night
Boom Boom Cheek-a-boom
Just gotta sing it's song
Go, go baby, go!
Here we go!
Oh
Oh no!
Oh no!
It's me!
Music
Orange Lounge Radio with the Bing Pong Ball!
I need some good cage match music. What's a good cage match song?
Something 2DX-ish. I'm thinking something kind of...
QQQ
Ooh, I don't know if I have We Will Rock You. I might.
I think I have one of the other Queen covers in another directory.
How about, like, uh...
Radical Aid?
Okay, alright, that'll work.
Oh, Slag works for another segment, don't you think?
And then Electrotuned.
Do you have Electrotune?
I have everything, I just have everything.
I think?
You could play Tengoku no Kiss.
How about Holic?
It's a good song.
How about Holic?
Holic will work.
What?
What?
What?
What, JB, what?
Get out!
You are banned from the show!
just admitted that he does not like Jake that does not like tag oh he likes QQQ
all right I think Clifford that absolutely the Clifford ball at him the
Clifford ball of justice has been tossed to JB without further ado the bamani cage
match now since the first time we've done the bamani cage match what this is
gonna be all about is we're gonna play you two songs and they aren't from any
the money can't play that out front they're not running for money but they
have something to do with
either a bamani artist
a bamani uh... some kind of money relations like uh... another cover of a
bamani solid another dance maniacs
dance track
or it's just kind of video game related
because tonight we have one song that's five an artist that somewhat related to
ddr and we have a song this video game related so what we do is we take two
songs, put them together, and you guys will vote which one's good and which one is not
so good. And whichever one is voted in will be added to the playlist for the future. So
the Monty Michigan More Program all week long it will be in the playlist, and maybe for
a little, maybe we'll actually keep it in for a month, I don't know.
Yeah, the winner wins. Yes. The winner is then challenged next week by a new song, and
if the new song beats the winner out, then it plays for the week, otherwise the winner
The winner will stay on and play for the next week.
It's really different all the way through.
Well, what do you guys think?
I don't know.
Full song?
Okay, we'll do this.
We'll do this.
We'll, um, well, okay, we'll just, we'll do the whole thing.
So, what we're going to do, though, is we're not going to go into that right just yet.
We'll go to another topic on the program and kind of do that as our next break.
You want to do it now?
All right, we'll do it now.
Okay, so the two songs we're going to match up tonight in the Big Milani Cage match.
Oop, not Viv ribbon, my bad.
Maybe that'll be next week though.
Okay, the two songs are the Zippers with All Around the World, the bubble mix.
And for those that don't know who the Zippers are, well, JB, you're the expert.
Why don't you tell everybody who the Zippers are and what they've done in DDR.
The Zippers were Jenny Rom versus Zippers and they did Wakka Wakka.
And you can't really tell the difference between them, because they both sound exactly the same.
Okay, and the second song that we're going to have playing is going to be, it's actually
an overclock remix done by Final Fantasy, or FFMusicDJ.
It's Final Fantasy VII String Machine, the Corel Prison Mix.
Corel or Corel, whatever.
So first we're going to play, and then you'll also get to get our opinion, since we have
to participate in this somehow. We're not getting to vote in this. You're gonna get
our big fat opinions on this. We're gonna be like the American Idol judges on these
songs. So if they suck, we're gonna let you know. So we're putting on our judging faces
right now. So, and then once we've given you our opinions on the songs, you'll be able
to vote. Now here's the thing. Don't vote until they've both been played or your vote
doesn't count. I'm not counting any votes that come in until the second song has finished
completely. Yes, they're saying they can't hear you on the air, JB. You wanna scream
something at the chair? Ah! Brilliant. All right, so here we go, starting off the Bemani
cage match. This is the zippers with All Around the World.
Come on, come on, come on, we wanna get some fun all around the world
Let's play some in this magical land, you know
Hey boy, come on, this is a silly sound, so are you
Oh yeah, we gonna get some fun all around the world
We wanna sing, we wanna dance Get up and dance, like it's a show
Everybody ring and play the band To catch some fun all around the world
A little thing is easy to sing A lullaby will make you smile
Everybody sing, sing this melody For every song all around the world
Oh what I want to learn, a music to learn
Boom boom your heart and body
La la la magic to learn, a love even nice
A beautiful day to remind you
Everybody bang bang bang
Look who knocked off your head
Say the song song song
We won't worry anymore
Everybody bang bang bang
Look who knocked off your head
Say the song song song song for you
Life is a show, everybody read
And play the best, to get some fun
All around the world
A little thing, easy to see
A lullaby, will make you fly
Everybody sing, sing this melody
For any fun, all around the world
On a wonderland, a music land
When your heart can't part in
Like my love, I'm magic incomprehensive
I love you less
So beautiful things we're like
Everybody, bang bang bang
How are you?
og
How are you?
I see you, song, song, song
We won't worry anymore
Everybody, bang bang bang
How are you?
I see you, song, song, song
And you
Everybody, bang bang bang
How are you?
I see you, song, song, song
We won't worry anymore, everybody's bang, bang, bang
You're gonna have to have a little fun, fun, fun for me
This is a silly song for you This is a silly song for you
This song makes me want to kill people.
one-to-ten jamie
i'd give it a start
uh... i have to say that you know i really hated
that's all around the world but he
but i like that
uh... seal you like that sort of like this on
not to keep people
if u
uh...
by going on
all right they'd be
you like it doesn't save them
i've heard a bradley your thoughts on that song
okay but
going on and on the same
it's going to come to my brain
loads
over more hours a day
when you've got the postal
or back
i agree my thoughts are was very happy happy happy happy it was kind of like
nauseatingly happy at the beginning was bad but
I could deal with it. It's not that bad. It's kind of, it's a nice, nice change of pace
from, you know, meanness. Nice? In what dictionary? Are you going to notthedictionary.com? No,
that's what makes me want to go out and kill people. And sing while I'm doing it. Alright,
so... It makes me happy noodle boy happy. Alright, going around the room, quick, scale
of one to ten. What do you think? Uh... Logie? 1.5. 1.5. Bradley? Probably about four. Probably
JB. Ten. I will give it a six. I'll give it a six. Alright. So that was Zippers all around the world.
Here's the second song in the Cage Match. This is by Final Fantasy Music DJ. It's an overclocked remix.
This is the Final Fantasy VII String Machine, here on the Bomani Cage match.
That was fucking cool.
It's the Balani Cage match going on right now.
You can start sending in your votes right now via the chatroom or our email, orangeloungeradio
at yahoo.com and it is once again the zippers with all around the world was
the first song we played and that song was Final Fantasy music DJ an overclocked
remix of Final Fantasy 7 string machine so let's talk about what we thought of
the Final Fantasy string machine Jamie your thoughts we love it
Loki of course love it it's one of the best Final Fantasy music remixes I've
ever heard which song was I couldn't recognize what song it was I guess it's
suppose it's yet for our present from
and i i i think in record
to me that i think you're a good thing
uh... okay
uh... i think that i think that that's what that's all they could be
bradley about them
critical
all right you like it to be your thoughts
axes that he had the accident figures
but of course he's a he's a cheney rom horse of course you have to do it
not happy enough for.
If it had that and then went, we, we, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, we wouldn't have
liked it.
My thoughts on that song were that it's kind of, I like the trance type, I'm a horror for
that trancey kind of music.
Somebody in the chat room, let's go over, oh, let's go over, well, I'll talk for a second.
Somebody in the chat room, though, said that it sounds like something from Fantasia, I
really agree with that.
It does sound like kind of a Fantasia track.
I think that's very cool, although it's a little bit kind of repetitive for my taste,
I don't know.
I found it to be a little bit repetitive.
So that's my only issue with it.
So scale of one to ten, Jamie, what do you think?
Nine.
Nine.
Loki.
Ten.
Ten.
Bradley.
Eight.
JB.
Four.
I'm gonna give it a seven.
So, it sounds like that song would win if we were the people voting, but we're not because
this is everybody's show.
It's not just our show.
It's a chatroom show, an email show.
So send in your votes right now via the chatroom or our email address, orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com.
If you want the zippers to win or you want the Final Fantasy VII string machine to win.
That's it. That's my Kate's match. We'll have the results for you after the next break.
This is just a little message to vote for Final Fantasy.
In the meantime...
The ferret commands it.
Let's talk about another big event that happened this week.
The ferret likes JB better.
The ferret likes JB better, what?
I think the ferret likes JB better.
Everybody can vote for zippers.
The ferret wants everybody to vote for zippers, you said.
Alright.
Alright, we'll get to the results after the next break.
That's it. That's it.
I don't want to go back into musical. We've got so much to talk about here
Big news this week big Bahmani holiday
19 November and 20 November were both this week and we had some very big things happen Jamie
Tell us about I feel you want to talk about 20 November in its honor on 2dx. Oh, yes
I'd like to just I guess consider or just
Basically say 1920 November would pretty much be the Bahmani New Year's
years. That's pretty much what it is since 20 November was pretty much the start of the
whole Bimani line with BeatMania, so I would consider it the New Year's.
I don't know if I consider it New Year's, it's not a big party, it's just kind of like
a day of remembrance. It's Bimani Veterans Day.
It's just like Chinese New Year's, I mean no one celebrates that.
Well the Chinese do I think. Oh yeah, like they count, okay.
They're only like, you know, I think a quarter of the world's population.
Who cares? That's pretty much what it is. It's an uncelebrated holiday.
It's like Arbor Day.
Okay, so it's the Bamani Arbor Day.
Plant a Bamani machine.
So what were some big events that happened in the community?
I know you know of one. Jamie, you want to talk about this earlier?
I got online and they were like...
The show wasn't there, it was like robbed.
Oh yeah, Orange Islands Radio did a celebration.
Very late on 19 November around 11.30 we kind of had a countdown until 20 November did some music.
And we had video game guessing.
Yes, and then 20 November was celebrated guessing old school 8-bit video game tunes.
Which is why you should be listening to Orange Lawn's radio all the time.
Yes, half your life like us.
Sometimes you get to hear special live music programs. They happen occasionally. We call them the fuck-offs.
The ferret commands it.
The ferret commands that you listen to. The chat room demands it.
I haven't said that yet tonight, so I needed to.
A couple website re-enovations or relaunches this week, Jamie?
Let's hear it for ddrspot.com.
Weee!
Hey, ddrspot.com.
We've got a lot of buddies there, Mel B. I would call a frequent guest of this show at
this point, Mel B. He's a big part of that team, so I know he's very proud of it.
People who were really good with helping, those of us who were working with our tournament
Shaft. Big shout out to Mike Noh and AJ for encoding the videos and putting them up on
DDR Spot. So hey, you can see what our Scandio looks like if you go there and download them.
And the whole group of people with DDR Spot, they're really cool people. So you can also
go get ringtones. I think they're all Nokia ringtones of all.
I can't use the Nokia ringtones and that makes me cry. But we wanted to play your ringtone,
didn't we?
Well, my ringtone's not Beymani, but...
Well, let's play your ringtone anyway, because we wanted to do this.
So I'm going to call you right now, Jamie. No, I can just play it. Oh, you can just play it?
Never mind. Don't give me any voicemail, dammit.
My ringtone is cooler than everybody.
I'm trying to see if anybody in the chat room is going to recognize it.
I'll play it again.
No, you will play it again, apparently.
I will too.
Vidpower says it's Chun-Li's stage.
WRONG!
Oh, 23rd Magus says that too.
you know
no not only my girl
uh... for those in the chair of the couldn't guess it what do you think what
is it jamie
it's sacrosanct song sakura theme song right now i thought that sakras theme
i hate to meet okay i hate to meet so close yet so far you almost had a heat
hurt
okay here's my ring tone it's not the money related at all
wasn't playing
Oh, because my vibrate's on. Whoops, my bad.
Yeah, Rob's pocket vibrator.
Yes, my cell phone doubles as a vibrator.
Every call is a happy call.
My cell phone doubles as a vibrator. It's quite exciting.
Oh, that doesn't work.
What happened?
Those are my magical ringtones here.
No, we can't guess what that is.
That's AfroNova, right?
No, it's a song called The Entertainer.
And I'm sure since there's this trend in Bimani to redo a bunch of classical songs in a Bimani
tune, I'm sure you'll see that tune up in a Bimani song one day.
If you play that song again you just go...
Whoa!
Dude!
It's a talker remix!
Yeah, hey, you should put that in your sim.
They need to do the bad synthy music and make it a pada-pada.
Stop playing with a ferret, give me that!
So yes, other 1920 November celebrations, in Japan I believe they released the code
to unlock eight styles hidden stuff, so now you don't have to...
We were thinking...
I can play Sakura and fail with style.
Yes, now you can play Sakura without having to AAA, you know, be for you on another heavy
whatever.
And then Xenon.
two brand new songs also.
But no tag.
No more tag.
Sorry, Jamie.
Don't poke me back, ferret.
You have to wait for Night Style.
You think there's going to be a Night Style?
Yeah, I think so too.
God yes.
God yes.
Give me the ferret.
I'm not sure if this happened exactly on 19-20 November, but another website news, 2DX Style
kind of got eaten up by BomaniStyle.com, right?
Was that earlier or what happened with that?
That's still last week.
That was last week.
My bad.
What? Didn't they kind of celebrate it?
Bomani style re-did their site, so that's another one.
I guess that's 20 November-ish, I don't know.
That's 19 November-ish.
Any other websites that re-did special things for 2020 November? I can't think of any that can.
DDR Spot was probably the biggest one.
DnR Maniacs deleted my account along with 2,000 other ones, so I guess that's 20 November related.
Sorta.
Big oops.
Happy 20 November!
Happy 20 November!
I went to bed and then I went to work. Yes, how did you
privately celebrate 20 November amongst ourselves in the room? What was your own
way of celebrating 20 November?
Well, first of all I went to bed and then I woke up and went to work
and instead of doing my work I talked on
my email with my friend in Maryland
and then I went home and I failed 20 November
in sixth style on seven key because it's a seven star and I can't pass any yet, although
close and then I put it away
and went online and posted on a bunch of message boards and then played Animal Crossing
and then I told you November again
yeah and I full comboed some songs but I forgot what they were
and I passed Fantasy. You go girl! I passed Fantasy and Light 7 on 4th style
alright that was like one of the last two songs I had to do but I fucking hate
Get On Beat thank you
Next.
Loki, how did you celebrate 20 November?
Oh, I did one more thing. I did one more thing.
I went to bed.
I played DDR at lunch.
That's it.
Alright, yes. Bradley, how did you celebrate 20 November?
Mmm, I didn't really do much of anything.
Bless me!
JP, how did you celebrate 20 November?
I secretly worshipped Jini Ram.
How's that different from any other day?
That means he had a faptastic time.
He had a faptastic 20 November, yes.
Thank you, Jamie.
How did I celebrate 20 November?
I went to work, I came home, I watched 24, I continued my three week streak of not playing
any DDR, jerked off and went to bed.
Just kidding.
Fascinating.
Or at least you'll never know.
Yes, Logie?
You know, I know this is really the wrong segment to be doing this.
That's alright.
But I just remembered another F.U. for the week.
And it goes...
Wait, wait, wait, you don't need to play the music.
You don't need to play the music.
Oh, fine.
Jamie demands I play the music. Therefore, I play the music.
F.U. to the Sac-Bomani server for fucking crashing constantly all this week.
That's it.
That's it.
Oh, also...
Yeah, but you can pay for any place to host us.
F you to sacmomani.com as well for not having the space on it to host the Orange Lounge
forums as well, because that kind of caused the crash, because I was kind of trying to
set up a little surprise for 20 November for Orange Lounge, and that kind of pushed us
over quota.
My bad.
No.
And F you for Rob for the...
My account got deleted yet again from another glitch I happen to be...
If you're the one that posts that causes the quota to get hit, then you get your account
deleted.
Lucky me!
Because I'm always online posting, whatever.
You got a bigger post count out of it, I think, anyway.
As if that stuff didn't...
Oh no, you didn't.
I don't know.
I guessed.
Not that matters.
You're still number one!
It don't matter!
Shit!
I'm 500 posts above anyone else.
We'll get you to your ho and back, lickety-split!
No shit!
We're going to take a quick break and we'll be back, and we're going to announce the winner
of the Bamani cage match.
There is still time to vote.
Just come to our chat room and vote via private message for the zippers with All Around the
World or the Final Fantasy VII string machine.
Or you can send it over email, orangelaungeradio.yahoo.com.
And there's a conversation in the chat room going on right now saying, I worked on a Brilliant
There's two vocal mixes of flotation, this is the other one that you don't normally hear
on Orange Lounge.
But you're going to hear it right now, so enjoy.
Follow me with a friend of mine Load away, leave it all behind
I'm not, you're always standing on my side of me
Standing on my side of me
Oh, oh, oh Proud of me
Oh, oh, oh Proud of me
Leave an end of mine, go away
Leave it all behind, follow me
Leave an end of mine, go away
Hello, hello, hello, hello.
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of
The Orange Lounge Bamani Music and More Show.
The music is like being transported to this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly. It's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 21.
And now it's time to reveal the winner of the Big Bamani Cage Match.
Tonight in the cage match we had the Zippers with All Around the World.
Let me play a little clip of that for you to remind you what this sounds like.
That was the Zippers with All Around the World.
And the other song we played was the Final Fantasy VII String Machine.
All right, those are the two songs that were in the cage match tonight, and I am pleased
to announce the winner is, by a pretty close vote, not too far apart, the winner is the
Final Fantasy VII String Machine, ladies and gentlemen.
All right.
People have taste.
You have renewed my faith in humanity.
So the Final Fantasy VII string machine will be added into the Orange Lounge playlist this
week.
So check for that during the Bimani Music and More program which plays 24 hours a day,
7 days a week on this station when we aren't here.
Sorry JB, Zipper's lost.
I'm gonna kill everybody who voted for it.
I'll give you all the names after the show.
Alright, and if you want a copy of that Final Fantasy VII remix, it's an overclocked remix
so you can find it on Overclock.org.
Or if you want the zippers, you can contact me.
If you want the zippers, just contact JB.
Or anything else.
Anything?
Favors?
No.
Like favors?
Oh, yes.
I think Mr. Spanky has some things he needs done.
That's quite all right.
Does Mr. Spanky need to be spanked?
Some quick things, some things that have been coming through the chat room and some various
little stories as the two hours have already passed that we've been on the air.
the next two Saturdays and my F.U. to his birthday for being next Monday.
I'm not falling through, and I promise.
We got a nephew over email.
Muhimer of New Jersey.
Moo.
Moo.
He says, a fuck you goes out to his mom.
I'm sorry, not his mom.
I'm sorry.
A fuck you goes out to his room for being small.
That's what happens when I have the mouse over the R-O.
I just assume it's another word that ends in O-M. My bad.
Sorry.
That was a big fuck you going out to his room for being small.
nothing wrong with small rooms. I have a small room. It's all about stacking. Stacking will
save you so much space. I've got like 400 DVDs, a whole bunch of movies, a computer,
seven game systems, a queen size bed, and I still have room to move. And this studio
that we do this very show in is very small, as JB learned for the first time today. That's
why you go to Walmart and you get those stacky crates and put your stuff in them. No, you
go to Kmart because remember Kmart is my favorite store I shot there cause I is poor. Yay Kmart.
That was a cheer that they used to do in high school on the bus going to the band. Alright
and I would like to fuck you to Kmart for like a sock going down the tooth. You have
Kmart socks? Yeah cause like my dad gave me. Just like my dad. This is sort of a trash
one time thing. My dad's like, that's how it sucks. Somehow I didn't suck. Somehow
they went up like $13 one time. And then they crashed down to like a dollar and now they're
like 50 cents. But I've been holding them just for experiences to watch. A dying company.
I'm pretty sure they'll be with Lynn.
I have another FU. Muhimer had two FUs. Please allow me to finish. Also, fuck swishy pants
cuz they're doing
it's what you get
they sell it but they have to do that is so signed over there
we should be at what's up with that
now i remember it never is with george okay
yet but i think that that would grab next to each other up together to play
for so fast
and it was like when he's going to be a grant
I wonder, what about D.E.R. and Swishy Pants?
That would be...
Max 300 and Swishy Pants. That would be funny.
You can see this.
God, we're getting more F.U.s a little late. This is it. No more F.U.s. These are the last ones, alright?
F.U. to Raver's Groove or whatever.
D.T. was one of the poor, unfortunate souls that got to your Raver's Groove play on Orange
Lounge about six times in an hour.
Let me play.
It happens to be one of my favorites okay, and it's not my fault that that happened. It's not the song's fault
So get over it
and the claws show
alright
Let's see
F you at late f you
Yeah
If you two kids on the pad while I'm playing and I'm like bitch get off
off? Bitch. 23rd Magus says, this is a nephew, he has a little story he'd like to tell, please.
Here's a story of a lovely F-you. It's not an F-you, it's a different one. He said, this
is how he celebrated 20 November. Reading music, reading music. This is a late 20 November
story, I'm sorry. I don't have 20, I have a T November, that'll just have to work. I
I don't have 20 November queued up, and I don't feel like pulling up.
Uh, late 19, 20 November celebration story.
I went to the roof of the school and yelled out,
Beeee, Mani, at the top of my lungs. No, seriously. I did. Yep.
And then I took the deer-in-the-headlights looks.
Loser! I mean...
Hey, now. Be nice.
That was cool.
I think that's cool. Especially the deer-in-the-headlights parts.
Anything that'll get you deer-in-the-headlights looks are awesome.
Fabulous. Fabulous.
Did he mention he was doing it dressed up like Mr. Spanky?
I don't want to see him dressed as Mr. Spanky, I'm sorry.
Alright.
Those were the late FUs and things of the week.
So there you go.
You can always send your FUs in a little early if you're not going to be here for the live show.
You can always send those over e-mail or on the launchradio at yahoo.com.
That's what Dave did tonight and he got his in.
I have an important announcement to make.
Yes?
I got the hooker to have sex with me in Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
Thank you very much.
much.
Well, isn't that special?
Hookers are the work of the devil.
Alright.
Satan's little play pal.
Let's see.
I'm hoping the other people left, that we're in the house right now.
Are they really?
I had some, oh, and now I'm getting 20 November stories, that's alright, we need something
the show
about it
on twenty november his friend broke his arm
uh... twenty-third magis sense of the randomness here he says
my english essay was titled i was shocked and all i got was lousy roast
beef
hot hot hot
that has nothing to do with twenty november silly
uh... socal kicks wants to point out he broke his arm in soccer not like
drinking off or anything
well that would have been a lot more humorous don't you think? that would have been cool
it would have been seriously
really clumsy
that was so eight days a week
breaking your neck
trying to uh...
perform self-fulatia.
OK, this one last one... no more 20 Nm stories, we don't care.
I'm just kidding. DCB says he played Beatmania's second mix and got a
100% greats on Overdozer.
You're special. You are very very special.
Alright, no more 20...
what? What? This is actually Pimani related. Oh, dear God, what?
And because of 20 November, happened to be falling on a Wednesday,
There was a new Naoki Journal.
Yes.
Boo!
Yeah, well, they announced the new Naoki Underground song, which, I mean...
Now, that's cool.
Naoki Underground stuff is good.
I mean, you've got, um...
You've got Insertion, and you've got, uh, whatever that French song...
Le Moi et Le Beat, or whatever.
Yeah, whatever that crap is.
Anyways, uh...
So, um, they announced the new song Tears.
the bell where Jessie has a breakdown, because she's addicted to caffeine pills, and I watched
that on 20 November.
What?
Caffeine pills?
She was addicted to caffeine pills!
And then she's just going and then she's like, I'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so scared!
It was the finest acting Elizabeth Berkley's ever done next to Showgirls.
Aside from grinding her hip into some poor stranger.
Okay, you mean, you gotta, you would've, I mean, I'm sorry, but even if it was an acting
situation, that's to be high, oh, damn, we got the scene wrong, do again, oh yeah, oh,
got it wrong again, I love my job, alright, okay, let's go to, oh yes, I'm sorry, I'm
just not feeling that, we gotta do it again, yeah, where's the emotion, do again, this
This time, we'll take those still photos.
Once more, with feeding.
Let's go to the news.
This is something that really doesn't have anything to do with Bemani, but it's kind
of funny anyway.
I know a lot of people that play Bemani eat a lot of fast food, and a lot of people also
kind of play Bemani as a way to diet.
Some people play.
I admit, when I started playing DDR, I thought it was cool because I was suddenly losing
weight.
Of course, now that I haven't played DDR in about a month, I'm gaining it all back, but
that's beside the point.
I read this funny little article and get your guys' thoughts on it.
is
okay
lawyers claim that big backs make kids fat
well
are big max hazardous to children's health
lawyers a file the class-action lawsuit against mcdonald's on behalf of new
york children who have suffered health problems including diabetes high blood
pressure and obesity
In a federal court in Manhattan on Wednesday, a lawyer alleged that the fast food chain
has created a national epidemic of obese children.
Samuel Hirsch agreed that the high fat, sugar and cholesterol content of McDonald's food
is a very incepted, toxic kind of thing when ingested regularly by young kids.
The plaintiffs include a Bronx teen who ate every meal at McDonald's for three years while
living in a homeless shelter.
Another is a 13-year-old boy from Staten Island who says he ate McDonald's food three to four
four times a week, and is now five foot four and two hundred and seventy-eight pounds.
McDonald's lawyer Brad Lerman insisted that the lawsuit was a frivolous attempt to cash
in on the golden arches, the kind of lawsuit that shouldn't be in court.
People don't go to sleep and then wake up obese, Lerman said.
The understanding and comprehension of what hamburgers and french fries do to us have
been with us for a long, long time.
McDonald's has asked Judge Robert Sweet to dismiss the case, arguing those who filed
the claims cannot show their health woes were caused by Big Macs and insisting the company
has never misled customers about his food. The judge did not immediately rule on the
request.
What was that?
We had the visitor just come in.
Dude, all I gotta say is, fucking exercise, you lazy bastard. Shit, man, I eat fast food
every day of the week, you know, and I'm not like some big tub of lard that's like walking
here
you sound like the for you just then
here
okay
uh...
but
it's a bit chastising
low-key
anyway
So what did you think about the Big Mac story?
First of all, McDonald's is disgusting and I haven't eaten there in easily four years.
Except that they had those really tasty bagel sandwiches.
DCB and Orange Beanie were in the chat room suggesting that the following
should go along with this.
This place is a rock.
It is a restaurant where they buy food to eat.
It is a good place to listen to the music.
people flock here to get down to the rock music. Rock and roll McDonald's! Rock and
roll McDonald's! Rock and roll McDonald's! Yes, rock and roll McDonald's, ladies and
gentlemen. See, if everybody would just rock and roll a little bit, while they're at McDonald's
eating Big Macs, maybe they wouldn't get so fat. Well, you know, they put the nutritional
information, they're easily readable. I don't know, maybe most of the people who eat there
are illiterate, I don't know. You know, those people eating those Big Macs are the same
people who think the smoking doesn't hurt anyway, the things that the government's not
corrupt, and they have no tune with the obvious at all. It's like, huh? Those are unhealthy
like, huh? Those are unhealthy for me? Don't you think someone would tell me that?
This goes back to people being really stupid, okay? People are going to watch TV, and they're
going to see this on there, and they're thinking, oh, that looks, even though they're basically
looking at big piles of glycerin that are colored so they don't melt into light or something,
they're looking at this and they're thinking, oh, well, that looks tasty, and it's so ingrained
into society that the general masses, who are unfortunately really stupid, are going
fall for it. You know what I think is very funny, I don't know if this goes hand in hand,
but since I stopped watching TV so much, I've eaten out so often, at least at major chains.
There's this one lady that works at McDonald's that has no teeth.
But the whole thing is, is that it's a matter of choice in using your brain,
and unfortunately people just don't know how to use their brain. They want to be
sheep like everybody else. There's this one chick at the McDonald's that we used to go to actually
that it's just some Chinese chick with an eyepatch. We used to go, ARRRRR! Every time
we'd get our stuff from her, it was quite funny. That's kind of mean. ARRRRR, me tea!
We called it Macarena. Hand over me Big Mac! One thing I have to say about McDonald's,
one time I went to McDonald's, this one where I buy my work, and I ordered two hamburgers
without cheese and without onions, because I cannot fucking stand McDonald's onions.
the nastiest fucking shit on this earth. Dehydrated onions? What the hell is up with that?
They're awesome. They're awesome. I love them.
I like them.
Gross. Anyway.
I like them.
Well, F you to Bradley for liking McDonald's onions.
Fuck you for not liking them.
Okay. So, I order my burger without cheese and without onions, right? I get it back to
work. I open it up, and what do I find? I go, gosh, this hamburger seems awfully thin.
I bite into it. No meat. I bit into two pieces of bread covered in ketchup and mustard and
pickles. Fuck McDonald's, God. But this is what happened. My coworker, since I'm kind
of a pussy, I let people walk all over me like that. My coworker heard me, I was running,
of course, only the way I could do, I started, you know, what's the first thing I'm going
to do when I get a bad burger? I run around and show all my coworkers, oh, look how McDonald's
fucked me over. And I'm like, well, let's eat a burger, and I open it up where I took
a bite. And my coworker's like, you're not going to put up with that crap, are you? So
he calls and he got me two free meals at McDonald's. This was about six weeks ago, and I said,
still haven't used my free meals to McDonald's like here more poison for you
so if you want to a free meal at McDonald's just go over to McDonald's on
Madison and hazel and tell them that never mind I'm not gonna tell you who
sent you it's not under my name all right they're dumbasses that's the same
place I went there we're getting our meal and the guys and talking it through
the PA system out we're gonna know where the drive-through stuff is he's like
Kenny!
It's because his friend ran out to the car.
Kenny!
Kenny!
Kenny, I know you can hear me!
Meanwhile, we're sitting in the window going
Food?
Give us our food?
Kenny! Give me a $6 burger!
Kenny!
Kenny!
I'm like, fucker! Just give me the god damn food!
It was like sitting on the back counter.
I could see it with my own eyes.
own eyes like can't reach food he's a Kenny the guy was fucking dumbass that's
all I have to say oh my god they killed Kenny um ah yes orange beanie saying
meat is bad just be a vegetarian and don't eat McDonald's as bad I used to
date a vegan and it was really interesting going to McDonald's because
they couldn't even eat the fries really so oh you gotta go was that your pager
Say bye to everybody.
Any closing thoughts from JB?
Jenny Rome.
Thank you, JB.
Need pork, daddy!
That's all I had to say about that.
Alright, so I was reading some things in the talkback for that story because those are
always interesting to read.
I'm gonna get drunk and sue Budweiser, said one person.
Let's see.
Hey fat people, what's this one say?
You have no one else to blame but yourselves, kids blame your fat parents.
I am skinny and I am McDonald's.
If you have a predisposition to gaining weight, simply don't eat there.
I can believe I have to educate stupid fat people.
Stop thinking about food for just one second, and maybe then you'll realize how pathetic
your argument is.
And please don't ruin it for those of us who enjoy Big Macs and eat responsibly, Ona.
Have you ever heard of exercise?
Self-centered greedy fat bastards.
My word!
The potty mouse on Yahoo Talkback.
Hey, Rob.
There's another headline I saw on Yahoo, because you know Yahoo has always the best headlines.
It was some stupid kid, um, they threw a flaming chair at this kid in the back of a pickup
truck.
Okay.
And they were driving, okay, and this kid was part of it, and they were filming him.
And he hit him.
It was one of those jackass.
And he got hurt, and they said, oh, it must have been from a jackass stunt.
I'm like, what, so every dumb thing that stupid kids do and catch on camera is a jackass stunt?
Yes.
No.
I don't think so.
It's funny, they have a part where you can rate the top.
Look, you don't play that.
I don't play that shit.
You know what I think?
I think that all those, back to the topic at hand, the fast food crap,
I think that those places actually,
they need to be,
if they were subsidized for having a healthy menu and high quality food,
which they could still make just as fast as the cheap crap that, you know,
is so bad for you,
if they were offered a government subsidy for providing good food to people
that would actually
i think improve a lot of the
the health of
consumers
and possibly get them repeat business
but you know the thing is our government doesn't give a shit about it anyway
well they've kind of improved their stuff, I mean they changed their fry recipe around to make it
like a lot less oil and there's less fat grams and stuff in there so
they're doing stuff i mean
Why? I mean, we go there, we know what's in the food, we know that it's not meat between those patties, or between the bread.
Even so, as a manufacturer, you do have a responsibility to your consumer.
What about if they just put a DDR machine in every McDonald's?
Two Big Macs and shitty ROM!
What's up?
Oh, that's that game for fags!
Oh, I'm gonna eat my burger!
Oh, heart attack! Ugh! Die!
It just has to do with people caring enough about themselves and being smart enough to
know what's good for them.
Love yourself!
No, I'm serious about this.
I work in an office, I work by lots of food places, but even so, even if you have to go
out and eat, you're going to be able to find an alternative to the typical fast food chain
and find something healthy.
There's this bagel cafe place that's near where I work.
I can go there and get a turkey sandwich with avocado and mayonnaise and everything, and
that's nice and healthy.
Or I could go get freshly made teriyaki at another place just as fast.
It's certainly more satisfying than going and getting a piece of bread that's been in
a bag for five years, and this piece of something that's supposed to resemble meat that probably
still has the green ink stamp from when they stamped the damn thing in the first place.
You can look at this.
You can pay $5 and get this unsatisfying piece of shit burger and this soda which you're
actually paying about ten times what the value of the soda is.
You can go buy a bottle of juice and get yourself a nice sandwich and overall, your body's going
to thank you for it and people who complain they don't have any energy, they're not going
to have that complaint anymore because they're actually going to be fueling themselves.
There's the difference right there.
And also, there have been studies linked that prove that eating a consistent diet of fast
food also does contribute to stupidity.
Your brain functions are not as...
Your brain doesn't function as properly when you're eating nothing but shit.
Actually I heard just the opposite.
They just did a study on the news saying that snack foods give actually higher test results
in a short period of time.
That's not fast food, though.
The thing is, if you eat any carbohydrate, it's going to increase your brain function.
Bombay has another great suggestion in the chat room.
How about you cook instead of eating in a fast food place?
Exactly!
I'm just talking about for people when you're at work and you haven't brought your lunch or something.
You know, there's alternatives.
Because I'm lazy and McDonald's takes two minutes to get, okay?
That's what it comes down to, and I love their goddamn fries.
I can't stand the stupid people. I can't stand to go inside there. I can't stand to smell the ugly, nasty people that are in there. The smell is horrible.
This also goes back to those people who are on those low-carb diets. They don't realize that when they're eating no carbohydrates, they're actually killing themselves.
The state of ketosis, basically, is the state that your body goes into when it's about to die. When it starts feeding on itself.
The same people who are making this argument right here are the same people who go and
supersize their extra value meal and they get Diet Coke.
You know how many calories that saves them?
They're making Diet Vanilla Coke now, did you hear that?
Say that you're going to Burger King and you're getting a Whopper.
First of all, a Whopper has a calorie count of 750 calories, your typical Whopper does.
When you add your fries to it, you're adding another 300.
there. You have in your hands the entire equivalent of a day's meal. I mean, an entire, you know,
you have your whole day of eating in one meal. You know, changing your Coke from regular
to diet, you're basically removing 200 calories of that. That's incredibly stupid. But you
know what? That's how they make their money. I drink 300 calorie hot chocolate. You're
some dairy from it. Actually, it's instant hot chocolate. They have enzymes in them.
It's so chocolatey and good, I can't deny it. It's actually three packets of hot chocolate
mix because one and two are just not enough. Also, chocolate is good for your endorphins.
It helps you release happy chemicals. Sounds happy. Yeah, it's an aphrodisiac. I'm sorry
for getting all brainy on people. I used to work at a GNC and an herb shop, so this is
all stuff that I had to go.
I hope people don't really expect us to talk three hours completely about DDR.
Herbal shop, huh?
Oh yeah, I can tell you what to do when you have a cold. Or, you know, maybe we should
make this a regular thing, you know, health talk.
Health chat, DDR dieting, workout mode.
Well, seriously.
On Orange Lounge.
It also goes hand-in-hand with playing, you know, the DDR and pada-pada.
This is why I agree that this topic is kind of relevant, it actually really is relevant
to the Bonnie community, because like I said, a lot of people play Be-Bonnie to stay fit.
It's one of the things that appeal to them about the game.
And I'm mad at Golf Land because they're trying to make me impotent, Link.
They got rid of my surgery and replaced it with Mountain Dew.
Mountain Dew's bad.
It tastes like pee.
I want my surge.
Oh my god, I don't drink...
Hence the nickname Mountain Dew.
That's all I ever drink is Mountain Dew.
Mountain Spew.
Does Mountain Dew really make you impotent?
It's just all the yellow sticks or whatever it is.
These are really going to matter for me anyway, but...
Ah, they're saying sushi is good, and Orange Beanie says the only meat he'll eat is sushi
on occasion, and then Swiftrock says McDonald's should get sushi!
McDonald's would then you'd get like you'd get like the imitation crab wrapped
up in cabbage instead of nori and an old bun to replace the rice if you if you
did get rice crackers and soak them in water not it will not get the big rice
cakes and soak them in water and then wrap those around a piece of imitation
crab meat and cover it in cabbage I'm being told to look at a Gran Turismo
Vise City story I apparently missed that was going on in the intro.
Gran Turismo, Vise City, shit! You fucker, you're going faster, man! We're gonna kill
you! Okay, SoCalKick says he was watching Channel
4, and this was the explanation of Grand Theft Auto Vise City. Did I say Grand Theft Auto?
I'm sorry. Grand Theft Auto Vise City.
Oh yeah, that's right, there was supposed to be a news report on that.
Yes, on Channel 4, they said, in the new Grand Theft Auto Vise City, players must beat women,
kill police, and have sex with prostitutes to progress in the game.
Uh, no. Kill police, yes.
Oh, that's optional.
Cop killer!
That's optional? I mean, I always just, you know, I fire lots of rockets and watch people explode.
This is how much I actually play PlayStation games, by the way.
Yeah, well, well, gee, that's not, like, you know, a one-sided opinion there.
Well, you have to do this to, you know, want, first off...
If you want the bonus stage, maybe.
Oh, first off, it's a complete lie.
Okay, complete lie right there, just totally slandering the game right there.
right there. Stupid bastards. Oh, well, it doesn't matter. No matter what they say, in
fact, yeah, it's going to give them more ratings and more, you know, people are, oh, cool,
that game looks like fun and it's going to sell more copies. It was the highest selling,
highest grossing game last year, you know, Grand Theft Auto 3, so now this time it's
going to be even better. And it has a story line. It has to do with a drug deal that went
bad. And you have to go kill the people that stole your money.
Well thank you. Bitch better have my money.
Alright let's shift gears here because I have another topic I'd like to talk about.
And this is kind of a half a few of the week, kind of like a half
let's talk about this interesting topic. Jamie and I yesterday
we went on a little road trip and we went over to Fry's. Remember we went to Fry's?
And what did we see at Fry's but
DDR Max USA being played on a giant screen TV over there.
That guy who played again and again and again and again.
Exactly.
That's my FU of the Week.
Well, one of my FU's things.
We wanted to play, even though Jamie and I can play at home, you know, of course, how
often do we get to play DDR Max USA in front of a crowd of strangers, you know?
We wanted to show off a little bit, you know, our egos, stroke our egos a little.
I almost got the manager.
But these guys just kept playing over and over and over again.
One of them was an employee.
One of them was an employee?
Seriously?
to getting the manager to have that guy kicked off because, and the thing is the people who
know me know that I will do this.
You were there when I've gotten...
Jamie, don't fuck around.
Yeah.
The thing is, I worked in customer service, okay, for two years.
There's no excuse for bad customer service, and keep in mind this, for every one person
who calls in or can complain or does a physical complaint, there are eight more people who
who are displeased. And each of these people will go and tell more people. The thing is
if we had more activists in the world, stuff would change. And so I think that that's my
part in trying to make things a little bit better.
So Jamie and I didn't get to play Max in front of a bunch of strangers and we cry.
I had a sniff.
But it was kind of interesting how Fries has really been promoting DDR around here, especially.
I did.
Because I literally, we watched, what, like two or three people, at least I noticed this.
I didn't really say anything to you about it.
But I saw like two or three people, not the ones playing the game, but like families picking
up DDR and a dance pad, like walking out there, and the employees, this is kind of smart,
they did have an employee kind of stationed near the DDR watching the people play, apparently
not keeping very good track, but watching the people play, and then when parents would
kind of look at it curiously, would go up and talk to them about DDR, and suddenly they're
walking out of there with a copy of Max USA, and one of them was walking out with a PlayStation
2.
My boss bought economics for herself.
Make sure that you buy your games at Gamestop, thank you.
Yes.
Buy them at Gamestop.
Reserve your games at the Gamestop in Rancho Cordova.
Jamie's trying to get a little bit of business there.
For my man.
Yes.
Let me know.
I guess that's a really great way to promote DDR, it's too bad more stores don't do that.
I also did find another couple of cool things at Fry's, speaking of our little trip to Fry's.
Okay.
my favorite artist ever I didn't think that any of the stuff was released in
the US and I was wrong because I found three DJ crush CDs at fries that makes
me happy and I saw the super ghetto cheap CD burners that made me happy yep
they were really cheap yep okay so that was our fry story and that's about it
Oh Loki has something to share damn you fries and making me spend money I go
there with Nintendo buying one thing and I walk out with eight things. I hate you! Being
so cheap! I got my man a really cool birthday present. And by the way, we need to give,
even though he's like not listening and stuff, I have to give a happy birthday to my fiance
Dan, because he's absolutely awesome. Awww. Yeah, Nona, if ever you see him online, he's
either online as Neo Strider, he used to run the Neo Strider Strider Zone, and he also
And I hope he's not listening because I just told him what day President was.
You don't need another voice
If I'm in another world, you can't see another world
Rock Over London, Rock Over Chicago, Orange Lounge Radio, it's a good place to listen
to the music.
You are back and it's funny in the chat room they're talking about this gacked another
world sounds just like the Josie and the Pussycat song Three Small Words and they're absolutely
right because that wracked my brain for an entire day one time.
It's okay, but...
What song does it sound like?
But it's better.
Yeah, I like Another World a lot.
I mean, and it is different.
The chorus is a lot different.
We actually did play the gakta version.
The guitar is just very similar.
The guitar is very similar.
We actually did play the gakta version, by the way, which is the only good one that exists.
I was supposed to relay a message to Loki from SoCal Kicks, but I lost it, so retype
that in the chatroom, SoCal, and I'll get that.
No, I don't think it was more work.
I think it was something more about Grand Theft Auto.
All local news sucks because they're stupid and uninformed about anything current, especially
anything that has to do with gaming.
They're like, with those crazy kids and their games, they're so stupid.
That was special.
Well, we're coming down to the home stretch of the show, this three hour tour that we've
got going here.
Is there any other topics that somebody wanted to discuss here tonight, while we still have
time I think we've got everything that I want to set things on fire you want to
set things on fire yes Black Lab set himself on fire tonight after that mr.
stanky bit oh that's right but I miss it no actually we are going to uh as soon
as the show is over we're going on the road we're going over to Davis actually
to go pick up some boba correct Black Lab needs to meet us there yes he does
and towels not listening right now I cry so he can't meet us but I'll call him
Maybe he'll...
Yeah, Cal's not listening and that's sad.
Why is vidpower suggesting Animal Crossing Vice City?
No.
That would be pretty funny though.
We could like, you know, take our gas from Mallory.
I'd be able to shoot Mallory finally.
I like Mallory.
I could pop a cap in her ass.
I like Mallory.
Mallory gives me stuff all the time.
That would be crazy if Grandpa thought of Vice City.
That's okay because I like puddles and you don't like her.
The network version on the internet.
I'm going to be getting that bug net out and just beating the shit out of puddles.
Anyway, sorry Loki, yes?
Sorry.
Oh, never mind.
I don't want to talk about my online Grand Theft Auto version anymore because that would
be cool.
Except it would be kind of crazy watching hundreds of people running around with rocket
launchers trying to kill each other.
It'd be like one giant version of Unreal or Quake or something.
Black Lab wants to point out that the Boba at Boba, Max is broken.
We're going there for Boba.
Still worth a trip.
All right, we're going there for Boba.
That's fine.
We're still coming.
All right.
Now this is what SoCalCakes wanted to tell you.
Loki, that's what they do.
Do you even know why every supermarket has milk in the back?
It's just like a mental thing.
Most people just go to a supermarket often just for milk.
If it's in the back, they have to go all the way to the back and then for some reason to
pick up other things.
Yeah, that's because they, they, you know, arrange supermarkets and stuff to promote
buying, duh, but, I mean, that has nothing to do with the fact that, you know, they're
saying that the game is, you know, I don't know.
Oh yeah, talking about Fries, yeah.
Oh.
I think, I don't know what that was exactly in reference to.
Oh, Fries.
Yeah, Fries is like a giant maze.
It's like a giant hedge maze that you have to walk through just to get to the checkout
counter.
Giant hedge maze, that's all you have to remember.
It's not the fact that they arrange stuff like that, it's just the fact that they're so cheap, so cheap that you can't resist, but the problem is they're all mail-in rebates, no!
But yeah, I love their stuff, I love buying computer stuff, and that's kind of a bad thing. I should stop spending, but that never happens. Never ever.
And I'm still waiting on my bid on eBay for my PS2 and my Japanese PlayStation 2, so I'll probably have one. Yay!
What exactly are you going to play on it?
Well, the first thing I'm going to be doing is getting DDR Max 2 when that comes out.
So, um, you know, I can rip everything from that and whatnot.
But, um, I'm also, one of the first games I'm getting, which I'm also bidding on, is Para Para Para.
I'm not going to...
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh.
Yeah, but there's a bunch of other games. You guys are trying to get me into Beatmania 2DX, and I'm thinking that's an expensive investment for something I'm not too excited to be playing, but I don't know. There's also the Drummania drum. I wanted to get the drumset for that and maybe Drummania or something. I don't know.
If you get Dramania, you can bring it to my house and play Session with all my guitar freaks, because I have the PS2 ones.
Session mode is so cool. Yeah.
Being told that Grand Theft Auto crime online is said to be real.
Uh-oh! Hide your children!
And Loki, you don't want Para Para, it gets boring in three days.
Actually, I'm not sure if he's talking about Para Dramania, but he's saying, you don't want it, it gets boring in three days, that's DCV.
Well, I know that, duh. I don't play games like after three games anyways. Another reason why I'd want, you know, Para Para is just for the controller, because I get to use it with Step Maniac. Oh yeah, I get to put some crazy shit in there. Basically, it'd be like a really tripped out version of Dance Maniacs. It'll have to do for now until I-
He is talking about Para.
Yeah. It'll have to do until I get, like, you know, Dance Maniacs stuff.
Ooh.
Now he's thinking, how can I make a custom dance maniacs controller?
Well, actually, I could with the Para Para controller.
Yes, you could.
The Para Para Pancakes of Pinkness.
No, no, no, no, no, you got the name wrong.
I'm sorry.
The Pink Biscuits of Death.
The Pink Biscuits of Death.
I like pink pancakes.
They're too big to be pancakes.
They're fat pancakes.
Well, they were saying also that I should get, what was it,
Kingdom Hearts International when that comes out, and Final Fantasy International, hell
I can get Final Fantasy XI right now I guess, I don't know why I'd want to, but.
Oh hey, Swiftrock is offering to give away his Para Para for a Milpitas Golf Land token.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, go ahead and email the show at orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com and we'll forward that on the Loki
By the way, MakeEditGetPorn is still on, and yeah, I haven't really thought of a date yet that I want to judge everything. I'm just being lazy, so in the meantime, make edits for anything that's on Max USA.
And I don't care how you make it, just get me a step chart or edit file or DWI or step media file somehow, and yeah, and I'll enter it in.
You can do it!
And you can get porn!
pornography okay it's fap-tastic yes it's a fap-tastic contest being brought
to you by the one I love you I oh we're being it's being suggested we should
invite Polteri to our para para paradise party slash masturbation party no god no
unless we get to like take shots at her all right she can't sing but you know
I don't know if she were to be, I don't know, gagged somehow.
I'll let your mind do the work.
You got some Para-Paradise you can gag her with?
I got a pink biscuit for you.
Stick the mic closer.
That's right.
Oh yeah.
You know you like it.
Anyway, we're getting close to the end of the show here, so I thought I'd go around
and get everybody's final thoughts of the day.
Dude met you at one sick fuck.
That's Jamie's final thought is mad as a sick fuck
Yeah
Correct Loki your final thought for the day
No, I'm I'm tired you're tired it's kendo all right all right my bitches will do anything
Okay, well, maybe not that
The final thought of the day is, run away, run away, run, run, far away, and then run
back.
What?
That was great.
That was great.
I didn't get it.
Gendo, are you a pimp?
No!
That didn't do anything!
I know, I just like that song.
Attention Kmart Shoppers!
Attention Kmart Shoppers!
This is Gendo!
Please report to my office for breast inspection!
Damn it, I hate this part!
Oh baby!
Oh, dear.
Where Shinji's in front of the elevator and the elevator opens and it's the Gendo music
and then it closes and the music goes away.
We're talking about an anime parody of Evangelion called Evangelion Re-Death.
It's completely on crack.
That's where the it's Gendo line comes from in the intro.
Yay.
And we're just quoting it because we can.
We're nerds.
The best one has to be Fanboy Bebop. That is so funny. It's so funny. It starts off the whole thing and shows this ship and it shows his anime collection and it says Sailor Moon and stuff. And it's all hentai.
And it shows this long hallway full of videos and it's all hentai. It's hilarious. Definitely watch it.
What else I have on that tape is jubei powers international man of intercourse it sucks, but I love the part with the looping ninjas
That part was funny the the looped animation of the ninja running in it
With the 70s porn music JB wanted to share something with us all
JB wanted to share this with us all Polteri calm
Is this the same one is it really I think it might be yeah under the events section
you'll find information regarding different performances in and around Japan.
Apollo was born in Australia in a musical family with his famous opera singer mother
and a highly skilled classical guitarist brother. She began vocal training at the age of six
and lived in France until the age of sixteen.
Where she was then sold to slave trader Naoki. Where she became his sex slash singing.
Oh she's married! It says does my wedding count under events. We might have to go with
this a little more next week. It doesn't say anything about Bamani I see.
Oh here we go, Love Again Tonight's in there.
Hey, well didn't you hear, Naoki's Naoki Terry now?
He took her name.
Oh, I just clicked on email and now it's trying to get me...
Oh, I can send her an email!
Paula at PaulaTerry.com
Dude, we need to send her an email and get her to listen to the show.
That Santa Claus is like so...
Yeah, thank you for reading my spam.
Custom stockings for your pet.
Oh, the website was designed by Diva Productions.
And we're not allowed to use anything on the site without permission.
Anyway, Politary.com.
Big fun for you all.
And on that note, I do believe it's time to end the show.
Oh, did I get everybody's final thought?
I got Bradley's final thought, yes?
Okay.
My final thought is, I finally got a date, now I just need sex.
That's my final thought.
Bitch.
Slut.
Ho.
Min-may.
you take that back okay good night you guys thanks for listening more Bahmani
music and more after this program can you tell me about the nookie take care
have a good night we'll see you next week our post Thanksgiving special have
a good turkey day all you Americans and all you non Americans have a good
Thursday Shinji I am your father who's your daddy now you guys thanks for
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Skype, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoodom.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
How about we sing,
saying, cuz mom is a stupid bitch in C minor.
Well cuz mom's a bitch, she's a big bad bitch she's a big bitch
and her whole wide world's such a stupid bitch that there ever was a bitch who's a bitch
too all the boys say shit.
Fish, fish, fish, fish
fish, good boy super fish and at it again
I told you not to call my mom a bitch Carter
cuz mom's a bitch, so don't shoot me she's a bitch and Wednesday
through Saturday she's a bitch
then on Sundays that's super different she's a super thing
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
