Oh! Message for you, son! Attention! Do you wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, are there any balls down there?
About the biggest fairy you've ever seen, Dingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolute frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on Scrockets, then we dance!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect for Spanish exercise is kendo.
Hey, hey, hey!
Dark Sakurai.
Shut up!
Where's my gun? This is my boomstick.
Sky.
Come on, girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 24, November the 17th of 2002.
But not November 20th.
It is our second season premiere!
Woo!
Yay!
And then we're supposed to do a thing.
Yay!
It's like fall sweeps.
It's sweeps week.
In this episode, Jamie is going to get married.
I don't!
Fuck you!
And Loki is going to have a baby.
No.
You are tuned in to the Bemani Scene's most premiered radio station of all things Bemani.
My name is Rob Roberts and you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie
Summers.
Of course, as always, because we just can't get rid of him, it's Dave!
Hello!
He's our favorite little pest.
Alright, we'll be talking to everybody a little bit more later, but first we're going to take a quick break,
and this break is going to feature some second songs, like Second Mix, Second Style, and all sorts of things like that,
because it is the second season of Orange Lounge.
Or do you just have to go number two?
Yes, I'm going to go take a big poopy right now. On your head!
AHH!
Uh, we'll be right back to talk about, uh, a lot of stuff, and maybe something about DDR, I don't know. We'll see.
DDR? Who plays that anymore?
I don't know, DRSK. Alright, see you in a little bit.
Is this love and love for me?
Cause when we dance together
You're like a dream come true
I feel so beautiful
Heart and sight
Resolve those of you
Love, I just gotta have it all
I believe in love
I can't be without it
Come to me and make your confession
Love, come let it go
Love, I just gotta have it
I believe in love
I can't be without it
Come to me and make your confession
Da!
Go Magic!
Let's go!
Oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
Love, love, love, love, love, love
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Here we are.
We.
We, a little bit earlier than usual.
So that's the new game here, 6.30 to 9.30.
We're so bored and have nothing to do.
Yeah, we thought we'd share our boredom with the rest of you.
It's Java, and Twen helped me out to figure out how we get a Java thing going, so thank
you to Twen too.
But I'm not going to kiss Twen.
No.
Oh, my phone's ringing!
That's my ringer.
My bad.
I'm not answering it on air, sorry.
You should turn off your cell phone when we're on air.
That's my booty call.
Uh oh, Rob's got his booty call.
Wail.
Well, so the chat room right now, they're trying to get me to go to Vegas.
They want us, I think they want all of us to come to Vegas, really, to do a show on
the road in Vegas.
Okay, are you going to pay?
Yeah, I know.
How are we going to...
Well, I know that my buddy Irene, Rice Princess, she turned 21 this weekend, so now she's thinking
about doing a Vegas trip, because it was supposed to be Reno this weekend.
We were all going to go to Reno.
Prostitution is legal in Vegas, right?
Prostitution is not legal in Vegas or Vegas County, I don't think.
outside it is.
It sucks.
I'm sorry?
Isn't it legal in Nevada in general?
Yes, but certain cities have it.
There's like some big brothel that's right outside.
Mustang Ranch.
It's Mustang Ranch, man.
I remember the one time on Under Station Live, the show I used to do on Saturday nights,
we actually called the Bunny Ranch and got an interview with some prostitutes at the
Bunny Ranch.
It's a great radio.
Maybe once we get that capability set up here we can...
You want to interview some prostitutes, Jamie?
Sure.
What's it like to be a whore?
You are a whore, darling.
Speaking of whores, we watched, I made Jamie watch the best movie about Vegas that's ever
been made, Showgirls, the motion picture.
Three hours of stripping crap, it's so bad.
That's why it is fun to watch, because it is so freaking horrible.
What's our, what's our fuck from Saved by the Bell?
Jessie Spano was her, well it's Elizabeth Berkley is her real name, but she was Jessie
Spano on Saved by the Bell.
She was most famous in one episode, which Spazzy, I don't know if he's listening right
now, but he was trying to send me an episode of this, and it's been sending like all night
long.
He was sending me an episode of Saved by the Bell when Jessie has her caffeine pill addiction,
and she breaks down.
I'm so excited!
I'm so excited!
I'm so scared!
scared
nobody else here what say by the bell nobody
you did yes i knew somebody else here i do see how it used to be an avid save by
the bill fan was on t b n and save i've felt college years and say if i build a
movie that's a little much but i think you're a dork
set up
cuz act so dreamy
so but i think we use a door
who's running a radio station out of his house
Hey, fuck you! Not me, I'm just visiting. You're here, bastard.
That's all I have to say.
Yeah, there, we got people in the chat room admitting that they used to watch that show.
I didn't watch Shaved by the Bell, because I think I was busy watching cartoons.
What cartoons were you watching instead of Saved by the Bell? Saved by the Bell came on after all the cartoons.
I was taping Ronan Warriors in the morning while I was still asleep, and then watching my tape when I got home
in the afternoon after I watched all my other shows. Well, aren't you special?
yes i am quite
uh... saved by the bell tiffany amber thiessen
her her david now low-key city look he's given the thumbs up to that yes
she was
uh... now she's like stupid
which is what she was she on now she's on some show and i was on my
she's on the two and i will tell you that i mean that she's like
in big parts of the movies
uh...
which means she's pretty much top was a lot of them right
no actually now
Uh, the last movie I remember seeing her in was, um, what was it, uh, Shriek, if I know what you did last Friday the 13th.
Wasn't she, wasn't she in, um, uh, one of the Dust Till Dawn sequels, too?
You know, I don't like to acknowledge the Dust Till Dawn sequels.
I mean, okay, okay. Now, granted, number two did have Bruce Campbell in, so that made number two decent.
Ha!
I have to see that, then.
Bruce Campbell was in Sacramento last week, by the way.
What?
Yes, Bruce Campbell did a signing at Borders or something. I just heard about it, like, last minute.
That's alright. We saw him when he went to the Crest and did a...
No.
We saw Evil Dead there.
Yes.
My friend has himself on videotape with Bruce Campbell at E3.
Cool.
What was Bruce Campbell doing at E3?
They released that game, but he was there...
Well, it was the year before. He was there for that Evil Dead game that was on Dreamcast. It was really shitty.
And then he was there last year, again, just signing stuff.
Oh, just because he's Bruce Campbell.
Well, we saw him when he was down at the Crest Theater and it was pretty cool because he
was doing signings and stuff and then they did a screening of You Let Too, Dead by Dawn,
which was great.
Great movie.
It's really fun to watch in a theater full of people, especially people I've seen the
movie for, because everyone's just all cheering at the right spots.
And he's like, tool shed!
And everyone's like, YEAH!
Why can't we get a screening of Showgirls at the Crest with Elizabeth Berkley live, and the chick who played the mama at the strip bar who had the...
She'd go like that and her top would fly off and she was really ugly.
Chicken bump on you.
Oh, no, not the big fat chick. I'm talking Elizabeth Berkley.
Hey, if we want to recreate through the scenes of the movie...
Elizabeth Berkley looks like a skank. Ew.
Looks like a duck. Looks like my sister. Quacks like a duck, must be a duck.
You don't care. You can put a paper bag on her head.
Hey, don't ruin it.
Last week, by the way, if you missed it, we talked about Loki's wide collection of porn. Which reminds me, how's the contest coming?
Would you like to make an announcement on the new contest, Make Edit Get Porn?
get porn yes it's an actual real contest now
you basically you make an edit for any song that appears on ddrmax USA
and you send that edit to me in any form
i mean you can make the edit with the japanese version of
a ddr game that happens to have the same song that you know is in ddrmax USA
dwi you make an sm file just some
some way to get step chart
some way to get it to me
and then you know i'll take care of the rest and send you out a big box of porn
that's that's how it works
i tried proposing this to the
ddr maniacs uh... forms and it just didn't get there
i like the idea of an edit contest but why porn?
because i've done other edit contests before and they're like
but why porn? because everything else has been done! they're okay and you do a normal edit
i want boys. well sorry i don't have that
we will find a way to maybe donate some boy porn to the contest we'll see if we
can figure something out. We don't know if we'll have DVDs necessarily, but we'll get
boy porn in one way or another, just for the ladies, okay?
Alright, well anyways... Oh, go ahead, Dave.
Instead of, like, getting boy porn for the winner, how about just donate boy porn to
Jamie, because I don't think anyone else, including me, would want boy porn.
Now, now, we're neglecting some locals like Anita, DDRholic, RicePrincess... I don't know,
there's folks out there that might want boy porn, who knows?
i don't get it if you know guys
talk about you know
just all-girl porn you know
like here we have our all-boy porn
i'm not saying that you can understand it
what would you want girl porn like girl on coral
girl on girl action
because homosexuality is wrong and bags go to hell but being lesbians okay
i don't
fake body parts okay
to be that attractive. I like seeing pretty boys with nice abs.
They're not fake, they're enhanced.
I'll have you know those are ab implants, okay?
Now, but anyways,
if I got free guy porn, then sure, I'd throw in free guy porn, but I just get free girl porn,
so uh...
that's what's going in the box.
Um, but yeah, they just, no one could understand why I was doing a contest to get
porn, and I was like, because it's funny. Because it's porn! Because it's fun!
I'm all, they're all, why don't you do a normal contest with regular prizes?
So first I like, I kind of caved for about a minute, and I said, ah fuck them.
You want a normal edit contest, go enter turn a mix three or whatever.
This is a pornographic edit contest. It's called make edit get porn, not make edit get something not porn.
I should have made that rule that all the titles for the edits have to be sexually ambiguous.
Pr0n
Pr0n
I wanted Pr0n to go to freaking like, you know...
If JB, it's like JB wins it, he'll uh, he'll try to deep fry it and you'll have deep fried Pr0n
No, but seriously, there'll be quite a bit of stuff in this box here
That might be the slight problem though
Obviously, this contest is only open for anyone of age that can view porn in your state or county.
As long as, if you enter, I am assuming that you are of age and that you're...
You're convincing enough to lie about it.
Yes. If you enter, I am assuming that you're of age. Do not tell me otherwise. It's don't ask, don't tell.
If you cannot have pornography mailed to your house, don't enter. Don't.
Remember, when you assume, you make an ass out of you and me.
Yes, and we're not talking about a little bit of porn, we're talking a lot of porn, so this is gonna, you gotta, we'll arrange, you know, transportation of the porn to your house, but we'll arrange a nice brown paper bag.
Yes, like not a little bit of porn, like a whole two and a half days worth of porn. That's a lot.
It will paint a little green door on the package.
package.
Anyways, yeah, so the contest is still on. I have no entrance yet, but I haven't even
announced a date for it, so. So, I mean, you know, whenever, I'll think of a date. In the
meantime, just get your edits ready and, yeah.
Even though a lot of people aren't entering, like, haven't signed up or whatever for entering,
I know that there is a lot of hype going on, especially within the Sackpamani forums about
about people wanting to enter this, such as Orange Beanie, and me, and other people.
This isn't restricted just to Orange Lounge World Headquarters in Sacramento. It's everybody.
Nationwide, international, international. If you live in Belgium and you want prawn, enter.
As long as you have the right region for your DVD player or a good hack.
Oh yeah, that's a good point though, because they're all U.S. region DVDs.
I'm going to have to actually limit it to the continental United States.
Oh, okay. What about Canada?
Yeah, it's just it gets a little expensive ship stuff to other countries.
Oh, that's true. Continental US then only.
Continental US, yes.
Maybe if somebody internationally wants to enter, maybe we'll just send you some net porn.
We'll send you a few dirty pictures.
I'll arrange something, yeah, for those who can't do that.
I actually found, you know this is really sad,
Is someone made Nintendo 64 emulated porn?
A Nintendo 64 porn? What is that, Mario Party or something?
No, it's just like, I don't know, it's like they made a ROM file with porn in it. It was weird.
Wahoo!
They have those for Super Nintendo.
There's like 30 pictures of them. I downloaded this ROM that was labeled as this game I wanted and it was porn.
Cool!
It was like big, you know, twat shot porn.
Ew!
You need to see pixelated cooter, okay?
Plus, add an option.
I guess what it does is activates the rumble pack for a very long time.
What?
So that was really weird, but yeah.
It's out there.
You have no idea how many times I click on something for Kazaa.
It's like, Initial D, episode 22.
Oh, wait, that's not Initial D. That looks like porn.
Not Initial D. Yeah, that pissed me off. I was trying to find Jackass, the movie.
I ended up getting Sorority Boys.
Yeah, then you see the male ass.
I was like, no!
Of course I'm downloading Chamber of Secrets right now.
I didn't get to go today.
Oh, you and your Harry Potter. Speaking of porn...
Just kidding.
Speaking of porn, Harry Potter, come on!
well i don't know i don't want to know if you know where to get to the g
how was harry potter anyway very very good
we're planning on having a trip again to go see it sometime very soon if you want
to come
and join in on the action
need ruling over alan rickman on-screen
okay alan rickman on he was so
because fabulous
Yeah, Harry Potter word.
Oh, speaking of...
Go from porn to Harry Potter!
Speaking of pornography, you know I have something that still goes along the lines of pornography.
This has kind of been circulating a lot of the web boards this week.
We've been given this link that talks about the DDR up the skirt camera.
I don't know if you guys...
I'll post the link in the chat room for those that maybe haven't seen this, although I think
it's been hoarded out on just about every forum out there.
But just in case...
Not to mention there's at least five live journals.
Yeah, like different live journals and such.
But just in case, there's the link in the chatroom for you guys.
It's basically a pornography where it shows these Japanese schoolgirls, of course they're
dressed like Catholic schoolgirls, you wouldn't have it any other way.
And yeah, they all look like Sailor Moon.
And there's a little camera right in the center of a DDR pad that films up their skirt.
They even have a diagram illustrating where the camera is.
Yeah, it just like points out, you know, insert camera here.
It's a big black dot.
We should translate this page, shouldn't we? I should run this through the translator because I haven't done that yet. Let's see.
What do you guys think of this while I get translated?
I think this is the fakest thing I've ever seen in my life. Obviously all these girls have been paid to do the dancing, but what do you guys think?
Well, they were probably paid to play the game, but they may not have known about the camera, even though it'd be kind of blatantly obvious to anyone that knows the game that there's a large black dot in the middle of the pad. It's like, why is that thing looking up at me?
No, I would think...
Take a picture so the girl's looking at the camera.
You could probably hide it under there pretty well.
You'd have to do it really well, and I don't think it's really that worth it.
Let's see. This is the English translation of the website. Should we do some reading of the English translation of the website here?
Go for it.
Alright, I'm trying to get some website reading music here.
Yeah, but I just don't see how, like, I mean I can think of that you could hide the camera pretty well, but how many girls wear, like, miniskirts and play? I don't think I've ever seen a girl wear a skirt or a miniskirt and play.
Alright, let's hear what this PornCam site's advertising here.
I was, like, the guy's all ogling at the screen.
Uh, it says, make it wait.
Ah, carry it out.
A playwoman, quantity students, lower half of the body,
collection of images of a shock.
The fourth cartridge, a ban is removed at last.
This time, it photographs before the first game in series,
and photography is ventured.
What?
Surrender, women, quantity student
with sufficient super qua.
Lump, teabag, photography, a success.
Let's hear it for Nistia Globalgate.
The woman quantity students aimed at this time
total six sets.
It clicks on each lower photograph
and is to a verification page.
I don't know if that's letting me do.
Yeah.
Oh, close ups.
Look.
Let's see. K.O., the woman who shows splendid dancing, like, while swaying the flare.
It seems to be the dance of a proposal of marriage completely.
Okay, well let me just put it this way. They haven't been playing DDR very long since they got some serious rolls on that ass.
The whiter panties to the upper one of the leg extended smoothly, which seemed to be
warm.
It is a fortunate shot.
Is it noticed that a camera is, Japanese, is an exciting moment?
She's looking right down at the camera.
A super-mini and loose exquisite balance and snow-white panties cannot be removed too.
You want to hear something very ironic about this whole thing?
There's no way that they wouldn't show anything other than a panty shot because it's illegal to show anything like that in Japan in the first place.
It totally blows up.
Doesn't this look like a cooter right there?
This chick's not wearing underwear?
Is it just the lighting?
No, I can't click on it.
Let's see, I'm trying to look at more verification page, see if we can see some...
Oh, I don't know.
just
Why would you want shit?
I still don't think of you at first
My family's a concern
What do you point me at?
Oh, the link. Oh, it's a Shockwave file. I don't know what I'm going to get.
Let's see. Okay, so that's enough of that.
Let's click on this Shockwave file I've been getting.
So, any chance we'll ever see a series like this in America?
Panty Panty Revolution?
I don't know about that, but I'm sure that they can, you know, put the girls gone wild chicks on there jumping around and that, you know.
Just take a DDR machine and Mardi Gras.
And let fun ensue.
I see profits!
Anyways.
I have no idea what this is that I just got in the chat room.
It's a fish with legs.
It's a fish with legs and it's speaking a lot of Japanese.
There's a kitty eating a fried egg!
Thank you, Kikoman!
Show me, show you!
They look like little kittens. They look like fried kittens.
1. Soy Sauce 2. Iced Rice
3. Iced Rice
4. Soy Sauce
5. Soy Sauce
6. Soy Sauce
kinko man, kinko man, show me, show you, kinko man, right, right, kinko man, kinko man,
Ice cream pops in the wiener!
You probably have to get the girls drunk first.
little bit like DDR in the nude Jesus I would think so how would it painful
floppy floppy floppy if you got if you're a woman and you have big boobs
you'd be whacking yourself in the face I don't want once me and Paul over like
one of the first times I played I went down to uh I don't know the Riptide
arcade the old one before it was the Riptide arcade or whatever the old place
And there was this one girl who was playing, and her boobs were bouncing up and down so
much.
It was like Jiggle Jiggle Revolution, I think we called it.
I need to go throw up now.
I think I saw a freestyle like that the other day.
I need to go throw up a lot now.
Are we going to take a quick break and come back?
Yeah, let's take a quick break.
Okay, we're going to take a really quick break, and we'll come right back, and when we come
back, we'll get off the pornography subject, ha ha ha ha, yeah right, and we'll talk to
Black Lab a little more, because he's our special guest, so we have to interview him
while he's here. So, I'm going to get to a request that we had in the chatroom a little
bit earlier. This is from 2Dx8style. It's the super special Secret Stage at Xenon, right
here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh
It's the seed of my heart, what you feel deep inside
And it means you better stay behind
It's the death of your soul, that you tried to relieve
Never until your body functions
Feel it, feel it, baby
Feel the fire, it's coming deep inside me
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, tune in to hear live train wreck radio.
Watch all your favorite monster hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki engage in the Bamani Battle
Royale.
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday at 7pm Pacific Time, heads will roll and arrows will scroll.
And be suitable for children under 6, pregnant women, retards, and residents of Baltimore.
Are you ready?
Ready for the race?
Are you ready?
You are listening to OrangeLawn's radio.
On that break, you heard from 2DX8 Style's Xenon, Xenon, Xenon, Xenon, Xenon, thank you.
i can't read today
i r speak good
uh... after that was from popping music a song called crazy techno because
chicken chaser was a crazy technical message on our horses are so it's not a
sorry about that all the n p three that after uh... pop music or from feeling
puma
all my bad
you know what
but they're going home or whatever it's like
i don't know why they call it that
well we had an email request for more popping music last week
that we read on the show so writers you know you can't say we don't listen to
our emailers
if you do if you would email us just drop us a line at orangelaunchradio.com
we'll pretend to care
yeah
klung kung
from keyboard mania third mix and after that
from 2d x seven style and uh... more notably initial d heartbeat
by nathalie
POMU is pop and music.
If you're just now joining us, a friendly reminder, Orange Lounge Season 2 debuted tonight
and we start the show a half hour earlier now and we run it a half hour later, which
Which means it's three hours long. No, the webcam is not on.
Okay, because people would be looking at my feet right now.
Uh, the big show starts now at 6.30 Pacific Standard Time.
So wake up earlier.
Yes. Get your ass here earlier.
Hi, Black Lab. How are you?
Let's talk to Black Lab.
It's our favorite puppy.
Yeah.
Good puppy.
Sit.
Sit, Ubu. Sit.
I'm already on the ground, dammit.
Yes, because you can't have my chair.
Black Lab's already sitting here on his knees.
Don't go there.
Don't go there.
So you've been listening since what?
About the first episode of Orange Lounge, right?
Or a little later, right?
A little later.
I started listening, I think, episode six.
And then I went in the chat room like two weeks after that.
I've been whoring out the series.
Yes.
Oh, you're a walking billboard for Orange Lounge.
We appreciate that.
So, now you most notably might be known because you used to work at one of the many golf lands,
yes?
Yes, I had my experience working at Castro Valley Golf Land, and I know it's small, and
I know most people consider it ghetto, because Milpitas and Sunnyvale are much bigger, living
in the ghetto.
Well, it's not really ghetto, it's more like, well, it's Castro Valley.
It's the hood.
It's like a white and partially Latino hood.
Okay.
And it's up in the hills, it's not like down in the city area.
It's not even a real city though.
So, what kind of Bamonians do they have at Castro Valley?
Oh, we have the usual standard Max IIs.
Oh, we have a 3rd Korean, yeah!
Don't see many of those anymore.
And then we also have a 4th Plus.
Oh yeah, a US version of Guitar Freaks and a beat stage vidmix, which is with a discolored
screen I might add.
What exactly did you used to do at Castor Valley Golf League?
You weren't a tech.
You just...
I was...
You were a jizmo?
General...
I was general maintenance.
I made sure the place didn't collapse on itself.
Oh, I see.
Now were you there for the big tournament they did at Castor Valley a couple months
ago?
Yeah.
Oh, yes I was, as a matter of fact.
Most people probably don't know this.
If it weren't for me, that whole thing would have fallen flat on its frickin' face.
Oh, I see. Ego, ego. No, I'm serious though. I was like the main link to the management
and it kind of got screwed over at the last minute without my knowledge because I was
trying to make sure that the machine would be going outside for the tournament, but no,
the manager changed his mind at the last minute and decided not to tell anyone until the next
morning when I'm there an hour before the place even opens to get this machine moved
outside and the supervisor that morning comes in and is like, oh, the machine's not going
outside. And I'm like, oh, shit. And I pretty much damn near killed myself trying to make
sure there was enough room for people to be in there, and I ended up missing pretty much
the entire term because I had a migraine from nearly killing myself. Ouch. Oh, I'm sorry.
And then I had to come and clean up after you bastards! I didn't go, so you didn't clean
up after me.
Why didn't we have any fuck you music playing during that?
That's not really a fuck you. That's not really a fuck you. That's a fuck you of like three
months ago. I thought the fuck you of this week.
We'll get to those later.
Post dated F.U.
We have to catch up. You usually send about ten F.U.s of the week every week, so...
Well, it's been kind of going down lately.
You're getting a little happier with life.
A little.
So now you've moved from Castro Valley to the wide wonderful... I didn't live in Castro Valley.
Oh, I lived in San Leander, which is right nearby, obviously, if you were to catch my
right.
Okay.
But you've moved basically to Sacramento.
You don't live in Sacramento, but you live in the People's Republic of Davis, which is
a small hippie town just, you know, right outside of San Leander.
With a college!
Oh, wow!
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
Abandon hope I have.
So how does Davis differ than the Bay Area for you?
It's for...
You get a fine for breathing.
Davis, by the way, the town that arrested the lady for snoring too loud, I think, wasn't that Davis?
I didn't hear anything about Davis.
Those were years ago, probably before you were born.
Pretty little flat college town with absolutely nothing in it, and it's boring as hell.
And the college sucks because they aren't letting first year students have their cars when there's plenty of parking, and I'm hating it.
And there's one DDR machine in the whole town, correct?
yes and it's a it's a max one in a tapioca express so you don't really see
many about it and DER yes a beautiful combination yeah it would be stripped
too but they ran out of the shrimp there but it's a max one there and it's like
the volume is not that loud and yeah so how did you get into playing DDR was it
Were you working at CVGL before Beaumont got big and they got the game one day?
No, it was almost two years ago when I started, when I actually first played DDR.
Where did you first play DDR?
At Castro Valley Golf Land, as a matter of fact.
I just played a USA mix there and failed to stomp to my feet on my first song.
Yeah, I was pretty much hooked after that.
I've lost many hours in many twenties since then.
Now, you didn't get the job at Golfland so you could play more free DDR, did you?
Because that's sad.
No, I didn't.
Sure.
I knew people that were there and they knew me and it made it easier to get a job there
for a summer job to get money to go to college.
The free only $20 in tokens every two weeks that I got
wasn't that big.
But hey, at least I got to play some stuff.
Alright, that's Black Lab, everybody.
Yay.
Alright.
So, what do we talk about now? We've got to fill three hours in this fish.
This is the moment on Orange Island where we yodel.
Give the mic to Loki, he's got something to say.
Has anyone out there seen that show Three South?
Three South? No, what station is that on?
MTV.
No, I don't watch crap.
I broke the clip again.
Okay, anyways, no, it's this really cool cartoon.
Do you want the clip or the mic?
I want the clip.
Okay, anyways, so it's this really pretty funny show, actually.
It's the new cartoon they have on there, and it's about these three college guys
And from what I gathered, they're pretty retarded.
Uh, SoCalKick says it's stupid.
I watched it, it was funny.
Your opinion counts for Jack.
Anyways.
So, it was pretty funny, um, it was about...
Today's episode is about constructing the, uh, Stomach Pump 2000.
Right.
Is that like Sorority Life, but animated?
With less bitching and, uh, no hot chicks and...
Sorority Life was set in Davis.
That's something Davis is famous for.
Yeah, now we know publicly that there's plenty of bitches in fucking Davis.
Yeah, and that really helps me a lot.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I'm sorry to interrupt, you were talking about some crappy show on MTV.
It was entertaining, okay?
I mean, I had fun watching it.
I now know it's on Thursdays, it gives me something to watch on Thursdays before I'm waiting for
I don't know the daily the daily show with Jon Stewart. Yeah, that's quality television that show owns
That show I don't know where the pin is. I'd lost the pin
I broke the clip again cool didn't you think some of the older animated shows on MTV were much better though like
Beavis and Butthead
beyond television
Huh with television that brought birth to both of those two shows. Yes
Siffle and Ollie
with alex winner hasn't built those have been
uh...
i just remember the one show where he got shot in the head beginning of it
and so the whole out that he was bleeding
he didn't realize until
he reached up scratch his head and then
yes i'm reading and i
well then there is this two other shows that we probably want to forget about
the state
the state or would
the state was like the best of it sorry
i'm talking about and uh... i wasn't like the head
I liked the head, fuck you.
She likes head.
Anyways, and then there's also the uh... the Max.
The Max was cool too.
It was comic book genius.
I liked when they were talking about the Izzes. The ones that were just like... I think it was the Izzes.
The uh... stupid slugs that would jump like fifty feet in the air and then couldn't land.
They'd jump and just splat. It was cool.
You know what we need an animated series of?
Johnny the Homicidal Maniac.
Well, we have Zim.
Oh fuck that dude, Johnny the Homicidal Maniac would be awesome.
Maybe later.
Like little shorts of Happy Noodle Boy.
Just Happy Noodle Boy would even be good.
The chat room, Vandalous in the chat room is asking, does anybody remember a show on
Nickelodeon called Turkey Television?
I barely remember it. I remember not liking it.
I remember the name but like
barely anything about it.
i used to watch out of control
was that the one that the guy we cut it out was that
yeah i think that's good
yes
the one that would like to be longer yes all of that shows that mark summer from
double-dare but it wasn't yes i know what you're talking about it was the guy
from full house
he did the cut it out
yeah i hella remember that show
and uh... well i remember seeing a land when you can't have a long as we're
reminiscing about old school and we know what else is right about here
fun house with jd ross
that shows off them
that show bucky rule
i had i had a computer game that had
that uh... of but how's that with this shit i was actually look at stuff about
fun house this week and they have they had a jd ross fan club and then talk
about that i think
fucking uh... homo like
he had a little homo pedophile i swear to god he's like sending like
photos of him just all sprawled out for children said
enjoy any
As Loki's imitating the pictures here in the corner of the room.
That guy was sad.
That guy was really sad.
He was like
one step below Vanilla Ice.
And just horrible.
I remember that show, but remember that J.D. Roth was also the host of GameProTV.
Well, I just brought this show to a screeching halt with that name.
No, I have to say though that Funhaus was awesome.
It was kind of funny, though, because some of the prizes that they had to get, they had to stick through their head with, like, Velcro.
It was like they'd have giant, like, boxes with the brand new Nintendo system.
So they'd just, you know, stick that through their head and they'd have to run out and they'd get, like, cash and money and prizes and shit.
It was awesome. That show was awesome.
Ah, you'll appreciate this one, Jamie. I know you knew this show.
Skyline's asking if you remember a show called Out of This World.
Yes.
It was, ding!
You put your fingers together and...
Okay in my life journal one of my old icons was Troy her dad
Showed the 280 shows I remember because they used to be on my wedding small wonder. Thank you very much that show is the shit
And the the girl I used to actually have a crush on punky Brewster
Soleil moon fry
Dude, did you hear Soleil moon for I had to get a boob job. She got her boobs reduced because they were so big
I just couldn't believe that that Punky Brewster had big tits because you know when when you saw her she had no tits
She was five
Twelve
You know speaking
We're kind of been talking about game shows and TV shows you ever hear those rumors a while back that they were filming a pilot for
A Dance Dance Revolution game show which has to be the dumbest idea. I've ever heard in my entire life
Code of Crap!
Exactly, it's not even a bad joke.
You know, that took off as well as, uh, the DDR Movie?
No, it was the DDR Freak movie, remember?
Yes, it was a movie called DDR Freak.
I've seen the supposed script for it and it was bullshit.
Was that the script that started at Milpitas Golf Land?
Because that was like, faker than Elizabeth Berkley's moves.
least moves i tried
who wrote that again
uh... i'm pretty sure it was one of the south bay folks but i i i actually tried
at the time to get the script for it
however the only way you can get
was it
uh... i think i thought it was
uh... the name popping in my head was nashi
i'm sure it's somebody that's now banned from d r freak anyways and for writing
that piece of crap you deserved it i'm just kidding i actually i tried getting
You know, I almost wanted to sign up for that just because I wanted to know. I wanted to know how fake this shit was.
Someone posted the whole script on DDR Freak. You could just go click the link and get it.
Really? I thought it was fake, though.
It was in a thread. The supposed script, it was on there.
Interesting.
Yeah, well, it was crap.
I would have liked to see it made. To be honest, I've seen worse made, and it's actually sold.
I think they could make a DDR movie, but not that group that was trying to do it.
What the fuck did you do to pay money to be in a movie?
Let me go over a couple.
Pay money to audition? That's lame.
A couple actual movies that are out here. Let's just see here.
Spectrum Entertainment, they're an awesome company that services anything that they get their hands on.
And I mean anything.
Let's see, we've got Anklebiters, the all midget vampire movie.
That one's great.
We have one that's called Night Chills. It's about this guy that plays Dungeons and Dragons and then all of a sudden people are getting killed that play Dungeons and Dragons by this guy that's dressed up like a giant knight in armor suit thing. It's crap.
And then there's another one called Envy, full title Penis Envy.
It's about these two chicks that are wandering through the desert,
and they just decide, you know what?
Our lives would be a lot better if we had penises.
So what happens?
This giant drag queen fairy just saw the penis fairy goes,
oh, you all have penises now.
And it's a couple hours of them just doing shit with their penises
and growing mustaches.
And it's just really nasty shit.
And at the very end of the movie, they make a trip down to LA
to meet the penis fairy again and to get it removed and the ends of tragedy as one of
the girls gets shot and killed. I just really didn't care. There's no plot to the movie
at all other than what would happen if two white trash hookers got penises and started
right around screwing the white trash redneck locals there and yadda yadda yadda yadda.
And for some reason no one notices that they're chicks with mustaches with giant dicks.
Did they have boobs too? They had boobs and dicks?
Yeah, that would appear and disappear at will. It's, like, fucking weird, okay?
This weird shit that this company pays for, and people fucking buy this shit.
I'm like... You did.
Apparently. No, I got it for free. I don't buy that shit. But you watched it, you wasted two hours of your life.
Well, hell dude, I gotta see how crappy this... You wanted to see Chicks with Dicks.
Hey, listen, I collect bad movies. Chicks with Dicks!
I actually have a collection of the worst movies known to man, and I actually go out
of my way to find these movies and buy them.
The next two movies that I have being sent to me are Feeders 2, Rated 1, the lowest rated
movie ever watched on something-awful.com, so I'm getting that movie.
Don't forget Manos, The Hands of Fate.
Oh, God, that movie is so bad, it put me to sleep watching it on the Mystery Science Theater
3000 version.
It was so bad that Dr. Forrester apologized for making them watch it.
It was awful.
And then there was also, what other ones did we get?
Oh, of course, Wild Zero is pretty bad.
That Japanese rock and roll punk.
It was a punk rock zombie alien movie with some chick that was a guy.
Weird shit.
I don't know.
What other movies did I watch that were really crappy?
Let me see here.
We had one. He came from Planet K.
I had one really funny part in it where the alien walked up to this guy who got shot, picked up his gun,
shot him in the leg, killed his leg, shot him in his leg again, killed his leg, shot him in the leg again.
That was just hilarious at the time.
So now what's your plan? How are we gonna convince this company that they need to make a DDR movie?
Now I just made it to them. They're all it's done. Okay, we'll take well
So are we gonna have to have Jamie star in the movie and like grow a dick?
No
Do we have to do some stunts like that?
I use twin. I think I think you need some like up skirt panty cam stuff going there
maybe a zombie just for kicks maybe some topless chicks and an exploding toilet
and people who can't act to save their life oh yeah do it so we should all star
in it dude they should make they should make DDR freak the porno dude you could
cast like a bunch of hot Japanese chicks just playing DDR and how you sex on the
DDR freak and hot Japanese people are not like two things that can be used in the same
sex.
Fine!
Uh, DDR sex freaks or something like that, there you go.
First of all, there's already hentai art done involving a dance pad that I've seen one picture
because someone posted it somewhere.
I have not had the urge to go look for it, but I know it exists.
Why does it seem like that all of our conversations seem to stray back to porn?
That's alright.
It gets ratings.
I just don't know what it is.
Yeah, it's a little strange.
3-2-N-E.
But yeah, there were some really bad movies.
There's one that was like an American vampire, and that was with Carmen Electra.
And she was like some vampire, and then there was even...
They actually had a part in this movie, a track that you can listen to, that was making
fun of the movie.
so bad. They had a track, an audio track where people were making fun of the movie. I was
just like, okay. Interesting. Well, I think we need to make that our mission, is we need
to make an actual DDR movie. Orange Lounge, the motion picture. How about it? Let's break
out the 8mm cam. Jamie, take off your top. No, Rob. It's for artistic purposes. No, no,
No, Rob. No. I have a yo-yo.
Man, if only I hadn't gotten rid of my hooker hook up there, man. I could have, like, been
like, oh!
Wait, you knew a hooker or something?
Well, we can go into this story.
Oh, God. All right. Why not? We've got three hours to film now.
Okay. This is a story of how I accidentally met a hooker. And one can say, accidentally.
How does one accidentally meet a hooker? Well, it's quite interesting actually and here's here's how it goes. Okay, one day
I decided, you know, I took a Friday off and I needed to get my hair cut because you know
It kind of gets long sometimes so I got my hair cut and everything and this is during the summer ones
You just got a haircut or you got them all cut, huh?
Worst joke ever anyway, yeah first I went and got one cut then I realized oh they didn't do it
So anyway, so I got done getting my hair cut and I'm about to turn off from
Folsom Hair, which is obviously Folsom around here in the Sacramento area.
So I was about to turn off to go home, and it looks like, I swear to God, she couldn't have been that old.
I thought she was a high school student and looked like her little brother.
So she's like, can we get a ride down the street to our apartment?
She was in high school, I swear!
That's why I thought it was, and they're like, it's kinda hot out here, can we get a ride
down to our apartment?
I'm like, where do you guys live?
Oh, just Creekside.
I was like, oh okay, cause it was like a couple blocks down the street.
So I was fine.
So they got in the car, and so I couldn't quite make the left to go to Creekside, which
was two blocks to go around the block.
So we go around the block and stuff, and her kid, who I found out was her son, was playing
around in the backseat, cause I had a bunch of anime movies back there and stuff.
And she was talking to me, and she kept hitting on me.
She's all, she's all, so, what are you doing, lady?
Do you want, do you want to go out tonight?
There was stuff like that.
Hey, baby.
Stuff like that.
I was like, I'm all, uh, now I got a girlfriend, you know,
I, I'm actually, you know, we're going out later and stuff,
so I took her back to her place, and she's all, she's all,
can I give you gas money?
Yeah, Loki has a girlfriend that hates DDR.
Yeah, I'm just messing with you.
No, no, no. She'll play DDR just when I'm not there.
She played it, like, once in, uh, Tahoe. Oh, anyways, back to the story with the hooker.
So, so, she...
Oh, so we... I take her back to her apartment, and she's like,
Here, let me give you gas money. No, no, it's fine. It's fine.
And she's all, well...
Wait, so a hooker was gonna pay you?
What?
She was gonna pay me for gas money to give her a ride to her house.
Oh, right. Gas money. Gas money. Yes, okay, yes.
I refused the gas money because it was like...
I refuse the gas money because you know it was you know only if you were being a
good samaritan. I was being a good samaritan. It was only a few blocks and it was like
You were helping your fellow hooker. I didn't know she was a hooker, okay? We haven't
gotten to the part where I figured out she was a hooker. Right now I thought she was
some she and now she was. SoCalKick says she needed a fill up. Hey she was okay
she was pretty hot okay and she was no she's like I thought she was just some
really
really desperate single mom who wanted some action or some shit like that so
if i happen to look like she was in high school
at the time yes you look pretty young so
i i i place her anywhere from like
seventeen that twenty
low twenty range so
i'm not good with age
shipment nowadays in the pocket twelve-year-olds look like sixteen-year-old
so what am i supposed to judge anyway had to finish is ok
so
i did refuse my since you are here you are you are set up
so i was like
okay so
i went to our apartment probably mistake number one here warps
yeah all you were forced in a gunpoint into our apartment
i was not forced i wanted to get them so that i don't know all shit all you
wanted to taste the sweet juice yes
couple eight
went to apartment
phone rang
right when we got in there so
actually is kind of weird because i think quite you know
realize it at first but she told her son to go play because mommy was
working for some like that
hot
anyway so we went to the apartment
nagata said uh... and she was no
phone rings so
i just sat down drinking soda
and then like
midway out of
but you know works against is their mom on the phone
with her head over the phone
what that means that
do you want to blow job mike
uh...
no
what kind of man are you you know i said
but i said no that's morally said yes i want to blow job but not from you you
stinky or
so anyways so i said no she got the phone she cut it
explain to me how she was working she she thought i was like afraid that she
was a cop or something so
She pulls down her shirt to show me her tits, and says, you know...
Oh! How nice!
So there was some gratification in that.
Oh, yeah. Got a nice brush on.
Your reward!
A reward, I guess. But she was just trying to prove to me that she wasn't wired or some shit like that.
So I was like, oh, no, that's really alright.
And this is where I probably should have just said, fuck it, I'm leaving.
Yeah, just get me the hell out of here.
But she got to see some titties, so now you were kind of wondering what's going to happen next.
yes about it
so i just like okay now i i can't do that so
so she's like okay
will cast another favor i might
uh... right what's i need a ride down to ranch itself like
okay five that's on my way home so i was gonna get a ride down to rancho for some
reason
it's a good out fifty
and uh...
during the way she's no
talk to me and shit and she's like yeah
still try to push the whole she wants
to give me a blowjob thing
and okay
I mean, right after refusing so many times you'd think I'd say yes, but just for some
reason I still said no.
And so, she started explaining the whole basic business structure of prostitution, which
is quite interesting actually.
Was she talking about her boss?
No, actually she was the pimp.
Which is quite weird.
It was a really strange infrastructure she's got going there.
She's basically fine, you know, like, she's all, she's really easy to become, like, you know, pink. She's all, she's got to basically find women that are walking around, don't, you know, know where they're going or what, they'll look lost and stuff, and you just say you'll take care of them, that you can make, they can make lots of money and that kind of shit, and right now it's kind of tuning her out and listening to the radio, but, um, she, then she started talking about, like, how she, like, had a bunch of apartments in different places and stuff like that, and just crazy stuff.
So I took her to Rancho and she wanted, she saw some like other hooker walking around
like
A hooker buddy!
She wanted me to come, she wanted me to like come get this hooker that'd be like my hooker,
like I'd be the pimp for this hooker, and I'm like no that's alright, I'm all, I'm all,
I'm all, I gotta, and then she wanted to give me her pager number so in case I had any friends.
Now I thought about
Like refer a friend to the wonderful world of whoredom
off the top. I was like, maybe not. So then she got out of my car finally and that's why
I sped off and went back home.
Okay, now the question about all this. How the fuck does this have anything to do with
I don't know about Imani.
Did we actually talk about Imani all day?
Well shit, we're almost halfway through the show and we haven't talked about Imani.
Oh boy, okay.
Well, anything else to add to your little wonderful wide world of whoredom story there?
She also thought that I didn't want to blowjob her because she was black.
She tried to pull the race card on me.
you can get to the chatroom from there or if you want to send them over email, that's
certainly possible as well. Just send an email to orangeloungeloungeradio.com. You guys send
those right now.
No, you want to.
We're going to start off this break with something from Max USA, I think. It sounds like a good
idea. So, let's hear a song from Max USA and then we're going to come back and do the F-You's
of the week and we're going to work an erotic song into this break too because it's pretty
So, we'll see you guys in a little bit.
If you need to rise to a convention, rise away
Time's counting, the rhythm is a part of the music
We gotta get with it, the pain is centering
All my heart, even do it now, you're just a tango
Oh, yes, I ready to take that fall
If you need to make the call, then drop the ball
Get your hands off the ball
Drop the ball
Let me see that ball
Young God, you spilled my medicine
If you need to rise to a convention, rise away
The sun's bouncing, the rhythm's the march, the system's the winner
The pain is staring, all my heart is a-doin'
Now you must stand, go slower
The odds are raised to take that fall
And it's up to you to take that call
To drop the ball
To drop the ball
To drop the ball
Before we get into the next song, a real quick request, JB in the chat room wants to hear
Jamie say, poopy on JB's mommy. Poopy on JB's mommy. Big piles of feces.
I won't hold it back on you, c'mon, c'mon, I'll do some to you, I want you, so don't you deny that you, you, you, wanna fight forever, we can make it tonight, I really wanna hold you tight, a little bit, it's not enough, so gimme, gimme, gimme your love
So baby gimme gimme gimme your love
You need to know
Gimme gimme gimme your heart
So fast
Gimme gimme gimme a passion
Baby you left your body she's heart
Gimme gimme gimme your love
Baby hear me out
Gimme gimme gimme your fight
I want you
Gimme gimme gimme your body
Stay there, stay with me for a while
Come on
Gimme gimme gimme your love
Your love
Gimme, gimme, gimme your heart
All you do is call to me
It's not so easy
Can't you see I want you
But I want it too much
I'm so wild
Still with trust
Baby, gimme all your thoughts
Come on, let my mind get tough
Baby, make my answer pop
Gimme, gimme, gimme your heart
Baby, gimme, gimme, gimme your love
I need it so
Give me, give me inspections
So fast
Give me, give me, give me your passion
Baby let's
Your body take heart
So fast
Give me, give me, give me your love
Hit me now
Give me, give me, give me your smile
Won't you
Give me, give me, give me your body
Fish instead
Let's meet forever
Come on
Give me, give me, give me your love
Your love
Give me, give me, give me your all
Give me, give me, give me your love Give me, give me, give me your heart
Gimme, gimme, gimme your passion
Don't be alert
Your body takes part
So let's go
Gimme, gimme, gimme your love
Cause I need it so
Gimme, gimme, gimme your heart
Because I
Give me, gimme, gimme your passion
Let me be your last
Your body take part
So let's go
Gimme, gimme, gimme your love
Baby here's the1989
Gimme, gimme, gimme your fun
I want you
Gimme, gimme, gimme your body
And stay with me for a while
Come on, gimme, gimme, gimme your love, your love
Gimme gimme gimme your heart
Gonna make me feel like you're not in the screen, yeah
Gonna make me feel like you're not in the screen, yeah
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be summoned by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bimani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
You're listening to, uh, Porridge Lounge Radio, as somebody in the chatroom referred to it earlier.
It's porn-tastic. It's fat-tastic.
Makes my math wolta.
Where we don't talk about the money ever on this program. That's just a sideshow.
To DDR? Ha, ha, ha. Not here.
Anyway, now we're going to get into a part of the show that I know is Jamie's favorite segment, right?
Teehee.
Is this your favorite part of the show? Yes?
One of them.
One of them.
Alright, this is the FU of the week where Jamie just goes off on something that pisses her off and then we all play along. We all talk about things that piss us off. So, without further ado, Jamie, what the hell is pissing you off this time?
First thing that pisses me off is the fact that I've been using the same version of Slagwort. So, I think in the future we should use the, quote, Terror Mix.
then
early this morning
i was over here watching
showgirls
are
over here watching
went live on the show
which we do occasionally which is a more incentive to listen to our money is
more program twenty four hours a day, seven days a week, on this station.
Anyway,
I get home.
I knew Dan was going to be having people over for that piece of shit Xbox Live crap.
I go in there and there's like everybody and God in my living room. God was in
your living room? Well, no. Amazing. Because if God were there, he wouldn't be playing the Xbox.
Anyway, he'd be too busy smiting people. He'd be playing Animal Crossing.
Where everybody can be a god.
Anyway, I go, and there's just all this stuff, and I'm exhausted.
Look upstairs, just like through PBX, and then, and then Bailey will walk in, um, and...
Ryan, Black Lab.
...
I didn't... Yeah, it's Black Lab.
Um, they, they go through, they look like, uh, I don't know, like, pretty hyper, but Robert, like, he was about to...
I was tired.
Rise from your grave!
It was very hyper.
Did you hear that candy you ate?
No, it was actually caffeine.
Anyway, this is my fuck you, so leave your candy out of it.
Anyway, I go downstairs and say, okay, one last game.
Dan goes, no!
You knew we were going to be here.
Weeba-weeba-weeba-weeba-weeba-weeba-weeba-weeba.
How inconsiderate, you know? I come home, and I'm tired.
Was it his time of the month?
Yeah, it must have been.
He had the Oreo coke bowl with him.
Anyway, I admit I came home late, and that's one thing.
I would have thought that they would have wrapped it up by then, or would have just wrapped it up.
You came home late out of consideration for the party because you didn't want to see no stinkin' Xboxes
because they're just giant paperweights.
Instead I come home and there's five TVs in my living room and three Xboxes hooked up
and they're playing some stupid mecha ball game.
Mecha balls?
No, like you go to the one that's captured with five and you have to kick the balls off.
It's really stupid.
They were playing with balls obviously.
And it was fucking loud.
You've got a bunch of men in your living room playing with balls.
Yes.
Just checking.
So, I went upstairs and tried to make my icons, and I made like two Draco Malfoy ones.
I was like, this sucks.
So, this is what, you know, I thought that maybe he was going to be considerate and, you know, have everybody go home.
And then this is what I hear.
Okay, one more game!
Fuck!
I'm upstairs going, go home!
You heard me!
I was like, it's just going to come, I'm going to get out of my house, I want to go to bed, I would not have been able to go to bed with all of that bullshit going on.
And I was fucking tired. Okay, I had been up all, for a while.
You need to have your revenge. You need to have people over.
I've never been money party at my apartment.
No, you need to have people over for a gem marathon.
Yes.
No, I'll just have another good money party at the apartment.
And the last one we had, what, 20 people showed up?
Yeah, that's a lot of people.
In my living room!
Which, you know, the living room, you know, it's probably, it's a two bedroom, you only
have really a one, no, you have a two bedroom apartment.
I have a two bedroom, but it's a two story apartment.
Sort of like a townhouse, but not quite.
Anyway, you know, I'm trying not to dwell on it, but it really pissed me off.
And he's like mad at me for being mad at me, and I'm like, huh?
Excuse me?
You know, I've got it out of my system now. I'd love a little world where my displeasure is if you lose it through my live journal.
I want all the Xbox balls to die.
A big thank you to Xbox for ruining Jamie's life.
Fuck you, Gates. I hope you die. May your breaks fail on the freeway and you go off of a cliff and land in a gigantic tank of sulfuric acid and dissolve slowly for hours until you finally die.
And then I hope your soul doesn't go to hell or doesn't go to heaven. I hope you're stuck in purgatory where you're bored forever.
My, are you done ranting? Are you finished?
Excuse me, world! This is my segment, hello.
You know, all of your little input is just, you know, consequence. This is my segment.
It's funny, you just had to, like, reset the little F.U. song, like, three times by now.
I'm the ranty bitch of the show, I'm alone.
That's right, that's my role on the program. Music bitch.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
This is just, ugh, okay, I'm over, I'm good being seen without it. I've made several noises of the treasure.
Okay, breathe in, breathe out, do some yoga, drink some boba, feel better.
I get boba every night. This is a good fucking night. Anyway, next!
Alright, moving along.
Loki!
Alright, how can you possibly follow up that porn story?
Oh!
Um, let's see.
Well, I have to give a big F to my cold, which is now gone, thank god.
But it lasted too long, and it was annoying, so thank god it's gone.
I'm a big f-you to the putters at Golf Land because they keep chipping my shots.
Every time I hit the ball it goes flying up in the air.
I have to add to that because they're like made crooked.
I swear to God they are. I mean, I've looked at all of them when I worked there, and if you actually hold the putter up and look at it, the faces are crooked.
You can't putt straight with those things. They're made to fuck with you like that.
Yeah, see, they make the putters, just like they make all of the clubs. See, they go straight and then they turn, so you can hit the ball.
But I think that you meant the shaft.
No one likes a crooked shaft.
Like, how's it hanging? A little bent right now. Crooked.
It's all shrivels and two left.
That's actually a real, like, controller.
A crooked shaft.
uh...
another
yet the right to go back to it
can i finish thank you again i think that
now uh...
that if you go to the polls and like all the for being one of the devil
pulling out the fact that it's still going on
but it's very kiddo
i think they're called
uh... little homies
So I bought one, it's a stupid little thing that comes in above the wall.
Oh dude, the homies dolls, I know what you're talking about, they're cool.
So I took one of those and I took it to Golfland, and I wanted the homie to go down the rapids,
cause you know, that's what the homie's gonna do when the ball is go down the fucking rapids.
So I threw him up in the fountain and the fucking homie got stuck in the middle of the fountain
and the goddamn thing couldn't get it back and my homie's gone!
So anyways, an F.E. to the fountain that stole my homie, and uh, let's see, and uh, on top
of that, that'd be the prize for making me spend $200 there, for putting stuff very cheap
in uh, they had 40 speed CD burners for $19 there, how awesome is that?
I mean...
Good brand?
It was pretty decent, but I ended up buying a $129 one because it was Yamaha, and it burns
these really cool disc tattoo things that you can't see on normal discs, and they tell
you that in the manual, not on the outside of the box, so that kind of sucks.
F.D. and me were buying two Saturns and Kords for one, because I bought one from Denyos
from this chick that couldn't speak English, but it was $10, so I was like, okay.
And then this other one was like 75 and came with games and chords and shit, so I bought that and it was awesome.
But yeah, F.U., that stupid chick couldn't speak English because she's the only one who speaks English.
She lives in freaking the United States! Speak English, dammit!
We don't speak Italian here! English!
So, yeah.
Aside from that, F.U. and my mom for making me listen to this stupid, like, spa music tape on the way down the denials.
Okay, this guy, he took a cover, I mean, he was covering, like, for a release, and, uh, he called it Imagine.
I don't know if he was able to record it, so that's good.
Oh my God, I have some really weak FUs this week. Uh, FU for me not being a good FU.
Yeah, fuck you. Play my music.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
And F-you to my fucking, this coworker of mine, Linda,
Freakin' keeps telling me to get back to work and stop, you know, browsing the internet
when I have like the highest phone time out of the company, you know,
and I took like 400 calls in like one day and shit, which is pretty huge, and
and she just has the nerve to like start, you know, bitching at me about being on the phone.
Then she goes back and starts talking with the other girl who's not on the phone,
talking about, like, her boyfriend, or some guy that she thought was cute and had a nice
ass, and I'm just like, shit.
So yeah, I have to get her, and that's it. I'm good.
I have a couple FUs this week, believe it or not.
No!
My first FU goes to anybody I've ever gone out clubbing with before, because I've always had to drive in the past.
But this week, I got to be a participant in the drinking festivities when I went out to the bar.
I got so drunk off my ass, I had to be carried out of the bar, and I had so much fun that I've just been missing out all these years.
So, F people who always make me be the designated driver.
A big FU to Politary, I hate you.
Um, yes.
Everybody knows your collar is covered.
They're probably trying to do you a favor.
F you, lady.
No!
What's up on your foot?
Ow!
Watch out or I'll like, kick your face in.
Like, what's your face?
Uh, a big F you to my 2DX controller.
You're a piece of shit and I hate you.
that
and uh... i think if you did colors for the same reason
your position
uh...
if you do whatever called me during the show that was embarrassing
uh...
if you did anyone that doesn't live in sacramento because you live in a better
place i'm sure
no separate a visit
and she goes up to the public
you're right i'm sorry
and florida's also exempt from that because you have to add
all right so that's not that
they still met the fucking ballot calendar
or like uh... governor race
good doctor
working
Chad's! What's a Chad? What's that poop in the frickin' home for?
I swear to God, they're so stupid that- Oh. Yeah, they're stupid.
Stupid old people that live in Florida. Old people suck. That'd be the old people.
Watch it die! No one wants you around! It's why they're sitting in Florida! Just go die!
Die! No one misses you! Die! They'll make room for more resorts!
Florida is like the gateway to hell. It's like when I keep all the old people that wait to die.
Actually, hell is really close to there. It's a small little island, but yeah.
We can see hot people every day.
Oh, and F you to Spazzy, who's in the shower right now, because he got to go see hot people last night, and I didn't, and I'm jealous. So F you.
Okay, that's it. You get my turn now?
Yes, it's your turn, Dave.
No, I I get my song
my son
Literally, um, okay. I don't really have that many of you
But many of them are like Rob
Okay, first that's you to my parents for not wanting to take me out here
I have to uh, I actually have to stop that for a minute because I have to thank Dave parents for the taquitos. Oh
Okay
That's all tacos the taquitos
Okay
That was horrible, die!
Hehe, I...
The tackle you...
Ok, anyway, fuck them for not wanting to take me out here, and for making me read a hundred pages of a shitty-ass book today so I could come.
Because a yellow raft in blue water is crap. I hate reading.
And then, I also have Fuck You's to many QDX songs which I can't pass, such as Star Mine for the fucking last two seconds of it, because it has like 20 notes at once, and I always get down to 58% or whatever it is when you miss all of them, so fuck that, and fuck all the seven stars that I can't pass.
Okay. I think that's it. That's it.
It's Raining Men.
Fuck this song. Oh, wait, no.
And fuck Twen, because he said that he wanted to be fucked.
No, and he said that he wanted to be-
Whatever makes you happy.
He said that he wanted to be everyone's fuck you, so.
All right.
And now we're-
Is there any way he can get it?
And now we're going to go to Black Lab's FUs.
And this song is meant to be ironic.
It's the cat song.
Yay.
Okay, first, fuck this song. Because it's about cats. I would have rather heard who
let the dogs out than this. I can arrange that song.
Dude, it's a pussy song, okay? Like it. No. Okay, let's see. First of all, I think
it's due to my FUs of last week, so fuck that. Because I was not around. I was at home, most
of the weekend. Yeah, you had a birthday or something that you think's more important.
Oh, shut up, Robin!
I gotta kinda give F you to my nosey little roommate because just before I left for the weekend, last weekend, I found out that he found my live journal and read through every single entry.
And that kinda pissed me off.
Really?
It's on the internet. It's not private.
No, but the fact is is that-
But there's more to it.
there's more to it
They kind of had the consensus that I was going to go snap and fucking kill them because of all the ranting I do in my live journal.
Just say yes.
The fact that they actually went through and started using it against me was really irk me.
And then my roommate actually went and decided to instant message a couple of my friends from my friends list asking about this stuff.
And it was like, okay, that's just getting a bit too fucking nosy.
And that really pissed me off.
I think that's the first time anyone's ever said irk on this show.
I beg to differ. I believe I would have said that word in the past. Come on.
I like irks.
Irk. Like irkle.
I think I already said it before.
I will have to check the archives soon.
Anyway, Black Lapis is continuing.
Yes.
This is a fuse, please.
How does that continue?
Uh, let's see.
Fuck the dining halls at Davis, because you serve the same food over and over again, and I'm sick of it already, and next time I eat there, I swear I'm going to puke all over the table there.
What? No, let him finish. Let me finish, dammit! I'm just...
Let him move!
No. Let Twin move.
p0k3smot42o i like the rain for messing up this wheel on my bike so that now my brakes don't work
p0k3smot42o
p0k3smot42o I played for 10 or 11 straight hours before I decided, oh shit, I think I need to get some sleep. So I slept for 2 hours, and then went and played some more. And I still want to go back and play more now.
p0k3smot42o
FU2 Old Navy. That place is Satan.
It's just... it's evil. I hate the commercials. I hate the old stars that get on there.
For the stupid commercials, I wish they'd all go to hell.
And then the whole place, when you walk in there, it's just like one big giant Old Navy commercial.
It's like... it's like so ANNOYING! I hate them!
And the only reason I went there to buy clothes was because I had a fucking gift certificate for $50.
I thought I spent all the money on the gift certificate because I was trying to get out there as quick as possible.
And then I got there. Oh, you have $6 left in your cart! DAMMIT! NOOOO!
I'm gonna have to go back there and shop more.
No matter what, they're just gonna keep me there! No!
Anyways, that's it.
Looks like he's being sleepy.
I've had a vanilla coke and my chocolate cupcake and I still have to be tired.
dscs f me sky for making him work fuck being sick for almost two weeks fuck the doctors
for scaring him about possibly having tuberculosis and fuck homework
Fuck you to the doctor, which you don't know won't kill you.
Twins says, uh, fuck you to lesbians, fuck you to chicks without dicks, fuck you to chicks without tits.
Hey, hey, hey, okay, no titted chicks need lovin' to you, okay?
He said, F you to chicks without dicks.
Anywho, uh, fuck you to Loki for not giving him the pager number to that hooker.
I don't have the pager number, so how can I give it to you?
Uh, fuck you to still having his fucking cold, and fuck you to Mackintosh's.
And, Quinn, stop saying that, because I'll, like, hack your ass with my Mac, okay?
The Macs rule, bitch!
who canceled his show Dark Angel. Fuck you to the DMV just for being hell with the whole
Baskin-Robbins system going on. Now serving number twenty-one. Number twenty-one. Fuck
you to Dave for not beating the ancient boy game. And fuck you to Vid Power for not letting
me plug his restaurant. Dude, that game is a bit. I played for maybe half an hour straight,
And I could get down to one little fucking egg with two cracks in it, and I couldn't
beat it!
And it just bounced around and I hit it like thirty times back and forth, and it never
hit it.
It was such shit.
And then I was about to hit it, and then a pop-up window came and I lost!
Like fuck!
By the way, I'm being, I'm being told it's YOSPUB.
YOSPUB.
YOSPUB.
Yeah, YOSPUB, it wasn't my fault.
How far have you gotten?
Go YOSPUB yourself.
Anyway.
Andrew says, what are the FUs for?
I have a private message, what are the FUs for?
Hopefully you're getting the hit by this point.
DCB says, no FU, he just wants to plug his tournament.
Fremont 2, January 11, 2003 at Funtime Pizza.
He wants special FU music, but I didn't give it to him because I'm lazy.
SkylineDC505 says, F you to HISP for not letting me get sleep and sucking at Shaft and getting
me sick this weekend, thanks.
Dark Tetsuya says, fuck you to mom's work, that's why I miss Shaft.
Vid Pawa says, I don't have an F you of the week, but rather a thank you of the week.
Oh, he has a thank you of the week, how nice.
My thank you of the week goes to Cube Club, which is a public event sponsored by Nintendo
and Panasonic.
Basically, I played GameCube games and got free shit. Plus, I got a Nintendo wristband for beating total strangers at Mario Party 4, so thank you to the Cube Club!
Aw, wasn't that special?
I'm going to that Cube Club thing in, like, two weeks.
I gotta take a...
Where's the Cube Club? I wanna go to the Cube Club.
They're doing it in San Francisco, uh...
Are they gonna do it in Sacramento, I wonder?
I don't know if they're doing it in Sacramento.
I wanna go to the Cube Club!
They're doing it in San Francisco on Thanksgiving weekend.
I'm going! Yeah!
I'm going to whoop some ass at Mario Party and give myself some free shit.
See, what I'd do if I went to that thing is if someone started beating me at Mario Party, I'd just start kicking the ass of the person next to me.
I'd be like, you don't want to do that. Fucker!
Vandalus says, fuck you to Pac Bell for not installing DSL in his area. Dial-up sucks.
Crowny face.
Jomama says, fuck you to Toys R Us for being out of Yu-Gi-Oh cards.
For vandalism try win first try win first by the way you
Fuck you Gio because okay get this I
Know this is picky for me because being a Japanese major I go into the dance store to hang out sometimes
I have a comic book, one of the, this is how comics come in Japan when they're new, they
come in a bound volume of different comics in one volume. Well, I have a Yu-Gi-Oh! one
from 1991, okay? It's old! Get over it! It's a show about playing a card game! It's fucking
old! Yay! Then again, there's also Hikaru no Go, which is about playing Go. The cards
come to life, and the, you know, but I think that the anime is like Pokemon except with
cards
yeah and more strategy
which means it's just as lame as Pokemon
yeah but like the cards cost like four dollars a booster pack for some ridiculous amount of money
so remember this, Digimon owes you. Watch it in Japanese.
Digimon, I've never seen the Japanese.
I have sweeties with you so I will show you.
Oh, I remembered my F.U. now.
F.U. to my back for looking all ugly and F.U. to me for being tall because now I have nasty ass stretch marks on my back.
They're the most disgusting stretch marks of all time.
That was so pleasing to hear.
No, they're so disgusting.
I'll show you later.
Right.
I have a few more chat rooms.
Two more chat rooms, Matthews, and then we're done.
EOSFBB says his name changed time.
I did do him already, but I'm giving the correct pronunciation.
It's EOSFBB, whatever.
Okey-dokey.
And Andrew did submit an F.U. after all. He says F.U. Rob. Thank you.
Fuck you too, bitch.
That's it. Oh, I have to check the mailbag.
Mailbox! I predict emptiness.
Yeah, I predict emptiness too, but we're gonna check the mailbox.
If they don't know where to send emails by now, they're out of luck.
Orange Lounge Radio at Yahoo Deck Inn.
one unread message let's see I like radio I like oranges I like lounges I
like orange lounge radio wow what a concept beautiful I like anything's not
happy though no no alias just a Ryan G he's a real G what G all right we're
We're going to take another break.
On that note, we're going to take a quick break and we will come back and at that point
we're going to do a little segment we call listless.
And it's a five person listless tonight so it should be exciting.
The topic is very interesting, that's all I have to say.
So here we go, we're taking another quick break, we'll be back in a little bit, see
You
Saki no mienu tenka ini vasu ni sonai Iso mae lo mokigii kaga yo yo yo
You desu ka ka ka, yo mi vanta, komoshi oichi, shou ka, kankan
De no te do samame da jibushima gebe shaban Muka shikashi no tsuve de marumi e
Sei boku hou miyatasuka irika ise, mizu kara ji tai kya
Tsurudame ni mae ni mae ne, ni punei hou
Mi desu ko mou shika oka iho ga mou do roka Nan de no ga su mae ni mae ni mae ne
Me lo mae ni tasu, maru doba, zon, tasu, no kabe ukabe
Hey!
One, two, one, two, three, four!
This is the first time I saw this kind of reproduce in the magazine!
What do you think of the Orange Lounge main line of music in Moore's show?
The music is like being transported to this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly. It's like being in a club except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
Hi. You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We're back.
No one would dance with that guy even if he did ask.
The only decent DDR film ever made, by the way.
Oh, that was fucking hilarious. Oh, oh, I'm sorry, Loki disagrees. That was stupid.
He disagrees it was decent.
So let's do our list list. Let's do our list list.
Alright, tonight on list list
I gotta find tonight's theme music, but why don't you tell us about the topic,
Jamie, for tonight's list list.
The topic is your favorite beverage to have while playing
a more active Bemani game, namely
DDR, Pada Pada, Dance Maniacs, or if you really get into it, Drum Mania.
You know, if you break a sweat playing 2DX, you know, all that wrist action.
Some people have a very big experience in their wrist action, so that's a problem for them.
But...
You know, hey, I know people that freestyle playing 2DX, namely me. It's fun.
So, I think that...
Let's explain, because this is the season premiere and we have some new people listening,
let's explain what List List is.
And it's not List List, it's List Less.
So List Less is the segment, now they get it, I just talk funny, I'm sorry.
List Less, this list, this list, this list, this list, Corky, this segment of the show,
we make the definitive list on some topic and basically the way it works is that we're
We're all going to name our top three, so we'll have a list of 15 beverages that are
great to play, that are great to drink while playing DDR, 2DX, whatever, and then we'll
all go around the room and everybody eliminates one thing from the list, and then the chat
room will vote to decide the ultimate DDR beverage, Bemani beverage.
So that's how it works, and if you ever saw the old VH1 show, the list, nothing to do
with it. Absolutely nothing to do with that. Nothing at all.
Okay, so... Wait, wait. That show is the stupidest fucking
show ever. Because, okay, they let the audience pick their favorite that gets put on the list,
but the audience already picked their favorite. So why wouldn't they just pick it again?
The reason why that show sucked is that Lauryn Hill somehow ended up on every single list
they ever did. It could be best male artist of the 80s, and Lauryn Hill was number one.
every time
every time
no and needed one
good album one good album i mean let's check out the food you select you don't
cuz that wasn't so
but it was a whole nother and let's go for a little
all that they'll do it after the war in hill fans next week
uh... because i'm special off
my number three
is oxygenated water
oxygenated water i don't remember the brand but i bought oxygenated water one
time and I felt like absolutely freaking refreshed after it. It was really cool.
Do you guys see the same thing just by shaking up a bottle of water?
I mean, that's oxygenated.
This is like super oxygenated water. I don't know. But it was kind of cool and I felt a little lightheaded.
So, um, yeah. Next.
Ah, Loki, your number three choice for best beverage for baloney.
I only really drink one thing, um, the rest are just gonna be what I would be drinking
if I wasn't drinking one thing. I'm gonna have to say a 40 ounce malt liquor.
That's the winner. No need to have anything. Alright, 40 ounce malt liquor.
A freshy smooth malt 45. We're gonna have Billy D. Williams come out
and play DDR. Okay, now, uh...
Dave, you're number three Vic.
Yeah, um, I don't really drink too many varieties of drinks or soft drinks or power drinks or,
you know, sports drinks or whatever, but I know that one drink that gets me hyper as
fuck so I can play keto and get all the way to Max X is Jolt, because that gets me so
hyped up.
Jolt!
All the sugar and twice the caffeine.
That's what got me through college by the way.
Yes.
Jolt. Okay, Black Lab, your number three choice for Best Pamani Beverage.
Alright, here. As you may not know, the only DDR machine in Davis is in a Tapioca Express.
Excuse me.
So, appropriately enough, one of the drinks that I usually get every time I go in there would be a strawberry snow bubble for Tapioca Express.
It's kind of like a Slurpee.
So you're specifically stating a strawberry snow bubble?
Yes, I am.
yes i am okay
just wanted to double check
well well
i know it'll get wiped out for these i just need something to fill space
yeah it was
it's like kinda like a Slurpee except it's like they use like a special syrup in it
and it's kinda like they use milk in it too so it's like milky and it's like really really really really good
and plus it's really good when you have taffy okay
alright strawberry snow bubble from black lab
my number three pick for best mamani beverage and if you've ever
if you've ever been to one of my infamous house parties
you'll know why i'm naming this one
my number three pick is goldschlager
instant fun just add goldschlager
is my number three pick and for the kitty that's all i have to say
for all the kitties it basically tastes like um... drinking cough syrup but it
fucks you right up
bucks you right out here
is very propel very propel i usually have this with me more often than my
number one choice because my number one choice is harder to find
however
there's a bottle of berry propel freakin sitting in rob's
refrigerator because i bought it but i had to have my vanilla coke first
all right so berry propel
jamie's number two drink
lucky you're number two pick for best money beverage
early have anything other than my
number one
so i have to go with imported mexican
what it makes him what
tequila
Is that what the cayenne pepper to go with it and keep you from pooping?
Imported Mexican tap water!
By the way, a little note of fact for people who don't have the, you know, years of natural healing experience that I do.
If you're going to go to Mexico and drink the water,
better eat cayenne pepper before you do, because it will keep you from shitting all over everything.
Okay.
Oh, Jesus.
Alright, um, where are we?
Dave, yes, you're number two choice.
I'm not sure I can be imported next tap water, but my number two choice is vanilla coke icy.
Because those things are hella good, and they're really, really sweet, like twice as sweet as a normal vanilla coke.
Vanilla coke icy, good choice, good choice.
Quack quack, be your number two pick, please.
This one of mine is just like a recently discovered thing, I just tried it out once, it was like, oh, this is hella good.
It's made by Snapple. It's the Atomic Elements drink, which is the jack-apple flavor.
It's got caffeine and ginseng and a bunch of other good shit that keeps me awake and hella hyper.
And that's one of the things that I had last night that helped contribute to my 2D expansion.
Very nice.
My number two pick? My number two pick was Red Bull and Malibu.
However, at the risk of sounding like a lush, I'm just going to cut that to Red Bull.
That's the drink that looks like urine.
Yes, the drink that smells like pussy.
Or so I've heard.
It actually does look like urine.
Yeah, it does look like pee.
But you know, my favorite bar has it now where it comes out of the spray.
Like, they don't even have to open up the cans anymore. It's just right in the tap.
It's like Pepsi, Sprite, Red Bull. Fucking rules.
Alright, so now we're down to our number one pick, Jamie, your number one best Bemani
beverage.
Well, I have often said that one of these days I'm actually going to own one of the
vending machines for this beverage.
I have ordered this stuff plenty of times and brought it in to our figgle to play and
drink and stuff.
Pocari Sweat, the drink that actually does look like sweat, and it tastes much better
than Gatorade.
Pocari Sweat.
Yes.
Alright.
It's sweat-a-licious.
Pocari Sweat is kind of an intimidating name to me, I don't know.
I don't know how I feel about Pocari Sweat.
But anyway, let's move right along, shall we?
Loki, your number one pick for best bemani beverage.
I'm just going to go with Surge, because I love that stuff.
It's good.
Surge!
Surge sounds like it should be with Slim Jim, I don't know.
Alright, so Surge, which they don't even make anymore, correct?
I can't believe I was like, after I said vanilla coca ice, I completely forgot what I was going
to say for this one, but I finally remembered. Hawaiian punch. Because they sell that down
at the shell for like 99 cents for a two liter, and I remember the days when it's raining,
and everyone runs over there and buys like ten of them, and then you all just take them
back and put them in between the two DVR machines.
just take them back and put them in between the two DVR machines.
Would you like a nice Hawaiian punch?
Punch.
Don't punch!
BlackWav, your number one choice, please, for Best Pay Money beverage.
As the people in the room can see, I have a hat on.
It has the logo splattered all over it.
And for those of you that aren't in the room and can't see it,
it happens to be Mountain Dew Code Red.
kostjamrh That shit tastes worse than Cherry Nyquil.
Does not.
No!
Touch code red and die!
Alright, my number one pick.
Now, those of you who know, I know we have a lot of people from Vegas in the chatroom,
so I know you guys will agree with me on this one, because this is the best Bimani drink I've ever had.
I had the most fun playing Bimani.
Who's in Vegas?
We have a few people from Vegas in the chatroom.
Isn't like, Geos, Listen, Maple?
Yes, I believe they're from Vegas.
We have Maple also, right?
No, Maple's in the bag.
Oh, really? Okay, never mind.
You don't know what you're talking about!
I believe VidPower is from Vegas.
We have some other folks there.
Anyway, can I finish? Can I finish?
No.
So those of you in Vegas know about the Hilton.
And the Hilton's got this little place called the Star Trek Experience.
And at that experience, they sell a drink.
Oh, you bitch.
The Warp Core Breach, ladies and gentlemen.
I fucking love the Warp Core Breach.
I have done drunken DDR on the Warp Core Breach and it is the shit.
Warp Core Breach, seven different kinds of Bacardi, Asobi, and Razzmatazz, all mixed together in a fish bowl, served with dry ice, and they won't serve it to just one person.
Well, you can't order a one-person serving of it.
Although, oh yeah, yes, they have it different now. You can order a one-person serving of it.
Well, the DDR Freak Moderator's Trip, I have a friend that lives in Vegas, my friend Sierra.
It was me and Iguana Girl and her boyfriend, Islander, and my friend, T'Nara, and her man.
We all go to the Warp-
We all go to the Warpcore Beach.
We all go to the Star Trek Experience and proceed to go on the ride once.
Then have Warpcore Beach go on the ride again.
That's exactly what I did at the 25th RockyCon, which was the first time I ever saw DDR, by the way.
Well, my friends left, and it was just me and Iguana Girl and Islander,
and we all decided that we were going to go over to Circus Circus and play DDR there.
That's exactly what I ended up doing. I believe I threw up the Romulan chicken strips later that night.
It was a tribute to that first time on DDR.
And half the tab was broken, and it was just like the...
Drunken DDR is cool.
Drunken DDR rules.
So now here we do. We have a list. I was not expecting the list to look this diverse, that's for sure.
A few notable exceptions. According to our chat room, we have made a few notable exceptions, including...
Water?
I said oxygenated water.
Pepsi Blue is the big thing right now.
thing right now. That stuff is shit. It tastes like someone ate strawberries and puked them.
I was thinking about that, but vanilla coke icees, like, so own that, because they do.
That Pepsi Blue shit is nasty. Actually, I would have said Pepsi Blue because I don't
actually like it, but it's really heavily- Yeah, but you also like to go red. Well, yeah.
I think it's really too heavily carbonated for me, and it makes me gassy. It makes you
fart. I heard it makes you shit green, but I haven't really tested that. Anyway, nope,
nope alright
and then uh... also uh... pussy juice was another suggestion
i was actually thinking of saying that
but then i was like no red fusion
a bunch of those new trendy drinks that's the new
all right so uh... you know a bunch of those new trendy drinks so they didn't make the list
so f you
water here's our list oxygenated water forty ounce malt liquor jolt strawberry
snow bubble goldschlager berry propel
imported mexican tap water
Vanilla Coke Icy, Snapple Atomic Elements, Red Bull, Pocari Sweat, Surge, Hawaiian Punch,
Mountain Dew Code Red, and a Warp Core Breach.
So we're going to start eliminating shit from this list right now.
Jamie, what the fuck's coming off this list?
The imported Mexican tap water.
I would prefer not to play DDR and something like explosive diarrhea.
Diarrhea diarrhea revolution.
So imported Mexican tap water is coming off the list.
We have a cry.
Loki, what's coming off the list?
I'm going to have to say goodbye to Red Bull because, yeah, it does look like pee.
It smells like pee and probably is pee, but that's all right.
All right, so Red Bull's gone.
Fine.
But you know what? You've got to mix it with Malibu, but I didn't want to sound like a lush
because I don't know if you realize, but all my other drinks are alcoholics.
So anyway.
Okay.
Dave, what's coming off the list?
Having not had most of these, such as the warp core breach, or something like that,
or, you know, gold schlocker.
You're just going to have to trust us.
I think I'll take, yeah, I know.
I think I'll take off the strawberry snow bubble because, what, I mean, it would seem,
it would seem like it would be too heavy to play DDR afterwards if it was all milky.
I know, but it just doesn't seem like the type of DDR drink.
I think they'll go have a strawberry snow bubble and go play Waka-Laka.
I wouldn't have been able to do that in the first place because it's only a max one.
Strawberry snow bubbles off the list. All right.
Black Lab, what's coming off this list of what's left here?
Yeah. Let's see.
As original as some of these are, hmm.
I'd say the 40-ouncer has to go.
That's just a bit too much liquid to drink while you're playing.
small lickers coming off
he just made billy p cry
how i would like to watch him cry
i come home from a hard day of playing ddr i like to relax with a nice ice cold
cold forty-five
so oh another notable exception we left off the list balls
ball
let's give balls the honorable thing
if balls got forgotten obviously none of us are drinking balls
and i think
Maybe if we thought of it before we started eliminating drinks, then yes, but no, too
late now, too late now.
It gets an honorable mention, how's that?
Falls gets an honorable mention.
I'm sorry, can you repeat that?
Yes, you have to repeat it.
Black Lab said, I said I had never had Falls, and referring to the drink!
Blue Balls on top of that.
Anyway, can I finish, do I get to take my drink off now?
My drink, this is an easy pick for me. I think this tough stuff tastes like turpentine, cat pee, I hate it. Bye bye, Serge. I hate Serge.
Dude, I fucking love Serge.
Dude, this is the first time that none of mine have been eliminated ever. I've been keeping track.
Poor Matt is denied. You are denied.
For those keeping score at home, all of Loki's picks got eliminated.
And how does that make you feel?
That's right.
Olive.
God, Surge tastes like shit.
How come we're not even that light?
Okay, important.
Okay, you don't like Surge that you can drink that pesky blue shit?
Yes.
For the record, yes.
For Lamb's Blood, but you know, I didn't add that on there.
Lamb's Blood? You're a sick bastard.
How about, like, cow brain mucus?
Alright.
Yeah, uh, you guys are weird. You guys are so weird.
I wish it was the time that we were at Brookfield and, uh, uh,
uh, sheep have ordered, uh, what was it, a, uh,
a monkey's brain, or something? I don't remember, I don't think that was it.
That was great. No, but he ordered it!
I'm loading up a song here to play
during the break here, so, um...
Hi, so what I'm gonna do, what I'm gonna do is I'm going to have Jamie read the list
and then I'll paste it in the chat room and you guys will have five minutes to vote.
So, Jamie, would you please, oh wait, let me post it in the chat room.
You gotta send me your vote over private message in the chat room.
Jamie, would you be so kind as to read this list off?
There, un-highlighted.
Oxygenated water,
jolt,
gold slogger,
berry propel, vanilla cook IC,
snapple atomic elements,
Bokari Sweat, Hawaiian Punch, Mountain Dew Code Red, and a Warp Core Breach.
Alright, so there it is. Send me your votes over private message in the chat room. If they don't come over private message, they don't count.
In the meantime, we're going to take a really quick break. I'm just trying to queue up some music for you guys.
No, just to reiterate for you guys, what you vote for will not be taken off the list. We've already done that. That was all done in-house.
Were the celebrities, so we get to do that.
You guys are picking the winners, you guys are picking the top three.
So out of that list, you're just gonna send me your favorite.
And whatever gets the most votes, you know, wins first place, and whatever gets second
most votes gets second place.
So you're voting for your very favorite out of that list.
In the meantime, here's a song that is often requested on the station ever since we played
it on one of Jamie's 
Let's play some Tetris motherfucker.
Can't you feel it?
Can you feel it?
Can you feel it?
Can you feel it, feel it, can you feel it, feel it
Feel it
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
I thought you said you'd throw it in the back I thought you said you'd throw it in the back
And they're getting to it!
Oh, come on, y'all, let's get it goin'
Get it goin'
Get it, Joe!
Get it, jump!
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that this is your first time playing this
Today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter
A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hi.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and we just finished up, or we're finishing
up, we're bringing an end to our list-less segment where we are determining the best
Beymani drink, and this was the final list, what, Dave?
I just beat us in the disc on 2DX 7.
Wow yeah that's my fifth 7 star.
All the girls want to have sex with you now.
Oh yeah! How many of them are even listening?
I don't know how many girls are listening, I don't get that kind of breakdown.
Twin.
Anyway.
We're kidding.
Oh.
Newt. Newt. Newt. Anyway.
I just gave him a compliment.
This is the list.
Oxygenated water, jolt, goldschlager, berry propel, vanilla coke, icy,
Snapple Atomic Elements, Fakari Sweat, Hawaiian Punch, Mountain Dew Code Red, and a Warp Core
Breach.
And now...
Wait, wait, hold on, hold on.
What?
I just have to say, if like, if Twin was a girl, then his girlfriend would want to date
him.
Anyway!
She's in the lesbian drive.
Anyway!
What does that have to do with the money?
That is not cool.
Not cool.
Spray personal information out on the radio.
Nope.
Not cool.
Oh yeah, after you're talking about your whole hooker experience.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey, that is me sharing, okay?
That's not me sharing about someone else.
What?
Oh.
if the hooker was listening to the radio show. I didn't mean anything about it.
Can we read the list now or should we just throw the list away?
No, but I haven't read the top three. The climax of this whole segment. Surely you guys
wouldn't let me get through a segment without climaxing. No guy would.
Shirley Temple. Okay, go.
The number three best bemoni drink is Hawaiian Punch.
The number two best bemoni drink is Vanilla Coke Icy.
The number one best Bemani drink of all time is...
Pecari Sweat.
Jamie is a winner.
This is the second one I've gotten the first place on.
Alright so there you go, that is the list.
That's it, I know we still got a half hour of show left.
We don't end at 9 anymore, we end at 9.30.
yes low-key what
not plenty to fill a half an hour right
this is
for money
no i feel like that another her story all right i have one of her story and i
just
sam up there that's the same update at the end of the talk about it
i gave her saying that three makes a reason and finally announced
officially so it's on uh... judging
will begin
sometime i don't know i don't have the dates in front
uh... i know it ends on thirty-first that's one
results will be posted but
a lot of
december fifteenth when he said he really struck in my whatever it doesn't
matter have anyways
yeah it's on so it's just you know go check out the rules because there's
plenty of them
he needed if they're really being strict about what they're doing this time so do
you check that out
also there's another target going on it
i'm not even sure it is
I don't know, it's some other sim tournament that I really wasn't paying attention to.
Yeah, it's out there too, so I'm sure someone will...
Oh yes, and Make Edit Get Porn, that is still going on, so don't forget about that one.
One thing I forgot to ask about the Make Edit Get Porn contest is,
does everybody who enters get porn, or just the winners?
Just the winners.
Alright, just making sure.
I was going to say, that's a lot of porn for you to be sending out.
Oh, I could do it, but...
Alright.
So just the winners, just the top three.
Just the winners will get porn, so...
gets a little porn, second place gets... Nope, just first place. Oh, the first place
versus going to get all the porn? Yeah. That's a lot of porn. We'll see. We'll see how much
porn I can acquire from... And we're going to have an honorary... You have to specify
if you want girl porn or boy porn, because there is going to be a boy porn prize. Okay,
well, not by me, but yeah, we'll figure something out. We'll find something. Orange Lounge will
donate a boy porn prize. Okay. But anyways, yeah, Max Beats is the other one. That's the
other contest going on there and it's like five categories enter there no
prizes for that but yeah it's fun so go check that one out too and see other
than that there's been some updates DWI finally decided to well update their
stuff so now they're trying to play catch up there I guess playing catch up
anyways they added the extra extra stage support for that which no stepping is
They're still a good mile behind Stepmania.
There are no updates on Stepmania, but it's pretty good so far, so just check it out.
Other than that, DDRUK is putting together a lot of full full sets of files to download.
They have full sets of Disney's Rave.
Well, I have to say that it's not completely full, they're missing some of the double steps, but, I mean, for the most part...
Yeah, it's just if you're being anal-retentive.
Yes. For the most part, it's complete. They also have full sets of Euromix 1 and 2, all synced, and they have Clubmix, the club of pens on there.
You're starting a fight here in the chatroom, StepMania versus DWI.
Oh, I don't care.
Let them fight! Let them kill each other!
Anyway, go check that out, and I know for a fact, because I kind of helped, that there will be a DD, um, Ohasta.
Ohasta rules. If we take another break before the end of the show, we'll play some Ohasta tracks.
They're going to be releasing a pack for that pretty soon, so...
I never did figure out the card thing in Ohasta.
Have you ever done any of the Tokimeki songs?
Yep, all of them.
Okay, I still haven't figured out how to get to that point because I have Tokimeki 2.
Yeah, I have all of them. I'm sure they'll be releasing a pack for that too.
I'm actually considering entering tourneymix3, by the way. I have to ask you if my song's been used before, though, but I'll ask you off-air. The one I want to do.
Well, I've already... yeah. See, this is what I've been doing today, is deciding which song I want to do. I've narrowed it down to a couple options.
I already know, but I have a feeling it's been done.
Okay, number one was Things of Mannery, and that was by Tack.
You'll instantly get my vote.
It's a six minute long song, I just cut it down to just over two minutes, two and a half minutes, so I have that one.
I have an 80's track that's being remixed, which is so far in the lead in my picks.
It's Amanda, originally by Boston, and it's covered by Brooklyn Queens. It's a Ford's Transmix.
It's a really catchy song, so maybe we can play that later.
Oh, I've heard of this album.
So, it's pretty sweet.
This is like another 80's trans- I'm gonna need to copy this before you leave, okay?
Yeah, okay.
It's got Journey on it, cool!
Yeah.
But it's not really Journey.
It's like an update.
I bought an album just like this the other- that's so crazy.
Cool.
What album did you get?
I got one, it's called Time After Time.
Damn it!
That's the one I've been looking for!
I got that one.
I need to get a copy of that.
Okay.
Alright.
Okay.
Back on the subject here, also a random Beatmania track. I was looking at Hyperband or Alien World. I think that's by Ping Pong. It's from Beatmania the final, I think.
But I was deciding between one of those, but it's probably going to be Amanda, because it's just a catchy song. I don't think I've recognized the original, but it's just a catchy song, and it'll be fine.
So now you're gonna get five people doing that because they all heard you were gonna do it.
They're all gonna copy you.
That's fine, whatever, I don't care.
But yeah, has that ever happened in those contests where two people end up doing the same song?
Yeah, um, there was one with, um, um, Mr. Larpus, I think.
Um, that was Tranny Mix 1, they did that.
Don't!
And, uh...
They both end up losing, huh?
Yep.
Because they cancel each other's votes out, so that's why I gotta make sure my song hasn't been done before.
Yeah, so I'm doing that one, and, uh...
And uh, it'll be pretty cool. I mean, I'm sure there'll be someone probably doing Sakura and someone probably doing Xenon, which those have been done. I mean, Sakura has 4,000 of them out there, so no one's gonna vote for that.
And I'm sure bmoni ruler sneak one out. There's only one song that he has, um, that was being released in the last set of release ones that he didn't quite get out, and that was The Return.
My guess, if he was to enter and be lazy and not actually make a new file, it'd be he'd
release the return.
Which I heard is a really good trance track, but it's seven minutes long, so that's probably
not going to happen.
But you know, maybe, who knows.
Really I don't care.
We shall see.
I don't really care.
He bitches too much about making sim files, and you know, so then he enters-
Didn't you already rant on this one week?
I think you did, because I was going through archives today making that new intro.
Yes, you did.
Maybe. Numerous times, no.
But yeah, also my site, of course gotta plug it again, leechfromloki.tk.
Gonna be getting to a point where I'm gonna try to upload every single BeatMania song I have made right now by other people.
I just got a few more the other day. I got Happy Wedding from...
Happy Do, Happy Do, Happy Do.
No, that's a different song. Okay.
I thought that was Happy Wedding.
Happy Wedding is the one that's like the rap over the piano music type thing, I don't remember.
Oh, maybe it's the long version, I'm thinking of it.
I don't know, whatever, anyways.
Happy Wedding, and I know there's a few other ones I got files for, so I'll be trying to upload.
I've got to reformat my whole pages to organize them in style groups and that type of thing,
so I can actually start uploading them easier that way, but that's a lot of work.
come see that next week. Maybe I'll try to upload something tonight. That's it. Oh, oh!
And releases, as far as home releases, Dancing Stage Party Edition finally came out. Only
problem is it has a huge freaking bug in it, which won't make it play on PS1s or Playstations,
so that kind of sucks. It only plays on PS2s for some reason, even though it's a PS1 game.
Whoops! Oopsie! You know, so that's not gonna... I want a copy of that, because I want to dance
to uh... kylee minnow
jim i had walked eight you know what i'm sure that i had
land
land
and i was really like um... people there there are in
now you can't wait and amar and that that's of the prior
so you price is out there
i want to crack the field
but i think that's a
they'll be not in the same and but i think that was just a very serious
Tranpower can definitely vouch for the fact that the sim is safe after Shaft, yes.
That's all the sim news right now, just keep looking, there's more stuff going on everywhere.
I was looking online today to see if there was any new news with that Feed a Fury, the Dreamcast game we talked about a couple weeks ago, and no, there's not. I was kind of disappointed.
I'll bring them next week I believe we you know what I think we did that one
episode you weren't here we went through it and we talked about Gameboy DDR music
yes I've never been to 2d x-mities ah 2d x-mities that would be a fun show wow
so what else going on DDR baumannii world right now anything shaft is over
shaft is over I know some big news and that's coming up what yes okay well
So we've got Southern Hills Golf Land is closing, that was one big news item that came out this
week, Shiggle, one of the big golf lands, of course, popular guy, Shiggle Boss over
on some of the message boards, and that place is closing.
Apparently what's happened is the city council has rezoned that area to be some residential
housing, so Shiggle's going to be closing down, and who knows where those games will
be going, probably to the Camelot Golf Land nearby.
I was just going to mention that if anyone looked at their calendar this week, they would notice that the 20th falls on a Wednesday next week.
And so 20 November, obviously you're going to have a bunch of new stuff going on in the DDR Spot.
Big Bahmani thing. I happen to know there's one major website relaunching on 20 November.
Yes, the number one...
You'll know the spot to go to.
Yes, ddrspot.com is relaunching starting on the 20th, so check that out.
I know SoCalKicks' site just relaunched on the 15th.
Actually, he had to cancel it. That was the big news. He had to cancel that.
And he has a new tagline, by the way. I'll show this to you guys now.
Because remember last week we were talking about the SoCalKicks tagline.
And we love SoCalKicks because he did the Orange Lounge website, so we forever owe him sexual favors.
No, you do.
No, not just me. But see, now he has a new tagline.
SCK accomplishes ultimate evolution just later.
Instead of just now, it'll be just later.
That's funny.
That kind of sucks for him. We'll hope that he can get his website back up soon.
I know, but my style is going to be doing something and same with 2dxstyle.com.
Oh, they're going to be doing some special shit.
So check those out on Wednesday.
And maybe OrangeLount Radio will do a special 20 November fuck off.
Oh, and you know what someone else is probably doing?
Or I should say a certain somebody with a certain journal will be probably talking about 20 November as well since that does come out that day too.
What about the 19th of November?
Yeah.
And everybody's neglecting 19 November, which is by far a better song.
Dear diary, today is 19 November.
Today is when I fap it furiously, because tomorrow Politary is coming to my house.
And I'll put pictures of the internet in my journal.
Speaking of journals, Jamie, you want to talk about the Orange Lounge Live Journal community that we have going now?
Yes. I set this up last Sunday right after the show.
If you go to livejournal.com
slash users slash orange lounge
that is our orange lounge community and if you wish to join it's open access however if
you fuck it up we'll kick your ass out.
And what kind of post will we expect to be seeing in the orange
lounge live journal community? Random shit. Just like this show.
Well basically you know those of us who have something to contribute to the show or the
big money community
or even things that have been slightly related like I posted deep thoughts in there
because we did talk about it last week
Or just, you know, things about the show, you know, we announced the time changes, different
things.
You know, go ahead and join up.
And make sure, by the way, that you actually join the community instead of set it to watch.
That way if you join the community, you can post to it.
Also, everybody who is a member of the community is also on the friends list page.
But again, don't fuck it up.
Yeah, you fuck it up, your ass is out.
Yeah, but please post because I think there's about five or six posts right now.
There's five, but there's plenty on the friends list.
We don't want to flood it though, so join, you don't have to post every day, but when
you have something orange loungy to say, post it.
I hate to disappoint everybody, but I don't know if I'd update my live journal ever.
Well now you have a reason to.
No, because the only time I talk in the live journal is like, guess what, my sim has a
thousand songs now!
Guess what, my sim has a thousand and five songs now!
So it's just like...
I have a question from the chat room, how exactly do I join the community?
Well, all you have to do, go to the info page.
When you go to the Orangetox community, there's an info page, and it'll say right at the top,
oh yeah, user info, if you want to join this community, click here.
And you want to list it as a friend, one of your friends.
If you just list it as a friend, you're only going to be watching it, you haven't actually
joined it.
If you go to the profile and hit the click here link to join the community, it will give
you the option to set it as part of your friends list automatically, so you don't have to click
the separate button on the profile page.
Thank you.
And we have a link posted in the chat room.
And another question, why can't we make it on U-Journal?
Because everything else is just a rip-off of Live Journal.
Actually, Live Journal is open source.
Live Journal is open source, so everything else basically rips off it.
If you really, really need a LiveJournal code, I've got a few extra, maybe...
I have a couple. If I think you don't suck, I'll give you one.
Yeah, PM me on a forum you know I'm on, and MAYBE I'll give you a code.
We'll see. MAYBE. MAYBE.
Possibly. Okay, well, other news. Any more money?
Um, no, but I was gonna say that if you ever catch me in the chat room,
you can almost guarantee that I'll be throwing up random porn links every now and then.
I've never seen you in there.
Loki comes in at about midnight.
Like seriously, it's a very late night.
Look at this chat room statistics page.
He is on there.
Just very late at night.
He's on there at the under 80 posts, I think.
Yes, one of the low posters.
He's like, fine, I'm going to post.
I think I've seen the channel like twice, okay?
I've been in there.
I was in there last night.
He's in there more often than I am
Yeah, well, I'm in there like more often than all y'all
Remember that one time I did the whole like, you know, I'm making a sim file while I'm chatting thing? Remember?
Yeah, that was what?
A big thank you by the way to all our chatters in the chat room tonight. We've been had a record
We were pushing 20 people there at one point in the chat room. So thanks you guys
You guys are cool
Blowing shit up in our chat room
I used to go in the chat room more often and so I got scared
Yeah, I mean there's a lot of if you look at the stats a lot of people are starting to idle more throughout the day and just
Talk at random points throughout the day. So that's what it is. So just come join our chat room
for a recent accomplishments that passed many double Oni's because
RVGL's
Max to machine was on free play. So yeah. Yeah, it was on free play because
Every Saturday morning they turn all the machines on free play and after they go around to each one by hand
So I guess they forgot happens and so I got to be lots of ones like template change and stuff. That's cool
Well, we're going to take another really quick break and we're going to come back and we're
going to wrap up the show with final thoughts and maybe another quick topic.
Oh, yes.
Look, before we break.
Really quick last minute.
It's kind of an F you that I forgot earlier.
Oh, boy.
Don't worry.
Okay.
It's a big F you to RVGL's ticket counting machine because the damn thing sucks in the
tickets and it's just all boop, boop, boop, like it'll suck in 20 tickets and count two.
So because they're stupid and lazy and don't have to do it, that's why they do it.
Alright, that's it.
Alright. Thank you very much.
We're going to take a quick break. We're going to start it off, as promised, with some Ohasta DDR.
An Ohasta DDR track, and then we're going to play...
What did you want, Jamie? You wanted Total Recall?
Total Recall. From Beatmania Fiskmix.
And then we will be back.
So, we'll be back very soon.
The early bird gets the worm!
Yeah!
I only stand so high for me
So high, make me ready for me
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Come on, get it!
Woo!
Come on, get it!
Make the beat pound
Come on, get it!
Make the beat pound
Come on, get it!
Amanda! Amanda! Amanda! Amanda!
Tomorrow's so far away, there's something I just have to say
I don't think I can hide what I'm feeling inside another day
Knowing I love you
I hope you know I do
And I'm getting too close again
I don't wanna see it end
If I tell you tonight
Will you turn up the light
And walk away
Knowing I love you
Oh Amanda, I'm gonna kill you right away, I can't wait another day
And I feel like today's the day I'm lookin' for my words today
Do you wanna be free? Are you ready for me to feel this way?
I don't wanna lose you No, no, no, no, no
Oh, you made me soon, I know
Feelings take so long to grow
If I tell you to take what you've done to me
And let me go
I don't wanna lose you
No, no, no, no, no, no
I'm gonna take you on these crimes and make you realize I'm a man of love
I'm gonna tell you right away I can't wait another day
I'm a man of love
I'm gonna say it like I can and make you understand I'm a man of love
I'm fine but I love you
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
us on all the fun together.
But hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great?
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Hey, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, season premiere, episode number 20, and Loki,
Do you want to remind our chatroom what that last song was that we just heard?
That last song was the song I'm doing for Turny Mix, probably.
But you're going to edit that down a little.
Well, I actually have an edited down version. I thought I burned it on the CD, but that's the CD I listened to in the car, so I guess not.
That's Amanda, which was originally done by the 80's group Boston, and this new version is done by Brooklyn Queens.
It's a Ford's Trance mix, and can be found on Vic Latino Presents 80's Now.
CD that was on sale at Tower, so go check it out. It's pretty good, but I'd probably
recommend Time After Time, which is the CD I was looking for.
I don't know. It's okay. It's okay. I bought it. But it's okay.
I was on 80 Music Kick after, you know, playing Grand Theft Auto Vice City, so I just had
to get some Remix City stuff.
What is up with this Grand Theft Auto Vice City thing? I never played those games, so...
Okay. Dance Door was a fucking nightmare the day that game came out. It was full of all
stupid people but the CDs oh my god the CDs are awesome because they have you
know and when you're playing GTA you can change the station and you have the the
DJ come up and they say something funny well the DJ's are on the CDs introducing
some of the tracks the Latino one is absolutely hilarious yes and there's a
new wave one too which I like so so we're coming into the final home
stretch of the show I thought maybe we go around and talk about our best
Spumani moment of the week maybe our big yes of the week since shaft picked up
like just in play 2d x like but but what'd you do I passed fantasy in like
seven so there you go okay I'm you know I'm always slow on so on the big money
games I will admit it but I had been trying to beat fantasy on light seven
forever it was one of two songs I had left to do on fourth style and I've been
getting 76, 78, 76, 78. I beat it with a 90% today, so I'm happy. And I'm getting there
on get on beat. And I almost beat voltage today.
Very cool. Any Bahmani moments of the week you would like to share with us?
I didn't really do anything other than download shit off the internet. That was Bahmani related.
I downloaded more sim files to add something like 1588 now or something like that.
But yeah, that's pretty much all I did, reorganize my sim stuff, updated some of my files with
full sets instead of just the partial shit I had.
And that's about it, I mean, update my website, fix some links and shit, direct this guy who
couldn't speak to find MP3s, so like I said.
black lab yes
besides the obvious part of me now being a bitch
of 2dx6 style
and 5th style and 4th style yes that's true and third style
which didn't have celebrate I couldn't find celebrate maybe I just don't have it unlocked yet
anyway anyways
let's see other than that I haven't done shit
bmani wise
haven't been to arcades, haven't been to tapioca express to play
i really didn't play that much bmani when i went to
went home over the weekend
and yeah
i'm deprived, help me please
oh, jamie has another one she wants to share
i full combo'd cowgirl
rad
gallops are one of my weakest things
go over for Boba and you beat it then? No, this was right after Shaft. I was damn
tired, exhausted, and hardly got to eat anything.
So right before they were going to take the machine off of event mode,
I was like, fuck all of you, I'm going to play, okay? Dammit, I've been running
back and forth
just so that you people could have a good time,
which I'm glad everyone did, and I was really happy.
I'm going to play DDR, hell!
So I played cowgirl, and I full combo'd it.
While I was dead tired, and then I went home and took a Vicodin.
You took some drugs!
I actually don't know why I came up with this anyway, so I don't have any of the money news to report. I barely played any at all. I played a little 2DX, I haven't passed shit, new, I'm still stuck at the same point I was. I keep fucking up like the last few measures of V, otherwise I could pass the goddamn song on 7 key. I haven't really passed anything else. I'm getting closer to DXY, that's about it.
personally so I guess it's about it we got only a few minutes left in the show
let's go around and get everybody's final worse Dave get Dave in here we
have to get final thought so what did he
okay so let's talk about everybody's final thought for today
I'll go final.
I'll go final.
You'll go final.
Loki, your final thought?
Um, definitely be watching the Fries ads because they've been having a lot of good stuff really
cheap lately.
I mean, you can't beat, if I didn't want to stick with the name-brand Yamaha, you know,
I could have gone with the verbatim CDR burner for $19, a 40-speed CD burner.
Let's just put it this way.
40 speed, I put my shoes on today while I was burning the CD, the CD burner finished
burning my CD before my shoes were on. I mean, that's just crazy shit right there. So, definitely
check that stuff out. Watch my site later this week. There should be some updates, I
hope, if I get around to it. I've been kind of busy. And, yeah, that kind of shit. So,
watch that. Look for Turny Mix because you're going to have a lot of cool files to download
there and, yeah, just that kind of stuff. Have fun.
Glad be a final thought for today.
Let's me think.
I have a paper due tomorrow morning that I need to finish when I get home.
Slacker.
Damn right I am.
And uh... let's see.
The next time Twinz says back suck, I'm going to go down to Florida and take one of those
puck mice from the early IMAX and shove it up his ass.
We don't want to go
to that area.
I don't want to know about
things going up Twinz's ass.
Hey, I mean, uh, I don't know.
Mac?
Rob!
I'm not done with my final thought yet, dammit.
You dammit.
Um.
Dammit?
You maybe forgot what I was gonna say.
Wrong text.
Yeah.
Uh.
Whatever.
Yeah, I had fun tonight.
Yee, go me.
No.
No, Loki.
You're done.
I let him talk.
Loki.
Expect some more Guitar Freak's 7th and 8th music and also popping music stuff to be appearing in our playlists later this week. Check it out.
We actually already have some 8th and 7th in there, but Popping Music, per that email, we ordered our albums and we got them. Wink wink. So we'll be adding the popping music stuff like we promised we would this week.
And um, the Paula Tamberry's, uh, the Paula Terry ban is over now, so...
No, no it's not!
Oh, we're gonna ban her for another week?
We'll ban her for a month.
We'll ban her till next year.
Alright, so uh, Paula Terry's banned for the rest of the year.
Um, and uh, my final thought is, uh, I still need a date, but it looks like I might have one this week, so that's cool.
Oooooooh!
And um, shut up.
And uh, I guess that's it, I need to go play DDR because I'm getting fat.
I don't like being fat.
That's it.
Jamie, your final thought?
That's it.
That's it, that's your final thought?
I guess Dave doesn't have final thought. Dave loses.
Dave doesn't have a single thought in his head.
Dave doesn't have a thought in his head.
Dave's final thought, oh yeah Dave pressed one.
So what do you guys think of
so what you guys think of
oh god
here he comes
i passed presto
what if we already said that get out of here you're you're banned with
paulitari
what's my bandwidth?
you and paulitari are getting locked in the closet
coming next week
coming next week is paulitari upskirt cam
exclusive
dear diary i would tell them i cause in those politics and it's a very good
what was that crap
we're going to get my closet you might ask well
and i will be in my next week's diary so what you guys think of the three hour
show
at the
yeah we're training
i was very disappointed there's no gilligan's island music in the intro
do to do to do i thought about it but that's so cliche i i promoted it is the
three hour tour so i was about it
what you think of three hours
at the hell of a lot better when you're actually in here
and even though it's kind of a small room it's a hell of a lot better
it's sitting down on my computer
and my ass getting numb
from not moving
but yeah otherwise that's cool
it would have been better if we had a lot more bimani news going on but
since everyone was kind of like nope
maybe we'll get out and do some interviews this week so I'll have something to talk about next week
I am very scared of the best of tape that you're going to put together here, but...
Coming soon.
Coming soon.
Do your worst.
And next week we need three microphones, just thought I'd mention that.
We'll see what we can do.
And another chair.
We'll see what we can do.
Oh, and the phone.
The magic phone box, too.
We can't do that.
We'll see what we can do.
All right.
Thanks for listening, everybody.
Thanks for going to take a nap.
We appreciate your support.
And remember, if you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
little man put that shit in my hand if that money doesn't show then you owe me
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
