Tonight, December 5th, 2010, video evidence shows the PSP phone may be the real deal.
PETA parodies Super Meat Boy to a strong response, and the video game song finally gets nominated
for a Grammy.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice.
We are live on this December 5th of 2010 at www.allgames.com for the 392nd episode of
our show.
That's a lot of shows.
Alright, my name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games with my awesome
co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I have a little dreidel.
Is it made out of clay?
I don't know.
Yes.
Alright.
No, mine was wood.
Happy Hanukkah, Ms. Summers.
Thank you.
How long have you been celebrating Hanukkah?
Did you do anything besides light some fire?
I went to Temple and Dan went with me.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Yeah, and we had lots of fire.
Nice.
Everyone brought their hanukiah, which is the hanukkah menorah.
And we lit candles on fire.
Good times.
It was gorgeous and very warm.
Well, is there any rock band?
Because I know you're, and for those that are new to OLR, Dark Sakura went through the
whole Judaism conversion, what about a year ago you probably started this?
Maybe a year and a half?
I started it in last July.
Okay, so it's been a little while.
But I know like now she has a lot of new friends through the Jew school, basically is what
I call it.
And the Jews love rock band.
So I'm kind of curious if you've gotten your rock band on during-
Well, my friends do.
Because that's the one thing I noticed, I came over once I think for Jamie's birthday
and you know, all the Jew school friends were here.
And they were loving some rock band and I was like, okay.
I didn't really play much rock band.
I've actually, I'm not going to be doing a lot of gaming for the next week and a half.
Because number one, Dan has Gran Turismo 5.
And number two, finals.
Bummer.
Yeah.
Busy week.
Bummer on both counts.
I'm just kidding.
I'm not hating on Gran Turismo 5.
I am.
Just to be serious, I'm not very good at the-
I'm angry.
I'm angry.
I'm angry.
I'm angry.
I'm great at arcade razors like Mario Kart and-
How can the Veyron not be a premium car?
IDK.
Bastards.
All right.
Also say hello to, we got to introduce tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you?
Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Oh, alrighty.
Good to hear it.
I know you're not, well no, your wife celebrates Hanukkah.
So have you been doing anything for that?
No.
No?
All right.
You're more of a, like a Chrismakka kind of family though, right?
A little bit?
Yeah.
Really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the retail Christmas.
There you go.
That works.
What are you, what are you knitting over there, Dark Stock?
Are you making arts and crafts at OLR?
Um, I'm making a hat for a present for a friend who wants a hat.
And I'm, I took some leftover yarn and made myself a knit headband so I could be trendy.
You could make one of those in like an orange color and probably sell it for like 20 bucks.
I know, there you go.
Maybe this is something I could do while I'm not working.
I also do want to take a moment to poll our listeners and send us an email.
Sure.
It's on our website at orangelandradio.com so Rob can read it.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Hey, um, who would be interested in an Orange Lounge book?
I got a text message about this.
I want to know more about your thoughts on this.
Why you suddenly want to do a book.
Well, I'm sure the not having a job right now has a lot to do with that.
To commemorate our fans and how, talk how awesome we are.
Would it be a pop up book?
Cause I'm not good with writing.
It would be a physical book to be ordered or an ebook.
An ebook.
Can it be something I listen to on my iPod?
Cause that makes sense.
Cause you know it is a radio show.
No, it's a physical book with pictures and links to goodies.
It's like the OLR yearbook.
And Easter eggs.
Alright.
Alright, well I got, I got to see what this is all about.
You know, one of, one of the other shows on all games does a magazine, the Electric Sisterhood
I think it is, does the magazine and I apologize if I'm misappropriating that, but you know,
it's been done where the shows move into other mediums.
So sure, OLR can have a book.
Why not?
I think Michelle on the Outsiders shows has a book deal, but I don't think it has anything
to do with her shows.
You know the, um, what is that site?
Oh God.
It's been everywhere and it's, it's her and her sister's site.
Uh, damn you autocorrect.
That's it.
Have you seen that site?
That's her site.
Oh.
And I think she's got a book now going on about it.
So you know.
Cool.
If, if all these other all games people can do a book, so can we.
Damn it.
Why not?
Alright, anyway.
Ours just won't be as good.
Okay, anyway.
I'm designing it.
It'll be amazing.
Oh.
Well, what'd you see?
I just got kicked in the face.
Alright, anyway.
Uh, all books aside, let's talk about video games and the games we've been playing this
week.
Dark Sakura, what types of games have you been playing this week?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Well, actually Star Trek Online because I'm updating the Tribble server right now.
At, like, 1K, so, um, I, uh, well, I played some solitaire.
I've been very busy because, um, the American River Review, which is the magazine that I've
done some design for, goes to print on Monday, and we had-
This is where the book idea's coming from.
No, actually, I got the idea from the book I did for my client because we just published
it.
Oh, okay.
Um, it was really easy.
So, uh, it'd be very easy for us to do a book.
But back to, back to, uh, this.
The American River Review, um, and as soon as we have the order information up, I'll
be linking it to everybody, because you have to buy a copy, um, but the American River
Review is, uh, all of the, uh, literature, the art, digital, physical media, fashion
and culinary for, um, American River College for 2011.
We win tons of awards.
We beat out big schools.
We are amazing.
I did the culinary section.
I designed it anyway.
And, um, I think it's, it's definitely, you know, something that anybody should have a
copy of because it really is an impressive product.
And we had our proofs.
We got our proofs last week, and so that's what's been taking up my time instead of games.
But you said the hubby's been playing Gran Turismo 5, right?
Oh, well, when we did have some Scott Pilgrim.
Oh, fun.
Yeah.
Uh, what is, is Gran Turismo 5 pretty?
Yes, except for the shadows are retarded.
A little early for that music.
Pretty as in that music.
As in that music?
Is this as pretty as that music?
Some of the music in the game is very elevator-y.
I, I just want to say-
Well, there's new My Chemical Romance in there that makes me happy.
Dark Soccer gave me a beer before tonight's show, so if things are a little bit off tonight,
like what just happened, you know what, just, just roll with it.
How's it off?
This always happens.
Well, at any rate, at any rate, um, it's, it's got some stuff that needs to be fixed.
I still hate that all the people around the track are like, we're just standing here,
we are stiff, we don't do anything but wave.
And I'd like to see more stuff going around, because, because the game can handle it, it's
just not.
And then-
You want to see some women flashing their titties as you drive by.
That's what, that's what the game needs.
It is, the cool thing in this game is that it has the, um, the Top Gear test track, and
the Stig.
And your driver looks kind of like the Stig from Top Gear.
But it doesn't have Rainbow Road, which is really disappointing.
It does have go-karts.
It would be awesome if they just, you know, cuz, come on, it's Gran Turismo, they take
themselves way too damn seriously, um, just throw in some wacky shit in there, it's like,
you know, we're driving in space now.
I mean, cuz it's a real, a realistic sim racing game, but just put it in some very unrealistic
situations and have fun.
Gran Turismo 6, in space!
At any rate, it is, uh, very British.
Um, and I really can't describe that other than just saying, watch the game, it's very
British.
Um, I totally laughed my ass off at the rally section, because Dan was trying to beat the
rally cars, you know, focus.
And uh, well I mean, that's a good rally car, so, but I was like, very hard, easy right?
You know, making, doing the, the Sega touring, or Sega rally voiceover, so it was pretty
funny.
Um, they're supposed to be doing a patch that's supposed to fix a lot of the problems, so,
we'll see.
I just sit in there sometimes and listen to the elevator music and usually I fall asleep
while Dan's playing.
So that's it.
Alright, let's go over to Loki!
How was your gaming week?
Doing, uh, you know, not too much gaming this week.
Uh, mainly though, been playing, uh, this is kind of funny, it's an iOS game called
Swords in Poker 2, and it's, it's really like, it's like a chibi role playing game, but the
whole battle system, not so much, I mean kind of like puzzle quests I guess, they, you have
a grid of, um, you start off with a grid of five by five, and then um, in the middle there's
a grid of, uh, three, three by three poker cards, and the whole goal is to make up different
poker hands, and by doing that you do specific amounts of damage to the monster that you're
attacking, and then, you know, the monster does the same thing as well, and you can charge
up a wild card and stuff, and then they have different magic that you can cast that rearranges
some of the cards or does different things, or, um, you know, shields that block certain
damage and stuff like that.
It's actually really fun.
I've been playing...
Is it a free game, or when you had to pay, or what?
Um, no, it does cost money.
Okay.
I don't know how much money, but it costs money.
Alright.
Um, and yeah, very awesome game, so I've been playing that most of the week, and then other
than that, just probably, uh, Grand Theft Auto.
That's pretty much it.
Go into our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, there's a little bit of chatter going on with
our ever-present fourth guest on the show, you guys.
Uh, lots of talk on Gran Turismo 5, Tigerclaw in our chatroom says, Gran Turismo 5 looks
so amazing, can't help but be mesmerized by the graphics as I watch people play the game
on Justin.tv.
And Justin.tv, from what I remember when we were doing our video feed on there, uh, in
the old studio, it doesn't...
It's not like it has the best quality, so if that still comes across really well, uh,
that's pretty amazing.
Um, Dart Datsuya says, reminds me, whatever happened to the Gran Turismo kids' things
they were supposedly doing?
I don't even remember that.
Wait, Loki just kind of did this, ah, bleh.
Hey, it'll never happen.
Who cares?
It stinks.
It'll be coming out soon.
By soon we mean six years, I don't know.
Alright.
Uh, let's see, and, uh, some of the folks in chat are talking a little bit about Gran
Turismo songs.
Uh, DJ Dark Knight says, need Kickstart My Heart, the best Gran Turismo song ever.
And Dark Datsuya says, actually, that's the first song on my Gran Turismo 3 playlist.
So, hm, a lot of talk about the soundtrack of Gran Turismo.
Have you noticed the soundtrack?
It's got new...
Well, I said earlier it has New My Chemical Romance in there.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
You were talking about all that.
Well, once...
That's a nova!
One song that I do not believe is on the Gran Turismo 5 soundtrack, but is in a game we're
gonna be talking about a little later tonight, is...
I believe you made me want to stay.
That's right, that Happy Hardcore song from Techno Kitten Adventure.
It's Sea of Love by Frisco, if you wanted to know who it is.
Uh, you might remember last week on the show, we got a tweet saying that we needed to check
out this game called Techno Kitten Adventure, and, uh, we were laughing our ass off, because
it's just awesome.
Like, you know, laughing with them, not at them.
Uh, it's, you know, as people who play DDR for years and years, um, you know, this type
of music's right up our alley, and the fact that this whole music video is, uh, interactive,
and, you know, when they talk about touching the sky, there's actually a little finger
that comes down and touches the sky.
Like, shit like that is hilarious.
So this game's a dollar, and it's on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
We're gonna have the creator of Techno Kitten Adventure on the show tonight.
That's right, from tweet to on-air interview in one week, it's amazing what can happen
here at OLR.
We're gonna have Nick from Techno Kitten Adventure at 7 o'clock, that's just over 30 minutes
away.
That's exciting.
Loki, you checked out Techno Kitten Adventure, huh?
You thought it was a little basic.
Uh, yeah, I played it a little bit, um, I don't know, it's similar to, I guess, like
the robot unicorn attack games, where the concept's very simple, but what draws you
into the game is just the fact that it's so unusual, I guess.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
But, I mean, the gameplay itself, it's all one button, you just, you know, a button to
control the thrust on a jetpack.
I just, I don't know, if I were to improve something upon the game, I would maybe tighten
up the controls a little bit, at level 3, um, and then also, uh, maybe, you know, make
it a little harder.
Well, we're gonna ask him if there's any plans for a sequel, because, uh, the game has shown
up in the top games on Xbox Live Indie Games, right?
It's there.
It's not like the number one game, but it's not number 500, it's there.
So we definitely wanna ask him about that.
And I played the game as well, and, you know, even though it is as basic, let's say, as
an Atari 2600 game, I think, in fact I'm pretty sure I played a game like this on Atari 2600,
I think the environment that he created and just the, um, you know, absurdity, outside
the box type of thinking he constructed the game around is clearly this, wouldn't this
be funny if I combined X with Y and made Z, and I think it really works, especially for
a dollar.
It's a dollar.
Rob.
Rob, what?
Dear, please don't say combine X, Y, make Z.
Why?
Algebra, hell.
Are you having, are you having, uh, flashbacks to school?
Ahhh!
Alright, now.
That's what my final's in.
If 2X plus Y equals Z, solve for kitten.
Meow.
Alright, so we're gonna talk a little bit about that, and I wanna know if he has any
other games on the marketplace as well, so we have to ask him all those questions, and
I think it's worth it for one whole dollar.
It's, it's the type of game you're gonna whip out a party and, like, look at what I
downloaded.
Bobby's giving Loki a hard time.
Why's that?
In chat?
You can't get more tight than one flippin' button.
Well, you know, we were talking to Bobby, and of course, Bobby Blackwolf is the gentleman
that does the show before us at All Games Radio, the Bobby, Bobby, the Blobbly, the
Bobby Blackwolf show, uh, every Sunday night at 5 Pacific, 8 Eastern, and he always has
us on at the very end of the show, which is very nice, he doesn't have to do that, but
we were talking about this game a little bit, and, uh, we were kind of talking about how
– we like that somebody went there and did this and didn't just try to make a, a clone
of some other game, because we're all about the whole kind of, like, absurd, outside-the-box
sorts of ideas.
Remember President Cat a year and a half ago?
Why were we all excited about President Cat?
It wasn't really the game itself, per se.
I'm sure the game itself was really just an average game, and I think a lot of the
blogs who ultimately reported on, wow, there's this podcast trying to get this game called
President Cat localized, what a bunch of weirdos, haha, I don't think they ever got that the
reason behind that wasn't necessarily the game itself, it was the fact that you look
at the Wii's lineup, and they're all clones of each other.
You know, it's, it's Nick Jr. games, and PopCap ripoffs galore, and Wii Sports ripoffs,
it's all the same damn thing.
President Cat, for what it's worth, was something different.
You play this cat driving a car and running a company, and it's, it's like that old,
uh –
Just playing the piano.
Yes, and absolutely playing the piano.
Why can't we get original shit like that?
You know, why do we have to get these games we know are sub-par and below?
It's just, I don't know.
Because we're America!
Yeah, I know.
Fuck you, man.
For everything is mediocre.
Ugh.
Alright, so anyway.
Oh yeah, uh, Majinma Khan in our chatroom says, uh, Muscle March.
That was a pretty unique Wii game, I will say that.
There was at least that, so, uh, it's, it's working.
Anyhow, uh, so we'll get to, uh, more talk on Techno Kitten Adventure in about 30 minutes,
but in the meantime, uh, my gaming week, I didn't talk about my gaming week, I, I guess
I mentioned Techno Kitten Adventure, and, uh, I didn't play a whole lot else.
I played quite a bit of World of Warcraft, because there's big changes going on this
week, but, um, you know, I have the other show for that now, uh, so not a whole lot
I want to say here, uh, otherwise other games I played some more Super Meat Boy, uh, which
I think is a great Xbox Live Arcade game, and, um, that was really about it.
I had a work trip this week, so I didn't really get to play a whole lot of games at
home.
So, sorry guys, I'll try to play more next week.
Anyhow, uh, housekeeping tonight, join our Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge
radio, and of course our Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r, we'll be taking Twitter topics
later in the show, so definitely submit those topics, and, uh, email, email our show, mailbag
at orange lounge radio dot com, Dark Soccer's gonna read those in part B a little later
in the show.
For now though, we're gonna get into the news, Loki's gonna start us off tonight with some
gaming news.
Oh yes, um, so, you know, it was funny because they were actually, uh, quoting, uh, one of
the quotes made about this device, allegedly, was that, where there's smoke there's fire,
well, I don't think you can get much more fire than this.
Uh, the Playstation phone, of course, remember a while back they had some not so clear video
of, you know, the device, and people were like, well, you know, it's probably changed
quite a bit since then and whatnot, but now they have really clear video, um, showing
this brand new, uh, device called the Sony Ericsson, uh, Zeus Z1 Playstation phone, and,
uh, it kinda shows some of the features it has, the slide out controls, the, you know,
dual kind of, uh, touchpad thing on the front that simulates the analog sticks, uh, of course,
you know, the shoulder buttons as well, um, something that looks like, uh, it made possibly
a front and back mounted camera, um, lots of neat stuff though that you would expect
in, like, a Playstation phone, um, and they even had some video, of course, showing them
going to, like, the actual Playstation mode where, um, you could play different games
and stuff, of course, there's no games loaded on there, so, couldn't really do anything
with that, um, but it's very interesting to see all this stuff, considering that they've
kinda been denying, you know, oh, yeah, we're not working on a Playstation phone. Obviously,
something I would be willing to bet you'll see at CES, cause they, like, shown off this
new hardware stuff and, you know, it seems right up their alley. Here's the question
I gotta ask about this, is this the same thing as the PSP2? Because we've heard rumors about
a PSP phone, and we've heard rumors about a PSP2, and my question is, is it actually
the same thing? Because I thought the rumors about there being, um, sliders on the back
and all this other weird stuff that we're seeing in this video was for the PSP2. And
now that you mention it, that does make sense, the one, the not so clear video or pictures
that we saw before were of the Playstation Portal 2. Of course, we've seen some pictures
before of the Playstation phone, but they're different. You know, just in the design of
how they are and stuff, they look different. I mean, this is a little bit similar to, like,
the PSP Go, almost. And it does look like a phone. I mean, the slide-out keyboard, you
know, you could almost replace that with a keyboard and be it, you know, just a normal
Sony Ericsson phone. Could it, again, I hate to harp on this, but do you think that maybe
the PSP2 is just this without the phone? Like an iPod touches to an iPhone? Um, possibly.
And that would make sense. I mean, that would be, it would make sense, I would think. Um,
I don't know if it's gonna be, I don't know if I really care for the idea that it has,
like, a touchpad on the back of the device. I mean, I think nowadays you kinda almost
have to have everything as, like, a touch screen, you know. You can pet it and caress
it from the back. Well, it's just. You can literally reach around your PSP and rub it
a little. I just don't understand, I think it would be very awkward to have a touchpad
on the back. I mean, cuz, I don't think that would lend itself well to the games, um, unless
it's just some sort of, you know, context sensitive touchpad or something like that,
in addition to other things. Maybe it knows when you're getting frustrated and you're
about to choke your system. Like, you know how, like, sometimes you'll clench your grip
a little bit when you're getting very angry? And I've been playing a lot of Super Meat
Boy lately, so I'm very familiar with this. Like, rah! Nerd rage! Throw my controller.
Totally go off topic. Super Meat Boy now on the Xbox 360. Do you have any of the downloadable
characters or any additional characters in the game? I've only unlocked one. That's how
terrible I am at it. I can't get the bandages. I have, like, four bandages. I got the guy
that's Bit.Trip Adventure. Oh, okay. Or whoever he is. I have him. He's in one of the warp
zones. I just saw some videos. I think it's PC only, though, of the Minecraft guy. It
is PC only. I'd heard about that, yeah. Talk about cheap. But, yeah, so, I mean, definitely,
there's no question that this is going to be coming out at some point. I think they're
going to announce it at CES because it just makes sense. You know, consumer electronics
show. That's a really good theory is that this is CES and then the PSP2 is E3. Yeah.
That's a really good theory. Because it does seem things with the PSP have been very quiet.
I mean, outside of the Kingdom Hearts and God of War, you know, a couple huge releases.
You know, the Go kind of stopped, pun intended, the PSP chat for a little while. Because the
Go, no matter how Sony or the fans try to spin it, was a miserable failure. There's
not a lot of stuff coming out from Sony for the PSP any time soon. Other than, the only
thing I've seen was Potapon 3. Which, so what? I mean, the second one that you were selling
as a download title. I mean, so, I don't really know if that's a lot to talk about. That could
be the very last game they have in development for the original PSP. It could be just all
now PSP2 stuff. And I don't know if this would actually be marketed as a PSP phone. To me,
it happens to be, I mean, it's not branded as a Sony PlayStation Portable. It's branded
as an Ericsson. Granted, it's a prototype. But, it still strikes me as, oh, it's this
phone that happens to have PSP playing capabilities. Just like, there was that GameCube that was
marketed as a DVD player that happened to play GameCube games. But they didn't call
it a GameCube. The Panasonic Q? Yes, that's right. The Panasonic Q. Thank you. Yeah. That's
what I was trying to think of. Japanese only. Yeah, so, I mean, this is definitely coming.
And it kind of makes sense, because there was also a few patents that they filed from
Sony. It says, you know, some two finger touch devices. And this is saying that there's some
sort of track pad, you know, the rumored track pad on the back of the PSP2. And also possibly,
you know, something that's also that little touch panel thing that's on the front of the
PSP phone. Perhaps this is where this patent comes from. They're saying that it uses a
two fingered touch gestures for data manipulation. And they specified the touch interface may
be separate from the main display. Very similar to what we saw with the PSP2. And they also
said that it's possible that they could have some sort of thing where in the first and
second case portions are slidable, connecting to each other. And where in the visual display
the touch pad disposed of the same side of the case. Or the hell that means. So, I don't
know. It's interesting, though, that they're putting out the... I mean, just based off
what we've seen, I guess it's not making... I would be willing to bet that this thing's
going to have a touch pad on the back for the PSP2. It's going to have a touch pad on
the front for, you know, the PSP phone or whatever. I mean, the stuff that we've heard
over and over again and seen pictures of, I don't think this is going to change all
of a sudden. So, yeah, that's probably what we're going to expect. And if it's coming...
If they're going to announce this at CES, you only have a few more weeks to wait anyways.
I mean, it's mid-January, so... I don't know. It's probably coming. You gotta know they're
pissed about this, though. They are pissed about this video. Oh, come on! Every single
secret that they've had just leaks out! Sony, man, I... They need to do something about
that. Let's go to our chatroom at chat.orangehontrady.com. SSJ100Matt, responding to a comment I made
a minute ago, says, Why would I give my PSP a reach around? It never did anything for
me. Never made me a sandwich. That's a good question. AlphaKnanogram says, Eh, I don't
think this phone is the graphical powerhouse the developers are saying the PSP2 will be.
That's true. There was that chatter, I think, that we covered on the show a few weeks ago
from a developer saying, We've seen it and it's a huge graphical powerhouse. So... Which
might explain how they plan to compete with the 3DS by presenting better quality graphics,
perhaps, than what you're going to see in 3D? Because maybe the 3D thing will get old
real quick. Who knows? BlackWolf seems to think that the PSP2 will be at Game Developers
Conference. Might be the better place to debut it. Not a bad thought. Sony is no stranger
to making big announcements at Game Developers Conference. I believe the move was really
shown a lot clearer at this year's Game Developer Conference. And home was originally unveiled
at Game Developers Conference, right? Sounds right. Oh, by the way, totally left that out
of my gaming week. But on a listener's tip, I did try going into home this week and doing
the whole DDR room or whatever. I couldn't even get it to work. I gave up. I threw my
controller into fitter age. Let's see. And then some folks are saying that it was the
Panasonic Q. Or as Frisbee says, the Panasonic QQQ. And lastly, Tigerclaw says, the PSP phone
is just Sony trying to get into the iPhone and Android market for an app gaming perspective.
Maybe trying to expand the Sony App Store or whatever. Trying to get more PS1 game sales
and the cross-platform PSN games you can buy and movies. Because you know this thing will
do everything that the PlayStation Portable already does. Trying to expand the marketplace
potential perhaps? Good thoughts. All right, moving on to another story. We're gonna talk.
This is a little bit of a follow-up to something that had come up last week. Remember when
I mentioned that Harmonix is for sale? Well, sadly, I'm not reporting about a buyer tonight.
But I am saying somebody has said they are out of the picture. And you might be surprised.
It came from an interview with Bloomberg at Bloomberg.com. The CEO of Electronic Arts
John Riccitello actually has said that the company has no interest in pursuing more multimillion
dollar acquisitions for now. The company is gonna focus on better integrating some of
the casual game developers such as Playfish and some of the other casual gaming things.
I mentioned Pogo is a part of that too. Of course, the people asked, are you interested
in Harmonix? And Riccitello said, if we did that, it would, quote, look like I'm doubling
down on yesterday. I'm sure some smart investor will buy the business feeling they can catch
a falling knife. But more people have been cut trying to catch falling knives that have
benefited from getting the timing exactly right. Ouch. I mean, he did also say there
was some nice things about Harmonix and so forth. But he seems to think that the whole
thing is a falling knife. Like, I get that Rock Band 3 didn't sell as much as Rock Band
2, but I think the question that's not really being answered for me is that Harmonix made
this whole Rock Band phenomenon. They made the original Guitar Hero game, remember? They
were working with Activision back then and Red Octane and all that. They made the original
Guitar Hero. They split off to do Rock Band, ABC, and so on. Who's to say Harmonix is not
gonna make the next big thing? That just seems, I mean, I realize you're taking a little bit
of a gamble there, but if there's one thing, there's one thing I could say in the 9, 10
years practically we've been doing Orange Lounge Radio, the developers that take risks
are the ones that get the big payoffs. The ones that just sit there with their thumbs
up their rear making the same old crap year after year, Konami, don't usually get to have
the big payoffs.
Eh, Konami doesn't really do that anymore. Well, okay, with their dancing games.
As far as the music games go and the stuff this show started about, yes, they did for
a very long time. And, granted, they've got some other neat stuff coming out now and they
still have Metal Gear, whatever, but as far as the music game goes, that's how I feel.
To quote the 62nd Ferengi Rule of Acquisition, the riskier the road, the greater the profit.
Hmm.
So, maybe they should be putting the masters of business forward.
Now, BlackWolf in our chat room is saying that the falling knife thing is actually a
misquote and the whole thing is not quite, I'm trying to look at what part of the story
this is in here, he just linked us to something here. I guess he actually came out and said,
I think the music genre is going to recover. I don't know exactly how. It could be based
on some new innovation. Maybe it all becomes dance-based. Well, because we've never seen
the dance thing before. Although, you know, granted there's Dance Central.
He says he likes harmonics and he said, when asked about it yesterday, what I said was
Alex, the co-founder of the studio, is a great developer. Harmonics is one of the great developers
of all time. They've got the leading dance product and maybe the leading game full stop
on Kinect and the question was what investors might be thinking about it. The nervous investor
would be worried about the decline of the music sector feeling like a falling knife.
The only part of that conversation that got reported was the falling knife part. So, he's
saying, I was misquoted. Although, I guess they did use a part that he gave them, but
whatever. He didn't mean to come off as harsh as he did. So, okay, at least I like the fact
that he acknowledges that, you know, harmonics could be also sitting on this big thing here
with Dance Central and I think that's true. So, I don't frown as much as I did, but it
doesn't change the fact that they aren't interested in acquiring harmonics at this time. And even
though maybe falling knife might have been harsh, it seems to be that the motivation
behind that is they don't have that next big thing just right yet, I guess. Although, it
is a little weird because he says Dance Central seems to be a big deal, but I don't want it.
Okay, fair enough.
Fair enough.
Let's move on, Dark Sakura.
Well, for the Doctor Who fans like myself, there will be the last episode for the Doctor
Who the adventure games called Shadows of the Vashta Narada, which, for anyone who doesn't
remember that one, this was the episode where they were stuck in the library and these things
were eating the people and it was the first episode that River Song showed up in. Aww.
But that's your little reminder of who the Vashta Narada were. But it's going to be taking
place during Christmas and will be underwater and you can download it on Christmas Day in
the UK. Well, it's free there. Here, you have to pay five bucks or you can get the whole
season for thirteen.
Hmm. Where can you buy it here in the US?
I would assume the BBC website.
The BBC. This is all paid through the tax money they pay over there for TV, right? That's
how come they don't have to pay anything?
Yeah. And basically, you have to actually pay a television tax, depending, I think,
on your channels. But if you don't pay the taxes, people will come around and go,
okay, you have to pay us and blah, blah, blah.
Hmm. Interesting. The underwater Christmas adventure for Doctor Who. What I think is
interesting about this, because the BBC is kind of paying for these games, right? They're
paying for the development, right? So it's kind of like, you know, it's a very different
– and you have to pardon my ignorance here a little bit, but I've never lived in another
country. All I know is it's very different setup here in America than it is in Britain,
where it's a lot more, I guess you could say, to me, it seems like the BBC is sort
of like their PBS. But over here in America, we think of PBS as the network that plays
classic opera shows and Sesame Street and occasionally video games like that.
I don't think the BBC is.
But what I'm saying, over there, they're actually making this more cutting edge programming.
It's like, imagine if PBS was making the shows Fox was making. That's kind of what
it is. Like it's, I don't know. That's how it strikes me. But my point is, it's
interesting that now we have this whole gaming thing coming out of that, that is part of
the public broadcasting. Yet here, we don't have anything like that. PBS doesn't really
make games. And I think there's been stories on the show before about how there's kind
of been a call for that. Like why do we have the public broadcasting system, but yet we
don't have anything for making games outside of, I don't know, maybe like America's
Army, although that's still the government contracting with somebody else to make that
for recruitment purposes. That's the closest thing I can think of.
Well, just to let you know, the Doctor Who games are actually up on direct2drive.com.
You can just search for them there. But I'm going to put a link to the downloads in the
chat room. I like the point that Tiger Claw is making
in our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com. Let's not forget PBS also plays British
shows. The first time I heard Doctor Who was PBS.
Well, that was my introduction to Doctor Who. And when I was little, and I like Star Trek
now, don't get me wrong. But when I was little, I didn't like Star Trek at all. I
was watching Doctor Who, which I thought was a lot cooler and a lot neater because the
concept was neat and it was this crazy old man and all these people running around with
him. And my first doctor was the fourth doctor with Sarah Jane. And she's, to this day,
my favorite companion. She's back in the series. She has her own series and it makes
me happy. But Doctor Who is just awesome. Um, Maji-Nami, Maji-Nami-Khan.
Say Maji-Nami-Khan. Whatever. Maji-Nami-Khan in our chat. I thought that's what I said
before, and I got yelled at for mispronouncing it. Whatever. Says, uh, and yet some political
extremists want to shut down all public broadcasts, radio, TV, et cetera, if I recall correctly.
Yeah, I've heard that too. And, um, I don't know. That, I, I, the thought, the thought
makes me sad because I, when I think of PBS, I think of Sesame Street and Mr. Rogers Neighborhood
and Bob Ross and shows like that, that wouldn't exist without PBS. And it just makes me very
sad. I mean, granted, maybe I haven't yet developed an appreciation for some of the
other stuff they show, like not in the morning or not for children, but I don't know. It
just would be very sad if that were to go away. You know what else PBS gave us? Faulty
Towers for our British television. Red Dwarf. I love Red Dwarf. You know, I watched Keeping
Up Appearances and Are You Being Served and Monty Python's Flying Circus. We need, we
need more of, of, of this on the PBS, but now we have BBC America, I guess. Uh, Gamer
Girl in our chat room says, wait, I'm lost. Why do they want to shut down PBS? Uh, without
getting too political on the show. Um, I, I think it just boils down to that whole,
you're poisoning the public minds with these crazy liberal ideas that PBS gives or whatever,
which is a little bit ludicrous to me. But I think, I think as Dark Soccer referenced,
a lot of it comes back to NPR. And when some people don't like what a public organization
is saying, they want to shut it down, I guess is the best way I can cut it. But there's
a lot of reading between the lines that goes with that stuff too. NPR gets a lot of its
funding too from the Democratic Party and PBS gets funding from political sources. But
I think that, you know, if people want to pay for it, let them pay for it. It's not
your problem. Just don't listen to it. But it's people too busy being right and wanting
others to think just like they do. That's the bottom line.
All right. But I'm not going to go any further than that. I'm just saying people being too
busy being right and wanting other people to think the way they do.
All right. Well, let's, let's talk about something we can all appreciate and that is sales, right
Logie? Oh yes. Of course, Black Friday always means
lots of big sales. And with that, you know, the game companies have to come out and start
waving their cock around, I guess. Connect, of course, sold very well. And they've reached
2.5 million units with the help of Black Friday. And that's worldwide, of course. And of course
that, you know, they break it down. That's a hundred thousand units a day. And that they're
on track to meet their original goal of 5 million units sold this holiday. So that's
pretty awesome, I guess. And I think they've already bypassed the move sales from what
I remember as well. Of course, Nintendo, they're saying that they sold a lot of DS's and Wii's
during Black Friday. It might help that they also had a lot of new colors for different
stuff coming out, new DSi XL colors. I still don't understand why people go crazy about
the colors, but whatever. They had the 25th anniversary red systems, you know, with, what
was it, Mario Kart in there. They also had, you know, the red Wii's, which people are
going crazy over for no apparent reason. And, you know, the orange and green systems with
different games with that. Anyways, they sold 900,000 DS units. And that's, you know, DS,
DS Lite, DS Lite XL. Or DSi's, I guess. And then of course 600,000 Wii's were sold. And
that's during the week of November 21st through the 27th. That's really interesting about,
especially the number of Kinect sales. I mean, I'm hearing more people in the kind of the
mass media, quote unquote, saying that this is, you know, the Wii of this year or this
is one of the must have toys of the year. But it's kind of interesting because I think
when we sat back and saw that, you remember a couple weeks ago, like two or three weeks
ago, Microsoft came out and said we have a goal of selling 5 million units. And we were
like, oh, that's cute. But seeing as you kind of botched your 360 launch by not having the
units available, we kind of, and Nintendo did the same thing, we kind of think you're
gonna do the same thing with Kinect and won't meet that goal. But it looks like the supply
is actually meeting the demand a little bit. In certain markets, of course. Uh huh. How
so? Well, because, you know, the smaller guys obviously aren't getting enough, I'm sure
as hell know we aren't getting enough shipments of that shit. They're sending them all the
retail, those fuckers. So yeah. Well, they obviously are shipping them somewhere because
they're selling those units, so. I don't know. They're still going for a pretty penny though
on eBay, that's for sure. Alright. Really? How much, what's the reseller market look
like on that? Because I remember with some of those things, oh my gosh. It's usually
50 to 100 dollars of retail. And they're going pretty good. Wow. Alright, well let's get
into a big story from this week. I don't know. And Loki asked me before the show, why are
we reporting on this? And I don't know, but I think the response to this is kind of funny.
So let me tell you what's going on. PETA decided to parody another game this week. You know,
they've done some video game parodies. They had like, I think there was like a Super Mario
Brothers parody and some of the crap too. But Super Meat Boy was the last game they
set their eyes on and they decided to make this parody called Super Tofu Boy. And Super
Tofu Boy is, you know, you play a chunk of tofu instead of a chunk of meat. They've made
Super Meat Boy the enemy in the game. Quote, Meat Boy is a vengeful, bloody cube of rotting
animal flesh and he smells. After a short-lived fling with Bandage Girl, he became enraged
when he was dumped for the tasty and satisfying Tofu Boy, etcetera, etcetera. That's the blabber
setup from the PETA game website. And the gameplay is, it's fairly similar to Super
Meat Boy, but it's, you know, obviously a cheap hack. Well, actually I shouldn't say
a cheap hack. It's, considering how fast this must have turned around, it's a pretty decent
hack, dare I say it. But whoever they've got programming the games at PETA seems to be
pretty talented like it or not. Anyway, the point is, Super Meat Boy came out and responded
to the whole Super Tofu Boy thing and with this tweet that's really, ouch, they made
a tweet. How many PETA members does it take to change a light bulb? None. PETA can't change
anything. But I'm bummed. That was pretty much their response to the whole thing. Not
quite just that though. If you read some of the other follow-up tweets and so on, apparently
the guy who made Super Meat Boy went on to the PETA forums and posted under some different
names to try to call attention to the game to, I guess, basically get free promotion
and it worked. That's the crazy part. I don't know if he's making that up in retrospect,
but I don't see why not. I think that's actually kind of a smart thing to do. Like, oh my God,
can you believe they're making this game out of a moving piece of meat and glamorizing
meat and meat is murder. So, I think that's kind of funny. Tasty, tasty murder. I think
it's really funny that it worked in so many ways. So anyway, now they've come out and
said, well, since we were able to get basically free advertisement for Super Meat Boy, we're
going to put Super Tofu Boy as an unlockable character in the PC version of the game. So
they came out and tweeted, if you type PETA file, P-E-T-A-P-H-I-L-E, at the character
select screen, you will be able to play as Super Tofu Boy. Wow, and I even made that
joke earlier. I had no idea. PETA file. Imagine on the con says in here, the funny thing is
that by Super Meat Boy creators' own admission, Meat Boy is a normal person without skin,
not a hunk of meat. Way to screw up, PETA. It's just a game for heaven's sake. And again,
I love Super Meat Boy. It's a great arcade game. I really think it's only drawback is
this whole like, what? It's a piece of meat? Like I don't, that's your mark. What? That's
the artwork? Really? That's the name of your game, Super Meat Boy? But whatever, I didn't
make it. People probably say the same thing about Orange Lounge Radio. Why the hell do
you call your video game show Orange Lounge Radio? You're not about oranges. You're not
about Orange County. Frisbee makes a very good point and this is very true. PETA, we
euthanize more animals than we take in even though we don't support euthanization. It's
true. I mean, they actually have to report all of this stuff to the IRS. It's a matter
of public record. By the way, Edmund McMillan, who is the co-creator of the game, he admitted
that he made fake usernames in PETA's forum pushing the game at them in hopes that something
would happen. PETA is 1000 times more well known than Super Meat Boy and the fact that
they went out of their way to make a parody like this is beyond flattery and amazingly
helpful. Edmund McMillan has said he was once a vegetarian and has worked as an animal control
officer and he disagrees with PETA's total stance against the lab testing of animals
and this is so interesting. He's saying that being against the lab testing of animals means
you're against these medical discoveries and treatments that save lives like his mom who
is diabetic and that's why he's against PETA. The person right under the PETA lady, Ingrid
Newkirk, is a diabetic who is on insulin made from dog testing. Interesting. I know, right?
Fun double standard, right? Anyway, why is it that this show keeps coming back to politics
tonight? I don't know, but I just found it very interesting that an author of a game
trolled the PETA forums and got his way. That's outstanding to me. I just hope it's not one
of those hindsight is 20-20 things. PETA is a cult! Alright, let's move on to another
video game story and then we're going to get into a whole other cult, the Techno Kitten
Adventure cult. I'm very excited to get there. Dark Sakura, what do you have for us? Well,
you know that pretty pretty pretty song that we've been listening to for Civ 4? I should
try to sing it because it's much prettier than I'm giving it credit for. I could play
a little clip. Not right now. It's been nominated for a Grammy. It's under best instrumental
arrangement accompanying vocalist category from the composer's debut album, Calling
All Dawns. It's a really pretty song, I mean, it's been going around since they've included
it with the video games live. It's gorgeous, I really think it is, so I hope that they
win. Here's a little clip. It's kind of quiet, sorry guys. Civ 4 really did have this epic
theme song to it, which obviously is this, and then Civ 5 just pales in comparison. I
mean, Civ 5 is a great game, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't really have quite the
moving song that Civ 4 did, so I'm happy to see that a video game song gets acknowledged
with a Grammy nomination, but here's the weird thing to me. Civ 4 didn't come out this year,
so it is not getting nominated because it's from Civ 4. It's getting nominated because
Christopher Tin ended up making an album that happened to come out in the past year that
has this song on it. So you wonder, well, did it get nominated because people knew the
song already? But Civ 4 is, what, a four or five year old game. It wasn't nominated for
a Grammy four or five years ago. 2005, was it? Yeah. So it's kind of interesting that
it took this long, and you've got to wonder that, oh, well, maybe people knew about it
from here? Who knows. Black Wolf in our chat room wants to point out that Christopher Tin,
the album, was also nominated. So no matter how people found it, and if you actually listen
to the rest of the album itself, it is a really good album. You know, it's not pop or rock,
it's very different. It's a world kind of more, I don't want to say Enya, but more of
that, it's PBS music, actually. And that's not a bad thing. So also I like Akuma JP in
our chat room says Lion King. It does kind of sound like the theme of the Lion King,
does it a little bit? A little less Elton John, though? It sounds like the freaking
Avatar soundtrack. Does it? I've never really listened to the Avatar soundtrack. Is it that
good? I like it. I thought it had really pretty music in it, but it's the same type of, the
same theme. All right, well, I promised you guys that we were going to have an interview
tonight. So we are going to give Nick a call. He is the creator of Techno Kitten Adventure.
And I'm really excited to talk to him about the game and how he got on the, how we got
him on the show and everything. So we're calling him right now. This is totally live and unscripted.
Anything could happen, guys. If you have questions, post them in our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
While we wait for him to pick up. Wouldn't it be funny if this went to voicemail? Like,
oops, I forgot. Hello? Hi, is this Nick? Yep. Hi, this is Rob with Orange Lounge Radio.
How are you doing? I'm good. How are you? Good. You are on the air on our lovely show
here that we do every Sunday night. And I want to talk to you a little bit about Techno
Kitten Adventure, your game for the Xbox 360. So I don't know if you know, but we had a
listener tweet us about this last week. We had no idea that the game was out there. But
our show was kind of founded on the games like Dance Dance Revolution and BeatMania
2DX. So we're definitely no stranger to happy hardcore. And of course we love kittens. Who
doesn't? So this game kind of seemed to be almost the perfect game in a way. So we have
to know, what inspired Techno Kitten Adventure, Nick? Well, I recently discovered happy hardcore,
which is the greatest genre of all time. And I played Robot Unicorn Attack a while ago.
And that kind of gave the idea to incorporate music into a game. But Robot Unicorn Attack
didn't really have everything going to the music. It was more like a background sort
of thing. And also, I like kittens, as you said. Who doesn't? So I wanted to incorporate
all three things into one. And that's what I came up with. Is this the first game you've
ever made? Or do you have other XNA games out there? Or was this like your first adventure?
I have a few more games out there. Some of them are not very good. One of the better
ones is Physics Sandbox 2. It's kind of like Crayon Physics Deluxe. I don't know if you
played that. I have. It was on Steam. Well, I'm sure it's still there. But yes, I have
played that. Very cool. Yeah, it's a lot like that. It's for Xbox. You've done other games.
How long did this game take you to make Techno Kitten Adventure? Um, a summer. I didn't really
spend too much time on it, though. Most of the time when it's actually licensing the
music. Okay, that was the next thing I had to ask you about. Because you didn't make
or write a song specifically for this game. You somehow licensed an existing song that's
out there, right? Tell me how you got the song and found the song and got the song in
the game, ultimately. Well, I'd heard the song before, like a trans version. And then
I discovered the Happy Hardcore version, which is from a company in the UK. Pretty popular
over there, but non-existent in the US. So I just contacted them and paid a fee and got
to use it for the game. Nice. And that song, of course, is Frisco with Sea of Love is the
song. Now, I don't know if you're allowed to tell us, so you can pass on this question
if you want, but do they get a cut of the profits because you used the song? That's
alright. What are the possibilities? Let me back up a little bit. How successful has this
game been for you? I know you're only charging a dollar for it, but I also noticed it was
in the top 50 indie games, which has got to be a hard place to get to. So has this game
been pretty successful for you, money-wise? It's actually been less successful than my
other games. Really? For an offer. But I think they were a lot more appropriate for the audience
that goes to indie games, which seems to be like 13-year-olds. Hey, wait a minute! Wait
a minute! Alright, so it hasn't been as successful to share the games. That's really interesting,
but definitely there's been an audience for it. I mean, do you plan to do anything else
with this idea? We are going to port it to Windows Phone 7, iPhone, and Android probably
within the next three months. You said we. Is there a whole team behind it? Well, I'm
working with another company right now. We're going to redo the art, most of it. Probably
add some new effects. I see. So did somebody find your game there and was like, we want
to work with you on this a little bit? I'm guessing it's got something. Yeah. Okay. I'll
get it on my phone. I was going to say, not bad for a bunch of 13-year-olds. One of them
has got their own company somewhere that's going to help you out. What about, you know
I've got to ask about a potential sequel to Techno Kitten Adventure? Is there a Techno
Kitten Adventure 2 in the works? Electric Booboo? I don't know. The company that contacted
me said that, depending on how well it does, they'll probably think about making a sequel.
I don't know if it'll be the same genre of music. For me, I'd like it to be some more
happy hardcore, but we'll see. It'll probably be a different genre. Well, this could be
like the whole new Dance Dance Revolution where you can have a whole soundtrack of music
to pick from for the different levels. But I imagine it's got to be kind of a pain to
sync up all those songs. You know, part of the charm that people are noticing of the
game is the way that the background kind of syncs to the song. Where did you kind of get
the idea to do that? Some of the syncing that you do in the game? Well, I started off just
wanting to make the Helicopter Clone and then having hardcore playing in the background
kind of make it like robot unicorn attack. And then while I was doing that, I made a
few effects on accident that worked really well with the music. So I decided to have
everything sync up with it, which took listening to the song a few hundred times, unfortunately.
But you love happy hardcore, so it's okay, right? Yeah, it's actually still a good song.
It is one of those rare songs that kind of works for a game like this. And I think part
of what made robot unicorn attack is that that erasure song kind of worked really well
for that game. But then they tried to do, there was like a robot unicorn attack metal
version or something, wasn't there, Loki? Yeah. You were talking about? And it wasn't
as good. It wasn't nearly as good. I liked it, but then the Christmas one, that's just
jumping the shark right there. So you gotta be careful, Nick, not to jump the shark. So
enjoy this. I played the metal version. It sucked pretty bad. Thank you. Unless you do
a techno shark. Techno sharks with lasers adventures. Alright, I got a couple more questions
for you. And that is, are you thinking though, you know, I know you got the company that
wants to do other things with this title and so forth. Do you think maybe you're going
to do another game that really has nothing to do with this whatsoever? Like this is just
kind of a one off thing and you have other games you want to do or do you want to kind
of play this out and see where it goes? Right now I'm working on a music based shoot-em-up,
which is going to be way more gameplay based rather than a simple one button game. Ah,
very cool. Do you want to, anything else you can say about that right now or is it all
still in the works? Um, it's pretty much going to be a music visualizer going in the background
and then just really hardcore shoot-em-up, crap load of bullets, bullet hole sort of
thing. Awesome. That sounds like it could be pretty awesome. We do have a lot of cave
shooter fans. That's true. I had to listen to this show. We have a lot of music game
fans. We have a lot of cave shooter fans. So I think there's going to be definitely
an audience. This is a very small audience, trust me, but there's an audience out there
for it. So, best of luck with all of that. One other question I want to ask you about
and that is about their reaction, you know, to something like this. Because when something
like this goes viral, quote unquote, you read a lot of interesting things on the internet
about the game. Do you ever Google Technokit and adventure to kind of see what comes up
or see what people are saying on the internet about your game? Or are you one of those people
that's like, I don't care? I look at it quite a bit actually. Yeah, what do you think? Um,
a lot of people like it and then others just haters gonna hate. Absolutely right. Oh my
god, that's my slogan I've said on the show before. Haters gonna hate. Absolutely. I agree.
Haters gonna hate. What's the worst thing you've read about Technokit and adventure?
Because I want to know, who can hate on a cat? Who can hate on a flying cat? What's
the worst thing you've read about Technokit and adventure? Um, most of them just say that
it looks like it was made in MS Paint. I haven't really read anything that horrified me. Haters
to the left. Haters to the left. You know what? I kind of think the art style in a way
is kind of part of the charm. Like, if it had been all like 3D, HD, Uber effects, I
don't think it would really be the same thing. That makes sense? So, I say, you go. And good
luck with all those future projects. Anything else you want to plug here on our little show?
Of upcoming projects or what have you? No thanks. Alright. Well the game, you have a
website or anything official website for? Not at the moment. There should be a website
in the works though. Alright. Well then, we'll let you guys know about it when Nick tells
us about it. The game is Technokit and Adventure and it is available at Technokit and Adventures
excuse me. And it's available right now on the Xbox Live Indie Games. It's one whole
dollar. Which is really not a bad price at all. It's the cost of a taco. As I said earlier
in the show, well technically on Sundays it's the cost of three tacos. A taco is for a moment
but Technokittens are forever. That's right. And as I was saying earlier in the show, I
also played Poker Night at the inventory this week which was five dollars. And I played
more Technokitten Adventure. So I think it was the better deal. So there you go. Alright.
Well Nick, thank you so much for being on our show. Really appreciate it. And best of
luck with your future projects. Thanks for having me. But don't make a metal version.
I will. Alright, thank you. Have a good night. Bye. I love it. From tweet to call on the
show, Technokitten Adventure. Nick from Technokitten Adventure. He didn't tell me his last name
but we'll give him a little bit of anonymity. It's not real ID here on the show after all.
Thanks to Nick for being such a good sport. And the Zominar chatroom says if you have
two dollars, you can have Technokittens and a taco. I don't know. In this economy, in
this economy, it might be tough. And that's value! Alright. Anyhow, let's move on to more
stories. Actually release dates. It's time for it to get to the show. So if you don't
want to get Technokitten Adventure or you've already bought it and you want to look at
other games, there's other stuff coming to a store near you, right, Loki? Yes, and this
will probably be the last week that stuff will be coming to a store near you, at least
this year, because it is dying down to zero. I mean, literally I think the week after next,
there's one game. And the week after that, possibly another game. And that's it. But
yeah, next week though, to kind of coincide with it, it's a little bit early, with the
launch of the new Tron movie, Tron Evolution. It's going to be kind of a prequel to Tron
Legacy, and that'll be coming out on Playstation 3, Xbox 360. Fuck yeah. And then they're going
to be doing kind of an arena-based sort of combat game. It's Tron Legacy Battle Grid,
and that's coming out on the Wii. Oh, and I guess it's also on PC as well. So definitely
check that out, that looks pretty exciting. Oh, and then the Tron Battle Grid, I believe
is also on DS, and possibly PSP. SBKX Superbike World Championship on Playstation 3, and I
believe Xbox 360 as well. And that's going to be kind of a street bike racing game. Yogi
Bear, the video game. And that's... Right? I hope that movie tanks. But sadly there's
kids that are going to want to see it. You know, kind of a bit of a side note here. I
actually got an invite, and I can't go to it. Well, let me put it this way, I'm not
going to it. For a Nielsen screening of a summer movie that's coming out next year,
and it's a computer-animated comedy. You know what happens to be sitting in the middle of
summer as a computer-animated comedy? Smurfs the movie. Oh no. Fuck no. Oh, so they don't
tell you what the movie is? They don't tell me what the movie is. Oh, but you should go
see it just to poop on it. No, because Nellie's like, if you leave me with the baby all night
long to go see Smurfs the movie, I'm going to kill you. That's fair. That is fair. Honestly,
I'm not going to risk the fact that it possibly might be Smurfs the movie, so I'm not going.
Sniper Elite coming out on the Wii, looks like a pretty generic sniper game. Which might
work a lot better combined with the Smurfs movie and Yogi Bear. You know that they will
be making a Smurfs game, I will have you know. Okay, not to get too tangenty, but I've had
not one, but several friends tell me that the Smurf village game on the phone, iPhone,
which is by Capcom, is actually really good for the whole like Wii rule, Farmville-y,
you know, Facebook-y type of game on your phone. No, I'm not touching that game. I saw
it and I was like, you know, I could download it for free and check it out and see if it's
any good. No, I'm not even going to check it out to see if it's any good. I'm sorry.
The only Smurfs game I've played and will only play is the one on the ColecoVision.
Yeah, absolutely. That's the one where you can get her naked. Smurfette naked. There's
a bug. You go backwards or something instead of going forwards at the very end and there's
a bug where Smurfette gets naked. I have this game. Really? I have a ColecoVision in the
game. I played Smurfs, like, cause I used to, when I was like four or five years old,
I was a huge fan of the Smurfs. I have to tell you this, I have to tell you this. Becky
just told me, Julian and I saw the preview for Yogi Bear and he said it looked stupid
and he's three and a half. I think Julian should be the official movie critic of Orange
Ons Radio. What do you think? I agree. He's the official child of Orange Ons Radio. During
Tron, they're going to have the new Transformers 3 trailers. Okay, this other game coming out,
the Touchmaster. Wait, wait, hold on, sorry. This is really important though, okay? It
was on the Atari 2600 and the ColecoVision. The ColecoVision version of Smurf, Rescue
and Gargamel's Castle contains an Easter egg or programming error. Upon reaching Smurfette's
screen, the player can return to the previous screen. Just before the screen changes, it
will appear as though the top of Smurfette's dress comes off, making her appear topless.
Two of the background music tracks are simple, you know, whatever, who cares about the music.
So yes, Smurfette gets topless if you go backwards. If you leave her ass, she'll show her titties
to get you to come back. Awesome. Sorry, Loki. It was worth reporting. Yeah, it was worth
reporting. You know when she made She Was Evil? Touchmaster Connect, it's all those
wonderful bar games that they have. What makes it unique compared to some of the other ones,
you can share your scores via Twitter and Facebook using this DS title. So, that's kind
of neat I guess. Yu-Gi-Oh! 50's Dual Transer coming out on the Wii. And how can we not
forget World of Warcraft Cataclysm, the new expansion coming out on PC. Hey, what did
Nick say, DarkSagra? Haters gonna hate. No barfing over there. Also, let's see. Bejeweled
3 on PC. That's pretty awesome. New You Fitness First Yoga and Pilates on the Wii. And then,
sorry, I must have had something on my throat there. And then finally, a week from today,
Super Mario All-Stars Limited Edition for the Wii. It's just a Super Nintendo game!
Seriously, are you gonna pay Nintendo? They did nothing to the game other than make it
work with the controls. And you're gonna pay them $30? Alright. If that's what you really
want. But it comes in a shiny box. You know what kind of a message you're sending to Nintendo.
You can buy anything that you sell. And then it's gonna be remade in 3D and be $35 on the
3DS. Wait. Wait for it. There's better ROM hacks out there. I mean, what was it? New
Super Mario Bros. 3. Remember that? The whole, they completely re-edited the levels for the
DS version to Super Mario Bros. 3 and bonus levels and added all these challenge maps
and stuff? See, that's a value right there. They put that on a cartridge, I'd buy that
shit in no time, but I'm sorry. They did nothing. They didn't even try to make it new. By the
way, since you flew by Bejeweled 3, which I think will actually be a big seller because
those PopCap games do very well. Zuma Blitz is a game I actually played this week because
they have the whole beta thing or whatever. It's not very hard to get into. On Facebook,
it's a Facebook game. It's Zuma in a Minute. It's actually pretty good. It's pretty addicting.
And you know, it's free. They have their whole like, you can buy things to unlock more special
blah blah blahs. But as far as the whole like competing with your friends for high scores
and so on, you know, it's cool. It's just like the Bejeweled one. Or here's something
even better. And yes, I know that the stuff is already available on, you know, the Virtual
Console and stuff like that. Why? I mean, they've got a whole damn disc. I can tell
you right now that this image of this disc is probably going to be like a few megs. And
that's it. And the rest is just all blank space or filler or whatever. I mean, why didn't
they put like Super Mario World, Super Mario World 2 on there? Maybe Mario 64. You know,
make it worthwhile. And hell, you could even charge, you know, 50 bucks for it at that
point. Because it's, you know, full of all the Mario games. But no, there's Mario All-Stars.
Maybe there's an unlockable. No, there's not an unlockable. Yeah, there'll be an unlockable
alright and guess what it'll be? Demos. Virtual Console demos. Hey, you like these games?
You can give them their original form on the Virtual Console. Anything else for this week,
Doki? Ah, that's it. Alright, let's go to Japan and look at the Japanese release dates.
On the Xbox 360, Japan gets their version of Assassin's Creed Brotherhood this week.
Also, Kinect Animals in a regular and limited edition. A price reduction on End of Eternity,
but a new game Need for Speed Hot Pursuit over there in Japan and Your Shape Fitness
Evolved. Looks like some of those Kinect games took a little bit longer to localize, but
they're finally making their way over to Japan. On the PlayStation 3, also Assassin's Creed
Brotherhood. Price reduction on End of Eternity, a game called Free Free Bowling, which I'm
thinking is the Move bowling game localized for Japan, and a USB Neo Geo pad from SNK
Play More comes out this week. It is basically a Neo Geo pad with six buttons for fighting
games, probably for use with some of the Neo Geo games that are on PlayStation Network.
Going over to the Nintendo Wii this week in Japan, Donkey Kong Returns makes its way out.
Uh, for once, we got a game about a week before they did. Fitness Party also comes out from
Namco Bandai, and a karaoke game called Karaoke Joy Sound Wii Super DX Hitori de Mina de Utai
Hodai comes out from Hudson this week. That is a hell of a name there. The name doesn't
quite make sense to me. Hitori de Mina, that's like, okay. It looks a little bit like Karaoke
Revolution meets once in a while the actual music video, but otherwise it's party girls
dancing on a stage. Like, I don't even, I can't even. Is there Para Para? There's no
Para Para. Not worth it. How about Pac-Man Party? That is also coming out in Japan this
week, and Boom Blocks gets a price reduction in Japan. Oops, sorry, that's the 16th, that's
next week. Sorry. So let me keep going with this week on the Nintendo DS. Castlevania
Dawn of Sorrow gets a price reduction, so does Ganbare Goemon. As far as new games though,
one of the ones you might want to check out is Ninokuni Shikoku no Madoushi comes out
this week. This is, it's an RPG from level 5 and, dammit, I think this is out here in
the US as something else and I can't tell what it is. But it's an RPG from level 5 in
Japan, I'm sure somebody in the chatroom will correct me soon enough. There's actually an
official website for it. Should I look at it real quick? I think this is a pretty big
DS title. Maybe somebody in chat knows the rest. As far as the Sony PSP goes, not a lot
of big stuff this week, although there's some price reductions on things like Valkyria Chronicles
2 and Kuroganni no Lene Barrels, Hudson the best. Oh, you know what this game is? I believe
this is the DS game that's made with Studio Ghibli. That's what this is. Cause the artwork
looks very, very, uh, like that. I think that's what this is. So I don't think it is out here
in the US, but I think I've read about it, that's why it sounds familiar to me. Yeah,
look at this, this looks like Studio Ghibli, doesn't it? With the little guy with the lantern
on his nose and everything? That's gotta be what this is. Nice. No other studio puts lanterns
on noses. No, no other studio would do that. There we go, thank you, chatroom's jumping
in there saying yes to Studio Ghibli, it's the one with the huge 300 page magic book,
that is Dungeon Buster. Thank you. I figured it out eventually. Alright, Dark Sakura, how
about the UK? In the UK we have a number of games, although not many. On the 7th is Alien
Breed 2 Assault and Bejeweled 3 and World of Warcraft Cataclysm, sorry. Hater. I'm not.
On the 8th is Bomberman Live Battlefest. And then on the 10th we have Cave Story and Golden
Sun Dark Dawn. Oooh. Alright. And that's about it. Alright, not a bad week all things considered,
I mean considering we're getting really close to Christmas, I mean, whether Dark Sakura
likes it or not, Warcraft's gonna be a huge game, and hey, there's Tron, and there's...
I don't give a crap about Wordcraft or Warcraft. I mean, to be honest, I just do it to give
you a hard time. There's Plants vs Zombies is in it now, that's all I'm saying. I just
like giving you a hard time about it. I know you do. Mwah, mwah, mwah. A couple more news
stories for you guys. I'm a Vice Admiral. And then the classic game of the week. Yes.
So this is kinda cool. You know, and they were talking about possibly making a game
based on this, but now it's been confirmed that Christopher Nolan is actually working
on an Inception video game. And I think that's really cool. Love the world of Inception.
Love the movie. I still haven't seen it. But it comes out on Blu-ray this week, so I plan
to rent it. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. Do not watch anything else. Because I'm sitting
here going, all I know is that there's a room spinny thing that might be cool in a video
game, but otherwise I don't know why this would make a good video game. Can you tell
me why this is gonna be an awesome video game without spoiling the movie? Okay, think of
it, it's like, it'd be like why the, except, you know, the MMO sucked, like The Matrix,
why The Matrix was kind of a cool movie. It's really the environment of it and everything.
It's just a really neat concept. The Matrix game that was on like GameCube and PS2 was
not as terrible as I think some made it out to be. Here, let me put it this way. Inception
has that vibe of the first Matrix movie. Like, you know, they set up a world, it's kind of
similar to our world and stuff, there's a lot of gun combat and stuff like that, and
then there's a lot of weird twists and stuff to it and ways they can manipulate the world
and stuff like that. Before Neo got way too damn powerful, you know, it's the cool part
of The Matrix. Without the other movies. Okay. Yeah, so it's got that vibe to it and it's
really awesome. That could be cool. Yes, and that Joseph Gordon Lovett guy, man, it's fucking
awesome. That's the kid from Third Rock from the Sun, or he was also the kid in Dark Shadows
years and years ago. Did you ever see that movie Brick? You need to see Brick. No, I
haven't seen Brick, but he was in some other movie I saw called Mysterious Skin and I kind
of felt dirty. I was like, this is the guy from Third Rock? He's a really good actor
nowadays. He's a pretty good actor. I think Mysterious Skin was by the guy and he does
all these messed up teen angst movies. He did like the Nowhere, I think was one, it
was totally fucked up and there's another one in that whole series. All those teen angst
movies and he did that too. Anyways, yeah, so he's an awesome character, or he plays
a really awesome character in the movie and then of course, you know, DiCaprio's alright.
But yeah, seriously, the movie Brick though, it's a film noir set in a high school. In
modern day high school. It's really awesome. All the dialogue though is like film noir.
It's just so badass. It's just, you gotta see it. It's really cool. I'll take your word
for it. Anyways, yeah, Inception, amazing movie. So the video game, you know, games
based off movies aren't that great all the time, but if Christopher Nolan's actually
working on it, maybe it'll do alright. Basically he says now, he was considering putting together
a video game based on the movie, but it looks like he's actually, his plans are going a
little bit further than that. He says he's told Entertainment Weekly that the project
is a go and that he's working with a full team on the game as a longer term proposition.
He's excited to explore the medium of gaming by creating a new story set in the world of
the movie. Entertainment Weekly suggests an MMO, but hopefully it's something better than
that. Interesting. I could see an MMO, but the problem I see with an MMO though, is that
it's gonna be like The Matrix Online. The Matrix Online just had some flaws. Like The
Matrix could have made an awesome MMO. It's just that what they released wasn't it. Just
like the Wachowski Brothers could have made an awesome trilogy. But they're like, let's
give Neo all these powers all of a sudden. To this day I've never seen the third movie.
To this day I've never seen the third movie. You're not missing much, it has an ending
reminiscent of a Highlander 2, which was also a crappy movie. That's what I hear. Wait,
but didn't Highlander 2, wasn't that the one that introduced Sean Connery? Or was he in
the first one too and I just forgot? The first one. Dude, he was Ramirez. I forgot. You know
how many years it's been since I've seen Highlander? That was like in college where everybody got
high and watched Highlander, but I didn't cause I'm... It's called Highlander man, you
gotta watch it high. I went to Chico State folks, enough said. Enough said. As you drive
up 99 and it starts to smell like marijuana, it's cause you're passing through Chico on
your way to Humboldt. Although actually that's 101. But forget it. Anyway, how about another
news story that isn't drug induced. Let's talk about, well you might be able to watch
a lot of Cheech and Chong movies on this though if this comes true. Microsoft is apparently
in talks, this is if you want to believe Reuters, to bring subscription television and networks
to Xbox Live. This strikes me as kind of a duh. I think Microsoft's been slowly moving
in this direction, but whatever, fine. At least we have a little more news to it. At
least courtesy of Reuters, who's like the Associated Press. Apparently Microsoft is
having meetings with various media companies to talk about licensing TV programs to be
streamed through a Xbox application. The talks apparently are going well. Although, excuse
me, I have a frog in my throat, like if anyone saw that Susan Boyle clip from TV this week.
Xbox Live TV is apparently a year away at least, which makes sense to me. If they actually
are going to do something like this, they'll announce it at E3 and roll it out during the
holidays. There is the possibility there that there will be interactive elements into shows
viewed on the console and that there'll be also content silos, meaning that like HBO
and Showtime could have their own little areas to subscribe to. So, could be interesting.
I like this because remember when I talked about the whole one versus 100 getting canceled,
I was like, why doesn't Xbox make more of a network out of this? I was kind of talking
about this. I like this whole idea of interactivity or more interactive shows. Like, I think Xbox
had a great thing with one versus 100 and it's a damn shame that they lost the rights
to the new Game Show Network version or whatever the hell it is that's going on. Which, by
the way, have you seen the new Game Show Network version with Carrie Ann Inaba as the host?
Yeah. It's not as fun as it was on Xbox Live, sorry to say. I'm actually really into something
like this. I just hope the interactive stuff isn't cheesy. Like, you see a lot of Blu-ray
discs that have the interactive movie component, which is just asking dumb poll questions and
things. Like, I would like them to see them do more like interactive game shows. We've
had the rumor of a Poker Night game that's apparently in top secret testing right now.
I mean, maybe there's a show to be made of that. I don't know. What if you could vote
on the ending? Vote on a character getting killed off or what have you. American Idol
being voted on through your Xbox. X Factor on Xbox.
I would think, if anything, what the interactive part might be is like marking clips or something
like that and sharing them with friends. Say, hey, have you seen this? This is pretty cool.
Hey, look, it's a nipple slip. Wait, so you think this is more like a TiVo that you could
share? So if there's ever another Janet Jackson booby that slips out, people could be like,
hey, I saw this awesome clip I wanted to share with my friends.
Well, it's like, I guess, Justin TV where you can save clips and stuff.
Oh, God. I hope we're not going to be life casting through our Xbox. There's certain
people I don't want to see their lives. I mean, the Kinect is putting a camera in all
of our homes, but this is not an idea I like. Although, oh, my God, could you imagine, like
now when they do one versus 100, like with two and a half million Kinects out there and
growing, they could have the one be on TV with the whole Kinect thing, which is a nice
little camera in your house.
Yeah.
It's alive. And then the Xbox 720 will just be called Skynet. That's that's where we go
from here, right? Chat dot orange launch radio dot com if you want to chime in on this live
with us.
Well, isn't Sky a service that's in the UK and technically isn't it a network?
Have you seen this boy? He's on in our chat room, says that's the new show on current
TV Bar Karma. Viewers make the story and they produce it.
Here's a question. This is totally random. And they've got to have this like some sort
of photoshopped, you know, have you seen this boy with pedo bear?
I'm sure it exists somewhere.
That'd be funny.
Absolutely.
Let's see the name that I can ever pronounce. Majinomicon in our chat room says D.C. figured
out a way to capitalize on this. They announced a telephone poll for readers to decide whether
he lived or died.
Jason Todd.
Yep. Ten thousand votes later, he was dead.
Everyone hated Jason Todd.
Yeah, but that.
And guess what? He's live again.
You know what? They did that in the 70s with Andy Kaufman on Saturday Night Live. So I
don't know if that's really remember. Well, I know none of you were alive when this happened.
I remember that. It was 10 years before I was born.
Wasn't in the Man on the Moon movie. I don't know. But they did a whole viewer poll thing
to banish Andy Kaufman from Saturday Night Live. And he was banished. Or I remember.
I'm going to really date myself and make myself super lame here, but I don't give a fuck.
All right. Do you remember I'm married with children? They had a night where you could
vote on the ending if Al Bundy was going to actually tell Peg he loved her or not. Like
it was a whole I think it was for Valentine's Day. And you could actually call in and vote
on the ending where if Al Bundy is going to say, I love you, Peg, or just go to bed without
saying it because the whole episode was about Peg was whining. Oh, Al.
You never you never say I love you to me or whatever was the whole plot. That was such
a great show. I'm sorry. But they had an interactive episode. So, you know, but that's did they
from what I remember? Yes. He he said, I love you at the end of the night. It was all the
women voting. But anyway, I wanted to give you beer more often. I said that to get a
reaction out of dark soccer and didn't really get one. All right. I gave him I gave him
a look. I did get side eye a little bit. It doesn't transfer well to radio side. I like
Anyway, Rob gets a snort. I don't remember what I was busy looking at gay. I also remember
an episode if you can't do that on television where you could vote, but that wasn't real.
I remember dating myself that does not compute episode where they used gray slime. Thank
God SSJ 100. Matt in our chat room says I remember this. Thank God it's not just me.
I grew up. I'm married with children. That was my show. All right. Speaking of blast
from the past. We like to do a segment here on the show where dark soccer digs through
the archives of gaming and finds a game that she says, Hey, Hey, you. Hey, listen, my line.
Oh, Al, I found the gayest game ever. Oh, Dan. You should play this game. I've been
trying to get him to download it for me and he won't do it out of pure principle. So somebody
needs to get it for me. All right, dark soccer. What is the classic game of the week? Joe
on a key. Like I said, gayest game ever. I'm kind of sad that I asked, but here you go.
Seriously, when I told Rob I was picking it, he replied with LOL game. So funny key. It
means super big brother. It's a game series done by Masa. Yeah. And published by NSC core.
It came out in 1992 for the PC engine with lots of spinoffs and sequels and other versions.
It's a mostly most versions are side scrolling, shoot them up, plays kind of like Gradius.
We did get Joe on a key on virtual console and somebody needs to give it to me because
I've actually still been looking for Hugh Carter of this. I would love to have a copy
of Joe on a key. So yeah, to start with the first game, the plot is, has the heroes who
are these big buff muscle bound men in Speedos. Going through different areas, space, ruins,
cities, fighting alien invaders and Bo Emperor Bill, which is built a bit, which is supposed
to be a short of body build, is basically man who achieved 10 consecutive victories
in the great galaxy body building contest is facing an ever decreasing supply of protein.
So he's invading other star systems to establish protein factories. And so the heaven realm
sent Eda Ten and Ben Ten to take over Bo Emperor Bill. And so it's a sweaty, hot muscle battle.
Yes. But the main characters actually in this one was, Eda Ten was just a pretty guy and
Ben Ten who was a girl blue hair. And then you have the muscle bound men, Samson and
Adon who are the muscle bound men in Speedos and they hover around and they are the brothers.
So yeah, it's weird. Basically the whole genre of games that these are in are what's called,
they're very kitschy. They're called bakage, which is like idiot game, sort of a lighter
of the kusoge, which kuso means shit. Shit game. So this is bakage. It's campy. It's
really weird and fun. It's half naked men in suggestive homoerotic poses. And fairly
neat. It's not really pornographic, just gay. GAY! And the rights to the series are now
actually owned by Extreme Co. Limited. So the different games in this series, we have
chowaniki, we have ai chowaniki, which ai means love, so we have love super big brother.
And it has a slightly different control scheme. You can actually do special attacks by doing
street fighter style button meshes. And in this one you fight the, you actually have
to raise the Nioh builder army, well the bad guy. His name is Botekunshiyasu, which is
body conscious, it's a pun, to fight Ita-ten and Ben-ten. And they fall in love and elope.
So Samson and Adon have to fight. And it's, yeah. It came out on Virtual Console Japan
in 2007. Chowaniki Bakuretsu Rantohen, which is a different one, it's a fighting game.
You have Ita-ten, Ben-ten, Samson and Adon. They attack by gyrating and flatulating.
You have Sabu, who is a pagoda shaped ship with Elvis Presley on the top. Mommy 19, it's
a cute girl mixed with a battleship, transporting three naked folicing men. You have Adam, who
is actually Adam from the creation, who is half naked and riding on the moon. You have
Bote, who is the guy from the first game. And Umimin, who is a latex creature that looks
like a condom. So, yeah, interesting. We also have Chowaniki Kyukyoku Meteki Genga Saikyou
Otoko, which translates to, um, the ultimate most strongest man in the galaxy. Or the ultimate
invincible most galactically powerful man. And it's based off the first Chowaniki. And
it's, uh, Ita-ten and Ben-ten from the first game. Um, yeah, it's still weird. Um, it's
actually available for download on PlayStation Network, uh, in North America. So, get it
and then send it to me. And then we also have the Wonder Swan version, Chowaniki Otoko no
Tamahuda. Um, it's actually, um, I've explained what Hanafuda is before, haven't I? I think
so. Nintendo started off as a Hanafuda company. It's playing cards. It's a type of playing
card game. Right. Sorry, I just want to, I switched the music to the ending from the
PC Engine version because I wanted to see it. Okay. So, sorry. It's okay. Um, but it's
actually a portmanteau of Tamashi, which is Soul, and Hanafuda, which is a card game.
So it's like, it could also mean balls. Tama. Balls. Anyway. Um, it was on the Wonder Swan.
I came really close to buying this once. Then, what? You, you said something. Oh no, I was
just, I was gonna say, you know what's funny is that, you know, obviously I know of this
game because, you know, I've been doing this show for a while and how can you not know
about this game, but, uh, I've never played it. Believe it or not. I've never played this
game. Well, um. It looks like I just kinda look at it with a raised eyebrow going, what?
Which I'm sure is what most people do. And it's probably the point. Okay. Well, um, the
last, uh, one on my list is Choeiniki Senaru Protein Densetsu, which is Legend of the Holy
Protein. Wow. And it's done by the group that did Sengoku Blade. Holy Protein? Holy Protein
Batman. I'm just gonna read exactly what's on the article. The plot of the game centers,
actually, centers on the Holy Protein, a deity-like glob of what may be semen. Samson and Adon
hover around the glob, absorbing enemy fire as they did in the previous game. Yeah, um,
yeah. And it has, um, a Mona Lisa painting that fires lasers from its eyes, and a giant
cross-dressing man in a maid outfit. So yeah. Um, and then there was Choeiniki Zero, which
came out by, um, Extreme Co. Limited, and, uh. But the whole thing with Choeiniki is
that it's so completely freakin' nuts that you can't help but love it. I mean, there's
actually, uh, Masaya made a game called, um, well, a series called Langrisser, which I've
played a few of those games. Um, but Samson and all of them are in it. You have to go
to the Muscle Shrine where you fight Samson, and then you can use the Aniki Summon. It's
on the Mega Drive, Super Nintendo, and PlayStation versions, which I've played the Super Nintendo
in. Um, Capcom game God Hand makes fun of Samson and Adon as powerless, powerless yet
flamboyant drag queens, who are the first bosses in the game. Wow. Yeah. Um, they, uh,
they have, uh, Samson and Adon have a weapon called Men's Beam, which is white energy from
holes in their head. Wow. Yeah. It's just, it's gay. And I'm saying this, it's gay. Like,
I don't really think it's gay as in homosexual, it's more like gay as in, um, Christmas. You
know, don't we now our gay apparel? That's, that's where we're at. I think that it's full
of penis references, and naked men in speedos, and drag queens. Uh, AlphaKananagram in our
chatroom says, Sky, I tried gifting you Choe and Iki on virtual consoles. Is that what
you talked about? I don't remember playing it. Maybe I did, and I just blocked it from
my mind. DDRDollarBill in our chatroom says, gay isn't the word I'd use for Choe and Iki.
Yeah, I'm not so sure. I think I might use the word what. I want it. All right. Anyhow,
there it is, your classic game of the week. If Dark Soccer is all finished over there,
Choe and Iki on various systems. And honestly, Rob, after I've played, I've played like a
couple of them. They're actually really fun. But it's so bizarre. And I just mean, you
can't help but laugh and be happy while you're playing it. Because it's naked. Well then
it is gay. Because gay means happy. And I wasn't meaning like. I know, I know. You know
what I mean. I know what you mean. It's just, it was, it's gorgeous. It's like, it's, it's
beautiful. Penis. I'm 12. I'm gonna need to crop that and play, add that to the sound
board at some point. All right, just, just messing. All right, we're gonna take a break,
but don't go anywhere guys. We'll be right back. Your Twitter topics, and God, you saw
what came last week and what that became. So who knows what's on the Twitter this week.
So get those in at twitter.com slash o-l-r. We're gonna also get to the mailbag and we're
gonna talk about some other news stories. We're gonna talk about some goings-on in Xbox
Live Arcade. We're gonna talk about the future of arcade games in another country. And we're
gonna talk about a game that is being pirated that's doing something kind of lolsy. Especially
if you're Dark Soccer, you're gonna find this pretty lolsy. So we'll be back after this
quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, the video game show where every gamer has
a voice. We are taping live our 392nd episode on this lovely Sunday evening, December the
5th, right, of 2010. I lost track of time. Only 20 shopping days left. Actually no, not
even that many. 19. Uh oh. Oh well. Anyhow, this is the part of the show where we like
to welcome you guys back. We're gonna get into the rapid fire news in a minute. But
I want to bring up a couple things. First, since I didn't mention shopping days and shopping
going on, have you guys like kind of gone out and tried to brave the masses going on
right now? Like I'll tell you, I was in the mall yesterday and it had nothing to do with
shopping. Well, it did. I was getting a card for somebody. But I happen to be at the mall
and uh, it was a madhouse. But I went into GameStop and they were having some pretty
interesting deals. I damn near bought a copy of Borderlands for 18 bucks used. But then
Alan was like, well, but you want to get the PC version so you can play with me. And I'm
like, oh yeah, that's true. And you want to get the game of the year version so you can
play Duke Nukem Forever earlier. True, but that's also more, more money. Like $18 to
see if I, cause I don't know if I'm gonna like it or not. You're gonna love it. Seriously.
You think? All right, we'll see. We'll see. But then I'm also like, well shit, Cataclysm
is coming out this week. Or you could borrow my copy. I like that idea. Well then also
there's always the whole like, I could just play it on Alan's computer, but we always
get distracted because like, oh, but we really need to run a raid and wow, oh boy, we really
need to go out and drink or whatever we're doing. So anyhow, I have either of you guys
been to the stores and looked at deals? Well, I didn't specifically go shopping. Um, when
Marissa was here, we went over to the Arden Fair Mall. Ooh. And we just walked and looked
at stuff and I popped into Forever 21 and looked at jackets cause I liked some of the
clothes there. I wouldn't wear all of it, but I liked some of it. Was that a freaking
mad house though? Like the rest of the malls seem to be? Yeah, it was kind of crazy, but
not so bad. I mean, I went into, you see, wait, wait, I did buy something. Oh, it's
not in here. I bought this gorgeously obnoxious leopard print purse at Claire's. I remember
you for $5 cause you're a 12 year old girl. Yes. It was cute. Shut up. So I bought, I
bought a leopard print purse cause I thought it was cute and adorable and I like, I like
stuff. I'm a girl. Loud. Just cause I'm wearing pyramid head today doesn't mean I'm not going
to be fashionable tomorrow. First I thought you were looking down cause you said I'm a
girl and then he kind of looked down like as if you were checking your breasts to make
sure they were still there. Look how I bounce. But you were looking at pyramid head on your
shirt. All right. P Hiddy. All right. Special to me. Tons of kids at the mall too. Oh my
God. Kids everywhere at the mall. Oof. And I went to target boy. It's, that's an even
bigger mad house. Anyway, I won't bore you with that. What I will bore you with is a
talk about our spinoff shows. If you like orange lounge radio, why don't you take a
minute to check out our spinoff shows. Dark Sakura. She does a podcast called comic insanity.
It's all about comics and it's with her buddies Tiara and Dan shadow and it's every Tuesday
and you can find it on itunes. And this all this month we'll be having a special, which
is our year end review of comics. Oh boy. So now you know what you got to catch up on.
You get to see how much we are, you know, PO'd with Matt fraction. All right. Now do
you remember the show? I do. I plugged your show. You remember my show? The one with Dolly
Parton and her boobs. Oh, sorry. It's best little hoard house in whatever fucking planet
that is. Azeroth. Yes. Azeroth. Yeah. Okay. But yeah, it's there. You're cute. You and
you and extra for, you're adorable. We had a fun show this week. Actually. We had a special
guest. A frat. Matt is what I call him online, but a grandpa Warcraft is what we were calling
him because he's been playing and you know, Matt, he's been playing a Warcraft since vanilla.
So we were calling grandpa Warcraft. It was a good show. Wow. So I have absolutely no
idea what that means. He's old and he plays Warcraft. That's what it means. Uh, and also,
uh, we have a huge show plan. That's not really, we're just doing the same old show, but it
is cataclysm. The third expansion of wow does come out this week. It's a pretty big deal.
So we're going to go plans versus zombies. Yeah. The sad thing is it goes live at midnight
tomorrow and I got to go to bed cause of work. I can't stay up and play wow. And then Tuesday
I have to go bake cookies cause there's this whole cookie party. Yes. There is a cookie
party going on at work. That's why the show got canceled. That was the best part of the
Sarah Silverman show was cookie party with what was the host name? Miss something on
cookie party. Forget it. All the listeners at home are like, I thought this was a video
game podcast. Anyhow, let's do some rapid fire news and remind them that it is a game
podcast. Uh, Loki, what do you got for us? By the way, Twitter last chance, twitter.com
slash O L R for Twitter topics tonight. Yes. Uh, cool stuff. Uh, you may remember that
Ghostbusters a game that came out almost a year and a half ago. Um, there is a few achievements
that were unable to be achieved, I guess, because the game was broken and uh, well apparently
they have actually, um, just, uh, put through Xbox live certification, the, uh, update that
will fix those. And, um, I guess these now four achievements that were unable to be unlocked
before, um, are being fixed. So that's kind of cool that they're actually still working
on patches for games despite the fact that they came out long time ago. So, um, neat.
And then of course if you're a fan of Ghostbusters, you'll be happy to know that Ghostbusters sanctum
of slime will be coming to Xbox live arcade and PlayStation network and PC next spring.
And the game is a little bit different than the one that was on Xbox 360 and PlayStation
three, uh, previously from terminal reality. Uh, this is actually going to be, um, kind
of a top down action game. And they're saying that it's being developed by the assault heroes
creator, uh, one echo and it's a four player online and a co you know, local co-op, a top
down action game that's gonna not really have any of the voice actors because you know,
they're expensive and um, they're not really sure if, uh, you know, the characters from
the movie obviously are going to be there or they're going to be replaced by a new team
or something like that. Um, but yeah, it's a pretty awesome looking actually from some
of the screenshots that they had. So that'll be coming sometime soon next year. Uh, game
loft is announcing some new games. They actually had some pretty decent ones when they're not
ripping off other games. Um, nice. Like I worked that in there. Uh, Nova two, it's their
first person shooter game. That's kind of a little bit like halo. It's inspired, I guess
if you will, but it's actually pretty solid. I thought you said they weren't ripping off
other games anymore. It's a sci fi shooter. Okay. So you know, whatever. All right. But
it's actually pretty cool. Um, it adds new weapons, new enemies and uh, the new enemies
of course have jet packs and uh, we'll offer a multiplayer and I guess it, uh, continues
the story of the first game. Uh, but I guess people that have the original wall so get
rewarded different, uh, with some bonus XP. And then they have shadow guardian, which
is a new IP for game loft and it's kind of similar to like an uncharted or tomb Raider
game. It's more of like a, an action, um, adventure game. So, uh, it looks very uncharted
esque, but um, you know, nice to see some sophisticated games coming to iOS despite
the fact game office really hit or miss with some of this stuff. But, um, yeah, the original
IP stuff's not bad. You know, they're gang star or whatever. Um, it's not a bad clone
of like the old PSP or PlayStation two grand theft auto games. And then, um, let's see,
Def Jam. Uh, this is kind of interesting in the UK. Uh, Def Jam is, um, do their rap star
game. They're having a competition that offers the winner, um, a record contract. Apparently,
um, they're going to be teaming up, I guess, with Atlantic records, UK, and they're giving
a one lucky UK resident chance to, um, have their very own record. And they're going to
be employing the game's freestyle mode and contestants will upload their hottest, um,
40 bars, uh, give or take. And they're going to be judged by the Def Jam rap star community
because they do have a really big, uh, community aspect to the game, actually, despite the
fact that a lot of people don't. I had a chance to get this game. I was going to get it for
just the microphone, you know, cause I got it for free. I actually passed. Wow. It wasn't
a bad game. I mean, I don't listen to really the, I mean, maybe there's a couple songs
in there. I know, but it's not the type of game. I can't see myself honestly playing
this game. Especially I live by myself and a lot of my gaming is alone, so I just can't
see myself, you know, sitting there, you know, rapping by myself in my apartment. I mean,
there's just something kind of sad. I'm crying all night today cause I just watched a sad
movie. I'll play Def Jam rap star to make me feel better. Sip it on gin and juice. Uh,
it says the top regional finalists will then have to compete in front of a live audience
at the UK HMV, um, locations. Uh, they're saying eight mile style and that's going to
be in February. And of course that means that the winner, um, will be able to have the actual,
um, you know, record contract. See, Loki, you should be participating in this. That's
why you need the game. Yes. I bet anything. If you last night, I don't believe that Sacramento
is in the UK. Uh, you know, my basic geography knowledge says that's not correct. We need
to fix this. Just Kidman rap. What do we know to do it? Who else is in the UK? How about
Aki Ripper? Let's get Aki Ripper. Does Sweden count? Sweden? I don't know. We need to find
that out. All right. Anyhow, uh, yeah, I have some news, but whatever. It's just not as
cool as Swedish rap. A rock band reloaded is now available on the iOS systems, meaning
the iPhone, the iPod touch, the iPad. It's five bucks on the phones and phone with no
phone and $10 on the iPad. There's a new expert mode and apparently full vocal support. So
you could actually sit there and, you know, sing along with your phone. Uh, also the iPad
version now has split screen multiplayer and several different ways to have the action
on screen. You can reorient gameplay if you're a lefty. That's kind of cool. And apparently
there's a whole drum kit now that you can kind of have so you can kind of beat your
iPad. I guess that's how it works. Kind of neat. Uh, there are quite a few games available
when you initially download it, including a kryptonite three doors down. So what you
want by Beastie Boys, White Wedding by Billy Idol. God, I love that song. Uh, Call Me When
You're Sober by Evanescence. The Perfect Drug by Nine Inch Nails. Uh, Hella Good by No Doubt.
I mean, a lot of these games are sort of in, uh, the rock band game anyway. There's also
tracks that you can download in the music store. I guess there's some free tracks too
in the music store. Of course they're like indie bands and stuff, but the acrobats are
in there. Daylight and Dollar Short if you like the acrobats. Uh, a lot of people around
the internets were fans of Splosion Man. Remember that game that was on the indie marketplace?
Well, guess what? A sequel has been announced. Ms. Splosion Man. I know they're doing like
the whole Ms. Pac-Man thing, but seriously, they could have done Splosion Woman. I know.
I was gonna say, wouldn't that be Ms. Splosion Woman? Or maybe this is like a drag queen.
I don't know, but whatever. Uh, Ms. Splosion Man, whatever gender he or she happens to
be, is planned to come out in the fall of 2011. This is a really early announcement,
but there it is. Uh, the CCO Josh Baer of Twisted Pixel has said, quote, we could have
churned out new levels for Splosion Man, but we wouldn't have had the time to add in new
gameplay puzzles or cool new character stuff. But we didn't want to just do Splosion Man
2. It had to be something a little more interesting. That is why we're making Ms. Splosion Man.
There's actually a teaser trailer that's out there and everything, and as you can expect,
it pays homage to Ms. Pac-Man. World of Warcraft news, but not the kind that gets me excited.
Sorry, DarkSakura. World of Warcraft apparently is now streaming and playable on an HTC Desire.
Yeah, it's this whole little tech demo that was out there before. It's now been fully
realized apparently. An HTC Desire smartphone is running World of Warcraft, and I don't
know if it's like a streaming thing or what, but there's actually a demo that's out there
on YouTube. Um, I think it is a streaming thing that they're doing with this device
because they say you can do just about any game. And, uh, yep, they're playing World
of Warcraft. And, I mean, do we really need that on the phone? I just, it looks like it's
a pain in the ass to play, quite frankly. Whatever. I guess some people will be into
that. DarkSakura, what do you have for us? Well, we have a few things. Um, to, uh, start
us off with, uh, some Kirby. How about Kirby? Kirby's Epic Yarn will be out in 2011 for
our European friends, out on February 25th. I was trying to say 25th. It'll be 25th. So,
uh, you have to wait, but it's gonna be, uh, all cool. They have to change, you know, in
British English, I guess, so that it can be, you know, a duvet instead of a comforter,
and a lift instead of an elevator, and, uh, a boot instead of the trunk. You know, that
type of thing. And, uh, new, uh, characters for Super Street Fighter IV, we have Dun-dun-dun,
didn't we call it last, uh, last week? Oni Akuma, who is like Shin Akuma, who is the super
evil one. And then we have Evil Ryu. Rrrrr. So that's gonna be super hot, cause I loved
Evil Ryu. Of course, I would love to have Evil Sakura next. Dark Sakura. Ooh. And then,
for Rock Band, more download content, we get Queen! Finally, finally, finally. Um, it's,
uh, Rock Band 3, um, upgraded tracks from Lego Rock Band. Um, so here's what's, uh,
also gonna be in the Queen Extravaganza Pack 1. Hammer to Fall, Keep Yourself Alive, Now
I'm Here, Play the Game, Tenement Funster, We Are the Champions, We Will Rock You, and
the Rock Band 3 Enhanced Pack, I Want It All, I Want to Break Free, Killer Queen, One Vision,
Somebody to Love, and Under Pressure. I am so buying. Which also is David Bowie. I am
so buying that Enhanced Pack. So am I. The, uh, first pack is a lot of really, kind of
like, off-cut tracks, which, I mean, Queen is Queen, they're cool. With these, they threw
two big ones in there to kinda, uh, make it feel a little more valuable, but, uh, I definitely
want, like, all my favorite Queen songs are in that other pack, so. And for some reason,
this is weird, I never bought the Queen track pack in Rock Band originally. Like, I just
somehow missed it, or I wasn't playing Rock Band at the time. Like, there's already, like,
fifteen Queen songs available in there. And, I really need to get Sing Star Queen at some
point, cause I'm sure I can find it really cheap now. Just like Sing Star Abba is on,
like, every Target clearance rack. Really need to get Sing Star Queen. Going to our
chatroom at chat.orangelaungerady.com, there's some comments, uh, SSJ100Matt is talking about
Ms. Splosion Man. Ms. Splosion Man better have her making a sandwich in the end. Just
sayin'. Tigerclaw says, the third one should be Junior Explosion Man, or Baby Splosion
Man. Here you go. I don't know about explosion baby. Chat.orangelaungerady.com. I think there's
an indie game on the marketplace that is about, like, exploding babies, uh, that might be
what you're thinking of, I don't know. Hey, let's go to the tweeter! Twitter.com slash
O-L-R. Uh, SSJ100Matt is sending us a story courtesy of Travis Donovan. South Korea is
getting ready to set an internet curfew for young teens. Really, I had not heard about
this, but then again I did not listen to, um, USL last night, I was a very, er, on,
yeah, on Saturday night, I was a very naughty boy, I was out. Uh, but apparently South Korea,
although I notice I'm being linked to a story from Fox News, so take it from it with a grain
of salt. South Korea is, uh, apparently considering a nationally enforced gaming curfew, uh, in
an effort to, um, curb internet addiction. Cause you know a lot of times we've had those
crazy internet addicts story and they all seem to be out of South Korea. Well apparently
it will make it illegal for internet service providers if this bill is passed to give online
gaming access to users under the age of 16 between the hours of midnight and 6 AM. For
South Korean students this will mean no gaming at all. It's normal to be in school until
midnight due to extracurricular activities and studying. What? Wow. That, that, that
much study is actually pretty normal. Wow, makes me feel like a lazy asshole even though
I was doing like every extracurricular activity in high school, I was still home by seven
or eight o'clock. Dang. Alright, well, interesting. What do you guys think about this ban? They
would never get away with something like that here in the US, that's for sure. It's not
the government's responsibility. It's the parent's responsibility. If they're not doing
their job then it's... I agree. Nope, I agree 100%. It's not, not the government's responsibility
but whatever. Alright, moving on. Dark Tetsuya on Twitter wants to remind us of this and
yes this is something I definitely need to plug and we'll probably be plugging a little
more as we hit the deadline here but the USL-OLR Madness, this used to be called March Madness
but I guess they moved it from March. 2011 is now open for nominations. This is something
a little more that our buddies at Under Station Live do and they really involve themselves
with but we like to support it here at OLR and I know I have already submitted my list.
Now if you don't know what this is, it's basically a competition a la March Madness, the NCAA
competition to choose the greatest game ever. Now this game has changed from year to year.
I believe last year Chrono Trigger finally won which why I don't know, so many people
wank about that game. It's not that great people but Super Metroid has won previously
which I completely understand and support. Super Mario Brothers 3 has won before which
okay yeah Mario, Mario games got to win at some point. So who will win this year? IDK
but you need to submit your top 25 list to uslmadness at gmail.com. Now the deadline
is January 3rd, 2011 so you have a little while but don't procrastinate. Please don't
procrastinate. I've already sent my list in and you should send yours in too. Send it
in order from 1 to 25. More details available on our website at orangelandsradio.com and
I imagine it's available at Understation Live's website as well. They are live every Saturday
night right here at All Games Radio. We're going to some tweets from Spazinator. I agree
with Jamie's thoughts on Choniki. I got the PS1 and to say that it's weird and or gay
is an understatement. It's like saying water is wet. First it was a novelty for me but
once the novelty wore off I forgot about it. As long as you mean gay meaning happy I'm
okay with that. Well I mean it's full of homoerotic imagery. It is, it is but I just you know
whatever. And you know me I never use the word gay to mean anything. I know, I know.
I mean penis. But anyway there's a lot of games like that though where like once the
novelty wore off it's kind of over. There's sadly too many games like that out there but
whatever. Anyhow Tiger Claw sends us a variety of tweets. I seem to remember there's a two
tweet limit but I'm feeling generous and I had beer before the show tonight so I'm going
to let him have all three tonight because I'm kind and generous. First off the Toronto
Police recover half a million dollars in stolen Sony goods. They are on it up there in Canada.
The 39 year old man in Toronto was arrested for stealing half a million dollars. We're
assuming of course that's Canadian. I don't know because they call it dollars too. PlayStation
3's, PSP's and games. Apparently this was due to tractor trailers that were stolen on
November 15th and 16th in Brampton. These trailers had about half a million dollars
in PS3's, PSP's and video games. That's where all the Sony stuff went in Canada. Well the
39 year old was arrested and will be in court on January 10th of 2011. Tiger Claw also sends
us a link. Standalone motion sensing game console believes honesty is the best policy.
This is linked to a story on Joystiq. What is this all about? Apparently it's a knock
off of the Nintendo Wii. There's a system now called the Wireless 60 and there's a description
on the back of the box. This is great. The description on the back of the box says, if
you are looking to purchase or own an Xbox, PlayStation, Nintendo Wii or equivalent, this
product does not compare or compete with these technologies. Well that's, that's awfully
upfront and endearing. Thank you. Thank you for being honest. But I love that it is in
small print on the back. If you're looking for a Nintendo Wii or, but you know what?
These might not be what you wanted. Just, just saying. But if you want the golf kit
and the ping pong kit, this is the system for you. How much is one of these? They're
probably cheap. I don't know. Some of these games probably aren't much worse than a bunch
of the crap on the Wii honestly. You might be selling yourself short a little bit there
Wireless 60. I love the name too. It's just shy of being Wii 60. Think about it. And lastly
from Tigerclaw in our last tweet tonight at twitter.com slash o-l-r, people really did
buy Donkey Kong with bananas. Do you remember that there was this whole promo with the UK
gamers and the UK could actually buy the game with bananas? Yes. Apparently there were some
folks that actually braved the cold weather and 20 people walked away with the game having
paid for them in bananas. How many bananas? It just said a bunch of bananas. So we don't
know exactly how many but it was the first 20 people in line to give a bunch of bananas.
Sounds like a fun promo. And then all the staff's like what the fuck are we gonna do
with these bananas? It's basically a eat em! Dude, bananas are great. It's basically a
Black Friday-esque type of promotion. I mean Old Navy gave away Dance Central to like the
first few people in line right? So I mean you know that's not completely unheard of.
Alright that's gonna do it for Twitter topics tonight. Twitter.com slash o-l-r. In the meantime
back to more gaming news. Loki. Yes. So you know with, they had kind of an indie launch
thing for the Xbox Marketplace. Well now there's kind of the Microsoft Game Studios promotion
that they're doing for Xbox Marketplace and of course they have three games coming out
for the games for the holidays presented by Microsoft Game Studios. And these three games
would be including World of Keflings which does have avatar support in it. Rascals and
Elo Meelo. Even though Elo Meelo you can get it now if you know how. So each, looks like
they're gonna be 800 Microsoft points each or $10. And Elo Meelo of course is on Xbox
Live right now. There is a way to do that. Or you can wait to the official release which
is January 5th. And then of course. Now why would I want to wait? Exactly. Who wants to
wait? World of Keflings. That is kind of a puzzle slash racer mashup game. And that's
gonna be, I'm sorry, the puzzle racer is Rascals and that's gonna be coming out on 29th. World
of Keflings will be on the 22nd. Like I said those are each gonna be 800 Microsoft points
or $10. And of course if you buy more than one there's some bonuses that you get with
that. Not necessarily money back but some neat stuff anyways. You get cross unlockables
for each game. For example in Elo Meelo if you, you can get an unlockable Keflings or
Rascal costume for Elo or Meelo by purchasing the other games. Additionally you can also
unlock Elo and Doug as playable characters in Rascals. And you can also unlock Rascal
characters within Elo Meelo and World of Keflings by purchasing the full range of games as well.
Even crazier it says you can get Rascals early by buying World of Keflings. Rascals can be
bought from within that game a week before it's released on the 29th. Okay I have to
draw a map to follow all that but fine. So basically all these games are giving each
other the reach around essentially. Pretty much. Interesting. It's a throwaway reach
around. I kinda like that idea. I mean even though none of these games are things I'm
particularly excited about. I guess you never know though. I mean like I didn't think I'd
be excited about Super Meat Boy and it's pretty awesome. It's a neat promotion and very different
from what the summer one where it's just like buy X number of games, get points. You know
what I mean? Like I kinda like the idea they've got going on here a little better. So that's
kinda cool. I like the way the games are interacting with each other. Do you have any interest
in any of these games, Loki? Rascals kinda sounds neat. Uh, Elo and Meelo look kind of
cool. Uh, I never played Kingdom of Keflings so hmm. I know I never played Kingdom of Keflings
either but apparently it's pretty popular. But I thought it was only popular because
of the Avatar thing. But I don't know. Alright well moving on to a game I am really looking
forward to and I was very disappointed it didn't make this Christmas but whatever. It'll
come out soon enough when it's ready. Little Big Planet 2 is on its way pretty soon and
there's a beta going on right now. Now there's an update that happened on the PlayStation
blog where the marketing manager at Sony Computer Entertainment America talked through a tutorial
how you can record voices in the game and assign them to characters. Oh my gosh that
looks awesome. I can't play the whole video here because there's a lot to it but uh, yeah
apparently there's these whole little like pins that you can get in the game and you
can go through tutorials and one of the things you get to do, I'm trying to find where it
is in the video I probably won't get it here live on air, but you can actually record voices.
That is awesome. So we could actually do an OLR level voiced with OLR characters. That
would be kind of fun. We can be little sack boys and girls. Yes we could. We should also
get Marissa to do voice acting for us. We should definitely get Marissa to do voice
acting for us and I think she needs a sack girl that you know has very large sacks. Marissa
needs to create UTA. I love Marissa I wish I was able to see her when I was in LA. But
yeah that's awesome. I'm so looking forward to this game. You know what though? Creating
levels in LittleBigPlanet 1 was hard enough. I can't imagine how hard it's going to be
in version 2. But I'm very excited about this. I hope you guys are too. Loki will you be
doing some voice acting for a level in LittleBigPlanet? I can I guess. AlphaCananagram says this is
old news. Whatever it's new to me I'm not in the beta. I haven't been following the
news as closely as I should. Yes and Tigerclaw reminds us as well. I thought this on last
week's show but maybe not. LittleBigPlanet 2 has no 3D support. There will not be 3D
in LittleBigPlanet 2. And to that I say thank you. It is not necessary. There you go. Those
comments from chat.orangelaundry.com. It's just something that they're really pushing
but yeah you're right it's not necessary because they haven't figured out how to do it correctly
without making the gameplay suffer. Izaminar Chatroom says I think the phrase you're looking
for is heavy baggage. Thank you. Alright let's go to DarkSakura with another news story.
Hey the mailbag is not that far away just so you know. DarkSakura? Sega is well they're
looking to expand back into the arcade market but not in Japan. Not in the US but in China.
But as being the second largest economy in the world, China seems like it's going to
be a prime market for video games. Especially arcade based games. And so they're actually
taking games like Outrun and Virtua Fighter and doing new versions of them in China. It
makes sense but I'm really not sure. What do you think Rob? I don't know. I mean I don't
live in that country so it's hard for me to say what kind of culture it is but I hate
that arcades are dying here and then but at the same token when was the last time I went
to one? It's been a long time. But the reason why I don't go to them is that there's not
a lot of serious arcades here anymore you know. So I think if they're doing it kind
of more seriously in Japan and China which makes sense because the internet cafe culture
it's much bigger there too than it is here. Like there aren't really internet cafes here
anymore I mean there's there's one or two especially in the Chinatowns and Koreatowns
like the biggest one I can think of is in Koreatown in LA. But cyber cafes to us are
like Starbucks where you bring your laptop and use the Wi-Fi. Yeah that's what I was
like and there's so many neat cafes like especially in Japan I want to go to the cat cafes. But
I think it's to encourage a more social aspect yet still you know it offers a service with
it. Some of those social games were the best though and it is kind of a bummer that Xbox
Live sort of took that and made it not needing to go to your arcade. Like the best example
I can think of is when Soul Calibur 2 was in the arcades and it had that mode where
you you had your own fighter and the arcade machine would start to kind of memorize how
you play and then you could fight other people to take over the kingdom and remember that
whole little mode that was awesome. Conquest mode. Yeah the conquest mode. And I remember
it wasn't in the home version. I remember we'd come up against each other's and go oh
my god that's exactly how you play. Remember? Yes. And like even one time where I was playing
I think on somebody I was finishing someone else's game and played my own. Played my own
person was like damn I'm a cheap bitch. Or remember. Ice Calique. Something near and
dear to our hearts. Remember when DDR Max 2 was in the arcades and had the community
unlocks where the more you played the faster you'd be able to unlock stuff. That was always
kind of neat I think. So. And we would keep being and figuring out which one was next
and follow the pattern. And how the pattern was working and how many points and I remember
we would be there for some of the unlocks it was like oh my god we got an unlock. We'd
take pictures and stuff. It's Santa Morete. Alright anyhow. And then Max 300 what's this
crap? The hell is this? So yeah I think it's cool. I hope maybe some of the ideas used
in China and Japan they can figure out how to make them work in the US but I'm not gonna
hold my breath cause I think the US is just a bunch of gambling for kids. These ticket
spitting machines. Anyhow. Loki do you have better news for us? Ticket spitting machines?
Yeah. No I'm afraid I don't. But you know there's a lot of those redemption machines
that they have in some of those arcades over there in China and Japan that you know dole
out DS's and stuff. But this has nothing to do with that unfortunately because it's Wii
peripheral and I'd be very disappointed to win it in one of those machines. The Wii Speak
Microphone. Yeah it came out with Animal Crossing, City Folk and they're like oh yeah you can
chat with other people and hey that's you know it's awesome technology to be able to
chat with other players when you're playing games you know something that's standard with
say the Xbox and Playstation 3 which is why we need to get rid of it. And that's sadly
what's happening. The Wii Speak peripheral is now limited at retail locations and additional
shipments I guess can be made if consumer demand increases according to Nintendo but
other than that they are no longer producing those for retail. Not to say that games won't
still support it but it's kind of sad. Especially since they don't really have any sort of like
headset options or anything like that for the Wii. I don't know.
Yeah I mean the Wii's kind of had to catch up in some ways even though Reggie doesn't
want you to think that. I mean in some ways they had to really catch up to some of the
technology at the 360 and the PS3 was doing but it didn't work in this case and I think
part of it was that they'll throw out these peripherals and Nintendo's done this a few
times they'll throw out these peripherals and then not really support them. Like there's
one or two games that support it and then that's it. Like the balance board in some
ways is a bit of anomaly. Like if it didn't have this damn good A plus game behind it
like I think the balance board would be added to the list of stuff that like Wii Speak.
But Wii Speak was for what? A game on the Wii that honestly and I hate to say this wasn't
very good because we'd seen it before. I mean if there hadn't been two other Animal Crossing
games already then the Wii version would have been awesome but that wasn't the case. So
and then what else used Wii Speak? Nothing. Nothing. So and it's not like the Wii is known
for its online gaming capabilities where Wii Speak would come into play so it was kind
of useless. So it's unfortunate. Some folks in our chat room at chat.orangelandradi.com
I'm going to say this name again and butcher it I'm sorry. Maginomicon says yeah that was
a total waste of my money and to be fair there wasn't a better offer on the PS2 a better
showing. I guess that's one way to look at it. And then AlphaCananagram in our chat room
says seriously why isn't the Wii Speak hacked already for the PC? That's a good question.
Maybe nobody cared. Because you can just plug a microphone into the PC and there you go.
Oh yeah and Maginomicon also says what about the broadband adapter for the GameCube? Oh
my god talk about a peripheral that really went wrong. That could have been an awesome
must have peripheral and the Phantasy Star game on GameCube was actually really awesome
too. Yes it was. It was Phantasy Star Online. And it's a bummer that Sega made it because
Nintendo just didn't care. Yeah. Nintendo hates Sega confirmed. Alright one other story
I have for you guys before we get to the mailbag at mailbag.orangelandradi.com. Hey! Maginomicon
says I pronounced his name right. Woohoo! Woohoo! I know I feel like I should play the
level up music. You alright over there? I was singing the level up music for you. This
is news about Game Center on the iPhone and iPod and iPad and honestly I'm kind of looking
at this going who gives a shit about Game Center but I guess some folks in the gaming
blogs are trying to say hey Apple's getting away with what Blizzard couldn't get away
with and that is using real names. Apple made an update to the terms of service on Game
Center this week saying that they will now use your real name when you send a friend
request or reply. So if you're going to add someone on Game Center you better be prepared
for them to see your real name. Now the rest of Game Center will not show the name and
if you already have people friended on Game Center they're not going to be able to see
your name. They will see your user handle and that's it. And by the way the terms of
service also say that users must not pretend to be anyone or any entity they are not. But
this is not hitting that same kind of pushback that Real ID did. Here's the thing though
and I think a point that the game blogs are missing is that there were two big problems
with Real ID that I don't see as a problem in Game Center. Number one, Blizzard was threatening
to put real names on their forums and fine don't post in the forums except for the fact
that Blizzard will direct you to their forums to report bugs and things. So it was a little
bit of a catch-22 whereas we want you to use our forums but we're going to out your real
name as a part of that. And not to get into the rant I got into several weeks ago on this
show when that was the news but let's just put this quickly. If you think it's not a
big deal to have your first and last name out there fine but keep in mind you know some
of us have had stalkers in the past and other scary things that you know make us a little
hesitant to do that. So you know even though I don't have delusions of grandeur I realize
this podcast is just this you know little podcast with a loyal fan base. You have to
remember I have been stalked before because of it and for that reason I choose not to
tell people my last name unless like I know them in real life. If you know me in real
life it's not a big deal but just because of what's happened in the past I don't like
it being out there. So I was not a fan of this at Blizzard. The other thing I was not
a fan of was the friend of friend thing because what would happen on Real ID and they took
this out but it was in there originally is that you could go onto your friends list and
see all of your friends friends first and last name. Which I sort of think I know what
they were trying to do with that but as somebody again who has stalked before because somebody
used a friend of mine to get to me. I can see where this is a potential for problem
and it made me very mad about Real ID. Now Blizzard got rid of it. They finally pulled
their head out of their butt and they decided not to do this on the forum and they turned
off the friend of friend. They still have the real names in the game and if you add
somebody to your friends list they see your real name and so forth but at this point I'm
kinda like okay well I don't add people to my friends list I don't really know so it's
really not a big deal. And that's kind of where Game Center is at and so I don't think
it's the same thing that Blizzard is doing because now Game Center is doing what Real
ID is now and nothing more and I think a big part of the reason why they're doing it is
that there were the spammers out there. People were posting on their Twitter you know add
me on Game Center friends and then they got all these spammers. I don't really know how
you spam people on Game Center but whatever it was out there it was a problem so I think
this is how Apple's trying to fix the problem. Something else to throw out there is that
when I used Ping, wow did that tank, but I was on Ping for like a day. When I signed
up for Ping I was able to use an alias. If you search for Rob Roberts on Ping you'll
find me, my radio name. So if that's the name that's being used on Game Center then I really
don't have a problem with it, that's fine. But I don't know like I'm too, I don't really
know anybody else to send a friend request to because at the end of the day Game Center
there is zero point to it. What does Game Center bring to the iPhone gaming experience?
Not a damn thing. Achievements and scoreboards. Whoopty shit. Especially for a lot of games
that you could write off very easily. These are not serious games. Whereas World of Warcraft,
that's a huge time thing for a lot of people and a very passionate experience. Whereas
I don't think people get that connected to their iPhone games. You know it's like lol,
pocket frogs. I love my pickle, you hush. Honestly I don't really play a lot of Game
Center games. Mainly it's just Open Faint stuff because there's a lot more games that
I play that have Open Faint in them. More of them are getting Game Center but I don't
really care. Yeah I have one game on Game Center and all the rest of mine are Open Faint.
So yeah, Game Center is, I don't think it's the same thing as Real ID. I think what they're
doing, I mean, because at the end of the day, WoW has a lot of passion behind it. Game Center
has a lot of, I don't care. No one cur behind it, you know? If I had to delete Game Center
at the end of the day, I wouldn't cry. But if I had to delete World of Warcraft, I'd
be very upset that Blizzard made such a dumb decision because, you know, I am, you know,
call me an addict or whatever you want, I am very invested in that game because it is
a way for me to kind of play games all along with my friends. So, there you go. Let's go
to the mailbag. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Every week you guys send us emails and we
read them. Now the mailbags have been kind of light for the last few weeks but as I understand,
the listeners have really pulled through this week, haven't they? They did and I've actually
cut out the really long ones. Aww. Sorry. Are you going to post them online or anything?
I might post them on the forum. I said there's one I would post on the forum. Okay. Um, but
I have to do that when I'm ready for two. Um, so, first email. Um, by the lady that
sent us Boobs, gamer girl. Wait, what? What? Boobs? What? Boobs? She sent a picture of
her chest and she's wearing an Eggo t-shirt and quite lovely. Lego my Eggo. Says, I just
wanted to write the show and say you guys do an awesome job. If you keep me, no, you
keep me laughing and I love it. I wanted to know if anyone is excited about the new Cataclysm
expansion or do you think it's just hype? Hey, hey. I missed part of that. What was
that? Don't get me wrong. I've been a fan of World of Warcraft as a whole for a good
while now. After all, it's my crack AKA way out of the real world for a while. Anyway,
just wanted to say again, a good job with the show. Sincerely, gamer girl. Without getting
too much into the Warcraft discussion because now I have a whole nother show for that. Let
me try to quickly answer the question. I don't think it's all hype because let's face it,
if you do something the same way for forever, especially in gaming, it starts to get really
dull. And if you look at vanilla World of Warcraft, the leveling from zero to 60 experience,
it was now five years, six years old. That's as long as a lot of game consoles last. I
mean, I realize now in this generation we're in, it's a little bit different, but even
now we're what, five years since the Xbox 360 launched? And what is...huh? Honestly,
we could use a Cataclysm in Final Fantasy 11. Granted, they had Dynamis, the uber elite
hard Cataclysm. But here's the point I'm really trying to make, is that the Xbox 360 has been
out for what, five, six years now? And what are they doing now? They didn't release a
new console because of economy and so forth. What are they doing? They're releasing Kinect.
They're trying to reinvent the old experience. Are you suggesting that the Red Rings of Death
were the Cataclysm of the Xbox? Sure. So, now you have the Cataclysm coming to World
of Warcraft as a way to kind of reinvent the game and make old stuff new again. And so
for that reason, yeah, I think it is kind of a big deal. And I think if you are passionate,
I mean, you already know right now if you're buying Cataclysm or not. And the Galen Rockets
are pretty awesome. They are. But, let's see, I'm trying to make a long story short and
it's not really working very well. But I will say this, Cataclysm World of Warcraft was
a great way for them to get World of Warcraft 2 without making it a whole new game and splitting
the player base like what happened with EverQuest and Final Fantasy in some regards. World of
Warcraft Cataclysm is WoW 2. It might not be as jarring of a change, but they went back
and redid a lot of old shit and made it prettier and just short of the character models, which
I'm sure will be in the next expansion. It's neat that Blizzard does innovate a little
bit with each expansion. It's pretty cool. So I think it's a big deal. Okay, I'm done.
Did you hear? Now, this didn't make our show roll, but did you hear that EverQuest 2 may
be doing the same thing? What do you mean same thing? Like a Cataclysm type thing? What's
the point behind it? Just trying to... Get people to play. They need to figure out a
way to cross the two worlds over, which I know would really piss the players off in
some regards, but I just feel like where they went wrong was they really split their player
base from EverQuest to people who don't want to leave EverQuest. There's got to be a way
to copy your character into EverQuest 2. Granted, I'm talking out my butt because I've never
played EverQuest or EverQuest 2. I've only watched a friend play the first one. Anyway,
my point is they made a mistake splitting the player base, but everybody got to learn
from that. Next email. Aww, this makes my heart feel warm. Rob, Jamie, and Loki. I just
wanted to say thank you. Having a couple of back episodes to listen to at work helped
me get through what has been the worst week I've had. Listening to friends I've never
met talk about and have fun doing something that they and I enjoy was a much needed bright
spot and distraction from everything. Thank you for all that you guys do, Brad. That's
our Brad from PodCulture. Well, thank you very much, Brad. I appreciate that. We had
a really nice message on our Facebook this week too. It's been a week of warm fuzzies.
Thank you so much. Must be the holidays. Next one. Hey guys, it's Molten Brown. I just wanted
to ask you for advice. I already have a Nintendo DS and I've been debating whether or not to
get a PSP for a long time. Part of me wants it for the way the system looks as well as
better graphics the system offers compared to the DS, but I don't know if it's worth
the price to pay if there aren't that many games that I will like on it. I really like
RPGs, fighting games, and games that offer a different visual or playing style than the
norm like Hotel Dusk. Does the PSP offer any good games that fit what I like? Also, I was
wondering if the PSP is more comfortable to hold than the DS. I find that my hands start
hurting after holding the DS for more than an hour. Thanks for the advice, Molten Brown.
This email is brought to you by the Netherlands. Do you like the dreary weather and temperature
akin to fall on the East Coast? Then the Netherlands is the place for you. Um, Patapon? Patapon's
cute. Roko Roko? Yeah, those are all cute games. If you like RPGs and fighting games,
you need that Square Enix game. The fighting one that's Final Fantasy. Dissidia. Yes, Dissidia.
That should be like number one on your list. But if you like a standard fighting game,
the Tekken games on PSP are pretty nice. There's a Soulcalibur game out there, I believe. Yeah.
There's also, as far as RPGs, Puppet Lacrosse was cool. I loved it. I played through it.
And the Final Fantasy remakes are awesome, if you can find them. Yeah. But, but don't
get the go. Yeah, don't get the go. Honestly, the go, the go needs to go. The, the... It's
not worth the money. But, um, as for hand comfort, given that I have hand problems after
my surgery, uh, the PSP really is fairly comfortable, just because of the curved ends on it. But,
it, it's still reaching around for those buttons, and I have these little short thumbs. It's
really about the same, in my opinion. Don't you think, Rob? It's about the same feel?
I'm sorry, I missed... Comfort of the con, of the console itself. Uh huh. Do you think
that the PSP or the DS is more comfortable? Or are they about the same? I, I like the
feel of the PSP, because it feels like I'm holding a controller that has a, a, a video
on it. And so, you know, I have kind of, you know, I'm, I'm six foot two, so I have kind
of big hands. So, I don't know, it's, the PSP's not really a problem for me. The DS,
um, it doesn't feel the same to me, because you're using one hand to kind of write. I
think I actually, to be honest, I like the way the PSP feels a little better, I think.
I don't like, that's why I don't like DS games that overuse the stylus. Once in a while's
okay. But if I'm playing a DS game that now is stylus-free and uses the controller, then
it's cool. I'm, I'm, I'm cool with it. But the square feeling is a little weird. So I,
I think I actually like the PSP better overall, I gotta admit. Well, just a few more, because
we really did get a lot of email. Hello, OLR. Another word from Belgium here. My girlfriend
bought Kinect for my birthday last week. What an amazing piece of technology. For the first
time ever in six years, my girlfriend enjoys gaming. Yeah, she played other games, but
found them too complicated because of all the buttons you need to use. Now she even
asks to game. Truly, this must be heaven. She tested Wii and moved too, but was not
very interested in it. She thinks both are too limited to control different genres of
game. Hell, even my father played bowling and Kinect, and he didn't suck at it. Anyways,
as I stated, Kinect is amazing. Everything Microsoft promised works perfectly. The major
drawback is the space it needs, though my room is too small to play, to decently play
Kinect. So I have to move my 360 and Kinect to the living room. But that's not my biggest
problem. What I was thinking of is this. I fear Microsoft might reveal a Kinect 2 or
Kinect HD next to E3. It will not need as much space as Kinect needs. Do you think Microsoft
will announce this early? Do we need to shell out another 150 euros next Christmas? Or will
they do no such thing and hold onto the spacious Kinect? I don't think the space needed can
be fixed with a firmware update. I would like to thank you for OLR. You guys really make
my day. Yours truly, Fabrice. Honestly, you know, I think the third party company is going
to come out with a solution to this. I think it's actually a lot simpler than it sounds,
but literally snapping on a lens to the front of that would probably fix that right there.
Yeah, and your other question about will they announce something new at E3? No. No way.
Not this soon. This E3 is going to be about now. What is the next wave of games for Kinect?
I think what Microsoft really needs to do at this year's E3, and the publishers, is
show us, okay, now we've seen you taking the Wii games and taking them to the next step.
What are the Kinect games really about now? What are you really going to do with this
thing? I think that's what this next E3 is about, and what Microsoft has to show. I don't
see them at all doing a Kinect 2.0. No, not this quick. Maybe a smaller one, like a slim
remodel type of thing. The budget Kinect. Again, I think it's too soon. Now, maybe a
price cut for the existing Kinect, that could come out at E3, but I don't see, especially
this quick. I mean, you're talking like a little over six months after the launch. Not
going to happen that fast. Now, as far as the next console goes, if Kinect proves popular,
which so far it is, I would expect that when we get to the Xbox 720 or whatever we call
it, Kinect will be built in to whatever it is they have planned next. But that whole
whatever's next is still a good two years out, at least. At least. It's going to come
a lot sooner from Nintendo than it is the other two. You know, Sony has said time and
time again, ten year cycle, ten year cycle, ten year cycle. The only one that needs to
catch up right now is Nintendo. And in some ways, they don't, because they're still selling
like crazy, because they're kind of the budget system at this point. But I see them going
more of the route like they do with the DS and the Game Boys and all that stuff, where
it's something that, it's an upgrade, but it still plays all the old stuff. Yep. I absolutely
100% think whatever we see next from Nintendo is going to be Wii Evolved. Not throwing out
the whole Wii concept altogether. The Wii's been a huge seller. It's going to be Wii HD.
It'll be Wiivolved. Wiivolve. Actually, that'll be the name of the console right there. Trademark
Dark Sakura. That's right. Trademark. Copyright. Patent pending. Blah, blah, blah. Restricted.com.
Boobs. Nice. So, uh, next, and I'm only going to do two more. We really did get a lot. Greetings
Orange Orange Radio. The first thing, I believe you're all mega excited to see Tron Legacy
in about two weeks. Well, I've been seeing this ad on Facebook, and well, let me pull
up the ad. It's a big flashy Tron Legacy thing. Dude, that looks like it's going to load the
old arcade game or something. Flash. I'm trying to see. Light Cycles! I bet that's like a
Light Cycle arcade game on Facebook or something, huh? Upload your face. Get on the grid. Oh,
so you can take a picture of your face and put it in this trailer. Oh, that's cute. That's
like those dancing elves that I see around work every year. I hate the freaking dancing
elves. The Jib Jab. That's what it's called. I'm going to post this in the chatroom. It's
basically a face mapping app. If you click on it, you may have to take a picture of your
face. Note, I said face because it didn't recognize anything else. And know that didn't
mean I took a picture of my balls. I used my- What if you draw a smiley face on your
penis? I used my Moby Noggy screenshot of my character. And you get to watch yourself
get killed by Jeff Bridges. Just thought you'd think it was cool. Second, if I were to start
World of Warcraft on the original expansion, would I just be locked out of the places or
should I get Cataclysm and start there? Here's the thing. Cataclysm won't work without the
regular game. I'm getting a lot of wow questions. Hoardhousepodcast.gmail.com. Just saying. Don't
you have to have all the other expansions? You do. You do. But here's the thing, and
a lot of people are missing this. When they released the Cataclysm, when they released
the Kraken, or Deathwing in this case, they evolved Old World permanently. So if you have
World of Warcraft and nothing but, if you have Vanilla WoW, you will still get the new
WoW experience. The Old World is gone. So it makes it a really good experience. There
are other enhancements that make the Cataclysm worth purchasing, such as- But is Mr. T still
there? I believe he is. He's not outside the cities anymore, but he'll come back. Such
as, and just a short list, the ability to level to 85. New dungeons and raids that come
with that. The fact that you can roll a Worgen or a Goblin, and Worgen is going to be a huge
race. I mean there's tons of furries that want to play Worgen. I'm half tempted if somebody
gets me the game to put Star Trek Online aside to give it a try. Well there's one other thing
I want to throw out there, and that is, now is an excellent time to suck yourself back
into the World of Warcraft, because Blizzard's been having this huge sale, and I don't know
if it's over yet or not, but Vanilla WoW, five bucks. Burning Crusade, five bucks. Wrath,
ten bucks. Twenty bucks gets you caught up to- They even had one. I already had the other
two, the first two. I'm not sure if it was going on during the sale though, or whatever.
It was, you buy it at GameStop for fifteen dollars, you get a fifteen dollar gift card.
You get it for free, basically. Nice. Let me see if that sale is still going on. Dark
Saga, if that sale is still going on, I will buy you Wrath of the Lich King as a Hanukkah
present. Okay. I'll give it a try again, I mean, shit. As much as I love Star Trek Online,
I can alternate months. Excellent. Except I don't want to have to go out and buy Cataclysm.
I on the other hand will not be joining the World of Warcraft. If you don't have an intro-
I'm not even going to try with you, you have a baby anyway. I don't join even the actual
world right now, so. I was just going to say, as long as you don't want to roll a Worgen
or a Goblin, there's not a lot for you until you get up to level 80. I still have- I have
a level 20, um, what the fuck are the goat people, Rob? Draenei. Draenei. I have a Russian
goat people. Not enough rage. Alright, anyhow, Jovidaya on our channel says, all I hear
is blah blah wow, blah blah vanilla, blah blah blah. Puppies, rainbows, kittens, unicorns.
Do I have your attention now? Naked men. Choaniki. Choaniki. No, um, I'm going to go finish.
Okay, third- Majinamicon and other big words I can think of. Alright, um, okay third, can
you patch a UMD or download PSP import games to English? Because I know that you can do
that for the DS, so I was wondering. Um, I'm sure within emulator? I don't know if there's
people that do that, but maybe. It wouldn't be on UMD anymore. You would have to have
this whole ROM thing and then you're getting into shady hacks. So I'm sure it's possible.
Don't ever doubt what the hacker community can do, but it just- you'd have to go to the
darker parts of the internet to find it. Okay, one last thing, DarkSakurai, in Comic
Insanity do you guys talk about anime as well? Typically not unless they have a comic attached
to them and not necessarily manga. We really focus on Marvel, you know, DC, IDW, Udon,
basically US-based companies, so. Although we've gone into a little bit of the manga
before. I think it's one of those, like, inevitables. Like, you know food is going to come up on
OLR and you know that manga's gotta come up on Comic Insanity once in a while. And, uh,
He Who Shall Not Be Named on Comic Insanity. And just like, and X-to-Fur's Masturbation
Habits will come up on Horde House. Just saying. Yes. It says, thank you, and DarkSakurai,
your grammar coaching is appreciated. Well, if you really appreciated it, you would've
spelled grammar right. Nice. Let me get some comments from chat. Chat.orangessauceredo.com.
I love this comment. SSG100Matt says, so Jamie went from World of War crap to I might consider
playing it over the course of an episode. I might consider playing it if someone else
buys it for me. This is the awesome thing about Orange Launch Radio. Hey look, last
week we went from guy tweeting us saying isn't this game cool to having the creator on our
show hours ago. Every gamer has a voice. I love this show. It's amazing. Uh, DDRDollarBill
in the chat says, shit, I'm still jonesing for DC Universe to try it out. It's awesome.
It needs work, but it's awesome. Remember, this is, if someone buys it for me, I would
play it. Fair enough. And that means I'd have to give up Star Trek Online for a month. And
I don't want to be kicked out of my fleet. So I still have to think about it. SalaciousPop
in our chat room says, a UMD rip, which I've used, is like 500 to 900 megabytes. That's
an awful lot to patch. Also, most torrented PSP games are just disk images, hence UMD
rip. Text patches actually modify game files. I would have thought, though, because you
can do it so easily with, you know, like Super Nintendo ROMs and stuff. But then again, what,
the largest Super Nintendo images are what, 1632 megs? So I can see where it's probably
a much bigger pain in the ass. But again, don't doubt the hacker community. Where there's
a will, there's a way. Right? Indeed. Any more emails tonight? Oh, they're still reading
this email. Oh, my bad. Um, thanks for reading my email. And if you didn't, what the fuck?
Also, Darsakha, fuck my life. And why would you let Rob lick Dan's balls just to mess
with you? Remember, Dan made balls last week. We were eating. Did you forget about your
husband's balls? No, it's just now they're ground beef. Oh. Your loyal listener, Haseo
Sumiragawa. P.S. Can I get a woot from the Minnesota listeners? Because Garrett Hedlund,
aka Sam Flynn, was born in Rosso, Minnesota, about 100 miles from where I live and pissing
distance from Canada. Canadian! Tron Legacy officially made of win. All right, let's get
a woot from the Minnesota listeners. Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp. I'm sure they're out
there somewhere. Well, we have one last email. All right. And this one, I, you know, it's,
okay. I'm just trying to keep away from the political, in charge stuff, but this is a
good email. With all the homophobia, don't ask, don't tell, Prop 8, among others, why
does it matter if anyone is gay or not? The way people worry about being gay or being
near someone gay, I can't help but make the comparison to the X-Men movie and fear people
had towards mutants. That's where mutants came from, kind of. All the arguments against
gay marriage, gays in the military, gay teachers, to me, are unfounded and stupid, and the more
they try to defend their position, by the way, they are spelled T-H-E-I-R, not T-H-E-R-E,
but position, the more stupid and ignorant they get. Agreed. Except for your spelling.
I hope one day it just won't matter, there's an apostrophe and won't, and everyone is treated
the same. I wrote this email after talking this very subject with my wife several times.
I just can't figure out why it matters if everyday life, in everyday life, if one is
gay or not. What people do in the privacy of their own homes is their own business,
and why should it dictate if you can do a job to defend our country or get married?
Sorry for the email, I'm not gay-related, but I just wanted your opinion on this again.
And there's a gay-related part, so I'll read that next. I agree with everything. So, you
missed it earlier, I had my FKHH shirt. Yeah, I mean, what you're saying, I think, is the,
I don't want to say the right viewpoint, but in a way it's kind of like, in a perfect world,
where hopefully in the world our children and our grandchildren live in, you're right,
it won't be a big deal. It's just whatever, no one curr. But I think right now, I think
sometimes, you know, because there's two extremes to this. There isn't necessarily just the
homophobic side, but then there is the side that likes to drag people out of the closet,
so to speak, which I'm not necessarily sure I agree with either. Because there's people
that don't want it to be that big of a factor, that would prefer not to say that they're
quote in the closet, but that they just don't make it, they don't, for whatever reason,
want to make it a huge part of their life. I think that one's life shouldn't necessarily
be dictated by their sexuality. Yeah, absolutely. It's an aspect of the life, but it's not your
entire life. I don't go around thinking about, oh, I'm going to fuck Dan every day. Sorry.
I just like that. Is that what your inner voice sounds like? I'm gonna fuck Dan. No.
I've been using the redneck voice for Pinkberry too. I'm going Pinkberry. Nice. But no, I'm
just saying, you know, it's like, I'm going to be, I'm going to, you know, oh, I eat only
tacos so I'm only going to do things associated with tacos. You know what I mean? Right. It's
like, okay, you know, if you prefer to sit on the toilet or pee, you know, if you prefer
to pee standing up or sitting down, guys, is that determine your life? You know what
I mean though? I'm picking something that, cause some guys prefer to pee sitting down,
some guys prefer it standing up. When did you choose to pee sitting down? When did you
choose to pee standing up? When did you choose to be gay? When did you choose to be straight?
It doesn't matter. Hey, hey, hey, Matt, when did you choose to be straight? Boobies. I
don't know. When did I choose? I don't think I did choose. Exactly. Point. But Matt's also
on the side of reasonableness. Matt is where the rest of America needs to be. You know
what I mean? And generally our listenership I think is on that same page. That is promising
more than anything. You know, obviously it's no secret on the show. I'm gay. Although,
Oh my God. But well for the longest time, you know, uh, especially when the show was
first podcast, when it first came out on the show that I was gay, there was quite a few
emails about the whole like, wait a minute, wait, wait, wait, wait. Rob's gay. Like, because
if you remember, well, hold on though. Remember for the longest time we were doing a live
show and then a separate podcast. So there were a lot of people that were listening to
the podcast that weren't listening to live show where like the, the other talk was happening.
Whereas on the podcast until we combine the shows, then it finally came out probably,
you know, like a year and a half after we've been podcasting. And you know, I'd mentioned
some guy had been dating or whatever and you know, there was, there was quite a few emails
that came in that next week. Okay. So I don't remember getting any thing bad. Uh, I got
one that was a little iffy, like I don't, it wasn't necessarily negative, but it was
more of like an I'll pray for you thing. And it was kind of one of those, you know, okay,
thanks but no need. You know, I know that if there's a higher power, I try to live my
life to the best of moral being that I can and what higher power that is nothing but
love is going to send me straight to hell to burn for an eternity for trying to be the
best person I can be. That's a ridiculous way of thinking. Exactly. It's, you know,
this is the whole way I look at it. It's like, you know, it's, I'm trying to think lifestyle
is like going out to the clubs and dyeing your hair blue or you know, if you want to
be seen or, or you know, lifestyle is how you live your life, what you've chosen to
do with your life. But that's not lifestyle. That's just an aspect. It may contribute to
your lifestyle, but it's not something that you choose to do. You know what I mean? I'm
trying to make sense with this. It's not something. I don't mean to laugh at you. I'm laughing
at chat because you know, Alan said something funny, so I'll read it in a minute. But it's,
it's just like, it really shouldn't have to do with anything. It shouldn't be a big deal.
It shouldn't be anybody else's freaking business. Uh, let's see. Salacious Pop in our chat room
says, quote, I will inform Jesus ASAP of your wrongdoing so that he may send his Healy vagina
beams at you so that you can go to heaven because I'm concerned about you so much. Look,
and I don't mean to mock religion. I think there's a lot of good stuff that can come
out of religion, but unfortunately there's also a lot of bad stuff that can come out.
You know what I mean though? You know what I mean? I never want to disrespect somebody's
religion until that religion disrespects me. Right? Well, and I'm going to plug this once
on the show because I think that everyone who listens to it actually get a lot of good
out of this. There's um, and I follow him on Facebook and I've actually plugged the
podcast. The guy's name is John Shore. He's an evangelical Christian. He did a movie called
Lord save us from your followers. And the whole movie is basically him actually going
out and striking up conversations with people to find out why they don't like Christians,
why they have a problem with evangelicals, you know, actually just going in and asking
questions. And you know, meeting, he went to San Francisco to Castro to talk to people.
Quite a few fabulous drag queens on there too. But I mean the whole, the whole point
is that it's like you need to stop being right and start respecting other people. It's, you
know, that close minded, Oh, this is the only way it can be. Maybe it's because the Bible
said this or maybe my pastor said this. This is the only way it is and all the rest of
you are wrong. That is no way that's going to automatically close the door on anything
you have to say. Excellent point. One other thing I want to say on this and I swear we
can get back to games, but um, you know, whatever we're, we're allowed to get on off topic grants
once in a while because I clearly don't ask, don't tell on the whole hubba loo about that
right now in America motivated this email. Like, yeah, I think there was a party said
talking about to the wife about serving and all that. So clearly there was some motivation
by that whole hot topic. And the thing that gets me and the just, just the idiot perspective
and the people that have the biggest problem, I think sometimes with homosexuality and even
so much what they're saying, the problem is with don't ask or, or the, or why they need
don't ask, don't tell is that straight men or certain straight men are threatened because
they don't want guys checking them out. They don't want other guys checking them out. And
there's a part of me that goes, A, get over yourself. Do you know, uh, there's probably
a lot of people that don't care less just because someone's gay. I don't find every
guy in the world hot just because I happen to be gay. In fact, there's, there's quite
a few ugly ones out there. I hate to say it. Uh, but you just, when people kind of have
that perspective of like, well, I hope he's not gay cause I'm not, he's going to try to
put in my butt. I'm just, I just think like you're the one with issues if that's your
line of thinking, like why is that such a big deal to you? Why does that, I mean what
ultimately boils down to a compliment, right? When somebody likes you, that's a compliment.
Why does that make you so freaky? Are they so scared? What was the word? Are they so
insecure? Yeah, insecure. That's the perfect word. Well, and you know, it's, it's actually
a proven psychological point that a lot of people, not everybody, do have some homosexual
tendencies. There can be a level of attraction. You may not fully, I guess, swing that way
to use the quote, but it has been proven. There's studies out there that everyone carries
a little bit. I mean, if, if not for you, I mean, and I've said, I don't know that I've
made this completely, but I've talked to you about it before, but I mean, if not for Dan,
I could easily have had a girlfriend. I've had flings, you know, I, I have, I'm completely
attracted to everybody I guess, you know. Um, but it's not like I'm going to go up to
someone and go boobies. Really? Cause I think you did that once and you were drunk. I did.
Just kidding. I will say one and I've told you this off the air before, but it did kind
of gross me out when I saw you kiss a girl. That's so wrong. But I have, you were drunk.
I have kissed women. Yeah. Big deal. But it was dumb fun. It was, I'm not saying it grossed
me out. I'm just like, that's so weird. I know. I know. It was funny. But yeah, back
to the point. Yeah, it's, it's, it's interesting. But what, there was one other thing I want
to say about this. Oh, oh, here's the thing. If you're that guy that's really afraid of
another guy hitting on you or whatever, let me, here's a simple line to use. If, if somebody
ever reveals to you their secret man crush on you, brings you on the, on the local talk
show to out their crush or whatever on you. Thanks, but no thanks. I'll tell you what,
straight people have been using that line for a long time. Gay people use that line
with each other too. Thanks, but no thanks. Right? Yeah. If somebody says they have a
crush on you, but you know, you, you just don't feel that same way or, or you happen
to already be in a relationship or married or something, no matter what the two genders
are. Thanks, but no thanks. It was like, remember great America when I went to gay day at great
America and the girl was in the bathroom and said I was cute. I was like, Oh, thank you.
I'm taken. It was that easy. I mean, I wasn't expecting it. You came out of there and you
were like, Oh, Hey, I'm looking hot today. Well, you were there. You saw, I was tickled
all day. I was like, she thought I was nice to get a compliment. I know it's not, I mean,
I was like, that's so cool. I mean, there wouldn't be a single person in this universe
I would cheat on, you know, while I'm with Dan, I would never. What about Margaret Cho
circa 10 years ago? Nah. All right. I, you know, I am completely and utterly dedicated
to my husband. You are completely and utterly dedicated to Alan and Matt here is completely
and utterly dedicated to his phone right now. That's correct. You clearly love your wife
very much. Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead. But I'm saying, you know, all of us in this room,
we have found our person. We were very happy people. You know, it's we, we have that level
of security that even if we weren't with our significant others that we'd just say, you
know, thanks, but no. All right. I want to say this in the chat because this is so good.
Brad says, if someone is checking you out, be flattered. Now, if they stalk you different
story. Absolutely right. And it doesn't matter what the genders are in that case too, because
that stalking is when it crosses the line when thanks, no thanks. Doesn't get the message
across like it should to most reasonable people. That's a whole nother problem. And that is
free of whatever sexuality happens to be the case. Yes. Stocking is never cool. So if someone
tells you thanks, but no thanks, try, try for a friendship or go fishing again. I've
had times where the first time I've been like, no, I'm not really insured. They came back
a week later and said, you know what? I'm, I'm, I still would really like try. Will you
give me a chance? I'm going to be okay. You know? All right. I'll give you a chance. The
third time. No, that's creepy. I I'm, I'm kind of okay with the second try, but after
that, no. Oh my God. There was this one time I'm getting texted. Oh, nevermind. We're going
to print tomorrow for the American overview. So what time the print is. So, but it's like
when I was working at Aladdin's castle in Mobile, Alabama, this guy comes in and he's
like, Hey, you're cute. I'll go out with you. I'll be here to pick you up when you off work.
And I was like, I am taking, this is right when Dan and I were first, you know, considering
each other, but I was like, dude, I'm not interested. I was like, thank you, but no,
I'm not interested. I'm going to be here. Well, I'll have you know that our security
guard is an ex army ranger and I'll be calling him to be here. So the guy didn't show up,
but I'm saying, but I'm saying, you know, you've got to be confident in yourself and
take it as a compliment. If someone is checking you out, go, yeah, huh? In your head. And
you know, if you're not interested with them, go, no, thank you. If they're not loony and
crazy and you know, bizarre and shocking, then they'll go, well, okay. Make sad face
puppy eyes at you and then go pout. But if again, just to try and bring closer to this,
if you're one of those guys or, or girls or whatever, that's I want someone of the same
gender checking me out, then you know what? Your attitude is probably not attractive and
no one is probably checking you out. Just food for thought. Well, the game part of the
email. Okay. Game related stuff. Earth Defense Force is one of my favorite games and can't
wait for Earth Defense Force to hope it is online co-op. Great ship. It is online co-op
three player ratio. Keep up the great work and honestly, and the honesty you have toward
life and gaming. Oh, that's a compliment. The honesty we have towards life and gaming.
This has been a week of warm fuzzies for as far as like compliments go and so forth. And
I realize it's not been a warm fuzzy week for everybody out there in the world. Uh,
what with just God, the economy in general. And it seems like we always have these stories
about closures and you know, other things. It makes me feel tingly, but it's, it's, it
does feel nice to get paid a compliment. We've been paid several this week and totally unsolicited.
I would like my next compliment in the form of money. Stop. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Any other emails tonight? Too many. I I'm done. Well,
sorry to those didn't get through. You just unfortunately just picked the wrong week.
I guess male bag of orange on trader.com. Try again. We'll get to you at some point.
All right. This is the part of the show where we do the FUs of the week. I know it sounds
weird. I just talked about like, Oh, what a warm fuzzy week. And I'm like, all right,
time to rant. But here we go. You all right over there? I'm fine. Um, F you to, uh, you
know, not that recording podcasts all day was that bad, but F you to how tired I feel
after all that and how my throat hurts. But it's big. Thank you to Tiara for editing the
first podcast for me. Thank you. So yeah, mine's kind of warm and fuzzy too. Not cold
and sandpapery. I'm done. Loki, uh, if he this stupid overclock program, cause he only
knows how to underclock and that's not what I want. Uh, my view of the week goes to traffic
and people that don't know how to drive in the rain. My God, some of you California people
are so spoiled. Like the rain here is nothing and just, it rains and people know what they're
doing. So F you to that. And then F you to the fact that I just, I have a very, very
busy week and weeks ahead and not necessarily bad, but yeah, F you to the fact that I can't
just sit on my ass and be lazy all day. Some days that's what I want to do. All right.
Anyhow, let's move on to a couple more stories and we're going to open up the Skyline one
eight seven seven game O L R but not just yet. Don't say that to the chatters. No, not
the chatters. No, it's having to be the print preview at eight 45 in the morning, which
I guess is better than six in the morning. Oh, you have to get up early tomorrow. Fucking
a lame. All right. How about some more stories? I'm looking forward to going Loki. All right.
Um, so this is neat. Uh, actually the Michael Jackson game. Now I'm not necessarily one
going to get it on the DS, maybe the Wii, maybe the connect and stuff when that comes
out because it's supposed to be just like just dance. But uh, for the DS of course there's,
they've done some very specific things. If you try to say pirate the ROM, um, this is
kind of neat and I know Jamie will get kicked out of this. Uh, one of the things that they
do first off is they have a vuvuzela, uh, playing on top of all the songs during the
game. And then of course they render the games touch screen, um, nonfunctional. So you don't
get to play the game and you don't get to listen to the music untainted by the vuvuzela.
So that's good. I love it. I want to do that just for the vuvuzela. I have to admit as
much as I hate it when she breaks it out on the show. I think that is a really funny anti-piracy
measure. And I think more companies, you know, if they want to fight, fight piracy, they
should be doing it this way. Actually, actually I will have, have you know this. Uh, I actually
played a real vuvuzela this week. Uh, one of my friends was having a birthday party
and one of the other friends that came to the party brought a vuvuzela with her. And
so, uh, I played it and it took me a minute to figure out how to play it. Like the first
couple of times I was doing it, it just kind of sounded like a really loud, wet fart. But
once I was able to get it, it was kind of fun. So there you go. What are you taking
pictures of me for? What's this for? Are you gonna take my soul? All right. She's stealing
your soul. Your soul is hers. Dead air. I don't know what she's doing. I downloaded
an iPhone app that's like fat booth program. Cause I'm going to be, no, it isn't. It does
gal style here. I'm going to put that on the website. Yes. I think, I think then I should
get to do the unicorn pick of you. All right. I'll do the unicorn picture here in a minute.
Tiger claw in our chat says, I'm Rob. That isn't one of them. Mozilla sounds like a wet
fart. I know I was playing it wrong. I told you. All right. A better hairstyle. One more
story for you guys. And then I got to take the picture of the unicorn. So look, he's
going to have to take the calls tonight. All right. Anyhow, this is a game. And I don't,
I don't even know what to think of this. Um, it's a game called cock out and it's a, you
need a minute. All right. It's a German AIDS awareness organization who released this game.
It's called cock out, uh, and where players will actually slip on a motion sensing digital
condom and use their thrust to pummel a virtual HIV. Really? This is for real. This has gotta
be a joke, right? Commercial is hilarious. Well, there's an actual commercial out there
on the internet, uh, that has, um, booty in it. So dark soccer, did you see all this booty
in the commercial here? Yes, I did. I'm surprised you're not still giggling. And it's just basically
all these guys, uh, that look like they're whacking it. And, uh, I guess they're supposed
to be playing this game. Now, the part that gets me is that, okay, I just reported on
this and it's all over the game blogs and so forth. What's the actual game? Why are
all these guys looking like they're jerking it? Is that, that's it? Is there any type
of strategy or anything to it or any, why am I asking these questions? Of course not.
Why am I even bothering, right? Why are you taking another picture of me? All right, hurry,
hurry up. Loki, can you give the phone information while she takes this damn picture? So, uh,
to Skype us, you need 1-877-GAME-OLR and, um, do that via Skype or via the 1-800 number.
You are so great. And then, uh, on Skype, what was it? Orange Lounge Radio? Orange Lounge
Radio. Oh, we're on Skype. Or 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our, uh, Skype line is now open. Give us a
call. There you go. Loki, do you have any, uh, maybe you need one of those pictures of
Loki. Do you have any last minute stories for us, Loki? No, I'm not next. I'm sorry,
uh, you must have your mistake with somebody else. All right, I'm gonna get the Darkstalkers
unicorn picture real quick here. Uh, so, in the meantime, uh, do you have any last minute
stories while we wait for some calls? Well, I was just gonna mention how awesome, uh,
Swords in Poker 2 is on the iOS platform. Definitely need to check that out. If you
haven't already, it's a pretty awesome role-playing game and, uh, I'm not getting paid by them,
which is disappointing because I could really use extra money. I mean, who can't use extra
money? And hopefully that's bought me enough time to get into the forum to where the extra
stories are. Because I have not been looking for extra stories, I have been playing with
my phone. And, uh, of course, um, awesome. What the hell is this? Apparently there is
a NASCAR Superstar driving game that will let you race dumpsters. That's pretty funny.
Um, yeah, uh, Jimmy Johnson's Anything with an Engine is a brand new game and apparently
lives up to its name and you can race a dumpster with a rocket apparently on it. That is pretty
awesome. Um, also, I'm not sure if anyone saw this this week, uh, I'm sure a lot of
people have, the custom Tron bikes that they had out there, the light cycles, pretty awesome
except for the fact that they don't glow. They're completely unrideable. Uh, not unrideable.
They look way uncomfortable. Well. And then just like you have to push them to get them
going and you don't fall over. They should've made the new, how they have that four-wheel
vehicle that they have now. Yeah. They should've made that instead. Well, how, how the crap
do you, do you change the tire? You can't. It's a custom tire. See? Waste of money. Um,
I was gonna mention DJ Hero 2. They've got some, uh, new download content coming out
for that, which is pretty exciting. Uh, especially since it's got more Prodigy in it and one
of the songs I was hoping to make it into the game to begin with, uh, that didn't, but
now it has. Uh, Invaders Must Die mixed with, um, Debaser from the Pixies. That's kinda
cool. Uh, Beastie Boys Body Movin' mixed with, uh, Lenny Kravitz, Rock n' Roll is Dead. Of
course this stuff is already out. It came out this week. Uh, next week, actually two
weeks from now, the old school pack, they're gonna have Fat Boys with Human Beat Box mixed
with Mantronics. Um. Mantronics. King of Beats, dude. Kurt Mantronics is fuckin' awesome.
Uh, Tag Team, whoop, there it is. Once again in another game. Uh, mixed with, uh, 45King,
the 900 number. And then Beastie Boys, uh, Triple Trouble mixed with Tone Lock, uh, Funky
Cold Medina. And then, uh, December 21st, the Linkin Park mix pack with, uh, The Catalyst
Does It Offend You, Yeah, uh, Remix. And then, uh, When They Come For Me Remix and Points
of Authority Remix. The Points of Authority is gonna be awesome, so.
Okay, I have a call sitting on hold, sorry. Uh, caller, you're on the air. Hi, you're
on Orange House Radio. Who's this? It's Rama, and this time I wasn't even trying to get
on before everybody else. I knew, you know what, I was so distracted because I was taking
the picture of Jamie and making a unicorn out of her because I'm looking at these, what
the hell are these pictures on the website? You have problems. You know you love them.
I look like a Para Para girl in these versions. That's exactly it. I'm gonna make this my
Facebook picture. I love that. You should totally do it, Rama. I will. Uh, sorry, Rama.
So, so anyway, check OrangeHouseRadio.com in just a few seconds because I should have
Jamie's unicorn picture up there in a minute where it looks like the cat is jerking off
her horn. It's amazing. Alright. Hi, Rama, how are you?
Um, um, yeah. Damn it, Scott. You sure don't have a way of derailing, don't you?
Yeah, well, you know what, look, I just want to point out, I want to remind you, our guest
tonight made a game called Techno Kitten Adventure. Which I downloaded. What'd you think?
I haven't played it yet because I found a moe Japanese game on the live marketplace,
downloaded that, and had my roommate playing it for the last 20 minutes.
Nice. Yes.
Sorry, I'm looking at Jamie's picture. Tonight's been a great night for pictures.
Anyway, excuse me. Uh, so what did you call in to talk about tonight?
I really want to talk about a couple of things, but it turns into a lot of things,
but I'll make it short and sweet as possible. Number one, this whole German age thing,
for obvious reasons, I'm kind of sort of offended by it, but I'll let that be.
Wait, why are you offended by this? It's just whackin'.
Um, let's just say I have people in my family who have died of said disease.
I see. So you find this to be disrespectful?
Yeah.
Hmm. Okay, interesting. This is interesting because, well,
is it just disrespectful because it seems to be so trashy and in your face type of thing, or what is it?
That pretty much is the case.
What do you think about this whole, I've got to pick your brain on this,
and I'm sorry because I know this is a sensitive issue to you, but I want to ask this question
because this is something that's been on my mind this week and it really has nothing to do with
gaming, but whatever. It's been an interesting part B tonight. Have you seen that whole campaign
of the celebrities who have quit Twitter to try and raise a million dollars for AIDS awareness
where they're all lying in the coffins dead and so forth? What do you think of that whole thing?
I think it was quite ridiculous and I don't know if you saw, but on my personal Facebook page,
I made a statement about that and a few people agreed with me about it.
No, I missed it.
I'll link it to you later. I have made a personal statement about how I truly felt.
And can you summarize it or am I getting a little too-
Long story short, I understand this epidemic, but instead of dealing with the whole world event,
let's take care of the America first. Let's take care of that AIDS issue and the US first before
we go running around taking care of everybody else. Why give all that money to those world
charities when you can send that same amount of money to American charities for the same cause?
Well, I would hope that we can find a cure and that'll be good for everybody. That's my hope.
All right. Well, I didn't mean to derail, but-
That's cool.
What else is on your mind tonight besides potentially offensive games?
The whole thing about people not being able to get over themselves because
guys make these compliments and so forth, if I had an issue with that,
I wouldn't be able to go to conventions because half the people I roll with are gay,
lesbian, transgender. We have a good time. We go to the cause, we party,
we drink our asses off. It's all good. When I was working in Staples, I had a couple of
gay guys I used to hang with who always compliment me and like, you know,
mack on me, so on and so forth. I thought it was amusing and so did they. I had no problem with it.
Right. Like I'm sure, you know, a lot of straight people have that friend of the opposite gender,
like a guy, a straight guy has that girl that he flirts with, but it's nothing more than that,
you know? I'm sure there's, you probably have girls, not just gay guys, but girlfriends,
not, I don't know, friend girls that you do that with too, you know?
Yeah. Let's just say I did that one time and let's just say the two girls ended up having,
um, lap dance with each other. This was at a convention a couple of years ago. I was like,
holy shit, I'm good.
Well, now you're just talking about an anime convention and everybody,
everybody there is just horny. It's not really a gay or straight issue. It's just a horny issue.
Wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll give you that.
All right. Anything else on your mind before I let you go and get more calls?
I played that, that rom hack of Super Mario Brothers 3. That thing is
three levels below asshole Mario.
Three levels below, huh? That's a pretty precise rating. All right.
All right. I got to let you go to get more calls, but thanks so much for your insight tonight.
I appreciate it. Take care, buddy. You know, I was just telling the significant other,
we really need to go to New York city. And when we go, we're crashing with Rama
or as extra for would say, Randy. So you better be careful. Cause uh,
I really want to get back to New York city. It's been a very long time. And my one friend
that lived there moved to Texas. So I'm coming to, I'm coming to the couches of OLR listeners.
One eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype is orange lounge radio. All one word.
If you want to give us a call, we probably got time for about one more call. We are running a
little long tonight. So, uh, probably because the interview earlier, um, meanwhile, while we wait
for the phone to ring, Loki, do you have any other last minute stories? I don't know if you spent
them all or what? I've only done one of them. So no, I haven't spent them. All right. Then what
else? Uh, let's see. What else can we talk about here? How about, uh, let me just look up here.
Why is it open? It's odd. Um, hold on. Somehow it navigated while I wait for your riveting
last minute stories. Let me go to at least one more call here. Oh my God. Oh, hello. Hi.
Yes, it's Legend of Zaku here. Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio, Legend of Zaku. Oh my God. What's
on your mind? Uh, nothing much. Just trying to kill a Sunday at night before heading to work
tomorrow. But yeah, you know, a lot of games came out in the past couple of weeks, you know,
that I've been trying, you know, dying to talk about. Like obviously Gran Turismo 5,
even though I don't have a PS3 yet, that's on my top list right now. And so we're basically just
trying to catch up on some other 360 games that I haven't been able to play. Let's just say I managed
to get a 360 again. Well, talk to us. What have you been playing? Playing catch up again. What
have you been playing? Um, when I didn't have my 360, it was nothing but like Left 4 Dead and
battlefields on my computer. But now I'm just playing, you know, small stuff like Sonic 4,
Ace Combat 6, Resident Evil 5. Although hopefully my girlfriend will hook me up with more recent
games for Christmas. I've already gave her a wishlist of what to get me. Is that what you
asked Santa for? Well, yes, Santa the four of my girlfriends is willing to spend money on me,
just as I'm willing to spend money on her. Okay, very cool. Well, tell us about like,
what's your favorite game been that you've discovered in the past couple of weeks since
you got your 360 back? I don't know. I mean, Sonic 4 has been really challenging so far.
Really? There's been a lot of hate on Sonic 4. There's been a lot a lot of hate on Sonic 4.
Do you disagree? You think the game's awesome? No, it kind of feels like a classic Sonic game.
I know it still has elements from the recent ones, like the whole homing attack thing. I mean,
I could do without it, but it's just, you're right. Some may say it's not fluid enough,
because it doesn't, it's not, it's not like the old fashioned Sonic where the screen would just
like literally breeze by every time he just like, every time he literally moves. So yeah,
he's gonna have some sense, he's gonna have some hate from those classic fans, and I'm one of them
because I grew up on that. But on the other hand, it's just, it's much spiffier now. I mean,
the important thing is that Sega managed to maintain the mechanics more or less,
so you gotta give them credit for not, you know, screwing their pooch yet again.
Okay, all right. What do you think of the new one, and I apologize, you might have mentioned
it a little bit. What about Sonic Colors? I haven't played that game yet since I don't own
a Wii or DS, but I, from what I've seen, it's probably the same gameplay. It's mostly platform
now, from what I hear. I mean, 2D platform. There's been a lot of people saying Sonic
Colors is where it's at right now in the Sonic universe, so. Right, I mean, I guess because it's
like, you know, I don't know, I guess it maintains the same type of gameplay. As I said, I've never
played Sonic Colors yet, and that's one thing I need, a Wii. I should have bought one when it was
a hundred bucks at GameStop over Black Friday. You never know when they might do the next price
cut. I don't know if they'll get that low, but then again, the PS2 can take that low. No, but
I mean, that was for used systems. I could have, just like I picked up a used 360 for a hundred
bucks. Alright. Well, anything else on your mind tonight, Legend of Zaku? DDRX2 is going to,
well, they're taking orders for it. It's supposed to ship out in two weeks. So, every, it's just,
so far, it's shaping up to be pretty solid at this point. You know, fears about, like,
drifting arrows and what the, you know, the community was saying about, like,
being off sync. They're starting to get quelled every, you know, as we speak right now. They've
already, let's just say the Konami's already taken folks from Bomani Style and already proven to
them that the final build of the game will be rock solid and something that the hardcores will
definitely start playing. Assuming the arcades shell out 10 grand for a new machine, which is
the only way you're going to get the new game. Or, unless you already have X, then you get the
upgrade. Alright. Well, by the way, you need to check out Home, because they have DDR machines
in Home, but you don't really get to play DDR on them. But I giggled when I saw the X2 machines
in the Konami home space. Yeah, and hopefully, you know, assuming I get my Christmas bonus this
year, I will definitely shell out money on a PS3. Alright. Alright, buddy, we're going to let you
go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for your call. Alright, take care. Bye! Alright,
that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight. I'm sorry to those that didn't get through,
but we kind of are running along a little bit tonight, and we still want to get to the
afterbirth and all that good stuff. So, email us your thoughts. Mailbag at orangeontrader.com,
or send us tweets. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Meanwhile, we got to wrap it up, put the nail
in the coffin of the show. Do we have any last minute stories, Loki? Yeah, real quick. This is
kind of cool. From the same guy that did the Left 4 Dead demake, you know, kind of making the
pseudo NES version of Left 4 Dead, but, you know, it's a PC game. Pixel Force also did that too.
DJ Hero. Now they have an 8-bit DJ Hero game you can check out. It's got a bunch of cool chiptune
mashups, including the, this is kind of cool, the Ghostbusters theme and Huey Lewis and the
newest I Want a New Drug mix together. I can hear that. Apparently they said that one, it got some
of the background or whatever was sampled from the same song or something, but lots of cool stuff,
and you can check it out for free, and let's see where you can download that. Oh, ericruthgames.com.
So that's pretty cool. And then, what else here? The Xbox Live Rewards program, something that just
launched, so if you're a gold member or whatever, I don't even think you need to be a gold member,
but you get some kickback Microsoft points for different things that you do. For example,
renewing a one month gold membership will give you 10 Microsoft points back. Three months, 30,
and 12 months, 200. Purchase or renew an Xbox Live Gold Family Pack, that gives you 400.
Purchase or renew the first Xbox Live online gold membership, 100. Make your first purchase
on Xbox Live, another 100. Select content's gonna vary. If you activate and use Netflix on Xbox Live,
you get 100, and they have surveys for 20 Microsoft points. So, neat. You can do surveys
and get 20 Microsoft points? Yes. Interesting. It'd take a lot of surveys before you can actually
buy something. That's true. Well, you could get Technokit and Adventure for four surveys.
That is true. Alright. That's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. We're
about on out of here. Hey, if you liked what you heard tonight, or even if you didn't, you really
should still help us spread the word. Tell a couple of friends about our show. Go to our iTunes
and leave a nice five star review, or just spread the word. Tell a friend or two about our program,
because we don't have, you know, all the advertising dollars and so forth behind our show.
So just tell a friend or two. That's all we ask. Dark Soccer, do you have any final thoughts for
our listeners tonight? You look lovely. Oh my, thank you. Rather so lovely. My final thought is,
thanks, but no thanks. Loki, your final thought? My final thought is, I'm tired. Alright. That's
gonna do it. Have a great week everybody. We really appreciate you, especially those folks
that tuned in live and stayed up through the whole thing. But even you podcasties,
thanks for staying with us through the whole thing. We really appreciate it. Have a wonderful
week guys. We'll see you next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio. You've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. To join us for a live
show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time. The views and opinions expressed
on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week.
