Tonight, December 19th, 2010, Cataclysm sells Oodles Noodles, the crime victim calls for
the ban of Mafia 2, and Kinect's first sex game gets the smackdown from Microsoft.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, December 19th, 2010, episode 394. It's the show where every gamer has a
voice. Join us live in our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com. My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be with you
over the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing?
I'm doing well and energized and electrified.
You're energized. Electrified, gosh, you sound, I don't know, like you've just been to Xanadu
or something, I don't know.
No, I saw Tron twice this week.
Oh, wasn't Tron amazing?
I know.
Okay, I'll get into that in a minute, though, but I have to introduce, of course, the one
and only tech master, Loki!
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
Fine.
You know, I remember a time when you really hated all things Apple, and now it's funny
because at the start of the show, I'm always having to tear you away from that new little
eye touch you have, or you've had for a couple months now.
No, you see, I hate all things Mac, not Apple.
Oh, my bad.
Apple 2 was a pretty awesome computer back in the day.
It's true, it's what we all played Oregon Trail.
But I'm sorry, all those Mac computers are way too damn overpriced.
Making friends, and we're not even five minutes into the show. It's just the three of us here
in studio tonight, sadly no guests joining us, but it is our last show of the year, if
you can believe it.
We're not going to be here because of the holiday next week, sadly, sorry, but some
of us are going out of town, so we're not going to be able to get everybody together
to do the show next week.
So it's our last show of 2010, ah!
So don't worry, guys, we'll be back, of course, in two weeks, and we have plenty of show to
go to tonight.
So we always like to start things off with how is your gaming week, but can I just say
OMG Tron, like, wasn't it great?
I know!
So you had to go see it, what, Tuesday? How'd you swing that?
Well, um, Jessica Harper had an extra ticket.
Yeah, and she was on the show a few weeks ago, right?
Yes, and, uh, she, uh, let me have it.
And so we all went.
Nice.
And what'd you think?
Ugh!
Oomph!
What was the best part, well, without spoiling, because keep in mind there's a lot of people
that are like, OMG, you don't want spoilers, so is there a way you can kind of say the
best part of the new Tron movie without ruining everything, anything?
Not really, because I like how everything flowed together, but I'd have to say I have
a favorite line, as we've discussed earlier, but I'll go ahead and repeat it.
The cycles haven't been good, have they?
You don't look that bad.
Very nice, very nice.
Yeah.
Loki, you got to see the Trons as well?
Yes, I did.
How was Tron for you?
It was awesome.
Yeah?
It was just everything I was hoping it would be, so I would definitely see it again.
And everybody here saw it in 3D, right?
Yeah.
Honestly, this is a movie that it is totally beneficial to see it in 3D, because, I'll
just say, Wizard of Oz treatment.
Yes, it's not all in 3D, but it's very interesting.
And yeah, I would just say my favorite part was how they upgraded some things from the
old movie, like I, how can I say this without spoiling too much, but okay, y'all know there's
going to be a light cycle sequence in it, right?
And when they did the whole light cycles, but some of the new stuff they did with it,
like in, like I'm doing hand motions here in studio, like I was just like, oh that is
something that isn't spoiled by the trailers or the commercials.
I know, but I'm trying to be good.
If you actually go look on the Tron Wiki, they do explain that they're all different
models.
Here's the interesting though, just kind of tie it back to what we're all about here at
OLR.
It made me want to play the game like really bad, and the game has not been kindly treated
by the critics out there.
It's been getting like average reviews, and when I say average, I mean like a six, which
I don't know.
Usually when a game gets a six, that means it's really bad.
But of course, the movie is only getting like a 40% or something on Rotten Tomatoes.
This is not a movie for critics.
It's not going to win Oscars.
The dialogue and story are all nerd service, but I honestly think like I walked out of
that theater, I was just like mind blown.
This is a movie worthy of like Star Wars, Star Trek nerd opus, you know.
And on top of that, if you have seen the first movie several times and know it very well,
and if you've kept up with some of the roundabout stuff, even some of the old deleted scenes,
there is a lot in this that makes sense.
And you know, I actually went back and was listening to the soundtrack a bit, because
keep in mind, I have like the original soundtrack for the original Tron.
Oh, but the new soundtrack.
When I went back and gave it a solid listen, some of the elements, especially for character
theme songs, were incorporated from the original into the new.
I just have to say Daft Punk did an astounding job.
And I realized like when people listen to the soundtrack the first time, they're like,
this isn't like a Daft Punk album.
But like the music was like a good, like 80% of the reason why the movie kicked ass so
much.
Honestly, even though I say it's not like an Oscar caliber movie, this movie ought to
be getting nominated for at least some of the technical effects.
And seriously, I am not lying.
And I'm not being a fanboy.
It would be a crime if Daft Punk didn't get nominated for the score, because it adds that
much to the movie.
Like we don't need some artsy fartsy film, stealing one of the nominations for score,
you know, that's kind of like the same old, same old that you always hear in a period
piece.
This is something like really new and different.
I really hope it gets acknowledged.
I'm going to spoil one thing.
There's nothing after the credits.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
That's not much of a spoiler.
Yeah.
But you know what else I really like too is how they gave the Disney castle the Tron treatment.
Oh, it's awesome.
That's so cool.
I really want to go see the Disney electronica thing, which I still haven't seen.
I have friends there right now.
We were supposed to go this weekend, but it just didn't work out.
I'm glad we didn't.
You know why?
It was a cold damn weekend.
It got rained.
They shut most of it down.
But, uh, yeah, I had friends that went down there and they still had a good time, so I'm
glad to hear it.
I'm, I'm bummed I didn't go, but at the same time, I had a great time at the movie.
Just awesome time.
I went and saw it at the Metreon.
Remember the Metreon?
Oh, the poor, poor Metreon.
Or now that the lights are burned out, it's the Me-re-on.
So I went to the Me-re-on to see the movie.
And if you don't know what the Me-re-on is, it's a building in San Francisco and it used
to house the official PlayStation Store.
And so you'd see a lot of events would be happening at the Me-re-on, uh, where they
would have like a line going out and everything.
Well, the Sony store is gone.
It closed down, I think, last year and now it's an art gallery of some sort, I think.
I have no idea.
Yeah.
They think that's what it was when I walked by.
Um, there's still an arcade in the movie theater and there was a arcade upstairs, the Tilt
Arcade, which is right by the Walk of Game, which is still there.
The, there's, I don't think they've updated it in a while, but it's still there.
And uh, yeah, it's kind of sad cause they're selling all these arcade machines, but seriously,
some awesome deals.
There's a Marvel versus Capcom machine for $300 on sale right now.
Um, a BeatMania 5th Mix, which is like the old school movie.
Don't tell anybody cause I'm going to buy it.
For $5,000.
It's a total rip off.
That is ridiculous.
That is ridiculous.
I'm lying.
I'm totally lying.
It's really this much.
That's it.
Yeah.
But Jamie wants it.
So I'm not allowed to tell the listeners.
No you're not.
Um, so yeah, uh, there's that and uh, oh, this was the funniest thing of all though.
Going to the little claw or what?
Not the claw machine.
You ever seen the ticket redemption machine where the light kind of goes around the marquee
and you have to hit the stop button at a certain time and if you hit a stop button, then you
win a prize?
Okay.
I posted this to my Twitter.
Do you know what one of the prizes was in there?
Still in a sealed box.
A Game Boy Advance e-reader machine with cards.
That might be a collector's item.
I lolled so hard seeing that.
It's on my Twitter at twitter.com slash sky S K I E. So anyway, um, let's talk about our
gaming weeks.
Okay.
We're done with Tron talk.
Even though I actually really want to play the game now after seeing the movie, like
even though I hear it's really repetitive, like that's his biggest problem.
Like just, I just want to know more about the story like, and I can't, I think everybody
after going to see the movie that I went and saw it with yesterday, like went online and
started reading about Tron and like who the actors were in the movie and how it tied into
the eighties version.
It's just, is that nerd-tastic?
All right.
How was your gaming week?
Dark soccer, actual video games outside of Tron.
Well, I, um, I'm playing world of Warcraft addict.
No I'm not.
No, I'm not because I'm still, I'm still playing Star Trek online and you can call me an addict
for that.
Double addict.
I'm not addicted, but I said I'd give it a chance and I was like, I was seriously this
close again to just going, forget it.
Like by this close, I mean like holding my fingers, you know, a half an inch apart is
like stupid goat people world sucks.
Even though I like playing goat people, but I'm leveling faster, so I don't know what's
up with that.
Um, but it was, it's cool, you know, chatting with everyone in the guild and everything
and that's pretty fun.
Um, it still seems like more of the same to me, you know, but I'm giving it a chance.
I'm somewhere new.
I'm playing.
Rob gave me some stuff.
I'll give you lots of stuff.
You have to play for a good month now.
But isn't it good to be back?
Well, I would ask you what you think of it, but because you've been playing a Draenei,
you've really only seen the content that's in Burning Crusade, which I understand you
should do what you want to do.
Like don't roll another race just because it's somewhere else, but I helped you get
somewhere else.
So hopefully you'll be able to see some new content.
And it still looks the same too.
Well.
Well, I mean, I didn't make it there last time.
I'm in, what's the name of the stupid-
Darnassus.
Darnassus.
Okay.
It still looks like night elf stuff.
Right.
And Darnassus wasn't touched by Deathwing too.
You have to, cause it's-
He didn't take a big poop on it?
He didn't.
But once you take the boat to the ruins of Albertine, which used to be Albertine, uh,
you'll start to see some of the damage and some of the better stuff, I think.
I figured that I'm going to do that when I get like 20 and I'm like, what, 14 now and
I've been playing three days.
Yeah.
You've been doing very well.
Which it took me two weeks to get to 20 last time.
So I'm, I'm, I'm going to keep going with it.
I mean, I'll try, but like, like I said, you know, it's not something that I can keep doing
consistently.
I'm keeping my attachment to Star Trek Online, which by the way, episode three Star Trek
Online came out.
Gorgeous.
Gorgeous.
Gorgeous.
Once a cataclysm or cataclysm, whatever you want to call it, uh, settles down a little
bit.
That's a internet meme, by the way, if you don't know, uh, once that settles down a little
bit, I still want to go back and check out Star Trek Online.
Hopefully DC Universe isn't out by that point and kind of derails everything, but I still
want to go check it out a little bit, especially since they've changed so much, it sounds like
since the beta that I originally had played.
Well, and you know, I kind of, I'd like to try out the, the new stuff, but I'm not going
to buy two boxes of upgrades unless I'm sure I'm going to play a little bit more.
I don't blame it.
And even then, you know, if I play, it's going to have to be in the form of, you know, month
cards or something.
It's still ridiculous that they're charging so much for Wrath of the Lich King.
And I think that will come down, just kind of have to wait it out after, probably after
the Christmas rush or something, it'll, it'll come down to try and woo new players into
the game.
Well, that's, that's kind of what I'm hoping for.
I mean, I'm not, I'm not going to give up on it.
I mean, like I said, if, if I keep playing it, it's going to be, well, I'll buy, um,
you know, a month card to play because I'm not getting rid of my Star Trek Online subscription
unless STO just starts getting ridiculously crappy.
And right now though, my frustration with Star Trek Online is that there's really not
a whole lot of new stuff for new characters and I want new factions.
We're supposed, they sort of teased that we're supposed to be getting, um, Cardassian faction
so I can keep up with the Cardassians.
Wow, that's a bad joke.
I'm not the first one to think of it either.
Um, you know, I want to play, you know, the Romulan stuff that, you know, they're doing
a lot of big stories for the Romulan factions and I really, really like what they're doing
with the story because they're putting something in it for everybody and it's like, it really
does have a feeling for me.
Like I'll be chatting with Becky and we'll be talking about Deep Space Nine or something
because that's, you know, right now both of us are going back and just rewatching all
of Deep Space Nine in parts and, which would be like the 50 millionth time I've watched
everything through on Deep Space Nine because it's my favorite.
But like, um, I'll say, oh, and by the way, they did this in Star Trek Online and this,
this led to this story and this.
And she's like, sounds like you're talking like, you know, well, she hasn't said right
out, but I feel like I'm talking about an episode and when they actually, when they
bring everything up, it's like the way everything flows is like an episode of the show just
without acting.
That's good because just as someone who is a fan of the Star Trek series, Not Counting
Enterprise, um, I, I really wish they would have another show, you know, I really want
there to be another TV show and I understand that right now it's like all about the movies
and don't even know that new movie was awesome, but I would just love there to be a new show
in the next gen Voyager canon, Deep Space Nine canon.
You know, I would like, um, well, you know, and I've been going back and reading the books,
the, you know, the continuation books, which is really where, and this is going to be kind
of a, I'm going to try not to veer too off the point, the, the book universe is very
different than the game universe.
The book universe is sort of like it's its own tangent.
Um, what I like about the game universe is that it incorporated the first movie by saying
that this is what happened in the prime timeline and the movie, as I said, is a new timeline
so they can keep going with all these characters that you love and, you know, history that
you know.
And I'd really like to see, you know, even them do like a comic series or new series,
you know, involving the Star Trek online universe or maybe the stuff that happened in between.
Who knows?
Anything's possible.
Cause I love it and even, and they've, they've incorporated some of the enterprise stuff
in there too.
You know, even though I think it's kind of crappy, but um, it's, I've been very, very
happy with Star Trek online, but like I said, I'm giving world of war crack a try.
Um, I like my goat girl.
She's dressed like a hoochie right now, but she can burn things.
There you go.
I do like, and I think this is new, the arcane missile thing.
It's not new, but you, it's new for me.
They, everything is at different levels now, so you might be getting it sooner than you
would have before.
Cause they rearranged everything when they did cataclysm and like some people get talents
at a really early level that they wouldn't have seen till like level 40 before this.
This arcane missile thing, they're just like, here, have this for free.
What?
And you don't have to, it's just random.
You can randomly cast it and it doesn't cost anything and it's instant and you can kill
lots of stuff with it.
If you're thinking you specced for it somehow, so that's kinda, yeah, usually those free
things are usually some type of speccing, but yeah, that's spending talent points.
You spent your talent points.
I had it before I got my talent points and then, so I don't play a mage, so I have no
idea how it works.
And then I'll double check my stuff real quick cause it's not going to screw up the show
or anything, but it's like, well, I did pick arcane path, but I had everything before that.
I think it's important for, I mean, I don't want to veer off the path too much and talk
to my pet.
I don't know how to get it.
But I do think it's important for wow veterans to hear how newbies approach wow, because
I think sometimes the wow veterans just assume people come into wow and they know everything
and it's, it's hard.
There's a lot to the game.
So I think it's important that, you know, if you're a veteran of wow, you sometimes
kind of hear what the new people are really thinking and some of the challenges and so
forth.
I'm not exactly new, but I didn't, but going on a hiatus, as long as you have with all
the changes, it's, it's new to you.
That's about an average though, every time I've gone on hiatus, I've taken about a year
off.
You know, I think last time I played was in February and then I quit when Star Trek online
came out.
So I think I actually just paid for another month so that a TR could get a free month.
Nice.
Which I'm very sorry that didn't work out for you.
I thought that I could use another scroll, but they said, yeah, it's only one for account
ever.
I'm sorry.
Uh, let me look at chat room really quick.
Cause we want to get some questions out chat.orangelaunchradio.com a quick question from break man.
Are the star Trek cartoons canon?
Yes, actually.
Um, the animated series is considered canon.
All right.
Uh, break man is also asking, do newbies still have to go find that wife in the barons?
I don't think so.
I don't play horde, so I'm not sure.
Uh, but I believe due to the stupid mushrooms due to the shift, the mushrooms due to the
shift of a burning crusade, or I'm sorry, due to the shift of, of Southern barons being
its own zone.
I don't believe that quest is there anymore.
Stupid, stupid mushrooms.
See that hasn't changed, but you'll get there.
You'll get there.
Yeah.
And then someone had to start in badger badger, Rob.
All right.
I was already in my head.
Let's move on.
Loki, is there any games you've been playing?
I know you don't play any MMOs right now.
So what, what have you been up to?
Um, I've been just playing grand theft auto and um, swords and poker or sword and poker
too.
I'm playing lots of sword and poker too.
And I did actually play a little bit of, now it's a little confusing because I have both
Tron games.
I have the Tron legacy game and then also the Tron game, but I played Tron legacy a
little bit and it's, it's all right if you, um, you race around in light cycles and um,
the recognizers.
Yeah, I just don't like tilt steering.
I hate tilt steering and everything.
It's just, it's not, it doesn't feel natural.
So you must be playing it on PS3 with the six axis or what?
No on the iPod.
Oh, okay.
I thought these were the retail games.
No, no, no, no.
Um, no, it's just a tilt steering on the iPod to steer the bike.
I hate that.
Oh, okay.
Got it.
I prefer like, you know, my finger, um, yeah, that's pretty much it.
I think I didn't play a whole lot.
It's too busy yelling at Comcast.
Oh, the internet's been down for still right.
You were down last week and you're still down, right?
They're dumb.
Okay.
They're dumb.
We'll just put it that way.
And no Comcast really doesn't care despite the fact, you know what certain Twitter people
will say, um, and how they may seem concerned and ask you to email them and then they don't
give a shit once you've emailed them.
So you mad?
Just slightly canceling TV with them actually because I'm pretty pissed off and it's not
working all the way too because I can't use any of the on-demand stuff because the signal's
not strong enough.
That sucks.
Sorry to hear it.
Thankfully, thank you to my new Virgin mobile phone though that I have rooted.
I can now tie into the Wi-Fi and that's a connected 3G network.
So that has been a lifesaver I tell you.
There you go.
My gaming week has been mostly dominated with World of Warcraft cataclysm.
I won't kind of go all the way back into it, but I hit level 85, which is the new max level
this week, so shut.
So that's good.
I've been just trying to gear for heroics and I am geared for heroics now, so I'll be
doing that soon.
As far as other games go, not anything new, just some of the same old standbys like Rock
Band 3, Super Meat Boy, and some of those games I've just been playing gradually over
the past month, but not a whole lot.
As you know, with the holidays coming up and everything, my gaming time has been kind of
thin.
But the good news is, with the huge break coming up, I don't know about some of you
out there, but I have been given at work basically the entire time between Christmas and New
Year's off.
Our company does this whole closure thing where we have to take time off basically,
which is, you know, I'm not gonna lie, I kind of welcome it, so it's gonna be a nice break.
But I don't know what to do with myself for like nine days off in a row.
I can't really afford to take any major trips right now, so I guess I'll sit at home and
play some games.
So that's good though, because I really need to just catch up on some things.
So hopefully I'll get some gift cards for Christmas or something, I can go buy myself
a couple new games, and beat them!
That'd be great.
So anyway, that does it for our gaming week.
I hope you guys are having a lot of fun this week, and for the holidays, some of you guys
get some new games that you can play through.
You have to tell us all about it at chat.orangelauncheradio.com.
Ziba in the chatroom says, my job does the same thing.
It's not totally unheard of.
DarkCircuitry in the chatroom says, internet equals Warcraft equals Rob's life at least.
Not totally.
I mean, yeah, I spend a lot of my free time playing Warcraft, but let's not forget, it
just had a major expansion.
It's third expansion just came out like last week, so of course, you know, that's kind
of the focus right now, but you know, that'll die down once I've really experienced a lot
of the new stuff.
I don't really plan on rolling an alt or getting through all that and all that, so I'll have
time to play a new game.
And yes, I know how to go outdoors, I was in the city all weekend, so I do more than
just sit on the computer and play WoW, but that is a lot of what I do, it's fun.
Alright, anyhow, housekeeping, there is no show next week.
We will not be having a show on the 26th due to the holidays, DarkCircuitry's gonna be
out of town.
Where are you going?
You're going way up.
Going to Washington.
Washington, Washington!
But not Seattle, right?
You're going to...
No, I'm going to Prosser.
Which is more in the middle of nowhere or is it kind of a big city?
Yeah.
Okay, well...
It's teeny.
Very farmy.
Have fun in the farm town.
I'm growing in my netbook.
There you go.
Stay connected.
And yeah, we'll just, you know, Loki and I will just be taking some time off for the
holidays so we won't be here, but we will be back the week after in the new year with
a new show.
Otherwise, if you want to follow us on Twitter for all the updates about our show, twitter.com
slash o-l-r, we'll also be taking your Twitter topics there, facebook.com slash orange lounge
radio as well.
More comments from our chat room, chat dot orange lounge radio dot com.
Tiger Claw says, Sky will just play Cataclysm for nine days.
No, I'm not going to play for nine days straight.
I'm not going to lie, I'm going to play a lot with the time off, I'm not going to play
the whole time, come on.
Besides, I have Knights of the Clicky on Facebook I've got to be playing too.
Someone sent me an invite to that, no thanks.
It's a real time waster.
Jim Sally in our chat room says, if you're bored next week, Rob, do a show every day.
There's three hours taken care of.
That'd be kind of fun, but I don't know, I think I'd run out of things to talk about
and then we get kind of scary.
Would the listeners help me do a show?
I don't know.
I'm talking about all the stuff coming out, oh, wait, no, no.
There's already a bunch of live shows at All Games Radio where we do our show and obviously
we wouldn't want to bump any of those shows, we don't have the right to.
There's plenty of fine shows on the network, so let them do their thing and we'll see.
William Murderface in our chat room says, I love that name by the way, Rob, you need
a drunken Rocky marathon.
I don't know, I've been doing Rocky for so long now, I don't think I need to marathon
it.
There you go.
And JV Monner in our chat room says, oh yeah, more people need to play Pinball FX2.
Agreed.
Pinball FX2 is great.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's go to some gaming news.
Believe it or not, there is still some going on this week, even though it is the holiday
period.
Loki.
Yes, so apparently Microsoft is wanting, obviously, to improve upon what they've already created.
They want to quadruple the Kinect's accuracy, and the way they're going to do that is by
unrestricted the camera from the 320 by 240 pixel resolution to unlock it to 640 by 480,
and unfortunately they can't do that right now because of the limitations put on by the
console's USB controller interface, which has to keep open enough to support other USB
based peripherals like batteries and rechargers, but if they somehow enable it to where, you
know, they would limit you to so many devices or whatever plugged in via USB, then they
would be able to unlock the bandwidth to be able to stream more data from the Kinect and
allowing you to basically quadruple the resolution of the camera, so it'd be able to detect,
they said, even like finger movements and stuff like that, that can't be done right
now.
So that's kind of cool, and they said that can all be accomplished with a firmware update,
so that is kind of cool and kind of makes you wonder why it wasn't there in the first
place.
Well, they said right there it's because of the limitations of the console, because right
now they have to, you know, they have to play nice with all the other peripherals on there.
I don't under, well, I mean, I guess the USB controller, so I was gonna say I don't understand
why they couldn't just unrestricted the one port for the Kinect, but I don't know, it
would be difficult to do that.
As long as whatever they do doesn't impact the older consoles, like, that's my fear,
is that, you know, as they keep talking about, we're gonna upgrade all this stuff for firmware,
we're gonna do all these upgrades, oh, but if you have the old white Xboxes, then you're
fucked.
Well, all you need is...
It's only gonna work with the 360Ss.
You just need the adapter that comes with it, but I think that's just, that's just for
power.
I mean, they had the data, they just had more power coming through there.
I guess what they could do is say, okay, you know, when running the Kinect, you can only
hook up, like, you know, one device or two devices or something like that.
Maybe that's the way they could get around it, or, I don't know.
It's a little tricky, but I could see them doing it, especially if it's gonna make things
that much better.
But at the same time, we really need the games to be four times better anyways.
At least, you know, some of them.
Well, I'm not convinced, I'm not convinced that even if you make the technology better,
that there's enough games with really new ideas there yet to substantiate it, if that
makes sense?
Yeah.
Like, you know, Dance Central is awesome, but, you know, as far as a lot of those other
adventures and those sorts of games go, the fitness games, I'm kind of over it.
Like, you know, show me how Kinect is going to make my life as a gamer even more awesomer,
and yes, that's a term, more awesomer.
You know, show me how Kinect's gonna do that.
Kinect is still kind of a flashy thing right now.
I haven't seen it really truly integrated into the hardcore games that I'm used to.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
So at one point, I'm kind of like, don't waste your time with this upgrade to the technology
unless you have the games to kind of back that up that aren't just more exercise games
and more dance games.
Well, I think they're just working on, you know, having that available for when they
do get to that point as far as game development goes, because yeah, some of the stuff that
is available right now, it's very basic with what they have you doing.
You know, Dance Central's a pretty good example of what it can do, but some other games that
kind of just have these modes tacked on like Harry Potter and stuff where it's just an
on rails thing that you, it's very unnecessary.
I mean, I don't know.
They need less like, you know, fitness games, less snowboarding-esque games, just some better
ideas.
Go to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Derek H. wants to give a cheap plug to connectable.net.
Games are only scratching the surface.
You know, that's a good thought.
I'm looking at some of the stuff here that they have, and of course I've been kind of
reading about the hacks on the internet, and this website connectable.net seems to be kind
of a collection of the different sorts of hacks that are out there, like lots of YouTubes,
and I'm seeing things like an air piano where you can use your hand to play the piano on
connectable.
I mean, it's not exactly like a real piano, but still it's an impressive little thing
that they're doing with the technology.
You gotta wonder if Microsoft's kind of letting this hack thing go a little bit just to see
what people are coming up with so they can steal it.
You know what I want?
Hmm?
The Kinect experiment.
No, seriously, this is me being serious, because I really want a Theremin.
Maybe Kinect music.
Why not?
Since there was Wii music, let's have Kinect music.
And actually have it be good?
Perhaps.
Let's not, because once again we've figured out that, you know, porting stuff over from
the Wii or, you know, basically copying the ideas that you've done on the Wii, not exactly
a great plan, because then a lot of these games just come out very cheesy.
I mean, even some of the games are just, I mean, like Deca Sports and Game Party, I mean,
it's just, that's stuff that they have on the Wii right now.
We don't need a, you know, ton of mini game collections and little sports compilations
and stuff like that.
Just come up with something, something cool, you know?
And something, something that doesn't even necessarily need to use your whole body, like
head tracking in a first person shooter would be pretty awesome.
That would be actually really awesome.
You know, it's completely optional.
Like to duck?
You have to duck.
And you should like do that on your couch.
No, not even.
That's, that's dumb.
Really?
Not even the ducking thing.
But I'm saying like, you could poke your head a little bit to the side to kind of get a
different perspective.
It's just a little bit more immersive.
Wouldn't take that much, you know, technology.
And you know...
Could you imagine time crisis done with head tracking?
It would be cool, but I'm kind of sick of time crisis.
I mean, I'm just saying, I'm taking that concept to where, you know, say that you duck under,
you know, a divider and you can peek over it and that type of thing.
But I'm just trying to think of a solution for like, you know, people that want to play
with controllers on a, you know, on a couch or something like that.
And they can make everything very minimal and optional.
I mean, you don't have to have, say like for the next Gears of War game or something like
that, could have head tracking.
And that would be the extent of the Kinect support.
None of this, move your arm in like a karate chop to cut through, you know, enemy.
I don't know.
Here's a really interesting comment from chat from chat.orangelodgevideo.com.
Ray Craft says, time crisis with head tracking.
Yeah, that's called Police 911.
Very interesting comment because yeah, Police 911 used a dance games technology.
It was basically Para Para Paradise, you know, the setup to kind of do this different sort
of game.
What was mocap?
All the like mocap boxing and all that.
Yeah, the whole mocap thing.
That was the same theory, but I'm saying that now with the Kinect, something like that is
actually really possible.
Sure.
Just like, you know, Para Para is possible in the home, but that's, that's that dance
masters game.
Which I need to get.
Yeah.
Cause I, Oh, I forgot to mention that for my thing, but I got to connect for December
ween.
Congrats.
Yay.
All right.
For Festivus?
December ween.
Is that what you call it?
I'm going to call it December ween.
December ween.
Awesome.
All right.
Chat.orangelodgevideo.com.
If you want to lend your own comments, lots of comments there, just kind of, um, on that
story.
I like that.
Well, let's go back to talking about wow for a minute.
Sorry guys.
But you know, I know some of you are wow haters and that's fine.
People are going to like what they like, but you can't ignore this world of Warcraft shatters
a record this week yet again, and probably to no one's surprise cataclysm is sold 3.3
million units within 24 hours of its release becoming the fastest selling PC game of all
time.
The game that it beat of course was Wrath of the Lich King World of Warcraft 2.8 million
copies back in 2008.
They didn't say how much of that 3.3 million was digital.
This was of course the first expansion that Blizzard had launched digitally, which was
a little bit of a controversy in some ways because, uh, you know, all those midnight
launches certainly had a few less people at them due to the digital launch.
But what I think is very interesting about this is I think it shows you that of those
12 million subscribers or whatever, 3.3 million are pretty hardcore because they all had to
have the game the first day and I totally admit that I fall into that category.
But it's left a lot of people asking like, well, where does the other 9 million go?
And I'm wondering, well, has cataclysm launched in every country?
But certainly there's a gap there and I think that's only day one, I think too.
I mean, some people, you know, couldn't make it over the day or waited a little bit or
they're getting it as a gift.
And I think some people are honestly having to wait like a month because, you know, the
economy the way it is, I know there's certain people in my guild that are like, uh, not
going to be doing cataclysm until the new year at least because just can't afford it.
It's too much.
So, you know, I think there's a lot of people that just don't do it.
Or is cataclysm like a lot of that stuff like end game because I could see maybe some people
just starting off, they're saying, eh, I don't need it.
A lot of it is because the stuff that affected the pre-end game, you know, the zero to 60
experience, you don't need this expansion to experience any of that.
That was all a free upgrade basically because they destroyed the old world and ushered in
this new one.
However, the whole Worgen and Goblin experience, which are really well done starting areas
just as far as like immersing in story and everything, you can't do unless you have cataclysm.
So you can't do those new races, but you know, you can still roll a Draenei like Dark Soccer
is and at level 15 or whatever, head over to the other continent and experience some
of the cataclysm stuff without really needing the cataclysm expansion.
So kind of interesting.
Other important news out of Blizzard and this isn't about WoW, but this could be about what
ends up killing WoW.
That's right.
Blizzard might actually be making the game that is going to kill WoW.
They're making their own WoW killer.
Frank Pierce in an interview with Destructoid confirmed that the earlier rumor was true
that the next MMO that they are making is called Titan.
At least right now that's a code name.
That doesn't mean that's the finalized release name of the game.
That's just the code name.
So it also kind of lends a little credit to the fact that that leaked list might have
been true.
I don't remember if we talked about that leaked list on this show or if that was on Hoardhouse
because it's a little more Blizzard centric, but all I can say is that if you've seen that
leaked list of release dates and names and so forth, all that shit is subject to change
because Blizzard is notorious for saying, we will put it out when it's ready and not
a minute before.
So you know, take a lot of that with a grain of salt.
Anyhow, more quote here in the interview with Destructoid, quote, the media is not supposed
to know anything about Titan.
It's our next gen MMO and we've only started, excuse me, we've only started talking about
it in a limited fashion because we want to leverage the fact that we're working on something
like that for the purpose of recruiting, getting some of the best talent of the industry on
the product, on the project.
So they are up to something, but that something is at least a good three years away, if not
more.
So enjoy WoW in the meantime.
Otherwise, I'm kind of curious as to what this is, but they probably won't even do an
announcement until like Blizzcon 2012 or something.
It's a ways out there guys.
But it's interesting to know that that part of the rumor was true because I think I passed
it off on a Hoard House's fan wank.
So sometimes I can be wrong about things.
DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Pac-Man Fever.
Nah.
You remember that song, don't you?
That's old school.
Yes, I do.
Of course I remember that song.
Well, so do the folks, um.
That song's older than most of our listeners, you know.
Well, so the folks at Rock Band, they remember it and actually it came out the same year
as Tron.
Awesome.
Ooh.
So the Pac-Man Fever album will be on Rock Band Download Content.
And that's supposed to be early 2001 and it will have, as I said, Pac-Man Fever and Do
the Donkey Kong and Froggy's Lament.
Just so you guys know, these songs were actually kind of terrible.
Like-
But pull up Pac-Man Fever.
Here.
Like, you know.
But it was, it was popular when it came out, I mean.
I remember skating at the roller rate to this song.
So do I.
I'm totally dating myself, but.
This song was really just written, this whole album was just a little like video game tie
in song.
It was really just written to cash in on the whole craze.
One hit Wonderband.
You don't want me to find the 7up commercial.
I've shown you the 7up commercial.
I think, yes, a long time ago on this show, yes.
Um, but yeah, it's coming out.
I get it.
I wouldn't mind having some Pac-Man Fever.
It'd be that lol song you pull up at parties.
You know, everybody has the lol songs for Rock Band.
Like the Cartman version of Poker Face is always a good lol song.
You know, I didn't download that.
I vetoed that.
Really?
So, but you know what my song is?
Uh, Still Alive from Portal.
No, Skullcrusher Mountain.
Oh, okay.
That's a good lol song.
That's a good one.
Skullcrusher Mountain.
Alright.
So there you go.
Uh, what?
The other songs on the album sound kind of funny.
I haven't really heard any of those other ones.
It's been ages since I've listened to any of the other ones.
I actually did have that on vinyl back in the day.
Wow.
That's a collector's note.
Hold on.
Let me pull it up here so you can hear a little bit here.
If you want to.
Here's a little bit of Do the Donkey Kong.
If you want to know what this song is about.
I got Pac-Man Fever.
Alright.
There you go.
Um, so when the whole ESPN streaming was announced for, or I should say when it came out as part
of the November dashboard update for the Xbox 360, um, some people unfortunately were unable
to participate in that streaming and those would be folks that had Bright House, which
is owned by Time Warner, as their cable provider.
Unfortunately those people were unable to actually get the ESPN app to work correctly.
But now it says apparently that this is going to be coming to those people that were unable
to have it before, and this is coming from the ESPN website.
The way it works, I guess, is when a Time Warner or Bright House user turns on their
Xbox 360 and tries to access the ESPN app, it'll direct them to the ESPN activation page
where they have to authenticate their account with Bright House or Time Warner.
Then it'll be given an access code.
Once you have that, you would, um, I guess you're gonna be able to actually use the streaming
service now.
So that's kinda neat, that they're not locked out of it anymore.
Guess some money exchanged hands or something like that.
I always thought it was interesting that, like, whenever I would connect to the ESPN
live thing, and granted I don't, like, Uber, follow sports and all that, although I won
tickets to a Kings game at work, and, like, I'm gonna be, like, right in the front of
a section.
I'm excited, actually, even though I don't, you know, it's like the two worst teams in
the league playing each other.
But I don't care!
I'm gonna have fun.
So the ESPN thing for, like, when I get my once-in-a-great-while basketball thing, I've
looked at it, like, once or twice, I always thought it was kinda weird that, like, the
whole Comcast logo was in the corner, I'm like, it knows.
It's aware.
I mean, I know it's just reading my IP, and so it can tell, and, you know, probably the
gateway I'm going through and what have you, but it always kinda struck me as interesting.
I don't know.
I don't know if I wanna open this can of worms and make me sound even more ignorant, but
whatever.
I've gotta ask this question.
Is the reason how Time Warner and all these companies are able to block this because of
the fact that net neutrality didn't actually work out or was, like, they found that it's
not in the courts or whatever, that it's not actually exist, that net neutrality shouldn't
exist?
Well, how can Time Warner block this when it's on the internet?
You know what I mean?
It's just, it's just like how, you know, they go in the squabbles with, you know, um, like
Fox or whatever, all of a sudden blacked out on a certain cable provider because they don't
wanna pay certain royalties or whatever, so it may have been that these, like, Time Warner
Bright House didn't wanna, you know, pay ESPN or whatever, or something to that effect,
I'm thinking.
That's right, but that's also not the internet, that's TV, so I was always, it always kind
of fascinated me.
But it's TV content, though, I don't know how that exactly works with, like, streaming
on the web and stuff like that, and if you can get to it, because I know, like, some
places you can't, um, you can't stream, like, certain games on, um, the web, you know, depending
on your location or something like that, because of blackouts and...
If you're a Time Warner user, would you be able to get around this just by spoofing your
IP?
Maybe?
I'm not sure.
I bet there's websites out of there with more devious information than things I've read.
But you know what, I'm not really gonna pay attention to this whole streaming app until
they have ESPN 8, the Ocho, with all sorts of extreme sports and dodgeball.
Now, actually, I did try to watch, remember when dodgeball came out and stuff, and then
shortly after that they actually did have dodgeball on, like, one of the ESPNs or Spike
or something like that?
That's right, they did, they did.
It was boring.
It goes to show you, it's just a movie.
It's not exciting in real life.
But it's an awesome 8-bit NES video game, just so you know.
That's true.
And a Game Boy Advance launch title.
It's just like if someone, you know, if for whatever reason they decide, hey, you know
what, it'd be awesome if we have some people running around in an arena throwing Frisbees
with little lights on the outside of them and playing tag, you know, um, kind of like
Tron, but, you know, Disc Wars and stuff like that, that would not be fun to watch more
than once.
Uh, Jvmon in our chat room asks, but Sky, why would you go out of your way to do that
for ESPN?
If you're that into ESPN, you probably already have all their channels.
True, but I'm going by that hacker mentality of, because I can, and I'm not gonna be told
no.
I mean, isn't that kind of why people install Linux on toasters, because they can, you know?
And you can't is not a suitable answer.
I consider that as, I'm a power user, so, you know, if I want Linux to be on my toast,
then that'd be kind of cool to put Linux on a toaster and then have it print stuff on
your toast, if that were possible.
They make a coffee printer.
Coffee printer?
That?
Oh, that does, yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Uh, Derek H. in our chat room tries to clarify, kind of cheating though, Derek H. in our chat
room tries to clarify and break things down for me a little bit.
ESPN3 is a paid service that the ISP has to buy.
So spoofing your IP won't matter because the content can't get through the Time Warner
routers.
That's still disappointing.
I mean, I kind of thought once content was on the internet, everybody was supposed to
get it.
I mean, I, I get it now.
I get the reasons why it doesn't work, but it sucks.
Anyhow, uh, JV Mon also, I'm sorry, Rama in our chat room says, Sky getting into ESPN,
he loses 20 gay points.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, there's lots of gay guys that are into sports.
In fact, I'm actually taking, one of my best friends, I'm taking to this game with me because
he likes sports a lot and he likes basketballs and he happens to be to gay.
So there you go.
Anyhow, let's move on.
More news going on.
PlayStation app on the iPhone, not here yet, but here's the deal.
A PlayStation app has been announced for phones.
It's Sony Computer Entertainment Europe is releasing this, the official PlayStation app
in Europe.
Uh, you're going to be doing some PlayStation network interaction through your iPhone or
Android device.
Let me think, could that be buying games and spending money and my points through the phone?
That's gotta be one of it, right?
Yeah, you're not going to be playing games on this, but you can look at trophies and
you can look and see if your friends are on or offline or what have you, and you can also
see the official blog, at least in Europe, because this is being released as a Europe
product.
It is coming out soon in the UK, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, and the Netherlands.
There are more countries set to be added to that list, but no word if the US is one of
them, but I would think so.
I mean, how could it not be?
One would hope so.
I would certainly think so.
And again, we are sort of the redheaded stepchild of the world.
Well it is, it is interesting that with all these rumors we've had lately of the Sony
phone and the photos of it in action and all that, that they are acknowledging at least
that, you know, the iPhone still has a huge ass market share, so they ought to put something
official on it.
No, they need to stop wasting their time with this crap and actually deliver on the stuff
that they promised us way back in the day before all this stuff was coming out.
Like for example, we would have trophy rooms in home where we can show off our trophies
and they would be really cool interactive things and people could walk through and do
that.
It's still not there.
What the hell?
Come on.
Do what you promised and stop wasting the damn time.
Loki's a little bitter.
I know a little bit.
No, not that it matters.
I would never go in the home again anyways because it's a waste of time.
I'll bag on Apple for a little bit for a minute though.
There is so much.
That's why Game Center sucks because there's so much trash out there in the app store,
especially stuff that is free.
Like I kid you not, I downloaded a free app the other day and the game itself is all right,
but if you want to unlock, here's how you get quote unquote achievements in Game Center.
You can get 50 points of achievements for emailing a friend about the game.
You can get another like 75 points for posting to your Facebook wall about the game and like
all these things that have nothing to do with actually playing the game itself and I just
think there needs to be some type of quality control.
Like I feel like Microsoft's put a little bit more quality control in achievements.
Granted there's some pretty asinine achievements out there too and some of them have to do
with, you know, download content and things like that, but I don't know.
I just look at Game Center and I go, sometimes leaving this stuff wide open is a little too
open, but maybe that's just me.
Sometimes I just go lolz.
Going back to ESPN3 for a little bit because I find this conversation in our chatroom humorous
at chat.orangelaungerated.com, Derek H says, oh my God, I'm checking out ESPN3 right now.
World badminton championships, enough said, but I like Brakeman's follow up.
They could have at least called it the shuttlecock tournament.
Nice.
There you go.
Chat.orangelaungerated.com if you want to chat with these folks.
Shuttlecock.
I know, right?
Well how about something that has nothing to do with cocks?
Boring.
Alright, no, we can do it.
Well, there's been a call to ban Mafia 2 by the daughter of a Sicilian journalist who
was murdered by the Mafia.
Well, the journalist was murdered, of course not she was.
Her name is Sonia Alfano.
She is a member of the European Parliament and President of Italy's Association for the
Family of Mafia Victims and I think she's, basically she's still grieving.
You know, it happened in 93.
Her father, Bepe, was murdered in January in 93.
She's saying that basically it's taking the Mafia from, you know, killing and death into
fun times.
And 2K, I'm sorry, Take Two.
It's that whole glamorizing violence thing.
Yeah, that's it.
And she's trying to get the European Commission to consider banning it.
Take Two is like, uh, no.
Basically it's dealing with the American Mafia.
You know, sort of like the Godfather and Sopranos, that type of thing.
And then they, you know, we're, you know, trying to make it sort of a more realistic
type thing yet still be entertaining, not necessarily to glorify the violence in real
life things, but to take the sort of, uh, fictional world of it.
To take the fictional world of it, not necessarily glamorize it.
Well, I, I, here's the funny thing.
I do, obviously, I think this is a little bit too much.
You don't ban an entire video game just because something unfortunate happened.
And don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to disrespect what happened.
That's terrible that, you know, she lost her father in a crime like that so many years
ago.
I imagine that's something that you never get over, even though it's like 17 years later.
However, it's letting one bad apple ruin the barrel, so to speak.
At the same time, though, Take Two's argument of, well, it's not the European Mafia.
It's the American Mafia.
Okay, that's, that's, I don't think that's specifically their argument, just that they're
saying that it set, you know, the whole Godfather Sopranos slash kind of thing.
I, but I seriously don't think that makes it any better for this woman.
However, if somebody's going to do something stupid, they're going to do something stupid.
They don't need a video game to teach them how to do it.
It's funny.
I don't know why I'm reminded of this completely random conversation I was having last night
on the train, but Alan and I took BART into the city to go to the Metronon to see Tron,
right?
And while we were going down into the BART tunnel, I was commenting, wow, I have, I have
3G signal in here.
I haven't had 3G signal in BART tunnel.
I don't remember when.
They must have put a tower down here, right?
And he said, yeah, I think, I think they put a cell tower down in the BART stations a couple
of years ago.
You know, so people could still use their phone when they're down here.
But it met with a lot of resistance for a while.
They didn't want to put it in.
I was like, oh, is that just San Francisco being hippies again?
They don't want more cell towers.
No, apparently it had to do with the fact that when the UK bombings happened back in
oh, four, oh, five, sorry if I'm misstating that, but back when those happened, when those
buses went off, that was all triggered via Internet and Wi-Fi or what have you, wireless
signals.
And so they didn't want something similar happening in the San Francisco BART tunnels.
But I said, well, wait a minute.
You know, obviously, you know, we're not arguing.
He's just telling me the fact of the matter.
But my response is, wait a minute, like, if somebody is going to do something stupid,
they don't need 3G signal in order to be able to do it or not.
Well, this is my thing, too, you know, like, my granddaddy died of cancer.
I don't have a problem with house.
Must be lupus.
That's the only house joke I know.
I don't even watch the show, but I know there's a joke about lupus.
But they also, I've just picked something hospital related, so.
Right.
I don't have problems, okay.
I don't have problems with people that smoke other than that they usually stink.
But that's how my granddaddy got cancer.
Here's the other thing I think this gal needs to take into consideration is that, you know,
if she's upset about this Mafia video game, is she upset at the movie that comes out once
every three months, at least, that also glamorizes the Mafia and the crime and all that stuff
because there's an awful lot of movies.
What about books?
There's a lot of books.
The Godfather was a book.
Honestly, I think she's sensitive.
She has a right to be sensitive.
I understand she's sensitive, but at the same time, you don't take that out on everybody
else.
Yeah.
You don't ban a game from an entire country because you have that whole response to it.
I think that it's people taking their personal, you know, honestly, this goes back to one
of the biggest things that I think is wrong with the world in general.
It goes back to that, it's very selfish, I think, you know, and I'm not trying to belittle
her grief.
Exactly.
But it's like, you know, especially with the whole political correctness thing, you know.
People spend so many times because one or two people are offended for something, but
not the entire population.
You know?
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangeonshreddy.com, Frisbee says, remember, 3G and Wi-Fi didn't
cause those buses to explode, explosives did.
Yeah, that was kind of my point, too.
Jvmon in our chatroom says, does that mean Facebook will be taking off Mafia wars?
William Murderface says, is she mad at Jersey Shore for making Italians look like asses?
That's a whole nother topic.
This is my thing, okay, for example, and I actually get a lot of this living in California,
I'm trying to pick something neutral and something light.
I get the whole, oh, Alabama's full of rednecks thing, which I know for a fact it's not.
I'm from there.
Am I a redneck?
Well.
Rob.
You do get awfully excited over Chick-fil-A.
Oh, God.
Well, Chick-fil-A's delicious, but I mean.
I'm kidding, by the way.
I know.
I just wrote three emails down.
It's fine.
But I mean, you know, a lot of people in the South are uber conservative, bush-loving,
you know, gun-toting rednecks.
I mean, the stereotypes exist for a reason.
However, I don't get offended because I know they're not talking about me.
Now, if they said all people from Alabama are freakin' rednecks and all that, I'd be
like, you know what?
That's not true.
allow me to educate you but you know weren't you raised by lesbians who live
in Alabama yes not your mother but you know your your pseudo mothers for a
couple years when you were out of high school right yes I was so and you know
when I think of Alabama I don't think of that's the place where all the lesbians
go I think of Santa Cruz but I'm saying that people and I understand the
concept behind wanting to make things better for other people wanting to try
to decrease opportunity for hate if that makes sense Rob mm-hmm but at the same
time I think that people are a little too sensitive I really like this comment
and I think this is a good one to end it on and move on to another story break
man in our chat room says people have the right to their opinions but they
don't have the right to enforce their opinions on others well said that's it
chat I think the world just needs to be a little thicker skinned chat orange
lounge radio.com or you can always email us if you have an opinion on that mail
bag at orange lounge radio.com I'd actually be really curious about this
and and this might be a dangerous place to go but that's okay we'll be a little
bit dangerous here on olr I kind of want to know if there's a game out there that
has ever made someone like that has ever kind of offended someone in this similar
type of manner and I'm not necessarily like I don't I don't want to hear you're
really like you know upsetting story about something that happened in the
family or whatever but is there have been something in a video game where you
were just kind of like you know what they really shouldn't have done that I'm
just kind of curious if people can think of a case like that and email it to us
mailbag at orange lounge radio.com there's a world war two games and you're out there killing Nazis
mm-hmm and yeah everything they did was really crappy but that's the past we
learned from it mm-hmm we move forward mm-hmm you know and I mean I'm saying
that now we should you know know what the warning signs are know what to stop
you know there should be no legislation that forces you know one you know person
you know it's something different when it's a something that's beyond your
control you know now that now that we can learn from history I think that
that's one thing but I think that people do need to understand that there's just
assholes in the world and people are haters gonna hate right exactly it's my
favorite just gotta just gotta be a little bit better than them but you know
ready to put the stop when it actually is something that you can do something
about you can't change minds you can't change the way people feel but you can
change how you respond to it all right it's some kind of a comment here along
those lines from Derek H in our chat room says I did not like the airport
scene in Call of Duty 4 at all I thought it was really fucked up and had no
reason being there chat dot orange roger dot com or a mailbag may I was really
offended one rockstar games decided hey you know what for the Ballad of Gay
Tony we're gonna make all the deathmatch multiplayer into smaller close-knit
let locations instead of the open-world grand theft auto oops drop my iPad or
iPod um close-knit deathmatch locations and not the big old expansive open-world
stuff that was very offensive to me I'm not sure we're on the same page Loki
not sure you're quite the same thing out of this topic all right anyhow let's
move on some more games are coming out and I don't know if there's anything
offensive I mean it's the holiday week after all but let's travel the world and
see what releases are coming out we'll start with the u.s. um not a whole lot
coming out this week mostly download stuff actually I shouldn't say mostly
all of it download stuff so we're just gonna talk about some download stuff
instead of the normal console releases Monday you're gonna get Cosmo fighters
on DSiWare Dark Light Dungeon on PC Frobot on WiiWare Mario Party 2 I'm
assuming on Virtual Console and Paul's monster adventure on DSiWare December
21st Battlefield Bad Company 2 Vietnam will be coming out on PlayStation Network
and Xbox Live Arcade and then finally on December 22nd a world of keflins and
this is awesome back to the future of the game on iPhone Mac PC and
PlayStation Network hopefully steam is having another uber sale this holiday
too that'll be nice yes so keep an eye on that all right if that's it for the
u.s. let's travel to Japan and look at the Japanese releases and what's coming
out of there on the 22nd of December cybertroopers virtual on force comes out
in Japan that's a regular and a box set edition there's a twin sticky X coming
out in support of that game as well yes that's all coming out on the 22nd since
there's no show next week I'll also mention on the 30th dream club zero on
the Xbox 360 from Tamsoft moving on to the PlayStation 3 Nobunaga no yabu
online shouldn't say no sure I don't know if this is the first expansion for
Nobunaga I know they have Nobunaga's like they turn Nobunaga's ambition into
like an online game now so I'm not sure if this is the online game itself I
thought that had already come out or if this is like the first expansion but
that is coming out in Japan on the 22nd unfortunately the description is in
Japanese so I can't read if that's a regular one or expansion also coming out
on the 23rd of December Mugen Cairo Hikari tokage no hako comes out as well
in Japan and this looks like echo it's echo chrome 2 that's what this game is
like it's it looks like echo chrome but with colors and sure enough it is echo
chrome 2 not a download title that is actually gonna be out there it supports
PlayStation move that is coming out of the 23rd going to the we in Japan
Momochan diet we figure o bix by John Dion comes out this week on the 23rd
yeah it's another diet game but get this you have to see the box art for this
game I'm just gonna copy that little picture and I'm gonna post that in our
chat room and you kids tell me if you're gonna buy that fitness game based on the
artwork or not Loki what do you think what is this fitness game have in the
box art that most fitness games don't usually have hot Asian chick on the
front that's right in a bikini nonetheless and she's not only in a
bikini she's kind of peeling down the bottom of her bikini yeah you know what
what a hoe Jillian Michaels tried that on the cover her game and I'm sorry not
the same effect it's not the same like no I don't want to see your penis it is
not this is not the same all right also milestone shooting collection 2 comes
out on the way but who cares you're all going to be looking at your unopened
boxes of Momochan diet on the DS not a lot this week there really isn't
anything but we do get to saga three she could know Hasha shadow or light comes
out on January 6 I believe this is another game in the saga series like
it's a remake of one of the saga games which was what Final Fantasy legend here
so that's kind of cool lastly going to the PSP beyond the Milky Way comes out
this week on the PSP as well as starry sky in autumn and a big release this
week the third birthday that doesn't sound familiar to you that's the new
parasite Eve game coming on PSP the third birthday this week so there'll be
a lot of folks importing that one that's probably the biggest release of them all
over to the UK Dark Sakura well as for our UK news we have a bare few things
not like the bare necessities or anything on the 21st we have the
battlefield bad company to Vietnam 22nd back to the future on the 29th rascals
and also on the 34 I'll go ahead mention the 31st we have EA Sports Grand Slam
tennis because kids like tennis and that's it all right that's gonna do it
for the release dates this week let's go back into some news and we have the
classic game of the week just a few minutes ahead of us but first a story
from Loki yes let's see this is kind of neat now you may remember that they just
released the pretty awesome infinity blade on the iPhone and iOS App Store
well there's gonna be other games supporting the unreal development kit
and it's kind of cool one of the demos that they're showing off the unreal
development kit for was none other than the long hopefully not forgotten epic
game just jackrabbit but now updated in 3d graphics and fun stuff like that
there's actually some other epic whatever unreal engine games that are
coming to the store in fact I think there's actually one and I don't
remember what it was called but it was I kind of looked a little bit like World
of Warcraft on but it was like a tower defense game or something like that
we're like a hack and slash game with the name dungeon in the title I don't
remember exactly what it was but it looked pretty cool so but yeah I mean
more games supporting the unreal engine would be pretty awesome because they can
do some pretty sweet looking stuff just even up with the limited resources of
the iOS and the iPhones and stuff like that just like when I hear that there
might be a new jazz jackrabbit or whatever I'm like oh my god is it 1994
this is great yeah that's awesome something else that is new and exciting
I guess depends what kind of games you play sing star yeah I remember seeing
star the karaoke games it's also a dance game I played your Abba yeah sing star
you shouldn't tell everybody on the internet I have that but I told oh come
on you said that was your reason for getting a ps3 it was I need to get sing
star Queen but here's some other exciting stuff about sing star the sing
star store is set to explode if you live in the u.s. here's the thing sing star is
actually really big in Europe it's much bigger in Europe than it is here and
there's lots and lots of downloadable songs that go to Europe but they don't
come over to the u.s. but here's the deal there's been a new deal made between
Sony and Universal Music meaning that the content that goes to Europe will now
be coming to the u.s. as well and it all started this week 64 new songs hit the
u.s. sing star store 11 of them tracks for seeing star dance these tracks cost
about a buck 50 each I'm trying to see if there's any like really really big
songs and here there's a shit ton of Lady Gaga songs so if you're into Lady
Gaga there's quite a few songs from her first album that are there and bad
romance because you know you want to make your friend sing bad romance songs
from the Jackson 5 are now there take that that's that's a old-school band
that I think is getting back together just like did you know that the new kids
on the block and the Backstreet Boys are going out on tour together yes and I
actually did see that performance speaking of it being the 90s all over
again somebody asked me if I wanted to go I'm like no I don't know like no I'm
not no but you can do some dancing to Tiffany I think we're alone now and aha
take on me I'm sorry I still like the birthday massacre version better
whatever there it is some sing star stuff for you hey let's go to the
classics video games and talk about an old-school game the dark soccer thinks
hey you kids ought to be playing this week the classic video game of the week
dark soccer is gonna step into the vault find a game that she says hey you got
two weeks cuz the holiday play this game damn it what's classic game of the week
I can tell you people are gonna have a hard time finding this one space fantasy
zone space fantasy zone yes not fantasy zone but space fantasy zone basically
what this game is is that it is a mix of space Harrier and fantasy zone and even
the music is a little remix of the things it actually with with the
particular game it never came out it was never released this is a prototype oh
wait a minute however however um you actually can find the the disk image
online aha so the kiddies are gonna have to resort to more scandalous means to
play this game I wouldn't necessarily say it's scandalous given that you know
I don't really think there's any kind of restriction on it but it is really
pretty it's still got the same kind of space Harrier scaling issues it's pretty
minimalist but the other thing that actually I didn't really care for it too
is that it is a little bit harder to hit stuff but it's still so freaking cute I
mean because the game space Harrier is set in the fantasy zone you know welcome
to fancy zone get ready so it takes two of the best things and just puts them
together and you know your bosses are your you know some of your classic
fantasy zone bosses it's just really neat and it's cute it really is just
it's something for people who love space Harrier or fantasy zone I mean that was
really all that it is it's it's eye candy oh and you can go into your
little shops and buy stuff you've got the same you know lady from your from
the shops and fantasy zone and get all kinds of goodies it's just cute I mean
that's really all I can say about it and it's got the oppa oppa and his little
feet sticking out going that's really it that's really all I can say about it
this is a prototype it never really came out that's alright it's especially it's
a special game for the holidays exactly and like I said you can you can find it
online you know if you've got a week we've played it I mean I'm gonna link
people here in the chat room to the little youtubes they can kind of see
what this game looks like because it is key I mean it's exactly what you said
it's space Harrier with fantasy zone graphics it's pretty cute and I figured
since fantasy zone is my second favorite game is space Harrier is my third
favorite game I have to throw the two together but you know oddly enough I
wouldn't exactly I don't really classify space fantasy zone on so let's see the
other reason why I'm ringing it up for the classic game is that it is you can
play the whole thing it's fun it's it's you know a nice waste of time not there
usually are a few issues with the disc 2 and burning so you have to be really
careful when you do it but it's like see there's the wood face thing yeah I like
how the bosses in this game kind of look like the bosses from the original
fantasy they are the bosses yeah you know what I mean though they're in that
whole 3d environment so kind of neat so I really had to had to just throw it out
there you know it's a game that I think any fan of fantasy zone and space
Harrier should at least give a look at now there's some listeners that aren't
gonna know so I have to ask you just said your second favorite game ever is
fantasy zone and your third favorite ever is space Harrier what's number one
that would be the Guardian legend amen sister the Guardian legend most
underrated NES game ever the game is so great great absolutely astounding it's
not as good any of those games as Super Metroid but they're all still really
good well that's your favorite game I know but I mean so really I know it's
not an official released game and yeah I've got a few prototypes of other stuff
but this is one prototype that you can get the full version of out there it's
not unavailable mm-hmm you know now you can't find an official printing of it or
something without spending the bucks right but still and you know there's no
I don't think there's any real reason about why it wasn't released it might
have been something about licensing issues mm-hmm but it's just fun and I
mean it's not even really the greatest game ever but it is something that uh
that's worth playing it's something that's worth checking out and at least
you know watch the video it's cute all right and I I still love the PC engine
well that's gonna do it for part a here at orange lounge radio but don't go
anywhere guys there's plenty more to come in part B tonight your emails at
mailbag orange laundry calm your Twitter's at twitter.com slash olr be
sure to get those in and of course your phone calls will be coming up later in
the program as well as some rapid-fire news some really quick news stories of
what's going on and some other games and some other game related news stories
including one about sex so you better stay tuned for more of orange lounge
radio what I'm a Michael you know let's talk about sex yeah it's the George
Michael song okay I thought that that was a salt and pepper yeah what's all
whatever they both had songs about sex among many others actually George Michael
was the one that got busted for well it wasn't really sex but you know what
we're just gonna go to break we'll be back in a minute with more of orange
lounge radio
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we are live on this Sunday evening
December the 19th of 2010 with the 394th episode of our show we are taping live
at all games radio www.allgames.com if you've ever wanted to join us for a live
show tune in at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show but not next week because we won't be here next week but
tune in in early January when we will be back over the break we were playing some
music from space invaders sorry we can't play it on the podcast because it's
copyright but look you were saying something about the whole space invaders
on the app store you were not a fan right no infinity gene is terrible it's
okay I played it it's it's okay but yeah I kind of agree it's not nearly as good
as extreme when you when you play extreme it's just awesome but infinity
gene was just no hmm not cool it's not awesome now I'm a during the break I
also got a present from Loki so thank you Loki he bought me something on the
App Store dungeon Raider 2 no dungeon hunter 2 yes it's very much like Diablo
awesome awesome you know I love me some Diablo so great yay
Jamie has something coming her way to whoo-hoo presents in studio good times
speaking of presents we should actually let the I gave you guys your presents
before the show uh-huh oh yes I forgot we didn't talk about those on air yeah
dark soccer got me a World of Warcraft trivia calendar cuz she knows I'm an
addict and so now I have a little desk calendar for work that I can tear off
each day and then like I can mark things a little post-it notes like e3 and some
of the big events during the years I can see how long it is till e3 when I was
working I actually had three different calendars like that on my desk I had the
redneck dictionary which I just thought was funny and then I had the Yiddish
word of the day and I had like another one that was oh yeah like um like random
facts that they won't tell you about or something so it's pretty cool but I got
Loki a family guy calendar yes thank you I'm definitely gonna put this up on my
desk as all I have is was an axis game localization gave me a calendar and it's
tiny and not family guy because this has quotes on it I can actually put on my my
marquee speaking of World of Warcraft I guess I should take this opportunity to
plug the spin-off shows we have and we're not taking the holiday off at
Horde house the best little Horde house in Azeroth is the little Warcraft show
that I do with my buddy extra fur and now I don't know if even dark Sakura
knows this but if you want more information on a Horde house it's right
there at orange lounge radio.com there's a new little sidebar that plugs the two
spin-off shows so we have to give hugs and kisses to our webmaster deep man for
doing that and of course I have to always give a shout out as well the VX
Jason XVU does more of the tech stuff making sure the website stays up so
really appreciate both of them and all they do for our website including
plugging our sideshows so if you like Warcraft check out Horde house it's
available in iTunes dark Sakura you do a show as well and you're running some
best ofs right or not best ofs year-end specials right now right yes um we do
one called comic insanity it's on infamous net that's with no I in front
of the end and it's me and Mar and Marvel and Dan shadow and we talk about
comics nice and we talk about a shadows a hatred of Hawk people and the love
hate relationship of Mar Marvel and Matt fraction who's writing Iron Man and my
cluelessness about just about anything DC comics related so all right so if you
want links to those both those shows now available at orange laundry calm right
on the left hand side the links to both those shows cute so awesome also remember
don't mention Jeff Loeb also I want to mention this it's on orange laundry calm
you may have to go into the archive a little bit to see this but our buddies
over at under sedation live are doing their annual madness tournament it was
March madness now it's just madness I think because it doesn't have a month
it's us lol our madness version 2011 you should submit your top 25 lists to us l
madness at gmail.com that is the top 25 games ever like if you are a huge fan of
super Metroid I'm gonna send my number one is super Metroid to us l madness at
gmail.com or you already know dark soccer's list is gonna be one guardian
legend to I can I'm writing a damn list for a fantasy zone three space Harrier
and continue on through 25 so the nominees to get the most points will be
entered into an elimination 64 bracket us l madness at gmail.com more
information available on our website you have to scroll back in the news a little
bit so there it up there it is awesome all that information orange laundry calm
of course and Tiger Claw is letting us know that oh sorry I thought that was
about rebroadcast something else off chat with him offline about anyhow let's
get into some rapid-fire news some quick news stories that we just don't have the
full time to talk about we want to bring him to your attention on the last lucky
yes so this is neat super meat boy game we've actually been talking about on the
show for a few weeks now and is very awesome if you happen to have the PC
version apparently they figured out a way to uncover the dev mode located in
the game and of course it was discovered by the modding community and I believe
it allows you to customize your game a little bit of course this is only in the
PC version it gives you the keys to the kingdom as they put it and some very
user-friendly tools in which a team meet created the game with including the
original batch of levels and actually is kinda cool team meet the creators of the
game are actually nice enough to post a few tutorial videos explaining how to
access and use the tools until the you know finally get around to making a
proper level creator but that's pretty awesome that you know someone figured
out where the dev mode is and they went ahead and decided hey you know what we're
just gonna go ahead and instead of saying no why did you do that we're
gonna help people out and see how people get creative with it so that's really
sweet and of course if you're a fan of dead rising to you'll be happy to know
that on December 27th dead rising to case west will be coming out on xbox
live arcade it's the exclusive epilogue to the game and will cost you a hundred
microsoft points or ten dollars do want so that looks pretty awesome and of
course they're also going to have you know the photo part of the game coming
back as well for that is so nice little after Christmas gift there and then
finally section 8 which was a first-person shooter came out last
August or I should say August 09 that actually did ok retail and was a full
price game when it came out but now for the sequel prejudice they've decided hey
instead of you know charging $60 for a game we're just gonna actually put it
out on xbox live arcade in the PlayStation Network as well as PC for
only $15 so that's pretty awesome that they went ahead and they're gonna put
out full game for the $15 and it's gonna also include a single-player campaign
support for up to 32 players and online multiplayer and a new four-player co-op
mode called swarm says offline players will also be able to partake in
multiplayer as the game can add bots in case you don't have your friends or
internet connection to play against
cool and what they're saying I think the way they're going to come about making
up some of the money they would have made from a retail version is they're
gonna have this substantial download content so that's pretty substantial
download content as opposed to like just a little bit yes
alright this is a very interesting game coming to the iPad iPhone and the
Macintosh it's called Hamlet the game yes that's right and Hamlet's taking out
the trash only it's not really is that Hamlet 2 no that was from last action
hero oh I should be or not to be I've got to be have you seen Hamlet 2 no it's
the dumbest fucking movie is there still kids here I'm hoping not as the doors
wide open is there still kids here I don't think so okay good it's the
dumbest fucking movie ever made but it's it's like so dumb it's kind of funny so
anyway I was able to but this actually is not really what you would think it
is in fact there's a whole little trailer out there for the game and I
kind of like it's very like stylized I like that style it's a kind of like that
limbo esque thing going on there yeah it's all coming out January 2011 I'm
playing the trailer here in studio it's an adventure game this does not look
like Hamlet to play to me but it is based on Shakespeare's Hamlet so I have
no idea how that works see now we need the disaster gay friend to show up what
you're doing what what are you doing I know right apparently the rest of the
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 roster has been revealed it's spoiled that is if you
believe the dirty internet rumors Cienko from Darkstalkers sweet Akuma from
Street Fighter Haggar from Final Fight really yes that's awesome actually
Phoenix the x-men sentinel from the x-men taskmaster Avengers ish Galactus
is the final boss in the fight fantastic for taskmasters be interesting so there
you go apparently some other characters that were planned for the game but they
didn't make it Phoenix Wright Megaman venom and Frank West were all planned
for the game but it just didn't happen I'm kind of sad that Frank West won't
show up that's kind of surprising but then again he's not the central
character in the new game so I don't know it would have been an easy port
since I you know totsunoko vs. Capcom had him but you would think right
taskmaster taskmaster actually makes sense because he was a regular in a dead
in the old older Deadpool comic for a while right well hey if you like RPGs and
you own a PSP and you like when I say RPGs I mean like old-school RPGs then
like seriously like there is an awesome incredible must-have game that was
announced for the PSP this week it's going to be so awesome I can't wait like
like get the dust off the PSP break them out
Squeenix has announced that they are bringing Final Fantasy 4 to the PSP and
this is not the 3d version that was on the DS but it's being redone in 2d
with the graphics in HD allah the Final Fantasy 1 & 2 remakes but here's the
thing it's not just Final Fantasy 4 it's also the after years on one disc that
was the mobile game that came out on we wear and that is also being upgraded to
the new treatment so that is awesome Final Fantasy 4 complete collection for
the PSP was revealed by V jump magazine in Japan this week keep in mind this is
only officially been announced for Japan but I can't see how this game isn't
coming out over here I mean this just oh man this is just awesome so there it is
it's coming out in Japan this spring probably the u.s. and what summer next
holiday not soon enough there it is that's the news I got still trying to
find that one cover so I can show the chat room but how about something else
Final Fantasy related Rob sure Final Fantasy Tactics it's the war of on the
lions was supposed to come out on September 15th but then it got delayed
so dead they are giving it a release window spring 2011 for the iPhone and
put some pictures up on Facebook they were plugging that at e3 this year
after taking a while to get out I wonder what's going on with it but it looks
cute take the time to get it right don't really something buggy that's fine by me
agreed and also in this should make people pretty happy is that there's new
rock band download content for Christmas it actually is a happy Christmas war is
over which is a John Lennon and Yoko Ono that's pretty cool and then put out put
that's wrong on Jean I think by an a and these mob by BB Bruns and very dumb long
hair which is by BAP Nuren wart by worse in Helden phantasma by Linnea
probito by this lit filba there jerk it out by Caesars there's a lot of a
worldly music this week it sounds like yeah meet the only one I care about is
the first one there's been a lot of John Lennon love and rock band three because
he released one of his albums too there was also well the all the Beatles stuff
got released too well sure of course there was the Beatles there was the
anniversary ah that's right there was a like a re-release album that's right
yeah very cool what else dream cast there's actually been a confirmation of
a dream cast collection GameStop has a listing for it supposedly out of
September September why I'm saying September February that sounds like a
holiday month FAP timber February 15th for $30 but there's really not a whole
lot saying just that there is something by the Sega marketing VP Alan Pritchard
says and this is a quote we actually have a dreamcast collection coming out
soon but how descriptive yeah that's a nothing PSO or GTFO right right but I'll
take Space Channel 5 Space Channel 5 I like how she's okay I like just how
completely emotionless she says it in the Japanese version whereas you got
Apollo smile who was the most annoying person in the universe being all
fabulous and everything in the u.s. one and then the Japanese only have Space
Channel 5 okay by the way I just had to point this out in our chat room at chat
that orange on tradie calm bochi kawa says FAP timber sounds good let's make
it now so Frisbee says jerk you airy I'm trying to say September FAP timber
Bob's dirty you know it wouldn't be hard to get people to participate I mean you
have what you have nano Remo right the writing month where I was supposed to
write a novel I mean how many people can actually write the whole damn novel
right November beard where you're supposed to be growing out of beard to
the entire month but I think FAP timber is something everybody can participate
in you know what I mean come on dark soccer we should start making banners
and buttons I'm still trying to find Deadpool on a moped okay you have fun
with that all right we're gonna go to the Twitter topics at twitter.com slash
o LR you know it's funny I haven't even like pulled up the Twitter all yet I'm
willing get in the chat room what do you it's a picture of Deadpool with task
master on a moped that's supposed to done look like the bike from the era I
like all these suddenly we are getting all these unsolicited names from you
know that timber we have sex timber and cocktober and Jessica Harper is quick to
point out women don't FAP we squick I didn't know that was the term for it
I've learned something new on this episode of orange lounge radio quick I
thought it was click I just I always heard like clicking the mouse so what we
have post you're wearing what all right we're getting all this bullshit spam
coming from somebody I got a block this user real quick as I seriously I can't
read our Twitter because it's so bad I hate spammers on Twitter they all need
to die in a fire don't you think so how about a how about a boat fire seriously
let's try this again Twitter and filter that guy out yay much better
wow there's like no tweets tonight what is up with this all right well spasm
ater sent us one there's two free vids on PlayStation Network again oh good we
like free vids we're getting the free vid update from spasm ater there's two
free vids on PSN again the pilots to a new ish anime series and a promo for
robot chicken Star Wars three free promo spasm ater also wants to know is wow
cataclysm shirmee approved moles jk has a I don't know I sure me voiced an
opinion on no but um our overseas friend Rob sent me a card this says Merry
fucking Christmas on it mm-hmm I love that card and he said because of shirme
all right sj100 Matt I just want you to know I see your tweet but it's a story
that's coming up later in the show so we'll get to it and I don't think I've
seen this one in our show world tonight tiger cloth 305 messages this us with
this one speed network is going to air a Gran Turismo 5 reality show I don't
remember hearing about this although I thought I also did I don't remember but
anyway we'll read it anyway Sony and polyphony digital are going to be doing
a competition around Gran Turismo 5 they're partnering with Nissan it's a
multi-phase gaming event it's going to be on the speed network in 2011 the
competition itself already began on December 15th you use a pre-selected
Nissan vehicle and Gran Turismo 5 earning free digital content for
competing and you got to be one of the top 32 virtual racers in the u.s. if you
are one of the top 32 you will compete in March 2011 to be one of 16 finalists
and then you get to drive real Nissan racers that's according to the
announcement the final winner will get to join the GT Academy they will train
with professional drivers at tracks around the world and join a professional
racing team and I guess it's all going to be televised like a reality show so
if you've ever wanted to be on a reality show and you're I don't know you're good
at grand Gran Turismo 5 then go for it should be fun that's it for Twitter
topics if you want to send us a tweet twitter.com slash o-l-r moving on to some
other news Loki yes we were talking a little bit about the inclusion of the
unreal development kit for iOS well one of the first games to take advantage of
that was Infinity Blade and if any blade did pretty well with its launch it made
1.7 million dollars in four days and that's pretty good for being a six
dollar game they sold it over two hundred and eighty six thousand times and
it's the fastest-grossing app ever according to the website app moto wow
the old record I guess was held by cut the rope which was 1 million dollars in
10 days I didn't realize cut the rope had caught on so quickly I thought cut
the right I mean I've heard of cut the rope but I thought it was one of I've
never played it though but I thought it was one of those games that kind of
slowly grew and popular and actually I could stand to correct it apparently
epic Mark rain he said that the game center numbers are being reported are
quite a bit lower than the actual sales so more than 1.7 million hmm says the
says I tweeted because I thought that it'd be obvious that the game center
numbers are a subset of our overall sales and not the actual number but
several of the reports I saw seem to be confused about that also infinity blade
does not require game center you can choose to cancel and still play the game
however I recommend signing up for game center Apple has done a great job yeah
right I'm sorry that's where I lost him right there did you hear speaking of
like failed Apple launches did you hear ping got some new additions in the last
week remember paying huh well you know what ping is no whatever first off
whatever happened to pooping there was that website one of our listeners made
the pooping site but anyway no ping has now you can share playlists with your
friends you can share playlists of songs that you know you could go and then buy
on iTunes hey that's finally it's finally a feature of paying the Twitter
doesn't have however insignificant it may be
so you know other fun stuff infinity blades getting an update next week
they're gonna be adding some new enemies to face because I think from what I
heard there's only like six that you face each time play through the game and
they're also going to be adding multiplayer soon which is pretty
awesome and also five new weapons five new shields five new helmets a new armor
set enough equipment to increase the level cap to 45 and then of course the
new enemy type called the morrow fiend or marrow fiend and that's screenshots
from a frickin iPhone yes it is Alex outstanding I have not I will have to
show it to you you at some point we're not trying to do a radio show I'm in
later I know I know I know all right during our music break after the show
alright sounds good let's talk about sex now that I have your attention let's
talk about this new thing that's on the thingy it's on the connect yeah here's
the deal we were talking earlier about connect tax and you know you people can
play the piano and and people can do you know whatever these 3d dancing and all
these sorts of things that connect well it didn't take long for somebody to
think of sex and it's from tricks with three X's that's tricks tricks they have
built a connect based interface for a sex video game you slide your hands
across computer-generated tits and computer-generated ass that's really all
there is right now there's just a little floaty hand that is your hand that gets
to rub some fake boobies the Kinect hardware is used plus some of the open
drivers in Windows 7 is how it works and unfortunately I would play the video for
you but it was removed from YouTube because some people reported it for
nudity and sexual content boo ruining all our fun boo it's just like all the
other sex games that they have out there like all the anime ones stuff where you
use the mouse and stuff instead of using the mouse use your hand it's honestly
not that exciting people it is not it's it's pretty much exactly what we said
you rub this magical floaty hand over boobs and the chick goes you know boobs
anyway you might be wondering when this is coming out for the Xbox 360 really
you're really wondering that here's the thing Microsoft is pretty much said hell
no in an interview with IGN they said quote Xbox is a family-friendly games and
entertainment console and does not allow adults only content to be certified for
use on its platform and would not condone this type of game for Kinect hold
on hold on stop right there really IGN really you went and asked them like it
was a completely obvious to begin with that this was a first off never going to
come out on a console be it was just a PC game anyways and see it wasn't that
interesting of an idea but no you have the spare time to go ask them this so
you can get a comment so that you can get some more pages good job I agree but
at the same time maybe you should dedicate a podcast to that too because
they have like 80,000 podcast it's kind of bullshit because you know and I'm
probably preaching to the choir here but if somebody really wants to waste $60 on
this then you know what let them you know how is this any worse than some of
the bang-bang shoot-em-up games that are out there like I don't know mafia 2 that
was brought up earlier in the show all right I'm so double standard of sex
versus there is a double standard and I bet you anything this will come out in
Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball 3 where they will have it where you can
tickle them with yes it's just tickling and it's just a giant feather that's in
your hand it's not actually your hand but it's a giant feather and you can go
tickle tickle tickle tickle and they'll go hee hee hee and their boobs will move yeah but that'll be okay
that'll be all right DarkSakura would you play Dead or Alive if it had a booby
tickling connect mode yes you should be able to unlock them I think that I think
that they should have the dudes in the game
ok this is the thing boobs are a lot more fun than junk like for bounciness
ok I'll with you on that so why don't they have one with dudes and speedos and
everything I'm surprised they don't have like a beach you know beach where mode
in like Dead or Alive you know wasn't there the whole volleyball game but I'm
talking about like actual fighting you know I don't know how I feel about this
chat dot orange laundry dot com longs got I don't know in our chat room says
poop should be cool in video games no I don't think that's ever really cool like
some things you know again if that's what somebody really wants to pay 60
bucks on his poop the game then you know what I mean you can poop for free like
every day just eat more fiber you know but tickling chicks with feathers that
one that's not every day unless you're a rockstar PC indie game where you had the
poop don't shit your pants anything is possible on the PC and that's what
that's why folks PC gaming will never cease to exist in you think that poop is
not in games yet or at least not enough in games just wait Duke Nukem forever
hasn't come out yet so I'm sure there'll be plenty of poop in that I love this
oh my god is the best constant comment ever and I can't pronounce this name
kassan khan khan with an s says too long so god about his old poop thing fiber
uppercut you win you win chatter of the evening right there sound the bells and
whistles be me me dude whose name I can't pronounce kassen kassen congrats
fiber uppercut you win alrighty hell only on orange launch radio maybe we
could get away from the sex topic for a minute here dark Sakura do you have
something maybe a little more legitimate for us shadow the hedgehog
barf barf barf barf serious yeah well basically Sega wanted to describe what
when it is talk about why we got shadow the hedgehog they thought it would work
for US gamers the producer of sonic colors Takashi Iizuka said after Sonic
adventure we had two studios when the US one in Japan and to continue the quote
Japanese studio was to develop a sonic game in the standard style in the US was
to develop something different which could contribute to the sonic franchise
so basically he was made to work in the US because first and third person
shooters were popular and they wanted someone who could work with it hence we
got you know shadow the gangsta hedgehog so but what they'd have to realize is
that we like sonic because it's not standard american fair file this under
the Americans are so stupid been more like don't try to estimate what a
completely different cultures going to like why is it that like every time
there's a game is like targeted at America it usually like really stinks I
don't know maybe I'm just doing an overall broad it was a cool character
really well-designed but other than that the concept was just crap it had
potential I mean it was you know signed a hedgehog guns I mean how do you make
things better yet guns to it or boobs you know or both but somehow they just
said you know what instead of making it run fast and stuff we're just gonna make
him have guns colors gonna be so much nicer I'm looking forward already I was
there but I can't afford it right now there is a game that was like targeted
for the u.s. or whatever that wasn't that bad secret of evermore was horribly
underrated like it actually was a good game yeah I had that I had the super
news I probably still have the Super Nintendo Kart in a bin somewhere but
yeah that was not as terrible as people made it out to me I mean it was no second
to set so three but it was good in its own way and wasn't that the first game
that what's his name the guy who does all the music for like Guild Wars and
oblivion Jeremy's soul so they he did that was like his first soundtrack I
think was secret evermore so I guess it's rare but it does happen occasionally
let's move on yes now I'm gonna try to report this without sounding hateful
try not very hard great use a low-key rants and I'm just saying graders both
eyes creator wants to add monthly updates that that's fine that that's
cool plans premium car upgrades later on stuff like that so basically they're
saying that they don't consider their work complete yet really you think that
game wasn't rushed to market because it's been you know in development for
years now and they really need to get it out this year because the lane again
people just kind of roll their eyes at them but you know there's only about
fifth of the vehicles that represent in the game right now with premium models
which feature higher resolution textures yes that's right some of the good models
in the game are quite as finished as others but don't worry they're going to
be adding patches later on to add some new items including new premium cars
available for download and they haven't said yet whether those updates will be
free great so you could pay or possibly pay more for more of your game that you
purchase that isn't quite done yet but don't worry they'll finish it someday
and they'll call it Gran Turismo 6 when do you think do you think Gran Turismo 6 is
going to come out for the ps3 or do you think we're gonna wait for the next
system next console yeah what about that whole 10-year life cycle thing we're
only what four years old don't worry Gran Turismo 6 prologue will be coming
out you know and it'll be totally like the game was I mean man that's guys well
I don't know if it's got a suck for the people that bought prologue I mean I
think that's a dumb idea to buy the game anyways the prologue cuz what's the
point nearly paying for a demo basically oh no no it's a full-featured game with
like new very few cars but all right well oh sorry and no it's on demo all
right coming also to the PlayStation 3 very soon and a lot of people are
excited about this even though this game was already out some time ago Mass
Effect 2 is coming out to the PlayStation 3 but there's some you know
some tweaks and some upgrades and some new things Mass Effect 3 of course is
coming out in 2011 but you of course have this whole weird thing going on
where Mass Effect 2 is coming out on the PlayStation 3 but Mass Effect 1 never
came out so if I don't own an Xbox how do I get that experience of Mass Effect
1 well they've figured it out there's an interactive comic that's gonna come with
Mass Effect 2 called Mass Effect Genesis and what it does is it kind of is a
really quick like play I don't say it's a playthrough because it's a comic but
it's a real quick summary I guess of the 360 and the PC game Mass Effect 1 but
you also get to actually do some things in this comic that you did in the
original game you get to make they're saying six decisions that you made in
Mass Effect 1 that will now impact your Mass Effect 2 game I hope one of those
decisions is making sweet sweet love to the alien chick yes it wasn't the whole
lesbian thing in Mass Effect 1 that that hopefully that is one decision but I'm
not gonna hold my breath but yeah apparently you will get to make some of
the decisions and have your game impacted just like you could play Mass
Effect 1 and have your game get impacted in Mass Effect 2 so that's kind of neat
so a PlayStation 3 gamer will get to start the game do the opening sequence
and then they're gonna go into this comic that I guess will then impact the
game later on so that's kind of cool I like that so that again that is coming
out in January Mass Effect 1 they are saying is not gonna come out for the
PlayStation 3 because they're gonna move on to Mass Effect 3 so this is as close
as you're ever gonna get unless you happen to own a PC which you probably do
if you're listening to show and you can go play Mass Effect 1 I don't know if
Mac has Mass Effect 1 if it is if it does it's probably on Steam there you go
we're gonna go now to the mailbag where folks can send us emails at mailbag at
orange lounge radio.com and every week we read your emails live here on air and
respond to them mailbag at orange lounge radio.com two emails first one hi
everyone I have a question that can possibly that can possibly answered I
mean that should be be answered by the OLR gang and chat room I'm an avid
knitter and I'm looking for a video game character garments that look like they
were knitted the only two examples I can think of are Riku's scarf from Final
Fantasy 10 2 and Nora S. Theum sweater slash vest in Final Fantasy 13 pictures
attached I've got no problems no projects going on and I'm waiting to
start Nora's sweater slash vest as soon as I get patterns from someone to make
them up for me because I don't know anything about sewing and patterns
thanks so much Stan PS last time I wrote in I was telling you about how a friend
said I wasn't a gamer because I didn't like certain games well I confronted him
and we're cool now in fact the other friend was with us when I brought it up
and made them both listen to that episode of your show and now he's a fan
did I already share this I didn't know oh well I don't think so that's kind of
cool that's really awesome that we can like make fun of your friend and he's
still a fan of the show awesome I'm checking out this oh yeah yeah you're
into the whole knitting thing wouldn't I crochet Rob oh I always get the two
confused yeah knitting I think you can do more with knitting but I I don't have
the coordination for it now when it when I tried to learn again it really made my
hand hurt I mean crochet will do it to me after a while because I finished a
hat for Becky that was really yeah but you got that whole trigger finger thing
still don't you like you know residual stuff from when that was really
bothering you well I'm sure there's also characters that wear hats um yeah I
would think like a lot of like I don't know I for some reason I think of the
Zelda world I also think of a game you should look up as eternal Sonata like I
don't know if there was a lot but I don't know why I just think of that game
but something that could be like a creative idea like if you're really
looking for projects that you know I kind of see these things online once in
a while and I always thought they were kind of cool like look up 8-bit sprites
and there's a lot of websites around that have like 8-bit 8-bit right
repositories needle craft really cuz I was gonna say you could do I mean but
still it kind of gives you an idea like how to knit like if you want to make
like a blanket or some other type of throw or something I can't believe I'm
actually talking about knitting you can get some ideas for patterns from like
old-school 8-bit sprites I would think I mean not gonna get clothes patterns but
I have to sit and draw it but I did have a plan for a much later project of
crocheting a Tetris blanket oh that's fun I'd crochet it actually in the blocks
and then attach the box with yarn but I right now I don't have the time or
patience for it what about like a pillow front thing or is that more of a needle
point you could crochet a sham hmm but but as far as like actual clothing
gosh nothing really comes to mind for me I think the best place to go would be
RPGs and I don't know why but I'm thinking of the characters from eternal
sonata like I've seen one that had a lot of knitting type stuff I don't know I
don't know does Dan know the Dan do you know video game characters that wear
knitted outfits did he give you the face what he just gave me this face of shit
no no Rob I don't earthbound that's that's Ness's sweat oh my gosh knitting
advice from Dan Ness's sweater could very well be knitted what a wonderful
idea who would have thought this Freddy Krueger hey dude I'm on the street that
was a game all right dad goes that Dan goes a really bad game now did he send
pictures of his projects cuz I'm seeing pictures of the characters okay well we
need to see pictures of your work so we'll be awaiting those pictures that's
a really see I think in a lot of games don't have that level of detail in the
character design like you know that picture from Final Fantasy 3 of one of
the characters is so high-def and so detailed I think you kind of have to go
to old-school video games that quote use your imagination a little more because
you can't ever see the detail of clothes in a lot of games to know if they were
knitted or not you know well last email hey guys hey for festivals slash
December wien one of my friends gifted me with her PlayStation 2 which she no
longer uses nice gift this extremely this is extremely awesome considering
that one of my evil exes took my old ps2 the downside is that the only ps2 game I
still own his Final Fantasy 10 how about helping me to rebuild my ps2 library by
suggesting a few good games for me to buy thanks
tiara ps I'm gonna rob I want to be on hardhouse 11d I wanted her on last week
but it didn't work out so I'll talk to you offline tiara we do want to have you
on as a guest so maybe next week we got to find a Thursday that you're free but
anyway ps2 games ps2 games I silent any of the silent Hills absolutely no games
actually I would say get Silent Hill 2 & 3 if tiara owns Final Fantasy 10
then I'm gonna I'm gonna guess that she's a roleplay game type fan so
definitely 10 to 12 was horrifically underrated because it came out right
with the news yeah that's a good one I think the dot hack games were always
really underrated it's that whole simulated MMO thing but they're a little
more action II I think those are really good to look into I can't remember the
name of the first one it's dot hack volume one infection thank you Dan
Daniels magic pen gel was an underlooked RPG game that's where you could draw
wieners and then they could go into battle and stuff we had a lot of fun on
that with that game in the early days of the show and graffiti Kingdom of course
there are tons and tons of DDR games if you want to get your music game thing on
amplitude and frequency are both very good games even though you can't play
amplitude online anymore I get the space channel 5 package their space channel 5
part 1 & 2 were released together combined I'm unwinding my thing and I'm
going into the vault I'm trying to think of like other epic ps2 games that came
out dark soccer is actually taking her microphone into the vault it gets your
suggestions some folks in chat not fans of Final Fantasy 12 actually it won't
reach Jessica Harper is suggesting Kingdom hearts of course Kingdom fart
that's a great one solar flare suggests rez that's a good one as well I'll show
you rez long sagat suggests the metal slug anthology that's always a good one
as well then they'll get solid games good ps2 games you need to have katamari
damashii from ronma get the old grand theft guys and in various yes Dragon
Quest 8 was awesome Grand Theft Auto San Andreas it's still awesome today okay so
tiara that's like that's like $200 worth of video games we just suggested to you
however I will vary I will lend you my Final Fantasy 12 if you're interested I
actually have a shit ton of ps2 games I'm not playing either if she wants to
borrow some of mine maybe we'll send you stuffs just to be nice and then like
what we can do what we'll do we'll send them and you can borrow them until I
come to Vegas because I really want to get to Vegas next year all right maybe
someone might be bringing some of them in person maybe be awesome if one does
not broke all right good suggestions guys oh gosh more more of them just real
quickly xena she she actually sent me a message who a zillion games zena saga 1
and 3 yakuza Metal Gear Solid 2 Shadow of the Colossus I go sorry tiara that
zillion is actually on the Sega Master System all right that's it for the
emails tonight mailbag at orange lounge radio.com if you want to send us some
emails for next week Jessica Harper is saying I want to go to Vegas take me to
but if you haven't heard that episode of the show just make sure that Jessica
doesn't run into any DDR freak people because you never know what what freaky
things might happen I'm just playing I'm just messing because I can all right
that's just serious I know all right let's get to the FUs of the week it's
the part of the show where we get angsty
um I really don't have an FU to be honest I'm actually having a great week
I passed algebra so I'm gonna say F you to the Photoshop selection tool that's
it Loki do you have an FU of the week I yeah F you the Comcast surprise yeah no
big surprise yeah fuck them for not being able to hook up my cable correctly
it apparently takes them numerous crews to do something very simple like running
a drop to the street apparently they have a crew that specializes in
underground installations oh but that crew doesn't know how to actually hook
up anything they have to send out another crew to hook it up to the street
oh but that guy doesn't know actually how to hook it up to the house and send
another guy to the house to hook it up at the house oh but that guy needs to
have you know a person assess what needs to be hooked up first so they have to
send somebody else out why don't you just I don't know train everybody for
everything because I'm sure it's not going to be that difficult to teach
somebody how to crimp on a new connector for a goddamn coax cable hell I did it
myself I was about to install my own damn cable when I was like hey you know
what why the hell am I doing this so yes they really need to I don't know get
their shit straight um gosh I don't really have a strong F you and to
follow up to that but I will say F you to traffic I had to drive to the Bay
Area on Friday night and it took me like three and a half hours to get there
thanks to a traffic jam on 880 so F you 880 you suck Dan the Manson house you
want to give an F you it should be on hello hello hey there I'd like to throw
a nephew to God or at least the weather for really sucking ass right before I
have to drive for like 15 hours thanks that's real cute it's all real nice real
real good the week that I have to drive someplace snow and rain and crap from
the sky and who else can I blame god suck it in mother nature and he was
also really pissed at me because I saw Tron on Tuesday yeah but Dan got over it
because he saw it I'm gonna say this for the record I don't know what my wife's
problem is but I'm a fair man I got to go to the Tron sneak preview and I'm Max
and I didn't tell her a lot about it cuz you don't want to hear about it she's a
little better so she got was too so she got me so she got to go to the Tron
sneak preview and I was a little bitter but I wasn't gonna be like no and it all
worked out fine for me because thanks to the unstoppable pimp Matt I got to go
see it for free and it was awesome it was awesome
so I'm throwing F you to Jamie for going to see Connor fucker fucker right in the
air what put your fucking hand down I got your mic now this is my show I'm
taking over it's Dan lounge radio oh no it's a Dan coo not fucking I'm leaving
stay black
elbow me thank you dad black cock uh-huh what happened to the show one minute
we're just giving our little F use and reading emails and and now we're just
giving out the hot dickings wait that's dr. Tran Jessica's in chat saying I
deserve that if you sorry Dan no just don't know no Dan Dan's yelling for the
other room it ain't her fault it ain't her fault he's he's clear from that's
right you got it you got to act on those opportunities you got to all right
anyhow let's move on to where we at the Skype line no we got a couple more
stories and then the Skype like Dan get a mic or GTFO all right 1877 game olr
just a little bit right after two more stories for you guys Loki when I first
saw this headline I was like sweet Xbox is finally getting all risque cuz they
said goodbye gal gun panties I was like ooh I didn't think they would go there
but no it's not unfortunately what I thought it was they're actually
censoring the game and removing the panty shots so now you know the chick
has a different angle in her here per ponytail houses me covering her panty
line and that kind of stuff apparently I guess 79 days before the game's released
in Japan Microsoft call the meeting with the gal gun developer alchemist and they
just basically said you know what we're gonna have to censor the game and not
put all these panty shots in there but that's the point how are you gonna sell
the game now they're saying now I don't know that they're just basically because
I guess the game I don't know if the game uses the connector whatever maybe
that you know they're trying to gear more towards like a family gamer now I
don't I think they really game is fun for the whole family hot chicks bending
over XNA game come on XNA here's something you use the connect for
spanking when those when those naughty girls bend over you can spank them with
the connect come on you know you want it what spanking game yesterday the Loki
not my forte but you know the way for that who am I to judge other people you
are here's here's a great story you're in love this and this is totally a time
with what we're talking about and stuff there is a comic that was on Kotaku the
ran a thing it was a visual guide to in fact I gotta find it real quick so I
can show you in studio here is a visual guide to the ESRB and it showed a chick
so and she was segmented as it went down so the E was her head T was you know her
cleavage M was you know her naked naked vagina I guess censored obviously
because it's you know it's classy and AO was tentacles sneaking up and now he's
like what is that like it's it's tentacle rape and well it's something
that's popular in Japan what she was unaware of the whole tentacle rape scene
I guess you know Tiger Claw in our chat room says maybe it's the game parents
will use when kids ask them where do babies come from they go solar flare in
our chair in the chat dot orange on twitter.com says Rob spanking teaches
kids to hit one more story for you guys and has to do with indie games and the
Humble Bundle Humble Bundle 2 was released this past week and in less than
24 hours after its release it got over $500,000 in revenue this is notable
because this is one of those pay what you want type of games and five games
for whatever you want to pay for it DRM free the biggest pair was Marcus person
who spent $2,000 you might know him a little better as the guy who made
Minecraft pay $2,000 for the set which you know he's sitting pretty right now
with the whole Minecraft stuff Infinity Ward's Robert bowling spent $500 on the
pack so there you go the average price that people are paying for this seven
dollars and change the pack comes with braid cortex command machinarium osmose
and revenge of the Titans you can divide your payments between the developers the
electronic frontier front foundation and child's play charity so in other words
if you don't want to pay the developers you want a hundred percent of your
donation go to child's play go for it that indeed is some developers being
very humble in allowing that to be sold very cool twitter.com slash humble for
more information on that all right very cool we're gonna go to the skype line
now let me open it up I don't have it open right now now it's open 1 8 7 7
game olr if you want to give us a call or our username on skype orange lounge
radio remember if you are gonna give us a call on skype you do want to give echo
1 2 3 a call first to make sure your connection works please please do us all
a favor if you're on skype itself echo 1 2 3 the 800 numbers a lot easier
because all you need for that's a phone that's 8 7 7 game olr while we wait for
some calls because there's a little bit of a delay between when I ask for calls
when they start coming in Loki do you have any last-minute stories for us no I
don't I'm starting a new trend by trying icing a picture of myself and like
people were doing with avatar oh really oh that's kind of cute what you're doing
yeah I'm surprised there's no like filter thingy on Photoshop or one of
those programs that will kind of automatically do something ish so all
right well let's go to the phone we get a call coming in hi you are you look hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this hey this is excellent hi excellent what's
on your mind buddy you forgot about one game series in particular for the ps2
and I'm quite upset at you for doing this Rob all right persona series ah I
thought somebody in chat said persona and I said it my bad no anything actually
any title with Atlas is pretty much gold I haven't come across really one game
from Alice is really so terrible that would not talk about it actually they
have a really good game on ps3 a demon sword or no what am I thinking nope nope
scratch that demon souls is the game that's out on ps3 that's that's a great
ps3 exclusive game in fact I believe it was just given a price reduction because
in the greatest hit series and servers think one of the stories that missed our
show all this week but I remember reading the servers are gonna be open
through at least March 2011 if not beyond I think definitely if you're
looking for a long series of playtime with a role-playing game dot hack series
is really really good there was the four games and then there was three for the G
the GU which was happening right after so they keep the storyline pretty much
intact throughout the whole thing but it's really cool how you can take your
safe game from the first up from the first game but in the second take their
stages the second game into the third the third game into the fourth so you
can carry it on and then if you take it and put into the new series which
happened few years after that they'll give you cool bonuses for doing so so I
it pays to play it's really good ray craft in our
Chatham is correcting me saying demon souls isn't an atlas game they just
published it well still still is a great game but it has their name by it so SSJ
100 they don't put their name behind sucky game so right as we don't get
president cat and everything will be well exactly they need yet at president
cat SSJ 100 Matt is also saying Disgaea now there's there's a good good
suggestion and also also if you happen to be in a Japanese region earth defense
force 2 ooh good thought very good thought so what else is on your mind
excellent what anything else fun and exciting going on in your gaming world
well I don't know well I'm kind of disappointed you have invited me onto
your show yet either considering that was the number one achieving core and
your guilt for quite a while if I remember correctly before it's there
someone took my spot but that's quite okay because you know I'm not gonna be
better anything about that and you shouldn't be there's been thankfully
there's been a lot of people that have wanted to be on so we're trying to give
everybody a shot I know I'm playing rice princess was only on because we kind of
needed someone in someone quickly so she came back on twice but we're gonna get
we're gonna get lots of people on so that's cool but yeah I'm very much
enjoying cataclysm keeping up to the wee hours in the morning playing all the
different stuff for how many hours have you spent on your archaeology only you
know what it hasn't been that long believe it or not I spend almost
probably in my two days probably give or take wow that's still a long time you're
probably only up to level like 200 or I'm 420 I'm almost 425 20 or 25 nice I
got excited because today I'm doing fossils or whatever and my next dig is
going to be a pet oh there you go some pet the Raptor right yeah the little
Raptor fossil raptor so that's that and actually makes me jealous because some
of the battlegrounds now for like the mountain people met up there you think
version of it and actually this will make you really jealous because you're
an achievement whore and I'll leave you on this do you know what achievement I
got today hmm stood in the fire oh really you're
death wing showed up while I was doing archaeology alright did you survive or
did you actually I actually survived not to turn this into the Wow show but I
actually survived because what I did I flew through the fire instead of getting
on the ground and like I don't the timing or something worked out I got the
achievement and didn't die my friend she was in ratchet and she actually lived
with like one hit point or something was weird but nice you couldn't believe it
she's like yeah I actually got an achievement but yet I live and she took
an awesome screenshot of the town I mean just totally engulfed in flames
everywhere I mean you couldn't even really tell it was bad for a bit because
of the flames in the background but it was a really cool screenshot good times
all right well I should let you go before the Wow haters come out and start
whatever what I'm paying too much wow and welcome to the gale Jamie okay take
care excellent she's busy on her Tron pick later all right bye all right one
eight seven seven game olr do you hear that dr. Sarkar he said welcome to the
guild she has a pen in her mouth right now no I heard thank you see Rob season
four you have your little tronny looking headband working lies okay
that was like fun eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype is orange
lounge radio if you want to give us a call but we got a call coming in right
now hi you're on orange launch radio who's this this would be miss Jessica
Harper hi Jessica Harper how are you I am doing just fine how are you guys
doing great so glad to have you back on the show what's new I actually came with
an agenda tonight Oh something that I believe you guys spoke about before as
per my conversation with Jamie but we have us olr madness we are currently
taking your top 25 lists and unfortunately we haven't received as
many as we would like so you know what it is they're a bunch of procrastinators
yeah I know but the deadline is coming up and and since us all will be on
hiatus just based on how the holidays fall Oh since we have you know Christmas
on a Saturday and then New Year's Eve on a Saturday yikes yeah yeah kind of puts
us in a little bit of a hiatus so I thought I'd come and you know be a pain
and you got in your ass and you know no worries on your show we did we think
it's great what you guys do over there why why why us l olr madness because it
is the way that you the gaming audience can actually get your voice out there
and be heard and you know show what the real games that people love are rather
than those that are just being you know highly profitable because people are
spending way too much money on stupid shit and it won't be rigged for Final
Fantasy 7 like the game facts contests are every year every year it's Final
Fantasy 7 something yeah exactly now father seven could we could win it has
been in the top like 16 but I don't believe it's won a madness title yet I
don't believe so I don't say for certain but I don't believe so I don't think any
Final Fantasy game has come to think of it I know Super Metroid's one chrono
triggers one and I think Mario Brothers 3 has won a couple times and chrono
trigger is up there very very very far it's all the listeners wanting to spite
me for saying it's overrated if anybody wants to get their top 25 listed and has
not yet just go ahead and formulate your top 25 list send it to usl madness at
gmail.com we will tack it on in with the rest of the votes and deadline is
January 3rd so get your votes in and we will be starting right after the
holidays excited to see it I'm trying to pull up my list that I had actually sent
to Bresl so I can give you a little taste taste of what I'm rooting for here
hold on I'm trying to pull it up my email archive here I said I set my list
on November 30th because I'm a very good boy you're a good boy um here I'll give
you just a little taste my number one game of course was Super Metroid I mean
it is the best game ever my number two game this year was the civilization
series I think between five out this year and four being so epic and the
original being so awesome I think Civ is deserving of a spot that high up and
just you know with five this year I was just like oh this is all amazeballs my
number three game was Castlevania Symphony of the night Metroidvania of
course you've got to put it up high up there and my four number four game this
year Final Fantasy six so I did put a file has a game in my top five um my
number 25 game I'm not gonna read the whole list for you guys my number 25
game this year cuz I always like to be controversial and put something kind of
like really random in there plants versus zombies you know I put plants
versus zombies on my list too oh maybe it'll make the top 64 then but that's
the weird thing is that John has been keeping good track of things and it has
not breached the top 25 recently hmm during the initial voting it was one of
the top 25 and it did get pushed out it's not even in the bubble zone right
now so well if you love plants versus zombies you better put it on your list
if you think plants and zombies is the greatest game ever made you better hurry
the hell up and get in there yes
awesome well what else anything else going on in your world Jessica sure
well I got a new computer and I have a brand new video card that I'm ready to
put into it but it is a slim computer and while I did get a low-profile card I
do not have the proper brackets for it so I'm in a holding pattern once again
and just waiting for my brackets so I can put my new video card in actually
start doing some decent PC gaming so I I actually had something similar happen
when I bought a new video card it was so uber it wouldn't fit in there with the
power supply so we had to get a new power supply as well to make it all work
yeah yeah no it's it's gonna be a very tight squeeze and I'm not quite sure
exactly how it's gonna work but I'll make it work dammit there you go so when
he's signing up for Wow no I'm kidding no I have a feeling that I might end up
with Star Trek online somewhere in my mailbox at some point I'm not sure so if
you want a 10-day trial let me know I may still have another card dark soccer's
recruiting we shall see we shall see all right oh yeah and of course that of
course Travis is a big fan of that too is Disney so yes I wouldn't be surprised
at all all right well Jessica good luck with the new PC I hope it brings you
lots of gaming joy this holiday season and I think so already bought brought me
Plants vs. Zombies so there we go best of luck with everything going on at
under station live sorry to hear about the bad timing of the holidays this year
but hey enjoy the break oh thank you very much all right take care have a
good night guys too well hey Rob I also need to say speaking of plugs as
everyone go to geek-life.com we've got a year-end thing going on there as well
it's a it's not you know necessarily like a usl madness we have actually the
geek life Awards good check there all right orange lounge radio on skype or
1-877 game olr is the number to call we are taking some calls hi you are on
orange lounge radio hey hey it's Ron how's everyone doing tonight hey hey
Rama we're okay it's the end of the year shows shows running a little short
tonight surprisingly but you know I know this I was like wait they're already at
and the party already where the time go there's just it's it even though we try
to fill the show with lots of news sometimes the news doesn't have a lot of
discussion to go with it I mean there's not a lot to say to you know Shadow the
Hedgehog was made for Americans or whatever or yeah you know Sony
PlayStation shadow my two cents about the in the chat room yeah all right well
what's on your mind buddy why'd you call well to satisfy Brussels I finally sent
up my 25 cuz I realized I didn't play enough games this year to qualify so I'm
sitting there for about an hour putting my list together and picking the brains
of my roommates for what games did you like and I was like keep in mind it's
not the top 25 of this year it's the top 25 of all time I know but still I just
feel I don't really game enough for it but I got my list together and I sent it
out all right good boy and I did put on their Final Fantasy 6 good good man
that's a great Final Fantasy game although um Final Fantasy 4 I sometimes
call my favorite I gave it a little bit of a backseat which is funny because I
sent that list in before the news about the PSP version it will probably be back
near the top of my list next year after I play the PSP version so we'll see so
all right well what was at the top of your list can I be nosy what was your
number one game ever Scott Pilgrim versus the world the game what was your
number one game of all time I loved that game this is one the few games where I
sat there and played it over and over and over and this is one of those games
where yeah tap the bank for the crack that's that's what that game fell under
for me all right where every gamer has a voice even when those voices are insane
um just kidding I'm kidding if you like I never see ransom I mean really I'm
giving you shit actually I'm watching Loki in studios playing I think the new
version of Super Mario crossover like there was a brand new version that came
out but he is driving the blaster master car and that made me think oh man
blaster master should have been on my list blaster masters in Mario
crossover yes they just added Sofia the car from a blaster master is now in
Mario crossover version and it's awesome I now have my reason to play the game
I'm going to tell my roommate and he is going to he's gonna fangasm yeah I need
somebody to send in the top 25 list that has blaster master near the top to me to
make up for the fact that I left it off my list all right dark soccer says she
will I still haven't sent my listen oh good good I need some blaster master
love because I forgot so I'm an idiot we have to send this listen I believe the
third was the deadline but you're procrastinating but should do it right
now all right anything else in your mind tonight Rama yeah do you think
programmers purposely put code into games where you swear it cheats um it
depends on the type of game but like when you say games that cheat my mind
automatically goes immediately goes to Super Mario Kart and the whole rubber
banding and this is a very common thing you hear in racing games it's not Mario
Kart is not the only racing game that does it a lot of them do but I yes
that's that's basically program cheating is that if you are too far ahead of the
other contestants they get to speed boost or whatever to catch up to you
that's programmed to cheat to make it more exciting so heck yeah I think they
program cheating but that's just the difficulty or whatever you want to call
it I never had a problem Mario Kart but I can understand how you code a game so
there's some glitches here and there that may cause cheating but I'm talking
purpose gene for example my roommates playing Dragon Age he is in an area
where he has to go in and like take everybody out it's like his team of four
grown up of a team of eight says he walks into the area that whole team just
slaughters him under 15 minutes think screaming repulsive repeatedly at the
game is cheating with me personally I don't think the game cheat you just suck
but that that dates all the way back to the NES days when like you would be
playing a sports game or any time you gave RC Pro-Am was another racer that
would just infuriate people the game's fucking cheating man this game fucking
cheats actually put in purpose code for cheating compared to where your skills
aren't good enough padawan or it's just ramping up the difficulty keep in mind a
lot of those you know NES and if you want to go way back Atari 2600 games
we're set to loop over and over and over again so of course the difficulty gets
insane and harder than you know you're able to do at some point because that's
just you know what it is of course so like or take a game like civilization
and its highest difficulty level I believe the computer opponents can build
resources like 1.4 times as fast as you can so you have to really think about
how to you know use your resources well I don't think that's really cheating
the game is cheaper say that's just like advanced skill God mode it's like you
know what you're getting yourself into when you walk into it yeah and if you
can beat that then you're a fucking stud like you are like you but you know going
into it okay I am playing an uphill battle here and if I beat this I'm
awesome mm-hmm so yeah all right well Rama we're gonna let you go to try and
get some more calls tonight but thank you so much for your call have a going
buddy you too stay fabulous now I will I will go I will all right
1877 game olr or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio why not we got
time for one more call if you want to give us a call tonight's running a
little bit more of a short show but hey that's what happens at the end of the
years not a lot of news because everybody's starting to go on holiday
all the games have come out now it's just time to play them hope some of you
guys find some games under your Christmas trees or whatever it is you
celebrate this holiday season what did you call it earlier December December
miss December we need December ween or Festivus whatever it is that you
celebrate 1877 game olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio I'd usually
be going around getting some last-minute stories but there aren't any Loki's read
them all so he's busy playing Super Mario crossover and dark soccer is
working on her Tron art and I am telling a monologue right now sorry for not
participating that's all right what do you plan to do with your time
out do you have any time off from work Loki I have 3d weekends yeah do you do
anything special with them no hang out just hang out be with the baby you
taking the baby anywhere for the holidays my mom's well that's but your
mom's here are kind of local right it's not like you're having to like go to
the snow or anything yeah she's very close hmm all right someone in her chat
room named hi I love that name is saying a new gorillas album on Christmas the
fall what do you do dark soccer you're the big gorillas fan girl I'm looking
forward to it nice like a whole new album album like for sale for sale did
they just have like an EP okay okay that's cool all right well the phone's
not ringing so I guess that's gonna do it for the skype line tonight thanks so
much for those of you that did call and if you didn't get through tonight but
you wanted to well you had a chance but you can always leave us an email mailbag
at orange lounge radio.com let's go around and get everybody's final
thoughts of the night dark soccer your final thought that Ron Loki your final
thought tonight my final thought is this game is pretty hard I blew up damn it my
final thought of the night is this show is done early enough I might have time
for Pinkberry well it was a short show tonight but that's okay have a wonderful
holiday everybody again we will not be here next week but we will be back in
2011 for the ninth year of orange lounge radio oh my god see you next year have a
great Christmas or whatever it is you celebrate over these next couple weeks
and have a wonderful and safe New Year's Eve don't be stupid people if you like
what you hear here at orange lounge radio please tell a friend about the
show help us spread the word we also love reviews on iTunes or any resource
where you can grab a podcast help us spread the word share the love of
independent podcasting be safe we'll see you next year
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join
us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific
Time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily
reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm
but we're probably right anyway see you next week
