Tonight, December 12, 2010, a high-profile PlayStation 3 game gets a big delay, Australia
debates a new video game rating, and more rumors leak about
chat rooms at chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you
with my co-host, Dark Sakura. Jamie Summers. Hi. How are you? Productive. Productive. That's
good. Productive Jamie is happy Jamie, right? Sort of. I'm being paid for it, so. Hey, money.
Yay, money. Yeah, and I'm going into finals week, so. Good times. Yeah. All right. Well,
good luck with all that crap. Say hello. Okay, if 2x plus 9 equals y, I forget it. All right.
I could actually rewrite that five million different ways now. Solve for kitten. The
answer is shirmy. Can't divide by kitten, unfortunately. Hi, Loki. How are you? Techmaster
Loki joins us here every week with his witty insight. How are you, Loki? Good, and you
divide by kitten. Is that, it's like zero. You can't mix the kitten with anti-kitten.
Not unless kitten is radical. Oh, it's gonna be one of those shows tonight. It's just not
gonna make any sense at all. Also, say hello. We have some guests. It's like plural in studio
tonight, and I'm gonna introduce them here. Since he has the mic, I will say hello to
Salacious Pop. Hello. Hi, how are you? I'm great, how are you? I am well, thanks for
asking. Except for the fact that, you know, it's Sunday night, and then once this whole,
this whole shtick is over, it's back to the work week, you know. Yeah, and you have to
be at work at like 7, 730 for a while now, up until the holidays. Yeah, and I'm just
not a morning person. You know, I really like my job, don't get me wrong, but it's just
one of those, like, you know, oh, getting used to the new schedule's really messing
with me. But, you know, it is what it is, so. Rama says if you divide by cat, you get
a kitten, but technically if you multiply two cat equals kitten, six kitten. I can't
even understand any of this. Alright, so also say hello in studio. We have another guest
joining us tonight, RKDN42. How are you, my friend? Oh, I'm doing okay. Long time no see.
I haven't seen you since, I don't think you've been here since the marathon episode. Yep,
that's the last time I was in. Which, funny enough, Salacious Pop was here for too. It's
almost like a marathon show reunion. No marathons, please, no marathons. Who wants to stay up
until 4 AM tonight? Woo! Yay! I don't have a podcast to edit after the show, so I can
do it. Let's go, let's do it. It's like New Year's Rockin' Eve. Alright, anyhow, let's
see, going to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com. Act Deaf in our chatroom starts us off with
this classy comment. Salacious Pop, the occasional fourth host of the show, I wonder if he sleeps
with one of the hosts. Actually, I always refer to the chatroom as the ever-present
fourth guest on the show, so I think Act Deaf, you're implying that the entire chatroom is
in fact sleeping with one of the hosts, I think is what he's really trying to say. Slumber
party! Whoever falls asleep first because their underwear thrown in the freezer. Follow
your dreams and never let anyone tell you that you cannot sleep your way to the paragon
of independent video game journalism. You just, you put on your little black dress,
and you work it, and you will be where I am now. Believe in your dreams. Yes. I have to
share something right now, before I forget about it, and before we get to our gaming
weeks. It's not something I need antibiotics for, is it? This gorgeous piece of journalism,
which I will take a picture of and show the chatroom in a moment, is the American River
Review 2011 edition. I've done design in this. It's $25. Go buy one! Why would anyone not
in this area want one? Because this thing wins, like, Uber awards. We have people in
Sweden that listen to this show. Why should a Swedish person buy some community college
– oh, recipes! Fantastic literature. It's the best of edition. Fantastic art. Fashion.
I bet all of our, like, gaming guys that listen to this show, you know, in their teens that
are, you know, between games of Call of Duty and Halo Reach are like, oh my god, fashion!
No, there's also – Where do I buy? Some of the art in here is definitely nerd-influenced.
Is there any video game reviews in there? No, but there's lots of talk of video games
in some of the stories. Okay. So obviously people, some of the writers are definite geeks,
but it is a worthy purchase. I will find the ordering information and post it somewhere
so everyone can see. But I've worked on this one. And also, if you send me the money
to get it for you, I will autograph it and get other people to autograph it and send
it back to you so you can have an autographed copy. I'll autograph it, I guess, even though
I had nothing to do with the publication of that book. I'm talking about the other people
that worked on the magazine. Alright, anyway. Let's get into some actual gaming content.
It does happen occasionally on this program. We talk about video games. And we always started
off with a little bit of how was your gaming week. So DarkSakura, besides, you know, doing
all that book stuff, how was your gaming week? My gaming week was full of some Star Trek
Online because the new Episode III came out. And it's awesome. By awesome, I mean amazing.
It's really hard to take a picture of something black. I, uh... What? Never mind. What? No,
that's inappropriate. Just don't take a picture of my penis then, okay? I was just gonna say
that was... I went there, I went there. That was rumored to be a problem with the Kinect
at one time. At any rate, I played a lot of Final Fantasy... Final... Fucking Final Fantasy.
I played a lot of Star Trek Online. They have completely redone Sector Space. I was showing
you guys the pictures. Now you can actually turn off that little grid thing. And when
the grid is on, it's actually a lot less pronounced. But then you can just fly around like you're
in space. And you have the little light trails as your ship moves. Which people were complaining
about. Wait, light trails and grid? The grids were gone. And it's not a light cycle. They're
trying to separate themselves from Tron a little bit? No. People were complaining that
when you were in warp, it didn't look like you were in warp. When you hit maximum level,
does the game tell you end of line? No. When you approach systems... It used to be that
it would look like a little glowing model of a system. You know, like you had in science
class. Now it's you approach stars. And as you get closer, it actually looks like a sun.
And the planets pop up around it. And it's like you're actually approaching the system.
And only other turkeys will get this. When you go like to the badlands, or to little
nebula or something. When you approach it, it actually looks like a haze off in the distance
and then you're in there. Then when you actually enter the system or the area, then you're
fully... Rob's pulling up the freaking... Well, I was going to say that we have a clip
of the soundtrack for the new Star Trek expansion.
As you're flying through space? No? You can't touch a rainbow? It looks like they've retextured
some of the planets. They've retextured the characters. They've updated some stuff. Earth's
Starbase has a basement now. Oooh, fucking basement. I also finally decided to make an
Orion slave girl. Running around in a bikini. It's fantastic. Apparently you can modify
the gourd now like anyone wants to play a giant freaking lizard. Okay, I have to share
this and it has something to do with it. There's my favorite Star Trek episode reviewer on
YouTube. It's SF Debris. He's funny. It's the highly opinionated Star Trek reviews.
And he was talking about Cisco... They did one for Trials and Tribulations for DS9. And
talking about Cisco wanting... He could have talked to Kirk about all this other stuff.
Instead he wanted to hear about the one time he porched a giant lizard in the nose. Punched?
I said not porched. I wonder what a porch punch is. This guy's reviews are fantastic.
It was Barry Waddle on purpose. Maybe because Dork von Weenie was already taken. Arne Darvin,
you see, is actually a Klingon. He was surgically ultra-depressed as a spy because when you're
a Klingon... This guy's really funny. Of course he also said that the Defiant should have
been named Ben Sisko's motherfucking pimp slap... pimp hand. Pimp slap hand. That was
it. Ben Sisko's motherfucking left pimp slap hand. Welcome to the Star Trek humor podcast.
Anyway. We have some really funny jokes for you today. So back to that... I have a really
good zinger about Klingons. And stay tuned because... Is this NPR? Where am I? Oh my
God. Talk of the nation. Oh my God. If I can finish with my story... But at any rate...
They've made lots of changes for the better. Still pissed off at Dabo. Hololita still annoying.
And that's really about it. They've done a bunch of other retexturing. But really they've
closed stuff off. The one thing I'm looking forward to is trying out the foundry. Which
is... You can create your own missions. And then have other people go in and play them.
You can put them up for other people to download and play. So... The good thing about that
is that while maybe you've gone through all the major missions and everything is... Oh
yay. But you can actually go through and play new content that other people have created.
And that's really neat. On the Tribble server they've got this thing to create new content.
Which I haven't gotten to work yet. But I'm gonna look into that too. The Tribble server
is the playtest server. So you can actually get a look at things that are coming out before
they come out on the official server. Which I think is cool. So it's like they have a
continuous beta going on. Like wow? Except this is a special one where actually the stuff
is broken on purpose. Like wow? And the stuff that's fixed is ready for everybody else to
play without being broken. Okay. The last issue that the free expansion that City of
Heroes put out was issue 14. The mission architect creator. Where you could create your own campaign
and that was the last expansion that Cryptic worked on. So it sounds like they're doing
something similar for Star Trek. Yeah. They're really putting a lot of their attention on
Star Trek Online. And what I would like is for maybe a Vice Admiral level 2 or something.
Because right now my main character is Max and she has tons of fun to play. Although
I have found out that Orions kick a lot of ass. If you play a female Orion you get a
power called Seduce. It's called, they just called it, look at my boobs. Just saying you
can get a succubus with a warlock character and she will show people her boobs and use
a move called Seduce. Just saying. Remember my offer still stands if people want to pay
for me to play World of Warcraft I will. Why can't I have an offer like that? I thought
that was going to go in a different direction there. I want people. Alright. Apparently
the chat room likes my NPR voice. So one of these days I'm going to have to just do an
Orange Lounge Radio and all NPR voice. Or you could just go listen to that Techno Kitten
Adventure interview last week. Hello this is Terry Gross. Today we're going to talk
about. Hello you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We have a hilarious interview coming
up with Nick, the creator of Techno Kitten Adventure. He'll be joining us to talk about
his game. And also we'll be talking about USL Madness. It's maddening. Be sure to get
your miss in right away. And also when Rob uses that voice it sounds a lot like the Saturday
Night Live sketch. And then I expect to have Martha Stewart come out and make brownies.
Anyhow. Loki how was your gaming week? Please help. My gaming week consisted of not much
because one I didn't have internet. Which is not really a big factor because I don't
play online games at home. At least not anymore. And what else? Basically Grand Theft Auto
work. Swords and Poker 2 on the iPod. And I did try out Infinity Blade which is all
sorts of beautiful and actually plays pretty good. So it's very neat what they can do on
the iPod. But yeah that's pretty much it. Didn't play a whole lot. Let's go to our guests.
We'll see if our guests have anything exciting to share. How about Salacious Pulp? Only two
games to talk about really. Maybe two and a half. The half is Knights of the Crystals
on Facebook. Knights of the Clicky. Knights of the Clicky. Not really a game. I gotta
use all your action points. You don't have to feed cows in it so already it's good. I
forgot to spend my action points before coming to this show. I'm pissed. Dammit. Oh well.
If you buy the $50 worth of Square Enix points that's the best value. What a waste spending
money on that game. Like the items you get. Forget it. Then Poker Night at the Inventory
on Steam. I've been slowly unlocking because I've definitely gotten better at the Texas
Hold'em thing as I've been playing. I've been unlocking the various tables and deck cards.
So it does have unlockables in it. No new characters. But I have the Fruit Fucker Card
Table and the Salmon Max. Don't you mean the Fruit Friend? Fruit Friend. Fruit Friend Card
Table and the Salmon Max deck of cards. Is that what they're calling it in there? Fruit
Friend yeah. I just really liked when we were at PAX a few years ago someone cosplayed the
Fruit Fucker. There were like three people cosplayed as the Fruit Fucker. That was great.
They just all looked the same. And then Cataclysm. You know we should play Poker Night at the
Inventory online sometime. Oh wait. It's just fan service. The ride is really funny. Strong
Bad cracks me up the most. I have to poke a little fun at it. Come on. For the longest
time we look like we're totally tell tale biased. So I have to take an opportunity to
poke this one where I can. When the Seg was on a couple weeks ago on the show he was like
it's a very basic fan service game. Don't expect it to be anything other than you know
kind of trying to take us down a couple notches on the hype. That's true. Yeah. And then Cataclysm
of course came out Monday night so I'm in Deepholm right now level. No I'm about to
start Oldham. I'm level 83. Haven't done any of the new level 1 content yet for any of
the races. I'm very much working on my main. And you have a separate WoW podcast for all
of that so that's all I'm gonna say. But it's out. It's there. That's okay. I'm gonna talk
Cataclysm a little bit here. Just cause it's a huge huge thing. So it has to cross over
a little bit. Overall I'm very amazed at how seamless the digital like the midnight rollover
where everyone was logged off at midnight and then we all I mean it took us 20-30 minutes
to log back in for to access all the new areas. I don't even think it was that bad. Yeah and
then there's been no server crashes. Nothing. I thought that they did a great job in turning
that over compared to I guess Wrath and Burning Crusade. Yeah it could have been a lot worse.
They did a pretty good job. Awesome. Yes. Alright. Okay. What? Yes ma'am. When I get
back from Washington I'll play for a month. That's the spirit. Hey there's actually email
coming up about how you can do that for free so we're gonna get to that later. I know you
probably haven't peeked at the mailbag yet but somebody who listens to the other show
also listens to this one and sent a great tip so we'll talk about that when we get to
the mailbag. First though we gotta finish off gaming weeks. Arcadian 42. I know you
play a lot of, you have a pretty diverse lineup of games that you play right? Yeah. This week
hasn't been that too many games this week. One of them is Rockman 3 of course and also
played some more Super Meat Boy. That's fun. Isn't Super Meat Boy great? You haven't been
on the show since it came out but. Yeah so I've played it for a little while. The box
art, the name, terrible but the game itself, awesome. Yeah and it's really a thumb killer
too. I got one of the new Xbox controllers. I come out briefly that the D-pad's a little
bit better. I'm not sure if it's that much improved. It might hurt your finger a little
bit more than the original. Interesting. No I forgot those had come out. I knew they were
on there. I forgot that now's the season. Interesting. But it's nice having a better
charge back so that it lasts longer than the older one. Have you used that at all for Game
Room? I know you were big into Game Room for a little while. I've barely gotten done into
Game Room. Have you heard about what's come out in Game Room? Like this week, I'm not
even kidding, Twinbee and Daytona Twinbee both hit Game Room this week. And like Puyen
and like just all of a sudden out of nowhere Game Pack 12 was like bam bam bam like all
these huge titles came out. They're all Konami but it's almost like, hey why didn't you give
us this shit like three months ago? We might have paid more attention. I think I downloaded
those packs but I haven't actually because they were like taking a long time to download
so I went to some other game. And the main game I've been playing this week is Resonance
of Fate which is a triage game that Sega put out. It's a RPG. It's actually a pretty, it's
got an interesting battle system. All the characters use guns and so they have different
like they have like a machine gun and the other people have like guns and like thrown
weapons like grenades. So you level up by your weapon experience and basically you have
to think strategically because you have to move around the board because when you move
the enemies move and they charge up and everything. You have like the set number of like hero
gauge or like where you can have your character run across the fields like the other side
like most of the way to the other side of the field where you're pretty much shooting
at the enemy as many times as you can. But you have to like, sometimes you have to save
up charges because if you do that you get different status effects like your machine
gun you'll do more damage that you can make convert to real damage. Sort of a weird, sort
of a different like damage system. How old is this game? It came out a little while ago
right? March. Oh. Yeah it's about that long. I thought this was like an old old game. No
no it came out this year. I missed this one. Yeah. It's a 360 game? Yes it is. I've been
looking for a new RPG to play on 360. Yeah and there's probably several things you'd
like about it because the characters are interesting. They went into a lot of oddball kind of characters
that basically are going on different fetch quests and do this for me. Go to this area
and fetch me something. And yeah some of them are a bit crazy. But basically it's like a
series of vignettes and that kind of thing. At least for now because the overarching story
you don't really get to that until later and I haven't gone that far yet. But let me see
what. Actually the system map is a little bit interesting because it's actually a hex
map where you have to lay down these like little things of hexes that you have to put
down to get through the other areas and there's colors and everything like that. It's actually
a pretty interesting game. And also you can also play dress up with the characters because
you can actually buy all these different sort of clothes. It's just not a JRPG if there's
not dress up at some point. Going to chat with chat.orangemanstrator.com I'll let Arcadian42
finish but I wanted to get some of the comments here. Oh you're good? Let's see. Some folks
talking about the new controller that they're liking that. Azure Edge in our chat room says
I love the box for the new Xbox 360 controller. Also a question about game room. Rama says
didn't sunset riders drop too? No that's rumored that that is in the game pack. I'll tell you
what came out. I pulled up the list while Arcadian was talking there. Daytona Twinbee,
Puyen, Thwacker, Amadar, Off the Wall, Twinbee, Blades of Steel, Pitfall 2, Trick Trap, and
Vektron have all come out in the past three weeks. Yeah. Many hadn't checked them out
because they stopped updating their Facebook thing because of all the crowd stuff. Closures
and stuff so it kind of makes you forget to look. There's one thing about the new controller
that I didn't mention was that the analog sticks have this little lip in them so it
makes it might kind of hurt your finger a little bit more than the old one. So especially
with Super Meat Boy where you're jamming the controller left and right and up and down
all the time that can kind of bite into your finger a bit. Arcadian you know you're kind
of known as being like a quiet guy and you know you're playing games but usually you're
just you know you kind of you're quiet and you don't yell you're not obnoxious like I
am in crowds. But I have to ask like when you play Super Meat Boy are you the type that
just like fuck! I can't fucking believe I lost that level! God damn it! And you throw
the controller against the ground. Meow! Not really for this one just because it's so fast.
This one because like with Dead Rising 2 I was playing that and there was one point in
the game where I basically only place I could save was like a few a little bit before the
chef guy and where he's and I wasn't able to get from where I was saved I could barely
just get any enough weapons to actually fight him so like every time it's like just getting
killed by this guy over and over again so I got really pissed. That guy was making me
swear like like fucking crazy. There you go! Ahh there you go! Did you hear that? Yes.
Just thinking about it makes me fucking crazy! Yeah and the same thing with Kyle in the first
game that guy was an ass. Like fucking annoying as hell. It's always the quiet ones. But Super
Meat Boy just like oh damn damn oh well shit. And then go on and just do it again because
it's so fast you don't you don't really have to think about it just do it again. You have
to ask Leisha's Pop about when I play Super Meat Boy. It's pretty exciting. In fact he'll
even egg me on. He'll be like don't you want to play Super Meat Boy? Oh Rob you're so close
to beating that one level. Come on you should play Super Meat Boy. Come on just you'll have
that level beat in five minutes come on. It's like entertainment for him. Yeah that's mainly
the reason I haven't gone back to Dead Rising 2 because I'm sort of since I'm there I want
to beat it I don't want to go on and just because with Dead Rising 2 I can just pass
him up and let that that invent expire but I'd like to actually do it for this time going
through but maybe when I go back to it I'll just kind of I'll see if I can do it and then
just say fuck it and go on. Alrighty. Let's see going back to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
SolarFlare says I've been playing Resonance of Fate for PS3 makes me feel like I don't
know how to play JRPGs anymore. Dungeon Buster says Fates battle mechanics take a little
getting used to. I stopped playing it for a week or so and had to hit up easy encounters
all over again just to get back into the groove. So you know what else you know what other
controller I guess had come out recently I really want to get is that Tron controller
because the game came out and sadly I have missed the game although I hear it's not so
great like I guess the reviews are mixed at best so but I'm still curious you know I liked
what I played at E3 so reviewers don't always get it right either so. You're reading one
man's opinion that's all it really is. It's not a team of people reading it. What if it's
Metacritic where you're reading several people's opinions. Oh big deal it's a few people I
mean they're all over the board with stuff. There were some people that thought Gran Turismo
5 was awesome some that hated it there was I'm trying to think of one that had really
weird reviews on it. What was it? Might have been Epic Mickey because there were some people
that really loved Epic Mickey and people that hated it. I don't know it's gonna be like
that for everything. Now see this is the weird thing is that Tron Evolution supposedly has
a 58 on Metacritic right now and this is based on 6 critics but then I don't see critic reviews
so that makes me think okay they haven't really had that so I don't know whatever I guess
the movie only has like a 50 something too so yeah but people are dumb I mean they're
like the story. Movie critics you have to take with a grain of salt like I my expectations
for the Tron movie are very low like there's as long as it's pretty and at some point I
hear end of line I'm gonna be fine you know what I mean it's my expectations are set really
low all right have fucking wait six days six more days I know I heard a Tron rumor oh something
to do with OMG spoilers no okay something to do I think this is what how the story was
read but Disney is pulling the original Tron DVD from retailers because it's already done
it's been in the vault forever they're not gonna release it until later because I thought
that the way that it looks on the box art where it says Tron they don't want people
to go oh this is that movie that's in theaters right now so I'll just buy this when it's
a completely different movie I think what what the big deal is is that there is a remastered
one waiting to be released and they're not going to release it until after the movie
comes out really know a box that's coming you know a box that's gonna happen because
the they actually got the original animator back to go in and do all the touch-up work
and so that reminds me I need to watch the original Tron this week again because it's
been so long I barely remember I have it and the laserdiscs I was watching they had a really
it was on I think it might have been Gizmo it might have been Gawker I had it or one
of their I know they have like a comic one too that io9 or something like that anyways
they were covering like what like Tron and the stuff that they remember from it and it
clips and it's really like cheesy and slapsticky and like a lot of it well you know it was
it was the 80s but it really is very dated but it's still fantastic you know an awesome
place to try and find it on UMD they made it for the PSP on UMD I bet that would be
one of the easiest ones to find so probably still people trying to unload those discs
well actually don't let go of that mic there as I spoke oh wait no I already asked you
but you can we never mind let go of it I guess I'll talk about my gaming week everybody else
is gone mine I don't have a whole lot of exciting stuff to add because you know obviously it
was a big week with Cataclysm and just a big week personally I honestly have not had time
for a lot of games in general as I think a lot of people are right now with the holidays
and everything going on but I did of course play World of Warcraft Cataclysm which even
though I have a separate show for wow I have to mention some of the big stuff you know
obviously they've redone all the old content and I'm hearing the Worgen and Goblin experience
is amazing but you know I talked about on the other show for a little bit my experience
just going back and leveling a Gnome Priest which is one of the new race class combos
that you don't need Cataclysm for and it was neat a neat upgrade a lot of the mechanics
from Wrath of the Lich King you now find in the classic wow and I think that's what's
pretty cool because it allows it to have more vehicle type quests and kind of zany things
like today I was in Oldham and I got a daily quest to do a whack-a-mole type of quest it's
just kind of weird stuff and a lot of very meta things like the whole plants versus zombies
quest that they have now or peace balloon versus ghouls whatever there's a lot of silly
things in it but the core game is still great and the end game I haven't seen a lot of the
85 end game yet because I'm only about 83 and a third now but I've played some of the
new dungeons and you know it's it's still that same kind of look and feel of course
of the previous wow expansions but they have definitely taken strides to make it not so
face roll is the term a lot of people use where you know those Wrath of the Lich King
heroic dungeons were very face roll for the past three months I'm meaning you could just
sit there at the keyboard and just three three three three three or whatever your button
is pretty much roll your way through any dungeon you really have to take a step back and well
oh crap this is all new content I'm not over geared I have to think about this and you
know as a healer which I play in the game they made heals very expensive so now you
really have to think about do I really need to top this person off or should I go back
to focusing on the tank so lots of interesting little game mechanics like that but if you
want to know more about that I got the other show so we'll talk more about that as far
as other games that I played there were some free games that came out on Xbox this week
and one of them I don't even remember the name of it somebody in chat will jump in it
was one person plays a driver you drive around the course and the other person can shoot
the driver Doritos games yeah it's one of those Doritos games that sounds like an old
arcade game was it not the shoot it was like one person was the driver and the other person
had the gun and it was a two person arcade game you are thinking about like the I know
what you're talking about the tango and cash tango and cash yeah oh no uh lucky wild lucky
wild that was my mistake that's it no I I know what you're talking about though that's
neat looking it's stupid it's free but yeah it's free exactly it's it was better than
Yaris it was better than totem ball um you download the other one avatar crash I downloaded
it but I haven't played it yet because then I played more rock band 3 and I actually did
that whole thing in rock band 3 I was like you know I don't have any vocal achievements
what you need to do is you need to get in on the ground floor of these Doritos challenges
things and really that's where you propose the whole you know golden girls RPG Grand
Theft Auto type game I know I hope maybe for the next year's Doritos competition we will
have the golden girls with guns game that's just Grand Theft Auto with the golden girls
that's all I really want to say I'll have you know Doritos are kind of orangish it works
and the golden girls lived in Miami so they were kind of orangish you know what it just
occurred to me okay imagine like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game or the x-men game
or the Simpsons only with the golden girls I know right like Sophia hits them with that
giant purse uh-huh and like Blanche has the slut attack uh-huh and and Arthur Dorothy
Dorothy is sassy she has the bitch attack mm-hmm and basically I guess Rose would just
walk through the game clueless no she has stories about St. Olaf she has the St. Olaf
she has a goat that would come out yes hopefully maybe that'll come to indie marketplace because
that's that's where all the good ideas seem to go all right anyhow that was pretty much
my gaming week I don't even remember the name of that game and it's you know it's free it's
better than some of the other free offerings but at the same time I think it's Doritos
crash course or something like that no it I don't even think that's it either it's like
this tells you how memorable the experience was what an amazing game podcast we have here
where it's like I played some game I think the best thing to actually come out of that
was me bringing up another obscure game yes lucky a while was pretty awesome actually
and then the Golden Girls game chat was awesome too I'll remember in a minute thank you Doritos
I'm trying to you know what I'm doing right now I'm actually clicking to my profile harm's
way that was the name of the game thank God thank God for the xbox.com tracking everything
that you play harm's way was the name of the game phew I would that's weird that chat didn't
beat me to that usually having the live chat room some people jump in with the game nobody
knew that game guess that should tell me right there because the chat room didn't care clearly
all right let's housekeeping real quick if you want to follow us on Facebook facebook.com
slash orange launch radio we can always use more fans there and of course Twitter ask
us some questions on Twitter we'll get to those in the second half of our show tonight
twitter.com slash o l r meanwhile let's get into the news tonight yes of course the ever
denied but absolutely coming psp2 more rumors about the capabilities of it since we don't
know too much about it yet there are people that are working with it they're saying that
the graphics are comparable to early playstation 3 titles says that the low resolution screen
will surely help minimize the quality gap between playstation 3 games and psp2 games
but they're saying that it should be rather easy to port ps3 games over to the psp2 which
sounds pretty impressive actually that sounds dang impressive but there's got to be a difference
in quality like I don't think that thing's gonna be sport and blu-ray or whatever here's
the thing though is you know the textures don't have to be as big I mean they can save
a lot because it's it's a smaller screen the resolution isn't going to be as you know big
as the playstation 3 and because of that they can do a lot of tricks kind of like for example
how they can do a lot of tricks with like you know infinity blade to make it look nice
on an ipad or an ipod because you know they do a bunch of texture tricks and stuff to
make it look like it's actually a higher resolution than it is and actually kind of the same goes
with even just the psp now um you know they have a lot of tricks to make things look better
so I'm not too concerned about that I think it's gonna be awesome and as long as I have
two you know dual analog six which is great yeah are we talking about having more synergy
between the psp and the playstation 3 with this because when there's a lot of neat tricks
that I don't think people even know about that the psp will do like with this whole
remote play yeah getting it to control your ps3 through the psp I bet you most people
don't even know about that I think but there's they could do it right now with the psp2 assuming
that they have two shoulder buttons which they really should on that I think that that
would be great because not only would you be able to do that with um you know like I'm
assuming that this will also be able to emulate playstation 1 games as well and possibly playstation
2 games later on down the line have downloadable for it um I mean that would be really cool
and then with the remote play yeah you would be able to probably you know play these games
to their full extent because you'll have the controls that are going to be mimicking the
same thing whatever happened to I remember at e3 when this thing was first announced
remember Ridge Racer and remember when they were using the psp as like a rear view mirror
did that functionality ever happen in a game like where the psp was kind of your controller
or your spin-off device or whatever from the playstation 3 like I don't remember that ever
actually happening did that technology just not play out um maybe somebody has had games
for that but not necessarily rear view mirror are we talking anything like actually really
cool are we talking like buzz will allow you to use the psp to buzz in you know what I
mean like I don't I'm talking about something actually kind of like different I don't remember
like nothing really stands out how you could visit the Animal Crossing village on your
Game Boy Advance when you played GameCube Animal Crossing remember that now that I remember
that awesome cheap mm-hmm all right so comment from a chairman chat on orange on twitter.com
game guru in our chat says I'd rather hear about the price points of the 3ds and the
psp2 any crazy idea what this might cost the psp2 I'd be willing to bet $300 or 250 do
you think 250 sounds I don't know it's hard to say depends what they're trying to push
on it I mean I could see it maybe as high as $300 because they're looking if they're
going to try to compare this say with like an iPod or like you know something of that
nature then you know iPods are like 200 $300 so they might be able to do that and it also
really depends on what the 3ds comes out at too I mean 3ds I would hope it'd be around
like $200 at the very most but it's hard to say Bobby Blackwolf in our charm says nothing
like pac-man versus on the GameCube no yeah because there was that whole pac-man game
on the GameCube where you could use what the advances I think were as the controllers the
ghosts or something no no pac-man would use that because he could see the whole screen
I don't remember but it was something it was something like that no the ghost would be
on the TV because they would you know be split screen on the TV I think and then pac-man
would be on the Game Boy Advance because pac-man could see the whole screen because the ghost
couldn't see where you were at all right because if it's on the TV the people with screen hack
and then black hole continues to say it was just a remote play where you could play the
same game on your PSP on your ps3 sometimes not every game even does that back and forth
either it's mostly the ps1 class and here's the funny thing about that too and you know
thanks to the hackers and stuff they found out that a lot of games that don't support
remote play actually could support remote play but they just don't they they've hacked
different games to support remote isn't usually a button issue or something no that's kind
of sad all right well also speaking of sad let's talk about Final Fantasy 14 because
there's actually this is uh this is kind of sad actually but but I think a lot of us said
this needs to happen here's the deal Final Fantasy 14 obviously the PC version came out
and it's been getting slammed back and forth and we were talking about people selling off
their stock and all this other stuff here's the thing the PlayStation 3 version of Final
Fantasy 14 it was announced this week that it is not coming out in March it will be coming
out indefinitely like they don't know when they have now said this game has been delayed
indefinitely and that is like one step short of saying just the whole damn thing is canceled
which is very very strange but here's um here's what they're saying about the CEO of Squeenix
Yoshiwata basically apologized for Final Fantasy 14 and said that the Final Fantasy 14 team
is restructuring there will be new leadership Hiromichi Tanaka the producer out Naoki Yoshida
in the new producer director and a lot of the other positions are being restaffed they
are quote working on a concrete plan outlining Final Fantasy 14's new direction it almost
sounds like they are just starting the damn thing over which is crazy like have we ever
had a game maybe there's got to be another MMO that's done something like this but just
basically nuke itself and start over is what it sounds like they're doing they have also
extended the PC free trial period until the new plan is implemented so that could be months
away if you own the PC version of Final Fantasy 14 for being an early adopter you might be
on that for six months or here's here's the great thing you guys after Christmas or even
maybe before those copies of Final Fantasy 14 are going to plummet in price and pretty
soon for about 20 bucks you'll be able to pick up the game and play for free online
indefinitely granted you won't be playing a great game but it will be cheap so there
you go so that's really interesting to me I think I had said on the show before that
I think I even used the phrase heads will roll at Squeenix and this is around the time
it was the episode wherever the news came up about the stock getting sold I said that
this is inevitable conclusion that this is really an embarrassment but I don't know if
I necessarily blame the producer who got canned over this as much as I blame whoever made
them put this out at Christmas this game was a year away from release and all of that year
the engine is pretty much done that the game runs in the graphics look great the sounds
fine the problem was all the like game mechanics weren't implemented there's no fucking auction
house in the game right now hello that's the problem who whatever executive or whatever
decision made them put this game out this year that's who needs to be canned in my opinion
because this game was a year away from being released in reality and so now it's back to
the drawing board yeah and I it just seemed like with them releasing it in September October
of this year you know a lot of people were saying well it's kind of a shit circus on
PC but they'll work out the bugs and maybe it'll play a lot better with a controller
in your hand and it'll be you know decent on the ps3 there'll be some you know bug fixes
maybe a little major patch that comes out and now it just sounds like okay this game
is so bad that the console they're like we're not even we're not we're not gonna try it
like this is awful it just is really stunning you have to wonder if at some point Sony is
actually come in and said we don't want this game on our console this game is a turd do
not put on our system like I bet that's exactly what happened and I think that it was this
whole oh no we stand by our product we stand by our product thing and keep hoping and hoping
it doesn't look um this is your reality check bang bang so uh dark Tetsuya in our chat room
says rob and don't forget the anti-addiction timer where they're where they cut off your
XP after so long I actually think a lot of that shit's been overblown because guess what
Warcraft has something similar but no one's talking about it World of Warcraft has something
very similar well forums are filled of and it better sour tears of the crime that the
anger it's the guild experience you can only gain a set amount of guild experience in a
week and I'll tell you what after this expansion was released I hit my week cap in a day and
a half and your guild together can only earn so much experience in a day and you get rewarded
when you don't play for a while you get double experience so I think a lot of this stuff
in 11 or I mean 14 excuse me was kind of overblown because it was what you could play like your
character for like 20 hours in a week before you started hitting penalties my understanding
with 14 is that it was the job system I don't know exactly what the names of the jobs were
but you couldn't min-max I don't know like leather working or whatever you had to trade
your job out for something else and then level that up yeah so they just wanted it wasn't
necessarily a OCD please take a shower and go to bed type thing but just you know it
wasn't it wasn't one of those it was just more you know we don't want you to min-max
one thing we want your character to be diverse zeba diversify zeba in our chair I think sums
it up very very bluntly with this one comment no chocobos either no mounts got to walk everywhere
it's not so much that but it's a Final Fantasy game with no chocobos that's like that's like
a Michael Bay movie with no explosion that's I that's an Anne Hathaway movie with no nude
scene what what is this I don't understand Tiger Claw on our charm says so Square Enix
just pulled an NBA elite and starting over kinda except they did it about three months
too late did they pull the game off shelves although they haven't really pulled the game
off shelves either it's just the copies on shelves currently are gathering a lot of dust
we'll see what happens also kind of along the same lines not only is there news about
Final Fantasy 14 but if you're kind of fed up with the current state of 14 maybe you
should go back to Final Fantasy 11 because there's a new expansion coming out in December
I don't think it's actually a official expansion it's just one of those like uber patches that's
gonna really change the game the level cap will be going up from 85 to 90 and there will
be a lot of new spells and abilities some new powers for blue mages because they get
monster abilities and so forth yeah and expansions I know are still coming out for this game
they're not retail expansions they're download expansions but this game still still trot
and ride along and with some of the screenshots you see that they pick you would think that
this game is a newer game they really are able to still sell this with some pretty screenshots
and I believe Steam whenever they have one of their sales which is all the time they
have a Final Fantasy 11 plus the 13 various expansions it's dirt cheap for like five bucks
nine bucks and I think it has a month that comes with it so yeah I get if 14 is that
bad check out the helipack on Steam for 11 yeah 11 is still cooking and it's doing pretty
well you know what 11 needs most of all though to lose PS2 support so they could like update
the engine you know what I mean yeah but at the same time a lot of people would like lower
end laptops and things that sort of able to run 11 you know because it is a PS2 game and
I'm sure there's PS2 Final Fantasy 11 players that are like shut your mouth Rob and you
know yeah I'm to bring up you know City of Heroes for the umteenth time they just had
a graphics update for going rogue but there's because it's an MMO that came out in 2004
there are people that are on computers from 2004 that are still running fine you can't
update the graphics too much because you're going to lose your subscriber base that's
been with you for six years so it's even if it was on the PC platform you still have that
limitation of you can't you can't force your subscriber base to go out and buy a new computer
just because the game is over X 90 years old so I'm interested in Final Fantasy 14 again
I will say though because you know what despite my criticisms of the game in the past I think
it is kind of big of square because I don't think a lot of companies would do this I think
some would say but this is it was an intended game feature right I think it's kind of big
a square to step up and say we've released the suck patch yeah okay we're going to redo
it and so now I'm like okay now maybe I can get excited about this game because now they're
going to put the year of time that it needed the first time into it I miss the flawless
godlike square where even their crap games smelled of vanilla and sang hosannas and now
they've made an actual shit bag of a game I know look at all the people that still love
Final Fantasy 8 to this day and like what a shit yeah during the ps1 era everything
and then saga frontier I'm just ruffling feathers because I know there's listeners out there
that are like you shut your mouth squall and zellen are awesome and lagoon oh my god yeah
the ps1 era you know saga frontier bad I'm hander good just square could do no wrong
Final Fantasy 7 and now it's like that this is what you've become look at yourself look
at your life look at your choices yeah solar flare in our chat room says now 14 is so bad
they are taking the guys from 11 that made 11 good and put them on 14 great because some
of the changes that 11 got like five years too late are actually made that game great
like the whole level sinking that's something that should have been put into the game about
a year after its release not five because you played 11 for about three years and it
still had a lot of problems and it finally I finally got sick of it like after honestly
after playing wow I couldn't take 11 anymore you know and I played 11 for like a week no
I played longer than that you did you were like and a couple months I was the queen of
doing all that crap on my controller too like I had all my macros set up on my trigger buttons
and I could do and it was just that one experience that finally was the straw and I'm like all
of you people suck and I'd left off in a big stomping diva huff so if it what solar flare
is saying like to hear that the guys that made 11 good are now gonna go make 14 good
wake me up when a release date is official for the ps3 version because this is now exciting
news again because the changes they made to 11 were great so this game stands the chance
to redeem itself on the PlayStation 3 but boy are they gonna have to fix the PC version
but you know what they'll do here's here's the easiest way all you do fix everything
with an expansion pack and just have the ps3 version include the expansion pack it's what
they did with 11 remember when 11 came out in the States it already had rise of the zillard
in it you could already play a dragoon you could already go to some new areas wouldn't
be anything new let's move on to some more stories dark Sakura well this is one of those
warm fuzzies and I really mean warm and fuzzy the charity child's play we know if Charles
play don't we of course they have capped the 11 million mark not 11 million mark when I
say 1 million mark it'd be nice if they kept the 11 million mark wouldn't it we just got
done talking about Final Fantasy 11 so you know but no they've capped they've reached
1.2 million American dollars in all their donations along with the desert bus for hope
and the penny arcade auction dinner and all kinds of stuff boom loud happened this week
and I'm unfortunately I didn't get to talk about it because I was unable to attend some
things in real life came up and it was one of those real life greater than video games
type of thing even when it's for a good cause which really is disappointing but that's what
happens when you live a hundred miles away from where the funds at so I wanted to go
but I had my algebra final I hear women really well though I hear we're like even I'm hearing
it was better than last year which last year I had a lot of fun so I'm I'm I'm really happy
to hear it and of course hearing about all this money that was made just collectively
amongst all the efforts of not just even the big stuff but the little stuff too that's
that's great and you know it's unfortunate that CNN won't report this but they'll talk
about the Xbox gamer that beat up a special needs child for his Xbox this which yes was
a story on this show about six months ago I think it's because good news doesn't you
know the more negative hype they raise the more chances they have of getting news out
of it you know and that's really pathetic it's just pitiful but this I think you know
they're there the next goal is working on I think 1.7 million from last year so I think
that they're still looking to reach that by the end of the year that would be great if
they could top what they did last year considering the state of the world and the economy and
all that that's a very aggressive goal but I think just taking all that into consideration
I think it's great that they've made it as far as they have I agree I definitely agree
I'm very pleased so there you go alright moving on Loki yeah I don't know the thing is this
is kind of ridiculous but they have added quests now on was it the PlayStation Network
for the rewards program and these quests are basically get you test out different things
for example they have one of the quests you can do kind of thing as like achievement check
your pulse which requires you to watch an episode of pulse on the PlayStation Network
or to play a PlayStation move game and you get the move it quest or the no place like
home quest which involves you visiting the central plaza and PlayStation home so will
I get like well if I successfully completed quest will my PlayStation 3 go it's dangerous
to go alone here take this and like give me candy or maybe a letter to take to the old
woman so that she'll sell me you know drinks well I don't know I I just have a laugh when
I saw this because it's like you know I can see when the quest mean find a purpose go
visit home because there is no purpose or really you know it's was it a salt it's really
awesome or sodium one I'm sorry yeah it just sounds like that they've that home is so useless
that they've added a layer of meta gaming on top of it just so that you logged on you
sat down just I don't know don't get dry hopped by you for the furry exactly damn dark Tetsuya
says so when will olr start giving out quests okay go leave a five-star review for the show
on iTunes and you get a sticker go tell something nice about olr to a friend of yours and get
a high-five get permabanned by dark Sakura feet of strength you can only do it once no
no no that's we don't want them to achieve that you don't want somebody to achieve that
I don't know that anyone's ever pissed me off to get permabanned yes yeah I have well
I know they have one person I permabanned I think there might be two I think the person
I didn't permabanned them I just well whatever anyway my point is so so what is the reward
is the reward just a virtual like trophy style thing or do I actually get like I don't know
like a discount on a game or a I don't know a certificate in the mail a spot on the cast
of tester three what well what the PlayStation rewards are is you get free PlayStation or
bonuses and apparently they're for fans they didn't really say I don't think what the bonuses
were it says tiger rewards free it says they'll be open the PlayStation over regards the plus
status it think of it like Club Nintendo or screening Square Enix members PlayStation
rewards is tiered separating its members into three groups select pro and legendary playing
games downloading demos using PlayStation home being active in the PlayStation.com forums
and then I guess at the end of the year something they'll say okay this tier gets this this
tier gets that this tier gets this and be done with it deathwishings wants to know how
do you sign up I believe you do if I want to say they have their own dedicated website
to that take a look here meanwhile while you're looking for that Tiger Claw in our time says
I think you would get a perma ban if you left a one-star review so don't know you won't
get a perma ban but I'm gonna bring sure me over to your house and start talking about
the tester that's what I'll do excellent in our chat room hypothesizes that you get assigned
autograph of Kevin Butler I'm not sure it doesn't really say what it is because I don't
think it's fully launched it it's still in beta so right now you have to they say you
have to be a highly-engaged member well I don't know if it's PlayStation Plus it says
you have to be a highly engaged PlayStation owner meaning you got to be posting on their
forums and playing home some similar features as PlayStation Plus says the only difference
I guess it is reward is free I don't know it's it's just a gimmick to get you to try
all the stuff that they have out there like renting videos and stuff like that they want
to try that no thanks you know steam has something similar ish going on right now it's not quite
as as you know bold as you know trying to get you to go into home and all that stuff
but they have like these quest thing going on right now where you play certain games
and once you get like actual achievements like I think one of them was for the game
droplets you had to get a certain amount of points and that was like one of four options
but one of the other options was sign up for an official games fan club so one of them
was something you didn't have to actually own in a game to do and then like other ones
would be things and I think what they do like they draw a name it's a scavenger hunt yeah
that's what it was like scavenger hunt and then like they draw a name from all the people
who have submitted badges you get like what is it like a hundred free games or some shit
crazy that they do on steam with their sales so it's this sounds similar except for the
fact that steam I know what I'll get like if I do enough of these I get free games yay
oh there you go.
Other stuff going on on other consoles how about the Wii we haven't had a lot of Wii
news tonight and the uDraw game tablet came out not that long ago and we were kind of
wondering if it was going to be a hit or a miss it sounds like it might actually have
been a hit THQ has said that they are going to continue to support the uDraw Wii through
2012 the chief financial officer Paul Pashino started to kind of give us some specifics
as to what that was going to include at the UBS global media and communications conference
he said that four to five titles will arrive from THQ in the next fiscal year meaning April
to April so April 11 to March 2012 however you don't know exactly what games are coming
out except there will be a SpongeBob SquarePants game there you go so there it is otherwise
as far as the other games go we don't know yet stop asking if it's Mario Paint just stop
we want to see it happen too but seriously we haven't heard anything like that yet so
just let it go let it go oh Mario Paint but it better have the music mode in it that was
awesome-tastic well how about something different how about connect sound like fun sure I haven't
touched mine in a week well the the tech firm that made the camera sensor actually released
open source drivers for the connect and that way means that basically you can do pretty
much whatever you want with it it's developed put out I think they said that is the prime
sense which is the company that did it there is really that's really cool anyway has set
up all kinds of stuff out there for it so that'd be pretty cool it's the open and I
framework has an API for writing and I apps and offers middleware that allows RGB D sensors
like the connect and let you use it so these connect hack stories are kind of a dime a
dozen now I mean that you know everybody's hacked their connect 10 ways from Sunday I'm
kind of curious what this means like okay so there's an open source connect driver that's
cool so indie game developers could use this sort of thing but this doesn't mean anything
official can happen right because an official company would not be able to use an open source
connect driver and expect to have their game embraced by Microsoft Microsoft already said
they were excited to see what my really be able to do as long as they stayed in the law
real okay that's interesting then with that coming to mind do you think there's the possibility
we could see like a actual you know big game publisher try to do something with connect
on the PC maybe but I'm more thinking that they're leaving it open for the indie type
stuff happening on PC I'm also kind of surprised though that with connect being like that must
have holiday toy that they're not letting it embrace the PC side a little more I mean
I get it they're not doing that because they want to sell more xboxes that's what's going
on but I'm still kind of surprised they're not outside of this one comment it's not being
a little more embraced because imagine if you know the people at whatever sales store
like Gamestop or whatever could more openly advertise hey this device it runs on your
360 and your PC you can play biggest loser with Jillian Michaels on your PC woo my thought
is that Microsoft is actually going to have some sort of cross-promotion going on between
a PC side and do something that's already optimized for PC or at least quote optimized
for PC so that they can get more sales out of it but then again my other thought too
is that if they were going to do that then the holiday season would have been the time
I maybe next holiday because I think this holiday they want to sell xboxes gaming on
PC in their eyes I don't think is very huge people do it but it's not like you know it's
not like you have PCs in your living room but don't they keep trying with the games
for Windows relaunches yeah but that's different though that people have laptops and people
game on laptops you know or whatever on the go or when they're traveling or you know maybe
even at home and stuff but they're not going to have like the Kinect that requires you
to have some sort of camera and most people do not have PCs hooked to their TVs in their
living room there's that's why they want console there because they they're trying to sell
that kind of experience for people I don't think that they're really going to have this
they may have similar technology down the line or something that may be built into something
like a all-in-one PC or like a laptop or something where you can do different gestures to navigate
around crap maybe like a new Windows Media Center or something like that but I don't
think they're going to actually try to push the Kinect for a PC market unless unless they
did have some sort of like you were saying for one of those because you know Vista has
all this ease of access stuff built in I mean they could technically have well they had
already created I'm not saying that Microsoft did this but there was already a device that
technically read brain patterns so that someone could think type you know what I mean and
yeah it took them you know two minutes to write an entire sentence but if they had the
Kinect technology set up for say that you've got a quadriplegic you know they can maybe
move their head that would be the perfect type of accessibility and open up you know
a universe to people who didn't have that opportunity before and that that's another
reason why I'm actually glad to see that I like to see those types of things come out
and not just you know get a little hacks.
Let's see, I'm going to the chat room at chat.orangeworm.com.
Game Guru says I'm still trying to find an Xbox 360 controller for the PC and not resort
to a cord.
It's difficult to do but you can do it.
It's called an Xbox 360 wireless gaming receiver.
You can buy these it's a little dongle for your PC and it doesn't just work with the
controllers it works with the wireless adapter too if you have one of the Xbox 360 wireless
voice adapters because that was actually my Warcraft chat for quite a long time I used
one of those so if you are really against cords which I don't see why oh Loki even has
one he's holding up right here in studio that he's using do I is there like a little barcode
on the back of this or anything no it's called the Microsoft Xbox 360 wireless receiver for
Windows would you take a picture of that and put it on our lovely orangewormsradio.com
blog?
They're good for wireless controllers which I use in my laptop.
Yep so that's what you need I'm looking at frugal right now they're about 20 bucks on
various websites so take a peek I don't know if they make them officially anymore I think
you have to buy them no they still do do they yeah they just might be a little bit harder
to find you can find them at any store that sells games like a GameStop maybe not that
hard to find all right let's move on to some release dates around the world we'll start
with the US is it dried up now is are we done with the big holiday releases Loki yes here's
what we got new fitness first yoga and Pilates on the Wii and learn science on the DS done
wow that's it that is it I guess that's just because is there anything coming out between
now and the official holiday that is it I guess that's it your holiday games are out
all right well let's see if the story is a little bit different in Japan there are still
some big releases to go in Japan one of them's coming out this week on the 360 Castlevania
Lords of Shadow gets its Japanese release this week on the 16th Final Fantasy 13 international
comes into the ultimate hits collection in Japan this week so that's pretty cool as well
as Gundam muso 3 and skate 3 all of those getting releases in Japan this week deca sports
freedom as well and Call of Duty black ops dubbed edition all of those cut this is actually
a pretty big week in Japan on the PlayStation 3 many of those same games Call of Duty dubbed
Castlevania Lords of Shadow going to move so there actually is a PlayStation console
bundle coming out with Lords of Shadow this week as well because they love bundles over
there sports champions for the move comes out this week as well and one other game Ume
Niko no Naku Koro ni Majo 2-3 no Rinbu Kyoku comes out this week I have no idea what this
is although one of the screenshots Heka looks like Phoenix Wright it says it's like the
PC version I guess this is an adapter or an adaption of the PC version it's an adventure
novel adaptation but that does not look like Phoenix Wright objection oh yuck there's a
girl who got stabbed with something this does kind of seem like a crime type game or something
maybe it's a different company's answer to Phoenix Wright I don't know maybe maybe moving
on to other consoles on the Nintendo Wii monopoly here and now the world edition because I know
you're all looking forward to that gets a price reduction this week pack man party comes
out this week as well as shape boxing 2 we day enjoy diet that's really the name you
guys really the name going on to the PSP shining hearts this week from Sega's the big release
on the PSP otherwise a variety of games are getting a price reduction like a sugetsu portable
and so forth there it is your Japanese releases well for our friends in the UK I've just got
three things sack boys prehistoric moves on ps3 that's on the 15th on the 16th world of
goo for iPad and on the 18th battlefield bad company to Vietnam which is a whole whopping
three days before the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 release it all right kind of a slow people
slow gaming week unless you're in Japan I guess all right and even then it's mostly
localizations of stuff that for a change came out in the US first as opposed to the other
way around Loki has another story for us and so do I and we're gonna get to the classic
game of the week where dark soccer's gonna pull a game from the archives and I will say
she did go way back in the archives this week and it's it's a game that even I remember
and I used to like to which is I'll tell you this much is a Sega game surprise but it's
one that I remember and so we'll get to that in a minute Loki well there's still more progress
going on in Australia to approve a new rating for video games to allow adult themed video
games to be released in Australia I had already passed the federal cabinet and they've approved
that but now it's in the hands of the committee of attorneys generals and apparently they
right now have some they haven't made a decision regarding it yet apparently they said that
gamers have grown and we have a deal we have to deal with the convergence of film and games
and basically right now they haven't really come to a conclusion whether going to pass
it or not but I mean it's the federal cabinet thinks it's okay and you know gamers think
it's okay so we'll just have to see it's about our time I think they should mean hell if
anything you know Australia always seems to have like the cliche you know menly men and
you know they're tough in the Thunder from Down Under is that what you're talking about
or not like not necessarily that but I don't know it just seems kind of Rob that's a dish
it out back Astroper review which I think is what he was referring to but isn't asked
Australia also the country that bans a lot of games outright like I seem to remember
they have this if this goes in place and they will have a way to classify those games solar
flare in our time says oh I heard about this on zero punctuation guy made a big fuss about
it doesn't make a big fuss about everything that was kind of a joke that's what I thought
alright moving on to another story this has to do with the VGA is of course where last
night the video game awards on Spike TV and you know what I'm over it like I don't really
watch it because I know all the news is going to hit the internet five minutes later which
is exactly what I thought they were today but whatever whoops I want to see just because
Neil Patrick Harris is gonna be hosting and he's awesome how can they make the VGA is
more tolerable more Neil Patrick Harris that that's true but also I think they should just
stop trying to make it cool because when people who don't like there's so many people I think
to try to make the VGA is cool like you know this is cool you guys we're gonna we're gonna
do this really cool segment of a dick and fart joke it's gonna be really funny they're
just trying it's like you don't know anything about video they're just trying to make it
like the MTV Movie Awards and that's and you know what's sad is they do a better job than
G fordas this is G for you even on anymore not if you're on direct TV no no no I understand
that but I'm saying do they even have their award show anymore I don't think they do we
just scared sure me out with the talk of G for I think that got relegated to a segment
on X play was what happened unless you for you now is you know best episodes of cheaters
all right well there were some pretty big stories that came out of the VGA is even though
you know most of it was like just little teases just just little teases like I know something
you don't know but what are the big trailers of course was Elder Scrolls V Skyrim not a
damn piece of gameplay in the trailer just some dragon waking up and you know narration
which but that was enough for me to go what was the dragon waking up in narration going
girl I'm a dragon I'm waking up for another Elder Scrolls game that's right oh yeah that's
exactly actually what it sounded like no here I'll play I happen to have a link to the trailer
right here let me see if I can play a dragon y'all I'm waking up how's it going nothing
like that stop it well this girls yeah hold on I'm trying to play some of the trailer
here and the stupid websites like what's your date of birth because the content here no
it's not really the world premiere here you guys let's see if I can can I jump forward
and like just play I hate live radio sometimes half the buffer this is stupid there you go
see look stone stuff and a Bethesda logo and really passionate narration anyhow there it
is it's coming out in November 11 2011 that's what they announced is the release day good
luck meeting that release day just saying these ads always very specific release date
and not something that they made to get you know plan a gimmick of a you know year or
anything like that dark Tetsuya says Loki should totally be the voice of a gay dragon
in a video game yes he should I like this as a grassroots campaign no Loki you need
to be a gay dragon it was just a has anyone watched Family Guy you have something again
do they not do they not know of like was it the one guy who talks in there all the time
like hey I'm a bee you know I'm not sting you oh I've stung myself that's all I was
mocking I mean I am not playing a gay dragon in anything that's dumb that's just like people
trying to get me to be the voice of tingle no not gonna happen yeah I enjoy dressing
up like tingle or anything that has to do with tingle because that character is retarded
if they make some sort of epic Mickey type game with all the Nintendo characters and
yeah he'll be in there with what was that captain rainbow yeah anybody remember captain
rainbow yeah I didn't think so I enjoyed the Family Guy parody of aliens that had that
character in it oh you're trying to escape with that little girl I'm gonna bite you with
my second face now oh no it's the airlock oh no I have to see that no maybe salacious
pop needs to be the gay dragon would you be a gay dragon salacious pop he's nodding he'd
do the gay dragon here you go all right uh and tiger claw is saying isn't it 11-1-11
which is a Tuesday it's not gonna come out then anyway it's gonna get delayed these games
always do here's the thing though despite the fact that the trailer didn't show us really
anything new I'm just happy that it wasn't a trailer for a multiplayer Elder Scrolls
Oblivion don't get me wrong that would have been kind of cool like four years ago but
now it's time to move on to a new game so I'm uh I'm excited also some other things
that were revealed at the VGA is there's going to be a Mortal Kombat game on the PlayStation
3 oh wait we already knew that but this trailer had Kratos in it that's right Kratos is going
to be a playable character in Mortal Kombat on the ps3 so now him and scorpion can just
keep driving hooks into each other it'll be fun which is exact you know and whenever all
they need is pinhead from hellraiser to come out and it'll be hooktastic I you know when
I heard the news that Kratos was in it that was captain hook that was exactly the uh the
thought that came to my mind was get over here no you get over here get over here go
and sir I will take you both to hell that's what the trailer was was him and scorpion
fighting oh and mass effect 3 and there was a trailer for it and uh it's coming out holiday
2011 and I'm sure a lot of fanboy excitement going on over that one because mass effect
is a very popular series there it is anyhow uh let's get into the classic game of the
week it's a segment here on the show we can take a look at gaming's past you know screw
this elder scrolls 5 jib jab and all this uh you know talk of Kratos kids newfound fangled
game characters I remember a time when they looked pixelated and we liked it right dark
soccer what's the classic game of the week the classic game of the week is wonder boy
in monster land it was put out by westone it came out on the master system it was in
the arcades um in 1987 but it came out on the master system in 1988 um uh Activision
released it for the Amiga in 87 it came out on Commodore 64 the armstrad CPC ZX Spectrum
and Atari ST in 1989 um it came it was titled super wonder boy monster world in Japan and
then super wonder boy in monster land in Europe my cartridge of this says super wonder boy
super monster land so inconsistent I don't know um it actually was retooled um for the
Famicom by uh Jaleco and it was uh redone as a version of journey to the west um Hudson
soft um brought it out for Famicom and PC Engine to be like a big hoodie man I guess
uh it came out um in Brazil as uh Monica no Castello though drag I guess I don't speak
Portuguese but I do know that they speak Portuguese in Brazil okay um and it was actually based
off of the Monica's gang comics that were in Brazil and it came out on mobile phones
in 2005 and for the virtual console in 2008 in Japan in 2009 over here in Europe it was
a sequel to the 1986 game wonder boy and it's 11 years after that game where everything
is peaceful and the evil king tom tom uh basically uh was gone and then uh wonder boy a fire
breeding dragon showed up and uh basically uh wanted to go in and conquer wonderland
putting it into monster land and crap happened so wonder boy popped up and he's like okay
I'll kill the mecha dragon whatever so anyway a lot of this is like I never cared about
the story when I was playing this I was like yeah got a sword so anyway um it uh had some
slow uh load times on the computers had some issues but it was super fun the master system
version is indeed the best home version that there is in my opinion that of many others
so um the way that it plays is you actually start off in the city of wonder without anything
um but the city's mayor gives you a sword and a revival potion and off you go it has
12 levels each of them have its own neat features and monsters and crap you use a d-pad to move
around and you got magic weapons that you can select and all kinds of skipping and jumping
and smiting things you have a life meter that starts uh that is uh red hearts and more you
can build them up as you go you start off with five and when you hit damage they turn
black kind of like zelda and you can get gold by uh killing things because apparently when
monsters die they barf gold or um you can hit trees and clouds because gold hangs out
in clouds all the time you also have an hourglass timer and when the hourglass runs out wonder
boy starts losing life but you can refill it by collecting more hourglasses in hospitals
or taverns because that's always where i look for my hourglasses is with some beer or sick
people of course of course gold hangs out in clouds where do the golden showers come
from on the zx spectrum version you had a candle for your timer for the master system
version you had a status screen so it's just to show you what you got how much uh gold
you have what your armor your equipment because i carry a status screen around with me all
the time too um i just usually whenever you see me drowning out it's usually i'm looking
at my status screen going damn i need more stuff um you also have the uh magic weapons
like i said before you have bombs that roll on the ground and fireballs and tornadoes
because i also carry tornadoes in my pocket and a thunder flash that damages everything
on the screen um so basically there's lots of little secret stuff in there it looks like
the character also in his weakest form is wandering around in a diaper yes all this
talk of golden showers and diapers is making me very sick just but it is one of the earlier
um roleplay games action adventure roleplay it was pretty fun came out on a bunch of stuff
like i said before and wonder boy in monster land is one of the uh i'd say one of the top
uh master system games and and really not surprised you know that it got its own special
release in brazil because they love the master system in brazil oh my gosh seriously there's
like like so many sega games were retooled like genesis games even were retooled to come
out on the master system because they love the master system in brazil um it it did really
well um got some pretty high uh ratings for uh like the lowest of its ratings were the
amiga followed by the commodore 64 master system though really really hit the top of
the the top of the chart and uh there were other games came out you know along the same
lines monster boy the wonder boy monster land though i'd have to put that up at pinnacle
all right and you know what i'm gonna check my status screen now there it is your classic
game of the week wonder boy in monster land arkadian i know you like the sega games you
have any fond memories of this one i've only played this one a little bit the thing is
i played before i played this one i played the third one once you are it's like the monster
boy third that's a monster boy uh wonder boy three the dragon's trap which is actually
one of my favorite games into a dragon i don't know if you i don't know isn't like right
at the start of the game you get turned into a monster yeah yeah it is because yeah you're
fully powered up at the beginning and then they once you defeat like defeat the dragon
there he puts a curse on you so you basically turn it into something yeah and then you have
to turn it into various other other creatures for the whole game and y'all yeah so that's
definitely you should look into that game for the future this is what i've got to play
this one a little bit and it's kind of hard at the beginning this is one of the cartridge
by the way and take a picture of it this is one of the few master system games i remember
playing that's why i was kind of excited to see this as the pick now some of the chatters
were thinking hasn't this game been done before nope you got to check our wiki um yeah dark
soccer is yelling from the other room it was alex kid and shinobi world and alex kid and
the series have some similarities um but no they're very different games so you can always
check our wiki because i know dark soccer does i think she's at the point where she
checks our wiki every and tonight's game is already on there that's how awesome our wiki
yes i do check the wiki which is i was gonna do alex kid and shinobi world and i was like
you know i had to have done alex kid and shinobi world so i will take a picture of super wonder
boy super monster land orange lounge radio dot wikia dot com is where that is all at
if you're curious meanwhile we're gonna take a break it's break time here at orange lounge
radio but don't go anywhere we'll be right back with plenty more we have more news coming
up twitter topics here's your chance to get your tweets in at twitter.com slash olr and
of course your phone calls at 1877 game olr in the second half of the show emails and
so much more we'll be back in just a little bit with more of orange lounge radio
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we are taping live on this december the 12th
of 2010 join our chat room at chat dot orange lounge radio dot com if you happen to be listening
to us live so you can participate with the show we'll be taking phone calls later on
at 1877 game olr and of course the twitter topics are coming right up uh orange lounge
radio isn't the only show some of us here in the studio produce so we've been trying
to really sell our spin-off shows lately the one i do is called horde house and it was
a huge week this week with the release of world of warcraft cataclysm if you have some
interest in world of warcraft don't worry we won't tell that you're downloading the
show and listening to it it's okay it can be our little secret just search for horde
house on itunes or whatever favorite podcast program you like we don't really have an official
website yet but you can get all the podcasts at horde house podcast dot blogspot.com i
think is where you can get all the mp3s directly if you're like ew i hate itunes ah so that'll
work dark sakura has a show too yes it's called comic insanity as in the letter n with no
i before it and we are on excuse me not on cough we're on infamous.net that's n-f-a-m-o-u-s
dot net and um it's me and uh marin marvel and dan shadow and we talk about comics usually
we'll discuss the stuff coming out and what we've read um all this um month we are doing
a best of like what was our favorite what was the worst you know how much uh tiara is
pissed off at that fraction for how he's writing iron man um he who shall not be named which
i can say on the show jeff lobe sorry thank you for ruining everything jeff lobe and um
you know talk about how you know much rob liefeld can't draw and all that there might
be some crossover like your it's like your favorite fanfic come to life this week because
um one of the hosts over on comic insanity who's not jamie wants to come be on horde
house and i'm we're gonna try to make that happen next that is so completely not a surprise
so we're gonna have everybody's favorite crossover fantasy of addicts and you're trying to get
me addicted just pass the needle over rob i'll make the puff puff pass i'll i'll wear
the track marks for you rob all right anyhow uh let's get into some gaming news some rapid
fire news loki yes um so this is more stuff kind of come well at least this one is coming
out of uh the spike video game awards um actually earlier this week they announced that uncharted
3 drake's deception is coming out now we know that it's coming out sometime in 2011 my guess
would be the fall and um apparently the game will fate will feature drake and partners
sully uh hunt for a lost city and journey that leads them to the arabian peninsula and
rubel cali desert and uh they said that the story not only lists from the life of sir
francis drake but also the british army officer and archaeologists te lawrence as in arabia
and uh this was kind of shown off a little bit um during the vga's and also they had
a preview in entertainment weekly that's crossing over for you now isn't it and of course you
know the movie that's gonna suck because mark fortunately mark walberg can be a good actor
sometimes and sometimes he can't act his way out he was in that movie the happening that
is all i have to say but he was good in um he ran from the wind loki okay but he was
good in another movie though uh nights no not that wasn't his peen just so you know
you know you know what he actually um the best thing i've ever seen him do was his uh
interview on top gear there was a movie where he was with uh leonardo dicaprio or something
like that um it was like some mobster i'll take your word for it but he was good in that
but yeah happening kind of wish it didn't happen but the riff track is awesome seriously
if you got to watch that movie once in your life watch it with the riff tracks um other
fun stuff and this is um kind of cool because it's been out on the pc and um the we but
now playstation 3 owners will get the chance to play strong grads cool game for attractive
people uh be coming out on um december 21st and it's also coming to mac as well um doesn't
really say what the pricing is going to be yet but apparently um you know they're saying
in comparison the pc right now all five episodes are um on sale for 29.95 so something maybe
around that price um that's kind of cool and then finally just you know rama is screaming
in the chat that the departed was a good movie that was the part yes that's the one that
he was in so um and finally uh if you're a fan of quake quake arena arcade is finally
coming to xbox live arcade on december 15th so you can uh check that out it's very similar
i think it's uh based off quake 3 arena this is the first first person shooter on xbox
in a very long time i'm really excited about and i hope other olr people are gonna play
because i actually really like quake good times so if you want to get fragged you have
to let me know any other like special features coming with that or is it just like a straight
up port of quake 3 or what it looks a little different um it's kind of it it doesn't really
say if it's going to be a little different i thought it was going to be kind of similar
to the one that they have right now like the uh browser game but maybe not i don't know
what were you saying over there dark sakura as i said what if we want to be faggled well
maybe i'll have to get um ssgo 100 matt to get that little thing on his controller that
plays the songs and every time i frag somebody i can do the theme song
that's enough all right uh some other quick news loki's just sitting there going i'm
just gonna play poker on my my uh little ipod what it is swords and poker i'm sorry swords
and my bad y'all my bad it's swords and poker because that's so different uh there's a new
ddr game coming out on the xbox 360 uh it will actually support the xbox live vision
camera oh come on no one has oh no one should have here's the deal guys it's pretty much
a port of the playstation 3 version just without the move stuff that's that's pretty much what
this is it's not even connect it's just ddr like you've known it but uh not quite it's
not universe i guess this is what that whole like remember when they were gonna like reboot
ddr and it was gonna have a new yeah this this is it but now it's just kind of landing
like a by the way that iterate come out on playstation 3 and the we yeah yeah yeah no
one cared yeah this is just this is just konami dropping the kids off at the pool that's really
what they're doing at this point but hey ddr fans hope you enjoy it uh coming to the psn
neo geo games see i kind of thought this was a dub because i seem to remember in the japanese
releases i was talking about a neo geo controller that was coming out for the playstation but
whatever some news is hitting out this week that starting december 22nd the neo geo station
is coming out on the playstation network and it will sell games for 900 yen for the playstation
3 versions of the game and psp versions of games for 700 yen so it's uh what games like
baseball stars professional magician road metal slug league bowling super sidekicks
no yeah it's magicians oh lord lord lord somebody made a typo typo in that one and unless that's
what it was called in japan yeah that could be what it was and art of fighting we're all
coming oh yay art of fighting you know what's funny i think i have all those games it's
basically game room on your paystation 3 with neo geo stuff and yes it'll be coming to the
u.s playstation network as well december 21st 899 for a ps3 game and seven bucks for a psp
game all in celebration of the 20th anniversary of the neo geo can you believe that dark sakura
20 years old we're old i have one also uh don't you have like several of a neo geo yeah
no i have i have a neo geo a neo geo cd and a cup one neo geo pocket and two neo geo pocket
colors so several well yeah but i was talking about the neo geo also one other quick thing
for you guys hey final fantasy 8 fans i got a story for both of you it's a story about
laguna from final fantasy 8 no i i'd love to get final fantasy 8 fans a hard time but
the story was really good and so uh laguna is actually coming back laguna is going to
be in final fantasy dissida duo decim that's the new dissida the sequel that's coming out
on the psp it was announced in shonen jump a weekly magazine in japan that uh laguna
is going to be one of the new characters that's kind of rad actually laguna was a really good
character and uh yeah i'm sure the final fantasy 8 fans will be pleased dark sakura well how
about something that isn't laguna mr fanboy wink i'm sorry i did not like laguna just
saying it was all about uh irvine and his gun but uh how about some billy joel kids
like billy joel and apparently kids are gonna like billy joel enough to have a billy joel
pack for rock band yay will it have we didn't start the fire in it let's see it's actually
a big combination it's billy joel the hits rock band edition big shot captain jack is
still rock and roll to me moving out the only only the good die young piano man pressures
say goodbye to hollywood the entertainer the stranger we didn't start the fire you may
be right and there are um i think which one has the expansion pressure has the uh pro
base expansion available so you know what there's a song that i should send you it's
the best recording of it i have weird al one of his live songs is it still billy joel to
me nice yeah i also speaking of billy joel there's this random warcraft video out there
where they did like the lyrics to we didn't start the fire but it's like the characters
running through storm wind that was dumb yeah it it's more of one of those things where
you go wow this is really dumb but a lot of work went into this really dumb project that
they pulled off pretty well i don't know uh salacious pop was was over when i was playing
it and you could hear the song playing and he was like ah you watching that video yeah
i knew exactly what it was when you started playing by the way that is the proper response
for that video and i was like i know exactly what that is it's not that great it's kind
of cool they got 60 people to waste an hour while someone ran frat and it wasn't even
60 people it was a bunch of just different people because you saw them like running because
they had time to get to the new next position yeah yeah yeah sorry dark soccer i just was
mesmerized by the next story well you're going to share with our listeners you're just going
to sit there and watch it um the next two characters that are going to be out for marvel
vs capcom 3 is crimson viper and storm and i don't give a shit about crimson viper because
crimson viper stands for cheap bitch but storm cool and it's even her uh more current comic
book outfit too so uh this is uh pretty awesome even though right now magneto's kicking her
in the face um also storm has a very impressive rack in this game so that's important yes
yes it is very important but of course it's looked like that her attacks might be actual
actually uh taken from um her old uh x-men versus street fighter just completely done
up and made incredible it's really pretty her uh ice storm attack is really really nice
and crimson viper is a cheap bitch she's hot though literally well yeah but why couldn't
they have put in um what's her face with the glowing feng shui there's going to be like
11 billion characters in this game anyway they can hey capcom put in strider here you
the end oh look there's morgan's or give us just a new strider game the end or bring strider
from the nes to the virtual console no i like that one i'm sorry it was based on it was
based off the comics and i know you're not a fan of the nes one it's like sega for life
one one one but uh the nintendo one was rad except for the triangle jump the triangle
jump can burn in hell for eternity but the the whole difference between that one and
the arcade slash genesis slash everything else version is that the nest one was based
off of the comics that came out the straighter here you manga so i'm i'm wow and dude black
spider-man that's awesome okay so how about some uh other other other other news and this
is having to do with uh fallout new vegas this is uh well a bunch of uh a bunch of fixings
of stuff the game is great i've seen it in action it's got stuff wrong with it um what
the fixes will now have is companions now show up as waypoints on the map companions
will always fast travel with you unless told to wait or sent away download content error
slash save corruption is fixed entering the strip after debt collector causes game to
crash and auto save corruption that's been fixed another fix is using the mohazi ex the
mohave express dropbox can cause dlc warnings that's fixed crafting menu now filters valid
bright recipes to the top of the list weathered pistol no longer glitches when applying mods
and also uh quite a number of other things were fixed and lots of fixes for pretty much
a ton of the quests so go up date fallout new vegas all right let's get to the twitter
topics let's go check the tweeter and uh see what folks are tweeting us this week twitter.com
slash olr if you want to interact with the show you want to say hey the twitter is a
good way to do that let's start with a tweet from blue swim tonight you remember blue swim
was the techno kitten adventure tweet that started that whole stuff all right this tweet
probably won't inspire an interview but it's interesting nonetheless it has to do with
a connect flying machine that's right apparently it's this whole thing where you do this mini
you have this mini copter and it sees itself in the connect and it avoids obstacles by
detecting them on the connect and it knows its own altitude it's crazy i guess there's
a backup motion capture device involved in everything but there's a youtube i have to
mute santa there for a minute so we can look at the youtube here in studio of this thing
in motion and i guess you can kind of actually see like how the connect senses things around
and now there there goes the copter it's flying all by its lonesome and i guess this guy's
going to take a cardboard tube and like try to whack it out of the air but it's going
to know that it's there and it'll say like oh i better fly away from that he's not trying
hard enough yeah he needs to be faster you could do like real baseball with this have
a baseball just floating in mid-air and then just flack right through the tv more like
t-ball maybe in this case k-ball t-ball i like that all right anyhow back to santa
do do do do do do uh let's see uh other tweets blue swim wants to know if we're if any of
us are going to pick up the super mario all-stars we port no anybody anybody if someone gives
it to me i'm sorry i can't wait to buy the mario game what you mean the new one no all
of them again and again forever uh some stuff from spazzinator is tweeting us to know uh
number one two quick notes for us number one i'd recommend that everyone catch the last
episode of fng live next friday it's a good show imho actually i don't want to sound like
debbie downer i thought it was already over but if it's not then yes you should um go
support our buddy bobby because i know he's worked very hard on that project and it's
a bummer but you know what they say all good things dot dot dot was the last episode of
star trek uh spazzinator also says as self-serving as it sounds and seeing that there's no official
blog posting for it follow me on twitter for news on psn video freebies you know you should
instead of doing it through your twitter dude get like a blog spot or a tumblr or something
and any idiot can have a blog look at us we have a podcast just go on itunes itunes is
living proof that any idiot can podcast you can do better than twitter spazzinator i know
you can i believe in you do you believe in spazzinator huh yeah yeah all right yes whatever
you just said rob no that was that was perfect that was fine funny t-man wants to uh link
us to look i found a techno kitten rip off oh my god the clone games i guess are starting
now there's a game on uh xbox live any marketplace that he links us to again this is funny t-man
on twitter called asteroids do concern me what and that's actually that was one of
the uh indie games that they had um oh i see some of the levels are serious but there's
like this third level here that's unicorns and pooping rainbows that's one of the ones
that they showed um you know as part of the indie games push that they're doing remember
right now um yeah it looked interesting so is there like a raver puppy odyssey game coming
out or something or no but it can it should that would be awesome let's see i'm looking
at the official trailer for asteroids do concern me let's see here waiting to see some gameplay
here we go oh this looks like the same type of thing where you use the button to float
up and down it just moves really fast and you collect orbs i have to admit this actually
looks a little more advanced than uh techno getting adventure where's the meowing but
i guess there's oh there's some cute little modes what's this okay double rainbow double
rainbow course what does it mean hey rob that one's cool doodle mode no no no it's awesome
though about that whole that game right there is part of that trailer where they're like
yeah we're sick of the people cloning games out there and they show off the games that
they have and the ones that they're pushing a lot of them are clones of other things but
see here's the thing you know why you can't call asteroids do concern me a rip off because
it's missing two very very very important things yes the gameplay is the same but here's
the thing techno and kittens it's that's right it's missing adventure you might say it's
missing adventure happy hardcore
everybody rave
you guys let's drop some e and make out oh my gosh you guys yay let's make some candy
i'll trade you this candy necklace for your candy wristband and then a big gust of wind
gets caught in their jenko pants wide like james may blow off
tiger claw 305 sends us some tweets blockbuster laughed at a netflix partnership proposal
in 2000 isn't it always funny you get these hindsight is 2020 stories and it's kind of
like look who's laughing now this is the story i think it is it was a part of the deal was
that the netflix brand had to remain and blockbuster was like no if we do anything it's got to
have the blockbuster name on it we don't think this is a viable way of delivering rentals
fail they thought it was a very small niche business this is just this is just some flash
in the pan that's gonna go away tvds over the mail come on that's like groceries to
your door this is some web van shit no no that's on the inner webs that's just college
kids and junkies on the inner webs i hate blockbusters so much so i get like the best
schadenfreude from anything you know why blockbuster ceo four types four types of cancer i'm like
that's because you run blockbuster gave it to you wow that's vicious what what that's
really horrible i'm being hyperbole why is it that um you know not all of them are corporate
run stores by the way yeah that's can i dig into this a little more hold on why do you
have such hatred for blockbuster they used to work for them there are certain movies
you have a sixty dollar late fee still don't know there are certain movies that they just
wouldn't carry like if it was a rated r movie but it was a lgbt themed movie like boys don't
cry with hillary snake they wouldn't carry it they just had this weird sort of censorship
like family friendly stuff it's bullshit let people rent movies what they want don't yeah
is that the showgirls with the bras drawn on yeah they would that's the copy if they
had a copy of showgirls at all that's the copy they would have so netflix all the way
i don't care all right and tiger claw links us to another uh tweet uh tweet an article
that i actually think is kind of cool it's about this mouse the shogun brothers chameleon
x1 mouse it actually lives a double life as a controller so i guess it's like one of those
like transformer things where it just goes one one one one one one and it can transform
into that controller that's kind of neat 55 dollars if you want it though nice that just
makes me think that it would get really linty and cruddy because like even if you you if
you use a mouse a lot they get kind of gross so i don't know why you'd want buttons on
there not my mouse my mouse smells like kittens and rainbows it's perfect i don't know what
you're talking about and lastly a tweet from gamer girl who wants us to know la mulana
rocks just saying you go ahead girl go ahead gamer girl with your la mulana there it is
our tweets twitter.com slash o l r act deft wants us to know that uh netflix isn't in
mexico he says since netflix doesn't exist here i'm still stuck with blockbuster and
it ain't it ain't bad it ain't bad yeah yeah all right i mean are mexican blockbusters
the same as the ones here or pretty much do they still sell like the candy up front like
as much as you pay for at the movie theater when there'd be like a 7-eleven next door
to get the same thing for like a sixth as much money just curious hey let's move on
to some more stories huh let's uh so of course the npd numbers just came out for the stuff
for november and it's a very interesting month because it is the last big month for games
um for the year usually because december's just crap anyways so of course one of the
highlights of is how well did the connect do and did pretty well it actually outsold
uh the playstation move five to one in november which is pretty impressive i'd say and um
also of course uh microsoft didn't do too bad with xbox 360 systems they sold 1.37 million
units in november and they said that it puts the connect uh bundle figure range around
uh 685 000 units and uh the move console bundles around uh 130 37 000 units and it says right
now global sales the top uh 2.5 million units and sony has reported 4.1 million playstation
movie units have been shipped to retailers though the company hasn't disclosed actual
sales numbers and let me be honest here um 4.1 million and 2.5 million i don't want to
sound biased or anything but i mean you're comparing move units versus the connect connect
you need one the move you may need up to four i mean that's a little you know and are they
counting the nav controller on top of that um you know it's a little wonky those numbers
but whatever fuzzy math exactly fuzzy math that they spin to make it look like the move
is doing better than it is and honestly the move is it's nice but the moving getting spots
on ellen the move isn't appearing in you know tv shows that's a little worrisome i guess
um some of the top games of course for uh november it's not a big surprise call of duty
black ops being number one assassin's creed brotherhood number two although number three
is kind of surprising just dance two is the top um title for november uh followed by madden
11 fable 3 donkey kong country returns need for speed hot pursuit gran turismo 5 mba 2k11
and we fit plus because people still buy we fit plus and of course with the connect titles
coming out it's um no wonder i mean you're gonna guess the best-selling title for the
connect other than obviously connect adventures because that comes with the actual units but
down central it was um the number 11 title um overall in sales for the month and the
top selling connect title as a standalone skew awesome and who says uh music games are
dead i don't know who people if harmonix is up for sale though that's uh not necessarily
um a good sign but maybe this will help buy it for two dollars stop all right uh the debt
though they can keep the debt apparently uh yeah there's some i've got a story and believe
it or not guys pay attention because it involves video games it involves pornography you ready
it has to do with nintendo porn uh apparently there's a website i've never heard of this
video game porn uh it received a notice from sy valence which is a company i guess it was
hired by nintendo uh saying that this site has been committing trademark violation because
they use the name nintendo to describe an image of a scantily clad woman who holds a
nintendo ds so it's like chick with boobies out plays nintendo ds and now nintendo is
like objection you can't say nintendo video game porn.net is that really oh you're looking
this up yeah is she dressed up like a like is she dressed up as zelda yeah where's her
boobies that's not porn that's just cosplay girls online okay there's some yeah geekgirlsonline.com
i guess is the site hey i just gave them free advertising oh well um i guess they actually
posted the full service i should read this this this will be fun we are an internet monitoring
agency representing nintendo of america inc we are writing to ask you to stop using the
nintendo properties in the hidden text visible text meta tags and or and or title and or
other links of the above reference sexual sexually explicit website you know what me
reading this just by itself isn't working for me this needs something what could this
use you know what i know i know play something sexy
nintendo's customers include many children and their parents unauthorized use of nintendo's
trademarks and works is harmful to those customers and will tarnish nintendo's reputation we
look forward to your immediate confirmation that you have taken the necessary steps to
resolve this matter to that end you may email us at stopinfringementatcyvalence.com i probably
shouldn't have given that out huh please note that these are automatic email boxes so typically
no response is sent as long as the problem is corrected what so in other words it's just
like this whole automated thing click button send cease and desist notice that's awesome
it's interesting and now everybody in studio is looking at geekgirlsonline.com i got bored
that wasn't the site that was just a link on the site oh i see it was video game porn.net
i want to see the naughty oh look at oh she is definitely using a dsi to cover up her
naughty bits and like i like this because in one in one picture here she's showing okay
i'm i'm using the dsi to take a picture of my panties you see that that's one picture
and then in another she's she's using the dsi she's holding it up to her face and she's
like oh maybe i'll take an artful picture with my dsi and then the last picture she's
just fingering her pussy and there's no dsi whatsoever it's just hey i decided to put
it away guess where i put it i found a new toy my yeah my mind the jokes right now please
by all means that you're gonna ruin your stylus you have to get another one you try what's
that's why she has an xl her belly button has very awkward placement doesn't her belly
button kind of look like really left of center like doesn't that kind of like look like a
gunshot that is where the stylus is right now i don't know it's perspective rob either
that or bad photoshopping you're trying to play scribble knots and you can't draw you're
like what is wrong with this stylus it's all gross what happens if you put horror in scribble
knots does it just not know does it just go all right dark soccer you have some other
news for us unfortunately it probably won't involve boobies no but it involves amazon
so and amazon's have one boob i guess anyway um now i just it's already been going on here
but now um amazon uk is going to be paying for old games and trade-in you can uh print
up a prepaid delivery label for your box and sorry i was thinking of the last story and
for example if you send in medal of honor you'll get a 23 pound uh gift card credited
to your account that's a heavy gift card i see how's british money joke i like that okay
then i'll change it for just dance too you get 15 quid how's that for assassins creed
brotherhood 28 quid so now you can't make a joke about that well we could it probably
just wouldn't be funny but i think it's like up to three and uh if your game's broken they're
gonna send it back and uh they'll basically just send you a confirmation say you can have
the money or you can't and then they'll send it back in two weeks a faulty really faulty
stuff may be just thrown away so i guess maybe it's a free way of getting rid of shit you
might get stuff back but it's supposed to be again three a month there's an ad on that
page you're reading from this as insert coin and i can't help but thinking that's what
the girl is trying to do in the picture i was looking at the one that said in soviet
russia games make you stronger uh i i can't get off of uh boobs uh and apparently neither
can our chat room there's uh jokes about the res trans vibrator uh the ps3 controller that
vibrates uh tiger claw saying that stylus is not a suppository put that down all these
gems coming from chat that's not where you put a suppository com suppositories go in
your ass not your cooch some girls like to play with both you ever heard of the shocker
yeah but i was saying it's not a suppository we're gonna do a math lesson for dark sakura
two plus one is fun professor latin in the case of the cantankerous clitoris i wish i'd
taken a picture of the gesture that rob made when he made his little addition thing that's
not on my algebra final solar flare in our charm says i thought nintendo already knew
about their products in porn they sell the rubbers for their wiimotes oh we condom joke
i like that you know what olr needs we need a contest vibrator best slash fiction involving
nintendo characters and it should just be as absurd as possible do you think there's
some good mario i've read absurd uh absurd fan fiction although i don't think it was
really nintendo related but it's actually i have in the past found metroid fan fiction
let's see i typed mario peach slash into google and i got this website that came up oh it's
newgrounds oh oh this is called son of a peach what's it rated is if it's m or a then automatically
we'll know it's something good it's m okay okay so mario's rescuing the princess thank
you mario the kingdom is saved now you will get a nice reward oh thank god this is a radio
show wow the princess is gonna just get mario from behind while he's on i don't know he
just got one day shotgun wedding all right that's you know nine months later she's in
labor that goes those are labor pains you're eating right now oh it's baby luigi oh no
now baby yoshi's coming out and baby you know what's funny is that video is probably like
six years old and we're we're just now playing this like it's something brand spanking new
there's the link in chat so you guys can it was pretty funny giggle with us and the 13
year old that made that six years ago now has some web shockwave html5 has a baby of
his job you know making tons of money got his start in high school making mario porn
why didn't nintendo send a cease and desist to that that's my question that's tasteful
because they're calling up legal and they're like they hang up the phone they're like this
is hot i'm gonna wait i'm gonna see how this ends labor is not hot no it's very disgusting
all right ramen our term says mario you are not the father all right let's move on please
quick loki we need a new story quick something that doesn't involve boobs and mario labor
okay um so apparently there's this comment going around um from ea games president frank
uh gabow he believes that the future of the game industry will come um from multiplayer
games says that we're uh ea is very comfortable moving the discussion towards how we make
connected gameplay be it cooperative or multiplayer or online services as opposed to um fire forget
packaged goods only single player 25 hours and you're out he says um i think the model
is finished yeah finished for them basically to translate this in layman's peak he believes
that games should have more of an online component which they charge money for and also more
download content later on so that it extends the gameplay beyond 25 hours which they charge
money for and um you know possibly some sort of massive multiplayer online service which
they would also change more anymore so basically he wants to charge more money for stuff well
i mean i hate to say it but isn't there kind of maybe a hint of truth to this like because
you know i think about okay well uh facebook games are a part of where gaming seems to
be going at least is the next big thing and most of that is multiplayer certainly there's
lots of money to be made in mmos heck most of the single player games that are out these
days even final fantasy 13 was there download content that ever came out on playstation
3 for it i think it was rumored but besides that the trophies and the achievements kind
of add to this more cohesive multiplayer experience on xbox live and playstation network granted
not every gamer is connected on their system and some people are quite content playing
the games by themselves but even people that don't know how to get their um xboxes online
and stuff have probably at least played bejeweled blitz once in their life right yeah i just
think that i've never played it you know this is kind of an excuse to say oh well we don't
need to worry too much about the single player experience because people are just gonna play
the multiplayer experience and you haven't played bejeweled blitz but you played knights
of the clicky it's even worse yeah which by the way i know i'm a little early but f you
to knights of the clicky because it just deleted like three of my friends the other day just
like oh really like two of them are friends of mine i talk to every day did you send had
to send a re-invite or something i didn't try that yet i was hoping it would fix itself
it will if they do you know if they removed the game like deleted the game from their
own profile like they've had enough they're getting intervention maybe i don't know one
of them was xlink so xlink did you delete the game what'd you do i don't know yeah he's
still on mine so that shouldn't happen no see i think he probably just deleted me from
his friends list he's like i'm sick of all these vlogs and uh keyboard cat videos i'm
just deleting rob for my friends list that's probably what really happened
anyhow now we'll get a phone call later for sure oh rob we still love you all right you
better uh here's another uh speaking of multiplayer places where multiplayer things are happening
you know this is the future low-key playstation home i mean surely this is what the guy from
ea was talking about right was playstation home was where the multiplayer is at can you
believe playstation home has been out for two years that's right a sony press release
came out this week celebrating the second birthday of playstation home over 17 million
users have visited home uh for two minutes and then they and then they left right they
have participated in over 600 community events so what that means obviously is collectively
those 17 million users played 600 community events um let's see uh some of them were sponsored
by game developers and so on some of them were more unofficial sodium 2 is coming out
next spring oh goody and conspiracy a multiplayer spy puzzle game from jet set games is coming
out as well i just want to know when the furry sex lounge is coming out because that's let's
just call it what it is i mean why are we wasting our time hello by the way i tried
to do the ddr thing couldn't do it home is the future now it's time for some of you to
visit our our home not literally uh we want you to send us emails and interact with us
mailbag at orange lounge radio.com is the place for you to send us emails dark sakura
dives into the email bag every week and read some emails this is a great way to interact
with us if you don't listen or can't listen live every sunday night we always love emails
mailbag at orange lounge radio.com this was the email that was uh um referred to earlier
hey sky and dark sakura sorry loki i don't know if you're able to purchase the wild games
at the moment at this at the awesome sale prices yet i didn't see any sale prices by
the way i think it's done it'll be back it'll be back but here is an alternative it sounds
like jamie had a wow account in the past so if rob sends her skull of resurrection via
blizzard's website then he gets a free month when a month of paid game time is applied
to jamie's account including a 10-day non-restricted free trial rob can simply buy jamie a month
of a game as a present no games or expansions will have to be purchased and play for 40
days and try out the new old world content just an idea from horde house podcast number
one fan flaco jones flaco jones but that's okay uh yeah i think it's a great idea i can't
believe i didn't even think of the scroll of resurrection but that's a great idea the
thing is i when was the last time it played if it was more than two months ago i think
you're eligible okay which i mean you you're more than six months out aren't you no i think
i'm actually a year out because i got star trek online didn't i get it last christmas
i don't know no i didn't i got it so yeah i think star trek online came out like february
i think the beta test is going on yeah yeah yeah so i've been playing star trek online
since it was in beta that was star trek online was in beta around the time you and i started
dating right yeah so i think it was last christmas so yeah so i so i've been and i quit world
of warcraft to play star trek online uh yeah i could get you like a 60-day card and then
you'd have your two months right there and yeah it'll be like a little present and then
i get a free month out of it so hi and that means that i don't have to actually quit and
you can still experience the new content you'll be able to play you said you had through burning
crusade you'll be burning crusades the only thing you can't do is play a worgen so you
won't and to be honest i'm not i don't really give a shit about worgen so you'll be able
to play to level 70 which is a long time i'm gonna play a goat chick again draenei are
awesome the draenei were cool they're really cool i think they're they are probably the
most underrated class in wow next it was my favorite yeah except that you know my whole
okay here's what the problem i ran into was when i hit level 20 i was like what the fuck
do i do now i'm on i'm off the island i'm on this place on a boat i'm on a boat in fact
i think i remember actually standing out and shouting i'm on a boat but i don't know what
to do now i don't know where anyone is i don't know what anyone's doing and the only issue
you would have is that the draenei and the blood elf starting areas were the only areas
that weren't changed with this new expansion so it's still on the same quests and everything
but i have a level 20 draenei already oh i guess that's true what she would still definitely
benefit from is the new hero bulletin board in any capital city there's a bulletin board
where you right click it and it says and it'll look at what level you are and it's like we
could really use your help in redridge mountains because you're level 25 and it's like oh and
then it'll give you a breadcrumb quest to go talk to someone in x own that's that's
new and that's awesome i kind of dig that i mean this is one of the things that i like
to i really really like about star trek online is that first of all i can play i've completely
except for like playing a few things with some of my fleet friends i've done all of
my leveling myself i've done all my missions myself and i like the missions because it's
like okay well you do this oh no this leads to this thing and it's all in the same area
you know like one of my favorite my favorite mission that i've done to date is the uh the
one that i said was like silent hill where it's the stupid most stupid uh next generation
uh bad guys was the davidians the ones that were the psychic leeches that were just slightly
out of phase with reality these blue glowing creatures and they figured a way back in you
have to go in the past you have to go in the present but when but they've screwed up the
electronics in this old station to where this hologram that's trapped there is psycho and
trying to kill you and it's like calling out creepy stuff it's very silent hill and all
you have is your flashlight and everything and you know that was my favorite but you
know you get to this one point and then you hear the voice and and another thing happens
and that's why i like this something that builds and builds and builds on top of each
other which is what i wasn't really getting out of world of warcraft before well it's
settled i'm gonna get dark soccer a 60-day wow card as a chris mccay gift and uh then
it's a win-win situation because i won't have to hear as much star trek nerd chat on this
show hearts but i was using it as a basis of comparison i give you shit because that's
what i've been doing for the past nine years i know but but my point is is that that's
the type of missions i like and if there's stuff like that now in world of warcraft because
honestly there really wasn't there was it was like okay will you take your deer and
skin their corpses yeah that was really it i'm like but only one in every six deer has
a skin apparently yeah which they they fix that yeah whereas if i have a scanning mission
it's beam to the planet scan five of these items you're done and you run up to the items
and you just scan them and that's it and i call those my free xp ones that oh look at
the pretty textures you know things rama is starting the you sold out chance uh tiger
claw says it's an excuse to get dark soccer on horde house and uh death wishing says crack
rob's buying soccer a crack to get a free hit a crack and again keep in mind there's
no guarantee i'll stick with it again because i am on star trek online i'm in a fleet i
play with scottish men who i love playing with my scottish dudes yes but if you come
to wow you can be in a guild full of gay men oh that is fantastic i don't know what what
wins scottish are gay now if i had scottish gay i would mcgregor well he's not gay but
he's there to dream that would be hot i i've my brain i went to my status screen my internal
status screen now is uh going blink blink blink blink because i just am at it in scottish
and gay do we have any gay scots that listen to the show please email us immediately dark
soccer friend send me voicemail my number is five five five four four four four all
right let's the call will talk next email
oh scottish and gay that's just hot anyway um oh uh thought i'd bring to your attention
interesting bbc commentary airing the uk this evening while you won't be able to see it
on iPlayer in the us i'm certain you'll be able to acquire it after airing courtesy courtesy
of the torrential deluge of data sharing i see what you did there i love it the link
will direct you to an interview conducted by Eurogamer with director of the show following
an exclusive preview screening i'm going to pull up the article in a second it might be
worth bringing the issues raised to a wider global audience although i'm sure like me
your stance on this and the implications such issues place on personal responsibility will
remain unchanged keep up the good work nigel um let me see what the article is i'm sorry
every time um though i see the name nigel that xtc song goes into my head making plans
for nigel i i don't follow didn't you listen to xtc no um let's see the article says um
oh it's about how about uh video games being addictive uh we i'm just gonna quote this
a little bit um we spoke to director and producer um emikayo no no about why panorama chose
to highlight the issue and thinks the industry should be less defensive about it okay leo
22 played world of warcraft for 12 hours per day for two years and calls it a disease um
that was your problem dude anyway another email and by the way thank you nigel give
us a call sometime leave us a voicemail what is going on with shanmu 3 is there actually
one coming out thanks and this comes from jesus j-e-z-u-s how do you know it's not
jesus because it's with a z so wait jesus listens to the show apparently it's i'm gonna
it's jesus i've said some pretty bad things on this show before i better uh wash out my
mouth with some soap jeebus so yeah uh is shanmu 3 coming out sorry i wasn't listening
to jesus what is jesus asking what is going on with shanmu 3 is there one actually coming
out thanks on mobile phones in japan i think there's like a shanmu 3 but otherwise it's
just a fanboy dream keep on keep hope alive and he uh emailed twice nothing official no
more jesus i'm sorry jesus i'm jewish click if jesus can't use his divine will to put
it out then it's never happening because it's not divine that's jesus should be able to
take like some extra copies of like final fantasy 14 and turn them into shanmu 3 right
oh we're getting so much hate mail this week all right it's all in good fun if he can't
laugh it yourself laugh get the tree trunk out of your ass no come on have fun just tease
in just have a little fun i'm gonna get some wow i'm gonna get some i feel rob i feel funny
oh i feel dirty uh the it'll burn for a couple days but then it goes away my arm is itching
let's go to the fus of the week
i had a bunch of fus leading up into something but you know the only thing that i'm actually
remotely bitter about and it's more of a wow how could you think this and it's completely
shallow so pardon me for being completely shallow but um and again i don't want to say
i do this because it's one of my friends i thought it was a really sweet gesture but
i don't wear a 3x l uh-ohs that's like that's like that's girl drama right there yeah that's
oh boy i i don't even like asking a girl if she's pregnant i don't do that i don't even
wear an xl my t-shirt size is large the only xl i wear is if i buy boys t-shirts because
i have the rack of duty you know any other thing too okay this is kind of a long drawn
out story i'm not going to go into it and i completely misunderstood what my friend
said okay one of my friends on facebook was feeling angry because someone verbally belittled
her for what she was wearing to an event and she said she was thinking well at least i
have children and you don't now i thought it was because you know i've been trying i
thought it was okay is that all the value a woman has what the hell kind of response
is that too like i have children and you don't like she went back and explained it to me
that it's i have to pay for my children you don't have to pay for your for any children
i have expenses that you don't i have responsibilities that you don't that's what she meant i didn't
see it that way because i've been a little bitter um damn you uris um but uh one of her
friends has like started going in three all caps locked posts by the way about i've adopted
all these children and i've had the court waive my costs and everything and i was like
dude like don't what are you doing adopting children if you can't freaking afford them
that's almost as bad i mean i i guess you're trying to do something good but you know and
my response to her was i don't care you're not my friend this the person who made the
first post she's my friend you are not this isn't about you and so when i went to check
on it an hour later all of those posts were deleted facebook serious business but i'm
saying i'm saying it's just like that's that's leading up to this fu nobody needs to know
your personal shit we don't care if you're not our friend we don't care saying all this
stuff to make yourself be all holier than thou just makes you look bitchier than thou
the end i like that bitchier than thou that should be my drag name all right uh loki do
you have any oh where'd the fu music go it went away loki do you have a few music or
a fuse to go with the music uh yeah fe the comcast for having to put a new drop to our
house which is gonna take 10 days basically it's the line that goes from the cable box
out front to my house that's the one that's messed up so i don't have internet for that
much uh longer thankfully though i have hacked my phone to be able to wi-fi tether to it
so i have i've had slow internet but uh i'd rather have fast internet i also bought a
docsis 3 modem now so it should be even faster when i do get it working that's it um i don't
have a whole lot actually my fus are um pretty you know just just fu to um not having enough
money to take any extravagant holiday trips because i'm gonna have an entire week off
of work this year just due to situations and and you know uh just me having extra pto in
them encouraging me to take it basically uh so i'm gonna have a whole week off and nowhere
to go so f you that fact i mean there might be other things going on that will definitely
take my time but uh fu to getting old and not having trips to take slices pop do you
have any fus fus to buying something digitally and then not having it post to your banking
until like seven days later and kind of scurrying up the mental math of how much money you thought
you had when you're on employment on a fixed budget and you expect something that you buy
to just show up the next day and um also a fu to just playing a new type of social game
and just be nervous about being inexperienced all right how about our kdm 42 do you have
any fus f you to dry air and winter and how that makes my skin get all itchy and crappy
and it's always sucky and uh fu to being behind on everything just doesn't work all that stuff
all right f you to the winner i don't know if winter can be okay sometimes but yeah i
don't like i don't i don't like the changes my body goes through either all right loki
and myself have one more story apiece for you guys then we're gonna get to the skype
line at 1877 game olr but first a couple quick stories for you guys uh what we were alluding
to earlier when we were talking to bobby and also uh i think we may have made this joke
during the show uh apparently a cyprus hill backup singer is suing rock star take two
over grand theft auto san andreas yes that's right um apparently um back in the day i guess
michael shag washington um he i guess spoke with the developer and stuff um about his
troubled youth it says um he claims that he met with rockstar 2003 to talk to them about
his street life for their upcoming game including the description of his troubled youth and
specifics of how the teenager teenagers in his gang rode around on bicycles um apparently
he's saying um you know he didn't even know that i guess he's never seen san andreas in
action until july when his nephew is playing it this is the plaintiff had never seen the
game or had never seen the game he did not um own or play video games uh the complaint
admits of further explaining upon examination of the images of cj in comparison with his
photo from that year and other evidence became clear that rockstar had stolen his image and
never paid him so now he's claiming um he was asking for 25 of the profits from san
andreas which were approximately 20 or 250 million dollars so you know 75 million dollars
of that i guess and take two of course is saying that the case is completely without
merit now part of me goes like crazy guy is very crazy and i think we can all agree this
can't be based on his real life if this was his real life having sex with hookers and
then shooting him in the face i mean he'd be in je he'd be dead from the state that
they would have executed him years ago you know i'm sorry but he wasn't the only person
i'm sure that was in a gang that rode around on a bicycle i mean come on but and i don't
think you know and i like how he says oh well the character looked like me well the character
can look like whatever you want because you can customize your character in the game is
here here's the other interesting thing is that i mean he claims that you know he filed
the lawsuit and so he must this this meeting he had with rockstar must not be fake like
that must have actually happened right because otherwise he'd be really stupid to file a
lawsuit and that can easily be disproved that rockstar never met with him but i wonder like
maybe rockstar met with a bunch of people and this is just like it's called doing research
yeah you know you do research surely he should have signed something way back then during
that initial meeting that was like you know this is just for informative purposes and
you you're not compensated beyond maybe xyz or your song being in the game or a special
thank you credit or something like that it's just yeah pretty much this seems kind of excessive
it does and it's also like too too late isn't there like a statute of limitations i guess
not but probably not tiger claw in our chat room says if the game is based on his life
then so is the hot coffee if you know what i mean i don't think it's based on his life
at all i mean it doesn't sound like this meeting was in great detail it's fiction it was based
on no one's life it's like it's like when a person is going to play a wrestler in a
movie so that person hangs out with other wrestlers to kind of know what a wrestler's
life is like that doesn't mean that you model your character directly after somebody right
don't they do this shit don't actors do this shit all the time with movies right method
acting that's yeah i wouldn't think it's that much different anyhow one more story for you
guys and it has to do with something we reported on previously an 8-bit remake of dj hero that
was out there on the internet it has been taken down from the official website why because
of a cease and desist letter from universal music publishing group there was a little
bit of back and forth going between the creator eric ruth and the universal music publishing
group and you can read the whole exchange over at what picky picky mall dot com blog
dot it's picky geek whatever this is and the whole little exchange really strikes me as
like kind of unprofessional and i don't see any signatures in it and so it's i don't know
like i read this and i go part of it reads like fanfic to me but whatever um for whatever
reason the game is now gone i mean but you know what they say once it hits the internet
it's always on the internet so it's not like you can't can't find this thing on torrent
sites and so forth and honestly the news about it getting taken down probably just makes
more people want to download it because ha i have the file i'm not supposed to have it's
just it's just like why wikileaks is such a big deal but not to get on another tangent
but people just like to have shit they're not supposed to have that's what it is it's
e-peen anyhow another interesting twist in the story and dark tetsuya had mentioned this
in our mod forum and uh sure enough it's either a heck of a coincidence uh eric ruth is the
real name of an artist that used to do bimani related things named dj potato with an e and
i can't remember if we ever had him on this show i don't think we did but i remember we
banned one of his songs from the old station because it was so so terrible and you'll just
have to google it if you want to find out about that but it's kind of funny that now
and i where are they now bimani people five years later that's the same eric ruth though
i know i'm thinking it's kind of a common name but then i go well games but i don't
know does dark tetsuya did dark tetsuya have something else to to show that or is that
just a coinky dink do i need to email dj potato and be all like is this you is this you bra
is this you we'll see so i'll have to see if there's anything else that comes out on
that but otherwise uh kind of interesting where are they now bimani people oh loki dark
sakura and sky are still doing that little podcast they started years ago and we had
iguana girl on here a few weeks ago i know we've been talking about episode 400 we're
gonna get a whole lot of the uh old people together that would be fun by the way that's
only seven weeks away we might want to start planning that all right that's it for the
news we're done let's go to the skype line 1877 game olr or our username on skype is
orange lounge radio all one word uh 1877 game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge
radio the skype line is now open for business and dark tetsuya says dark tetsuya says it
was in the read me it says dj potato with an e in the read me file so it is the same
guy yeah all right that's proof enough to me interesting all right maybe we should like
get him on the show i don't know but then i'm worried the topic of like old songs will
come up and then it'll get really awkward all right solar flare we're not doing a marathon
for episode 400 dream on all right 1877 game olr our username on skype is orange lounge
radio we have a call coming in right now hi you're on orange launch radio who's this this
is x link hi x link what's on your mind buddy you should know me i'm your friend from facebook
that didn't befriend you i well apparently you somehow have left my circle of knights
of the clicky friends so i don't know what happened it's probably because i've been inactive
because of a certain other clicky game that we're all too familiar with because we're
also all in another guild called wow i see so when wow when kata came out i kind of like
totally abandoned all my facebook games for a while so but i'm pretty sure i have people
on my facebook who haven't played that game but the first time they ever played it like
did marissa ever play past one day i doubt she did i don't know i don't know if she's
listening you have to tell me marissa if you ever kept up nights of the clicky well for
whatever reason i just thought maybe you didn't want to be my friend anymore on nights of
the clicky but maybe you just didn't want to click on my chest anymore to help me store
more gold and no no no i do i seriously do is just there's a lot going on and i really
prefer us getting all the little guilds perks and stuff so we can get our 50 or 60 bonuses
when we start killing stuff then you know play nights of the clicky and getting you
a broadsword all right so i have to ask how's warcraft cataclysm going for you since it
was the big game released this week well it's going good since it got me addicted to it
um it was fine i i went out and i ran to the you know i was one i always wanted to be in
one of those lines during the midnight launching of something so i decided to go see how it
was it was very interesting um and it was very intriguing to see the all the people
qqing and cussing i can't get in what the fuck and you know and well what the hell's
going on and it was just funny hearing the people bitch and moan for like the first like
four or five hours of trying to get into the game and they can't get in and try and become
the first of different it was over in like 10 minutes we ran black rock caverns before
1am but we were prepared to go you know i mean there was a group of like five of us
that we had emailed earlier in the day and it was like okay we're gonna be outside the
understood the dungeon at 11 59 p.m and then you're you're the one who you're the one on
your other podcast that went off and saying talking about how i told you guys that you
had to log out and you guys you didn't really believe me at first and i'm like yeah there
was a blue post that's specifically stated if you're in game by time that thing rolled
around that you have to uh actually log out and then re-log back in i i you're right i
didn't believe you it's not because i don't like you it's just one of those things where
i thought like i thought that blizzard had set this whole thing up so it was supposed
to be a seamless transition i thought it was going to be like magic i didn't think the
servers were going to boot us or anything so it just seemed really weird to me that
all of a sudden it was like now you gotta reboot and it didn't say anything like it's
like it's the cable company yeah well so anyway yeah but it whatever i mean yeah it was 10
minutes of nerd rage but then it was over and we were doing our quest it was fine but
then you guys were doing your dungeons while i'm doing the uh the uh the new profession
so how is archaeology that's something i haven't touched yet is a loads of fun but it's very
tedious and time consuming it'd be it's because you jump from place to place to place and
they're all random so you could go halfway to the bottom of the continent and then have
to fly all the way up to the top for another big site so it can take a little bit but um
there's supposedly there's going to be mounts and other items and pets i got like two pets
so far i didn't get any amounts as of yet um but uh there's like little uh uh trinkets
that does like um uh one was like it would like show the the dwarves dancing which which
our guild got the scene so um it there's a lot of odds and ends to it it's it's very
perfect they're supposed to add stuff to it which i would wait to see him and suppose
to add some war to the game so it'll be very interesting to see how that transaction plays
out all right we'll see what happens anything else you want to share with listeners tonight
xlink um no that i'm one of the few people in your guild that's not gay but that's okay
but you know i still love you anyways you can you can still fake a scottish accent pretty
good right no i cannot all right you're not even gonna try no not at all you're no fun
at all just so you know i'm sorry all right you i just can't do a scottish accent that's
all all right well i i understand you're not gay and you're you're very happy with your
girlfriend and you're very secure and all that stuff but you do like musicals right
uh yes oh yeah i'm just yeah so i'm not going down that road either i don't know how much
you guys hate that so all right all right i'm letting you go i'm just it's gonna be
a hard time all right bye all right i'll talk to you guys later bye 1877 game olr or username
on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call give us a call let's walk
1877 game olr or username on skype is orange launch radio loki do you have any last minute
stories while we're waiting for the phone ring um yeah turbo graphic 16 emulation is
coming to the ipod and iphone um they're going to be doing something similar to like the
commodore 64 um client that's out there it says you're going to um get the actual emulator
which will come with uh olympic style world champions uh or was it world sports competition
for free and then each day hudson will select one game from the library and make it available
um through the app for uh a free three minute trial and each um individual game will be
available um for 399 all right let me go back to the phone hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this death wishing death wish hey what's on your mind death wishing besides being really
tired because i rode 60 miles on my bike uh wait why'd you ride 16 miles on your bike
because i'm working out i want to have big huge quads i see oh you got to impress the
ladies uh yes with my massive meaty legs yeah sure whatever i see you gotta have beefcake
legs all right that's fine all right well good luck with the bike riding well what's
on your mind tonight what the hell is up with this grand prison like i'm was at my friend's
house i'm playing it and i realized 200 cars is ungodly beautiful you can take pictures
of them it's almost like that's all the games good for is taking pictures of cars and like
wanking but i know it's like i'm going through 200 cars lists and like wow these are beautiful
all of a sudden i get to one car and it looks like playstation one it's like they made this
great game and so the game is like a burger and then the bacon that's supposed to be wrapped
around it is like three weeks old interesting analogy um do you think maybe possibly i know
i know this might be hard to believe but do you think maybe a game company rushed the
game to get it out at a certain time i mean i know we like didn't just have a story on
that earlier in the evening but do you think maybe they rushed this car and just made it
out of you know triangles and basic shapes to get it in there i think they just got fed
up with all these like oh you have to push it back oh we got to push it back we uh messed
up on a tire thing our developer he's a neat freak and he keeps on trying to make the cars
look beautiful then soon they're just like fuck it we'll make it so you can drive a go
kart and backwards and win a race you know what would be awesome is that if gran turismo
had like more of a sense of humor and they put some funny cars in the game like uh for
instance like how about an old covered wagon with oxen could actually be one of the cars
like you have a you have a river that you're trying to uh ford to get across that could
be like an awesome car that was like one of those like little like barbie jeeps yes a
barbie jeep or a flintstone car where the guys are running to get it i remember one
of the old need for speed games had a bunch of different codes you could put into races
different things and then one of the things that they had like a lot of them were background
objects like you could race as a log you could race as a t-rex statue we used to have log
races all the time it was awesome or a log with the t-rex chasing after you and like
like meter made cars and all sorts of crazy shit or where you can race as the horse and
daytona wait i have a question when you would do the log races would you actually all sing
this song i'm not tired how could this song not wake you up i'm gonna put this on my alarm
clock wait here's my favorite part
there was an old ass male client like back in the days before outlook i'm gonna look
at salacious pop because i know only he's gonna understand this there's an old male
client back before there was outlook called eudora that you could use and whenever you
got new mail the new mail sound was do do do do do do and it was the log theme and every
time i got a new email i would just start singing what rolls downstairs hops over in
pairs runs over your neighbors dog it's very fun all right the only the only good kick
song is that you are a pirate song i don't know that you are a pirate song yes you do
the one that was a little do what you want because the pirate is free do what you want
because a pirate is free you are a pirate and it had the little dancing part in the
middle that girl was like a 4chan loli icon just saying i think this is the song i should
put on my email client now when i get emails and obviously we have a rapist in lincoln
park he's climbing in your windows that guy's like a d-list celebrity now like they they
get pictures of him out and about in la he has a fucking shirt at hot topic now he has
two shirts at hot topic actually but i like the one that says run tell that like run dmc
shirt um the other thing you could raise as was an outhouse i i remember that now oh death
wishing i don't remember what you called in to talk about but did you have anything else
you want to ask us tonight um i'm kind of like a mind fudge right now all right well
hide your wife hide your kids and hide your husband too because they're raping everybody
on out here you're raping everybody all right have a good one oh by the way if you're looking
at songs like that look up the best cry ever autotune remix is that the uh one that was
on saturday night live it's the one no it's this video this guy from that show like intervention
or something and he cries he's like wow they parodied that on saturday night live didn't
they wait hold on hold on i think they did a parody of it hold on we're looking what
am i not because i know somewhere deep down in my heart that's what it is it's so sad
but so funny uh actually this guy seriously has a problem but it's it's like how do you
cry like that i i don't know um all right but hold on we need our own call time okay
that's fine that's fine but i know this has nothing to do with video games but i just
wanted to say the best uh the best clip from intervention however that they made was this
it wasn't the autotune it was this program contains this is the best clip to ever come
from intervention oh my god i love you i'm walking on sunshine thank you for uh thank
you for uh bringing the level of the show down tonight we really needed a death wing
death wishing it okay my my iq levels like drop select 50 now from all this all right
well congratulations all right this story is happy end all right bye death wishing the
fuck was that call seriously
where's my olr i want it back who stole my olr you're the one that went looking up the
other intervention video rob 1877 game olr or our username on skype is orange launch
radio did you have any other stories for us loki wait no never mind we have we have other
calls coming in i'd like to get to hi you're on orange launch radio who's this this is
zeba hi zeba how are you i'm doing well how about you good a long time listener first
time caller right no i called before oh i guess it was just i called about the pinball
thing oh yes that's right i remember that i do remember that okay i'm just all right
so dumb the reason why i called was i recently bought um my boyfriend um a commodore 64 for
christmas you are like the best girlfriend ever that is we both of us have never had
one uh-huh so and he's like really into like old uh um stuff like that and uh i just wanted
to ask you guys what kind of game should i get because i really don't know okay like
every great arc no that's why every great 80s arcade game was had a version on the commodore
64 it's like anything you can think of even if it was like nintendo or sega like uh donkey
kong had a version uh on commodore 64 if you can find uh this game it was uh an awesome
commodore 64 game called the great giana sisters it was like a mario brothers ripoff and it
was so bad they actually had to take it off store shelves but you could probably find
it like on websites you know of shadier means and burn them to a five a five and a quarter
floppy these days uh great giana sisters is awesome okay how are you gonna put in a floppy
when there's no floppy drives actually i found floppy disks i found i'm gonna go to the best
one hey do you got five and a quarter floppy disks i could buy will you please let me finish
sorry thrift stores aha smart lady shops yeah or uh auctions like if there's like flea markets
and auctions a lot of times you can find old stuff there uh you might even be i don't know
if you would actually find commodore 64 games those are really hard to find now however
never do business on ebay with trader dan because he will rip you the fuck off keep
in mind there's still making with that there's still a lot of commodore 64 community out
there uh you might even be able to find like a cartridge that has like a usb thing in the
back like i don't even know like how these things there's got to be ways that you can
get because i know there's a huge modding community out there uh so yeah i guess loki
makes a good point as far as like actually getting the game on a five and a quarter floppy
might be kind of difficult now but i know it i know with the extensive community it's
out there there's got to be something there's got to be uh the last ninja by the way is
also a great game also what was that the last ninja okay also another awesome game is delta
patrol it's got a really awesome soundtrack it's like 20 minutes plus uh any game that
was by a company called epics epyx was pretty epic uh they made games like jumpman jr which
was awesome and summer olympics and winter olympics they were like some of the best games
was by epics so you gotta check that out and honestly just do just do some google searches
like do like best commodore 64 roms and even though you'll get to like some shady websites
they'll have some pretty good suggestions you know there's a huge retro community for
the commodore 64 out there and you'll find some stuff you like so all right that sounds
good awesome well you are like the best girlfriend ever just you know like not that i know from
like dating you but just the fact that you bought your boyfriend a commodore 64 is a
gift i bet like there's lots of our male listeners right now they're like i want a girlfriend
like that i want a girlfriend like that so you're awesome he likes it all right i'm sure
he will be better or gosh he sucks all right no i'm sure it'll be great all right zeba
you take care and good luck all right thank you and let us know if you find anything that's
like a newfangled adapter for this converse 64 let us know i will all right later bye
bye bye converse 64s are so awesome but damn loki bringing logic into this and this whole
like well you can't make five and a quarter floppies anymore yes you can all right well
yeah thrift store that's right i might even hell if i could find my drive i would just
send it to zeba i would just be like you know what you've listened to the show long enough
let's just congratulations you're a winner here's a prize if i could find it but i can't
i'd wonder what windows would do with that i'd be like no no no no uh we're gonna close
up the skype line for now uh and get some other uh last minute stories here and then
we're gonna wrap it up for tonight because it's already midnight on the east coast so
do you have any other stories for us loki uh yeah just real quick uh wolfenstein 3d
they've recreated in uh little big planet 2 using the really incredible creation engine
i mean it's just amazing the stuff someone actually they built a ray casting engine within
little big planet 2 i saw the video of that and even though it kind of looks junky just
the fact that they pulled it off is amazing the fact that they pull off a recasting engine
yeah it's just it's just nuts so that that's gonna be an awesome game when it comes out
only a month away actually a few weeks that's awesome i can't wait to play that's it that's
it that's all i want to talk about all right that's fine any other last minute stories
from anyone else in studio all right well then this is the part of the show we're gonna
go around and get everybody's final thoughts so we can wrap up for the night our kdm42
is that you're holding the mic thank you for being here i hope you had fun laughing along
with us and reminiscent about some sega do you have any final thoughts for our listeners
tonight uh delta patrol if you ever find it it's awesome hopefully there's a maybe someone
has it on youtube or find a soundtrack at least if you can i'm sure it's on youtube
somewhere well it might well i don't know something that long but but you can find it's
pretty cool soundtrack i'm trying to look right now hold on i just but i uh no but i
found some chicks my twilight soundtrack redone i don't know what that has to do with delta
patrol there you go all right uh salacious pop thank you as always for being here in
studio appreciate it uh do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight um everyone
send me employment vibes vibes i don't know how you do that but all right um let's see
i'll go next my final thought is man i wish pinkberries were open this late because i
could do i could use some fro yo dark socra and her knitting knitting self over there
crocheting crocheting do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight um this
uh silk bamboo yarn is really fucking difficult to use and really tiny and i wish that my
friend had picked out a thicker yarn for me to make her scarf out of but it's silk bamboo
it is really nice it was on sale too all right and last but not least loki your final thought
tonight uh my final thought is i wish my internet was back up i can't even imagine like thank
gosh you have a baby to entertain you because like if you didn't have that i don't know
what you know thank god i have my phone that i can you know tag onto the wi-fi for that
and at least browse the internet downloading is out of the picture um but browsing the
internet is at least tolerable with that all right that's going to do it for another episode
of orange lounge radio we will be back next week i can't remember if the conversation
was on or off air but uh there was a thought that we might not be here next week but we
are going to be here next week that was all worked out so we're going to be back next
week uh we're creeping closer to the year end actually next week will be our last show
before no no there'll be one more show before christmas right next week is the last show
before christmas and then i i will be out of town after that gotcha so so you'll be
out of town on the 26th so that show will be off so next week's gonna be our look i'll
put it this way we're gonna be driving back from washington so even if i am back in town
i will be dead so next week's our last show of the year yeah yeah believe it or not yeah
i was going to ask if you guys are doing it the day after christmas the day after new
years but that just answered my question uh we'll probably do day after new year's you'll
be back by then right dark soccer that remains to be seen wow but um because dan really wants
to go to washington to see the family sure sure but i can i i can say no need to go back
so last week will be the last olr for a little while so not that bad guys don't worry just
for the holidays so uh we'll be back uh next week to wrap up the year and all that stuff
with more news and you guys of course we are the show where every gamer has a voice you
guys if you like what you hear here at orange lounge radio remember we don't play commercials
we don't beg for money all we beg for is for you guys to help us spread the word tell a
friend or two about the show even if you don't know a single person you could still help
by uh giving us five star reviews on itunes or whatever website it is you use to listen
to this podcast we would really appreciate it you guys thank you guys so much that's
going to do it for another week we'll see you next week for the last olr of the year
omg you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge
production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway
see you next week.
