Some people know of the very early Internet meme All Your Bass. Some of those people know that the game's sequence footage and translation text comes from a game called Zero Wing. But what everyone should know is that whether or not you've played it already, soon many more people will have a remastered version of it to play, including other titles by developer Toaplan. Sign me up.
This is just one internet trend generating story. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 927 of our show for this August the 21st of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined every week by my co hosts say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I'd better be the only I don't know maybe there's a DarkSakura out there in Michigan somewhere.
There actually was an evil Sakura for a while. And she actually dated Chris Tang, which is how I met him because I knew her. And the two of them came over, and he brought a like a CPS two unit for playing a Street Fighter and whatnot. And we played Bust to Move. That was how I learned about the game.
But um, but no, I was I was dark first. There's I was back before Capcom did it.
There's lots of Rob Roberts out there. There's I think once a rugby player, one owns a gun shop or something. If you look it up on if you look up Rob Roberts on YouTube, you get a gun person bunch of gun videos, which is like totally not me. And then I think there's a there's a politician in the UK who did a lot of shitty things from what I understand. So I've I've not haven't really followed it. But I'm like, Oh, great. I'm gonna get confused with that guy. So
so to point this out, there was, you know, Jamie Summers was spelled J. A. I. M. E. S. O. M. M. E. R. S. and that was a bionic woman. So I truly was named after. But there's, but I spell my J. A. M. I. E. S. U. M. M. E. R. S. because it's different. And there's also a porn star who does that. Of course, of course, of course, there's always a porn star.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
My but my unmarried name.
Also,
matched
something. You know, you got to be careful because you want to give it away.
A friend's a former friend.
Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. I remember that.
He was spelled J. A. I. M. E. M. M. E. And for about a year, even after they broke up, and while they were together, I got his mail.
And he would get some of mine, which is very interesting.
So, all right.
Also, say hello to the one and only.
There is no other.
Loki never, there is never heard that name used before anywhere.
No, no, it's completely original.
How are you doing, Loki?
I mean, licensing my properties, make TV shows and stuff, of course.
So. Well, I but the thing is, most people would probably assume
that you're Loki after the Marvel Loki and you're not.
Yeah. And I embrace both. It's fine.
Yeah, that's that's good. That's good.
So the same thing with the Street Fighter character.
Oh, yeah. Although now people think it's from Naruto, but.
Well, no, I cosplayed.
No, actually, I didn't cosplay her. I cosplayed Tamari.
Well, when it comes to video games and people that have been doing
an online radio broadcast and podcast for way too long,
we really are the one and only Rob Robert, star soccer and Loki.
Get used to it. All right.
We got a lot in store for tonight.
A lot of gaming news to get into.
Let's why don't we just get right into our kickoff topic for tonight,
which is a story that has been making the rounds quite a bit this week.
Do you want to get into this, Loki?
You want me to tackle this?
Because I got a lot to say about it, but.
I mean, yeah, if you want to get into it, it's fine.
OK, there's not much to it.
So Spider-Man Remastered just came out on PC.
So, you know, a lot of the Sony games are getting their PC releases. Right.
So Spider-Man Remastered, of course, one of the big
releases of the PlayStation four and five era. Right.
So this has been a long awaited release on PC. And what does it mean?
What is the big thing that happens when a game releases on PC
from console that it didn't get on console, it gets on PC?
Why do a lot of people want it on PC?
Modding, mods, mods, mods. That's right.
All the mods you can think of.
And, you know, every everything you can think of was done in this game as well.
You know, especially the quote unquote obvious things.
Things like alternate Spider-Man skins.
You want to make Spider-Man look like Miles Morales Spider-Man.
Yes, of course, you can do that through mods and so on and so on.
So with mods, the possibilities are endless.
But I think you some of you that follow gaming culture
and gaming social media, you probably know exactly what's coming up next.
So on August 15th, a user on Nexus mods by the name of Mike Hawk.
Because the year is 1989,
and this is a phone call on The Simpsons to Moe's Tavern, clearly.
Mike Hawk on Nexus uploaded a mod for Spider-Man Remastered
that replaces Newton's prism artifacts
with the stars and stripes.
That's what the description said.
That was its way of getting around keywords to basically say
it took all of the rainbow flags that because the Spider-Man
remaster game has a very accurate depiction of New York City
and you know, the big diversity that you see in New York City.
And it replaced the rainbow flag or the pride flags with American flags.
Of which there are plenty.
Of which there were, which already existed.
Thank you for clarifying that, because that's important.
Which already existed in the game.
So long story short, I'm sure you were never expecting Mike Hawk
to do this type of juvenile stuff online.
But there you go.
And this, of course, as you can imagine, opened up a big old can of worms,
because obviously, you know, it's interesting
because there's a lot of times with mods we ask ourselves, what's the point?
Like, you know, when it's like, you know, nudie mods and what's the point?
You know, and a lot of times it's because we can.
But with this one, no, really.
What's the point of doing this?
And a lot of people are saying it's hate.
It's erasure. It's ridiculous.
Nexus mods was kind of forced to intervene, as you can imagine.
They had to quickly remove the mod and banned the creator.
And they found that the creator had made a sock puppet account to do this.
And Nexus mods in a blog post said the fact that the user needed to make
a sock puppet like a coward to upload the mod showed their intent to troll.
The creation of the sock puppet removed any doubt and made it
a very easy decision for us.
Both of the sock puppet account and the user's main account have been banned.
Of course, we're saying that if if he had done it on his main account,
he would have just gotten a warning
and had the mod taken down and then banned if it went back up. Right.
But it was very clear.
I love that they minced no words, especially
if this doesn't suit your morality.
Here's how to delete your account.
That would. Yeah.
Nexus mods. Beautiful.
I'm a fan of zero fucks.
Alan uses Alan mods games a lot, and he is a heavy user of Nexus mods.
And I support that 100 percent.
You remember how my Mass Effect 3 looked because I downloaded
the high res mods and my Dragon Age mods and all of that.
Unfortunately, once on the Internet, always on the Internet.
And so the mods out there, we know that it was on the Internet
archive at one point, but I think that it got pulled from there, too.
But, you know, it's it's it's out there.
It's that people put a lot of modding sites took it down.
Unfortunately, because of a lot of this controversy.
Now that just makes people want to install it more, you know,
because people want to be edgy.
And in their comments on Twitter, they like to talk about,
oh, the snowflakes are triggered because we were moved their pride flags.
And they're they hate America.
They hate America because they can't stand to see the American flag.
I have a different take on that.
You see, you are using the American flag
in this mod for your act of coward, cowardice.
You are hiding behind the American flag
and you are allowing the American flag to be a symbol of cowardice.
That is what you're doing.
You are being offensive towards this American flag symbol.
I mean, we all know this argument is absolutely ridiculous.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
It's like putting a child in a shirt that says fuck you
and then sending that child to Disneyland and then going,
why would Disney kick a child out of Disneyland?
I don't understand.
Why does Disney hate children?
Or in another wonderful Internet brainchild moment,
it's like going into a PetSmart and yelling at the employees about
why do they have pride stuff up at a PetSmart
and why does PetSmart support all this bullshit that people want to tie
to LGBT stuff like pedophilia and all this garbage.
Stop making my frogs gay, damn it.
Damn you, PetSmart.
They did witness a rant like that once.
No, I know. That's why I specifically called that out.
But the employee was awesome.
Oh, no. Yeah, they were awesome.
And like. No, you weren't there for this.
This is. Oh, this is an Alabama PetSmart.
Oh, I'm talking about the PetSmart video I saw.
Sorry. Go ahead. No, no, no.
I'm talking about when I personally witnessed. Oh, OK.
And the the person's going off, this is God.
And employees like, here's the corporate address.
Talk to them. I'm on my break.
I don't get people like it's just like
just who cares?
Like like if it bothers you, just whatever you like.
It's not that being included in the game is not really.
What's it doing to you?
Like, stop.
I think their take are these types of people.
Their take is like they're shoving it down my throat.
Well, yeah, but like because, of course, it's all projection
and typically the projection of this stuff that they're doing.
I mean, like you're shoving that super American pride down
to everybody's throats as well.
Not that it's right.
It's really just bigotry, but, you know, whatever you want to call it.
I mean, it's the same thing.
It's just. I don't know.
Like put it this way.
It's like trans, you know, gay, straight.
I mean, well, pretty much anyone non-binary.
I mean, they're not like trying to come after you.
I mean, they're just trying to live their damn lives and just. Yeah.
You know, exist and maybe get the same type of freedoms
and rights as everybody else.
And God forbid, you know, everybody's like, well, the Bible says like,
as that's the only, you know, dictator of everything in the world.
You know, of course.
Royale says that I can get trapped on an island and kill my schoolmates.
That's a big book.
It's it's technically both both are technically books.
And correct. Both are books.
You know, if I if I learn how to,
you know, shoot an arrow through 10 holes,
then I can get a hot Greek wife named Penelope.
I'm I am happy to let Loki continue his rant here.
I am happy to let an ally
say it the way it needs to be heard.
Like, it's so stupid, like just the the downright evil stuff
that like certain spectrums of the political,
I guess, you know, the Republicans, we're just going to say it.
They just going after people like in their basic rights
and trying to strip them away from them, thinking that, oh, you know, save us.
Oh, they're trying to teach our kids to be gay.
They're trying to teach our kids to change their genders like.
No, they're not.
But these are the same people that are saying, you know, like, oh, hey, rock
music's trying to make you worship the devil.
Oh, hey, your comic books are trying to, you know.
Corrupt your mind and also worship the devil, I'm sure.
I mean, it's just
when will these people just die?
When will they just die off already?
Like, come on.
It all comes down to control, though. Control and money.
It is. It actually is.
It's it's controlling the narrative, which is exactly what they're trying
to do in this situation, because they're turning this,
you know, shutting down of pride flags and the pride movement into
why do you hate America?
That's exactly what it is.
And it's this whole it's it's the whole, you know, what?
Why do you keep shoving that gay shit down my throat,
says individual walking into a pet smart, holding a camera,
trying to live for a matter of black lives.
My counter to them is why do you hate America?
Thank you. Thank you.
Because that's exactly what it is, because when you're using the American flag
to to hide your cowardness behind,
you are the ones who are the ball lickers
or the people with the, you know, to quote, it's basically
butchering the American flag to put the blue line on it.
You know, yeah, it's this, but no,
it isn't necessarily to control the narrative as well, especially,
you know, anyone with a uterus knows this very well,
is that it goes to controlling people.
To have a population that will support their interests
so that they can remain in power.
Women, I'm just going to use women in general right now, just loose term.
For example, yeah, we do have a lot more going for us now than we did.
And we are kind of taking over a lot of things.
And this has been considered male dominated territory.
Well, same thing is also going on with, quote, heterosexual territory
that and it's not that there are suddenly magically more gay,
more trans, more ace, whatever people.
The fact that the people are not hiding that anymore.
And and and, you know,
they want to go back
to an era where their type was in control
and they weren't the ones dying out and losing their control.
That's all that it is.
It's exactly why they remove certain pieces
of education from school curriculums, for example.
Think back to in terms I'm going to say like dark ages,
that general era where the only people who were educated were rich males.
Even women were rich, women were rarely educated
and the the general populace, if they didn't have money, they can get educated.
They were going to work
because an educated population is something those in power fear.
Yeah, that's why they're trying to promote non education, like even now
they have, was it in Florida where they pass the bill where they can
let just untrained veterans teach children now, which is fine.
You know, like, I'm sure those people are nice, but.
They're not teachers, they haven't gone through the training to do that, like.
Well, and the other thing, too, though, is that, you know,
what does it say, the the the victors write the history?
Oh, no, history is written by the victors, that's the phrase.
And they are teaching these these revisionist histories in school, which is.
Like, if I didn't have teachers that were really open minded and said,
no, what your your book says is wrong, this is what happened.
Then I might not be the thinker that I am today.
And this is something, you know, especially then with a lot of
I'm going to throw Internet culture in on this, too,
because it's also a big factor in this matter,
is when you've got people spreading a false narrative and passing on,
you know, hearsay and oh, so and so said this, it must be true.
Or I heard, I heard, I heard.
Or this tribal knowledge, for lack of a better description,
as fact, when indeed it's not necessarily fact, it's half truths.
But it's just enough out there to be detrimental
to the growth of society in general and create these.
Pockets of hatred, if you know what I mean.
Whereas someone who is who's educated,
who's been at an experience that, hey, no, it's not really like this.
They should be speaking up and going, no, no, you're completely wrong.
You know, I had another point that I was going to make,
but right now I'm too disgusted.
If I could quickly, I want to acknowledge our live chat,
because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern,
six o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv
slash Avog Network.
And you can chat along.
And a great part of the show and why we do this
is that you all get to have your voices heard in chat
or solicited through email and Twitter throughout the week.
And we have a lot of great comments in chat,
just a lot of support for what's being said here.
And, you know, thank you. I appreciate it.
Because, you know, I've heard I've certainly heard over the years
people who are on the political ideology spectrum different than we are.
And there comes a point like I do try to understand, I do try to listen.
I try to educate and not attack. I really do.
But there comes a point and especially after doing this for 20 years,
you know, we've done this show for now 20 years.
We've we've by far hit that point where it's like
I am too old and I am too tired for this bullshit.
And when it is my identity being attacked, which is what this is.
This is what this is.
And using an American flag to hide behind that attack.
Yeah, I'm fucking pissed off.
And yeah, I'm going to talk about it.
And no, I'm not going to shut my mouth because you have a problem with it,
because, you know, deep down, I'm right.
What I'm going to do real quick in chat,
and I'm sorry about this to our listeners,
to listeners, you owe it to yourself to go look this up,
is I am putting up a list of logical fallacies.
Mm hmm. How to spot a logical fallacy in an argument,
because a lot of these people who are doing religion
or society or this, that and the other is their excuses.
They're logical fallacies.
It's like saying, oh,
this person with sunglasses caused a car accident.
I guess we need to ban sunglasses.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, or yeah.
And and I think the thing I hear all the time,
I'm OK with gay people as long as they don't hit on me.
Why would someone hit on you
on behalf of your token gay friend in your circle or whatever?
Allow me allow me to say this.
Don't flatter yourself.
Period. Or or or this one, too.
You know what, what?
And I'm assuming that the person saying this would be male,
because I hear that more often.
What if what if your lady friend tried to hit on you?
It'd be exactly the same thing if you're not into her.
You say no. End of story.
It would probably be the only time that individual got hit on by a lady.
Anyway, I'm not going to go there. All right.
Well, now I'm being cheap.
I'm going below the bell. That's not nice.
I remember one of my uncles was like,
they better not come anywhere near me or I'd like Uncle Wayne.
No one wants to be around you, not even your family.
Yeah, I said that that was actually the last time I spoke to my uncle.
Pod culture and chat says, hell, I would be flattered.
Nobody wants to hit on me that it's very easy to say, oh, thank you.
I'm not interested, but I appreciate that compliment.
Wow. How hard was that?
There's an episode of Sailor Moon in Japan. Yeah.
Where this one girl has like a little crush on Usagi.
And Usagi very gently turns her down and says,
but let's be let's be friends and mean it, you know. Yeah.
It's that right there.
I mean, yeah, it's a show for, you know, for preteen girls.
Mostly that was the target age group.
But to put it so simply and easily there.
That's it. Or that other meme that goes around from Deep Space Nine
of of Curzon and Jadzia.
He goes, not Curzon, Curzon was her previous life.
Gauran is saying, it's like, Curzon, my old friend.
He goes, oh, I'm Jadzia now.
Oh, Jadzia, my old friend.
You know that like I love that scene.
I fucking love Deep Space Nine anyway.
But but I mean, it can be that easy.
Just love people.
You know, I mean, I don't love those people, but I'm saying.
Be just be a good person, you know, just
stop trying to inflict your world view on other people.
Now, I back to the golden rule, the Internet, don't be a dick.
I'm going to go, though, into one little piece of psychology,
and there is something about what's considered a core belief.
And these are, you know, like for the people that you introduce
proof of something that shakes a formative thought, a formative belief.
Then it actually does cause like a
sort of a psychological.
Thing, I can't really explain that.
I mean, this word seizure comes to mind, but it's not that just sort of like
a momentary shutdown because it goes against an ingrained
core belief, something that makes them who they are.
So in from a psychological standpoint, yes, I understand
the change is very difficult and it takes a very long time.
And you have to be able to recognize that you could be wrong
and be willing to make the change. Yeah.
But when you have an entire group of people with this core belief,
and I'm going to say it right now,
the Southern Baptist Church is a cult. I grew up in it.
But when you have when you have that going on,
you need to work on the narrative around it
and bring it into their purview in such a way
that it's going to start shifting that core thought, that core value.
It's not going to happen all at once.
As much as people want to say, as much as people think a big debate
is going to go on, it's going to have to happen gradually.
And on a societal level is something that Loki brought up earlier.
They're going to die out.
We already see now, even for some of these hardcore people,
a level of acceptance that they that their predecessors would not have had.
There's some younger younger
folks out there that are very loud and even crazier.
So like, I hope they all die out.
But some and somebody I just I kept not reading these chat comments.
Sorry, because we kept having other thoughts.
But Mike Defton chat earlier said the thing is, even if those people die,
their teaching still continues with their offspring. Right.
So it's education is is the big thing.
And there's a lot of people out there that need one.
And that's why I was saying the narrative needs to change
and be presented differently.
That if exposure
is already going to be a big factor in making change.
I know we're getting a little away from the topic
that it's kind of started this whole thing, however.
And I want to point this out, just like when we went on a rant
on our 20th anniversary episode
about what was happening to women's rights, this country and everything.
I want to I want to make this very clear.
Does this relate to gaming? 100 percent? Absolutely.
Yes, it does. Because remember, we don't just talk about video games,
gaming news and gaming culture. And this.
Mentality.
Has a cycle of infecting gaming culture regularly.
Mm hmm. And it needs to stop it all the time.
I dealt with it today on freaking Twitter.
It's just. Yeah.
So if you if you feel we dedicated too much time to this topic, too bad,
because we waste too much time reading this bullshit on social media
all of the time and it needs to stop.
On that note, let's talk about the types of games
that we've been playing this week, what games we're drowning our sorrows in.
No, I mean, honestly, yes, that that story pissed me off.
But otherwise, you know what?
I'm not going to let some bitch bring me down.
I had a good week.
I'm going to continue to have a great month.
I'm thriving. Those people are idiots.
I don't care. So moving on.
How was your gaming week?
How are you thriving in video games this week?
How are you making somebody mad?
Dark Sakura, by being a woman daring to play video games
on her own terms, this mostly woman.
Well, OK, yes.
I I played a bunch of Dead by Daylight.
I played with Finara.
I actually went back and played a little bit of Killer
and I ended up just making it like a fun farming match
because of all the stinky other killers that have been around.
So I did like that, you know, the doctor thing
where you have to shock four people and then you're good.
Like the daily.
I did that and then I went around and making them drop pallets on me
so I could bust those pallets and finish the pallet breaking challenge as well.
And, you know, it was just I tried to be like non stinky.
I don't care if I quote lose.
I don't play for my level.
I don't play for points.
I don't play to win a play to have fun.
And a lot of killers out there have been assholes
and just not letting people have fun or ending the game too quickly
or camping and tunneling people out.
And I'm I went in to play just to to have fun,
just to be silly, just to let other people have a break from the garbage,
you know, and then get blood points for it.
Um, and and I also played with
Franklish eight, who's another streamer who.
We had a lot of fun. It was just really random.
I kind of was like not in the mood to play Final Fantasy.
So we started Final Fantasy four and then we went and played.
That was really fun.
And I got to play with intoxicated.
And walking disaster, few streamers, really fun people.
Um, and then, um, last Sunday, I did buy Cult of the Lamb
and I've got it all set up.
I just need to install the extension for for Twitch.
And, um, I also played a little bit more hooked on you.
But for some reason, it didn't record that I had the hours on it.
So it must be like a glitch on Twitch or something.
Actually, it would be in my Windows partition.
Um, I did, I did.
Oh, I'm playing word scapes that I hit over level 100,000.
I think it is.
Hold on, maybe level 10,000, but I played a lot of it
and I enjoy that stupid little game.
It's a lot of fun.
Um, I am also, I think right now, a fourth place in tournament mode.
OK, I'm on one on ten thousand three hundred and forty nine that level.
Um, I am also playing Final Fantasy four.
Um, I, uh, Cecil has just become a paladin and we're going to rescue, uh, Rosa.
And I'm, I'm having a lot of fun with that too.
Um, I got, uh, Palom and Porom.
Oh, I love them.
The brat kids.
Yeah, I love them.
Uh, well, only one of them is really a brat.
The other one's a little too nice, but I love the thwap.
I forgot about the thwapping on the head.
Every time, uh, uh, Porom says something rude, Palom comes over and goes,
Thwap, and you hear the pop noise in the game.
I had forgotten about that.
Um, and, uh, now the thing is I'm playing a translation from the
Japanese version with no censorship, like the uncensored sprites and everything.
So I, I missed the spoonie Bard line.
The line that he said was like, you son of a bitch, you know, which is
probably a little bit more accurate.
And it talks like more about people dying and, and, you know, mass
attacks and burying their dead.
It's, it's definitely a lot more gritty.
Um, but it's still, I still love the game.
Um, and I'm considering final fantasy five next, either that or maybe star ocean.
Okay.
Yeah.
Um, but we'll see.
And yeah.
All right.
Uh, let's go over to Loki.
Talk about your gaming week.
Loki.
Um, still my craft.
Uh, we did do a live stream though yesterday, so that was cool.
I got to participate that.
So we did a stream day, uh, for the whole channel 64 server.
And we were streaming, I think like almost 14 hours.
Wow.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
We had like about, I think eight people participate.
So that was pretty nice.
We each had like a two hour block.
It was fun.
You know, I launched pillagers in the space with a flying machine and I, uh, what
else?
Oh, just.
Messed around on the server a little bit.
Um, didn't really have too much, uh, planned out.
Although this week I may want to stream again.
Um, because St Rose coming out.
Yeah, big deal.
And also, uh, you know, arcade paradise, the game that's playing behind me, um, is
another game that I want to check out as well.
It looks pretty cool.
It's like a SIM game where you're running a laundromat that you're, I think trying to
convert over to an arcade.
Yeah.
Um, so it's pretty cool.
Nice.
All right.
Um, my game a week, a lot of the usual stuff still dead by daylight, Final Fantasy 14,
really excited.
Uh, we get a patch very soon for Final Fantasy 14.
So I'm excited for that.
Um, I actually played some other random stuff this week, the outside of my norm.
So, um, uh, Alan has been recently kind of into pinball games again on the PC he was
playing.
I just, I was watching over his shoulder.
He was playing the, um, which collection was it?
Not, not pinball FX, but the other one.
Um, of course the name, uh, no, cause that's where pinball FX started was in pinball.
It's the other companies like arcade treasures, pinball arcade.
Thank you, Bobby.
It's pinball arcade.
So pinball arcade had all the Williams licenses in it.
So I was watching him playing the Elvira tables that he bought a long time ago in that, um,
collection.
But you know, a few years ago, I think it was like 2018, the licenses moved.
So he's still playing in the old one because of course once you buy it, they can't take it away from you.
So you still play it there.
But now pinball FX has a lot of those like Bally midway table licenses.
So, um, it actually kind of made me go, Oh, I kind of want to check out, like, I forgot pinball FX, like was supposed to be having a new
version because I was like, whatever happened to that series?
They have pinball FX three, and then I haven't heard anything since then.
Well, they're rebooting basically into pinball FX and it is out in early release on the Epic game store.
Um, and I believe it's going to come out steam and the other platforms to, uh, uh, the consoles when it actually releases.
Don't quote me on that.
I can't remember if the steam part is, um, but it is a free to play.
Um, Oh, thank you, Bob.
Bobby says steam will be a year after Epic game store.
Well, I think it started in like June or something.
So I downloaded it to check it out.
And, uh, the, the kind of unfortunate part is that they don't have all of the tables moved over yet.
Um, and, and they're like, for example, those Elvira tables, uh, that Alan has, you can't get those in the new pinball FX.
I don't think they were ever in pinball FX three either.
So there are some licensed tables in there.
In fact, there's quite a few, I shouldn't even say some, um, but you can't get the vast amount of library that the other games had built up.
And they're having to redo it basically from where they were at and pinball FX three, because this is an all new engine.
I believe it's capable of four K and does Ray tracing and all this other stuff.
And yeah, Bobby's talking about how your purchases actually don't transfer over from FX three.
So they're kind of committing to supporting both, but it isn't, it is an odd reboot for the series.
But here, here's the, I know I can see why they're doing it.
They're doing it because another model now that they have in here is a subscription where you can subscribe and get all the tables or most of them for a low, low monthly price to, uh, so, uh, I'm sure that's one big reason they want to move that direction.
And, uh, everything is like you buy tickets and then use tickets to buy the tables and this type of thing, but they do have free tables.
So like one of my favorite pinball tables, the Arabian nights table happened to be the free one on Friday or Saturday.
So I was able to play it and check it out a little bit.
And I had played another one too.
There was a space, I think it was called space station or something as a pinball table.
There was a free game at some point as well.
So I was checking those out.
So it is nice that they rotate through a couple of free tables.
So you can really kind of check it out.
Um, it also, I guess part of what they've done with pinball FX is like, now you have a pinball room that you can, uh, you know, collect things and build out in.
Yeah, it's one of those, but I, I didn't understand how to use it.
And I don't know if that's just because I didn't really pay any money for anything yet.
Uh, it didn't really seem that intuitive to use.
I could like change the carpet.
And that was about, I don't know, it doesn't, I didn't really have a lot to do with it, but whatever.
It's really about the pinball at the end of the day.
Um, it looks nice, uh, very nice resolution, very crisp, but it's just kind of a bummer.
It's like they have to rebuild the whole thing.
Um, Bobby Blackwell says they did release the Indiana Jones table on FX three.
Yeah.
And it's $15 if you want that table on a pinball effects.
So I'm, but I imagine Harris's Ford Harrison Ford's likeness probably isn't cheap.
So it is what it is.
One of those for a little bit.
And then we, I think we sold it to get a different table.
Yeah.
So anyway, I mean, to, to get, download it for free.
Sure.
And check it out.
Sure.
It was, it was cute.
It was fun.
I don't know if I'll be buying any tables anytime real soon, but I'll keep an eye.
I'll keep an eye on what they're offering in there.
They had, is it bride of pin bot was what they, they didn't have regular pin bot, but they had bride of pin bot, which I thought was interesting.
So, all right.
Um, let's see other games I played this week.
So I randomly played Mario Kart eight.
I was, uh, out last night.
I ended up going out to San Francisco last night.
I was hanging out with listener and participant JD, uh, you know, goes way back with the show and the, the, the Monty days and all that stuff.
And we were playing Mario Kart eight last night.
So I finally got to see all these extra tracks.
I just hadn't gotten around to playing yet.
So we did some races on Waluigi pinball and the, the, um, Calamari desert.
Is that what it's called for the N64, the one with the train, uh, plot twist, the last lap forces you to go on the train tracks.
I remember that was the thing you could do on the N64, but now like, that's the, the last lap.
You have to drive down the train tracks, which is a very interesting, yeah.
They, they made some cool changes like that.
Sorry, spoiler alert.
But that track has been out for a few weeks.
I got to play those.
Like we have the DLC for it.
I don't think I've updated it though.
Yeah, you should check it out.
They're good.
Uh, so yeah, I had fun with that.
And then random, we went into the classic super Nintendo library and we were playing paddle DePone last night over the weird thing is, so you have to still do it through the internet.
We couldn't just connect to each other cause we were in the same room.
We had to do it through the internet, but we were able to play, um, paddle DePone, which is basically it's Tetris attack.
It's Pokemon puzzle league, but on the super Nintendo.
We were playing that against each other.
He, he would be in that though.
I, I have, I'm out of practice.
I haven't played in a long time.
So that was, uh, yeah, so, but that was fun.
So I got to play some stuff that is a little outside of my norm for gaming week.
So, uh, hoping to continue that trend as we move on throughout the week and, uh, get into, uh, closer and closer to dragon con is coming up real soon.
Um, I should talk a little bit here about dragon con and what's going on there.
So, uh, we will not be here in two weeks, um, because dragon con is happening that weekend.
And as the case has been for, I want to say the last 10 years now, I mean, I don't know if, I don't think we get to count the year that the pandemic happened and it was all virtual, but otherwise for like the past 10 years, cause 2012 was my first year I've been heading out to dragon con every labor day weekend.
So, uh, this year I'm going out again and the app was updated this week.
So I can tell you about my schedule.
So, uh, here's where I'm going to be appearing at dragon con Friday at one o'clock, uh, diversity in video games.
Why representation matters.
I'll be moderating that panel, uh, for the video game track.
Uh, I did a similar one last year and it was a great discussion.
So I'm excited about that.
Uh, two 30 on Friday, thriving on streaming media after 40, I couldn't fit the full name on my little flyer, but it's how do you do fellow kids thriving on streaming media after 40.
So that's, uh, that's the, that's the name of that panel.
I'm going to be on that with Bobby black Wolf.
Um, and, uh, but he's only 29.
That doesn't seem right.
I, I think he snuck his way onto it.
Like a lot of these kids do.
So, um, everyone's always trying to be an adult.
There's some other famous podcasts, like legit famous podcasting face.
So there, I don't follow a lot of this, this stuff, but the, the macro brothers are on this panel.
So am I have friends that listen to them and really enjoy them?
Um, so, uh, apparently it's, it's, it's a big deal and I know that I know they have a lot of fans, so that's, that's going to be a, certainly a sold out wall to wall type of thing.
Uh, so that'll be exciting.
Uh, let's see also, uh, uh, on the agenda, um, we have on a Saturday at two 30.
Oh, Bobby points out too.
He's the moderator of that panel.
So maybe he doesn't have to be 40 to moderate it.
I guess that's, that's the deal.
Maybe a Saturday at two 30, this is new for me.
Uh, I'll be making my first appearance on the horror track.
Uh, and that's something I've been kind of hinting at for a couple of weeks that I'm doing something new this year.
And I'm really excited.
Um, a lot of, you know, that, um, outside of doing, you know, video game commenting and broadcasting and all that stuff, um, I do stuff with a horror hosting and I've, I've done some stuff here locally.
We did a great lost boys tribute with some of the stars in the movie.
We did a twin peaks event in January with some of the stars.
So I've been getting to, to do more and more of that and kind of, you know, learning about what I do and I don't love in the genre.
And so, um, this is great.
And I'm really excited for this opportunity to be a panelist on this panel horror.
Why does it get no respect?
And, uh, we'll, we'll talk a little bit about that.
Uh, cause you know, I have some unique insight on that.
So, um, and uh, yeah, it was Tony Collette robbed of an Oscar for, um, hereditary.
Yes, of course she was.
But you know, that's because people don't hold a horror up in the same, uh, calibers, a lot of other movies often, but anyway, uh, also on Saturday surviving the evolution of podcasting to video over on the digital media track.
This is a topic that, you know, we've been talking about for a little while.
Um, so I'm excited to participate in this discussion again.
Obviously I have some things to say about it.
Sunday at one o'clock, I'm moderating a discussion with some, um, uh, folks in the industry on ask the experts microtransactions in gaming.
So it's one of those microtransactions are here to stay.
What's the good, the bad, and the ugly of all that stuff.
So we'll get into that.
And then Monday at 1130 AM, this one's a ballroom panel.
This is a pretty big deal.
The voice actors from Red Dead Redemption one and two, we have four voice actors from the games that are going to be there.
And we're doing a ballroom panel on Monday.
Here's the interesting thing though.
They're actually running this panel Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.
It's, it's basically the big stars for Dragon cons video game track this year, as far as I know, I don't know, but they're running that panel.
So I'm, I'm a little bit like, okay, by Monday, I think they're going to have been asked a lot of questions, so we'll, we'll see.
It's going to be an interesting, and Monday is like 1130.
That's the time everyone's checking out of the hotel.
So it's going to be interesting to see who shows up and what they have to ask.
I probably a lot of locals don't have to worry about the hotel checkout game, but I'm very excited for the opportunity and to meet the people.
That'll be a lot of fun.
So yeah, three tracks this year.
I'm really excited about it.
And I'll look forward to seeing some of you Dragon Con Labor Day weekend.
I've been getting a question online a lot.
Will the panels be streamed?
The only one that I know of that is streamed is that, um, how do you do fellow kids, uh, thriving over 40?
Uh, that panel will be on Dragon cons, uh, digital media, um, Twitch that's DC digital media.
If you want to follow that, the other panels, unfortunately, I don't know if they're straddle think they are, they may be recorded for future use, but I don't want to guarantee anything.
I, one of them may be on Dragon con TV subscription service, but I don't want to guarantee that either.
Um, so honestly, I think Dragon con would just prefer if you really want to see the panels that bad come out, but, uh, to be fair, there's a lot of hesitations still around COVID understandably.
So they have tried to up their virtual offerings.
I will say a lot more is online than you would have found a couple of years ago.
So there is that.
Okay.
Uh, SG100 Matt says, I'm excited for both Rob and Bobby.
You're on some fun panels.
Yeah.
Um, uh, we're excited.
We've be very, uh, very, very fun.
Um, all right, let's get into some more gaming news for the week.
I'm going to kick it over to Loki to start us off with some other gaming news.
Uh, yeah, so, um, unfortunately we have more news to kind of tie into the story we talked about last week about allegations of sexual harassment at Nintendo of America.
And this is coming now from, um, the testing side of that.
So the game testers who are, you know, a lot of times contracted for Nintendo and stuff, um, have recounted lots of different scenarios where they've been sexually harassed.
So they talked about, there was an article on Kotaku that kind of went into detail about it.
Um, talking about like one of the testers who they're calling Hannah, who had, um, experiences that led her to quit her job.
Um, basically saying it was supposed to be a lighthearted place, but then ended up that, um, there was a male translator that they were working with that started posting, um, you know, uh, memes and stuff about why, like, what's the best Pokemon to have sex with.
And started making kind of like an, I mean, that's not, that's not necessarily work discussion.
I would think most of the time.
Uh, yeah, it's, uh, probably, yeah, just because it involves Pokemon does not make it appropriate for work.
Yeah.
And it started escalating from there.
Um, you know, she said that it's, Nintendo was almost like a nightmare.
It is sad because I love Nintendo.
I grew up in Nintendo.
I was so excited to join Nintendo when I first got there and thought it was, I was going to go somewhere.
Um, I had my supervisors tell me I was doing such a great job.
Um, but then of course, you know, there's been other, um, recounts of different things, you know, the common saying that they've really felt like a frat house sometimes.
So kind of the whole just misogyny and just uncomfortable, you know, sexual comments and, you know,
type tiger claw and chat says water cooler type of discussions.
No, no, no.
Inappropriate ones.
A water cooler discussion would be, Hey, did you see who got kicked off the mass singer last night?
That is an appropriate work, uh, discussion water cooler discussion.
Uh, yeah.
Would you rather fuck Pikachu or Jigglypuff?
That's not an appropriate water cooler discussion, whether it was at the water cooler or not.
Yeah.
Then outside of the sexual comments, there was also, you know, the, your typical, um, you know, discrimination based on gender for like promotions and whatnot.
So for example, one of the female contractors, uh, was trying to advance to the company.
I applied for a bunch of other jobs in the industry and they would ask me why I was looking to leave Nintendo.
I, I'm sorry, I know you're saying it the way it is.
I know you are, but it's just one of those things.
It was like, how disgusting is it that we have, this is just the typical discrimination you see in the industry.
This is just the, here's our, you know, our, our, uh, uh, assembly line discrimination we have going on, uh, behind the scenes at the different companies.
Like I just, I, I hate that we're here, but we're here.
We've been here.
We've been here.
It sounds so familiar.
It's like we talked about this dozens of times, just insert every company in here.
There was one, uh, another tester, uh, Valerie Allison that, uh, said she would ask her managers how she would be promoted to a permanent position.
And, um, basically that she felt pressure to become a full-time play because she needed to stay at Lincoln and says, uh, your chance to be converted to full-time was probably worse as a girl.
She said, um, it's usually the guys who get promoted and they're all usually friends.
They all watch super bowl together.
As she went on to Matt and chat says, these are not isolated issues.
This is an epidemic within the industry, a hundred percent.
I wouldn't even say it's necessarily just this industry, even it's just true.
This is just corporate.
Um, but this is it.
You notice what's happened here.
We had one Nintendo story.
Then we had a second Nintendo story and now the dam is starting to burst because now what you've just named three different women, at least so far in this.
So now people are starting to realize, oh, it wasn't just me.
This was an epidemic.
I mean, it keeps saying that they're taking, going to take this seriously.
All right.
We'll see.
Let's see what you do.
Now, Nintendo has to acknowledge it because they have very clearly been trying to hide from it when it was one or two.
And this is, this is now the first time where I believe Doug Bowser finally had to comment on it this week.
Like somebody finally called him out on it, um, and asked him like, what the hell's the plan to, you know, stop this culture?
Um, which I felt was a very non-answer answer.
Um, let's, let's see, you know, but here's the thing at the end of the day, I'm not interested in his words.
I'm not, I'm interested in the actions.
So if Doug Bowser really wants to say something, say it with action.
I could care less what his comment was on this.
Yeah.
Anyway, yeah.
Basically, it's a, it's a very long article with lots of different examples of this, but like, honestly, like all of these examples, I could read every single one.
It's all stuff we've heard before, you know, where it's like, you know, if, if a female come, like tries to stand up for herself, they're just gonna be called overly sensitive.
If, you know, they try to advance in the company, they'll find excuses for why they can't without saying gender, you know, because obviously that's discriminatory.
But they'll, they'll make excuses.
Or I'm sure that compensation is probably more for the males than the females.
It's, we've heard this so many times.
And I wouldn't be surprised if it's not in every single company, at least large companies for sure.
I mean, some of these smaller, like indie studios and stuff.
I'm sure there's probably some, but like some of these, they're very small.
I can't imagine that there's, you know, they're really small teams, but like definitely in these larger companies, it's easier to lose sight on kind of the details when you're working with hundreds of employees.
And it's easy to have these folks in management just kind of off the rails without realizing it.
All right, I'm going to move on and talk about a part of the industry that is growing and growing and growing.
And that is the Embracer Group, who is starting to acquire quite a few holdings under their belt.
You may recall they bought that part of Square Enix that Square Enix was desperate to get rid of.
Like, oh, Tomb Raider, Tomb Raider is so bad.
We have to get rid of it right now.
Like, which I obviously I'm saying that very tongue in cheek because the Tomb Raider only wears one belt.
This is ridiculous.
Doesn't fit with our portfolio.
Anyway, so Embracer is on a spree right now.
One of the biggest things has been turning heads.
They now own JRR, the rights basically to, well, they actually they bought Middle Earth Enterprises.
That's the company that owns big screen and small screen rights to Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit.
So this could this mean that a Hobbit game is on the horizon?
Probably going to be a long way out.
But, you know, but that's also the fact that they have the screen rights as well.
You know, this is what was used to make this 1978 animated film.
Peter Jackson's movies, Amazon's upcoming thing.
Oh, actually, Amazon's thing was a loophole because it excluded TV series of more than
eight or eight episodes or something like that.
There was some weird exclusion that they're kind of dancing around the rights with that.
But anyway, so that's not all of it, though.
Embracer also went and they bought more stuff as well.
They also got limited run games.
That's huge because they're doing a lot of those physical copy things of games and so forth.
That was brought up this week as well.
Tripwire Interactive, who made the games Killing 4 and Chivalry was that as well.
Tuxedo Labs, who made Tear Down was a part of that as well.
So, Embracer has been going through and buying all of these companies.
Another one that they got as part of this, Tatsujin, the Japanese studio.
The boss of Tatsujin is a co-founder of Tappelan, Mashihiro Yuge.
That's the developers of Zero Wing.
So, Toaplan has done a great many of awesome game, including, I want to say they did
Truxton, didn't they?
Yeah, Truxton.
Because here's an interesting kind of the same week this story comes out.
Fire and Fire Shark.
Classic games from this publisher are coming out to the PC.
Truxton, Twin Cobra, Out Zone, and Zero Wing, published and enhanced by Bitwave Games.
I'm not sure these games were in high demand, but cool.
People can now revisit one of the internet's first memes.
Because, of course, I think most people know at this point that All Your Base Belong to
Us, Move Every Zig, that's all from Zero Wing.
And I imagine they're going to leave all that translation intact.
But they are saying it's pixel perfect graphics.
There's going to be a very easy mode.
So, they're actually patching in a Bobby Black Wolf mode.
That's very exciting.
But yeah, all these games are coming to PC in 2022.
Fun.
Bobby Black Wolf giving us some insight to the Tripwire acquisition and tying this together
to something else you all might have heard about.
This is interesting because they made a statement that says the co-founder that had previously
made the anti-abortion comments will be exploring opportunities outside of Tripwire.
This was the only way Tripwire could remove that founder was by being bought.
He stepped down as CEO, but still owned most of the company.
You may recall that story from a little while ago.
That was the same company where the CEO was making, you know, the anti-abortion statements
that the folks that worked there didn't agree with.
And, you know, so now how this has come full circle.
They finally got rid of them or are going to get rid of them through this purchase.
Interesting.
So, let's see.
DarkTucionChat says, I found the developer on one of the other discords I hang out in.
Actually, these are the arcade ports.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
So that all your bases will not be present because that was in the console port.
So these are arcade ports.
Oh, that's too bad.
You'd think you'd think they're going to have a mode where you can change the dialogue.
That would be very upsetting.
I'm sure that a game that exists on PC can be modded.
Yeah, if this week has taught us anything dialogue, quote unquote.
Yeah, that's true.
If this week has taught us anything, there will be a dialogue fix patch for this game.
Absolutely.
As shown on a Mat and Chat wonders, I'm kind of interested what they will do with limited
run games.
Seems like they're keeping everyone there intact.
I wonder if there will be a straight cash infusion.
Possibly this could be a good thing for them.
I've heard that limited run games can be kind of slow sometimes.
So maybe a little injection of cash to help them deliver on things a little faster could
be cool if we're assuming that they're not completely evil.
That's the big assumption with the corporation.
True.
Remember that they have a giant game archive now that they purchased as well.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
So perhaps some of that could play into this as well.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, we'll see what continues as Embracer is becoming quite the Voltron in the industry.
As I've heard Bobby refer to him on his show, the 10 cent of Europe is building strongly
over there.
All right.
In the meantime, let's move on to another story.
Dark Sakura.
So developers are not beyond being assholes.
In fact, we know a good many in the industry are assholes as we've just covered.
But it's not just the big names.
We have some from some of the indie developers as well.
So Dolphin Barn Incorporated.
They've already gotten into Hot Water.
They were talking, you know, they already put in some anti-mask rhetoric in one of their
patch notes for one of their games.
And basically, they have been sending abusive messages when they've banned players from
their hub.
And they were warned once saying that when posting any content in the community or communicating
with players, please make sure it adheres to the guidelines.
But now they've been responding to negative reviews on Steam in a very abusive manner.
And so they also added, Steam did, we also want to make it clear that you should not
reverse the moderator decisions or enable rule violations on your hub.
Future disregard for our rules and guidelines could jeopardize our business relationship.
So they are banned from their own game community.
And this isn't the only time you like I said, they had the anti-mask rhetoric.
They also, May last year, they added a note about combat in a game that says, weak men
lack character.
It's really disgusting.
So yeah, they're banned from their own game.
You kind of have to love the punchline there, though.
Like you're so you're such an asshole, you got banned from a store that sells your game.
You got banned from a store that sells your game.
It's wild.
Yeah, they honestly, they shouldn't, I think, be allowed to post to Steam anymore.
Yeah, because I mean, honestly, they're still making money off this game.
So whatever.
I don't usually support piracy, but all right.
Anyway, don't even don't even support their game through piracy.
Yeah, no, you're absolutely right.
Just their game shouldn't be touched.
Even acknowledging it here is dirty.
But you still have to like, this doesn't happen every day.
We're developers.
So yeah, you just have it every day where a developer is so toxic, they get banned from
their own forum.
It does make for a great headline.
All right.
Fifth Dream in chat says, why are these men so interested in whether other men live up
to their man standards?
Great question, because these are the same men, as I was saying earlier, that are like,
you could be gay, just don't hit on me.
Math, puzzle figures floating around the screen right now, because I don't understand.
They should just have their fingers and tongues cut out or something.
Metaphorically, of course, because we would never advocate violence here on Twitch television.
I wouldn't ever.
Moving on, let's talk about something else that should be banned from Steam.
I think it actually already is.
But Loki, please give us some insight.
Hey, I don't think it's ever going to be on.
I don't even know if.
Oh, I guess it did make it on Steam.
But yeah, I thought these games are banned from Steam.
But what do I know?
Yeah, so anyways, a game called Untamed Isles, who was kind of like a Pokemon game.
But then but then, you know, what makes Pokemon better?
Let's throw some crypto stuff in there as well.
NFTs, you know, love that.
So it raised half a million dollars on Kickstarter.
And that was a year ago.
And now it can't even make its money back.
They had posted an update on the game's Steam page
saying that we had to pause development of Untamed Isles and put the project on hold.
There have been a myriad of factors that have caused the lead up to this very moment.
But what all comes down to is we're finally unable to
financially keep up with the demands that we set out to do.
Basically, the crypto market is crashed.
And so they we leaned into the crypto market and expanded rapidly off the back of the positive
interest.
And when the crash came, we ended up heavily exposed with too short of a runway.
So basically, they took all your money that that you invested in the game.
They put it in the crypto market thinking, hey, double or nothing, right?
Well, nothing.
They still need to be responsible for for paying back the money.
Well, these are due to our cash reserves being empty.
We're not in a position to refund our initial backers.
We're sorry, but hey, I mean, technically, Kickstarter is just supporting the company
and not getting a product.
So, you know, by unfortunately, this happens often on Kickstarter, which is why I stopped
contributing kickstarters and why we don't have guests on the show anymore promoting
kickstarters.
It's just sorry, but it's there's just too many of these types of stories, not the crypto
thing necessarily, but just kickstarters that aren't able to follow through on their promises
where it's just like, I'm not interested in promoting that.
So yeah, unfortunately, a few bad apples have ruined it for everyone.
That's the reality.
So yeah.
Well, I can't I can't believe this concept just didn't catch on like wild.
So all right, let me move on.
I want to talk about this.
We kind of knew this was coming.
I think we even kind of addressed it on a previous episode, but I will just quickly
say confirmed the arcade went up.
NFL Blitz is coming back or seriously is coming out.
So NFL Blitz is coming back because an arcade went up is coming out.
So there are some issues that are going to be addressed in the game, though.
So it's interesting to kind of hear about some of the things that the NFL and all the
rights holders and various things, one of them to do to fix up the game, such as violent
collisions that were gratuitous things after the play and that went unpenalized.
So this is just the type of thing that has kind of aged bad in twenty five years.
So they've had to kind of scale that back a little bit.
You know, they wanted to still keep the spirit of the game, obviously.
But it's kind of like I get it sounds like the timer to do those types of things has
been pulled back significantly.
So it's kind of interesting.
And it sounds like they have a lot of the agreements to bring back old players in the
game, but you might not see them all.
But you will get 1997 NFL Blitz, NFL Blitz 99 and NFL Blitz 2000 Gold Edition.
And they actually had to go in and change some of the code to make it happen.
So I think it'll be cool.
I'm not like a super fan of this NFL Blitz series, but I know it's in the whole same
thing as like NBA Jam and, you know, kind of comes from that same era.
So, yeah.
S.G.O. and Hunter Matt says, yeah, CTE isn't a joke and destroying players doesn't age
well.
Yeah.
So in dark to see, it says a lot of people were passing on this because of the changes.
Of course they are.
Then more for the rest of us.
Zen Monkey says, what's the point of bringing it back if they just have to make it like
every other football game?
Boo.
Make the teams robots and do your own thing, Blitz.
You don't need the NFL.
Well, that is that is a I was going to say, you know, but the idea of making them robots
or androids.
Interesting.
But I guess they wanted to err on the side of people would want to have at least some
of the players and so forth and still in the game.
And in order to make that happen, they wanted to do some of these changes.
So.
No, Bobby Blackwell points out Mutant Football League does exist exactly for that purpose
pretty much.
That's a good point.
So.
All right, let's move on to some more stories.
Stark Sakura.
So I know that a lot of people out there are big fans of Gran Turismo.
I know my hubby is a big fan of Gran Turismo.
And there is a car in Gran Turismo Sport that was designed by McLaren.
If you don't know what me and McLaren is, they've made some of like the best supercars,
you know, known to date.
I've got to drive a McLaren once.
It was great.
There was a car that they put in that was a virtual concept that was called the McLaren
Solus GT.
Well, McLaren now has manufactured the car.
It is.
It's a real thing now.
It is a 5.2 liter V10 engine, seven speed sequential shift.
It is pretty sleek.
It kind of has that sort of almost detached front two wheels look.
It's a fairly light car.
It's all full carbon fiber body and titanium.
And this thing would feel no pain around the track.
It honestly, it's just so freaking pretty.
It looks like the supercar.
I won't lie.
Anyone have a, you know, a couple of mails?
A house in San Francisco to sell to help you afford that.
No, it has a top speed of 322 kilometers an hour or 200 miles an hour.
And it has 650 Nm of torque and 1200 downforce at 150 miles an hour.
It's pretty intense.
This would be the thing that I would have watched on Top Gear.
I'll be perfectly honest.
The question is which paint job do you like the best?
Oh.
I think the orange and blue looks great.
The white and green makes me think of Jazz from Transformers.
Also a little black and orange is good.
Squiggly is not following.
I'm not feeling the squigglies.
I really like the black with the, yeah.
Is it orange or red?
It looked like it was red to me.
But it's also got a rainbow on it.
That's awesome.
But there's also this one that's like, uh, all black with gold detail on the tires.
And I think that that's pretty sharp.
That would be, that would be my jam without the numbers on it.
Cause I mean, the numbers are more for racing anyway, but not that, that would just be
pretty wicked, pretty wicked.
I hit the button to feel the drive.
Yeah.
Number two is I think.
I like the orange and blue with the little rainbow in the back.
That's, that's a hot car.
I really like that one for sure.
But yeah, I'll never be able to afford it.
So it's just something I can appreciate from a distance.
I think that the whole thing is just a beautiful piece of machinery.
I'm trying to figure out where the engine on it is.
Is it a, is it, I think it's a rear engine.
Oh, I'm sure.
Um, there was one that had a central engine and I don't remember whether it wasn't a McLaren,
but that thing was pretty interesting.
I'll quickly say something else to show.
And under Matt said in chat here saying coincidentally, the car costs as much in real
life as it costs in in-game currency and GT and a lifetime of saving and playing to afford.
Yes.
Yeah.
Um, I'm trying though to see, um,
I'm trying to, I guess it's a rear engine.
Um, uh, let's see, barrel throttle.
Oh, at any rate, at any rate, um, uh, it also apparently has like, uh, uh, oh, uh, the engine
is fixed, uh, to the chassis.
There we go.
Very interesting.
Yeah.
Um, this would definitely be on my list of dream cars, although I don't know if it's
on my list of dream cars, although I would still give somebody else's right arm for one
of the Bugatti Veyron's.
I love the way you phrase that.
I'd give somebody else's right arm, not mine.
Cause somebody else's.
In a heartbeat.
Here have, have this person's right arm.
Here's a doll's right arm.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
We're going to get to our next story.
Uh, Loki, this is fascinating to me because we're talking about a fandom for a game that's
not real.
Help, help explain this here, please.
It's like a meme.
So it kind of reminds me a little bit of the free folk, um, which is the kind of the fan
community for a game of Thrones who turned on game of Thrones when season eight sucked.
Um, so it's kinda like that, but in a sense, uh, so what this is, it's about this game
called Arkham world, uh, which is not a real game, obviously.
Cause the next, uh, game that they're doing is, I don't remember what it's called now,
but it's like with Robin and stuff and, um, it doesn't matter.
Uh, Oh, I'm sorry.
They're doing suicide squad.
Oh, there was also Gotham nights.
That was the one of the nights.
It's this pod culture.
Yeah.
Gotham nights.
So Gotham nights, eh, it's kinda like, you know, not, not all that exciting.
So instead what the community is doing is they're talking about this like fictional
game as if it's real and it's already out.
Which is funny because like they keep posting all these like kind of memes or fake things
like talking about, like, you know, for those who haven't been, you know, keeping up with
like one year ago today, Batman Arkham world was released, you know, um, you know, what's,
what's your opinion about this game?
Or like they talked about, like, they keep like referencing stuff that happened in this
game.
Um, that's not real.
Like they'll have screenshots where, Hey, look, my favorite part of this game is Spider-Man
swinging in stuff like that.
It's kind of funny, like, um, a way to just talk about, you know, what they actually want
in the game, like a open world Arkham game versus what they're getting.
So has anyone streamed the game on Twitch yet?
That's what I want to see.
No, I don't think it's streaming.
Then somebody needs to take it to the next level.
Like we just had that story, excuse me, two weeks ago of the people that made that entirely
fake near level, like into the church and everything you need to, you Arkham world fans
need to get on that level.
You need to, if you really want to gaslight everyone into thinking your game is real,
you need to get on that level.
Well, the thing too about it is like, it's kind of funny, like, I mean, it's sort of
like civil disobedience as well, because you're like, instead of talking about, I mean, obviously
if the subreddit's not owned by the folks developing these Arkham games, um, but typically
like a studio would probably want to promote their game within that community.
And so kind of like, well, we, we don't really, we're not interested in your stupid Gotham
night.
So we're going to just talk about this other game and just talk about all this hypothetical
stuff that's going on.
It's kind of funny.
It's not an original idea.
Apparently, uh, one of the, the, uh, folks is sorry.
Unhappy worker 77 said that it was something that happened in the Titanfall community with,
uh, Titanfall three, where they pretend that's a real thing as well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which I wish it was a real thing.
Cause Titanfall two I hear is really good.
Apex is still pretty good though.
As far as those giant robot and giant giant mech robot is what makes everything better.
Everything better.
All right.
Well, retro goodness always makes things better too.
And of course, a lot of people are very excited about the mini Genesis two, uh, the full list
of games came out.
So we know exactly what is going to be, uh, in the Japanese version and the U S version
of the Sega, uh, Genesis or mega drive mini two.
The only way you can get one of these in North America, by the way, is to get one from Amazon,
Japan, which I think is interesting, but because there are so few of them being made because
of, you know, components and parts and things like that, they basically only have the one
way to get it.
Now, this whole thing, and this announcement of the big game list kicked off quite the
discussion in our discord this week.
I was almost a little taken by surprise how like much people had to say about it, uh,
in a pleasant way, uh, over on our discord, over at vog network.com slash discord.
And I'm going to make a long story, very short, basically with the lists for both these, um,
you know, the, the Japanese and the U S one coming out, it was noted, um, that there are
some games missing from the U S one that are going to be in the Japanese ones, namely the
lunar games is what it comes down to.
So the lunar games that are going to be in the Japanese one will not be in the U S one.
And, you know, that's ridiculous.
And people are pointing the fingers all over the place.
Um, there is a tweet that we were referenced here from mega drive shock, who kind of tries
to summarize what's going on here.
Victor Ireland sold the N a publishing and script rights to lunar back to game arts.
The only thing Ireland still owns is the audio.
The reason lunar won't be on the Genesis mini too is because Ireland wanted more money to
license the audio and, uh, it sources this Twitter account sources, an operation rainfall
interview where, um, in the interview of operation rainfall, he was asked, is there any chance
of this occurring again with Gaijin works?
Um, which I think was something else that was happening at the time.
And, uh, Victor said, I'm not going to say no.
I think it would be cool to do, but the thing is that with the way the rights are with lunar,
we sold most of the rights back to game arts.
So game arts has almost all the rights to lunar, except for the performance rights to
the audio.
So really they have most, uh, and if the lunar license was to happen, we would just be licensing
that little piece.
So it could come out and it would probably come out under their name.
So they would do marketing for it.
So I think it's unlikely, but I'm not going to say no, it would be cool to do here's here's
my take, which I don't think I've seen yet.
And I just kind of want to plant this.
Why?
Question mark seed.
If the audio is what's holding it back, why don't they replace it?
What do you mean saying you can't replace it?
We just talked about it with Sonic, the hedgehog three.
Do you know how much more money they would have to pay?
I know they just, they just did it with Sonic, the hedgehog.
And that was, that was Michael Jackson music.
Now, granted, that's a little different.
Yeah.
But I'm just like, I, if, if that is truly what's holding this back, I mean, but maybe
because they can, and I will be only because they can make so many of them and these types
of things, maybe it's just not worth it to have somebody go in there and redo things.
Bobby Black Wolf says lunar is also the voice acting.
Well, Konami tried to find a way around that too with the Silent Hill collection.
Didn't go so well for him though, at the end of the day.
So that can also be fixed, but fair.
But yeah, it's probably, and as Orange Wright says, it's too much effort probably for the
minimal amount of release that they're doing with these, you know, again, they're only
going to sell what a 10th of what they had published last time, just due to the shortages
and all that stuff.
I would say, hold out hope, maybe that there'll be a third one of these and then maybe those
games will show up if there's the demand for them.
But it's interesting.
So of course I, I kind of missed those Sega years personally.
So to be honest, I've never played lunar, but I've heard a lot of great things about
it and I feel like, Oh, clearly I'm missing something there.
So, all right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's move on to, let's move on to a simpler time and a retro title that has had no problems
getting reported and republished over and over again.
We're going to go to the classic game of the week.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
And dark soccer, what classic game did you pick for folks this week?
I picked ice climber.
Ice climber was a platformer that was developed and published by Nintendo first for the versus
system, the arcade versus system in 1984.
And then after that for the Famicom and NES in 1985, the characters were Popo and Nana.
Although in the German version, they were Pepe and Nana.
They were known as the ice climbers.
And they had to go through 32 vertically scrolling mountains to recover stolen vegetables
from a giant condor.
And in some European countries, ice climber was bundled with the NES.
The versus ice climber has a little animated title screen and the stage select menu at
the start of the game in between levels.
16 more mountains, occasional blizzards and wind effects, more enemy characters and bonus
multiplayer items.
And of course, as we know, Nana and Popo were playable in the Smash Brothers series, starting
with Super Smash Brothers Melee on GameCube.
And we'll get into other bits of this later.
But player one is Popo, player two is Nana wearing a blue and pink parka respectively.
They have a mallet to carve out cave openings in the ice above and to hit enemies.
And each of the different mountains have different enemies that will appear.
And you have a bonus stage for each level.
So each mountain is eight layers of ice and then the bonus stage.
Some square blocks that have higher detail are indestructible, so you have to take a
different path.
There's also hatched ice that is sort of a sliding conveyor belt thing for Nana or Popo
left or right.
And then there's these clouds that you can't break.
But anyway, you have to go up the mountain and defeat enemies and keep going.
Now, as I said in the arcade version, there were some other differences.
You have, once you go through the initial set of 24 mountains, you have another 24 to
go through and then Condor is replaced by a giant butterfly.
And then after the next eight stages are cleared, you get bonus round and then you pick up the
cycle all over again and it keeps a track whether it was claimed by, well, the mountain
was claimed by an ice climber or if it's still topi territory.
So they get trickier, they get harder, and then after each bonus stage, those scores
are tallied and points are awarded for various things.
And it does keep track of the high score, although you cannot save it on the NES version.
As far as, you know, a few other things going on with this, there were different releases,
but I want to go back a little bit into the development history.
Ice Climber and NES Open Tournament Golf were directed by Miki Kenji, a long time Nintendo
producer.
It was also the first game programmed by Morita Kazuaki, and it was, as he says, his warm
up before becoming the main programmer on Super Mario Brothers.
And he also was credited with central programming for other games in the Super Mario Brothers
series, Legend of Zelda series, and Star Fox 64.
So Ice Climber was a launch title for the NES in North America and then was re-released
with some of the consoles.
The PC-8801 version had a more limited color palette and a reworked HUD, versus Ice Climber
has been re-released for Famicom Disk, removing the difficulty settings, and then having graphics
closer to Ice Climber.
It also was released in Arcade Archives for Nintendo Switch, although they removed the
B enemy.
The NES game is unlockable in Animal Crossing for GameCube, and it can only be officially
unlocked via e-reader in North America.
And then it was also a gift for players that requested their save data be transferred from
the Japanese Dobutsu Nomori to the Dobutsu Nomori Plus Edition.
So as far as various systems it has been on, we'll go ahead and start.
We have the Arcade Versus, Famicom NES, the NEC PC-8801 published by Hudson Soft, the
Famicom Disk System port, the e-reader version, Game Boy Advance, Wii Virtual Console, 3DS
Virtual Console, Wii U Virtual Console, Nintendo Switch Online, and Nintendo Switch Arcade
Archives.
As of April 1st, 1985, it was the eighth most successful table arcade unit according to
Japan Machine.
And the former president of Finland, Mano Koivisto, was a big fan of Nintendo games,
and his son-in-law said that Ice Climber was his favorite.
Computer Entertainer said that the American release was addictive for fans of climbing
games.
As far as its legacy is considered, they are playable characters in the NES, the 2.5D version
of the NES Summit level throughout Super Smash Brothers, and they are voiced by Kobayashi
Sanai, and then they were removed for 3DS and Wii U because of the difficulty in maintaining
parity between the two characters.
And then they had themes from Ice Climber appear regularly in the WarioWare series,
and Kirby Nightmare in Dream Land and Kirby Air Ride.
Kirby gets a freeze ability, and he wears Popo's parka the same way as in Super Smash
Brothers.
There's Ice Climber in Tetris DS, and then Daigasso Band of Brothers includes the bonus
stage music theme, and Ice Climbers appear in Super Mario Maker as unlockable Mystery
Mushroom costumes.
I love that.
Ice Climbers is such a gem, and you know, once again, chat kind of calling out, here
we are episode 927 and never done this game.
That's the great thing about this segment is that, you know, there's just so many games
out there, and we've played a lot more games than we think.
You know, it's pretty wild that, you know, yeah, we've done this segment since episode
250.
So give or take 700, 650, 700 unique games.
I think maybe there's been an accidental repetition like twice, or maybe when you did
like soundtracks, you kind of repeated some games because you were focusing on the soundtracks,
but like honestly, 650 unique games.
That's a lot of games.
You know, people have played a lot of games over the years.
But anyway, Ice Climbers is certainly one that I remember fondly.
There are a lot of games in the world.
Yes, there are.
Yes, there are.
People have played them.
There are.
There are.
And there's more made every single day, especially thanks to indies and the whole scene.
So we'll never run out of games for this segment.
All right.
There it is.
Ice Climbers, a real classic.
And yeah, it's just somebody had referenced in chat how, you know, Ice Climbers kind of
comes from that era of like that NES launch cartridge era where all those games kind of
ran on a very similar engine and had this kind of a similar look and feel to them.
That very, that same font.
I think that Nintendo system font that really, you know, kind of ties a lot of those early
games together.
Just all the menus and everything were kind of similar to very much like arcade ports,
probably because they were based off the versus versus.
So anyway, but Ice Climbers definitely like for me, like just a gold, even if, yes, it's
hard as hell.
It's the jumping is impossible to control, but that's what the game is.
Who puts conveyor belts on a mountain?
I don't know, but that's, you know, that's part of the game's charm.
It was so difficult that when you actually got to the top of the mountain, you really
did accomplish something.
It's like that game's not easy.
So all right.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about some other news happening in the gaming world quickly
here in rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right, so Sony is going to be, well, a couple of things.
First, Death Stranding is coming to Games Pass.
So originally that was something that was available on PlayStation.
Well, of course, now on PC Game Pass, since it is out in PC, it is going to be available.
And so we got a little tweet from Xbox Game Pass PC that shows, you know, special delivery.
And yeah, I'm excited to play this on my new PC.
I really is.
Is it the special edition or is it just the regular one?
I don't know.
Or it's a special edition.
Whatever the PC one was.
Oh, which I don't know if they ever released.
Yeah, it says despite five or five, also releasing a PC version of the director's cut.
The original game is it says the on the Games Pass stuff.
It says describes it as the original version of Hideo Kojima is critically claimed and
genre defined epic.
That's hard to say if it's going to be the director's cut or not, but.
I'm just going to assume it's not at this point, but oh, well, I'll still check it out
because it'll probably look even better than it did when I played it on PlayStation the
first time.
Yeah, probably.
And then Sony is also going to be developing a Days Gone movie, apparently.
So according to Deadline, Sam Hagen is circling the project and screenwriter Sheldon Turner
is adapting.
So we'll have to see what that's like, I guess.
Other zombie movie.
No shortage of video game related media lately, right?
I keep seeing that Uncharted finally hit Netflix.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I haven't got a chance to watch it or if I'm going to.
Dark Sakura.
So in other news going on, I saw this and I was like, oh, that looks good.
Some fans are remaking the first Resident Evil in Unreal Engine 5, and it looks really,
really, really good.
They're calling it Biohazard RE1 Classic Edition.
And it honestly is looking really good.
They're hoping to have that out.
I'm trying to see when they said.
No, I don't have I don't see a date on it, but they seem to like quite a lot for Jill
Dunn, like their little trailer has her doing the Moonlight Sonata scene to open the door
and her working with Barry and some of her voice lines recorded.
So it looks really good.
Awesome.
And they're also working on doing a non fixed dangle version.
Oh, yeah.
All right, quickly, in another part of the gaming universe, QuakeCon 2022 happened this
last weekend.
It was virtual again this year, so it was mostly streaming announcements and things
of that sort.
However, obviously, with Microsoft having picked up Bethesda some time ago, these QuakeCons
end up being a lot of Bethesda announcements.
And lately it's about how they're partnering with Microsoft.
And again, a lot of Xbox Game Pass releases.
Six Bethesda games for Xbox Game Pass PC.
Please note this is PC and is not a Series X or anything.
But Wolfenstein 3D as in the classic, which I think Jamie, didn't we have that as a classic
game, like not even like three months ago or something?
It was recent.
Yeah, we did.
Yeah, so that is now on Game Pass PC, as is the return to Castle Wolfenstein, the reboot
they did years later.
Quake 4, Quake Champions, that game, I think it was already free to play, but it's like
you get all the champions unlocked in that.
And then for some reason, even though it's QuakeCon, we got some Elder Scrolls announcements.
Battlespire and Redguard are also now on Xbox Game Pass PCs.
So it's like some more classic titles, mostly, besides the Quake Champions.
Pretty cool that that's all available.
I also noticed Doom 64 was on Epic Game Stores, the freebie.
So this is not just limited to Xbox Game Pass stuff.
There's some other stuff going on around the gaming universe as well.
So if no one special 77 is out there somewhere, enjoy all those free games, including Doom
64, which is not bad.
It's worth checking out for sure.
So all right, let's move on with some more stories.
Oh, actually, no, we're going to go to some release dates first and check out the games
that are coming out this week.
Loki, I don't think I need to ask about the big one in the US this week because you already
said you were going to stream it.
But humor us and recap the releases anyway.
The big one this week is Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader for PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Is it still that comic that that told all the Rednet jokes that host that?
Or did they have to have a...
Yes, I literally forgot his name.
Was just Jeff Foxworthy.
But you know who's hosting it now?
No, that's always cool.
Who hosts it now?
Well, nobody, because you can't see him.
But it's John Cena.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I don't know.
I literally don't know.
Or I'm sorry.
Yeah.
So well, actually, it was revived with John Cena.
So he hosted from June 10th through November 2019.
I'm not surprised at all that John Cena is hosting a game show.
Of course he is.
If it's still is it still even on TV?
Like I saw like I was like we went to the theaters for something and they had, you know,
those advertisements before the show type thing.
And I think they were showing that.
And I saw John Cena, you know, seemed like what?
Yeah, I don't know if it's it's back on again.
And honestly, I'm going to be is terrible game show.
Like I love game shows.
I think that game show is really one of the worst.
It's a one trick pony show.
And like the gag is old after five minutes.
I think it's really one of the worst game shows they've ever made.
I think I don't know why he's watching it.
Why do you bring it back?
But it's it's called something else.
And it's not like are you smarter than are you a dumb shit?
It's like something.
Actually, I don't want to use that word because it's ableist.
But like, like, are you?
But but that's that's the whole that's the whole gag of the show.
I just I just don't care for the show.
But anyway, there's other games coming out, right, Loki?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So aside from that, there's going to be Fallen Legion Revenants, which is on PC, PlayStation
five, Xbox one, Xbox series, Fallen Legion, Rise of Glory.
That is also going to be on the same platforms as well.
Midnight Fight Express on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Saints Row is going to be out on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one.
And Xbox series.
God, I hope it doesn't suck.
How are you feeling right now on the eve of that game?
I am not super excited about it.
I am going to play it, but I am not like hyped on it.
That's a good place to be, because you know what?
It can only exceed your expectations and not be even lower.
Yeah, I know.
But the chances of it exceeding your expectations are much higher than if you're like,
middle ground, you know, you're not like over.
Like, I just I'm not super excited about it.
It's a better place than where I'm at with Final Fantasy 16, because I know and I'm sitting
here going, do not put the bar too high.
Do not put the bar at a level that is insurmountable.
I can't I can say that on one hand and on the other.
I am completely like, but this game, I'm so hyped for it.
I cannot wait.
There are so many talented people involved.
This is going to be the best thing.
This will be the best video game that's ever been made.
I can't help it.
I just the hype machine is in full effect.
So yeah, but you're in it.
You're in a healthier place for your fandom, Loki.
I don't like that.
I don't like the characters right now as from an outside looking in without actually playing
the game yet.
I don't like the way the characters.
I don't like the characters themselves.
Maybe they'll grow me, you know, and that's perfectly fine.
And I would love to be like surprised by that.
Maybe there'll be a plot twist about the character.
Like the movie Orphan or something, a big revelation that makes the movie 10 times cooler.
20 times.
By the way, Orphan first cut is now apparently on Paramount Plus and it's just as wild.
Like everything I'm here is just as wild.
I hope that it shares something in common with a game that's coming out later in the
week, which we'll get to in just a second here.
OK.
And it is pretty buggy.
So we'll see.
I hope we'll see.
Anyways, there's also Yars Recharged, which is coming out on PC, Mac, Linux, Nintendo
Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Stadia and Atari VCS.
Anything with a monitor.
Every everything.
All of it.
Your toaster.
Stadia.
Islets on Windows.
Looks like Nintendo Switch, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
We have Alice's Warped Wonderland Recollection on Nintendo Switch.
Earth Defense Force 6 on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Hack, which is on PC and Nintendo Switch.
I was a teenage exocolonist.
That's quite a name.
On PC, Mac and Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Idol Manager on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Monster Outbreak on PC, Mac and Linux and Nintendo Switch.
SD Gundam Battle Alliance on PC and Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox
One and Xbox Series.
Chin Chan, me and the professor on summer vacation.
The endless seven day journey.
Well, it's not endless if it's only seven days.
It doesn't make any sense.
That's I guess that's true.
That's on PlayStation 4.
Soul Hackers 2 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
The Bridge Curse Road to Salvation on PC.
Brock the Investigator on PC.
The Company Man on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Also, it looks like we've got Fallen Legion Revenants and Fallen Legion Rise of Glory
coming out on again, I don't know, on PC, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
I'm sure there's something to have different regions there or something.
Nexomon plus Nexomon Extinction Complete Collection on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One.
Pac-Man World Repack on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox
Series.
And last but not least, Soul Hackers 2 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox
Series.
That's it.
S.J. 100 Matt in chat noting a lot coming out this week.
Yeah, we are in the fourth quarter, that pre-Labor Day kind of pushing out all the third quarter
releases and pretty soon the holiday season.
So, yeah, it's going to be that time of year.
The gaming industry fourth quarter that starts in August and ends in November.
You know that one.
Yeah.
Questbuster says Gamescom also starts this week on the 23rd.
It's true.
That's right.
There's the Jeff Keighley event, which I am pleased to see that they are showcasing Goat
Simulator 3.
So very interested in that.
When is that?
Is that Thursday morning?
I think because I think we got an email Thursday something.
I saw something on Twitter on that.
This may surprise you all, but VOG Network is a friend of Jeff Keighley because he always
emails us about his events.
I don't mind at all.
This is the only bummer is most of these events are during the working day and and VOG Network
does not pay any of our bills, believe it or not.
So I can't do both when the day job is conflicted.
So but I'm excited to see what all they do show at the opening night at Gamescom.
That'll be fun.
Okay, let's quickly try to run through Japan's releases.
But they have a lot as well, but I'll try to make it quick.
So on the Switch, Disco Elysium, the final cut gets a release officially on the Switch
in Japan this week.
We also have SD Gundam Battle Alliance gets released in Japan as well this week.
Idol Manager, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shredder's Revenge.
Yeah, I guess that wasn't out in Japan yet on the Switch, but that will be coming this
week on August the 25th.
Pac-Man World Repack also coming out in Japan as it is in the US this week.
And Tetsudon Nippon, Rosentabi Meichi Tetsudon Hen comes out this week as well.
We also have a new Pikachu versus Meowth branded controller that's coming out.
Cool.
If that's something you like to do is collect those various types of controllers.
That's everything on the Switch.
If you want to look on the PlayStation 5, guess what?
If you're a Saints Row fan in Japan, it's also coming out in Japan this week.
There's also a Notorious Edition, which is basically the limited edition also coming
out in Japan this week.
Disco Elysium is also making its way to the PlayStation 5 in Japan this week.
And Earth Defense Force 6 also hits Japanese PlayStation 5 this week.
But that's not all.
SD Gundam Battle Alliance, Soul Hackers 2, Rustler, Sword and Fairy Together Forever,
Idol Manager, Pac-Man World Repack, all of that on PlayStation 5 this week.
So there's a lot of games on their way.
So all right, let's go to Europe.
Dark Sakura, please.
Actually, not very many things on the list.
Saints Row on August 23rd.
In fact, most of these are August 23rd.
That's on PlayStation and Xbox.
Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader?
On multiple systems.
Nintendo Switch OLED Models Splatoon 3 edition.
So there's that.
Among Us Ejected Edition on PlayStation, Xbox and Switch.
And then on the 26th, we have Soul Hackers 2 and Pac-Man World Repack.
And that's it.
All righty.
Is anyone curious about the Pac-Man World Repack?
I kind of am.
I kind of want to play it.
I don't know.
After I play all my other Pac-Man games.
Yeah, right.
I saw that museum game to keep pushing through, too.
So is it like a rerelease of the old game?
It's a remaster.
So they've redone it, basically.
So I'm curious about it.
Just can't get excited about Pac-Man.
I see.
They're very hit and miss for me.
Some of them are crap.
But like Pac-Man Championship Edition and Championship Edition 2 gave that series a
swift kick in the butt that it badly needed.
They were really good.
So like there are good Pac-Man releases still.
I think Pac-Man needs to have like the social media person that controls the Sonic the Hedgehog
Twitter account to like.
No, they need the person that controls the Radio Shack Twitter account.
Maybe not that.
That's a little bit too much.
I want Pac-Man to be edgy.
All right.
That would be pretty edgy.
Let's move on and touch on a few more headlines before we get to listener roundtable and your
thoughts and calls and tweets, etc.
But first, Loki.
I'm sure what I'm going to assume that they're going to describe as another horrible misstep.
There's another allegation of Call of Duty stealing other people's artwork again.
So we talked about this a while back or not even a while back.
I think it was a couple of weeks ago about how they had to pull the skin off of their
marketplace because it stole the it basically plagiarized the work of one of the artists
out there that created skin.
Well, this time they're even being more bold about it.
And they are apparently putting out skin that looks awfully similar.
Not quite identical this time, but certainly extremely similar to a heavily inspired by
heavily inspired by.
And this is like by Robert Bolling, or as you may know him, four zero two, who it was
an Infinity Ward guy now working with Dr. Disrespect on their new game, Midnight Society.
And he actually showed a skin that was going to be in that game.
And oh, look at that.
Now, all of a sudden, it's coming out for Call of Duty.
Yeah, go figure.
This is certainly very, very similar.
Legally distinct, I think is what they call that, right?
All right.
Yeah.
Well, switching gears completely, Dark Soccer has a sad story for us, but one with the silver
lining.
Yeah.
So an indie developer by the name of Rob Hale has recently died, and he left final wishes
that his first published game and its sequel are out for free on Steam.
He's also known as Squid in a Box.
He died of cancer, and his partner CJ put the announcement out that Waves and the next
game that was in development, Waves 2, would be made free to download on Steam.
CJ is quoted saying this is something Rob was considering anyway with the past two months
as their health entered into more substantial difficulties.
I hope this can be seen as a parting gift to all of those out there that haven't yet
played either of these games.
So both of them are twin-stick shooters, very colorful, very pretty neon lights, and definitely
seem like they're a lot of fun.
So definitely go check it out.
This is a very lovely thing to do to really kind of show the impact that you had on the
world through art, because art is something that many of us contribute in different ways.
One could argue that this very podcast is in fact art.
It's a certain type of art, but it's art, and art is one of those things that we leave
behind on this world, right?
I call this the found medium, found object medium.
So you would say it's found art or fart for short.
Well, technically it would be found object medium.
But anyway, in all seriousness, and not to laugh at what is otherwise a very serious
thing, this is a very lovely thing to really gift the world your art as you move on to
the next adventure and really show everyone the mark you left behind.
I think that's really cool.
And yeah, I'll definitely check the game out.
I remember hearing about Waze a while ago.
I want to say maybe I even saw it, but I don't think I necessarily played it.
So I'll certainly check it out.
Good chance.
For the record, when I noticed, I mean, both of them are PC games, but Waze 2 actually
has Steam Deck compatibility if anyone has one.
Neat.
All right, let's move on.
Loki, just a few more stories.
All right, so we always make the joke, you know, what is Doom running on now?
So now someone has gotten Doom to run on a farm tractor.
So now you can, you know, harvest and play Doom at the same time.
And also loop killers.
Sorry, Rob.
That's for Rob.
I get it.
I get it.
All right.
So this was part of this was shown, I guess, at Def Con.
And so they're saying, you know, as part of this process, they use the source port dehacked
Doom.
And then, of course, another modder, Skelligant, was able to create a farm themed Doom mod
to be able to play on the John Deere's tractor jailbroken system.
Of course.
It's less important that the John Deere tractors run Doom.
It's more important that they've jailbroken the system because John Deere locks down a
lot of these computers and stuff for they're trying to stop right to repair.
So that is really the motivation for them to, you know, try to hack the John Deere systems.
But of course, you know, if you hack something, you want to show that you can run Doom on
it because why not?
Orange right.
With a very good question in chat saying sooner or later, we'll see Doom running in farm
simulator.
That would be very meta, right?
Have Doom in farming simulator on the tractor.
Yeah, that would be I can't wait.
All right.
Or just have like the marine be on a tractor driving through over, you know, demons in
hell.
Oh, so basically make it Doom, but farming.
No, he's not farming anything.
He's just running over people with a tractor or demons.
He's far.
He's farming kills.
Farming kills.
Exactly.
Farming kills.
I farm blood points on a tractor in Dead by Daylight.
Womp womp.
Womp womp.
All right.
We have one more announcement tonight.
One more story to get into.
Do you remember last week we had an announcement of an announcement?
It was Sunsoft was set to reveal something.
Well, they revealed it, and the game they announced was Iki Unite.
It is a revival of a 1985 arcade and Famicom roguelike game for PC.
It's going to launch in 2022, but this will support up to 16 players online.
And there's a very, very, very short teaser video that's out there, but it is something
you can kind of check out to see the game in motion there, which it's interesting because
I've heard people say it just looks like they're riding the vampire survivors train.
And even though this is a remake or reimagining, if you will, of a game that was made in 1985,
yeah, I'm definitely getting the vampire survivors vibe from this game.
Yeah, which is, you know, there's a lot of knockoff games for that right now,
so I'm not really surprised.
And that's a great game.
So, yeah, but that was the big Sunsoft reveal was this particular game.
So sorry if you were like me and you were waiting for Fester's Quest to come back.
Unfortunately, that will not be coming out.
However, before I get to listen to Roundtable,
does anyone else see that trailer for the Wednesday Netflix series?
Yes.
I think it looks really good.
I think there's a lot of people that are ready to hate on it, but I think it looks good.
First off, and I think a lot of people have already addressed this,
but I'm just going to say I don't have any problem with Luis Guzman as
Gomez, and they made him look more like the comics.
It's fine.
Yeah, that was the thing is that they thought Raul Julia was too handsome to be a proper Gomez.
Which fair.
He was a handsome fucking guy.
Short and very stout and not all that good looking.
Yeah, so but I loved the tone of the trailer.
It was that perfect blend of very dry humor.
Who did they cast?
Jenny Ortega, I think is her name.
She was also the girl in the opening scene in the new screen movie.
She's having a great year.
She's great.
She had just that right amount of dryness in that scene and everything.
It was good.
I enjoyed it.
So I don't get excited about it on TV, any show.
Yeah, but I'm excited for that one.
And some people were saying that it was too much.
They shouldn't be making dick jokes.
No, they didn't.
They listen very carefully to the words they chose and the way they did it.
There's a lot there.
That's your dirty ass brain filling in the gaps.
They did not explicitly say the Piranha was biting him in the dick.
So just something to do that.
So, um, DJ says, uh, Luis Guzman is too much of an oblong head and his hair looks like
a cheap toupee recast.
I will say the hair.
The hair is the one thing where I'm like, and I could see where people take issue with
that, but I, I think it's one of those things where it's like the, the, um, what would
you call it?
The, um, the, the meter was turned up to 11 in the, um, over the top department with that
wig, I think.
So, but I, I, I, I'm excited to see the emotion.
The other thing to keep in mind, he's actually not a main character in this show.
So he's in it, but he's not a main character.
So, cause it's, it's a Wednesday spinoff show.
So Wednesday's main character, I believe Morticia is for some reason.
Um, but yeah, so I'm excited for the show to be honest.
Yeah.
And I'm putting a link for those who don't know, I'm putting a link in chat of what,
what the original comic Gomez looked like.
Yeah.
And pretty much how perfect.
Um, yeah, as I also agree with Sarah when I'm at, apparently they're keeping Fester's
casting under really tight lock and key.
So it's gotta be big.
Yeah.
There's been no, nothing on who is playing Fester or if Fester's even in the show, it
could be one of those things where he's not showing up to later season.
I don't know, but we'll see.
What if they got Christopher Lloyd to do it again?
That'd be amazing.
Christopher Lloyd though has like lost a lot of weight.
Oh yeah.
He, and he is in his late eighties.
He's, he's fairly up there.
Yeah.
Even just for a scene, just for a scene.
All right.
Uh, let's get into, although, you know, who is in it.
I will say who is in it is Christina Ricci's in it.
And they're not saying who she's playing.
Now.
I don't know if she's that, that, that would be a hoot if she's uncle Fester, but I don't
think so either.
I don't see how that works.
I think she'd be like a teacher or something.
I think, I think, I think she goes the complete off opposite and she's like the harmony hut
lady in this, uh, this one.
So we'll see what happens.
All right.
Anyway, let's get to the listener round table.
We will take on any questions that you might have as well as your tweets and your emails
over at, uh, participate at orange lounge radio.com.
I think I saw at least one, uh, uh, for reading tonight.
So let's get to it.
Uh, our email tonight.
Um, this comes from Ziva.
Yay.
A free com, a free company in final fantasy 14 called, uh, Cirque is doing a production
of clue on August 27th.
It starts at 9 PM EST on the Matias server, which is on the crystal data center.
They perform all of their productions inside their free company house that is located in
the lavender beds residential zone in ward 10 house three.
Since data center travel is now a thing, and I know there might be a handful of people
interested in this.
I thought I would email about it.
I also posted this on the discord.
Some of Cirque's past productions were beauty and the beast, Rocky horror picture show,
little mermaid, labyrinth, the room, princess bride, and street fighter.
Every single one of their performances are well scripted and choreographed.
They have the players who obviously act out the parts players who are in charge of the
lighting and effects, and they give out watch together link, which has the music, um, arrive
early because it fills up quickly.
If you don't play final fantasy 14, but are interested in seeing this in game, you can
create a free trial account on Matias and choose Gridania as your starting town.
Then you can get to the lavender beds residential zone by talking to a central shroud skipper
NPC outside of Gridania.
You can also pick up a level 10 quest at bench brand in central shroud.
Once complete, you can work to lavender beds using the main grid on yet either right at
no charge.
If you don't want to make an account and still are interested in seeing the, uh, the production,
there's usually a live stream.
If anyone has any questions, feel free to send me a DM on discord.
Hope to see some of you there.
And that's from Ziba.
Oh, TD alcoholics and chat.
Hi.
Um, thank you Ziba for that.
And yeah, Ziba tweeted that at me and you know, I was like, oh, I
definitely want to come.
The only bummer is I just found out, well, it's not a bummer for me, but it's a bummer
for this.
I just found out that my friend from San Diego is going to be here visiting that same day.
So I'm not sure I can actually go live.
So I really hope it's on YouTube.
I'm really curious if it's the movie or the play because it sounds like they've done plays
in there.
And most people know clue through the movie.
Specifically said Rocky horror picture show is done.
Not the Rocky horror show.
Oh, good catch.
Good catch.
So they're basically redoing movies in there.
Okay.
Interesting.
Um, yeah, because there was a separate clue Broadway play about 10 years or off-Broadway
or one of those about 10 years ago.
So, okay.
So they're doing the movie.
Well, I'm curious because you don't see movies staged a lot.
Although ironically, I did see a stage production of clue the movie.
They were kind of doing it under the radar.
I saw it in San Francisco.
This is the same theater company.
Like six months later, they did star Wars and they got shut down in a heartbeat.
Some, unfortunately they're a little too close to Lucasfilm store being in San Francisco
and they got shut down for doing star Wars.
But I wa I saw them do clue like six months prior and it was a lot of fun.
So that is the first time I saw Mrs.
Peacock played by a man.
And I thought it was great.
And I, I swore one day I would play Mrs.
Peacock and I did.
So that was, that was because of that performance.
I had a great time with that.
So, uh, but yeah, I'm, I'm excited to check it out.
I really, really, really hope they archive it on YouTube.
If I can't be there live, because I might, I might, because the East coast time difference,
I might be able to be there for at least a little bit.
So I'll be curious, but it sounds great.
So completely off topic.
Yeah.
I'm sad that you're not watching celebrity drag race because then we would have something
to talk about if no one emails.
No, I just, I, I, I have to be careful how much dry grace I consume or I get sick of
it.
Like that's why I don't bother with any of the international versions anymore.
I don't watch any of them.
Although I'm pretty good.
I heard drag race Philippines is like next level drama.
Like it's apparently really good.
And it's the only non U S edition to have an untucked.
And for good reason, apparently.
So I saw some clips floating around Twitter.
It looked great.
So anyway, it's great to see DDR alcoholic.
Hey, heads up.
So, so do your call.
Like the reason why we're all a fanning and fawning is because that's somebody we used
to play DDR with back in the day, uh, over at Roseville, in the years that this show
was formed.
Right.
I would be curious.
Well, I guess did your call.
It kind of lives a little ways away now from what I remember.
So she's not around the corner anymore, but I'd be curious if you ever made your way up
to round one now that it's open in Roseville, I guess that's quite a distance, but it's
worth asking.
Cause just, just to, just to see, just to see how it's evolved and the kids today playing
the same games.
So I'd be curious.
All right.
Let's get to some tweets at least over at twitter.com slash O L R because I know there
was at least, I want to give a shout out to SSJ 100, Matt, who number one was the only
person who actually tweeted us a picture of their O L R setup, complete with cameo doggy
there.
So enjoy that.
That was great.
I retweeted that as well.
So, oh, actually, no, I didn't.
Cause it's a locked account so I can only reply.
So I guess I just showed somebody's private tweet, but I have a feeling he won't mind.
All right.
Let's see.
Then number two for SSJ 100, Matt, I completely stole a meme he put in our discord and I passed
it off as our own.
Did you see that one Loki?
Because he, he did the meme of the, the, I don't know, it looked like the girl yelling
at the guy at the festival or whatever with the whole little like written message in all
caps.
Then the written message says, so then Loki said that if this weird card game sold 1 million
copies, he would wear a costume of this character called Tingle.
And there's a whole thing on that.
I thought it was funny.
That's, that's why I stole it and made it, made it our own.
So thank you, SSJ 100, Matt, for letting me steal that without suing.
Now, something else that got tweeted over to us, Dark Tetsuya actually tweeted us saying,
I thought this was cool.
Um, a recently preserved prototype version of NES NARC.
You remember that game from the early nineties?
I remember the arcade version.
Yes.
There was an arcade.
It also had a cameo in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
And I think, wasn't there a Super Nintendo version?
Yeah, I think.
Yeah.
But there was supposed to be an NES version before Nintendo's sensors stepped in.
So, uh, embedded a tweet from the account Forest Illusion.
We preserved a prototype of NARC for the Nintendo Entertainment System developed by Rare Limited.
According to the front label, this build was intended for demo purposes at CES.
As for the build itself, it's uncensored and features various references to smoking
and illicit drugs.
And now that it's on the internet, of course, anybody can check it out there.
It's available to check out.
You can see a whole thing on YouTube and they have some screenshots as well of what like
the game looked like and so forth on the NES.
So, uh, pretty cool.
Fifth dream in chats is I played NARC so much in the Walmart lobby when I was a kid.
Yeah.
That says a lot about the nineties right there.
But thank you for that tweet.
That was everything we got on Twitter this week.
Uh, I have to say I talked about NARC being in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
I was referring to the first movie.
Oh yeah.
The movie.
Yeah.
The one from the nineties.
Yeah.
So.
The only movie TV.
No, there were, there were, there were, I liked, I liked the third one.
Yeah.
I liked the third one too.
I didn't even hate the second one.
My friend and I watched that third one at least like 20 times.
So I could quote the whole entire first movie with my friend Courtney.
And we would do it when one of our friends at our little group at our lunch table would
speak very loudly with her mouth full of food.
I love it.
All right.
I don't think I ever watched the third one.
I was just the first and second one.
They go back to ancient.
Interesting.
The third one is the time machine.
They go back to ancient Japan.
Yeah.
That sounds stupid.
Not bad.
It had some fun stuff in it.
It is, but in that awesome nineties kind of way.
I don't know how else to explain it.
Do you remember the karate kid part two, which involved him going to Okinawa?
That movie was fucking good.
Like, you know, sometimes that whole, you know, uh, in a new pond type of situation
works out very well.
There though, a lot of people will say that in some cases, sequels are either utter trash
or they're the best of the series.
I know a lot of people prefer empire strikes back.
I am a Jedi return to the Jedi person.
There are people, you know, who say that every, you know, even numbered, um, uh, star Trek
movie is good, you know?
So now I'm thinking about karate kid part two.
You remember that scene with the drums?
That was, Oh, chills, chills.
So good.
I saw that in the theater, Rob.
Yeah.
I think I saw that one in the theater too.
I remember it was really scary.
The power, uh, the, the, the glory of love on 45.
I love it.
Do you kids, you know what a 45 is?
It's a tiny record.
And it usually had one song on both sides, which is where the term B side comes from.
That's why your record player had a switch to go from 33 to 45.
So this is funny.
Um, tiger is not just to play the songs in a weird, you know, no, it's not.
Um, what was I going to say about karate kid?
There was a third movie.
I completely can't remember it.
Like it was back in LA and I do not remember the plot whatsoever.
And no, I have not seen Cobra Kai or any of the followups.
Like it's really just about the very, I did see next karate kid, not, not the Will Smith
kid, uh, yeah, Hillary Swank.
I did.
I re I saw that one at the 99 cent theater and we're going to leave it at that.
Um, tiger class says, I just thought it was silly that they had to make, um, Pat Morita
dude, the fake accent.
Yeah.
Um, tiger con chat says, speaking of the karate kid, you heard the creators of Cobra
Kai are going to do a spinoff of Ferris Bueller's day off.
I did.
I think I saw you or someone post that in our discord, but it's, it's odd.
Okay.
So do you remember in Ferris Bueller's day off when he goes to take the car to valet
parking, that the valets go and they take it on a joy ride.
And like, there's that one scene of them going over the Hill and that whole thing that,
that is the spinoff.
They're making a movie about the valet guys going on a joy ride.
That's stupid, right?
It's like all of all the spinoffs you can make.
That's what you're making.
Okay.
I mean, I guess all the other actors are too old now and you could probably replace those
actors and not many people would notice, but that's interesting.
Then why even bring Ferris Bueller's day off into it?
Like just, I think Matthew Broderick is a producer on it or something.
I think it's just, it could be like, I want to make trashy ideas.
Why don't we make a movie about all the baby Godzillas from Godzilla USA?
I will wait for at least a trailer, but it just like in principle, it's just kind of
like, huh?
Do you know, do you know who needs a spinoff movie?
You know, who needs to spin off Edie McClurg.
And I don't know if you've apparently she's not doing too well.
Um, I mean, bless her heart.
She's, you know, she was a theater queen in the eighties and you know, now it's 40 years
later.
So she's up there in age.
And apparently, um, apparently there's some elder care issues going on there that don't
sound great.
And it just, my heart breaks because she is such an icon of the eighties, Edie McClurg.
If you don't know who Edie McClurg is, Ferris Bueller's day off, she was the secretary
in that movie with those iconic lines.
And she was also in that, um, uh, with the Steve Martin, she's the one that Steve Martin
rants out in planes, trains, and automobiles.
Like, you know, basically like, fuck you lady type of thing.
And she just completely fucks him over.
Like she, it's an iconic piece of cinema.
Yep.
DJ Ramesh says Small Wonder.
Absolutely.
She was the nosy neighbor in Small Wonder.
The Hogan family.
She was famous on that as well.
And, and Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.
She was the one and only Chastity Pariah.
Thank you very much.
If you've never seen Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, fix it.
An iconic, iconic piece of cinema.
You won't understand my sexuality unless you watch Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.
I don't know how else to say it.
No, I have one more thing to say.
RuPaul was not the first famous drag queen.
RuPaul was not the first famous drag queen.
Elvira predates RuPaul.
Cassandra Peterson, better known as Elvira, 100% a drag queen.
100%.
That was a drag performance all of those years and continuing now.
And the best.
Where's her reality show?
Actually, she had a reality show.
They tried, they did like a next Elvira.
It wasn't, it wasn't good.
It was low budget.
It was not good.
No, that's too bad.
All right.
Anyway, I don't see any calls coming into the green room over at vognetwork.com slash
Discord.
The purple room.
But I will ask quickly.
TigerClaw says they should do a new Elvira movie.
They did one later, Elvira's Haunted Hills, because Richard O'Brien, famous from the
Rocky Horror Picture Show is also in that.
It's not, not really as iconic.
It's one of those things, you know, it has a few gags, but it's one of those things
where it's like you just keep waiting for the, it just doesn't live up to the 80s one.
I thought I had heard they were going to do one more, but she's, she doesn't like to
do the character so much anymore.
You know, she's getting up there in age.
She doesn't like to, you know, get all put up together for that anymore.
I don't think she, she loves doing it.
So she, if you, if you want her to do it, you got to pay her a lot of money.
By the way, as a new Elvira pinball table has been in my house.
Yeah.
Yes, they very much know that it exists.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a lovely, lovely piece of technology.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, I was going to ask any final, uh, stories tonight.
Last minute stories.
Loki.
Uh, I was going to say that this week, um, there there's been some teasing at 2k on
Twitter saying, uh, you know, they're celebrating the 15th anniversary of bio shock.
Could we be in for a bio shock announcement at gamescom?
Maybe, maybe, maybe.
Um, how about seven 2k games?
How about seven?
I'm not sure about that.
Well, it's about it.
No, it's about time for civilization seven.
I'd be down for that.
There was a, uh, there was kind of a highlight reel that was done by HBO, uh, for HBO now.
And they deleted it.
It's deleted.
It's a joke because of HBO max and everything going on.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, yeah, for HBO max, uh, showing off, uh, some of the uncharted series.
So, or not uncharted last of us getting all the Sony properties mixed up today.
Yeah.
The last of us TV series.
Watch it while you can.
Look to me, they'll, they'll, they'll banish it just like they did Sesame street.
Who gets rid of Sesame street?
Who does that?
People that think the Sesame street can't make them money is why.
People that only look at dollar signs and not, you know, Goodwill.
This episode was brought to you by the letters F and U and the word discovery.
Anyway, uh, any other last minute stories to share with us?
Well, that's pretty much it.
All right.
Well, uh, I think we will, sorry.
As the show, one hundred mat says clown show and pod culture says that's an insult to clowns.
Yes.
All right.
Uh, let's wrap it up.
Uh, that is going to be it.
Uh, let's get to our final thoughts.
Thank you as always for listening to orange on radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend about the show, uh, help us, uh, spread
the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices
to put out on the air.
So, uh, tell a friend or five, uh, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, uh,
goes an awful long way.
Spotify, wherever it is you listen to this show, uh, spread the word.
Sorry.
It's not video game news, but something did come up.
Okay.
Cole of the cats, Cole and marmalade has passed away.
Oh.
Anyway, I didn't mean to bring it all down.
Yeah, way to ruin the mood.
No, a lot of people follow Cole and marmalade and I just thought I would say something.
All right.
Uh, well, you're gonna, here's your chance to make it better.
Dark Sakura, leave us with a happier final thought tonight.
Um, uh, I'm gonna play some dead by daylight.
Have fun.
Enjoy the stabbing.
Later taters.
Bye.
Bye.
Loki will go to you with your final thought tonight.
I can't wait to stream my disappointment of the new saints road game.
Well, hopefully I'll be disappointed, but not a lot of people seem positive about it.
There's been some gameplay footage that's come out and people aren't happy.
And my final, my final thought tonight is, um, I, I am really excited for dragon con.
I want to play that game.
That's, uh, behind you tonight.
Loki.
It's on my list of things to pick up this week is that I may stream that too, but that
looks really fun.
You should get on the streaming bandwagon.
It's fun.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it.
Thank you so much for, uh, uh, tuning in for another episode of orange launch radio.
Oh, look, I got to get your final thought.
Oh no, I did.
You did.
I did.
I thought I skipped you.
Okay.
I'm really, I'm really burned out.
Uh, Bob Blackhoof wants to name one more time.
It's arcade paradise.
Paradise.
That's it.
Okay.
Arcade on steam right now.
And it looks awesome.
Uh, it's turning a laundry mat into an arcade, but like there's many games that you actually
play of the machines that you install.
So yeah, the way they describe it, it is, um, a nineties field retro retro arcade adventure
rather than washing rags for a living.
You decide to turn your family laundromat into the ultimate arcade.
There you go.
Nice.
All right.
That's going to do it, uh, for another episode of orange.
We will be back next week, uh, in seven days to do this all over again.
So I hope you'll join us at that point.
Have a good week, everybody.
Happy gaming.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of OLR
studios to join us for our live show.
Tune into vog network.com.
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM.
Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still
true.
Thank you.
