In the era of mass storage and everything, connectivity by default, gaming adapts to
make continued use of it like everything else.
Instead of getting an entire game upfront, published to physical media and then going
unchanged, now more games can push a solid foundation and continue developing it as time
goes on.
Tonight, we discuss an OG of PC gaming that continues this trend.
This is my leading commentary with no proper noun.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about
the game and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 928 of our
show for tonight, August 28th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me on this program, as they always do, say hello
first and foremost to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm feeling better.
I went back to work, but I've had to leave early both days because my cough was kind
of bad and my throat hurt, but I'm getting better, staying longer, working through it.
There you go.
Well, I'm glad you're improving, even if not maybe at 100% yet.
I'm glad it's getting better.
That's good.
Yeah.
And I've found some extra supplements that have been helping with the brain fog, so that's
really good.
Oh, that is good.
So, okay.
Yeah.
I'll pass on more later, or if anyone wants to know.
Excellent.
Let's also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Okay.
So, I have to ask of this game that's playing behind you tonight, because this is not a
Mega Man game I recognize.
And actually, quickly, let me, of course, say for those on the podcast feed, I'm talking
about the video that we're seeing live at twitch.tv, because we do tape live every Sunday
night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
VOG Network, or VOG Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And although it is Orange Lounge Radio and not Orange Lounge Video, once in a while,
I can't help but notice some things on video that I have to call out.
And one of these is this Mega Man game I don't recognize playing behind Loki tonight.
What's going on here?
So, this is a fan game, it's called Mega Man Ram, and it's by a guy called Jay Bit.
Okay.
Not to be confused with Mega Ran, the famous nerdy musician, rapper, individual, who I
think was on the show once a long time ago.
Like Nerdcore.
Yeah, like Nerdcore.
Yeah, I believe he was.
I think he was.
He was on the show a long time ago.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A while ago, yeah.
Yeah.
So, well, I hope he's doing well.
Shout out to Mega Ran, who I think, I think, I could be wrong, but like me, will be at
Dragon Con this coming weekend.
So, for those that I have met at Dragon Con who might be hearing this episode, and it's
their first taste of OLR, hello and welcome, and hope you enjoy the show this week.
Myself, Dark Sakura, and Loki, we all met playing a little video game called Dance Dance
Revolution.
Yes, that infamous music game.
We met playing that game a long time ago, over 20 years ago, if you can believe it,
at Roseville Golf Land, playing that game.
And we thought, you know what, we love this so much, and we love getting together with
our friends afterwards, and just sitting around talking about video games.
We're going to start a show online where we talk about video games.
And here we are, all these years later, and we invite all of you to sit at the table with
us after gaming, after a long night of gaming every week, as we do here on Sunday night,
and invite you all to participate along with the show.
So there's our little reintroduction of the show, as we tend to do.
Coming to our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network, thank you, Sean322 donated
some biddies because of the shout out to Mega Ran.
Well, unfortunately, Mega Ran doesn't get any of that money, so make sure you stream
the music, buy the album, make sure you support the talent that is Mega Ran.
And Dark Tetsuya says, speaking about the game playing behind Loki tonight, it didn't
look like Mega Man 9 or 10, so my first thought was some wild rom hack.
You know, I always underestimate, I don't, but it's one of those out of sight, out of
minds.
I always underestimate what the homebrew community can do.
Like, I don't, like the fact that a homebrew person made this doesn't surprise me at all,
but I just like, you know, it's kind of one of those out of sight, out of mind things.
You don't keep tabs on it.
It's like, whoa, whoa, somebody made like a complete Mega Man game from scratch?
Of course they did.
Of course they did.
It wasn't even a rom hack either.
So yeah, it's pretty cool.
So they made a Mega Man, they made a Mega Man PC game better than the Mega Man PC port.
I think, which of which I think there were two.
Did you, okay.
Did you ever play the original Mega Man PC that was like CGA graphics?
It was like three bosses.
I did.
I bought it at the store.
I think I must have bought it at the store, but no, it was not good.
It was like Volt Man was one of them.
There was, but yeah, it's like a long lost Mega Man game.
They had robot bosses that weren't in any of the other games.
So yeah, I think there are some that they actually did bring out to other games later
on.
Um, and also those bosses were featured in the comics too.
Yeah.
I know I've been really brushing up on my Mega Man since, you know, doing the Minecraft
stuff.
What's up with this?
You going on Mega Man Jeopardy?
Like what's, what's no, I'm, I've been in the Wiki a lot, a lot, a lot.
So like, you know, there's a lot of that stuff that I run into, but yeah, so there's, um,
yeah, there's some of the bosses that were in the PC one that actually ended up making
it to like the Archie comics or whatever, uh, which was pretty cool.
Um, and I think there was one guy though that was part of three that ended up getting remade
for another game later on, um, or in try and chat says those two dos games actually have
a pretty interesting history.
Yeah.
So you're not the only one that's spent many a night on Wikipedia or whatever, reading
about dos based Mega Man games that most people forgot about.
So love it.
All right.
Well, we didn't forget about, uh, lots of big announcements going on this week because
of Gamescom, which, um, did happen this week, uh, which is newsworthy in itself because
you know, E3, which is like the big thing that happens in the US every year hasn't really
happened for a little bit since COVID, um, came so, but Gamescom out in Germany and Europe,
it did happen this week and they did the, uh, what they split it up into like a business,
um, and, um, uh, public event, right?
They do like two days of business, three days public, something like that.
So they do like a combined thing and, uh, it all kicked off this week with some announcements
and the, I guess, should we call it much anticipated Jeff Keighley world premiere fest rollout
of Gamescom opening night world premiere.
I didn't get to watch it live because of the Europe timeframe.
It was like 11 AM for me and I have a lot going on at work right now.
So I can't like step away to watch something for God.
It was probably like two hours, so it was a long time.
So I got, it was a while.
Yeah.
There's no way I was a little behind to start it, but like I did skip around, um, a bit.
There's a few announcements like, eh, I don't care about that, but like there was a lot
of other things that were interesting, but they, I did, I did watch it.
Some might send my life to Jeff's credit and the whole production team, usually with his
friends, there's some things you're into and some things you're not.
And that's to be expected because he wants to reach a diverse player base.
Right?
So there's going to be a little bit of everything, right?
Yeah.
There's not, it's no, no big deal that like, you know, that stuff's in there.
I mean, there's, it was a lot of great games that were announced.
It wasn't anything like, Oh, that's super boring.
It's more of like, Hey, that looks cool, but I'm not gonna play that.
So let's talk about some of the things that were announced.
Let me start with this.
Cause I know you can run down the whole laundry list, but let me just kind of ask for you
and Jamie, if she has anything, but is there anything that like jumped out that you're
like, Oh, this is interesting to me or was it a surprise?
Surprise the Liza P was surprising as I, Oh, they're making that into a soul's like, okay,
cool.
It is.
It is weird that that's a soul's like, but artistically it does.
I think it looks cool.
I'm pissed off that Sonic frontiers in Japan gets a V tuber.
Really?
Yeah.
Um, not here.
They have a collaboration with like a pretty top of V tuber over there.
Huh?
Interesting.
I'll have to find the information.
I thought I was going to put it in show role and then I decided not to, but I'll, uh, I'll
see if I can find it.
The thing that I was most excited about that was, I should say surprising, um, ironically
enough is killer clowns from outer space.
He's so love that movie.
And so I'm super excited.
I have pretty decent coulrophobia.
So like even in dead by daylight, if I play clown, I, I put the chicken hat on him so
that he doesn't look like a clown.
I was just saying that that purple elephant thing is very, I don't have that cause it
costs dairy shards.
Oh, so I just put him in like a regular like red suit and the chicken hat.
Well, if, if this game comes out on PE, certainly you're not the only one in the world that
has an aversion to clowns.
And I, I, if this game ends up out on PC, I guarantee that's one of the first mods they're
going to make.
I don't know if it'll turn them into chickens, but something, something not really clowns.
Yeah.
They're aliens.
But anyway,
so I found, I found, uh, the thing, by the way, real quick about, uh, uh, Sonic frontier
in Japan, uh, the amazon.co.jp pre-order comes with a korone inugami, uh, collaboration,
which is basically, uh, the character in a vtuber outfit.
Um, and the DLC changes the sound effects to, uh, inugami's voice, uh, for geo that
is geo online or game dealer, um, an acrylic panel that has Sonic, uh, x korone inugami
collection illustration, uh, done by artist, uh, hookahire, um, for, uh, joshindenki.
It's uh, uh, korone inugami collaboration DLC, uh, gloves and shoes that Sonic gets
to wear.
And then there's, uh, for Rakuten, there is, uh, koroneski, which is, uh, it changes the
appearance of the Coco character to, uh, koroneski, which is like this kind of laughing head.
I'll put, I'll put the link in here for our, uh, our chat so they can, they can see, uh,
what those look like.
My curiosity has certainly peaked with, um, Sonic Frontiers.
Like I, I know there's a lot of people kind of dogging on the footage that we've seen
so far, but I'm, I'm, I'm open to it.
I, I'm, I, I, I've learned a long time ago to very much not read one way or two or another
too much into these types of previews for good, for better and for worse.
Um, so I, I just want to see, you know, nothing says it like just raw gameplay footage on
YouTube or Twitch.
And that's, you know, what ultimately is going to really, um, make my decision.
So I'm curious about it.
Well that said though, I have seen raw gameplay footage on YouTube and it looked very uninspiring
and boring, but like the whole thing too, like the art styles is very drab as well.
It's like, it screams default Unreal Engine game.
I mean, there's like no distinct art style to it.
Whereas like some of the other 3D Sonic games, even more recent ones are like very stylized
and stuff.
And I liked that.
I think they should be more stylized because right now it just looks so generic and bland.
It doesn't even look like a Sonic game.
So I mean, maybe it'll, maybe it'll pan out and be better, but like, it's just, it's not
leading off with a great, you know, great start.
And funny enough, like as of recently, a lot of these gut feelings that you get end up
holding true in the end.
So we'll see.
Um, before I mentioned the game that caught my attention, I wanted to go back quickly
to the last game we were talking about.
And sorry, Jamie, I know you're not a fan of the subject matter, but I want to focus
on the developers of that game because they made the Friday the 13th game.
And I always thought that game got a raw deal because that game could really be competing
in a sense with Dead by Daylight a little more if it hadn't just gotten destroyed by
trademark and licensing issues of the Friday the 13th franchise.
And ironically, I do think this whole story ends someday with a Friday the 13th chapter
for Dead by Daylight.
Absolutely.
But, but I digress.
The game that came out before that was interesting and was gosh, only about like four or five,
six months before the original Dead by Daylight.
So it did kind of beat DBD to the whole 4v1 thing, although it played very differently.
It was very different.
So I can't, you know, you can't draw a direct line between those two games, but you certainly
can see what they have in common.
So I'm just very curious, okay, if we're going with sci-fi camp now, so obviously, obviously
we can't do horror now because Dead by Daylight's got the lock and you know, all that, but now
to go sci-fi camp with this is, is interesting.
So I'm curious to see what the developers do from that standpoint, because Friday the
13th had a lot of good ideas in it.
So I'm, I'm curious to see if, if it's even the same type of game, it may not be, it may
just end up being a completely different thing, but it is an ace, was it, was it, I think
it's 4v1 on that, this one as well.
So it's, it'd be interesting, it's going to be interesting.
So we'll see.
Anyway, the game that also caught my attention, because literally I felt like this game came
out of nowhere, was Dead Island 2, because to put this into context, the last E3 I went
to, which I want to say was like 2014, I think was the last E3 I went to, I remember going
to behind closed doors to see where this game was at at the time.
So that was eight years ago that I saw that game.
And now like it, I honestly forgot about it.
I think most of us did outside of that Goat Simulator 3, you know, that, that whole thing,
which I maybe was intentional to kind of bring it back to the forefront of mind.
I don't know.
Outside of that, like I had not thought about Dead Island 2 for a long time.
And then all of a sudden, ta-da, it's here and it's dated and done.
And there's a part of me that goes, well, that's neat.
And there's also a part of me that goes, that, that could be really bad because I feel like
that's what happened with Duke Nukem Forever, is that Duke Nukem Forever was gone for a
long time.
And then all of a sudden it was like, it's happening, enjoy.
And nobody enjoyed.
It looks polished.
I mean, well, but here's, here's the other thing.
The original Dead Island game, and Bobby and I were just reminiscing about this on his
side, his show, the original Dead Island game.
I wasn't really a fan of that either.
Like I reviewed it for VOG Network and I do not remember giving it a good grade.
Um, no, no, no bikini torso pre-order bonus this time.
But I know it's comfort food for some people, that series.
Like it's, it's, I don't want to say it's trash because that gives a negative context.
But what if I said like, it's Sharknado of games?
Like there's a certain camp.
Yeah, but like, yeah.
But they're kind of like, see the thing with Dead Island though is even kind of annoying
is that it's basically taking the Dead Rising format and just kind of doing that, but first
person.
So I don't know.
It looks all right.
I like the idea of like seven different killers or whatever in there that you can play as,
but eh, whatever.
It's fine.
Uh, dark to see in chat says it does look like a stupid, fun, good time.
And I mean, shouldn't most video games be a little bit stupid?
No, I said most, not all.
There's certainly some, some artistic, you know, pushing forward the medium things and
there's a time and a place for that, but it's, it's okay for a video game to be stupid.
Like, you know, that's, that's okay too.
Just like movies, just like movies, right?
Sometimes you want to sit down and watch an Oscar winner.
Sometimes you want to watch something stupid and that's okay.
Like video games should, should follow that exact same thing for sure.
Pod Culture said, you say Sharknado like it's a bad thing.
I wasn't saying it like it's a bad thing, but it, it, it fills a certain need in the
film industry that I would say Dead Island fills in the video game industry.
Well, I have to say there's exactly three games that grabbed my interest.
Okay.
What's that?
All right.
Well, number one, and I've talked about it before, Vikings on trampolines.
It's a concept.
Um, another one, just given my own kind of history interest is pentiment.
I'm really looking forward to that.
And uh, probably my very, very, very biggest, biggest, biggest thing that I super, super,
super, super, super want to play is uh, Lies of P.
That one, even though, even though that's a Souls-like.
Even though.
You know, you know what, Dark Soccer, this has been-
Just because it's like Souls doesn't mean it has to exactly be as hard as it.
You know what?
And you know what?
This, this is, this is the year to challenge our preconceived perceptions of games because
Dark Soccer, I remember when you wouldn't play first person games and then you were
a killer at Dead by Daylight for-
You know why I was a killer in Dead by Daylight?
I do.
I do.
But-
Because I thought the survivors had to do all kinds of crazy shit and it's true.
They have to do all kinds of crazy shit, but I thought that killer would be easier.
I also started as killer because I was like playing survivors too scary.
But when you're killer, I'm the one in control of the scare and it was, but then
I came around.
But anyway, that's not my point.
My point is we're all challenging our preconceived notions of games.
So why not?
Let's do a Souls-like.
It does look like, I got to say, like the artistic-ness of it, taking a Pinocchio-esque
type of thing and making it this is neat.
Like, you know, I'm more interested in this than the Tom Hanks live-action Pinocchio,
that's for sure.
Well, I mean, Callisto Protocol also is up on my list, you know, because I'm really interested
in seeing the mutation mechanic and what's going on.
I mean, Street Fighter 6 hopefully is better than Street Fighter 5, but, and I've already
been interested in Forspoken, even though I won't have any way to play it, but I'm really
also very interested though.
And I mentioned it was a pentiment because I follow a particular Twitter that's all about
badly drawn medieval animals, like how animals are drawn in medieval manuscripts and this
whole game looks like a medieval manuscript and I'm here for it.
Hey, sometimes it's just that little thing that jumps out at you and you're like, oh,
I got to, I got to see that.
I got to do that.
It's so, it's so just perfect.
Like I'm totally down for it, you know, with monks drawing and, and, you know, people doing
penance and it's just like, it's totally up my alley.
That and hearing about Kojima's podcast, I'm interested in that too.
associate100matt in chat says, Tom Hanks, all the things, here's, here's the thing.
It's not Tom Hanks that I have a problem with.
It's these live action Disney movies I have a problem with because none of them have been
good.
None of them have exceeded the original animation.
None of them.
I'm very concerned about the little mermaid and this has nothing to do with the casting
of Ariel.
I'm fine with that, but it does have everything to do with the casting of Ursula because it
should have been a drag queen, but I digress.
Fine.
Melissa McCarthy is close to a drag queen, but it's not going to be good.
It's not going to be good.
None of them have been good.
Aladdin was terrible.
Beauty and the Beast.
I almost walked out of that after the first 15 minutes.
It was so bad.
Lion King.
Not good.
Those Disney, none of those Disney live action remakes are good.
None of them.
So I don't know why this one's going to be any different.
Well, I mean, they did give you a drag, a fairy in the, uh, was it live action Pinocchio?
Oh, Oh, that's right.
That's right.
Who is playing it?
I don't know.
I forget, but it doesn't matter.
Wrong person asked about that.
It doesn't, you know, it doesn't matter.
It's still not going to be good.
It is.
It's so yeah.
Yeah.
It, that almost, no offense, but like, it seems almost pandering at that point.
It's like, well, let's just give them a reason to watch this because otherwise it's going
to be crap.
You know, like, I don't know.
It's um, bonds, double 06 says even Cruella.
Okay.
Technicality.
That wasn't a remake.
That was, that also wasn't just a certain like, and Glenn Close in 101 Dalmatians and
that movie, I don't throw in with this recent trend that was in the nineties.
Okay.
I'm talking about the more recent trend.
We'll, we'll forgive Glenn Close because she's Glenn Close and you know, Cruella was more
of an original story, but um, yeah, these other more modern remakes anyway, I digress.
We're talking about video games, but I get me started on Disney and I will go off on
Disney.
Okay.
Anyway, uh, Loki, um, I know dark soccer named a lot of stuff there.
I named, what else did we miss that we should talk about from the Gamescom opening ceremony?
I mean, there's a lot of cool stuff.
They have a new, they have a game coming out for Dune, Dune Awakening that looks pretty
awesome.
MMO, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
And that could be interesting.
Yeah.
I'm just going to, if I made a character in that, she'd just sit around high on spice.
Her eyes glowing blue, staring vacantly out into the dirt.
Now I'm going to have to make a lady character in that game too, so that dark soccer and
I can have a Guild called the spice girls like, and I'm sure we're not the only ones
thinking this, but I'm hoping we're the first to say it on a podcast.
And so I'm going to say patent pending trademark, um, copyright names in the game have to be
like off-brand spice girl names, like, like you can be like pumpkin spice and, and I
can be, uh, we need a dude to be old spice.
I mean, okay.
Loki can be old spice.
Look, you'll be old spice and I'll be, I'll be pumpkin spice.
I'll be a spiced latte.
I was just, I was going to say sugar cake.
I'll be spice cake.
Okay.
How about spiced rum?
Yeah.
There you go.
I'll be spiced rum.
Sometimes your friends know you better than you know yourself.
Or I could be spicy snack.
There you go.
All right.
Who's in, who's in for our spice girls Guild.
Who's in a show of hands and chat.
Who's in, wow.
Nobody's talking.
What's good.
Is there, are we broadcasting?
Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
So pod culture has to be, um, 11 herbs and spices.
That's right.
There will be a character named herb and come up with, and then there will be 11 herbs in
the Guild and then spices.
Perfect.
It'd be in apostrophe spice.
All right.
Anyway, so yes, Dune is getting an MMO and now we're, we're going to make it ridiculous,
which again, video games can be stupid.
Lululemon is not fucking designer and you misspelled Chanel.
I'm just saying.
Levi's is also not designer.
I'm just saying.
You only, you only have a couple on there that are actually, and honestly, for, uh,
for Cruella, I got a little bit more from Sharperelli and maybe a hint of Valentino.
So just saying.
Okay.
This is a gaming podcast once in a while.
All right.
What else?
Hey, Hey, Sailor Moon's outfits in the anime were all based off of lots of fashion design
at the time in the nineties.
Let's talk about Sailor Moon for a minute.
And I had it.
No, I will leave.
I will leave all the talk about Sabin Sailor Moon to the experts at anime jam session.
So Dan and I actually talked about that this morning, just a little tangent.
I woke up this morning and I hear the Jason, the wield warriors theme song, and Dan was
on a kick of listening to eighties cartoon theme songs.
And we listened to pole position and, uh, the mysterious cities of gold.
And we're like, you know what, we can't enjoy this show anymore now that we're adults and
no history.
Um, but it was just like, and somehow we got on the topic of Sabin doing, uh, uh, um, the
Sailor Moon and we like, we're like, wasn't it Deke that did it?
Wasn't Sabin involved with Deke?
Was blah, blah, blah.
And went back and forth.
And that was like our whole discussion this morning whilst listening to the kid video
theme song.
Oh, you want a tangent?
You want a tangent honey?
One more.
I got a tangent for you.
Okay.
One more.
And then you can take the tangent.
All right.
So, um, in talking, uh, crap.
Now I forgot what I was going to say Bionic six was nineties.
Wasn't it?
Um, crap, crap, crap, crap, crap.
I was going to say something about it now and I just, thanks, Rob.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Do I, do I, do I get to do my piece now?
Fine.
And if I remember it halfway through what you're saying, I'll repeat it.
Okay.
So all aboard the tangent train, Rob Roberts conducting choo choo.
Here we go.
Okay.
So you were talking about eighties cartoons earlier this week, I got into a Twitter fight
with the County of Sacramento.
Yes, that is exactly what happened.
I got into a Twitter fight with the County of Sacramento, where we live.
And let me tell you a little bit about this fight.
Okay.
Here's what happened during this fight.
So I had a heart attack because they pushed an alert to everybody in Sacramento County
with this horrible noise, like the emergency alert noise, which I call the brown note.
I call the brown note because it makes you poop because it makes you sound like a tornado
is going off somewhere.
Okay.
Hold, I promised a tangent train.
I'm giving you a tangent train.
So I tweet and I say this fricking, I said the heart attack I just had with both my phones
making that hideous noise in unison, thanks a lot for the heads up.
And then I realized right after I wrote that, oh, I guess on their Twitter account, they
did give a heads up.
And then look at me being dragged and exposed by the County, that literally the County tweets
at me, give us a follow and avoid inconvenience in the future with the upside down smile emoji.
And so I, as, as one does, I replied with, I just write, I replied, drag me because I
drag me, expose me, make me write bad checks because that's drag.
I would have put drag me mommy, but I didn't want to assume the County's gender.
So I just put drag me.
Okay.
Cause that's, that's what I deserved.
All right.
So they replied-
I heard the light.
I heard it as eat me, beat me, make me write bad checks.
They replied with a GIF of Lilo and Stitch and Stitch getting dragged.
Travis Donovan from understation live jumps in and says, come on, Rob, I live 1,700 miles
away.
And even I knew it was coming with a GIF of GI Joe saying, knowing is half the battle
to which here we go tangent train about to reach his destination.
I replied saying, I never learned that lesson.
I was too busy watching Jem and the Holograms.
I want to point out who likes this tweet.
And I remember what I was going to say.
Who likes this tweet?
The County of Sacramento.
Okay.
So now I remember what I was going to say.
While we were listening, Dan had played the kid video thing, except it was like all instrumental.
So we were doing all of the lines back and forth from the other room.
We still remembered how the whole introduction to that show went.
That's not as funny as what you said, but it was a return.
No, it's fine.
Once you start a story, you have to finish it.
It's the rules of a party.
It is the rules.
Going to the chat, Tigerclaw in chat says, I guess that means they are Jem fans.
Well, Tigerclaw, anyone with taste would be.
She was just simply, she was just truly outrageous.
Truly, truly, truly outrageous.
And then Darktitsia says, I'm sorry.
That was totally worth retelling, right?
I want to give a big shout out again to everybody listening to OLR for the very first time.
Thanks to Dragon Con and the video game track panels I may have been moderating at the show.
Welcome to your video game three hour podcast.
And you might, you might've asked yourself before hitting subscribe, how, how do they
talk about video games for three hours on a podcast?
Gotcha bitch.
Okay.
Where were we?
Oh, yes.
Do you want to know how tangenty my brain works just for the record?
When y'all were talking about Tom Hanks, I had it in my head that he was in a movie about
a guy who is made socially invisible.
And it turned out it wasn't Tom Hanks in it at all, but I remember it being Tom Hanks.
It was some different guy.
And it was an episode of the Twilight Zone.
Like from God, the eighties or nineties, and it was called, uh, uh, to see the invisible
man.
I can't breathe.
Yeah.
I just went and looked all of that up while you were talking about Tom Hanks movies, because
that's where my brain went.
And if anybody has seen that episode of Twilight Zone, talk to me, I'm done.
What else is doing this?
The game's called Loki.
Um, well, Hammer, Return of the Monkey Island.
They had some more footage of that, including, uh, Dan.
I love Stan.
Stan's great.
They should make a whole game with Stan in it, but like, you know, I'll take this.
Um,
Hey, Loki.
What about recreation?
Recreation?
Yeah.
It's, uh, an open world racing game that lets you do like burnout shit.
Oh yeah.
That looks good.
W.R.E.T.
C.K.
Reation.
Oh, um, I don't remember that one, but yeah, that sounds cool.
I think we talked about that though.
Like a game called dredge.
And I wondered if, you know, the main character hidden lockers.
It might also be something that like, she's citing from like the floor at gamescom that
people are playing.
And that wasn't an opening night live.
Yeah.
I think it wasn't recreation.
The one that was like the old, uh, burnout devs and stuff like that.
I think it is them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause I would have remembered that.
Um, but what else, uh, goat simulator three had a gameplay trailer.
Looks awesome.
Can't wait.
Um, they had, I think, uh, the outlast trials, uh, which is going to have a closed beta in
October.
Um, what is it?
A new trailer for Gotham nights, which would be out a little bit in October 21st.
Um, dying light two has some DLC coming that they showed off that kind of looked like thunder
dome.
So that's kind of neat.
Um, what else?
Um, I'm trying to think there was friends versus friends.
Oh, everywhere that looked interesting.
Like some sort of space survival game, um, more, uh, the Callisto protocol, I love all
the violence there and they, they always end it with the player getting killed in some
brutal way.
I love those that in the trailers, um, they have a telltale series for the expanse.
Oh yeah.
I have some friends that don't talk about gaming a lot, but like, well actually it's
my Ingers friends.
So they took, they do talk about that game, but they don't talk about like console games
a lot or PC games.
But there was a few of them that saw that expanse tell, and they were like, Oh, I'm
all about this.
Cause they, they love the show.
Yeah.
Uh, and then speaking of old telltale games, there is the new tales of the borderlands,
uh, or new tales from the borderlands, which cool.
Like it's neat.
I mean, I don't know.
I never played the original and kind of over board lands of it, but cool though.
Cause I,
but it was one of the better telltale games, believe it or not.
It was pretty good.
Yeah.
Uh, so that, that was neat, I guess.
And then what else, uh, I don't know.
There's a lot of other trailers.
So like, I know, like, um, they mentioned that Atlas fallen, which looks interesting.
It also kind of souls, like looking, uh, friends versus friends, which I'm not really sure
what that's supposed to be like, but just like a FPS cartoony looking game, uh, Lords
of fallen.
They have, uh, they're rebooting the hat, which I don't remember what that game was
like.
I don't think it's that old either that get the original came out in 2014.
So about the time they announced that I went to originally, yeah, pretty much a new pirate
game.
Tortuga, the pirate's tail or a pirate's tail.
I'm sorry.
I just realized that boss name in the mega man game playing behind you is creamery man.
I'm like, they're, they're really having to stretch for some new days.
Aren't they?
There's a lot of like interesting bosses.
I guess they probably tried to do creamy man and realize that probably is not the name
they should pick.
So they had to, it's all ice cream flavor or no, I guess it's very much like an ice
cream parlor type of thing, robot thing, but it's just, it's interesting how they decided
creamery man because creamy man might've, might've read wrong ice cream man, but yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Gamescom.
And then of course the Pokemon car, you know, Pokemon car.
Because why not?
Why not?
We just talked about a car you're never going to own last week on the show.
Why not throw another one in?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Enough about gamescom.
I'm sure we will touch on more of these highlights as we move on throughout the show.
I will mention some comments from chat, uh, fifth dream talking about the Pokemon car
says I want that car.
Someone buy it for me.
Uh, SG100Matt says high on life.
The FPS from the minds of Rick and Morty creators talking weapons showed some gameplay.
This'll either be the most obnoxious game or quickly forgotten.
I'm strangely intrigued by it though.
So all right.
Pixel Pacas in chat says they call ice cream creameries in Vermont.
I mean, I've heard that used before.
Cold stone creamery.
Yeah.
Cold stone creamery is the thing.
Yeah.
And, and, uh, as a, who was it?
Evan back in the day would say leather boys.
Well, that's, that's very niche to NorCal too.
It's yeah.
Yeah.
Cause I say the first time I went back East, somebody was like, do you want to go to friendlies?
I was like, what's that?
That and they're like, it's, it's ice cream.
I'm like, what?
I've never heard it.
Cause I guess, you know, it's a huge thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They have one in the Bay area.
I thought that was the Bay area one.
No, no, no.
There was a different place.
No friendlies is like only like back East.
I'd never seen them here.
Yeah.
So anyway.
All right.
Jamie, Jamie, have you heard of a game called dinkum?
I don't know if it's on Mac yet.
I know it's on PC, but it's basically like animal crossing.
If we were to strip out the,
Yeah, I have heard of that, but it's not, it's like you're out living in the Outback
or something.
Kind of.
Yes.
Yes.
It is Australian.
All right.
Well, I want to get to our gaming weeks because I know dark soccer has been playing another
game that some have called the animal crossing inspired, but it's nothing animal crossing.
All right.
Yeah.
That was kind of what I got out of it too, but dark soccer wants to tell us about your
gaming week.
So I will start with the usuals.
I been playing final fantasy for, I just lost the twins last night, sad face.
Of course, dead by daylight, working through, trying to get my blood points saved up.
In fact, I need to actually just start holding onto them for the 30th for when I dish out
money for cosmetics and DLC for resident evil project W where we get Wesker as the bad guy,
which did I not say Wesker was going to be the killer on the last resident evil patch.
Remember I said that.
Well, yeah, I mean, there's only so many choices.
Yeah.
I knew it was either going to be him tyrant or, um, or nemesis.
And people were saying, Oh no, it's going to be, uh, Alexia code Veronica, blah, blah,
blah.
I'm like, no.
Um, but I knew it was going to be Wesker and Wesker did come out.
And so I was right.
And I called that shit and now we're getting Ada, Shiva, um, Carlos and Rebecca.
So I'm really, I'm really just jazzed about that.
Um, but I also played cult of the lamb.
I was going to stream for three hours that night.
I streamed for five, five hours.
I stopped at two 30 in the fucking morning.
It's addictive.
You don't say I'm not super great at the combat just because, you know, my, my wrist hurt.
I am playing on the controller.
It's actually really easy on a controller, but, um, it's so fun because like your fucking
people are demanding.
And um, I didn't have too many people, uh, watching while I was playing it just, you
know, in and out, but, uh, Finaro was my, uh, first cultist and her cultist ended up
like hating me and leaving.
Oh, so, uh, I will be playing this tomorrow night after, after work at eight Pacific time.
And I would love it if listeners would come in and be cultists.
You're literally asking the listeners to join your cult.
I'm asking the listeners to join my cult.
My cult is called the fantasy zone because of course it is, um, but I, um, I've got to
do a lot more just like farming for myself in the game so that I can get enough hearts
and whatnot to go fight the boss of the second stage.
So I'm getting into it.
I'm trying to get my people happy.
We already have the sacrifice, your cultists, um, we have the feast, we have a funeral.
My favorite is sacrificing somebody.
Okay.
So you come out and everyone's like, put those on their hoods and everything.
When you're in, you give your sermon, you do all that.
And then you do a ritual, which if you do sacrifice, they all, uh, throw on these hoods
and you don't know who it is.
And then when you pick the person, they throw off their hood with a big old grin on their
face and everyone's like, yay, stab.
And they're like, yay.
It might be like that South Park episode, Oh God, Woodling Critter, Christmas type thing.
I absolutely love it.
And um, and I actually managed to get into my Dead by Daylight account on Steam and all
of my, uh, progress that I made on, um, on Stadia, like my achievements there, none of
them came over, except for like the, the P 50 one did before.
Um, and my level ones, but I, I fully thought that all of my achievements from Stadia would
carry over.
Cosmetics did, oddly enough, my, my, while my eerie shards and my blood points carried
over my RX cells did not.
So I will be staying on Stadia for the foreseeable future, but the way that I accessed it was
through, um, the Nvidia thing.
I have to say it does not look good through Nvidia.
It does not it's, it's fuzzy and a little pixely whereas, I mean, and again, it could
be a thing because I'm on Stadia pro, but my, my graphics on Stadia pro are like ultra
and it's beautiful.
So interesting.
Yeah.
So there's, there's that.
Um, so, okay.
All right.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, I will toss it over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Well, I played things other than Minecraft.
You did it.
Oh yeah.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
I've been waiting all week to ask you about a particular game that came out this week
because I've seen the tweets.
So I, I, I played, uh, when I played Minecraft, I played, um, some fashion police squad, um,
in the process of debugging stuff from the other game, which I played, which was saints
row.
So it hasn't been good.
Um, the saints row, like if you've seen any of the reviews, it's an incredibly buggy and
under polished game.
It's just, it's really bad.
Like to a point where it's not, not like funny, bad.
It's like bad, broken, bad.
And so that aside, because I haven't, didn't really hit any tech, my heart, one technical
hurdle I hit was that trying to play the game with my wireless controller.
Um, the controls aren't mapped correctly.
So not that like it wasn't mapped correctly.
Like I had the re configure my controller that the button prompts were incorrect.
So it read, you know, like I was pushing the a button and read that as the B button B was
X, X was a, um, the directional, the analog stick was the wrong analog stick and it was
inversed.
Um, the right trigger was start.
So it was all fucked up, basically, um, plugging it in, solve that problem and fixed it now,
which I don't understand.
If I go into steam with a wireless controller, it plays just fine.
It doesn't give a crap if it's plugged in or wireless because it's a competent piece
of software, saints rose, fucking bullshit, but the technical stuff aside, let's talk
about the writing.
They have somehow by like some sheer ineptitude, have found a way to make you actually hate
your main character.
Like you see your main character acting out stuff in the thing.
It's like, Holy shit, I hate this person and this is the person that I'm playing it.
I don't want to play as this person because this person is a fucking idiot.
And so that, that is the start of the, the game itself.
Not to mention that the gameplay is kind of meh as it is.
I actually, this game made me like Saints Row 4 better and Saints Row 4 wasn't great.
I mean, like, it's just, it's so awful.
Like the characters are so goddamn awful.
I don't like any of them.
I hate all of them.
It hasn't gotten any better since they initially showed them they are awful characters.
They are not the saints.
I don't give a shit if this is a reboot and they're forming the saints.
They're fucking idiots.
You reject, you reject this game.
They're seriously idiots.
Let's talk about the original Saints Row.
It's the original Saints Row they were gang bangers.
Like each person in the gang, like was,
they have their own personalities, but they were ruthless people.
They were just like, you know what?
I don't take shit from anybody.
And that's what it was.
That's what the game's supposed to make you feel like.
Like, I don't take shit from anybody.
I'm going to go fuck these other gangs up.
That's how you're supposed to feel playing Saints Row.
This shit is fucking awful.
It's just like, oh, oh, we don't have enough money to make our rent.
Oh, well, let's go knock off a payday loans place.
Okay, cool.
Now we could go buy, I want to buy a $300 waffle maker.
Cause I really like waffles.
Waffles are pretty good, Loki.
What the fuck is this shit?
Like it's so stupid.
So I was going to ask you,
and you're already kind of answering this,
cause I was going to ask you, where did this game go wrong?
What was the misstep they made along the way?
And it really sounds like you're kind of saying is that this whole idea to make like the,
the, the tone of the game different is just like, it's just, it's, it's wrong from the start.
It's what it is.
What it is is that they're just trying to inject like modern day, like kind of scenarios, I guess,
into it sort of like where it's like, okay, hey, capitalism is bad and we're in a recession.
Oh, I was gonna say, I was gonna say modern day DLC techniques is what they're injecting into it.
Oh, oh, oh no, hold on.
Hold on.
Yeah.
Yes.
There is some bullshit.
Okay.
So there's, there's some jokes that they try to pull off in this game.
Jokes that are just like, take a look in the mirror.
You fucking idiot.
It's like, seriously, they have a joke about like DLC that, Oh, Hey, Oh yeah.
That piece of armor is going to cost two 99.
They're like, ha ha ha funny.
Cause DLC is like a thing.
Have you looked at your previous games?
They were so fucking ridden with DLC.
It was ridiculous.
Like all of the Cosmex were nickel and dive.
Go on steam right now and go buy their fucking game and see how much fucking DLC there was
for it.
It is so goddamn stupid that they would even try to, why even try to poke fun at that?
And then on top of all that, then they make the fucking joke of like the Todd Howard,
it just works bullshit.
Yeah.
Like you should fucking talk with your bug free fucking game.
Like God forbid, but that's at least has a fucking entertaining game after all of those
fucking bugs.
But you, all you have is fucking shitty ass saints were reboot is what you got.
And what's that going to fucking give you?
No one gets a shit about your game and all your fucking like, Oh, we've heard the feedback
in summer.
You are having problems.
Bullshit.
No.
Some of us are having problems.
Everybody's fucking having problems with your broken ass piece of shit game that we've told
you from the outset is going to be shit because of the, your fucking characters that nobody
liked.
And did you fucking listen?
Cause you didn't fucking listen.
Now you have fucking ugly Sonic running up in this shit.
And then you're wondering why no one wants to fucking watch your goddamn movie.
That's wise.
Cause you didn't fucking listen to those stupid fans.
Who were the people who are going to buy your goddamn game in the first place?
Who are you going to fucking sell this to?
People have never heard of fucking saints row.
You're you're targeting it towards people that are going to buy the franchise.
Like you got to make it appeal to the people that play the old game.
And I get it that it's too fucking sensitive.
Now they have fucking strippers and big dicks fucking running around.
You know what?
It's a fucking game.
And you know, sometimes it's fine to be a little bit offensive about that shit.
Like get over your fucking self with your stupid ass game.
That's it.
I got to try to play a little bit longer and to least give it a chance, but it's awful.
It's really awful.
I don't want to play it anymore.
That fashion police spot said, seriously, that game is a fucking fantastic.
I can't wait to play after the show.
I am not going to play that game.
Like seriously is just, it is so disappointing.
Like I am so fucking disappointed with this shit.
Like so long we wanted a new saints row game.
And this is the fucking shit that they pull out and the fucking nerve of them just to
think that like, let's be honest, their writing has not been good.
Okay.
They killed off Gat in the third game.
They thought that was fucking genius writing of them and then everybody was fucking pissed
off at them.
They were fucking pissed off.
So they, Oh, he didn't die.
He got abducted by aliens.
That was the plan all along bull fucking shit.
It was the plan you fucked up and you had the retcon that shit.
So you know what you fucking need retcon all of this shit.
This game does not fucking exist.
Okay.
That's how it is.
You could have made a whole reboot with the original characters and it would have been
fucking in Canon because that was one of the endings in got out of hell.
You could have made a new game.
You don't ask Jamie Lee Curtis.
You don't have to explain if you just want to go back and do a new sequel.
If you're Jamie Lee Curtis, you don't owe anybody a fucking thing.
You don't owe anyone an explanation.
And you know what?
You will be number one at the box office.
So you can, yeah, you could just pull a fucking final fantasy seven reboot thing.
Like you have the same characters, but different shit can go down.
That's all you have to fucking do.
Like it's not a hard thing to do volition, but you know, because of this, we're never
going to get a fucking Saints Row game again.
That's why you're mad.
This is so bad.
It's a franchise killer because, because they fuck this shit up.
They fuck this shit up so much.
So often, like they tried the spinoff was an agents of mayhem or whatever that bullshit
was.
And then nobody wanted to play it because it wasn't a Saints Row game.
So then they are all, Oh, Hey, here's some, we're going to put Johnny Gad in it now.
Just like this one.
They're like, Oh, it doesn't tie in with the original saints at all, but Oh, but you can
buy a Johnny Gad shirt.
Fuck them.
I'm so sick of their shit.
That's it.
We're done.
But other than that, Loki, how was the play anyway?
Yeah, but fashion police squad is awesome.
It's a great, like quick, like, or not quickly, I guess it's sort of like quake.
It's pretty fast paced and stuff and it's, it's silly and it's got like a, it's got a
lot of humor in it and I really think it's worth the play, but yeah, I say it's row.
If you really are interested in it, just wait for a deep discount and wait for a long time
because it's going to take them a ton of time to patch this stuff.
It'll be free on the Epic game store in a year.
It's, it's so unacceptable in the, in the state that it is right now.
It is just absolutely awful.
Like even people have reviewed it on console and stuff.
They said it's crashed a console like numerous times just trying to play this game.
Like it shouldn't be this bad.
Like technically is just all messed up and they clearly rushed it out.
Uh, bonds, double a six and chat says Loki woke up and chose scorched earth.
Yep.
You know, sometimes, sometimes you're really disappointed in a video game.
All right.
Uh, let's see my gaming week.
I don't know how the fuck I'm supposed to follow that.
Uh, I played more Final Fantasy 14, which got a new patch this week, uh, which, uh,
extended the story.
They've got a really cool new character in it and I'm really interested to see where
they go with it.
I really liked the new dungeon.
I really, really liked the Final Fantasy four references because I'll just say it at this
point.
If you're a Final Fantasy 14 fan, you've already played it at this point.
Um, it is now obvious we are fighting the four fiends, uh, in this con because we have
now fought in this, uh, patch.
You fight two of them, uh, you fight Scarmiglione and you fight, uh, Barbariccia.
So, uh, Barbariccia is the trial and it's, it's a good trial.
So, uh, and the Scarmiglione is the dungeon boss and, uh, it's all done very well.
So I can't wait for us to do, uh, Cogzano and, um, Rubicant, uh, Rubicant I'm sure will
be the last one that they do because, you know, that's a, that's a huge, uh, uh, boss
fight.
I love that they're kind of like tying it.
It's not directly Final Fantasy four, but it's like, I feel like it's like an alternate
universe type of thing.
Uh, and the story is great.
And this patch gave us the Island Sanctuary expansion.
So now they're, and they're calling it animal crossing mode.
Mm, I wouldn't go to, I think they want to label anything that's like a farm sim animal
crossing.
I wouldn't call it that, but it is a nice relaxing little like gather and have critters
and veg and plants.
And since it's, and they built it kind of smart so that you can't just hammer it all
out in a night.
People tried.
I mean, I guess you can, if you're really, really dedicated, but I think the developers
are trying to make it very clear.
There's no need to be.
Um, so, uh, yeah, I, I like what they've done with the Island Sanctuary.
I think it's a pretty cool little feature, um, other games I've played this week.
I played, um, Diablo three this weekend, a lot, a lot, um, what's that you and Alan
playing together?
Yep.
Alan, I've been playing, I, I helped power level him.
So uh, yeah, we've been playing, uh, I, uh, I'm up to about Paragon 150 now.
So and that's the season started on Friday.
So I've been playing a lot.
I tried to play Pokemon go yesterday because, uh, yesterday was the big finale of Pokemon
go Fest and I was all jazzed to do it.
I went downtown and I started what, but it was too hot.
It was too hot.
And it's not the degree, like it was a hundred degree day.
We've had worse, but it's just the sun bearing down on you while you're trying to walk around
and find groups to raid with and stuff was just too much.
I didn't realize you could get these new, uh, wild beasts, what the hell are they called?
The wormhole, ultra beasts, whatever they are.
Sorry.
I forget all the names.
I did not realize you could get them through quests.
Thank you.
Ultra beasts.
I thought you had to raid for them.
And I was getting really irritated when I was joining raids and like, no one else is
in the area doing it.
I'm like, Oh my God, I'm going to be stuck out here.
But then I found out, Oh, you get them.
Thanks to S.J.
100 Matt sending me a tweet.
He's like, Oh no, you'll get them through the quests.
Don't stress about it.
I was like, Oh, Oh, okay.
Well I guess I could have done this whole thing in my car or I could have gone to the
mall that's indoors.
But at that point I was like, eh, I want to just play Diablo.
So I got three shinies, three, but I got the unknown I needed that I didn't have yet.
I think X and P were the new letters for me.
And I got those and I was happy with that to be honest.
So that's fine.
I had a, I had an okay day.
I got a shiny carob blast.
Is that the name?
It's instead of a dark blue, it's like an Aqua color, which I really like.
And I got the shiny costume Pikachu.
And those are usually pretty rare because they're only available for like a day or two.
So that was, that was cool.
So that was pretty much my gaming week.
That's that's, that's really, that's really it.
There was some other stuff too, but yeah, I'll, I'll talk about it another time.
So why don't we get into housekeeping real quick?
No show next week.
I'm not here.
I'm going to be at Dragon Con.
I've said that a million times.
I'm not going to go over my schedule again.
You can check out last week's show or look for me in the app, Rob Roberts.
I have three panels on video gaming, two on digital media, one on the horror tracks.
I have six panels in all this year.
And if you're going to be in the area, I'd love to meet people that listen to the show.
I've had people come up to me after a panel and say, I've been listening for years and
I just wanted to say hi.
And that that's such a compliment and I really appreciate it.
So please, yeah, if you're going to be at Dragon Con, please don't hesitate to say hi.
And yeah, that's, that's everything I can think of at the moment.
So we won't be here live, but we'll be back in two weeks.
But I hope everybody has a fabulous Labor Day, uh, with whatever it is you're going
to be doing this weekend.
There's a lot of conventions going on here, here locally, SacAnime is always a thing that
weekend.
Um, what else is Labor Day weekend?
There's another big convention I'm, is PAX, PAX, hello, PAX West is this weekend, right?
So that's, that's the other big thing I was like, what is the other big thing on Labor
Day that I always, oh yeah, it's PAX.
So that's happening.
So that'll be fun too.
All right, uh, let's move on.
Let's get into some gaming news and talk about some other video games stuff that's been going
on around the globe.
Loki, we'll start with you.
Our Discord's been chatting about this one over at vog network.com slash Discord.
Our Orange House Radio chat has been going off on this.
So much shocking turn of events.
Sony has decided to raise the price of the PlayStation 5, taking a, taking a page out
of the meta book there.
Um, they have said that challenging economic conditions, um, have cost the component prices
that go up.
And so in sense, they're going to raise the price in most markets.
The U S seems to be the only exception at the moment.
Um, but right now, like for example, uh, the PlayStation 5 or the PlayStation 5 with disk
drive in Lake Europe is going to be, uh, five 49 99 and the digital edition being four
49 99.
Um, in the EU, it's going up from 500 to five 50.
Um, we have in Australia now seven 50 to 800 and even in Mexico, uh, going from, uh, looks
like 14,999 or eight with the, uh, Blu-ray drive and 12,499, uh, for the digital edition.
Mike, Mike Deft, who is in Mexico had a few things to say about this on Discord and it
has a few more things to say in our chat right now.
So it's not happy about it.
And that means just to stress, uh, it is not going up in the U S this is pretty much all
these other places, but not the U S.
So interesting.
It is interesting that they're doing that.
Um, now Microsoft and Nintendo have said that they're not planning on, um, Raising prices
at this time.
So Microsoft came out and said, we're constantly evaluating our business to offer our fans
great gaming options are okay.
So basically they said that I don't want to read all the PR speak, but it's basically
saying that the prices are going to stay the same.
Um, and then for Nintendo, they're saying they're not considering a switch price increase.
That's probably for the best.
Yeah.
I mean, it's fine.
Like, I, I'm surprised that they're doing that, like, cause I don't think that they're
selling a ton of consoles in the mile of money that they, they don't make any thought of
those consoles anyways, but I don't think they're losing a ton either.
I don't know, but we'll see how that works out for them.
I guess they're thinking right now because the shortages, it's still going to be in high
demand, but it's like, you know, hopefully they're not thinking, well, scalpers could
get that kind of money.
So let's see if we can get that kind of money.
It's just going to make the scalpers bring it up even higher.
Yeah.
I, it doesn't that feel a little bit like what Disneyland's doing.
Let's raise the price so high that only the really rich people come and we don't have
pass holders anymore.
Like I, I, it just feels a little bit like that to me in a way, but you got it.
You got to cater to your whales is what you're probably thinking.
I guess so.
Well, I, uh, I shudder to see what this little device is going to cost, but we know that
the PlayStation VR two is apparently going to launch in early 2023.
Uh, that is all we got.
And I think this came from a tweet, uh, that like, uh, PlayStation France or something
kind of first put out there.
Uh, we don't know, like anything else, we don't know price, we don't know the actual
date or whatever.
I would assume that they're going to get it out before the fiscal year is over.
Cause usually when something is early 2023, especially a piece of hardware, that's what
they're aiming for.
Um, this would not be completely unhinged for new hardware to come out in the beginning
of the year.
Um, Nintendo changed that game when they released the switch, uh, in March, right.
And, uh, showed that you don't have to release a new console, uh, around the holidays, technically
the PS VR two is not a new console, but it might as well be, uh, you know, it's a, certainly
a high cost expansion for an existing console, but, uh, I love original PlayStation VR for
the PS four.
Uh, so I'm totally all about, you know, if the right games are out, I will totally get
a VR two for the PlayStation five.
I don't know what game is the must have app for this right now.
I'm sure they're going to port Beat Saber.
No man's sky.
We already know is getting ported.
I'm well, actually would they port Beat Saber now?
Cause didn't meta pick up the studio that has that.
So maybe, I don't know.
I think they'd be fools not to, but I guess that's maybe not such a sure thing.
So I'll be very curious to see what must have games come out, but I guess that horizon spin-off
looked kind of neat.
I guess, I guess Sony's trying to do their own things in house.
We'll see.
So, uh, more to come on that, uh, Bobby Black Wolf clarifying in chat, meta said they would
keep Beat Saber multi-platform well, you know, I don't doubt that, but I doubted a little
bit from them because, you know, Microsoft kind of also has played the wishy-washy we're
going to keep things multi-platform, but then, but not everything, you know, so they can
always, my point is they can always go back on their word and there's really nothing that
anybody can do about it, but I do think it's in their best interest to keep a multi-platform.
Um, also meta sucks, but it sucks just a little bit less thanks to the changes they made where
you finally don't have to have a Facebook account linked to your, uh, meta thing anymore.
So that's kind of nice, I guess.
Yeah.
All right, let's move on a completely different topic, uh, Dark Sakura.
So, um, yeah, I brought up some Resident Evil stuff earlier, but what I did not bring up
was Resident Evil on Netflix, which honestly I had completely forgotten existed.
Um, and apparently a lot of other people forgot it existed or didn't really care for it, um,
because it's being canceled.
From what I understand, most people that remembered it existed wishes, wishes they hadn't.
Hmm.
Well, um, it is, uh, there's not going to be a season two, even though there were thoughts
that there could be something better that came from it, um, but at any rate, um, it's
not getting a second season.
The story wasn't very well suited.
It didn't really follow very well.
Um, it had some weird narrative framing for jumping between timelines.
Um, yeah, they're, they're just, it's no.
I mean, the actors in it were apparently really great.
Um, but it just suffered from really bad writing and a convoluted plot.
And let's, let's also not forget Netflix has a reputation of sorts for, um, renewing shows
or not as the case may be to which a DJ on my S in chat is saying, bring back cowboy
bebop, which of course, you know, that was another high profile cancellation after the
first season that folks didn't, but I feel like more people liked that show than liked,
uh, resident evil.
I saw maybe one person that said something borderline positive about it.
I didn't see it.
So I've, I have no horse in the race.
I was looking at the dude playing, uh, I guess it's supposed to be Chris.
He looks kind of like bad cosplay.
He's cute though.
That's it.
All right.
Well, here's the thing though.
They don't just remove it from the service.
That's HBO max.
So if you could still go back and watch the first season, if you are feeling some sort
of way, enjoy.
All right.
I was looking to see what else they canceled.
They canceled another life, archive 81, cooking with Paris, which honestly, uh, yeah, no cooking
with Paris.
Q force.
Q force.
Why did I not know about that?
Well, oh, they canceled that.
I heard it was actually funny.
Yeah.
It was all right.
It also canceled raising Dion, the babysitter's club.
Oh, now see raising Dion, I'm kind of disappointed.
That actually was a decent series.
And the midnight gospel, um, fill a nine and chat says HBO max is kind of a mess right
now.
Girl, don't get us started.
Like H HBO max.
So bold.
They tried to cancel Sesame street.
Okay.
That's, that's the kind of pure, pure fuckery that's going on at HBO max right now.
Now, look, I understand it.
PBS owns Sesame street at the end of the day.
It's a complicated arrangement.
The whole, the whole fact that Sesame street would even be up for debate is sick in my
opinion.
But anyway, HBO max, she's a disaster.
She is a hot mess.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Bobby buckle says they did remove early versions of Sesame street.
They are just deleting stuff from the service.
That's the thing about Netflix.
They'll cancel everything, but they'll still try to say, Oh, you should go back and watch
resident evil.
Just, you know, to inflate the ratings and spend the hours on the service.
They don't just remember things.
For some reason.
Oh, for the record.
Um, I might've mentioned this before, but like there had been some episode of Sesame
street that had never been aired again.
Now it's on, uh, YouTube.
Which one is that?
Uh, I, we were watching it the other day.
I'll, I'll look it up and then I, the only one I've ever pulled up and watched on YouTube
was the one where Mr. Hooper passed away.
Um, which actually like in retrospect, you know, I remember seeing that as a kid, I think
a lot of folks around our age kind of remember that from being younger.
I think it was the one with Margaret Hamilton.
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, interesting.
It was, yeah.
So it's the one, um, from 1976 and they found the episode and then someone put it up on,
uh, on YouTube.
Margaret Hamilton, the, uh, Wicked Witch of the West from the original, uh, yeah, she
was also on Mr. Rogers because that, that clip is around YouTube as well.
That one was great how she just puts on the outfit there to prove that she wasn't, you
know, scary.
Yeah.
Interesting.
All right.
Anyway, I was going to say, um, but the Mr. Hooper thing, like in retrospect is so well
done.
Like you don't like really, I think, appreciate it until you're older, like how they handled
such a sensitive subject with tact and dignity.
So, um, yeah, I, I, I remember it.
I still get verklempt watching it.
It's really, um, yeah, anyway.
Not to bring the show down, but you know, that, that is what HBO max is deleting.
Let's just put out, let's just, let's just put it out there.
All right.
And by the way, I linked the episode for people in chat.
It is Sesame street episode 847 from 1976.
And then after you watch that, go and listen to the, the 12 song with the pinball theme
because that, um, was an awesome, so watch any of that until tomorrow.
Okay.
Yeah.
Right now.
Right now you focus on us.
Okay.
Uh, moving on, uh, Loki, sorry, I've got like earthquake going on here.
This I need to tighten the screws on this desk and we're just going to just fall apart
one day.
Cause it shakes so easy every time there's no, well, that would be me.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
Loki, what do you have?
All right.
So here comes to nouveau putting its stupid head where it doesn't need to be.
Um, so Geneva was come out saying that, you know, Hey, Hey people, we need some more business.
So they're going to solve a problem that nobody has.
And that is with folks, um, emulating switch games on PC.
They're going to try to break it somehow.
I imagine that that will go as well as it's gone with their PC security, meaning it's
not going to make a difference and it's going to end up hurting the actual consumer more,
which tends to be the case.
So they are saying though, even if a game is protected against piracy on its PC version,
uh, it says the release version of the switch can be emulated from day one and played on
PC.
Therefore bypassing the strong protection, um, or strong protections offered on the PC
version, the Nintendo switch emulation protection will ensure that anyone wishing to play the
game has to buy a legitimate copy.
You're right.
Like, cause no one's ever bypassed you or security.
You're just impossible to beat like, and also like, even with like stuff like that, companies
have done that in the past.
Like you're not the first, they did this like even on like the 3DS and on like even older
games on other platforms where if you have a pirated version, it just doesn't work the
same way.
Like there's things that are broken with it.
Oh yeah, yeah.
This whole thing strikes me as a challenge.
Like Danuvo is just like, fight us and the entire internet's like, okay, they will lose.
I'm sorry.
Like they will end up losing Mike.
Mike Defton chat says Danuvo on switch.
Yeah.
Now more games will run even worse on switch.
Yeah.
I'm suddenly reminded of like how well optimized and I say that tongue firmly planted in cheek,
how well optimized cooking mama on the switch was where people were playing that game going,
is this bitch mining Bitcoin on my switch?
Why is this game running like such garbage?
And that's what we have to look forward to.
Yeah, I haven't weren't they in a switch game already or something like wasn't there some
sort of DRA?
I don't know.
But anyways, they're saying that they're going to, you know, try to it just seems like marketing
speak but like it's never worked.
I think from what I remember, like, what would it Okay, let's just hypothetically let's just
pretend for a second there that the concern was people, you know, emulating these games.
Most of the time emulation happens after a game comes out like a while after the game
comes out.
Right.
So like, if I can't emulate a day one, I don't think that's necessarily going to cause more
sales to happen.
It's just like if people are hell bent on emulating the game, they're not going to buy
the game and all you're doing is hurting the consumer.
A lot of pirates just keep an active stockpile of games they never intended to purchase in
the first place, which I'm not saying makes it right.
And I don't want to make it sound like I'm advocating for piracy.
Like I understand that it can be very frustrating to see that people are playing switch releases
on day one that they didn't pay for.
Like I get that.
Yeah, the thing the thing and I understand that the video game industry has a vested
interest in protecting that.
So again, I'm not defending the act of pirating modern day games.
Now when it comes to emulating the Super Nintendo and the NES, I say we're in a completely different
realm that has to do a game preservation licensing and all that bullshit fuckery that happens.
That means we don't have classic fucking games like the Guardian Legend available to play
on modern consoles.
We have to emulate that and we need to be able to do that.
However, here's here's the thing, sorry, Loki, before I let's finish.
Here's the thing with this is that I think where we take issue with this is that Denuvo
is coming in going, don't worry, I'll fix it.
And it's like, shut up.
Nobody asked you like, here's, did you consider maybe just doing your thing quietly and not
having to advertise?
Because what you're doing with this is you are literally inviting the entire dark side
of the internet and the people you don't want to be doing this in the first, you are just
inviting them to fight.
You have, Denuvo has literally sent an email to all of the hackers and crackers in the
entire galaxy going bike racks, 3pm, see you there.
And now they're going to create a problem that I would argue didn't, it's that whole
blowing something out of proportion because yes, is piracy happening on the Switch?
Yes.
Is piracy only going to get worse because of this announcement?
Yes.
Does Nintendo think it's a problem that's, you know, warrants another company solving
it for them?
No, because Nintendo is not even involved in this initiative that Denuvo is taking themselves
upon to try to solve.
So like, who is going to utilize this?
A third party company is like, a third party publisher is going to do that, like, then
once people catch wind that that game has Denuvo, you know what that does on PC games?
Most people try to avoid that shit.
So like, it's like, Denuvo is up on their soapbox making a proclamation and Nintendo
is down in front going, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up.
It's just, it's dumb.
So dumb.
SSJ 100 Matt brings up an excellent point.
Piracy has become a necessary evil in the fight for game preservation.
There are so many games disappearing forever on the 3DS store soon.
Fact!
That is well stated by SSJ 100 Matt and an excellent example of, somebody's going to
wildly take me out of context.
Don't do it, but I'm going to say it.
Why we need piracy.
Yeah, and on top of this too, like, okay, so yeah, this does also like, you know, allegedly
could probably won't because their cop protection sucks, but could prohibit, you know, the backing
up of these games later on for archival purpose, um, Denuvo claims that these checks that they
would implement would be offline checks being meaning that the keys are going to be hidden
within the games.
How this is never going to not be like cracked immediately is beyond me how they think that
this is going to ever work.
It's not ever going to work, but I mean, sure, sure Denuvo.
Phila9 with a really good question, I'm not actually sure the answer to in our chat asking
are these games captured at the Library of Congress?
I know they archive a lot of games.
I think it would be impossible to archive everything.
There's so many Indian self published things out there.
I'm not sure they all get captured in an official governmental capacity.
However, we have certainly heard of efforts, like for example, what we just had recently
Embracer group, right, has that big, you know, museum physical place that they're building
to try to preserve games like video game preservation is becoming more and more of a thing you see
out there like, you know, just enthusiasts.
And you kind of joke about your librarian brain.
But I would argue others with librarian brains out there who also love video games are kind
of trying to solve because I'm not sure there's like a government thing in there.
Oh, and Bobby Blackwell puts an excellent point there.
The games industry fights against libraries archiving their stuff.
That's right.
I remember this thing about this here, because if there is remotely a chance that someone
could play the game for fun because of the library archive, that's a problem.
I remember that was a story a couple years ago, towards the beginning of the pandemic.
You're right.
Somebody was trying to fight against that whole preservation thing because heaven forbid,
somebody is, you know, pirating a game that's no longer for sale.
It's just interesting.
So but I think I think, again, once something is on the Internet, you're not going to get
it off the Internet.
And so you see other ways of archiving things that are out there, such as archive.org, right?
The Internet archive is a big thing.
But of course, they're getting sued over it.
So yeah.
But as Joe and Matt says, listen, I would pay for a service to play all of these old
games.
Anyone would.
Well, I shouldn't say anyone would.
And I don't want to make it sound like I'm belittling your comment because I'm not.
But I think what it really comes down to is these legal issues that hold games back from
being able to.
This is the part that bites the game industry in the fucking ass when it comes to this stuff.
Like again, I'm going to use Guardian Legend as my example, because you know the love I
have for that game.
The Dark Sakura has to that game that Loki, I'm going to just say, has love for that game,
whether he does or not.
We have a big love for the Guardian Legend here at Orange Mountains Radio.
And you again cannot play that game through legal purposes right now because it is caught
up in licensing fuckery right now.
And that is doing the games industry a disservice.
If they were to put out the Guardian Legend for 10 bucks on the Nintendo Switch, I would
buy it tomorrow.
I bet Dark Sakura would be tempted to pick it up as well.
I think there'd be a lot of people who would pick it up.
But it doesn't happen.
Why?
Because of these issues.
And the business side of video games ruins video games way too often in this industry.
And it sucks.
Anyway, Savalusan Chat, hi, says, we need a video game vault just like the seed vault
in Norway.
Well, ironically, that whole Embracer group thing I'm talking about is what they're trying
to basically build.
So there is that.
Bobby Black Wolf with an interesting perspective too saying Super Mario Brothers will enter
the public domain in 2060.
It'll be very interesting to see what happens in the future as you know, because I didn't
they refuse to extend the Disney law any further like Mickey Mouse, circa Steamboat Willie
is going into the public domain if he hasn't already, right?
Like Disney ran out of time finally, and they couldn't convince Congress to buy more.
So it's going to be interesting.
So anyway, all right, let's move on.
Let's talk about Steam, the mobile app version, which it hasn't been updated in a long time,
but it's going to be getting updated, which is great because I kind of think the mobile
app they have now is a little bit clunky and aged.
So they're going to be updating the app, of course, Android and iOS we're talking about.
And they're going to be, I guess they've already invited invested users to beta test this app.
Using a redesigned client, they've built it on a new framework, they've modernized design.
So you can do more intelligent notifications, multi account support, that's nice.
And this is great, a new way to get into your account.
So you don't have to worry about the username, the password, the Steam guard, you just use
a QR code like you do on Discord or Signal or something like that.
That is going to be the most time saving new feature that they're putting into that, which
is cool.
Apparently the beta is still running a little bit sluggish right now, but they're hoping
to get that working before it comes out.
So iOS does have a beta, that beta is limited to 10,000 users right now because of the restrictions
of test flight.
But you can check that out on the Steam website if you're curious to get into it, steamcommunity.com
slash groups slash Steam mobile app.
I'll wait for the full release, but I think this is an exciting thing that's coming.
The Steam mobile app badly needed something like this, especially when it comes to Steam
Guard.
So I think that's cool.
Going to chat, they're talking about public domain things.
Bobby Black Wolf and DJ Rama S are pointing out Winnie the Pooh is in public domain now,
hence the horror movie.
Yes, I actually, I know the people there through a weird like three degrees of separation type
of thing.
And so that's, yeah, that's a great point is that's the type of stuff.
But if I remember right, it's only Winnie the Pooh and not Christopher Robin the way
he's portrayed in the Disney movies.
Like it's very interesting what they can and can't do.
So we'll see more and more and more stuff like that to come in the future.
I wonder if that's why we see all this Pinocchio stuff now too.
But that was, that was based on a book that wasn't like an original Disney thing, right?
So that book has to be public domain at this point.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Um, an update on an incredibly frustrating story, Dark Sakura.
So and I've actually been following her now for a little bit.
So we were following the story of Kethals, Clara Sorrenti, who had been doxxed and, and
I've got a little bit more on this than just what the article says too, has had to leave
Canada because of harassment and is living in an undisclosed location in Europe.
And there's a lot, there's a lot more.
So I'll go ahead and read what, what she said, as a Twitch broadcaster, my livelihood relies
on the connections I form with my audience and is harder than it would be in any other
profession to keep my location hidden, hidden, I want to keep working and because I know
I have this huge target on my back, I've decided to take refuge in Europe where I have close
friends who are willing to host me, so I can continue to stream while my stalkers continuously
try to hunt me down and send the message I am never safe.
And she also had posted about her Uber account being hacked and like a bunch of food showing
up that was charged on her account.
You would think Uber would have a safeguard on that after you order so many different
restaurants.
Like I can, I can understand why somebody might order from two or three different restaurants,
you know, depending on what picky eaters or party, but the amount of food she got, like,
why didn't Uber have a fail safe on that?
That's really weird to me.
I don't know.
That's beside the point.
Well, well, well, I, I would say that, yeah, companies, all companies need to realize there
are shitty people out there doing shitty things.
But anyway, I know it's, it's past the main point, but Uber does need to look into it.
Anyway, um, the whole thing has been going because she's had a very big, uh, campaign
now to get this, uh, harassment site Kiwi Farms taken down.
Uh, and the site's been taken down a few times.
Um, but, but she's been working really hard and knowing what this site is.
Um, there have been many, many, many, uh, outreach has gone to Cloudflare who has been
hosting them and not paying attention to any of, of the demands that have been, you know,
going on.
And these are people who have got done full, uh, uh, harassment, uh, I would almost say
campaigns against other people, um, and have, you know, been a hotbed for racism, antisemitism,
transphobia, homophobia, you name it.
If it's not, you know, this gender white male, they've got a problem with it.
Um, and also, uh, for supporting, uh, Putin just also adding that in there too.
So, um, but thankfully she, uh, hasn't slacked off at all in her advocacy.
There are people making fake accounts.
I found one that was deleted just today.
Um, there are, it's, it's just people still spreading misinformation about her.
People just, it's disgusting.
It's really disgusting.
And she is keeping her head high and working hard on it.
And honestly, I, I, she's doing really amazing work under a really stressful situation.
And I think that we need to make sure that we get the word spread to support her and
support what she's doing.
And also make sure that we, you know, go out saying that this type of behavior is not going
to be permitted in our society, will not be tolerated, and that we will stand up against
it.
Yeah.
Um, definitely good for her for hanging in there.
Um, I, I don't know how she's doing it cause she's just constantly taking abuse.
It's sick.
They went, they went on her father's, uh, Memorial Facebook and we're taking photos
that were on that account and captioning them saying that he would be disappointed with
her and that he would hate her and all of this when she was like, no, he was completely
supportive of me all up until the end.
So how can some people sleep at night?
How can some people sleep at night?
So gross.
There are evil people in the world and they don't care what they do because they have
anonymity behind them except for, uh, the, the guy who's, I think running the Kiwi farm
site.
Um, apparently a trans person that, uh, that he had doxed showed up at his house and, uh,
he went and hid in his bedroom and his mother dealt with, dealt with her.
Like the scared little bitch that they were.
Oh, and his mother's just as bad as he is apparently, but it's just completely unforgivable
and they're not human.
I'm not a super religious person, but I do firmly believe that for those people, God
or whatever you want to call it, God is going to kick your ass.
That is, I firmly believe it.
So for the record, that isn't karma.
That's not what karma is.
I didn't call it karma.
Yeah.
I'm just, I'm telling that for other people.
People like to say that that's karma when that is not what karma is.
Um, it's appropriate to have to use that term.
Um, but I do believe that the, you know, it's a physics law, you know, uh, for every action
there is an opposite and equal reaction, right?
The reaction is going to come.
It's already coming.
And these people are going, look, already that guy in his site is losing, um, public
opinion.
He put out a statement saying, I've been losing public opinion and men men men men
men.
And we're like, okay, cry me a big river.
You big baby.
Go hide in mommy's closet.
Yeah.
Like if you want to dish it out, you need to be able to take it too.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on, uh, onto, I would say onto a happier note, although I'm not sure lawsuits
are usually happy stories, but, um, it's the best transition I've got.
So Loki, what's next?
All right.
So, um, let's talk about more lawsuits.
So Sony is being sued for $5.9 billion, uh, allegedly for ripping people off on digital
games.
And the reason that they're trying to make, or the, the reason that they're suing or the
argument that they're trying to make is that because Sony charges a 30% commission fee
and all digital purchases made through the UK PlayStation store.
This is a UK lawsuit, um, that it causes, I guess the games to be higher priced also
because they control their own digital marketplace.
Like I mean, all the other companies do, um, that they are anti-competitive.
And so because of that, since there's no competition, um, it leaves the prices being
high.
I think it's gonna be a hard argument for them to make.
It's gonna be very hard.
It's like, that's like that Epic games, Apple argument that didn't work out well.
So Sony is not doing anything different from what many peers in several industries are
also doing.
So I just don't see how this, why PlayStation is getting called out when they're literally
doing the exact same thing, Nintendo and Microsoft specifically.
And then if you kind of go further out into other entertainment industries, you know,
Apple, Google, and you know, the folks on the phones, this is like this 30% is pretty
much a standard.
Yeah.
And I guess you could say with Microsoft, it might be harder to make that argument because
they have their games on other platforms.
Like they have Microsoft games on steam.
You can get Microsoft games on the Microsoft game store.
Um, so that might be harder to make the argument or they just pick Sony to start, you know,
trying to Sue.
I don't think they're going to win.
I don't think this, anything's going to come of this, but I don't either.
I think it gets laughed out of court.
Yeah.
It's, I mean, they're probably just like, well, if we win even 1%, that's a lot of money.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I don't either, but we'll see.
We'll keep an eye on it.
All right.
Another thing to keep an eye on.
This is a game.
We don't talk about enough.
This game is so cool.
I really enjoy just some chill with Microsoft flight simulator.
And we got some news that a games com that a big upgrade for Microsoft flight simulator
is incoming on November the 11th.
Originally this was supposed to come on the 22nd.
And this is the rare story of an expansion getting bumped up as opposed to bump back,
but it's apparently ready to go.
And this is the 40th anniversary edition.
Obviously we're celebrating the flight simulator series as a whole.
And this new expansion will basically be free for those that have Xbox game pass because
the original games on it.
What will be added in this helicopters and gliders you'll be able to, which is the first
time they've been seen in the series for a while.
Also going to be added to the series an actual like commercial airliner.
They have some in the game, but the very popular Airbus A310 is going to be added to the game.
So if you want to fly your own, I guess, Southwest flight, you can do that.
So that's kind of neat.
There's also some more historical aircraft that are getting added to the game.
The Spruce Goose, the Spirit of St. Louis, the original flight from May of 1927.
Those are going in the game.
They're also going to be adding some more airports, glider airports, heliports, and
so on.
There's also a new city update that just came out that includes photo improvements
for some locations in Germany, which of course is the home of Gamescom.
So that's why Germany got some cities like Canover, Cologne, and so forth got their cities
reworked a little bit for Gamescom.
So pretty cool.
Anyway, I definitely recommend flight simulator, especially if you're a game pass person, then
there's really nothing to pay for it.
It's a really good use case for cloud as well, because the download is gigantic, but it plays
fine on the cloud.
It's super cute.
So that's one I definitely recommend checking out.
All right.
So flight simulator turns 40, and that's certainly a classic game.
But every week here on the program, we like to highlight another classic game in this
segment coming up right now.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and-
What's the difference between-
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Sorry about that.
A dumb ad came up while I was trying to get the B roll up here, but Dark Soccer-
You pay for it.
Yeah.
Dark Soccer, why don't you tell us-
I pay for it.
I pay for mine.
Let's get to the classic game of the week.
What game did you pick for us this week?
I picked Final Fantasy Tactics, which I haven't done it before, and I pretty much know why.
I'm not a fan of tactics games.
As much as I love Final Fantasy, and as much as this series is well beloved by many people,
I don't like tactics games.
But I'm still going to cover it because I know a lot of people do like tactics games.
I would also like to just point out that if someone says they don't like something, don't
immediately go,
Yeah, well, I do.
Like it's a personal challenge.
Just saying.
Anyway, it came out for PlayStation, published by Square, released in Japan on June 1994
and in the U.S. January 1998 by Sony Computer Entertainment, the very first of the Tactics
series in the Final Fantasy franchise.
And it's the first game that's set in the fictional world, later known as...
Is it Ivalice, I think?
So it follows Ramza Bolv, I guess I can't pronounce that, who is a cadet who is in a
military conflict called the Lion War and about the stuff going on with it.
Anyway, production began in 1995 by Matsuno Yasumi, who had created Ogre Battle with Quest.
But there was a desire to do a tactic game that involved class-based conflict and writing
history.
And so they were that director and writer.
And then Sakaguchi Hironobu, who was the Final Fantasy creator, was a producer and they just
got more and more awesome people in as they kept doing, including Iwata as a composer.
So at any rate, the game is...
Actually this is a different Iwata, I don't know why I said that.
This is Masaharu, but moving forward.
The game itself, it really pushed some boundaries when it came out.
So we're basically going to go into a little bit of that gameplay.
It's a tactics game.
So you follow your protagonist through the game and you have two modes, you have battles
and world map.
Battles will be on isometric fields and you move them by tiles and they have different
attacks and it is turn-based, although they have a charge time that is going into play
inside those battles.
You have your hit points for your enemies, your hit points yourself, you get experience
points as you go along.
And in the world map, you move on these paths connecting towns and battle points.
And of course, when your character icon is on the town, you can open a menu there where
you can go to the bar to look for side quests or shop for supplies or soldier office for
recruiting.
You also can go to fur shops that you get for poaching.
Don't approve of that, but whatever.
You do get some random battles.
And then if you go over these certain green spots, then you will get another random encounter.
It does have a character class system that lets you customize your characters into different
roles.
So you have most of the original character classes from Final Fantasy games, like summoners,
black mages, white mages, monks, dragoons, and thieves.
Black mages were called wizards, white mages were called priests, and dragons were called
lancers.
You have new, you start out as either a squire or a chemist, which is the base for either
a warrior or magician job, and it has like 20 something jobs.
You get job points that you can apply to your different jobs as well.
And then when you've learned all the abilities in that job class, you're considered mastered
and you can learn something else.
So at any rate, it was actually conceived in 93 by Sakaguchi, who loves tactics games.
And he was unable to work on it at the time due to the main series.
But eventually things came together and they were, he teamed up with Matsuno, of course,
like I said, who worked on the Ogre Battle series, and when Tactics Ogre Let Us Cling
Together was done, then they went over and started working on the game.
It was, the music in and of itself was also written by two people who worked on Ogre Battle,
so Iwata Masaharu and Sakimoto Hitoshi.
They worked on that and they actually did release CDs by DigiCube on June 21st, 1997,
and re-released by Squenix on March 24th, 2006.
So there were other versions.
Tactics first came out, like I said, June 20th, 1997, and it came bundled with a demo
disc for Saga Frontier.
And then the English localization was outsourced, although part of the localization had been
done by Square USA's Michael Baskett and did a script kind of like Old English, but it
made it really hard to understand the games that was toned down.
It came out in North America January 28th, 1998, and it also was re-released to Square's
Millennium Collection.
This series was released in Japan and each title had its own set of different merchandise.
Final Fantasy Tactics was sold June 29th, 2000, along with Saga Frontier, Saga Frontier
2, Brave Fencer Musashi, Front Mission 3, Ergeiz, and Legend of Mana.
It was selected to be part of the Greatest Hits re-releases four years after its initial
release, and then it also then became a part of the Ultimate Hits, which was their budget
range in Japan.
There was a PSP PlayStation Portable version called Final Fantasy Tactics The War of the
Lions came out May 10th, 2007 in Japan and then other places after.
Second game is part of the Ivalice Alliance.
It also had an updated version of the original Final Fantasy Tactics with in-game cutscenes,
new characters, and multiplayer.
It also updated to a 16.9 widescreen support, new items, new jobs, cel-shaded full motion
videos.
And the English version has voice acting where the Japanese version does not.
The game sold almost 825,000 copies in Japan in the first half of 1997 and ended with 1.24
million copies sold.
By the end of 2007, it had sold approximately 1.3 million copies in Japan and then, as of
August 2011, 2.4 million copies worldwide.
It was greatly lauded.
People thought that it was challenging and required, you know, definitely more strategy
and a little bit more involvement.
The spell effects, 3D backgrounds, the camera being rotatable, zooming, all of that.
Other reviewers didn't really like it, but they don't count.
There's some people who said it should have been 2D, man, like no.
It just really, the story especially was praised, although having so many characters look similar
made it hard to distinguish who was who.
And of course, the English localization was overrun with grammatical mistakes, so I'm
just saying.
Like I was telling the people who did Hooked on You, get a proofreader.
But soundtrack, of course, was greatly praised.
IGN gave the Editor's Choice Award in 1998.
GameSpot listed as one of the greatest games of all time in 2007.
It just, it won more and more and more.
So the world for Final Fantasy Tactics has been featured in other games.
The development staff that did Vagrant Story also had references to Final Fantasy Tactics,
and they are both set in the same world.
And Final Fantasy XII, when it was released, is also in the same world, the world of Ivalice.
Final Fantasy XIII Revenant Wings was also supposed to have been sent in the same world.
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance came out in 2003 and had a smaller cast of characters
and a little bit simpler of a plot.
It's an indirect sequel, came out called Final Fantasy Tactics A2, Grimoire of the Rift.
Ramza and Agrias were in the online card game Lord of the Million 3 in 2014.
Ramza is playable in Dissidia Final Fantasy NT.
In Final Fantasy XIV, A Realm Reborn had an alternate version of Ramza and his companions
that died at the end of Tactics.
So they're in Final Fantasy XIV.
Final Fantasy Tactics is featured in the Final Fantasy Trading Card Game with Ramza, Delita,
Agrias, and other characters appearing in Opus 1.
Tactics has appeared in other of the Opuses.
And there's a remix song of Avelia and Delita that was nominated for Best Game Music Cover
Remix at the 16th Annual Game Audio Network Guild Awards.
And that's it.
Final Fantasy Tactics is ooze.
All right.
Great pick.
I know it's not a game that you're personally into, but I kind of felt like what you were
saying in the beginning about the whole, like, you know, this tactics isn't usually a genre.
And even for me, I don't usually get into tactics.
Tactical games is a genre.
I don't get entertained by them very often, but I have a deep love of Final Fantasy.
So it was one of those things where I was like, I had to try this one.
And I, I do, I do like it.
I don't think I'm as into it as like some other people are, but I do find it very interesting
that Square- You're not dating, but you're very good friends.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I have the phone number in my phone that I might want to call once in a while
when I'm feeling lonely.
You know, it's just one of those things where it's like, I'm surprised that Square hasn't
tried to do more of these games with how well received it.
You know, yes.
I know there was advances.
I mean, I'm just surprised-
Favorite story.
They've done a few others.
But I mean, specifically Final Fantasy, you know, but yeah, but I like what they did with
the job system.
I liked, you know, that in the game and definitely you see this game's influence on other Final
Fantasy games.
Force 14, you know, some of the other things you named there in that.
But yeah.
So yeah, great pick, Final Fantasy Tactics.
A real classic, if there ever was one.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about some other quick headlines around the gaming industry and some
rapid fire news.
We'll start with Loki.
Everybody's got a podcast now.
So- Well, we were first.
We were one of the first guests.
One of the first.
So Sakurai has got his own podcast now on YouTube, or I should say it's like a YouTube
series and talking about game development.
So that's pretty cool.
And then-
He is allowed to do whatever he wants, including a podcast.
He's delivered on every wish that people have for the Smash Brothers series over the years.
He's worked day and night and all the time in between on those games.
You know what?
If he wants to do a podcast, may it be the best podcast there ever was.
Except for this one, of course.
Also Hideo Kojima announced that he's got a podcast exclusively for Spotify.
How dare he?
It's called Brain Structure.
You can check that out there.
And then, of course, we have an acquisition in the indie scape.
So we've got Tiny Build has acquired a Bossa Studios, who are best known for their weird
simulation games or weird like physics comedy games.
So they have, of course, I Am Bread, Surgeon Simulator, I Am Fish.
So those have been- that's been purchased by Tiny Build for $3 million.
Great.
Great.
All right.
Yeah.
Darsakra, with, I think, some more insight on something that came up last week or the
week before.
Yeah.
Except show role actually accidentally got closed, my apologies.
So yeah, so I'm a fan of Guilty Gear.
I like this series.
I've cosplayed Baikon from it, much to my husband's chagrin because of how much cleavage
it showed.
But there's a character who has been problematic, and that's Bridget.
Bridget originally was a boy raised as a girl, not necessarily choosing that as an identity,
I reckon.
But now they finally have just completely come out and said, no, she's trans.
She is, in fact, this is as of Guilty Gear Strive, that they confirmed that Bridget
is transgender and that, but she had been using, people had used masculine pronouns
toward her, but now she is officially being referred to as her correct gender.
She's wearing, of course, the feminine clothes.
She still always presented herself as a woman.
And so now she is still, she is now completely being referred to as a woman.
And it's about time, you know, she had been misgendered for an age.
She was sort of like in this middle ground where they, you know, people were referring
to as, and I hate using the term, but people were refusing to her as a trap.
And that's completely unfair to the trans community.
It's completely disgust, you know, disgusting that people would do that.
And so now like we've had in this one, so they've had a scene now in the arcade mode
where Bridget is talking with Dickinson and Kaikisuke about her self-discovering and how
she's learned herself and that the final destination will be worthwhile.
And they agreed with her and they, you know, provided some advice, like legit advice, leave
behind the fear of prejudice, become who you were meant to be.
It's all worth the heartache to be your true self.
And then she responds to a statement about being a cowgirl, like cowgirl is fine because
I'm a girl.
So I think that's awesome.
And there's apparently other bits of dialogue in the game, but Arc System is really sticking
with this translation and they're doing a great, a great job.
Yeah.
Sounds like they've done some really good course correcting there.
I know this, this kind of was first came up like a week or two ago when people were downloading
that DLC, but it's nice that the company's kind of confirming it and, you know, giving
that extra insight there.
Pretty cool.
And then also there's still, there's also the character of Testament who is a non-binary.
And this is both of the, both of their identities are built in now to the fabric of the story.
And then of course the scene has been uploaded onto Twitter and I will be reposting that
from my own Twitter.
Cool.
All right.
Well, I don't follow, I have to admit, I don't follow Guilty Gear as closely.
I just, I just haven't, I don't have time to play everything, but a fighting game franchise
I have been keeping my eyes on over the years is Mortal Kombat.
And with Mortal Kombat celebrating its 30th anniversary, we're finding out some more details,
just some behind the scenes stuff, which ironically in an interesting way, speaking of Dragon
Con coming up, Bobby has a really cool panel.
Bobby's getting to do a Mortal Kombat panel with, I forget, it's two of the mocap actors
from the original game that are going to be on the panel.
So, and I believe they had some hand, it's not like Ed Boon or anything.
It's, I think it's the brothers, Carlos, Pecina, and I can't remember the other guy's name,
but they're going to be on the panel.
And I think that's going to be a fun one to see.
So I'm hoping it doesn't conflict with any of my other panels so I can go watch it just
as a fan of Mortal Kombat, the old school games.
But Ed Boon has been dropping a lot of neat little things on Twitter and so forth, talking
this week about Sonya and how Sonya wasn't originally in the game, saying that on April
10th, they tested an unfinished version of Mortal Kombat with only six fighters at a
Chicago arcade called Times Square, the name of the arcade in Chicago, not New York, and
talking about basically how Sonya was made from there.
But Sonya started out as a character named Curtis Stryker, but they changed Curtis Stryker
into Sonya Blade, but it ended up being the same backstory because they decided they wanted
that fighter to be female, so they did a pivot there.
But ironically, Curtis Stryker was basically Jax, so they did revisit that concept, but
they made him Jax and put him in Mortal Kombat 2.
And then, of course, you might go, well, wait a minute, isn't Stryker a name for Mortal
Kombat?
Yeah.
Then they used the name Stryker in Mortal Kombat 3.
So I just think that's kind of interesting how this original development for the character
kind of ended up getting split out amongst all these other Mortal Kombat characters,
but that's how development works sometimes.
So I just thought that was some pretty cool insight.
All right, let's move on, travel around the world for some release dates and see what
games will be celebrating some 30th anniversaries in 2052.
Loki, what's on the list tonight?
So we have Commandos 3 HD remaster on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One,
Destroy All Humans 2 re-probed on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, Dusk Diver 2 on Nintendo
Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5, F1 Manager 2022 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation
5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Immortality on PC, Mac, Xbox Series, iOS, and Android, Inscription
on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, Prini Presents Nice Classics Volume 3 on PC and
Nintendo Switch, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles The Cowabunga Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Tinykin on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, Zero Escape Zero Time Dilemma on Xbox One,
Phantasy Star Online 2, and Phantasy Star Online 2 New Genesis on PlayStation 4, Scaith
on PC, Shin-chan, me and the professor on summer vacation, the endless seven day journey
on PC this week.
A crayon Shin-chan?
Looks like really bad artwork.
Not crayon Shin-chan, it's like, I don't know, maybe?
It's like slightly better than crayon, but yes, it's the same character.
Okay, gotcha.
Anomutinim, or Mutationim, I guess that's how you pronounce that, on Nintendo Switch,
Chinsou Club on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, Gerda, A Flame in Winter
on PC and Nintendo Switch, Made in Abyss, Binary Star Falling into Darkness on PC, Nintendo
Switch, PlayStation 4, Ooblets on PC, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox One, Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
All Star Battle R on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox
Series, The Last of Us Part One on PlayStation 5, Lego Brawls on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Looks like Lunastis on PC, Nintendo Switch, Made in Abyss, Binary Star Falling into Darkness
also on, looks like, PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
And we also have Pretty Presents Nice Classics Volume 3 on PC and Nintendo Switch.
That's it.
All right, going to Japan.
It's a little lighter this week.
I seem to remember last week it was really, really packed, but this week we have just
a few things on Nintendo Switch.
On September the 1st, we have Made in Abyss, Binary Star Falling into Darkness.
I think most of these overlap with U.S. games, but these are Japanese releases as well.
That's on the Switch.
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure All Star Battle R, also on the Switch in Japan this week.
F.I.S.T.
Fist, or short for Forge in Shadow Torch, also released in Japan this week.
And The Lord of the Rings Golem gets its release in Japan.
Yeah, it's a spin-off game all about Golem and is precious, released in Japan on the
Switch this week.
Heading over to the PlayStation 5, that same Lord of the Rings game is also on the PlayStation
5.
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure also on the PlayStation 5, and the Wonder Boy the Dragon's Trap is
also getting its release on the PS5 this week in Japan.
And Thymesia is also out on the PlayStation 5 this week.
That's it.
Let's go to Europe.
On the 30th, we have for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, Destroy All Humans 2 re-probed.
Also Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The Cowabunga Collection.
And also on the 30th for PlayStation and Xbox, F1 Manager 2022.
Moving on to the second, the rest of these are all in the second, we have The Ascent
for PlayStation and Xbox.
For PlayStation and Switch, we have Super Bullet Break.
For the three, we have Lego Brawls.
For PlayStation, Last of Us Part 1.
And PlayStation and Switch, Made in Abyss.
All right.
We have a few more news stories for you guys, and then we'll be inviting your phone calls
over at vognetwork.com slash Discord in the green room.
We'll get to any emails and tweets if we have any of those.
But first, we have a few more stories for you.
Loki!
Yeah, so this is unfortunate news, but so there's a company called Toge Productions
and Mojiken Studio.
They had a point and click game coming out called A Space for the Unbound.
And they were in negotiation with PQ Games, who had published Galgun in the past, to have,
you know, publish that on consoles for them as well.
And they were also going to handle the publishing in western regions.
However, they've had to terminate their contract with PQ Games because there's been some manipulation
being done on behalf of PQ Games.
So some of the things that they had done to them, one, they had obtained a grant basically
for, it was a grant for an unnamed diversity fund, and they obtained it in PQ Games behalf,
but then they withheld the money from them.
Then also, they had tried using those funds as part of a negotiation tactic with them.
So rather than giving them the money, they were hiding the fact that the grant had been
awarded to them and added as recoupable minimum guarantee, and then used it to negotiate the
increase of their revenue share.
Also, PQ Games is refusing to grant them control over publishing again.
So unfortunately, the game's kind of in limbo right now.
But the company wants to make arrangements and ensure that it's published as intended
in a way that's consistent with their community values.
So yeah, that sounds like a lot of drama there.
It says, the support has included offering a significant further funding over and above
the grant funding to support development, importing, and marketing.
This touch productions have sought for some time to unitally enforce the unreasonable
revised terms of our agreement, and it's disappointing that as a result not achieving
that, that despite PQ significant efforts to accommodate this, they have sought the
deal with a matter this way.
So basically, PQ is trying to say that, oh, we're not involved in that.
Yeah, like, how dare they go public with this, you know, trying to make us look bad to try
to resolve it this way, you know, in the
sure that, yeah, it's in their best interest to, you know, small indies, it's in their
best interest to try to piss off the publisher of their game, you know, and to try to throw
them under the bus and shade them with untrue facts.
I'm sure that's really what they're trying to do.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Okay.
So I think the developers have also said that if they did go forward with the publishing
through PQ, it says, or it says, oh, yeah, apparently players, of course, have decided
to review bomb PQ for doing stuff like that.
So, all right.
All right, well, we'll move on to our next story.
Dark Sakura had to step away for just a moment, so she'll come back to her thing at another
time.
So we'll move on to this story, which actually, I'm sorry, is also from Loki.
We'll skip right back to you, Loki.
All right, cool.
So there's some leaked game, well, very brief gameplay from apparently a new Need for Speed
title that has appeared online.
It has, well, I mean, they haven't really announced a new Need for Speed game, but apparently
it shows some footage of a, a barrel, a Bel Air crashing into some sort of donut shaped
monument and like some of the art style and stuff with that.
They said that the new Need for Speed would kind of combine like, you know, of photorealistic
and then like kind of, they say anime elements.
It's sort of like kind of graffiti almost elements to it, I guess.
It's neat.
It's a neat, uh, art style, I guess.
But, um, yeah, I don't know.
I'll be interested to see when they fully announce it.
It doesn't tell us much, right?
Open world though.
Like, I mean, the way they kind of make it look, it looks open world and I'm all about
an open world, like raising a game, like, uh, whether it be Need for Speed, kind of like
Need for Speed, I think underground was open world, but, um, whether it be like that or
like Burnout Paradise or something like that, I'm all down for that.
Uh, I guess we'll have to wait and see whenever the hell they announce it.
All right.
We'll see.
All right.
And, uh, one more story for you tonight that is a little bit of a follow up to something
we talked about last week.
Um, last week I think Dark Soccer had brought up that unfortunately, um, a developer of
some games that were published on Steam had passed away and that was, um, Rob Hale and,
uh, the games that, um, he had developed, Waves and Waves 2, uh, ended up being given
away on Steam, uh, as kind of like a tribute, you know, basically a post post-mortem.
Um, and, uh, the interesting thing that's happened as a result of that, that I wanted
to bring up tonight is that, uh, now a lot of fans are through Steam and through the
review system, leaving like basically positive review bombing.
Although I wouldn't call it review bombing because usually that's done with the intent
to alter the score.
I would say this is coming from a much different place where people are leaving their thank
yous and their memories and so forth as, you know, Steam reviews.
Uh, as of right now, Waves and Waves 2 have very positive ratings.
Uh, and actually it should be noted they had those ratings before he passed too.
So it should be clear this is not just a result of, uh, the game going free and so forth.
Um, so, you know, a lot of people saying things like F-cancer, uh, RIP, you know, the typical
things you would expect, um, to read, but, uh, yeah, just kind of interesting how that's
sort of turned into a virtual memorial of sorts for the developer.
Um, and, uh, you know, and I kind of talked about this last week on the show when, when
Jamie originally brought up the story is it's one of those, you know, the, the art that
you will leave behind and the lasting impact that it has on this world.
Um, and it's, it's very clear that this gentleman, you know, put a lot into these games and now
there's a lot of people that are appreciative and able to, um, you know, enjoy it, enjoy
his work and, uh, have be impacted by art.
It is unfortunate that he had to pass away for the game to get all the, um, you know,
traction and publicity that it has.
But, um, it's, it's, it's nice that at the end of the day, more people are able to play
it and, um, are, are feeling so positive about it.
Um, this pod culture says in chat review boosting, I wouldn't even, you know, again, you, you,
yes, but no, you know, those terms are usually reserved for artificial types of things.
Um, and I, again, I think what we're talking about tonight is very organic.
Um, so you're, you're not wrong, but also I just, I just don't like using those labels
that typically go for things like, you know, like Amazon sellers paying you to boost reviews
and stuff like that.
This is obviously from a much different place.
Um, and I thought it was just a nice little follow-up, uh, and a reminder, if you haven't
picked up waves or waves to Nash chance, they're free on steam.
All right.
With that, we move into the listener round table tonight, and we welcome your calls over
at vog network.com slash discord.
Uh, you can join the green room if you'd like to be on the show tonight and we'll get to
some of your calls.
We would usually also get to your emails, but I believe we don't have any tonight.
At least last I checked, we didn't have any emails.
So let's say, that's what I thought.
So, uh, participate at orange laundry.com.
If you want to send us an email for a future week.
Uh, meanwhile, I will mention on Twitter because there's a, I know there was a follow-up to
last week's email because Ziba tweeted, I don't remember.
She just tweeted at me or she tweeted the OLR account.
She might've just tweeted it at me, but I'm going to repeat it.
Anyway, that presentation of clue that's happening in final fantasy is getting delayed.
They had to push it back a week.
So now I really can't see it because I'm going to be at dragon con.
It was supposed to be this last Saturday.
They pushed it back a week because the island sanctuary is so popular.
It's been hosing the servers and people are having problems getting into the housing wards.
So, uh, it's not like, it's not as bad as some of the server problems they've had, but
I think the people putting on this play kind of knew it's just going to make a bad situation
worse if we overdo that.
So they pushed it out a week.
So unfortunately I will have to wait and see the YouTube for that, um, which I really hope
somebody puts on YouTube or at least a VOD or something like that.
Cause I'd really love to see that.
At some point it sounds really cool.
So, um, but that's it for emails and tweets.
Um, but let me go to Loki and see if there's any last minute stories tonight.
Maybe I did have one thing that's just a fun little mention.
So there is a brand new mod for Spiderman for PC.
Cause you gotta love those Spiderman.
Oh no, not after last week, but I, if you're bringing it up, then this one's got to be
better than the tone from last week.
It allows you to play as Kermit the Frog.
And it looks amazing.
To which I would say, yay!
Time for the flail.
As the show on her mountain chat says, yes, that mod is amazing.
So yes.
Questbuster chat says your friendly neighborhood frog.
Yes.
They, then there's of course other ridiculously borderline offensive mods where like, it's
not like offensive bad, like kind of like really, uh, where someone has modded uncle
Ben's gravestone as your playable character and it's remastered.
It's just stupid.
It's yeah, it's probably in poor taste, but a very different type of poor taste than what
we were talking about last week.
So the current, the frog though, that's, that's hilarious.
Yeah, no, I love that.
That's, that's, that's the absurdest shit that mods are for.
Thank you very much.
Me, Kermit.
I can't, I couldn't help but start thinking of the, uh, sense of me a street.
Listen, frog.
Kermit!
And the number R.
Um, oh, S2100Matt had said something about this to me on Twitter.
Since we didn't get emails tonight, we can do drag race talk and believe it.
S2100Matt is bringing up drag race.
So SSJ100Matt says, speaking of drag race, Sarah Nurse, who is a Canadian hockey star
and is a guest judge on Canadian drag race is now the first woman to be on an NHL game
cover with another player.
Well, we're going to give the gold star of the night to SSJ100Matt for being the first
listener in recent memory anyway, that has successfully connected drag race to video
games.
Thank you.
And actually made drag race a relevant topic of discussion here on Orange Lawn's radio.
Kudos to you.
I will take a step back though.
And there was the drag queen fighting game that we brought up.
There was.
That's why I said in recent memory and not that a listener brought up.
And hockey and hockey and hockey.
That's true.
That's true.
You've tied all this.
So though I can tell you now that it's been a week out, uh, for celebrity drag race.
I didn't watch this last episode yet, but I was shook last week.
Because you know who it was?
I, I heard.
Yeah.
Well, I haven't watched, but I get spoiled on Twitter.
So I can say it.
Sure.
Why not?
It was Taylor Dane.
I'm like, Holy shit.
I had a feeling it was, it was like a nineties singer.
It's like that the voice she carries herself, that could be Taylor Dane.
And I was like, Oh, although I know who a few of the others are.
So I'm just saying, I'm pretty sure I know who they are.
Taylor.
Day was on the mass singer recently too.
She didn't win.
But, um, it's nice to see her making a comeback of sorts on all these C-list reality shows.
Cause I always wondered like she was, she was huge in the nineties and like disappeared.
Um, what?
I had to do a sad thing though.
I had to tell Elsie who new kids on the block were.
Oh no.
Oh, kids today.
Kids today.
But I love, I love Taylor Dane.
And if you've never heard the comic, um, and she's on star Trek too.
Randomly, Tig Notaro, you probably know who she is.
You know her.
If you saw her very famous, um, lesbian comic has this whole routine around Taylor Dane.
That's great.
And it's on YouTube and it's definitely worth a listen.
Oh, Rob, tell it to my heart.
Tell it I'm the only one.
Is this really love or is it, is it just a game?
Just a game.
We, when I was, gosh, was I in early high school?
Hold on, hold on.
Loki.
Do you know who Taylor Dana is?
Love will lead you back someday.
I just know that love will lead you back to my heart.
Yes.
Okay.
Taylor Dane, you ain't.
No, I'm not.
Can you believe I don't play karaoke games on stream?
I remember the one time I asked you to sing something at karaoke and I forgot that.
I didn't realize that it wasn't quite in your range.
I forgot how much that, uh, bird house in your soul has a weird key.
Oh yeah.
It doesn't have a weird key.
Yeah.
That was the last song I ever asked you to sing karaoke for me, uh, faces before they
started getting, you know, I, I, my go to, um, karaoke songs.
Are hand in my pocket by Alanis Morissette.
And I can pretty much see anything off a jagged little pill.
And I don't even need the words on the screen, uh, or ABBA.
What can I, what can I say?
Mine are band on the run by Paul McCartney and wings, but I love that song.
This is fun.
It's like three songs in one.
And, um, yeah.
And, um, she's trapped in here with me or am I trapped in here with her?
But, um, also, uh, lady fingers by Luscious Jackson.
Oh, that's a good song.
I love that song.
Yeah.
Those are like my big two.
Although I was in my car, I made myself a nineties, uh, girl playlist and I was belting
out crucify today and that might become my new song.
All right.
I love Tori Amos.
Cause you know, she was the, the, uh, tree in, uh, starstruck the beginning in the book.
She was the tree.
All right.
Well on those completely random tangent notes, let's go ahead and end this where it began
with tangents.
Uh, but before we get to our final thoughts, I want to say thank you as always for listening
to orange launch radio.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, or even if you didn't, you could still help
us spread the word cause you got this far in the show.
So, uh, tell a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word because we are the
show where every gamer has a voice and dang it.
We need more voices here on Sunday night.
Uh, we love the ones we have, including Michigan's mom, who is the biggest Taylor
Dane fan.
Well, well welcome.
Uh, you can get, you're in good company.
We love Taylor day, uh, even Loki.
So, uh, but help us expand our live audience.
Uh, tell a friend or two about the show.
Uh, podcast is great too.
A nice five star review.
Uh, we love our podcast listeners, a nice five star review on iTunes, Spotify, wherever
it is you found this show, those go an awful long way.
So we really appreciate those as well.
All right.
We will be back in two weeks, even though the sidebar says next week, I will be here
next week.
I mean, dark soccer might be streaming.
Loki might be streaming.
I don't know, but we will be streaming.
I will be doing, uh, I talked to, to finara and we're, we are going to be doing swifts.
We will invite anyone who wants to play a dead by daylight with us swell.
Um, at, at Showtime, which is free on PlayStation pluses, uh, thing right now, if, if you have
that and need the game.
So there's a lot of weight and you need a meat shield will be your meat shield.
All right.
There you go.
Um, that's, that's, uh, that's it.
Uh, let's, let's wrap up.
We'll see you again in two weeks.
Let's get final thoughts.
Uh, dark soccer.
I will start with you cause I know you are going to go stream here in a moment.
So they released the patch notes coming up for the new chapter and everything.
And I still don't think that's going to stop the camping and tunneling situation.
They just need to make it to where the struggle timer stops.
Uh, in relation to proximity of killer to hook in the story.
I agree.
All right.
Have a good one.
Happy surviving later tater.
All right.
And let's go to Loki and your final thought tonight.
Uh, I'm hoping to get an episode out this week.
It's been a while.
It's been a few weeks, but that's because I'm building a very large build.
It is the large it's large.
It's very large.
Uh, my final thought is I cannot wait for dragon con.
I'm so excited to be back home.
I know it's going to be another kind of kind of weird year.
Last year was a really weird year, but I still had a lot of fun.
This year is going to be kind of a weird year.
But we're, we're slowly getting back to what it used to be.
I hope everybody has a great and safe dragon con.
Can't wait to meet people.
And I hope whatever you're doing labor day weekend.
I know I won't shut up about dragon con cause that's what I do, but whatever you do during
labor day weekend, I hope you have a good one.
I hope you have a lot of fun.
Stay safe.
And if nothing else, tell it to my heart.
Tell it I'm the only one.
Is this really love or just a game?
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
Thank you.
