It's pronounced Koch Media.
This week, we have a headline about Sunsoft announcing that they'll announce news this
week!
Seriously, that's the whole article.
They included a single quote from the press release and the About Sunsoft block, and that's
it.
Yeah.
This is just one headline before the headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about
their favorite memories of Sunsoft and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right
now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Jason, it's what we call a slow news week.
Oh, hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with you once again for episode number 926 of our show for August the 14th
of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am joined by my co-hosts.
First off, showing off her merch and the hook of shame.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
I was actually just stretching.
Oh, I thought you were doing a product placement.
Well, how about that?
How do you like my Pikachu I've got on my shirt here?
Not my merch, though.
I think Nintendo would shut me down immediately if I try, or a Pokemon company, if I tried
to do a Pikachu shirt.
Although I'm pretty sure I might be leaving my current merch location, so we'll see.
You know what?
We still have to set up a new VOG store.
We kind of never really got around to that once we closed the old one, so lots to look
forward to.
There's another one that Elsie uses that I'm going to ask about that apparently they don't
have as big of a selection, but they've got really good material.
Okay, I'm all for like material and solid shirt, because you remember back in the day,
and I'm not even sure if this company is still around.
Was it Cafe-E-Press or Cafe-Press or something?
It was called Cafe-Press, and they're still around.
Oh, are they still around?
Sorry.
Now, disclaimer, I haven't used this site in like 10 years, but I just remember it was
the first site that everybody would print their own shirts on, and it was a big printing
on demand industry.
Those shirts were terrible, because the logos would rub off the first time you washed the
shirt.
They did not last.
I'm a fan of Redbubble.
They have the ringer shirts now, and I think that that's really cool.
I'm looking at Cafe-Press right now, and they have bumper stickers and different things,
so I might look into that.
Also joining us, Techmaster Loki, who's dying to say something here, what?
Don't go to Redbubble.
Their quality is very inconsistent, seriously, because our group, them with Channel 64, we
were looking at doing merchandise, and Redbubble was one of the places that we looked at, and
we ordered several shirts from them.
Some were okay, some were terrible, and it was just inconsistent.
The printing was offset.
It wasn't just ... It was very inconsistent.
It's a bummer.
And not great.
It's a bummer, because I actually like the quality of the shirts on the store we were
at before, before everything went 180 over there, so it's unfortunate.
Also, well, I use StreamElements when I stream, and I might check out their merch store.
I'm looking around for reviews and stuff like that, so we'll see.
Well, hey, you know what-
Oh, we use StreamLabs, that's right.
Once in a while, we get spammed with t-shirt stores, and usually I just kind of let them go,
because I'm like, eh, they email all the podcasts.
But you know what?
If you want t-shirt shops, if you spam us this week and use the secret word ... What's
the secret word?
The secret word is rainbow, okay?
If you use the secret-
I don't know.
If you use the secret word rainbow in your email, then I'll know it's not a spam email.
So if you have a t-shirt store offer, send that over.
All right.
Oh, Jason suggested cookies.
Okay, rainbow cookies, then I'll read every word.
I just found something terrible out.
What's that?
That game that you were talking about on Bobby's show is on Mac.
Oh, I'm going to be talking about it here tonight in a minute.
Stay tuned for our gaming weeks.
But first, let's get into the kickoff topic tonight, which has to do with a game that's
coming out soon that I think a lot of people are looking forward to.
I know I am, and it's Splatoon 3, and there was a direct for Splatoon 3 this week, and
kind of culminated with the announcement of a Splatfest world premiere multiplayer
demo on August 27th.
There was a 30-minute Splatoon 3 direct video presentation.
I'm going to be honest.
I did not watch the whole thing.
I skimmed it because those things come out too early in the day for me to watch the whole
thing.
I have to work and stuff.
But I took a look at the highlights, and they kind of went over like, these are the
characters that are going to be in the story.
This is what the turf war is all about.
Salmon Run is coming back.
Here's some new stages.
But what I thought was interesting is that this new Splatfests are going to be three.
So you know how everything before was two.
It was like, Ketchup and Mayonnaise was one of them.
Well, as if there was any question which team I was on with that.
The Ketchup and Mayonnaise was one of them.
Oh, I'm trying to think of some of the other...
Did they ever do over the roll or under the roll?
I don't know if Splatoon ever did that.
No, because they know that there's only one answer to that.
There is no debate.
But that or it's a hot dog, a sandwich.
You know, those are the types of things that they would do in...
Oh, Dark Tetsuya says that over under was actually a UK one, he thinks.
I wouldn't be surprised, but it would be too controversial here.
But anyway, the big twist is now they're three choices.
So they're three teams because it's Splatoon 3, right?
So the preview Splatfest is going to be Team Rock, Paper or Scissors.
That's a hard one.
I'm thinking I'm going to go with Team Scissors because, you know, we'll cut you.
But I don't know.
I could also see like Team Paper is going to write a bunch of shit about you.
Team Rock, Rocks.
I don't know.
They're going to throw themselves at you.
But Team Rock doesn't live in a glass house.
You know, I don't know like what types of things.
But, you know, people are going to get creative with those little banners that they're going
to draw and that's the whole thing.
But I thought that that meant, oh, then that means all these PVPs are going to be like
three team maps now.
That would be really cool because like Final Fantasy XIV's PVP has some of that and it
lets you do some different stuff.
But it's not really like that.
So what happens is that in the first half of the Splatfest, it's still 4v4 turf war
battles, but the second half now that's a tricolor turf war and the three teams all
fight at the same time.
But the first place team does a four in the center and the second and third place team
do two and two in a pincher attack.
So that's kind of interesting.
So there is like tricolor matches.
And I actually think that's kind of an interesting little twist on the formula is just why does
it have to be just two teams?
Why not three teams full of color?
So I think that's going to be very interesting.
That alone made me very interested in like, OK, that's kind of a very simple, but like
it's going to it's going to lead to some new things.
So, yeah, I'm excited to see kind of where that goes.
They also are talking about new weapons.
So there's a new bow, the tri stringer that can fire in three directions at once.
There's a splatana wiper.
So like not a katana, but a splatana where you throw ink basically by swinging the katana.
Look, it's a video game.
Don't try to put like actual physics and logic into it.
It's how it works.
And special weapons that you get after inking enough turf, including the tecta cooler where
a fridge appears with stat boosting beverages.
That's kind of fun.
And I'm surprised they didn't try to do like a tie in with an actual drink there, a wave
breaker for waves and so on and so on.
It just sounds like it's going to be really neat.
The lobby's back.
Your friends appear as 3D holograms.
You can join us an alley or drop out as an opponent.
You know, whatever you need to do there.
So it's just it's neat.
And there's new amiibo coming.
The yellow inkling, the blue octoling and a small fry will be there for fifteen ninety
nine each.
And if you scan the amiibo, you get to save gear combinations.
And some amiibo, of course, have exclusive gear because they've got to convince you to
keep buying all that stuff somehow.
Also, one more thing.
I mean, it was a 30 minute presentation after all at PAX West, which used to be PAX Prime,
but now it's just PAX West because, you know, there's PAX East, PAX South.
So PAX West on September 5th, the top players from the Splatoon 2 Inkopolis showdown will
go to Seattle to complete in the first ever Splatoon 3 Invitational.
I think that's kind of interesting because it just shows, again, Nintendo kind of just
slithering a little more into that e-sports realm that I feel in part they've been very
resistant to for a long time.
But then, of course, we heard the news about what's that company, Panda, that they started
teaming up with for the Super Smash Brothers official tournaments and all that stuff.
So it's just it's just interesting to see Nintendo start to kind of go down that road
a little more, even though they really should have got on board with e-sports some time
ago.
But, you know, better late than pregnant, I guess.
So there's that.
So I got that one.
Dark Soccer.
Just Dark Soccer.
I count on you to always catch a Golden Girls reference.
All right.
Anyway, Loki, what did you think?
Jamie, I don't know if you have thoughts, but either thoughts on Splatoon 3?
I didn't watch it.
I didn't play the second one.
Like, I didn't really play the second one too much.
I remember getting it, but like, I don't think I ever played it.
Well, the weird.
OK, so what was funny, I will say this.
When I was at Target the other day, I was talking to Alan about Splatoon 3.
I was like, oh, yeah, Splatoon 3 is like the next big release on the Switch.
It's coming.
And he cracked a joke.
He said, oh, is that another one for them to support for six months before they pull
the plug on it?
And I was like, oh, wig.
OK, like, we're here to read today because that is kind of what happened with Splatoon
2 is that it wasn't supported quite as long as you would have thought, especially when
you put it side by side with Mario Kart 8 right now.
OK, so now granted, you know, the team went on to make Splatoon 3 and maybe they're just,
you know, making the fully realized game there.
But it is a decent read that like Splatoon 2 kind of came and went as far as the support
goes.
And Mike Dev said Splatoon 2 had two years of support, if I recall correctly.
Fair enough.
But it didn't seem like it was as long as number one, that's for sure.
I don't know.
It seemed like those flat fests didn't hang out quite as long.
But, you know, perception is everything, whether it's the truth or not.
Right.
That's how it goes in the video game industry.
So, yeah.
I'll be perfectly honest right now.
Dead by Daylight takes enough of my time.
Well, you know, and that's for any kind of online multiplayer versus situation.
Well, and that's like the ever going conundrum in gaming right now in general is that games
as a service, which I would say in some ways Dead by Daylight is, because the constant
DLC support, the constant patches, the battle passes, it's games as a service, right?
Yeah.
Never say behavior hasn't kept up with their product.
But you could throw into that same bin things like Overwatch, Fortnite, Call of Duty, hell,
anything with a battle pass really fits in that system.
But because we invest so much time now in these games as a service, and I would say
I'm just as guilty, not just Dead by Daylight, but like Final Fantasy 14, MMOs, the original
game as a service, right?
Like those games take so much of our time, that's what allows our backlogs to build up
because we're so focused on staying on the cutting edge of, you know, whatever's being
released in the battle pass and whatever our number one, our main game is.
So it's just interesting.
I feel like maybe it's Dead by Daylight for you, but a lot of people have this problem
with some game out there.
For Loki, it's Minecraft, you know?
For me, it's Final Fantasy and a little bit of everything.
So, and Bobby Blackwolf says, yeah, that's one of the reasons I did let my Final Fantasy
14 sub lapse.
And yeah, I have to force myself to play other games sometimes.
Luckily, 14 is in a bit of a content lull right now because we're between patches.
And the 14 team does a very good job staying on top of patches.
So like they're not as bad as, wow.
But, you know, we're still about two weeks out from the next Final Fantasy 14 patch.
So I still have a good two weeks to get in, you know, a bunch of other games.
But once that Final Fantasy 14 patch comes out, that's going to take over my gaming week
for at least a month while I explore everything in that patch.
And with that island sanctuary coming, they're putting like farm simulator into, I don't
know if it's Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon.
I don't know which one of those they're going for in Final Fantasy, but they're putting
one of those in that game.
And that's going to be a time sink for sure.
It's all of them.
Yeah, so let's see.
And Mike Deft bring in the receipts saying Splatoon, excuse me, Nintendo released Splatoon
2's final significant update version 5.0 in July 2019.
The update signaled the end of the game's post launch support, which continued for two
years since the Switch shooters initial release.
Well, I guess it did get longer support than most EA games.
So let's give them a round of applause for that.
You know, at least there is that.
But again, it's still hard to look at Splatoon 2 next to like Mario Kart 8 or hell, what's
another game that got DLC out of nowhere?
There was a game not long ago that Nintendo just put out new DLC out of nowhere and it
was like, what?
Like they're doing this game again for some reason?
Okay, cool.
Like it just came out.
I think it was Mario Kart 8.
Was it Mario?
I guess I thought there was another one that they did not that long ago where I was like,
all right, cool.
They decided to do something new for this game.
And so maybe it was Mario Strikers.
I don't know.
But yeah, it was Mario Party because of the online content.
They just suddenly one day were like, oh yeah, we're just going to patch in online play that
everybody's been wanting.
Like it was Mario Party.
That's what I was thinking.
Guys, we figured out what online was now.
So, you know, one of our interns helped us out with that.
Now we decided to go ahead and put it in the game.
Anyway, I did not mean to talk down on Splatoon 2.
I feel like I've ruffled the feathers of the Splatoon fans in chat.
That's not what I was trying to do, but I'm excited for Splatoon 3.
I am.
I think I like it more than a lot of shooter games, to be honest, because I like the twist
on the fact that it's not like, you know, trying to get headshots necessarily.
I mean, I guess you can, but it's more about like the paint and the strategy of, you know,
even if I don't necessarily want to go right after people, what is the best way for me
to use my paint supply to have an impact on the team?
You know, there's, there's, there's a different way to think about it.
And I kind of, I kind of like that.
And the whole like swimming is kind of a neat mechanic too.
I just, there, there's, there's unique things that Splatoon brings to the table where I
think it's really unfair to look at it.
It's just, oh, it's a kid shooter.
I think it has more depth than that.
So, Phil of Nine in chat says, do not come for Splatoon, Rob.
I've got my roller and my splat gun aimed at your booty.
That's okay.
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says, we can all agree.
They're supporting all of these better than F-Zero right now as an actually releasing
something.
That hurt, but thank you.
Ow.
The truth hurts sometimes.
The truth hurts.
The truth hurts.
We always hurt the ones we love.
Right.
Let's get into speaking of the things we love.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and probably those games as a service that has held our
attention this week.
Let's go with Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
Well, I mentioned earlier, I started a Final Fantasy IV.
I'm actually playing a translated copy, which I am entitled to do so because I own both
the Japanese and the English versions.
So I started with that.
I forgot, though, like the difference in graphics between that one and six, even with five.
So when I'm done with Final Fantasy IV, I will be moving on to Final Fantasy V so I
can play as Butts.
His name is Butts.
Or Bartz.
I always say Butts.
Wasn't the unofficial translation Butts, so that's what most of us know.
But it was supposed to be Bartz.
Yeah, yeah, it's not like that.
Which now makes me think of Berserk.
But no, that was Gatsu.
Never mind.
Batsu is from Project Justice, our rival schools.
Same, same, same series.
I played a little bit more of Hooked on You.
It's cute.
I enjoy it.
I just bought that Lamb game.
I'm mad now.
Why are you mad?
Because I paid money for the full version.
Would you say you've joined a cult?
Never.
Never.
A gaming cult?
I'm investigating a cult.
She's starting a cult investigation podcast and she needs to be on the front lines.
It's called What the Fuck Is This Game After All?
I can't believe that there's a game called Max Gentlemen's Sexy Business, by the way.
I just think that's funny.
There's a lot of games.
Somebody was just saying in our Discord before the show over at vog network dot com slash
Discord.
Oh, I can't bring it up.
But because it'll make my co-host faces disappear.
But it was something about like, like a furry fighter.
So there's something really.
It sounded interesting.
Now I got to look it up.
It's going to bother me if I.
Corky in chat said over Discord at vog network dot com slash Discord said, I can't believe
you missed this in the new releases last week.
Linking to furry sex poker.
That was it.
And I'm like, you know what?
Not every Steam game makes our release date calendar.
And sometimes that's a blessing.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I just don't think that's something we
need to get into in this fine family program that we have.
There's also just like too many Steam games, honestly.
And they're all furry sex a little bit, aren't they?
There's a lot of them.
It's not anything new.
It's true.
Furry sex is not a new concept.
Anyway, moving on.
Well, anyway, there's also another game coming out that I super want called Vikings on Trampolines.
And I'm really hoping that they do a Mac version.
I actually left them some feedback hoping so.
I also did some experimentation.
So I'm not sure if you're familiar with an app called Crossover.
But Crossover is a thing to play PC applications in general.
Not play, but use PC applications on Mac OS.
And they finally have the M1 update in there.
So I installed Steam through that.
And then I tried to do VHS, and it wouldn't run it.
And so I tried to do Dead by Daylight, and it started to run it.
It actually got past the anti-cheat.
And then it was like, API error.
But I'm like, so I'm kind of back to square one with some of my stuff.
I need a good graphics card.
So there's that experimentation.
Do you want the graphics card for my old PC?
Um, sure.
How old is it?
Um, five-ish years.
Yeah, that could work.
I mean, it's good enough to run Dead by Daylight.
Yeah, I played Dead by Daylight on the old machine.
I mean, it wasn't the best ever, but it worked.
Sure, certainly worth giving a shot.
That means then the only other thing that I'll need is
I'll just have to get a new KVM switch
so I can use my monitor and all my accessories.
Yeah, I'd appreciate that.
Thank you.
Yeah, sure, why not?
Um, but, um, um, I am, I, and by the way, I have used GeForce.
I much prefer Stadia for my streaming stuff.
I used, the extent of me using GeForce was, I played a couple of things,
but, um, mostly now it's just enough to load up my PC copy of Dead by Daylight
so that I can log in and make sure that it's properly linked to my behavior account.
Um, like my Stadia one is because, uh, those two have, uh, cross progression.
So all of the, um, the many, many cosmetics I've bought and all of my achievements will
carry over between both versions.
Um, I have, I signed up for Luna.
I actually was in the beta for Luna and it's all right.
Um, but I don't recall Dead by Daylight being on there.
I don't think it is.
I don't think VHS is either.
There's really nothing on there right now.
I'm, I'm super interested in playing.
Um, but, uh, as far as other things, I did beat Final Fantasy six earlier in the week.
Yay.
Congrats.
And of course, uh, the only thing I did not do that I wish I had done was, you know, put
the effort into giving Sid Goodfish so that he would live, but whatever.
Um, and, uh, I played my word game.
I'm like almost to like level 10,000.
I'm not even kidding.
I play that game a lot.
Um, and then I did like some words on stream with people.
I think that counts as a game.
Cause that game is kind of fun, but I don't play it against most people because not to
toot my own horn, but I'm really fucking good at it.
And I want to be fair to other people.
I don't want to monopolize all the points because I'm a word nerd.
Well, I do like that we're playing a Scrabble against Bobby.
I do like the words on stream has like a cool down.
Like you can only get one word every so many seconds.
So it's, it's hard to monopolize things.
When the majority of people are misspelling simple words.
Oh yeah.
Then, you know, well that's, yeah.
Got to look for those red underlines.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I don't know that they even care or see them, but it is what it is.
But anyway, that that's been most of my gaming.
Oh yeah.
And I did play, uh, some doctor who, and I played some world cup soccer.
All right.
For the record, the, the, uh, the clothing site is fourth wall.
Elsie just told me.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'll look into it.
Um, or you look into it and tell me how it is.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It's all Minecraft again.
That's, that's what I've been playing.
So put out a new episode, uh, earlier this week and just been kind of figuring out what
I want to do.
It's the typical cycle.
All right.
Fair enough.
What about the game plan behind you tonight on stream as we, uh, I don't think I've said
the typical plug yet as we do tape live every Sunday night, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock
Pacific at the voice geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
That's VOG network right after the Bobby black will show.
Who was talking about an amazing book series about, I I'm not going to get into the whole
thing or repeat the whole story, but it was like basically like learning to program basic
by like participating in a second person book series.
And you became like, it was really fascinating to me and I'm like, I wanted those books and
I was a kid.
Where were those?
Anyway, go, go listen to Bobby if you want to hear more about that.
Um, but what's the game plan behind you looking.
So it's a game called writing fights.
Um, no particular reason other than I saw it when I was looking for long plays of stuff
and it looked weird.
It's like, you know how every single one of those fighting games or not really fighting
is beat them up games had that level where you're on like a hoverboard or something like
that.
It was, it was like, Oh, you're on a hoverboard, but it really, it's just the same gameplay
again.
It's the mode seven level.
There's always going to be a mode seven level in any like super Nintendo game.
Exactly.
So this entire game is basically that, but what's funny though is like, you're actually,
you can like fight, um, cars and stuff like that.
It's just ridiculous.
Okay.
It looked weird.
Good times.
Oh, I picked it.
All right.
Uh, let's see my gaming week.
So, um, okay.
So I, I've been teasing it enough.
I also played cult of the lamb for the first time.
I had to play something new this week because I was going to be coming into this show again,
going, I played some more dead by daylight.
I played some more Final Fantasy 14.
I play all the same shit I always play, but I was like, all right, I want to play something
new.
So I checked out this cult of the lamb game because I had heard the talk about, Oh, it's
like animal crossing, but instead of animal crossing cute characters, you're trying to
get them all to join a cult.
And if they like try to disobey you, you kill them and you bury them in the back of
the compound.
No.
Well, okay.
So here's the thing.
I think that headline about the, um, animal crossing ask element of it that came from
a Kotaku article getting my hands on the game.
I actually don't think it's really, it's, it's like animal crossing.
The only thing it has in common with animal crossing is this cute animal characters.
I think that's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The game itself feels a little more like the binding of Isaac.
I think would be a good comparison for the, um, rogue like element meets don't starve
for the crafting element and kind of building the village area.
And that's the part that I think people are comparing a little bit to animal crossing,
but I'm like, I feel like animal crossing.
No, like it's just, I don't know how to explain it, but it's just a totally different vibe
in animal crossing.
Uh, this game, obviously the whole like cute characters joining a cult.
I mean, it's, it's, it's selling the game on concept really.
Cause I'm going to be honest, like the, the rogue like park part and the city building
part are not particularly novel games, either one of them.
They're not doing anything the genre hasn't seen before.
It's just the way they're doing it and the way they're implementing it.
And I will say, I think one of the smartest big brain things the developers did, and I'm
not saying, by the way, I want to make this very clear.
I'm not saying that makes it a bad game.
No, of course not.
Like comfort food is comfort food.
Sometimes relying on these old tricks and old genres is a great thing.
I think the big brain stuff these developers did were all the Twitch integrations that
they did, which if I'm not mistaken, allow the followers to be people that are watching
your channel.
It's it's simple, but it's brilliant.
It's fucking brilliant because I'll tell you, I'm looking at my Twitch list right
now.
There's three people streaming that game.
Nobody knew about this game two weeks ago, and now it's becoming the hot, the hot new
must have on Twitch.
I know it's getting through the Dead by Daylight community.
Cause that has to be how Dark Sakura saw it on Twitch and got convinced to buy it once
she saw it ran on her system.
I don't know.
That's or was it something else?
It was literally you mentioning it.
Oh, my impact.
Thank you.
Well, I saw that it runs on Mac.
I was like, okay, I'll do it.
I'm supporting more companies that are doing content for Mac.
Fair.
I did see Isaaco streaming it last night, so I figured maybe he's seen them streaming
it or something.
I know there's been other DVD streamers have played.
I started playing at 8 30 and stopped streaming at two in the morning, which for me is unheard
of.
That's pretty late.
Yeah.
And by the time I went to bed, I just super passed out.
And like, if not for Dan waking me up, I probably would have kept sleeping.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream in chat says one of my animals asked me if he could eat some poop.
So I cooked him a bowl of poop and he ate it.
Quest complete.
It's those types of the face Dark Sakura just made.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I had to explain that for the podcast, folks.
But yeah, yeah, I guess that is something.
Well, but I guess, you know, cleaning up your cult members poop is part of the game.
And that's I didn't know you could feed it back to them.
That's.
Well, many animals eat their own crap.
I guess so.
All right.
There's a lot of people who will eat their own crap.
And I mean that metaphorically.
But it's wild shit like that, literally, which is why everybody's talking about this game
right now, because again, the the the game element of the game is is for all intents
and purposes, a tired formula at this point.
It's like a roguelike and a sim game.
What a tired fucking formula format at this point.
But this game pulls it off because it says, well, what if we do something really sick
and twisted with it?
Yes.
That's it.
That's that's the guy.
Any original ideas anymore?
Just original executions.
Yeah.
And that and that's what it is.
It's the execution.
It's the building in that Twitch integration from the because I believe this game is still
early access.
So it's literally Twitch integration at the ground level.
And I saw it was called out in chat that the Twitch stuff is still buggy.
Of course it is.
But it doesn't matter that type of stuff, especially like, you know, being able to have
your viewers be in your village and cooking dishes for them and all that stuff like that
is funny.
And that is, you know, that is building community one way or another.
So it's it's just like the execution of it.
I think it's a very good way to put it.
The genre tired, been done better before the execution, a plus.
That's that's where they've nailed it.
That's what it is.
So that was my thoughts on Cult of the Lamb.
The only other new ish thing I did this week, so Loki to follow up on your stories from
last week, I went to round one locally on Friday, so I got to see the new round one.
It was it was OK.
But also, I think because you said this to the BeatMania 2DX machines, one of them was
broken and it was in pieces.
Like literally they're they're trying to it looked like to me that they're trying to
replace the because it has the old school levers on it and the other machine has the
actual touch pad that the newer 2DX machines have for all the equalizer and all the additional
functionality.
It looked to me like they're trying to switch the old one to one of those or something.
But it just maybe it surprised me that it was so broken the first week.
Otherwise, like I'm just my back was super hurting and I don't know why I must have pulled
a muscle in it on Friday or something.
So like there was no way I really wanted to play DDR and take a picture and send it to
YYR.
But the way my back was feeling, that was not going to happen.
And there was too many people around where I didn't even want to play the easy stuff.
But I did play some BeatMania 2DX and Shane was making fun of me because I was playing
Boomer songs in 2DX, but I don't care.
I'm yes, I am going to play Burning Heat from 7th style.
And I think I think I played Rizlim from 5th style or 4th style like I was playing old
shit.
And yes, I love.
But the problem is my skill level has regressed completely.
Like I failed.
I did In My Eyes.
You remember that song?
In my eyes.
So I have some complicated note patterns, but that song used to be like easy.
I failed it.
I was like, OMG, this is sad, but it's just going to take practice.
Otherwise, the round one itself was fine.
I didn't love how they had all the music games shoved in one corner.
It also felt like there wasn't as much like the games were tightly packed in.
There wasn't as much space to move around the games as there is in other round ones
that I've been to.
That was the other weird thing for me is I was like, dang, this place is like packed
in tight here.
But I mean, I guess like, can you fault an arcade for wanting to maximize the real estate
that they have?
I don't think I can.
But yeah, and when you kind of look at like what music games they have side by side with
any other round one, it's pretty comparable.
I mean, yeah, I noticed Dance Rush was missing, but they had two of those other ones.
Was that a Hatsune Miku dance game or something?
I don't know.
Dance Around is what it's called.
I don't know.
It looks stupid.
Oh, yeah, they did have the Hatsune Miku.
I don't know that one was either, but that almost looked like sort of like Para Para,
but not.
I don't know.
I just looked over and I swear I saw Hatsune Miku in it.
Yeah, so they have like two of those two, but they had two of the dance arounds, which
looks like like an evolution of dance evolution that they put out the one that's like sort
of kind of, you know, actually what it reminds me of now that I think of it, it's a little
bit like just dance almost like they have it where you have to strike a certain pose
that's what it looks like.
Yeah, it looks like it's like a just dance or I don't remember a dance evolution too
much.
So I don't remember if it was like that because I remember that game was like similar to Para
and they had like Para songs in it.
But no, I had no interest in playing dance around.
And there's two of them.
I liked that.
What was that circle cross or something?
The cross circle, the giant circle.
It looked like it looked like it was a sequel to cross beats because you tap on the screen
and you spin this circle with the giant button.
Yeah, Chrono circle.
That's it.
Thank you, Dark Tetsuya.
That one looked really cool.
I didn't have a chance, but it was actually really crowded when we went.
So the arcades doing well for what it's worth.
So as Joe and Hunter Matt says, did you play any of the claw games for some sweet plushes?
Round ones are the only place where I've been able to win claw games, mostly because they
give hints on how to win.
That is my husband's department.
I very rarely touch those things, but my husband, my husband will play the claw games online.
Like suddenly we'll like a big stuffed animal will show up at the door and I'm like, were
you playing those fucking claw games online again?
No, they just said this to me by accident.
No, I won a prize.
I do have to admit round one crane games are fairly easy, but nothing beats the cheap claw
game in the Walmart and Lodi where I had to get a lot of plastic bag to carry home my
plushies.
Yeah, I was going to say there was a lot of people with plushies when I went through that
one time.
They had a lot of people playing the crane games, which I'm surprised because I always
thought those are kind of a rip off.
I had to replace my amusement pass, though, which made me sad.
But I realized I lost my other one in the move, but and I'm not sure like I have mine,
but I couldn't get to work because it was asking me for a pin.
And then I used the pin that I normally use.
And I was like, it didn't work.
So I'm like, Oh, weird.
I was able to register mine.
Okay.
But I did it on the 2DX machines.
I don't know.
And they translated some of 2DX to English, but not all of it, which is weird.
Like you'll see these screens in English and you'll see some in Japanese.
And I'm like, it's kind of typical, though.
Then they did that.
Sounds like DDR.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I just I've never seen it would be meaning a 2DX.
That's the thing that was weird to me.
So anyway, enough local arcade chat.
But it was it was the thing that I went and did.
I wasn't there very long, all things considered, because then it was like, let's go to the
cheesecake factory.
So we did.
But I was around one for a little bit.
And it was it was the I'd go again, but I'll probably go during the week when there's likely
to be less people there.
It was just very crowded.
School is starting up.
So I'm excited.
I'm excited.
Go home and do your schoolwork, kiddos.
All right.
Like allegedly, I mean, I don't know, because there's conflicting times on their website
and on the door.
The door says they're open till 2 a.m. every day.
The website says they're open till midnight every day.
Yeah, I thought they were open until midnight.
And you have to go into the parking lot entrance, not the mall entrance.
Yeah, of course.
I mean, that makes sense.
So anyway.
All right.
That's it for our gaming weeks.
Let's get into some other news.
Oh, first, housekeeping, because I haven't plugged this in a little bit here on this
show, and I'm not even sure my co-hosts will remember, but we're not going to be here in
one, two, three weeks, Labor Day weekend, as is customary for me the last 10 years,
Dragon Con weekend.
So I will be in Atlanta at Dragon Con if you're in the area and you're down for conventions.
I understand everybody's got their own tolerance levels right now, and that's completely cool.
So I don't want to like say, be there or you suck.
Nope, I understand.
You got to do what's best for you.
But if you are going to be at Dragon Con in the area, come say hi.
I'm not talking about my panel schedule yet because things change right up until the last
minute.
They always do.
The app should be released this next week, I think.
And once it's released, I'll talk about my panels.
All I'm going to say this early, as usual, I have panels on digital media.
I'm always thankful that that track has me.
Thank you.
Thank you to Charles and everybody on the digital media crew.
We've got some fun panels on that this year.
Bobby submitted a new idea for VOG to lead.
And y'all are going to, when you hear who they put on that panel, you're going to be
like, what?
So we'll talk about that in a couple of weeks.
And I have some stuff on the gaming track.
Tentatively, I have a ballroom panel.
So I'll again be teasing that next week.
But that's if it's a ballroom, that means they're expecting a big crowd.
So there's that.
And then there's a third track, a mystery track that not literally the mystery track,
but I will reveal it next week.
And all I'm going to say is, if you had told me three years ago I would be working with
this track, I would have said, what?
But I'm very, very, very happy and excited about it.
So yeah.
Bobby says we both have ballroom panels this year.
If I'm not mistaken, Bobby, we have the exact same panel on different days.
Again, it's a panel where they're expecting to fill the room twice.
So I'm going to leave it at that.
It's exciting.
Jaskren in chat says, and Bobby will have the more full one.
Absolutely.
Because mine is on Monday.
And for most people, Dragon Con is over on Monday.
So but Bobby's will be more full.
But you know what?
I'm glad Bobby gets to have his moment because I had that huge Overwatch panel a couple of
years ago.
So this is going to be great for Bobby.
I'm really excited.
And I'm excited to do it too.
I'm just excited to have this opportunity.
So that's going to be in a few weeks.
So we will not be here the night of the fourth because I'll be at Dragon Con.
I imagine if DarkSakura is around, she'll be doing some streaming.
Loki will be working on the Minecraft vids and stuff.
So good stuff.
They've been talking about doing more streaming.
There's other people that I play with.
They stream a lot more than I do.
But I do want to get back into it.
I just have to find something to do.
It's probably gonna be just like, we're going down into a mine and doing all that stuff.
Maybe.
Maybe.
People still watch it.
We're talking about streamlines.
Yeah, because yeah, seriously.
Loki just played Dead by Daylight.
It's worked for the rest of us.
No, no.
All right.
Pod Culture says was going to try and do a one day visit to Dragon Con, but they aren't
selling single day passes online.
I think they were and they sold out fast.
They are not selling single day passes on site.
That is a change they made due to COVID.
Like, you know, they're trying to scale back the attendance a little bit.
And that's one way they're doing it is they're no longer selling badges at the door.
So that was a change they made to try to thin out the convention a little bit, which quite
frankly, versus like last year, it was weird because we were right in the midst of the
Delta wave and all that stuff.
But masks were required as they're required this year.
I was directly in front of somebody who had COVID.
I didn't get COVID at the con because everybody was masked up.
It was fabulous.
So but I loved last year that the convention was like only half full and it was beautiful
to be able to walk around and go wherever you needed to go without bumping into people.
So yeah.
Oh, Pod Culture says I get why.
Just by the time I found out I could swing it a day, it was too late.
I'm sorry, Pod Culture.
Sorry.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, so let's get into some more gaming news and talk about what's going on.
We'll start with Loki.
What's in the news this week?
So, um, well, Activision wants, or I should say Activision Blizzard wants to let you know
that there's good news.
They have gotten rid of loot boxes in Overwatch 2.
And you know, when they're always giving you good news like that, that it's not really
good news, because if it was good news, they wouldn't be happy about it.
So in this case, they're replacing the loot boxes that were in the game forever with the
battle pass system that they have now.
My thought is because one, they're probably making more money off of the battle pass system,
which is why they're doing it in the first place.
And also because they can put out a press release like this and say, look, we're not,
you know, we're not making it by loot boxes.
So, um, but loot boxes themselves though, will be done with, uh, very soon, actually
in October, which I think is when, uh, Overwatch 2 is coming out.
Um, and then they said that, uh, loot boxes that players are sitting on will automatically
open before the launch of Overwatch 2.
Cause, Oh yeah, that's right.
Cause didn't they have loot boxes, but like the keys cost money is what it was.
No, you, you would get some loot boxes.
Like every time you level up, you'd get a loot box or an event loot box or something
like that.
Um, and then, um, you could also buy and get a lot of cosmetics that way, which people
would like to do during the holiday events, because it was the only way to get some of
the legendary skins or in loot boxes.
But of course we all know the controversy behind loot boxes.
So Blizzard's kind of walking away from that a little bit because they see a different
way to make money on this game.
And I think in general, people just kind of seem to like the battle pass stuff better
than the loot boxes.
This is, that's exactly what Dead by Daylight has in it is the battle pass system and it
works.
So I'm, I'm sure it's going to work fine for Overwatch as well, to be honest.
Probably.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, um, now some folks in chat are saying there's still loot boxes.
You just can't buy it.
Does that mean you still get like a free like thing every time you level up or do like,
if you're queuing is something in need, sometimes you get a loot box.
I don't remember all the different ways you get it.
But, um, is that still all going to be available or are they sunsetting that as well in favor
of like a premium currency or something like, cause that would exactly be dead by daylight
in that case.
No, they just basically said that loot boxes will no longer be available for sale at the
after the end of anniversary remix three event on August 30th.
And then, um, you, it says, uh, earn and purchase anniversary loot boxes through the event.
So they're still doing stuff that you can earn.
Um, I guess it's just going to be for purchase.
It looks like, okay.
Since it says there will not be available for sale, but I'm sure that if they're giving
them away for free, nobody is necessarily complaining about that.
Um, that they'll probably still be doing something similar for that, but like you just can't
purchase them.
Yeah.
I see them as just walking away from this controversy at the time when their company
is surrounded in controversy anyway.
And going to something that the industry seems to have accepted a little more, um, for, for
what it is.
And I know I keep referencing dead by daylight, but that's just cause it's the game, you know,
both our soccer and I are all in on that and we play it a lot, but certainly there are
plenty of other games to do battle passes.
Like Fortnite is a huge example too.
Uh, what the call of duty even has their own battle, but like it's a very, very common
system in games now, dead by daylight.
Doesn't do a battle pass.
What would you call it?
You just buy the episodes or the DLC, but you don't have to have them to play or to
play against those killers or with those other survivors.
It's more of a pay to unlock, not necessarily like a battle pass system.
Well, if you don't, if you don't buy the pass, you can still play the game.
You just don't have access to some of the content.
That's like, well, like I'm thinking of like the rift pass or whatever is all cosmetics.
That's all it is cosmetics.
They don't like put killers or anything in there, but like in Overwatch, that's what
they're doing too.
They're not going to lock any characters in the battle pass or anything.
It's all just cosmetics.
I just, I don't think of it as a battle pass.
Yeah.
Mike Defton Chat says you need to be playing a whole lot and you get three weekly boxes
for winning nine matches.
That is a lot of matches.
It doesn't sound like a lot, but it is, especially when you have to win them.
All right.
I mean, I'll probably try the new Overwatch when it comes out.
I don't know.
Like it's just one of those add it to the backlog of things I got to play.
We'll see.
So, all right, moving on.
Let's talk about some of the news that THQ Nordic put out this week.
So they had their own little showcase that was online and some of the things that they
talked about were Alone in the Dark.
They're going to be doing a reimagining of Alone in the Dark from 1992.
We don't know a whole lot about it, but apparently it does bring over concepts
and characters from the original trilogy.
They look good.
Yeah.
But I'm not sure.
I don't think it's supposed to be a remake.
I think it's more like a relaunch or a retelling or reboot.
It's like a remake.
How Resident Evil 7 is sort of like a remake of the Resident Evil series type of thing.
Gotcha.
It's kind of like a whole different take on it.
Let's put it this way.
It looks better than the last remake of Alone in the Dark.
Now, if you want to just have a straight up remake,
then you've got Destroy All Humans 2 re-probed.
They are just remaking that for PS5, the series consoles for Xbox and PC.
So that is happening.
Space for Sale is a game that they're going to be putting out where you, you know,
I love my space games and you do get to explore planets, build properties
and ensure the inhabitants of the planets are satisfied.
So it also uses procedurally generated landscape,
like another space game I really enjoy.
But I don't think it's quite as in-depth on that front as maybe No Man's Sky.
But it does look like a cute little space game.
It'd be cool.
Speaking of remakes, Gothic, the original 90s RPG,
the original Gothic game is getting a remake.
That's kind of cool.
So that's coming out for PS5 series and PC.
Jagged Alliance 3 is on its way.
In this strategy game, you get to operate mercenaries
and you get tactical strategy shown in the trailer.
This is the first Jagged Alliance game in 14 years.
Just heads up.
The Valiant was another game that they showed during this.
Again, it's an RTS type of game.
So there's a co-op mode in this game as well.
And a second player can drop in and out, which is kind of neat.
Tempest Rising was another game.
3D Realms is a part of this, and it's a military based RTS game.
It's a post a nuclear war game.
And you pick from one of three factions.
You gather resources, et cetera, et cetera.
Don't get me excited by saying Tempest.
Yeah, sorry.
Not that Tempest.
Different one.
Knights of Honor 2.
It's a game like Age of Empires or Civilization,
but you're doing your own medieval kingdom.
You appoint marshals and clerics and you ally with other nations
and kill those that aren't cooperating with you.
Outcast 2, a new beginning.
This is a sequel to the PC game from the 90s, Outcast.
Yes, all these decades later.
Outcast 2, a new beginning.
Slated for PS5, Xbox series, and PC.
A game called Recreation, spelled W-R-E-C-K, Recreation.
It's an open world racer.
I'm assuming maybe going for a little bit of that burnout vibe,
but it has the Loki factor.
Meaning players can build their own tracks and share them with users.
And speaking of the burnout connection,
Fiona Sperry and Alex Ward, who created Burnout, are behind this game.
So it's Burnout with a track editor.
So this is the Loki game.
Who's the other one that they just...
The other Burnout type game that was...
It was just like all the Crash Mode stuff, but it was its own game.
I don't remember, but it was okay.
Yeah, digital release.
I don't remember what it's called, but I didn't play it.
But yeah, I'll check it out.
Way of the Hunter, a hunting sim.
So if you've ever actually played Deer Hunter in a Walmart arcade,
this is probably a game up your alley.
If you haven't, then probably not.
Did you see the Big Buck Hunter that they had at round one with the Terminator stuff in there?
No, I didn't see that.
It's so messed up.
I'm like, Terminator?
What?
No, I saw the gigantic dot matrix looking puzzle bobble game, though.
Oh, yeah, that looks awesome.
I want to play that.
I watched Shane and his husband play that, and it looked silly.
And then there was a giant Kinect 4 game, and I was like, this is also silly.
So yeah, lots of silly ticket munchers in that game.
Anyway, let's see.
What else do we have?
Oh, hey, wrestling fans.
We have something for you.
AEW Fight Forever.
It's a wrestling game, and it's going to be shown at Gamescom 2022.
Another game called Stuntfest.
If you like to eject from cars, Stuntfest is for you.
The driver gets to be launched in the air and bounced off obstacles before going back
in their vehicles.
All right, a closed beta starting this weekend.
And it sounds like that almost sounds like burnout a little bit.
SpongeBob SquarePants, the Cosmic Shake is also coming out.
It's coming out for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, so it's lagging behind a generation,
but it is a SpongeBob SquarePants game.
And then at the very, very end, they teased a South Park game, but that's all we know.
But I would assume it's not a role playing game because that's Ubisoft's area.
So I don't care.
It'll be awesome.
So I could see why they'll do the SpongeBob stuff for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It's the sibling consoles now.
Yeah, or you handed it down to your children's bedroom consoles.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Plus the newer stuff, even though we make fun of Sony for backwards compatibility,
sometimes the reality is PlayStation 5 will play all the PS4 games.
So it's not like you can't say SpongeBob isn't available on PS5.
It is in backwards compatibility mode.
So there's that.
So Tiger Claw says, Where would they take the third South Park game?
The first one was LARPing in a fantasy world.
The second one was superheroes.
Wouldn't this be a different genre?
Because Ubisoft made those other games.
Not Nordic, right?
Or did THG bring in another sequel to South Park 64?
The best South Park game ever made.
How about a first person shooter game?
That's what I'm thinking, because I wasn't that legit a THQ game.
South Park 64, I feel like it was.
It may have been.
That game was awful, but I loved it.
I played it.
I rented it from Blockbuster.
Yeah, I'd totally play that again.
All right.
Let's move on to a somewhat innovative new way to test some of these games potentially,
right, Dark Sakura?
You're muted.
It's also some good news for Stadia.
So Stadia has a...
They're testing a type of game trial under its click-to-play system, about a 50-50 one.
What they're doing is for two games, which is Control and Sniper Elite 4,
50% get a normal timer on the demo, and the other ones get unlimited access
until they unlock certain achievements.
So you could play and never hit those achievements,
unless it's like, you finished stage one.
Here, yay.
Have an achievement.
Oh, you're done.
But at any rate, they're doing these on a 50-50 split to examine
what effects it has on the trial length metric.
So is it going to grant a person more time on the trial?
Is it going to let the person experience more of the game and lead to a purchase?
So those are different things that they're going to look at.
So as an example, for Sniper Elite 4,
you try the game until you complete the beginning of the end achievement,
which comes at the end of the first mission, sort of like I was saying before.
Which if you don't get the first mission done, I guess in 90 minutes,
then this lets you finish the first mission.
So this means that players who can't finish the first level in that time period,
they will be able to keep trying until they do and have a more complete experience with it.
And as one of the Stadia reps said,
is that they want new players to experience the observe, plan,
execute mantra that sits behind the game, as they're saying.
So you can run and gun, but the best results come from considering your options
and planning your attack accordingly.
So they want people to be able to take their time and play it as if they own the game.
And I think that it's a really, really good idea.
It also allows for better feedback, I think, of the game.
So if someone plays through that first level just really fast,
trying to get it done or get to the next level within that time frame,
they're not really getting the full experience of the game, is what they're thinking.
So by being able to sit back and do the whole first level
and chill with it, that's kind of what our old demos used to be like.
For example, we'd get those PlayStation demo disks, and it'd be like,
oh, here's the whole first level of Jumping Flash,
or here's the whole first level of Jammer Lamy.
You get a better chance to enjoy the game and play around with it a little bit.
And as far as some other...
They want to do some other types of experiments for different genre.
So one of them, as an example, would be
imagine trying an RPG and starting at level 100 instead of level 1,
or a turn-based strategy when you've got the full kingdom
instead of just a village at your disposal.
So seeing what the full advanced version of the game could be,
and that it might be worth owning to work up to it.
Now, there's a few other things going on with Stadia,
but right now they've been doing some more business with developers,
like giving them a cut of the Stadia Pro revenue.
And issuing out new developer tools.
So they are, I think, finding a bit more of a stride.
And I think that we're starting to see a lot more benefit for it.
I can also tell you that, with the exception of last night,
I have had a much smoother gaming experience on Stadia
than I have on even some home platforms.
Like, typically, when I'm playing Dead by Daylight,
I don't get lag.
Now, last night I had lag spikes,
but also the people I was playing with on Xbox and PC
were getting lag spikes, so I think it was their server.
So it's hard to do a skill check when you have a lag spike.
But overall, I think that Stadia has really made some very good improvements,
including just their user interface.
Like, being able to search for the things that you want to buy.
And I'm paid for Stadia Pro.
I'm fully down for it.
And then I found that the games that they're putting out for the Pro group
are actually some pretty fun games.
I've got some, and I own some big titles on there
that I just flat out paid for,
because I don't have any other way to play it.
I'm trying to see some of the ones I have.
I've got Cyberpunk.
I have the new Avengers game.
It's just really good.
Of course, I have Dead by Daylight.
But I mean, there's also some of those free games that...
Well, and I say free because I've got the...
Stadia Pro.
And there are...
There's just some stuff I wouldn't have tried before
that I've actually gotten a chance to try.
Like, I've got a copy of Child of Light.
I never got to play it.
I have control of Cthulhu Saves Christmas.
Doom 64 is on there.
Okay, so yeah, I know there's plenty of games available on Stadia.
It's interesting that they're kind of...
Like you put it, they're finding their stride.
And I think even in the very beginning,
there were a lot of people that were very interested in,
what can Stadia do for demos, especially?
Because you don't have to download some gigantic 80 gigabyte...
How big was that Final Fantasy Strangers in Paradise demo?
It was something like 80 gigabytes.
But something like Stadia, you could just jump right in.
And so it's interesting to see them sort of...
You know, I don't want to say course correcting,
but almost like making adjustments and sort of thinking about
how can that element of the trial game or whatever
be even stronger and building it based off the achievement?
Because I mean, that makes a lot of sense
is that you want people to take their time through that level
and not just rush through the first level
because they're against a timer.
Or say a two hour clock on Steam refunds
or whatever the case may be.
So it's also a very interesting flip in the industry.
And the reason why I say that is because I think about
back in the Xbox 360 arcade,
when all releases had to have a demo with it.
And there were quite a few releases where
when you got to the end of the first level,
which was the trial,
the thing would pop up and tell you,
you just earned an achievement.
If this was a full game,
we'd unlock the achievement on your profile,
press A to go to the store to buy this game
and unlock the achievement right now.
It's just, it's interesting that, you know,
when I think of achievement-based demos,
I think way back to that.
But it's interesting how Stadia
is kind of rewriting this a little bit.
You know, and-
And I was also gonna add in,
I mean, they had really good demos.
Like they had the Resident Evil Village demo up
and made it really easy to check out things that were,
you know, new without,
especially for me not having a PC,
it gave me a really solid chance to give it a go.
I think it's just a matter of time
before you search for a game
and it comes right up with try a demo now.
Now I know to some extent,
Google kind of already does that
in like written results and stuff.
But I mean, like,
there was a thing just lately on Google,
I think you search for cats or something
and this whole interactive thing with the cat paws happens.
You can click and they do that whole thing.
Like it's really just a matter of time
before you search for Resident Evil 7.
And sure, the search results come up really tiny on the left,
but then a big old box pops up on the right
and there's the demo ready for you to play.
And I'm gonna put something on cam,
I hope that people watching at least can see it.
All of this stuff on there is stuff I've claimed for free.
Oh yeah, because of the,
yeah, it's akin to a PlayStation Plus
or an Xbox Gold at this point,
you know, that stuff accumulates.
Or my Epic Games account.
Oh yeah, that too.
But I mean, the thing is, is that if I had
my Stadia controller with me,
I could take my iPad and play on my iPad if I wanted to.
I can play the full Dead by Daylight on my iPad.
So, you know, I think, I honestly think that,
oh, it stands for the third remastered is on here.
I'm getting it right now.
I mean, that's just sort of like how it goes.
Like I'll see new stuff pop in all the time
and I'll be like, oh heck, I haven't seen this.
Or I didn't even know it was on the platform
and it ends up being pretty, pretty fun.
You know, I find lots of neat stuff.
I've discovered like that Murder by Numbers game
that Bobby's fond of.
I've got it now.
You know, it's really been,
I have zero regrets about paying for this service.
And I wish that, I honestly think that this is the way
things are going to be going is all cloud-based.
I think once 5G is more accessible
and you can really take your iPad anywhere,
literally anywhere and play over 5G.
I think that's when cloud gaming really starts to like,
just, you know, go hog, you know?
Cause right now you still have to get a wifi somewhere.
But I think as over air internet becomes more and more,
at least in the big cities, you know,
more and more available.
I absolutely think that type of portable cloud gaming.
And that's why I think the way Microsoft
is aligning themselves is very intelligent as well,
because you know, the Game Pass stuff,
a vast majority of, I can't say all of it for, you know,
licensing or whatever it is,
but a vast majority of it is also just, you know,
you log in and there you go.
So it's just, it's interesting.
VO by Kurt in chat, also a Stadia fan saying,
I had to let my Stadia lapse,
but I loved it when I had it.
And Bobby Black Wolf reaffirming love for murder by numbers.
All right.
Meanwhile, let's go to the record before I forget.
Yeah.
I did find another unicorn in Dead by Daylight
and that game we're on Stadia.
Really?
I did.
Who was our killer in our match.
Oh, how interesting.
I think it was someone who was new to the killer.
We kind of noticed it.
So we're like, Hey, here's, here's some stuff.
I know you haven't played them before.
And I was just saying, and I was like, yeah.
I'm uh, and I noticed he had numbers in his name.
I was like, are you on Stadia?
He's like, yeah, I am.
And I'm like, well, so am I on a Mac is like,
I'm on a MacBook pro and I'm like, I'm on a Mac mini.
So, so it was another unicorn and I've seen other people on Stadia
who were not on a Mac.
And then I ran into another one of my people.
Interesting.
All right.
All right.
We're going to go to our next story.
Uh, I'm taking a quick restroom break.
Sorry.
So, um, stretch it out if you have to.
I'll be right back.
Don't drown.
I'll try.
Okay.
All right.
So, um, we talked a little bit about aim junkies and their lawsuit with, um, bungee
right now because of the fact that will aim junkies makes a cheat tools for destiny too.
And so there right now, the situation is that the initial lawsuit, um, the judge actually
basically dismissed it.
Um, aim that, you know, according to bungees own license agreement that they have to go
through arbitration in order for that to, um, actually, you know, continue on.
And so, um, because of that, you know, they have that chant bungee has to refile the lawsuit,
which they did earlier this year.
Um, but now of course, um, aim junkies is making claims, or I should say, just, you
know, jabbing them a bit with saying that their, uh, claims of grievous harm are, uh,
full of it, that apparently their con their council believes that, um, you know, more
of the speculative, um, stuff that they're kind of thrown out there, they're just trying
like different angles that basically come after this company.
What the, the argument that aim junkies is trying to make is that basically the months
where this tool is being used in destiny two were some of the highest months in the game's
history with bungee bungees trying to make the claim, of course, that it caused grievous
harm, and, you know, impacted their sales, or impacted the revenue that they would be
making on destiny two.
So it's going to be interesting to see, um, aim junkies is actually subpoenaed valve,
PayPal, and bungee to gather some evidence to disprove their claims.
And they're going to try to basically say that, no, it didn't really affect the game at all.
Like, I get what they're trying to say, but the same time, like, I don't think I can side with
a cheat, a cheat software developer for an online game.
You know, it's, it's an interesting thing.
It's a, it's an interesting approach to, you know, try to poke the bear, if you will, basically
just putting out press releases against destiny two instead of, you know, I don't know, hoping
that you get to look at your ass suit in court, which is probably going to end up happening.
I'm with you.
It's, it's fascinating that this is happening.
I mean, I hope they lose, but it's fascinating that this is even happening in the first place.
You know what I mean?
And I mean, the cheat makers, you know, like profiting off this whole, you know, creating
misery in an online game and so forth.
I'm sorry.
I don't have sympathy for the cheat makers in this particular case.
Exactly.
But it's fascinating what they're doing.
And of course, bungee is going to come in and say it caused harm because,
Because their lawyers are going to be better.
That that's how you file a lawsuit.
You have to prove that if they go, well, we're mad at you and we're going to file a lawsuit,
but it really didn't affect us at all.
You can't win a lawsuit like that.
You obviously have to prove that it caused harm.
And I'm sure that they could do that.
It could be speculative because it could be a higher month, but they could say that, you
know, because of this many cheaters out there, it caused, you know, players not to spend as much.
I don't know, but like they have it's going to be hard to argue against.
Bungee, but look, yeah, I'm just thinking that bungees lawyers are probably going to be well
better paid than the lawyers for this aim junkies.
And honestly, based off of the history of, you know, them taking on other cheat makers,
I don't think you have a shot.
No, I think it's lost cause to Mike Defton.
Chat says no sympathy for cheaters.
Yeah, pretty much that part.
Vo by Kurt says, well, they also have to protect their content.
Oh yeah, as far, I mean, I'm sure the bungee lawyers are at the top of their game on this,
but it's just, it's interesting to me that the destiny to cheat makers just didn't try
to like settle in a, we will disappear and never be heard from again kind of way.
But instead they're, they're trying to go out burning their bridges spectacularly,
which may result in financial penalties against them in a civil case.
And that's just kind of surprising to me that they, they want to go that hard.
Well, and they don't even have to necessarily prove, I think, damages.
They can, they can prove that they violated copyright and they could just, you know,
take that route.
I don't know.
I think they're gonna lose.
I know they're going to lose.
I don't.
I mean, yeah, that's a given, but yeah.
But it's fascinating that they're trying.
I mean, you have to look at them like you kind of want to go, yeah, you love to see
somebody fighting the big, bad companies, but then not like this.
Yeah, not like this.
It's like, no, I'm not going to root for the cheater.
And Bungie is actually, Bungie's okay.
Like I, like, especially compared to a lot of their peers right now.
What would be the precedent that would be set by this?
Like if they won't, you know, it's like, oh, okay, cool.
We're just going to have cheat programs all over the place.
Hey, all that online content you like playing stuff.
Well, it's just going to be ruined by everybody.
So, Hey, cool.
Yeah.
You're just looking at the destiny to cheat makers going, wow, they're doing that.
They're, they're, they're really doing that.
They're, they're arguing to be like, well, you know what?
You just have to cheat even harder, you know, it's back and forth.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about something that Jason was making fun of in the intro tonight.
It's the announcement of an announcement.
That's right.
There is a Sunsoft digital event that is set for August 18th where the company will be
talking about upcoming titles for 2022 and 2023.
And it'll be on YouTube and a press release.
Yuichi Ochi said, although we've been quiet for some times, many things have been happening
behind the scenes.
We are very excited to be able to finally share our vision for the rebirth of Sunsoft
with fans old and new.
So interesting.
Now it might be worth looking into what they say in the press release.
What Sunsoft is all about.
They were established in 1971 as a part of Sun corporation.
And in 1978, they began to make video games and arcades with block challenger and block
perfect.
In the early 1980s, some of their early hits were Arabian, Icky, and Kangaroo.
On July 25th, they released the first NES Famicom title in Japan under Sunsoft brands
called Super Arabian.
And Sunsoft, of course, probably best known for their retro development, including Gimmick,
Blaster Master, Spy Hunter, Batman, Trip World, Euphoria the Saga, and much more.
That much more, including Fester's Quest, which I didn't see named in that press release.
I guess we're not getting a new one of those.
That's unfortunate.
So going in chat, Digirama S says, OMG Sunsoft, Journey to Silius 2, please.
Anything's possible, right?
Mike Deff says, how about a new Kangaroo game?
Give me that, please.
Hey, retro archives are all the rage right now.
Why not a repackaging of some of those arcade hits in some type of arcade package?
Who knows?
Who knows?
You know what?
Hmm.
You know what?
So like, you know, they started their company with some great arcade games, block challenger
and block perfect.
Now it's time to take a look at that.
Loki has been dismissed from Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm very sorry to say, please look forward to our next episode of Orange Lounge Radio,
where we will be replacing Loki with a ferret.
Thank you.
Good night.
I hope it's something good.
I mean, like, they're the games that they've made.
Like, Batman was great.
Like, all their NES games are great.
So I'd be curious to see what they're going to do.
Hopefully, they're going to be able to do that.
I mean, they're going to be able to do that.
So I'd be curious to see what they're going to do.
Hopefully not sequels to, like, really old games, because, like, I don't know.
I want to see new stuff.
Ashima Panic in our chat says that's what I thought to myself, too, as far as the blockchain
stuff goes, too.
And I pray it won't be.
You know what?
It's a very cynical but very realistic approach to that whole thing.
Ashima Panic also says Fester's Quest is the surprise.
I wish, I wish.
But as some folks in chat are saying, you know, those types of licenses, they don't
really have those licenses.
Now, as Joe and Hannah-Matt says, down for another Blaster Master game, honestly.
Don't forget, we've had very recently those Blaster Master reboot games that were really
good.
Inti Creates did them.
Blaster Master, was it Zero Mission?
I can't, no, that's Metroid.
I don't, there was a Blaster Master, but they did a whole trilogy.
And two and three had nothing to do with, like, they were just kind of like original
games that were done in the same vein as that first game.
Blaster Master Zero, that was it.
But that first game was actually a beautiful reboot.
Like, I loved it.
It was way better than the one that was done on the Wii, which unfortunately I think was
a Sunsoft endorsed thing.
But yeah, that one that Inti Creates, I believe, put together is great.
I just don't think there's room for Sunsoft to do anything else on top of that, quite
honestly.
I'm trying to think of, like, because, you know, I think Sunsoft's done a lot of shooters
in Japan, so that's probably something that, you know, they may be doing as well as rebooting
some of those.
They might not be as well known over here.
But I'm looking at some of the list of video games that they've developed in the past.
Interestingly enough, yeah, they're credited for Fantasy Zone, actually, but they did the
NES port.
But see, again, that's not their game.
That's Sega's game.
So they can't just say, oh, we're going to make a new one of those.
Well, the NES port was questionable at that.
Yeah, let's see.
They actually were the ones that did the Final Fantasy Legend games, but they were rereleases
and kind of like, you know, they were, you know, translated.
But some folks in chat pointed this out.
Some of their most recent releases were Clock Tower games.
So they did Clock Tower the First Fear, Clock Tower 2, and Clock Tower Ghost Head were some
of the last things that they did in 2012 before a really big break.
So I wonder if maybe a Clock Tower reboot isn't something.
That is one that I think that's probably the most likely thing is a Clock Tower reboot.
But we'll see.
I think that could be kind of cool.
Clock Tower characters for Dead by Daylight.
Who knows?
Oh, my God.
If they put that scissor guy in Dead by Daylight, I'm quitting.
I can't handle it.
I cannot handle Scissorman.
And I can't handle it.
I'll quit.
I will.
Too scary.
All right.
Anyway, thank you to everybody, by the way, in chat.
Literally three different clips of Loki getting fired here tonight on the show for a blockchain
joke.
Love it.
Thank you all.
All right.
That's true.
Orange right in chat says, guessing Rob isn't going for Team Scissors after all, I guess.
You make a good point.
I have to switch to Team Paper.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
And Dark Sakura bringing back the classics.
Why not?
Let's bring back another horror classic tonight.
What we do.
So eight years ago, PT was delisted.
And the person who had to do the delisting has actually spoken out.
It was also the same person, though, who worked to have it listed.
So the former Konami staffer named Pearl actually had a few things to say about it on Twitter.
And Kojima actually acknowledged the eight-year anniversary after these statements came out.
So it was pretty cool.
But at any rate, some of the posts went along these lines.
A fun fact, since I was the lead at the time at Konami, I helped get this product set up
on the storefronts, fake publisher, and everything.
And I was the one who had to call Sony and ask them to take it down and block redownloads.
That was a super fun conversation.
And then, as for people who are asking, you know, why her response was,
I say this with love because Konami.
How many times have we said this?
You know, what's interesting?
I know this individual.
I don't know.
I think maybe we met once a while ago, but we definitely have mutual friends in common,
because if you think about where friends of ours used to work, they were friends.
Where friends of ours used to work many years ago, she also worked there.
I feel bad for her that she's becoming a main character because of this story.
And I know she's locked her Twitter down since then.
And honestly, I don't think she's did anything wrong here.
You know, this is, again, it's eight years ago.
She's not the one that pushed, I mean, okay, maybe she figuratively pushed the button,
but it wasn't her call.
She's just, that was her job.
She was the liaison between Konami and Sony and had to have these tough conversations
because of what someone else wanted to do.
So I actually feel bad for her that now, because she's kind of looking back and having
a laugh at this all this time later, that now she's like, this story has just caught
wildfire and she's had to lock down her Twitter because she's, you know, a completely
normal person with an interesting job in her past.
And it's just, I feel bad that everybody's scrutinizing this and all this stuff.
Yeah, going to chat.
Mike Defton chat says, yeah, she was following orders.
I can't blame her.
SSJ100Matt says our own Flaco Jones had the world record speed run for PT for a little
bit though.
Mike Deft says I can blame Konami though.
Fuck Konami.
Yes, you can blame Konami in this.
And I feel bad because I wonder if Konami didn't send a nasty gram over.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm making shit up.
Maybe she was just getting tagged at a lot of tweets and she went, you know, on lockdown
for that reason.
But I can't help but wonder if Konami didn't say something, which would be ridiculous.
The entire world knows.
But it would be totally in character.
That's what I'm worried about.
There's more that I had to say though.
Okay, please.
Okay.
Just to go back though to the comments on it, because that's really, you know, the first
and foremost thing about it is that she went on to say that it was a really awkward situation
and that they had to go through all of these hoops to get it set up.
Lots of operational exceptions, she said.
And then to send the request in to block it, more engineering workarounds, I'm quoting
now.
It was exciting to see people hype about it and see the work pay off, but in a way also
not.
And the other comment made, believe me, I wish it had gone different too.
It was definitely really funny to be plotting the secret cool thing for the fans.
It was amazing to see everyone come together to try to figure out the experience and see
them come away with so much love for it.
I'm super grateful I got to be a part of that in some small way.
So I don't see any flippancy about anything in her comments.
She was like, I was really proud of this and then it was really awful to have to take it
down.
I think it's very matter of fact and very transparent.
It's an element of transparency.
We never get out of Konami.
And that is why, unfortunately, she has found herself now everywhere this week is that she's
giving us an element of transparency.
We never get out of Konami.
So and technically we're not getting it out of Konami.
That's right.
You know, she's somewhere else now.
Yeah.
So it's waiting for NDAs and whatnot to have worn off before she could say something about
it.
I just also my other advice, not that, you know, Pearl should give a hoot what I think,
but my other advice would be clearly you could put this in a book and sell it, like put
it in a book and sell it.
Don't give it away for free on Twitter.
I doubt that this is going to be enough material to fill a book.
Oh, I bet.
But from the inner workings of Konami, I bet there is plenty to fill a book.
This is just one chapter, my friend.
I can tell you that only really a handful of people would buy that book.
I'm serious.
But look, look at where this story is.
I mean, it's catching a lot of places this week.
I think there's a lot of people, I think, that are interested in what the fuck happened
to Konami.
Like what?
Because we still don't really have an answer to that question.
I can also tell you that there are absolutely full videos online in terms of like 30 minutes
to over an hour.
True.
Going through a lot of that already for free.
I think the things that would have been said, hers is just like the last, the last nail.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, I know Kojima would never write it because he's a classy
guy, but I would read his book about the final years with Konami.
Well, Kojima should get his BFF to write the book because his BFF writes plenty of books
about the last days of game development projects.
So just food for thought.
And of course, I'm talking about Jeff Keighley, so food for thought.
But I do understand these are niche things for sure, but interesting.
At the same time, though, there was a really good video I watched maybe about a couple
years ago that really went in depth.
Some of it was very speculatory, but it had plenty of evidence to back it up about exactly
what might have gone down and the prelude to Kojima's leaving.
It went a lot into history and I thought it was really good.
If I can find it again, I will absolutely share it with everybody.
Well, it's interesting that one person that does not hold back in discussing Konami is
Guillermo del Toro, who in a tweet simply wrote about this whole thing, simply wrote
F K and to stand for fuck Konami.
He does not make his stance on Konami very secret.
So anyway, all right.
I think I also I can applaud Guillermo del Toro for taking a sentiment and just shortening
it to two simple letters.
Two simple letters.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We have some more stories.
Two simple companies slinging words back and forth.
Right, Loki?
Yes, it's like it's just never ends.
So we talked about last week, I think, where Sony had made the argument that, you know,
Call of Duty was this big franchise and they're trying to block the whole merger with Activision
and stuff like that.
Well, now Microsoft is accusing Sony of blocking games from being added to Games Pass.
They're saying that apparently I think this may even go back to the whole Call of Duty
stuff as well, but apparently Microsoft has been trying to convince the different agencies
that they can't shouldn't be acquiring them.
Microsoft's ability to continue expanding Games Pass has been hampered by the Sony's
desire to inhibit such growth.
Sony pays for blocking rights to prevent developers from adding content to Games Pass and other
competing services, they claim.
And then to throw a little bit more shade on Sony, Microsoft, you know, I guess Sony
was arguing that their their service is not doing as well.
And so Microsoft made a basically I don't know if it's like a PowerPoint.
I want to imagine it's a PowerPoint.
It's Microsoft.
They're not going to do it in whatever the competitors are.
Some document, of course, that they said, well, here's how you can make your PlayStation
plus better.
They provided their information to them.
So, yeah, it's I don't know.
Yeah, they have a 27 page document that they provided, so.
Interesting, all the shade.
Yeah, and also interesting how this whole Microsoft merger thing is playing out in these
different documents and so forth and the arguments that are being made.
I think my favorite was the one about like Microsoft saying that like Activision Blizzard
is that they aren't making anything that's like a must have.
They aren't making anything that good, which is wild to me that they would say that about
a company they're buying.
But like I also get from a completely legal, legal, strategical perspective, they have
to say that.
And what's what's one thing?
At least I know I've always said about Blizzard and, you know, in the past, before all this
drama, llama stuff in the past few years and Bobby Kotick's mismanagement, all this stuff.
One thing that Blizzard has always historically done incredibly well is taking a genre of
game and making it more accessible to a wider audience like Overwatch and Team Fortress
2, like Magic the Gathering and Hearthstone, like EverQuest and World of Warcraft, etc.,
etc.
Blizzard is very good at this, and that's how they've made their bucks over the years.
And so it's interesting to me that like, you know, Microsoft's whole stance, you know,
is, well, they're not making you know, they're just making games in the same genre or what
it's just it's so wild to me.
But but legally, it's the smart play.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, why don't they just say that, like, you know, Bobby Kotick's kind of driven the
country or driven to the country?
Well, in some ways, yes, but the company into the ground and it's not worth as much because
of his sorry ass.
But I guess legally, there might be some issues with that.
Oh, well.
Anyway, let's move on to one more story before we take a trip down memory lane in the classic
game of the week.
And I wish this was not a story that I feel like we're reporting on way too frequently,
but I feel like this this whole issue just even escalated this week.
Made me sick.
Yeah, it really made me sick.
It's gross.
But, you know, we if if we don't say things about it and express that change needs to
happen, change needs to happen.
Um, so Clara Sorrente, who goes by keffles online, I hope I'm pronouncing that right.
I'm very sorry.
I admit I did not know this individual until I read this report, but I don't follow a lot
of the large popular streamers.
That's not me being edgy.
That's just me being honest.
So anyway, Clara Sorrente is a trans streamer and a political commentator and was arrested
by Canadian police.
And I want to make sure that's clear.
This is now a problem that's not unique to the US because there's already been going
on, though.
Oh, yeah, no.
And I'm not trying to say, oh, it doesn't happen in the US.
I'm just saying this is a large problem.
She was arrested by Canadian police after a swatting incident, and she put out a YouTube
video where she recounted what happened, saying that the police locked her out of her accounts
because she's still a suspect in this investigation of a made up fucking crime.
Like, wild.
Anything.
It's not just her.
It's her fiance's computer, too.
All his stuff.
Anyway, she uses her platform for Activision, like calling awareness to a California bill
that would protect trans youth that are fleeing the state.
And gosh, I wonder why someone would want to target her, which makes me sick to say.
But it's the quiet part out loud.
And it's sad.
And it's sad that it worked.
It's really sad that it worked.
The morning of Friday, August 5th, she was woken up by London police services that went
into her home with an assault rifle.
Somebody impersonating her emailed every city councilor in London, Ontario, saying that
she had committed murder, had a firearm and planned to go to City Hall and shoot every
cisgender person.
And it was signed under her dead name.
Yeah, and that's another.
What trans person dead names themselves?
Like, there are so many red flags here.
It's just, it's, yeah.
Anyway.
I donated to the GoFundMe for the record.
Oh, there's a GoFundMe?
I didn't know that.
Yeah, it's actually linked on your article.
Oh, yes, it sure is.
So if you actually search for her name, Clara Sorrente, or you can search for the Twitch
name, Kefles, it's a moving legal fund that's available on GoFundMe.
Also, it's pointed out that the Kefles is not the only streamer that is still having
these types of problems.
A Grand Theft Auto 5 streamer named Aiden Ross, another internet personality named
iShowSpeed also had SWAT issues.
A Hearthstone streamer had the cops invade her home on a live stream in February.
Where's the fucking end of this?
Like, this is still ongoing, not just nationwide, but worldwide.
And this continues to be a problem.
And I really like the part that just is that the basic fact finding education on behalf
of the London, Ontario police and these huge red flags we already pointed out about the
dead naming and some of the ludicrous things that were said and of the level of the seriousness
that they were taking is just like, this should be 101 type of stuff on how to spot a fake.
And I understand that you have to take everything seriously.
But you don't have to go to this extent.
I hope she sues and I hope she wins.
I don't know to what extent she can do that in Canada.
I'm not familiar enough with the laws and so forth, you know, and I understand it's
not as civil lawsuit friendly of a culture as it is here.
But I hope she sues and I hope she wins.
Maybe the money will do the talking.
This is why I'm a big fan of, like, don't use your, your, your birth date in your passwords,
don't, you know, don't do those little memes online, where, oh, put in your full initials
and do this or put in your date of birth and do this.
Now, thankfully, all of my passwords are in another language.
Um, but, uh, you know, it's telling people exactly where you live, you know, that's why
my last name is nowhere out there on the internet, unless it's like for something official.
Yeah.
You know, it's, you got to take steps to, to, I mean, it sucks.
You do have to take steps to protect yourself.
You know, you can, like, if you're on your social media or doing posts there, do it through
a VPN, for example.
You know, um, remember when I got like that series of harassing, uh, messages and I tracked
down their VPN, listed the address and said exactly who it was.
It was what's his face, his friend back in the day.
Oh, the one, the one that stalked me?
No, no, no, no.
It was, um, what was his name?
Oh, oh, I don't even want to dig, I don't want to dignify it with the name, but yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
One of his friends.
Yeah.
And I basically was like, um, I just found your address in Granite Bay.
Do you want me to post it publicly?
Like, oh no, no, no, no.
I apologize.
It wasn't, uh, I'm like, whatever.
But it is that easy.
I mean, granted, it was maybe easier 10 years ago, but it's still fairly easy.
I mean, so like for the biggest ways that you can protect yourself, even though you
should not have to is, you know, never give out any of your personal information online.
Don't use your real name, uh, for your usernames, uh, look into a VPN.
Look into a VPN.
There is an anti-swatting registry in some states.
Um, so look for that.
And there's also, um, uh, some other, uh, legal counsel that might be, you know, out
there in your area.
But, um, but there are, uh, um, some anti-swatting resources out there that you can look into.
And I would, I would suggest, you know, if you feel so inclined, you might want to consider,
uh, uh, uh, donation on that GoFundMe.
They're so close to the goal.
All right.
But I mean, we've had people get 20-year prison sentences for, uh, swatting.
Yeah, they're not enough.
Not enough.
Different state.
Yeah.
You know, so it's, uh, but in a lot of states, it's, if no one dies from it, it's typically
considered, uh, aggravated harassment.
Although in California, though, uh, you, uh, if you swat somebody and you're, you're caught,
then you have to pay for the full cost of the swat or tactical response team.
Good.
Which is, can be upwards of $10,000.
Good.
Good.
Honestly, if, and if that ever happened to me, I'd file a civil lawsuit so fast, your
head would spin.
And in New York, um, you can be charged with murder if a hoax ends in death.
All right.
So I just wanted to throw that out there because I think people need to know their own resources,
how to protect themselves as well as yeah.
And it, and it's just one of those things where like, I, I, I take no joy in talking
about this, but it's important to highlight.
This is still happening and police departments everywhere, not just the U S everywhere, say
what you will about the police in the U S this didn't happen in the U S police departments
everywhere needs some basic education, basic education on how to spot this stuff.
Like it just.
I, my own point though, with, uh, the London, Ontario police is that they dead named this
woman continued to, and are doing all this, even though Toronto police, you know, dismissed
it outright and didn't charge anything.
And we're, we're good to her.
I'm also seeing this as trans harassment by a public facility.
For sure.
Yeah.
So she's got a suit and there will be people who will back her up.
Yeah.
And again, I can't claim to know how Canada courts work.
I barely understand it here, but I, if there's any chance that she can go for civil recourse
from the police department, she absolutely, absolutely, absolutely ought to do it.
Absolutely.
All right.
Let's go back to a simpler time when you know, you know what a crank, you know what a prank
was calling someone and hanging up the phone.
That's that was, that was the extent of a prank.
Let's go back to a simpler time as we take a trip down, go catch it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler California where I'll dive into the vault
and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
And dark soccer, what did you pick for us this week?
I picked Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc because, oh, I just hurt myself a minute ago.
I, uh, I love Danganronpa and I didn't realize that it was as old as it was until I saw that
the sequel was 10 years old.
So I decided to go with the first one.
I'm surprised I haven't done it.
And, and, you know, Shane is also a fellow Danganronpa fan.
Um, so at any rate, uh, Danganronpa is, uh, um, actually no Danganronpa 2 turned 10.
The first Danganronpa is, uh, it came out in 2010.
So, uh, but anyway, um, it is a visual novel adventure that was published by Spike and
it is the first in the Danganronpa series.
Um, it was released in Japan for, uh, the PS portable in, on November, 2010, later ported
to iOS and Android in August, 2012, localized and published in English, uh, by NIS America
for multiple platforms.
Um, so, uh, at any rate, um, you play a character named Naegi Makoto.
Um, and, uh, basically you're sort of in this battle royale situation, sort of, kinda, um,
he's considered to be the ultimate lucky student because his name got pulled at random to join
this school called Hope's Peak Academy, where everybody else is sort of like this ultimate
student.
Um, and so, uh, he gets, he, he goes into the school and wakes up with no memory of
how he got there or what's happened, just that he's stuck in, in the school with other
students who also were in the same situation, except for one who does not remember what
her specialty is.
Um, and she's also like probably my favorite character.
Uh, but at any rate, um, the game plays out very, very interestingly.
Um, so you find out that you are locked in the school, uh, by looks by this little half
black, half white bear named Monokuma.
Um, you know, as in monochrome bear, Kuma means bear.
Um, so Monokuma in order to cause ultimate despair, and I'm, I'm really trying not to
spoil it since now we've got people like, uh, Ramus is going to try to give it a play.
Um, but, uh, for all intents and purposes, it seems like it's Monokuma or whoever's controlling
Monokuma, um, has having all the students, uh, basically kill somebody and either there's
one person left or they keep, you know, finding out who did it.
So when, when the character, when the character dies, you have to, um, gather evidence and
then you have a class trial and you've got like, uh, like truth bullet events.
I think if I'm right, I think Danganronpa like means truth bullet.
I'll have to look it up again.
Um, but you also have to argue your case.
You kind of have some, uh, uh, like ace attorney elements in it.
Um, very similar to that with the investigation and finding contradictions and, but it's a
much faster gameplay style.
And you can have like a rhythm game element in it too.
Um, but the way that it goes though, is that if, if you figure out who the killer is, then
you, um, they get executed pretty gruesomely yet stylistically.
Um, and if you don't get the right person, then all the other students get executed and
the killer goes free.
Um, and so as you go through more and more of these, you know, you have your school life
mode where you can go around and talk to people and learn from them until a murder is discovered.
Um, there's even some kind of, um, like dating sim elements to it as well.
Like you react to different things.
You've got your free time segments.
Um, you can also find like, uh, hidden items throughout the game for extra stuff.
Um, but the big thing is looking for the clues.
Um, and you've also got your e-handbook, which is also where you can save your game.
Um, but once you have all of the evidence, so when you found every piece of it, um, I,
we have an ad playing.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sorry.
I, yeah, I, I never noticed any of that cause I, I pay for my account.
Um, but anyway, pay for mine.
No, thank you.
Um, but at any rate, um, you know, all of these students are like that, that you have
are like, like the character on screen, um, uh, Leon is like the, the ultimate baseball
player.
Um, uh, uh, I'm trying to think of who others, uh, you know, we have the ultimate computer
program or the ultimate pop star, you know, the ultimate, uh, mangaka, you know, so, or
doujinshi artists, I should say, who was also by the way, voiced by, uh, uh, Yamaguchi Kappe,
who was also Ranma, just saying.
Um, but any rate, uh, cause I never played it in English.
I only put it in Japanese.
Um, so, uh, uh, at any rate, um, you know, so you go through the game, you uncover more
and more of the story and you learn a lot more about what's going on in the game.
Um, you play as Makoto and the, the girl I was talking to, uh, who was made to forget
what her specialty is, is, uh, Kirigiri Kyoko, who Kyoko is like, she stayed my favorite
character.
Um, um, but, uh, you also, uh, work with her quite a bit and she's got very keen observational
skills.
Um, you also find out quite a bit more about her and her connection to the whole thing.
Um, but going now back into some of the development, cause the development actually has to do,
uh, well, some of the evolution of the story has a lot to do with Makoto's voice actor.
Um, and I'm sure the moment I say the name, a lot of people are going to go, I know that
name, um, Ogata Megumi, who was, oh, let's see Shinji in Evangelion, uh, Sailor Uranus,
um, uh, Yukito in Cardcaptor Sakura, um, trying to think of some other ones that people would
know.
I know, uh, Yugi in Yugio, um, uh, I'm trying to think of some other ones that people would
know, uh, uh, Yukimura Sanada in, uh, Samurai Deeper Kill, um, also did some voiceover,
uh, did, uh, uh, Angelina Jolie's character in Hackers.
Um, also, uh, I'm trying to think of something else that is a little bit more recent that
people would know.
Uh, oh, uh, was also in Ray Earth, um, in Bleach, uh, Super Robot, uh, Taisen, the animated,
um, and also in Danganronpa 2, also, uh, played, uh, uh, another, uh, another character,
uh, there as well, who I will get into probably when I do Danganronpa 2.
Um, but at any rate, uh, the writer, uh, Kodaka Kazutaka, um, wanted to do an original video
game, um, and that thought his other ideas were too derivative from Action Adventure
and felt that Action Adventure was becoming unpopular, so he wanted to do a darker narrative
based around a killing game.
Um, the original version wasn't very high speed, but that developed on the way, um,
but Spike Chunsoft, uh, was, uh, thought it was pretty risky because it was kids killing
each other, you know, in a high school environment.
They really thought that that might not go over well, but a lot of people really picked
up the, the style of the game.
And so, um, they actually had some influence by, uh, by the late, uh, Hyde from, I don't
ever remember if it was Hyde or Hide, but from X Japan who did pink blood to censor
the blood and add stylishness.
Um, the, uh, the word Danganronpa came from a character designer, um, Komatsuzaki Urui
and was written in Kanji before it was changed to Kadokana for the logo.
Um, and it goes around themes of, uh, despair and hope and pulled from, uh, some, uh, influences
from Saw and Cube.
Well, you know, that Hypercube is one of my favorite movies.
And then it uses a special graphics technique that's called 2.5D motion graphics that
blends 2D character items in a 3D explorable environment.
So kind of pop art style, like you can see as you like walk into rooms with some of the
characters, how the items pop up like a pop-up book.
And then the characters are also, you know, that flat 2D.
Um, and then, you know, they threw in a lot of, a lot of like surprise things, like, especially
right from the beginning.
Um, but what I was going back to for, um, Ogata being, um, Makoto's voice actor is that
because of the energy and gravitas she put into the voice acting that Makoto was given
a bigger, uh, a bigger impact on the game made a lot more of just the, you know, personal
insertion character, but was, uh, made out to be a bigger, more important character.
And as we've learned now through the franchise, a pretty ongoingly important character.
Um, so at any rate, um, there also were, uh, some traits that were, that had in common
with Battle Royale, as in the novel by Takami, uh, Koshin.
Um, and, uh, they did originally also come up with the game with adult protagonists,
but they thought that high school students were better because of their immaturity and
would have more character development and that they would react differently than an
adult would to a killing game.
And that it's showing the balance between despair and, and hope.
Um, so, uh, Oh, an interesting thing is that when the English dub came out, um, the publisher
NIS was asked by Spike Chunsoft to keep Monokuma's name in intact.
And, uh, they also said though that that was their favorite character to localize,
um, keeping the voice very similar.
They also, uh, kept the same soundtrack.
Of course, the soundtrack is great.
Um, but some of the other, uh, voice actors that they chose, they had a really hard time,
especially for, uh, Toko, um, having an alter ego.
They had to get two voice actors for Toko.
Um, and then there were, of course, smartphone games that came out after that.
So we're going to go into the legacy.
Um, Danganronpa, Monokuma no Gakushu, um, which is Monokuma strikes back and then alter ego
were put out for iOS and Android.
And, uh, there also was a Danganronpa one, two reload, which was a Vita port of the first
game and its sequel Danganronpa two goodbye despair.
Um, which some people even say that that's superior to the first one, but I won't go
there.
Um, I think that Shane likes that one the best because of a particular character who
has a pet hamster.
Who cares what he thinks.
I'm just kidding.
I do because we, when we work together, I actually gave him a key chain of that character.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
Um, I'm killing, I'm killing the B roll because I'm sick of all the ads.
My, my favorite in the second game though, uh, has a little, um, uh, Galaga ship, uh,
uh, uh, Vic Viper pin pixely Vic Viper pin that she wears in her hair.
Um, but anyway, um, now the, uh, the game came out, uh, in, uh, in North America, in
Europe in February, 2014.
Um, it came out on steam, uh, February, 2016.
Um, Danganronpa went to reload, uh, came out on PlayStation four in North America and Europe
in March, 2017 and in Japan on May 18th, 2017.
There's also a virtual reality demo called cyber Danganronpa VR, the class trial, which
is on PlayStation VR.
There is an enhanced version called anniversary edition that came out May 21st, 2020.
Um, else has, you know, it has the gallery mode, uh, like the other ones do.
Um, and there was also a few other things, um, it's going to be released for switch.
And then there's the Danganronpa Decadence bundle, um, will also come out separately
and January 18th, 2022, it was released for Xbox one and windows via the Microsoft store.
The game sold very well.
Um, it was a big hit.
Um, and they're also, um, I didn't mention it, but there is also like a full on action
game where you play as Makoto's, uh, sister.
And you have like a gun that has like different effects on people.
Um, you have to fight like all these Monokuma.
Um, and the thing I like about it is that that game, uh, it was, it's called ultra despair
girls.
That game also played a lot into the closing of the chapter.
So just go ahead and throw this out.
There was an anime which retold, um, uh, the, first of all, it had the, the prelude to what
happened in Danganronpa with the characters that were in the second game.
And then it was called hope and despair where it, you would watch one episode and it was
a prelude and the next episode was like in the future after the despair was already going
on with a different group.
Um, and there was also a Danganronpa anime just by itself, retelling the first game.
So, uh, there's, there's just so much, um, there's also Danganronpa V3 killing harmony
that came out in 2017.
Um, there had two manga, um, adaptations.
There was a light novel, uh, two light novels, um, called Danganronpa if, where, uh, basically
Makoto finds this, uh, fabled escape button early on.
And then there's one called, uh, uh, I'm trying to see, uh, the, the tragic warriors of despair
that, uh, is kind of like, they're both kind of alternate universe, uh, stories.
Um, I've read them both.
They're actually really good.
Um, but this, this game is like, it's just all, I really don't know what else I can say
about it because it's just had so much to it.
Um, the game has received, you know, just wonderful ratings all across the board.
Um, the Vita version has an 80 of 10 on Metacritic PC is 82 of a hundred on Metacritic.
Um, it's just, it's all over the place.
It really is.
In fact, last night when I was, uh, uh, looking up, um, the, you know, stuff to do for the
B roll, I just ended up just started watching through the play through.
I was like, Oh yeah.
And then I realized, Oh my gosh, what time is it?
Um, but, uh, but yeah, it's absolutely worth it.
And if you don't want to play through the first game, watch the anime.
It's really good.
I mean, it's really abbreviated.
There's a lot of stuff that you'll miss from it, but it tells the story really good, really
well.
And all of the games are just really, really awesome.
They're just, they're so in depth.
I didn't get into V3 as much though, but the first two and ultra despair girls, I was totally
into.
All right.
That's it.
There's just classic game of the week.
And I, I also was kind of surprised that this game is even 10 years old.
Um, I, you know, obviously more than that, but, uh, yeah, it's just another one of those.
Wow.
I feel like it was only yesterday.
I first heard about this game, but yeah, right.
It is your classic game of the week.
Don Gunropa playing it pretty religiously.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and quickly check out some other headlines in a segment
that we call rapid fire news.
And we'll start with Loki.
So, you know, getting a hint of all that movie action and movie money that they want.
Um, Bandai Namco is planning for a live action Pac-Man movie.
Okay.
Who the fuck asked for that?
Nobody.
Nobody asked for that, but you know, Sonic the Hedgehog is doing well and people love
Sonic the Hedgehog as much as they love Pac-Man.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Listen, here's the question.
Pac-Man's already gotten their live action movie.
It was, um, terrible and it started Adam Sandler and we don't need another live action.
Yes.
Here's the, here's the real question I have about this movie.
Will the love interest be Ms.
Pac-Man or Pac-Mom or both?
Will this, uh, uh, Pac-Man movie explore the complicated pack love triangle.
The Pac-Man suddenly finds himself in.
He had the Pac-Man story on our Saturday morning cartoons, right?
I just don't.
And there was also the cupid cartoon and I watched them both and they were great.
AJ twist and chat points out the smash multiverse movies grow.
Yeah, but like, I just don't think that this will just, yeah, I just, I don't see that
unless maybe they make a full on.
Oh, it's so eighties like comedy out of it.
I don't know.
It has to be right.
Aside from just like saying, you know, it's going to be terrible.
So this was reported, um, wayfarer studios.
They're teamed up with light beam entertainment.
Um, and they're going to make the live action movie based on it.
And that's, that's all we know so far.
Um.
It'll be based on a new original story from Chuck Williams.
And, um, he was the producer of, or one of the producers on the hedgehog.
Did you say it was light beam entertainment or light year entertainment?
It was light beam entertainment.
Interesting.
Cause I couldn't even find them on like Wiki or anything like that.
So they must be a huge studio.
Yeah.
So huge.
Um, yeah, I, I will Chuck, I think that's Chuck Williams company.
So, um, it says a original idea from Chuck Williams who did, it was a producer of Sonic
the hedgehog of light beam entertainment.
So it's probably his production company is what it is.
Oh, okay.
Bad idea.
Um, but can they not?
I don't know.
It sounds stupid.
Okay.
Whatever it may happen or it may get canceled.
You know, we'll see.
Um, anyways, aside from that, this is kind of cool.
So there's been a secret two player mode that's been discovered in super punch out.
Um, remember that game that came out in 94?
I mean, that was a while ago, but apparently no
one's found it until now.
And it allows you to basically control the other boxer, uh, with the second player controller.
So the way you do it is you hold Y and R and then press air start on the start menu.
And then it allows you to select which character and then player two gets to control it.
It's like, it's like the ducks and duck hunt.
And it works if you have the Nintendo switch online version, because, you know, it's just
a ROM of the old game.
So this is something that you can literally check out on your Nintendo switch right now,
assuming you have a, um, uh, Nintendo switch online account.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah.
All right.
So very neat.
Uh, dark soccer.
What do you have for us for rapid fire news or stadium news?
Stadia 4.26, uh, is putting in a claim all for pro games, uh, and some new, uh, language,
uh, options.
So, um, you know, cause normally when you have, when you get the free games, you go through
one by one and click claim, but now you're going to get a claim all so that you can just
get them all.
Um, they also, uh, and basically these come from just, you know, uh, digging through the
APKs, um, but they also are putting out, uh, some, uh, some, uh, language options, including,
uh, uh, Spanish.
Um, they're actually, I think, or they're doing both Castilian Spanish and Mexican Spanish.
Um, and then they're doing, um, uh, Turkish, apparently they're also doing, uh, uh, Caribbean
Spanish.
And then, uh, and also a few other ones on here from what it looks like.
Um, they're also, there's references to a, my library link, but no one really knows what
that's about.
And then there's also now references to a multi-stream and multi-stream controller.
So, uh, looking also into like some other, uh, motion devices and, uh, tips and tricks.
So kind of cool.
All right.
But yeah, I, I, I love when a company realizes that not everyone speaks the same version
of a language, you know, like even British and Canadian English is a little bit different
from each other.
Sure.
Yeah.
So there's words that are fully acceptable to say here in the US that are completely
unacceptable in England, as we know from Beyonce's edits.
Yeah.
Lizzo and Beyonce.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I think that it's, it's really, really good.
I think that that's a great thing that they're doing, you know, understanding that, that
it may be the same language, but they're not spoken the same way.
It was, I was going to say that kind of goes the other way too, because, you know, there's
the see you next Tuesday word that is, you know, a very common, uh, slang and overseas.
Everybody in the UK right now, I'm using, I'm using, oh yes.
Right.
Cause that too.
Uh, but yeah, but that word is, um, very, very, very offensive, um, here.
So, um, yeah, I say it all the time.
I don't even, you know, I have way too many British and Australian friends.
I know.
I kind of, I got in a habit when JJ was visiting.
Anyway, one of my, one of my drag queen friends, miss Patsy declined to love you.
Mean it.
All right.
Shifting gears a little bit, shifting guilty gears a little bit.
Haha.
Let's talk about something that was announced, announced at Evo last week.
I think it was just about the time we were wrapping up OLR last week.
But they did announce on, uh, the end of the stream, uh, or sorry, at the end of Evo, uh,
that there was going to be some new DLC that was coming to guilty gear X two.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Not, that was the, that was the older game.
This is a new DLC that was coming out for guilty your strive, excuse me, uh, a character
that originally was in guilty your X to Bridget, uh, a character that uses a yo-yo and a mechanized,
uh, teddy bear.
Um, so, uh, Bridget is also a very popular character in the franchise.
Uh, so it was probably a foregone conclusion that Bridget was going to be added to strive.
So that was, uh, announced at Evo.
Now, another interesting thing that happened, um, as part of the story plot.
Once the, um, DLC was released and people were jumping into it and, uh, you know, exploring
the story, it turns out that Bridget, um, is now a pretty cool representation in the
game, uh, as Bridget was confirmed a trans character, uh, in the game.
I can't confess to know the lore in the game, so I don't want to like misrepresent something.
But my understanding is that, uh, it sounds like Bridget was kind of had a stereotypical
feminine design in the series.
Uh, previously, uh, the story that I'm looking at is she was born in an English village with
a male twin and the village had a superstition that twins of the same gender were bad luck.
So to avoid exiling her, sacrificing her, her parents raised her as a girl.
Um, and there's some dialogue that happens where one of the characters says cow girl
or a cowboy and Bridget responds, cow girl is fine because I'm a girl.
So, um, and that pronoun swap is, uh, intended to reveal Bridget's trans identity.
Again, I hope I'm reporting that right, but I'm not super familiar with the story in the
series.
Um, so it's, it's hard for me to say it's this or it's this, but, um, my understanding
is it's, uh, some representation, um, maybe unexpected.
Again, I don't know, I don't follow the series.
I don't know if it was expected or not.
Um, but, uh, more representation is always a great thing.
So, um, pretty cool to see.
And a lot of people on Twitter, uh, were very happy to, um, hear about that.
So, all right.
Anyhow, uh, let's move on and travel around the world and check out some release dates
of some games coming out near you soon.
We'll start with the U S slow key.
So this week we've got fashion police squad coming out on PC.
Oh, you have, you've had your eye on that one.
Yeah, that looks fun.
Uh, multiverses is finally coming out after the short delay that they had.
So, uh, PC PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Is that out of like early access or something?
Cause it's been on the Epic store.
It's been in beta, so now it's actually out.
Got it.
The real deal.
All right.
Right.
Um, so now, uh, we also have spark, the electric jester three on PC, uh, blossom
tales to the minute our prints on PC and Nintendo switch, uh, roller drone on PC,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, uh, tribes of Midgard on Nintendo switch,
Xbox one and Xbox series way of the Hunter on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
Kirby's dream buffet on Nintendo switch, uh, little league world series baseball
2022 on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox
series.
I like this one curse the golf on a PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series RPG, RPG time.
The legend of right on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four, uh, scar of the doll
on Nintendo switch, uh, slakation paradise on the PC, Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one.
How much do I love these names?
Xbox series.
Uh, they're great.
Um, time EISA on looks like PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
We are OFK on PC, Mac, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five,
uh, tale of paper refolded.
Oh, that one looked, I think that was the one that looked really cool.
Um, that's on PC, Xbox one, Xbox series, uh, cloud punk coming to PlayStation
five, uh, layer land story on the PC and Nintendo switch.
And last but not least Madden NFL 23 on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation
five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Oh, it's Madden time already, huh?
All right.
Yep.
Well, traveling to Japan, I don't know why there's such a stark difference
between the U S which is full of releases this week, especially with
Madden, uh, and Japan, but Japan has one release this week on the PlayStation
four and five it's a vampire.
The masquerade swung song gets its release in Japan this week.
Um, that's, I believe this just recently came out here.
That's that's it.
Uh, it's the only release in Japan this week.
Again, I don't know why the difference, I don't know if it's because maybe
Madden isn't as big of a deal over there or something.
It's more FIFA or whatever, but, or, um, yeah, I just.
Because they know what real football is.
I guess so.
I, I, yeah, it's just a much slower week.
So I will go over to the UK and see how things look over there.
Dark soccer.
Only, uh, four things, uh, on the 16th, we have way of the Hunter for
PlayStation, Xbox and a PC, uh, time Asia on PlayStation and Xbox on the 18th.
And then on the 19th, Madden 23 and bug snacks on switch.
Snacks.
All right.
Let's get some more headlines and then we will get to your calls.
If we have any tonight over it, uh, vog network.com slash discord.
Again, that's VOG network.com slash discord.
If you want to join in the conversation throughout the week, I promise.
We really, really limit the use of the everyone tag.
So don't worry.
And I know you probably have a hundred discords, but we will not spam you with
everyone tags unless it's really important.
I don't think I can't even remember the last time we used it.
We don't use it every time we go live, but, uh, you can see when hosts go live
on their personal streams, not within everyone tag, but if you keep your eye
on the, uh, uh, Twitch channel, it does show you if, you know, Jamie does a
stream or I do a stream or Bobby does a stream or we all do a stream, uh, all
pings in that channel.
So, uh, check that over at vog network.com slash discord.
Meanwhile, we have some more stories for you.
Loki.
Yes.
So apparently in attempt has been accused of firing, um, a worker for
speaking up.
So there's been some allegations according to, it's been filed with
national labor relations board, um, seeing, and I guess, uh, against
Nintendo and the contract hiring agency, Aston Carter.
And apparently they're saying there's concerted activities or they're
interfering with concerted activities of workers, including possible
retaliation and coercion.
Um, the actual allegations, like some of these were, it says within six
months employer discharged an employee or employees, uh, because the
employees engaged in protected concerted activities.
By, I don't know, this is lawyer speak inter Alia, uh, protesting terms
and conditions of employment.
And in order to discourage employees from engaging in protected
concerted activities, uh, it says within the previous six months, the
employer has interfered with risk with restraint and courses employees
in the exercise of rights protected by section seven of the act by
maintaining the work rules that prohibit employees from discussing
wages, hours, and other terms of conditions of employment.
So basically, you know, sharing what they're, they're making that type
of stuff.
And, you know, there's a lot of companies that will try to get you
not to do that, even though it is legal, at least in the United States
to do that.
Um, so interesting people to talk about what they make and verify
with your teammates, what they make for pay equity.
Yeah.
So, um, apparently there was a report that was published back in
April, Nintendo's president, Doug Bowser said, I posted a message
internally to employees saying that executive leadership team was
reviewing the allegations and the company had zero tolerance policy
for discrimination, harassment, intimidation.
But apparently like, it sounds like it's still going on.
And I also want to point out if you're kind of having that thought
of like deja vu is didn't already talk about this a few weeks ago.
No, because this is a second time.
This is a new incident than what was talked about before.
Although there are some very similar parallels here, um, including
both Nintendo and the staffing agency being named, uh, in what's
going on here.
And it's just, um, it's kind of showing that like, you know, I know
Nintendo, uh, oftentimes in the industry is viewed as they do things
differently over there and, you know, they get gaming in a different
way and so forth.
Uh, but some of the problems aren't necessarily, you know, invisible
over there.
So, um, so the ad, so what they said that also the, some of the
sources that were familiar with what was going on here said that
it stemmed from a contract employee asking questions about unions at
a meeting and later being fired over something, some sort of
borderline violation of their NDA.
So it's like kind of finding a reason to fire them.
I wonder if some of this, the fact that it's showing up in the
news and stuff is going to have Nintendo kind of realign some
things, or if this, they, they just try to make this mysteriously
go away, like the first time.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Well, thanks for bringing it to light anyway.
So it's unfortunate, but, uh, yeah.
Uh, as 200 Matt points out, it's an epidemic in the industry, not
just one or two companies it's everywhere and it sucks.
And I think that's one reason why when it is Nintendo, it really
catches our attention because Nintendo, unfortunately it's in the
same boat.
So it may not be quite as horrifically mismanaged at the top as
some of these other organizations we've been talking about, but
it's not to say the problems don't exist.
Well, it's really bad for contractors because they, they it's, they
could get you for anything.
Really, they could get you for anything.
And it's ridiculous.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's, uh, let's, let's revisit some classics again, not
the classic game of the week, but something else in the classics
department, dark Sakura.
Um, well, there's, uh, uh, more games, uh, announced for the
Sega, uh, the, uh, mega drive mini too.
Um, so, uh, of course it's coming out, um, in North America
and Japan on October 27th.
Um, it is, uh, going to include for cartridge titles, the, uh,
new, uh, announcements.
So we have gang ground fantasy star, two populace, uh,
sorcery and togyo King colossus and viewpoint.
And then the, uh, mega CD titles echo the dolphin CD robo
lest, which I own both of those romances, the three kingdoms
Shin Megami Tensei and Tenka Fubo a touch, you know, uh, local.
This is sounding like a pretty cool little device.
I hope I can find one.
Does this sound like it's going to be easy to get in your pre-order?
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
As she says, I pre is doing that as one of the masses.
I pre-ordered the NA Genesis mini too.
Even though the shipping is 25 bucks for international shipping.
It's just annoying.
That's the only way to get it.
So, all right.
Just a few more stories for you, Loki.
All right.
And so EA is, uh, basically claiming that, Hey, you know what, you know,
those loot boxes that you guys always complain about with FIFA.
Well, it's actually, you know, what people love those loot boxes.
They love them.
And I mean, I understand what they're saying because, you know,
they, they're making dunk on them there.
Well, no, they're making the claim that we will hardly believe that ultimate team in the,
the food packs, um, have been, which have been part of the game for more than a decade are
part of the FIFA that players love.
Fans love that game reflects, uh, the real world excitement, strategy of building, managing
a squad, giving players a choice to spend if they want is fair.
The reason why I think that they're saying that they love them is because they're making
so much money from them because people are buying them and because people are buying them.
But I don't know if people necessarily love them.
I think that there's a lot, a good percentage of people that are pressured into buying them
because either they're susceptible to that type of practice or frustration or whatever
the case may be.
Loki.
I got some breaking news.
I have some breaking news.
EA is saying right now that people love taxes.
People love taxes.
Loki, everybody's paying them.
Well, except some people, most people are paying taxes.
I'm actually kind of a fan of taxes.
But yeah.
All right.
You'd love to be contrarian.
All right.
I'm a big socialist.
I know.
I like my taxes when they go for things like infrastructure and roads and education and
stuff like that that we probably wouldn't afford if we didn't have taxes.
All right.
Thanks for poking a hole in my joke.
Finish your story, Loki.
So I mean, yeah, that's the argument that they're trying to make is basically that,
hey, you know.
The people buy them, we make tons of money off of them, and so therefore people love
them.
I don't know that's necessarily true, though.
And obviously there's other issues with it, like the fact that it may be addictive, like
gambling and stuff like that.
It has the same type of, you know, feedback for like a person when they're purchasing
those and opening them up and stuff.
So I mean, obviously, if it was all fun and games, then they wouldn't be banned in a few
countries already because it goes against their gambling laws or they wouldn't be, you
know, catching the attention of congressmen because it's it.
Sure, I get it.
Like loot box.
People do buy those and there's a lot like people that will buy large quantities of those.
Hell, there's like streamers out there that will pay hundreds of thousands of dollars
for like DLC for games because it's content.
Diablo immortal.
Yeah, which is horrible.
But like, that's what they're going to use.
Like one person paid us a hundred thousand dollars.
Like, of course, we're going to keep doing it.
Yeah.
And yeah, and that Diablo immortal, you know, even though I say that kind of tongue in cheek,
it's it's the same thing because that game is making lots and lots and lots of money.
And I'm not so sure it deserves to make as much money as it's making.
But a lot of this content creators out there, you know, you've heard the horror stories
about somebody spending a hundred thousand dollars and all this stuff.
Sure, that's just one person, but it's one person spending a hundred thousand.
How many others are spending thousands of dollars?
And it adds up.
It's it's wild.
So all right.
Anyhow, one more story for you.
And this is in the sadness department, but I'm sure many of you have heard this week
that we lost Olivia Newton-John, of course, is the you know, everybody knows Olivia Newton-John
from Greece.
If you're Dark Soccer, I was just about to say, if you let me finish.
It was Xanadu, which had that animation part in there that was done by Don Bluth, who did
Dragon's Lair, Space Ace, you know, had that little bit in Xanadu.
But of course, of course, of course, we have to mention what you might wonder, what does
Olivia Newton-John have to do with video games?
Well, I would hope I would hope you know where this show has its roots, and that is with
Dance Dance Revolution.
And the very first song many people played in Dance Dance Revolution back in the day,
I know it was the first song I ever played, was a cover by the Olivia Project who covered
Olivia Newton-John songs, and it was much cheaper to get the rights to those.
A cover of Olivia Newton-John called Have You Never Been Mellow.
Now, if your first time you played DDR was on a third mix machine, perhaps you actually
played on Xanadu, which was another Olivia Project song that was in DDR.
And what's really funny is that there's some commentary I'm seeing on that where people
thought the movie Xanadu was about like a demon princess or something because of the
background in DDR, because it has a very strange, like, shadowy lady figure with eyes.
And it's like, no, Xanadu is about a roller rake and a muse.
And it has Gene Kelly in it.
Yeah.
It was Queen Kelly's last acting role.
Yeah.
So we watched Xanadu in my dorm room, me and Finara, when Gene Kelly died, and our other
friends there.
And then I watched Xanadu after Olivia Newton-John died, and I played the soundtrack on my stream.
Well, all of her stuff, not all the ELO stuff, because, I mean, Electric Light Orchestra.
And she was also in...
Actually, my favorite song that she did was from another movie with John Travolta that
for the life of me, I can't remember the name because it's not a good movie.
But Twist of Fate.
Oh, where the song comes from?
Yeah.
Well, the song is what I like.
Although the video is like fucking weird.
But there's a great lip sync on Drag Race.
And Olivia Newton-John was there, and it was Katya versus Sasha Bell.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That one was...
I remember that.
But that is, though, my favorite Olivia Newton-John song.
And she was looking really well.
Oh, she was.
Whenever I see her on TV.
She had battled cancer several times, unfortunately.
That's stage four metastatic breast cancer.
Now, Bubby Blackwolf in chat points out, I thought Butterfly was people's first.
Well, here's the thing.
In the original DDR game, there was only so many songs.
And the easiest song, the one footer song was that.
So most people started there.
But here's the thing.
Most games of DDR were about three songs back then.
So you would play Have You Never Been Mellow, Boom Boom Dollar, which was the two footer,
and then Butterfly, which was the three footer.
So Butterfly was kind of in your first set.
And Butterfly was also the song that like, have you never been mellow, you may or may
not have recognized depending on how much you knew about 70s hits and so forth.
But like, Butterfly was like that uniquely DDR sound to it.
You know, that really started.
And it's got a catchy fucking hook.
That's not to say the Olivia Newton-John song doesn't, but that was more of a slow
jam.
It was meant to be the starter song.
Butterfly had a very catchy hook that, you know, that whole thing that made it stick
with people.
And so they remember that.
And of course, you know, some people didn't start with the easiest song.
They might have amped it up a little bit.
So or they didn't start on a 1.0 machine.
They may have started on a USA mix, which I don't think did the USA mix have Butterfly?
I don't think it did.
It had Boys by Smile DJ, but not Butterfly.
I had the Speed Mix.
May have had the Uprising one.
Yeah.
There is something that is worth noting is that when Have You Never Been Mellow came
out, it was when she was being marketed as a country singer.
And it was her first charting single in Japan.
No, it wasn't on there.
Yeah, no, I know the original Butterfly wasn't on USA mix.
I remember that.
The Speed Mix, I think was, but not the original.
No, neither.
Really?
Okay, interesting.
It also makes me think that that's why that song was in DDR.
It's very easy to confuse third mix with USA mix because they had the same interface.
So sometimes it kind of blurs together a little bit, but I distinctly remember Boys
by Smile DK was like the song that was in there.
And then Boom Boom Dollar was definitely in it because that ended up being kind of in
there.
What?
No, that was third mix.
It was in the home version then.
It had to have been.
Maybe.
Wow.
If I forgot that, boy, oh boy.
You think we're talking about games that were 20 years old or something?
Oh my gosh.
She was in Sharknado 5.
Oh, was she?
That's funny.
And I'm also like, wait, there was a Sharknado 5?
All right, we're going to get to the listener round table.
We want to invite your chat comments, your emails, your tweets, and Discord calls over
at our green room over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
One last little thing.
The movie I couldn't think of the name of is Two of a Kind.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I don't think I ever saw that, but I know she did make that other movie with John Travolta
after the fact.
I just never saw it.
So, all right.
I'm checking quickly to see if we got any tweets this week over at OLR.
I'll check in with Dark Soccer to see if anybody emailed us.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
We just had garbage.
Garbage.
Which I deleted.
And I will say we had one tweet this week from Office Underscore Stop, who tweeted us
during last week's show.
And I thought this was pretty cool because they actually showed off their setup here
Sunday night with Twitch, VOG Network, OLR, and the Steam Deck.
And for those of you that are listening on the podcast feed, they've got OLR up on the
television, a Steam Deck on their lap, and then what was the other thing they named?
Something else multitasking on the laptop in front of them.
That's an impressive amount of multitasking.
But you know what?
Hey, if we're your background noise, I'll take it.
I'm happy to be your background noise.
And Bobby Black Wolf points out that doesn't look like OLR on the TV.
No, it is the Bobby Black Wolf logo.
But I will point out, it's probably very hard to see.
It says underneath that Bobby Black Wolf logo, thanks for watching.
Meaning your show is over.
They were preparing for OLR, but I'm glad that they spent all of Sunday night here at
the Voice of Geeks Network.
So appreciate that and the tweet.
I'd love to see other people set up.
If you have a complex system of multitasking while you participate with OLR, to be honest,
I'd love to see it.
Tweet us at OLR.
I'll retweet.
I will.
I love retweeting.
Did I retweet that one?
I don't know if I did.
Maybe I quote tweeted it.
Oh, one quote tweet.
Oh, yes, I did.
I quote tweeted it.
So send us your setups for OLR.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
All right, so no emails, no other tweets.
How about any last minute stories or things from Loki?
No, I don't have anything.
All right.
Wow.
No one's calling?
I know we don't have calls either.
Well, you know, honestly, it was kind of a slower news week, all things considered.
I mean, again, Jason kind of razzed us in the intro there about the announcement of an
announcement, and you heard the Japanese release dates there.
We are in that kind of end of summer period where, you know, it's going to start to ramp
up once we get past about Labor Day.
Then that's when the holidays, you know, pumpkin spice lattes hit Starbucks, and then that's
when, you know, things start to really ramp up.
So anyway, gingerbread latte wins.
Well, remember, all that stuff is kind of I want to say it's over for me, but it's not
what it was for me anymore.
Pumpkin candles are all I get.
Find the sugar free syrup all the time, by the way.
Yes.
And I will get used to them.
And I think I still have some from a grandpa care package from a year ago, but I will say
this.
The Starbucks competitor Dutch Brothers here in this area is well stocked with sugar free
syrups.
So I'm fully expecting they will have sugar free pumpkin.
So I'll get to have my pumpkin here or there.
And DGRMS brings up apple spice.
The thing is, with as much as I got about the Rob loves everything pumpkin, people sometimes
forgot.
I also love the apple stuff.
I also love the whatever drink that was the gingerbread, although I don't think they've
had that for years, but I loved that when that was around.
So just try this in the future.
Get for anyone who liked the apple, get a tall chai latte and add one pump of the apple
to it.
It is a delight.
Perfect.
All right.
So let's get everybody's final thoughts and then we'll wrap up.
Dark Soccer, I know you probably want to use the restroom and stuff before you stream.
So why don't you give us your final thought tonight?
Fix the camping behavior.
Take my advice and just teleport killers away from the hook for 10 seconds after they've
hooked somebody and it will be perfect.
The end.
I'm excited to see what that Rebecca perk does to the meta because they're definitely
targeting that.
So we'll see.
You might get your wish a little bit.
My favorite thing out of that though.
I hate the RPD is being split.
I mean, I like the changes.
They look good, but I like the full RPD because that is my pig map.
But Wesker has heat powers and I love it.
And I was watching LC do survivor bowling with it.
Wesker's heat power is going to be very interesting in the full game.
I'm excited to see Wesker's heat power is amazing.
All right.
Have a good stream.
Hey, I forgot to say I forgot to say before, oh no, not for you.
Just for in general, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please
help us spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about the show because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need more voices to put out here on air.
So leave a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you heard about
Orange Launch Radio.
All of that goes an awful long way as well.
Okay.
I just want to make sure I say that as well.
I say it every week.
It doesn't mean we get five star reviews, but I'm going to try, although I didn't check
the store in the last couple of weeks.
Maybe we did get one.
So Loki, do you have a final thought for tonight?
Um, yeah, I probably just try to stream more.
You should.
I can't wait to see it.
I hope you do.
Yeah.
My final thought, Dragon Con, two and a half weeks away.
Where did time go?
Dragon Con, Twitch Con, a month after that.
And then, which yes, I'm going.
And I heard about all the safety.
I know I kept cutting those stories about the safety changes.
But yeah, they went back to being safe about it now.
It's whatever for me.
Like, you know, maybe I'm just riding this wave because I'm like, I had it.
I'm immune for eight weeks now.
So, but I'm just like, if they want me to wear a mask, fine, I'll wear a mask.
But if not, like, we're getting to this point where it's like, what can you do at this point?
You just have to kind of hope the virus keeps mutating in a direction where it is getting
weaker and weaker.
And that's the good news is the one that everybody's getting is a lot weaker than what it used
to be.
Not to minimize it, but it is.
Look at the stats anyway.
And then what was the other thing I was gonna say?
Oh, then now I'm going to Seattle in November.
So I'm really looking forward to that, though.
So, all right.
That's it.
Have a great night, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a wonderful night.
Goodbye.
Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
Thank you.
