Today, March 15, 2009, GamePro goes game publisher, Call of Duty passes a landmark for online
play, and which company is giving away a free game this week?
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
And we tape live every Sunday night on allgames.com.
That's www.allgames.com, All Games Radio, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show about
six o'clock Pacific Standard Time on the West Coast, nine o'clock Eastern for the East Coast.
My name is Robert, I'm just joining you here every week.
Joining us also every week, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
How's it going?
I'm good.
How are you, Tech Master Loki?
Doing good.
All right, excellent.
And also joining us tonight, running fresh in from inside the house, live radio.
Say hello to the one and only, Jamie Summers, how you doing?
I had beer last night and I feel good.
Did you?
Congratulations.
Much beer was had.
But you always drink responsibly, correct?
Yep, that's why I have someone else be responsible for me.
All right, excellent.
All right, and of course, not only do we tape live on All Games Radio, but you can also
watch our video feed on Justin TV.
Just before the show went live tonight, we were taking a peek at Madworld on the Nintendo
Wii, which I guess has quickly become one of Loki's favorite games?
Yes.
And what is it about Madworld that you're loving?
Everything.
You brutally murder people.
Yeah, I saw you throw the guy into the air jet or something like that, just blood everywhere.
Describe this game a little bit for those that have no idea what this game is or the
fact that a game like this exists on the Nintendo Wii of all things, try to describe this game
real quick.
This game is sort of like, um, a little bit like The Running Man.
Basically, you are... the terrorists have taken over this one city and they've kind
of created this giant murder game show out of it.
And you're this guy, Jack, who decides to go ahead and enter this.
And basically all the contestants have a poison that's in them and they have to win the competition
to get the antidote.
So that's what he's doing is trying to kill everybody to get to rank number one.
Was this a Stephen King novel?
No.
Except they were running.
That was the Long Walk, Rob.
Similar.
Similarities, though.
But basically, the whole game looks like it's a black and white comic book with lots of
splashes of red when you brutally murder people.
And I mean, everything from snapping people in half at their spine to cutting them in
half with a chainsaw in multiple ways, to throwing them against a spike wall, to setting
them on fire, stabbing them with, you know, street signs.
There's so many different ways to kill people.
It's like, yeah, the graphics are like that old joke.
You know the old joke, what's black and white and red all over?
But, you know, it's like the newspaper is like the riddle or if you're a smart ass,
it's a zebra that just got shot.
But now you could say what's black and white and red all over.
Mad World is really what the graphics look like.
You are black and white and occasionally red.
It's very red.
As it is, you know, the game would be awesome just with that.
But oh no, Sega does not just stop there.
They decide that we need sports commentators as well.
And who'd they get?
Greg Proops and John DiMaggio.
John DiMaggio you might remember as the voice of Bender and Greg Proops from Whose Line.
They should have gotten Madden.
John Madden?
John, or at least Frank Caliendo.
You gotta, that would be awesome.
You gotta save something for the sequel though.
And I can guarantee there will be a sequel.
And honestly, Greg Proops is amazing and, you know, he was the announcer in Star Wars
Phantom Menace during the podrace, right?
I think so.
Anyhow, enough fanboy over Mad World.
I'm sure Loki will talk about this a little more in just a minute.
But first, we're gonna get to how was your gaming week and we do always start it off
ladies first.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Um, I played some Ragnarok.
That's really about it.
We've actually been having a different sort of gaming experience in my house, which is
called Cleaning Out the Vault.
I found so much E3 swag and no one, no one wants any of it, guys, trust me, it's shit.
Um, but we've been piling up our systems and realized that we have four Saturns, two Coleco
Visions.
Dude, I want a Saturn.
Talk to my husband.
I have two Saturns.
No, I don't, I don't.
I don't know why I would.
I have two Saturns I don't play.
What would I play on the Saturn, seriously?
But we're debating taking one of our systems and doing a giveaway with it and having, you
know, us autograph it or something, you know, maybe who wants a Coleco Vision?
Hey.
Uh, okay.
Good luck getting that shit to work.
It works just fine.
Does it really?
Coleco Visions are awesome.
Can you even hook those up to newer TVs?
We actually would be, yes, you can do, they have the, um, RCA or not RCA, the, uh, RF.
Yeah, they have an RF, but, um, but we also have, um, uh, drive two driving wheels.
So we'd have a spare driving wheel.
One of ours is Canadian.
Um, we have my Super Nintendo, which was the very first system I bought with my own money.
That was cool.
And the person who owned it before me smoked because it's all yellow.
Um, so yeah, we've got piles of stuff just hanging around and so, hey.
All right, maybe a giveaway, maybe.
Maybe, but we, we did also, um, we have a stack of old, um, strategy guides.
A number of them from the eighties.
Hey, some of that stuff goes for money on eBay.
We have how to win at Castlevania.
That's funny.
Nice.
You win at Castlevania, buy a Dracula, whoo, like in a car.
Uh, I'm going to also introduce the chat room right now at this time, chat.orangelandraday.com
always when we're taping live on Sunday nights, you know, the listener experience and getting
to interact with the show is really what makes this show unique.
Um, just kind of reading some comments here from the chat room, um, Tigerclaw says Greg
Proops is awesome.
Black Wolf points out John DiMaggio is also the voice of Marcus Fenix and he should have
done it, and I'm sorry, Quiltipo says John DiMaggio should have done it in his Waka voice.
Maybe, I don't know about that.
Waka kind of got on my, oh, Waka kind of got on my nerves by the end of Final Fantasy X,
but maybe that's just me.
Uh, let's see, other thoughts on gaming week.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was good, I, um, played a few things actually this week, um, starting off
with an, I don't know why I decided to try this, Pagle DS.
Why have I, you know, it's sad that I found Pagle now, because it is quite addicting.
Um, Yeah, wait, I don't know why you're knocking it, isn't it?
Isn't this a good thing?
I'm not knocking it, I'm saying, ah, Pagle, there's something else to be addicted to,
okay.
Oh, okay, I gotcha.
It was kind of fun, um, so, that's pretty cool, and, um, have you checked out the one
on Xbox yet?
No.
Okay, because I was going to ask you, how is it different on the DS, well, have you
played any other version of Pagle?
No.
Okay, then never mind, you can't answer my question.
I was going to ask, is it, how is it different on the DS, but I guess you can't answer that.
It's not really that different, I don't think, from anything else, it's, I mean, basically,
you control it with the stylus to aim, and then when you hold the stylus in one spot,
it'll zoom in, and then you can fine aim with that.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
And then, um, you know, you stop, button, and it'll shoot, and that's it.
Um.
SSJ100Matt asks the wife test question, asking would Nellie play Pagle?
Maybe, I haven't shown it to her yet.
You've got cookies!
Um.
For those that are randomly yelling out, my roommate just popped in the studio here, um,
and it has a really big smirk on his face, I'm trying to figure out, oh boy, okay, John
wants to speak on the show.
Did we give you a nickname on this show, John?
My roommate?
My secret nickname is either Roommate or John.
Okay, your secret nickname is Roommate or John, we gotta get you a mic here.
Alright.
Your superhero name would be the roomie.
I'm gonna make this short, um, I don't usually play tons and tons of video games, but iPhone
game app called Arveil, completely amazing, old school Final Fantasy style game, haven't
been able to stop playing it for like three days, and it's fantastic, and I actually paid
for the paid version, which is unspeakable and unheard of.
So that's my little plug.
Wait, tell us a little, how'd you find this game?
Tell us a little more about how it plays, because this is unheard of that you actually
want to participate in the show, and about video games, and not making fun of me, so
I'm, I definitely want to know a little bit more about how you found this and how it plays
and all that, like, you know, how do you control it on an iPhone?
It's pretty simple, there's a little action button for most things, and there's a little
control pad, so it's, you know, left, right, up, down, diagonals, um, found it going through
strategy games that were free on the iPhone, and then liked it so much I bought the paid
version.
It plays like an old school Final Fantasy, like, maybe Final Fantasy 5 or so, I think,
and...
Wait, am I filling in for Jamie?
Am I supposed to, like, grow tits tonight, or be extra sassy?
She's just going to the loo, I think.
She's going to the soda, which is kind of like the loo?
Maybe we should keep the soda in the bathroom.
Okay, um, what else was I going to ask, though?
Is this game available anywhere else that you know of, or, because some folks in our
chat room are saying, I don't have an iPhone, so are they just screwed?
Then I would say that their life is incomplete and they need to go buy an iPhone.
These are obvious things.
I don't know why I'm having to tell your listeners this.
Apple thanks you for the free plug.
All right.
All right, well, thank you, John, for your contributions.
Wait, you forgot to wave to Justin.TV.
They're very mad.
They had to look at your butt the whole time you were talking, and now they want some recognition.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, Loki.
I'm so sorry about that.
Anyways, that's okay, that's okay.
Other than Pagel DS, I also played Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars, which is interesting.
It's definitely a different take on Grand Theft Auto, well, not that different, I mean,
it's very similar to 1 and 2, but having come off of 4 and Lost and Damned, it is kind of
hard to go back to the 2D stuff, or top-down Grand Theft Auto games, but it's okay.
Very similar to the older games, they did add some neat touch screen stuff into it as
well.
Haven't played a whole lot of it yet, so I can't give a full impression on it yet, but
it's okay so far.
Storyline's kind of, eh, but we'll see, I mean, it might get better, but right now it's
kind of cheesy.
And then, other than DS stuff, I have also played, of course, more Lost and Damned, still
lots of multiplayer in that.
Playing around with the glitch of the game, there's a spot where pedestrians spawn in
the middle of the air and fall from the sky.
Sounds kind of fun.
And then, I played a little bit of PS3 today, I went ahead and finally got around to playing
the little big planet Contra levels, so that was kind of fun.
And I also went and played Nobby, Nobby Boy for a few, I would say, yeah, a few seconds
until Nelly's like, that bass sound when you're stretching is really fucking annoying, so
I had to turn it off, so I stopped playing that.
Yeah, pretty much.
She cracked the whip, you had to stop playing.
And then, of course, you know, Mad World, you know, that game's awesome in all sorts
of ways, and unfortunately I haven't really made it past the first level, because I haven't
gotten a chance to actually sit down and play it for a long enough time, so.
The first level's really cool, though, so I can't wait.
Alright.
Well, my gaming week was actually pretty busy, considering I was out of town for like three
days, I didn't think I'd have a very busy gaming week, the only thing I really played
on the plane was Metroid Zero.
Yes, I went back, and it's my second favorite Metroid game, next to Super Metroid, I went
back and played on my DS, the Game Boy Advance cartridge slot, Metroid Zero, because that
game is pretty fantastic, especially because I'm such a fan of Super Metroid, of course
I'm going to like Metroid Zero, it's practically the same thing, but, you know, with different
levels and a different layout.
So if, you know, you need an oldie but goodie to check out, because this game's probably
about five years old now, I think it's from 04, check out Metroid Zero, it was one of
the last Advance games, I think, before they started switching over to DS stuff.
Otherwise, as far as other stuff goes, I actually took a trip last night with Rice Princess,
we went out to Roseville Golf Land, which is the local arcade, and we've given it a
lot of crap on this show, because Roseville Golf Land is the place where games go to die.
That's what we've always talked about here on the show, because you go there and, you
know, you just have to imagine, for those, you know, I know not everybody lives where
we live and knows this place, but it's a giant castle with a big golf course and a big water
park that they're known for, but it's just like they let little kids just run the frickin'
place because of it, and, of course, they don't know how to treat machines, parents
don't know how to police their children in a place like that, so the machines-
And they change their diapers on the machines.
Are always, yeah, oh god, and if you think she's lying, that's a completely true story,
that a diaper was once changed on a keyboard mania machine, but regardless, the machines
run down, broken, bleh, but we heard they got a BeatMania 2DX machine, so we had to
go check it out, and you know what?
We went, and I hadn't been in like a year, 18 months or so, and color me shocked, but
the place looked really nice.
Like they remodeled or something, they did some repainting in there, I didn't find a
machine that was broken, everything looked to be in a good state, I mean, granted, I
saw a Supernova 2, the monitor was a little junky, but honestly, considering all the parts
worked, the Max2 pads worked great, 2DX was in awesome condition, they've come a long
way.
I don't know if they're under new management or what the hell's going on over there, but
we have to admit when things change for the better, and I think that-
It's winter, that's why, no money for the water park.
Maybe, I don't know, but I've been there in winter before and been extremely disappointed,
so I don't know what's going on, but it's working, whatever they're doing, so props
to those guys, and sorry for giving you so much crap, but I guess it worked, because
the place was in a good state, so I played BeatMania 2DX Distorted, which I played before
because I had it at E3 a few years ago, but I haven't really touched BeatMania 2DX in
a long time, like it's been a long, long time, probably since this show took a more general
gaming approach as opposed to just music video games that we used to do, but I missed it,
it was fun.
Granted, I found myself playing all old songs, but yeah, I definitely want to go back and
play some more.
I had a really good time playing BeatMania 2DX, although I still think the newer songs
are not nearly as good as the older songs, I'm sorry to say.
Questions from chat, Floatwalk wants to know, does R. Vigal still have Disney's Rave?
Yes they do, I didn't play it though, but they do have Disney's Rave, and Rice Princess
is actually in chat right now saying 2DX was in excellent shape and loud, so yeah, the
machine was nice and loud, because you could turn the effectors on and all that.
So tell them about, was it Guitar Hero Arcade?
Yes, they had Guitar Hero Arcade which I played, I only played it once, so I can't really give
a full review on it, I can just tell you I got pissed off, because Roseville Golf Land
also switched to cards, they don't use tokens anymore, but cards, and when I was swiping
the card through and everything, I somehow hit the button an extra time to start the
game and I accidentally got on easy mode, and you can't switch it once you're on easy
mode.
But to me, honestly, it just looked like the freaking home game, except a smaller song
list, and it was just basically Guitar Hero 3 with a slightly smaller song list, and prettier
because there's lights on the machine and it spins around and the TV they use is very
very crisp, it's a very sharp image, but I don't know, would you want to pay a dollar
a game for something you can get at home?
But I understand there is an audience for this thing, and it's kind of cool to go out
and play with your friends and all that stuff, so I can see where this machine might do decent,
but if you have Guitar Hero at home, I don't see the point in this game, honestly.
Let's see, what else did I do in my gaming week this week?
I played the demo of The Last Remnant on the PC, and I was a little disappointed at how
choppy it was, and I just bought this PC back in August, so I know it's not like old parts
or anything, but I was a little disappointed at how choppy it was, but the game itself
seemed kind of fun, so I might try to check it out on Xbox 360, although the PC wasn't
supposed to have all the extra stuff.
Pagle on Xbox Live Arcade, I downloaded and played for a while, and good times.
You know, I was already addicted to the one online, it's Sparkles and Rainbows and Plinko,
it's fun.
I need to play some more of the multiplayer though before I can kind of give my full impressions
on that, but I had fun playing Pagle, and I think a lot of people are going to check
this out.
What I like about Pagle versus PopCap's other efforts on Xbox Live, such as Bejeweled 2
and Zuma, is that this doesn't just feel like a port of their PC game, the full one, it
feels like they've really tinkered some stuff to work with Xbox Live, hence the multiplayer,
and they've really kind of made it special for Xbox Live, and I think that's what's kind
of cool about Pagle, it makes it really stand out amongst some of PopCap's other games they've
had on Xbox Live so far.
Not to say the other stuff was bad, but it was just kind of the same thing that I'd already
played on PC if I'd had the full version, and Pagle's kind of a step above that.
The last game I will mention that I played this week, Dance Dance Revolution Universe
3 was on sale, so I figured, what the heck, I picked it up, I bought it, because I got
a new dance mat for Xbox, whatever, and got to play Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3.
Do you want to know what the most hilarious thing about Dance Dance Revolution Universe
3 is?
Okay, they, on the back of the box, they advertise these songs that are in the game, one of them
being harder, better, faster, stronger, right?
So I was like, okay, I want to check that song out.
It's not in the game.
In fact, of all the songs that are mentioned on the back of the box, apparently only one
of them is actually in the game, and no, it's not, like, I looked on web forums, DDR Freak,
which is still kicking after all these years, who knew, DDR Freak apparently confirms these
songs are not in the game, but they're advertised on the back of the box.
Well, that's false advertising.
I know!
I say, we sue Konami.
What's up with that?
We'll turn it around on him.
Look, I understand.
No, we will sue Konami.
I understand mistakes happen and all, but this is a pretty fucking big mistake.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
That's, that's, I'm surprised they're not trying to send out stickers to Critter.
How does something like that happen?
Like, who fucked up that bad?
It's been out for a while, they probably just figured no one has noticed, you know?
My god.
Um, but look, look, the game itself, look, putting the box aside and all that trite crap,
you know, the game itself is okay.
It's not my favorite home version of a DDR game.
In fact, I think I even preferred the song list in Universe 1.
It's definitely no Ultramix 2.
But it's not bad.
The interface is pretty slick, very crisp, very vibrant graphics, funny background animations,
2DX fan service, because they have the actual music video for Murmur Twins and some of that
stuff in the game, decent licensed songs, some really cute kind of original stuff.
A little heavy on certain in-house artists of Konami.
I guess maybe there's just been a shift over there where they're starting to use people
like Diamashura and 0039.com and some of these people are using them more often, it seems
like, than your Naoki, your Takus, and all these guys that probably left, which is why
they're having a shift.
Also I thought it was strange, the download content, the interface, you can't preview
the songs, I never heard of any of them, so I don't know what I want to download.
Do they even have download content?
My Universe, yeah they do.
My Universe 1 songs though did not come into Universe 3, but apparently there's a Universe
pack available, so I'm not sure if it's trying to make me re-buy the songs I already bought
with Universe 1, and if that's the case, that's kind of crappy.
There's a crap load of songs to unlock, so I'll give them a plus there.
There's tons and tons of songs to unlock.
Quest mode is a little silly though, and I hate how everybody speaks.
Everybody talks like people think ghetto people talk.
That's how the dialogue has gone, like the whole yo-dog type stuff, like, oh everybody,
it's just bad.
Dialogue by Randy Jackson.
It's bad.
Leo Shan asks, was the quest mode like you got served Sky?
No, it's weird.
It's like this big circular thing, and you go to these different places, and in the first
circle you gain coins to challenge people in the second circle, and if you beat them
you get the song.
It wasn't incredibly difficult.
I unlocked the entire second circle in one night, but now it won't let me go to the third
circle because I haven't played enough in the first circle, but I don't want to play
the easy stuff, but whatever.
Eventually you'll get to the seventh ring of hell.
It's just like, here's the thing, I don't want to necessarily give this game a negative
review because I don't think it's necessarily bad, and I do encourage people to play DDR
because I think it's a way to stay fit and exercise, and again, I think everything's
pretty sharp.
I don't necessarily like some of the creative direction they took in it.
I don't think the new quest mode is anything that exciting.
I don't think the new interface is that great.
I think having the giant CD cover box art thing in the wheels is a bit much.
I don't go for it.
I'm telling you, if you make me the production director of this series, I could bring it
around like nothing.
It's not necessarily bad.
It's just another DDR game, and at this point these things are a dime a dozen, so I really
want to see the DDR teams at Konami really try to reinvent this stuff, and for the love
of God, whoever made that big mistake about putting songs on there that weren't actually
in the game, that just kind of speaks as to how lazy they're getting.
It's not necessarily a big deal, okay, so somebody made a mistake, whatever, but it
just speaks volume as to how lazy it feels like they're getting with DDR, which is sad
because I know there's a lot of people that work very hard on this series.
I've had friends who worked for the series that work very hard on it.
It's some of these creative things coming up from the top level.
I'm surprised they didn't make a big deal about that everywhere, because hell, they
made a big deal out of the IGN watermark being on the Okami cover, and that was something
really stupid and small and had no impact really on the game.
I don't know, and then there was Super Stardust Portable that was missing modes and stuff
that were advertised on there.
This is kind of a big deal that there's songs missing from the game that are advertised
on there, because that right there, say if you bought it for that song, you're being
ripped off right there, and the fact that it's not available for...
I don't think even download content would cut it, and it would have to be free download
content or a patch or something that would get automatically added to the game or something
when you connect it live, but I don't know, it's just cheap and they could have easily
affixed it with a sticker or something to go over that part of the box, that way it's
gone or something, say at the last minute they decided to pull the rights to it or something.
It screams lazy, that's all it is.
And I'm just saying, companies, don't think we don't notice when y'all get lazy.
There are people that notice and there are people that go, okay, I'm spending $60 of
my money on this game, take five seconds to...
It's like Nintendo again.
Or delay it, that's what every other company does.
The problem is, in their quest to branch out to people that haven't tried their games before,
or people that normally don't play their games, they have in turn lost the people that do
play their games, because they just don't care anymore.
It's like shifting your focus to actually increase your market share with groups of
people that don't normally play your games, and ignoring your core players and thinking
they're just going to stick around is not the way to be thinking.
Here's my challenge, this is my last thing I want to say, because I know there are people
at Konami that listen to this program, and I'm not just talking about people that are
like my personal friends and what have you, but I know there's people higher up.
Look, less than three is one of the songs in freaking DDR Universe 3, the same song
that was a theme song to Rice Princess' show she had on the old station, okay?
If that doesn't prove somebody at Konami is looking out for us, I don't know what does,
okay?
Here's the thing I want to say to y'all, look, I love DDR, DDR has introduced me to a lot
of great people, I would not know Loki, I would not know Dark Soccer if it were not
for DDR, however, that being said, do not throw away a good thing, do not be afraid
to reinvent yourselves, and I challenge you, step away from making, resist the temptation
of doing a Universe 4, or X2, or Disney 3, I want you to nuke your code and start from
the ground up, build a new DDR game from the ground up, no recycled code, make a brand
new DDR game, and really try to push the limits of what you're doing with it, I think you
would really stand to win back a lot of people that are starting to think you're getting
a little lazy.
They did it before, and what did it do for the community for a while, I mean it really
rejuvenated everything when we got the Max series, remember when it was new?
And honestly, DDR UltraMix, especially 2, not so much UltraMix 1, but UltraMix 2, and
they really were getting in their groove, no pun intended, sold me on an Xbox, it really
did.
And that was all new code, because they had to make it for the Xbox.
Also the other thing too, I think, is the way that they're treating their series, I
mean look at Pump It Up, and the new versions of that game, there's a lot of excitement
behind it, they bring it out, it's like, BAM, it's a new game, it's awesome, it's got all
these things in it, and people get excited about it, but DDR, it's like, oh, new DDR,
hooray, this time it's got more Disney characters, hurrah, it's just that no one cares anymore,
and they need to really change it up, I'm serious, I have a way to fix this, but no
one wants to listen, and I don't feel like explaining it, because, well, it's just, it's
all in my head, and unfortunately I can't put it on paper very, you know, but I can
explain it, basically the whole quest mode thing, taking a totally different approach
to that, basically you have stuff that goes along, because the problem with quest mode
is they don't know how to make it where it actually matters, I mean, you can't obviously
do it as like a dance off competition thing, because it doesn't make any sense, it's just,
you can't do that in DDR, because it's a technical game, it's not based on, you know, doing moves
and that kind of crap, but if you make it as something different, like say for example,
how well you're doing in a song affects the performance of say, something else that's
going on, totally separate things, you know, just basically instead of, you know, your
actions on a gamepad or something like that, it's based on the accuracy of, you know, the
steps that you're hitting and that kind of stuff, if you make that interact with the
other thing that's going on, you can make the quest mode about anything you want, and
it doesn't have to be about DDR or anything, you can just really broaden it out there.
Alright, we'll see if anyone's listening, you can contact Loki directly at loki at orange
launch reader dot com, I'm sure he'll talk your ear off about it. Let me read some comments
from chat, I don't want to spend too much more time on DDR, because since we have branched
out the scope of our show, I know there's some people that listen that don't really
care as much about the music games, but I will say this though, good exercise, you know,
if you've never played DDR, try it for the exercise alone. Let's see, comments from chat,
Float Walk says two words, national tournament, that's definitely what Pump It Up does, you
know, the tournaments they do in Korea are huge, and Float Walk says for crying out loud
the tournament scene made DDR's popularity in the states, true facts. Acidic Vampire
says what DDR needs is violence like Madworld. DDR does not need violence, at least not that
level of violence, I mean, no, it doesn't need that. DDR needs fatalities. But I do
agree that you could take the quest mode and literally make it like an RPG type thing,
you know, like it's, I don't know, it's, it's hard. No, no, no, no, no, no, I will tell
you a reason why RPG stuff will never work with Dance Dance Revolution, and it all goes
back to a little known game called Dance Dance Dance. No. I think I remember that game, yeah.
Yes, I've played it, and yes it sucks. Alright, anyhow, let's move on, I don't want to spend
too much time re-re-reminiscing the old days, although that's kind of what I did this week
by going to Golf Land, so there you go. Alright, since that does it for our gaming week, let's
get to some housekeeping. Alright, so look, we've sat here and kind of been critical of
DDR for the last few minutes, but I will say this, you know, at our heart we do love Konami,
and so on, on our website www.orangelandrater.com, they actually have been polling all of our
listeners all week long about your top three favorite Konami games since their 40th birthday
is coming up, and we're giving them a present now with this week long feature of the best
games as selected by you guys, the listeners, from Konami's archives. 1500 Konami games
over the years, if you can believe it. Speaking of voting, March Madness is almost over, it's
down to the final four, and right now you have Rock Band versus Super Mario Bros. 3,
and you have Chrono Trigger versus Zelda Link to the Past, and I believe voting time is
going to be up very, very soon, so if you're listening live here on this Sunday evening,
you're going to want to go try to get in your last minute votes, and the final two will
probably be decided tonight. March 22nd, next week, I'm not going to be here, so I'm not
sure if there's going to be a show or not. Stay tuned to our website www.orangelandrater.com
for more details, I think they might try to find a way to tape elsewhere, but I will not
be here next week, I'm going to be on a trip, but I will be back in two weeks, so we'll
keep you posted. Alright, that's really it for housekeeping, just stay tuned to our website.
Actually I want to say something about the website real fast, actually. I feel like I've
kind of been slacking off, because I haven't been doing a lot of articles for the website
or what have you, but it has been so refreshing to go to orangelandrater.com, and I'm seeing
new stuff every day, it's completely unreal, but some of our long-time listeners, like
Deakman, ActDeaf, DarkTedTsuya, and I'm sure the list goes on, I don't mean to leave people
out, but they've been writing articles about indie game spotlights, games you ought to
be playing, but you probably aren't, and highlighting music from video games, and it's been actually
really cool to kind of go to the site and see this stuff. And what I love about it,
is that in a way it's because we're not doing it, it's kind of what this show is all about,
letting the listeners have control, and the community, and what the community wants to
hear about, so props to you guys who've all been working hard on the website, it's been
pretty awesome. And I have an idea for a feature too that I'm hoping to contribute very soon,
and I'll be back on posting regular updates very soon. Okay, now I think that's it for
housekeeping, let's get into some gaming news, we're only like 30 minutes into the show,
let's get to it. Loki, start us off with some gaming news. Yes, so anyways, there has been
some concern by MTV's Totillo that there might not be enough exclusives during 2009 for the
Xbox 360. Now, unfortunately what Steven doesn't realize is that there are, but he just doesn't
understand that there are a lot of things coming out that people think that aren't exclusive
are exclusive, and that they think that are exclusive that aren't exclusive, so it's kind
of confusing. For example, he says the loss of Xbox exclusive franchises like Mass Effect,
unfortunately for him, Mass Effect, I don't think, as of right now, is not, well it is
multi-platform, but not with the PS3. So, you know, because right now I think there's
only a SKU listing for the Xbox 360 version, I think the other platform they're talking
about was PC, which makes sense, because they've released them both, but I think it is going
to be exclusive for Xbox 360 right now. And Project Gotham Racing, well, Project Gotham
Racing I don't think is even going to be existing anymore, at least if they are going to do
another Project Gotham Racing game, I think it's not going to be called Project Gotham
Racing, it'll probably be something different, but hey, who cares. And then of course Splinter
Cell Conviction, whenever the hell that comes out, you know, obviously it might be one that's
going to be on 360, and Alan Wake, also whenever that comes out as well. Then of course there's
also Halo 3 ODST, or whatever they're calling it now, and I mean that's just for right now.
Obviously they haven't really been talking much about their 2009 lineup, which they're
probably saving for E3, you know, they're just going to be like, bam bam bam bam, here's
all this shit, you know, that's coming out. But, do you think they are going to, at E3,
just blow us away? Um, maybe. I mean, because there's, I can kind of see where this guy
has some concerns for Xbox 360, because even, you know, they don't have a big Halo 3 this
year or anything of that caliber, I mean, granted you had Halo Wars, but it's not the
same thing. You know, there's no big, big must-have title, it feels like we got a lot
of that last year. Well, they're not going to let us down with just, you know, the Halo
ODST, and that could be what they consider their big title, but then again, that's also
right now for September, that's scheduled for September. I mean, we very well could
get something else, I don't know if they were going to get another Gears of War, to be honest
I hope not, you know, give it some space, but I think there's going to be other things
coming out for sure, because they definitely don't like leaving in a lot of months without
a Microsoft game coming out, and you know, right now we just had Halo Wars come out,
Ninja Blade's coming out pretty soon, you know, there's still a lot more months that
there's nothing been announced yet, and I wouldn't be surprised if there's other things,
and that's only first-party exclusives, we're not even talking about third-party exclusives
yet, but you know, right now, there are a lot of companies that just don't want to develop
for the PS3, or they're having trouble developing on the PS3, and it's taken them a lot longer
to put out the PS3 version. For example, this isn't a great game, but Leisure Suit Larry
boxed off his bus, coming out on 360 in a couple weeks, and the PS3 version's been delayed
to May. Another one that people thought is also going to be exclusive to the Xbox 360,
at least a timed exclusive, is Bioshock 2, right now I'm not seeing that, right now it's
day and date with the PS3 version, but of course, that can change, that's months off
right now, so I wouldn't be surprised if there is going to be a lot more stuff announced,
and Bioshock 2 is going to be a huge Christmas title, but it's not specific to any system.
Yeah, well, I think it actually is going to be coming out in August, just like it did
the first time, but there's tons of stuff coming out that we don't know about yet, that
are going to be big titles, and I'm sure that each side, both the PS3 and the Xbox 360 are
both going to have exclusive titles that are going to be really awesome, so I don't really
think it matters about the exclusive titles, because there's just more titles coming out
on the Xbox 360 right now, period. Alright, you know, and also, one thing that Microsoft
usually does, and I'm sure Nintendo and Sony are going to do this too, especially speaking
of E3, you know, they like to unveil things to these big events that are available on
live right now, or on PlayStation Network right now. There's something else too that
I totally forgot about, Game Developers Conference, which I think is what, next week? Oh yeah.
Yeah, so I mean, there's going to be announcements probably there as well, I mean, there's lots
of stuff, and not only that, but they're not only focusing on just console stuff, I mean,
you've got XNA, which is really hitting its strides now, Xbox Live Arcade, who knows what
they're going to go with. I don't think at Game Developers Conference, though, you're
going to get huge game announcements, but I think you'll get, like, infrastructure type
things. Like, remember, Game Developers Conference was where, like, Home was announced. That
was kind of an enhancement to Sony's platform. I don't think XNA was announced at, or no,
I mean, XNA was, I mean, NXC, the new Xbox experience, I don't think that was announced
at Game Developers Conference, but I could see that being the type of thing, you know,
things that affect the developers, you know, things that affect the backbones of these
systems, or the types of announcements I would expect to see, you know, upgrades and things
of that note. Maybe this would be a great time for Nintendo to finally put out that
SD card thing they've been talking about. That would be great. I've got a 2GB card right
here, right here, just waiting to go in the Wii, to store all my crap. So, I'm hoping
that thing will come out soon. Alright, well, there will be, actually, wait, I've got to
read, there will be some comments from chat right now, that's the one I've got to read
right now. AcidicVampire is betting at E3 this year, Microsoft will reveal that Final
Fantasy XIII Versus will be on the Xbox 360. Hmm. I doubt that. You never know. GameGuru
says, Microsoft at E3 will announce that the best non-Sony games that are appearing on
PlayStation 3 will also be on the Xbox 360. Amazetatsuma corrects me and says, Microsoft
did Gears 2 was announced at Game Developers Conference. So, it is not unheard of for games
to be announced at E3. Yeah, because they're talking about the enhancements to Unreal 3,
that stuff. You might hear something about Unreal 4, maybe, I don't know, that might
be interesting. That could be. Maybe some stuff from id from about Doom 4, because I
think they're going to be talking about that and probably rage a little bit. What was I
going to say, though, yeah, the whole rumor thing about, like, Final Fantasy Versus, Square
has kind of already done that with Xbox 360. If you notice, the last few games that they
put out have been only on Xbox 360, and have been exclusive. Star Ocean, Last Hope, The
Last Remnant, before that, oh gosh, I'm forgetting now, but yeah, a lot of their RPGs are going
to be, you know, strictly on the Xbox 360, but now they're going to start getting some
PS3 ones. Infinite Undiscovery, was the other one you were talking about? Yeah, Infinite
Undiscovery, that was what I was thinking. Stuff I did not buy. I don't know, so there's
going to be a lot of companies that are going to be developing for them, because it's easier
to develop on that platform, unless Sony figures out a way to educate these guys a lot faster
and figure out how to develop for a lot easier, you know, that's going to be the problems
they're going to face, and right now, being this far into the console cycle, it's probably
not going to change. So we'll just have to wait for the next round, and we'll see how
it goes there. Alright, well let's keep moving with the news here, because we're running
kind of long tonight, but that's alright, good discussion, right DarkSakura? What else
is new, huh? I know, we're always running long, we're a big fat bloated shell. Hey,
let's talk about some other Xbox 360 releases, but this is actually one for Japan, this is
something that's going to be coming out in Japan. Obviously, Microsoft's had a little
difficulty trying to penetrate the market in Japan, and you know, thanks to some of
these, you know, role playing games that Loki was talking about earlier, they've had a little
bit of luck, but they still have yet to really just break through and be massive over there.
Maybe this will help, because the Japanese love their shmups, shoot em up, shmup. This
one is called Mamoru-kun Has Been Cursed, that would be the English translation of this
title. It is coming out on the Xbox 360, it's going to come with a soundtrack CD and a super
play DVD, that's a limited edition that's coming out on the Xbox 360, coming out for
8500 yen, but if you want the regular edition, it's 5980 yen. Now let me tell you a little
bit about this game here, it's been developed by G-Rev, and apparently it does some type
of, it has character designs in it by Mizuki Takayama, he did some other famous shmup games.
This is actually a translation of an arcade game. Looks like you play a little dude, you're
not actually a ship, but it looks like you're actually a little person that's walking around
kind of doing the fighting, so kind of interesting. It's about an elementary school student who
finds themselves in a nightmarish underworld, so it definitely looks kind of cool. The interesting
thing though about these shmups, they don't translate well for widescreen systems, because
you know, shmups are usually very vertical-oriented, you can't really turn your TV on its side,
so you only end up using a very small portion of the screen. You can if you have a really
kick-ass mounting setup. That's true, but people don't usually have that. Well, my husband's
new monitor, the widescreen HDMI, has access to PivotOn, and actually a lot more that you're
finding these days are built to shift position. And I think some of the games, even the Xbox
Live arcade games like Ikaruga I think did support that as well. We have a few Saturn
games that actually will let you do that, I can think Thunderblade, one of the Thunderblade
games will do it. Well, just to give you an idea of some of the other things that G-Rev
has developed, because it's coming out here, they did do some work with Ikaruga and Gradius
5, just so you know. They did some programming and background graphic design for Ikaruga
and same thing for Gradius 5, so they have touched those games, and they've also done
some work with Doki Doki Idol Star Seeker, which is an old school Dreamcast game. So
there you go! This game, a shmup coming out in Japan, no word if it's coming out over
here, although I gotta be honest, probably not. Well, how about we shift gears a little
bit? Ah ha ha! Cause it's Gears of War 2 patches! Isn't that fun, Rob? Cool! Well, there's going
to be a premium map pack called Snowblind that's coming out on March 31st, and it'll
have three new maps and a remake of Fuel Depot from the first Gears of War, and it's supposed
to bring in experience-based ranking and rebalance the gameplay a bit more, try to give everyone
a better sense of progression, and you'll still be using the true skill system, but
it's sort of background now. It's really just something to make people feel more, you know,
rewarded for how well they do. So you can earn your experience in matches that will
get you through 100 levels, you get milestones for, you know, each level, I think, each certain
level that you get, so you get an achievement for it, as well as, of course, the packs.
So there's a possibility of getting another 250 gamer score points. There's an auto-balancing
feature that will put a bot in place if you fall out during mid-match, although you also
get an XP penalty, and it will correct scoring issues. So there's no real price on the map
pack yet, but as comparison, the combustible map pack is 800 Microsoft points. So the maps
that are coming with this, one's called Grindyard, that's a wintery junkyard processing plant
thing. It's supposed to be a spiritual successor to Gridlock. There's Underhill and Courtyard
also, in addition to the Fuel Depot remake. Very nice. And ActDeft approves in our chat
room, Fuel Depot was the best map of the first Gears of War, says ActDeft. That's probably
why they're bringing it back. That's probably why it's coming back for another round, absolutely.
We like it! Okay, here. Yay! And of course people are going to be excited that they can
increase their gamer score by another 250 points. Here goes your E-peen! Well, I just
want to say, my E-peen hit a landmark today. Where's your E-peen at? Just today. I crossed
10,000 gamer score today. Woo-hoo! I don't think I'm even nearly there. I think I'm like
under 1,000 still. That's alright, slow and steady wins the race. Took me a few years
to get here. Slow and steady means Jamie's got other stuff to do. Well, you have to play
games with really easy gamer score too, like DDR, like you get an A on a song, you get
50 points, you know things like this. You have entered a shop, champagne! Exactly. So
apparently, there's a good use for some of your Xbox 360 systems that may be broken.
One use, of course, would be to convert it into a bong, and that's what someone has done,
actually. They have converted their Xbox 360 system into a bong. Obviously, it doesn't
work anymore, and I'm sure it's been gutted, but yes, now it is a bong, and you can smoke
out of it. Awesome. But, of course, you would only smoke tobacco out of it, right? Of course,
because anything else would be illegal. Because, you know, everybody smokes tobacco out of
bongs. Right. Actually, I do know people who actually will do tobacco in a bong, but I
don't do ginseng and other stuff. Is that like a hookah type thing? Yeah, it's pretty
much just a modified hookah, but it's the same difference. But, I'm looking at the picture
of it, and I would do better with that. I mean, would you really want to turn your Xbox
360, of all things, into a bong? I'd be calling it the Xbox 420. Well, to be honest, you wouldn't
have to necessarily have an Xbox 360. You could buy a replacement case, and it's like,
just buy a bong. I mean, seriously, it's not even worth, you know, just setting it up.
Class, you get a hookah. It's like, why bother, you know? Why bother other than, oh, look,
I did that. Okay, great. Now one person's converted their system into a bong, no one
else needs to do it, because it's a waste of time. Alright, alright. Am I the only person
here who's reminded of Dennis Leary? How so? Saying that smoking pot doesn't lead to other
drugs, it leads to carpentry? Perhaps. AcidicVampire in chat says, if you use your
360 as a bong, you will see Yaris. This is possible. This is very possible. Alright,
look, look. Don't turn your 360 into a bong. Get it to work again so that you can get new
games on it. Although this game is not on the 360, but it's a developer that makes a
lot of games for 360. PopCap is giving away a free game. That's right, a free game. It's
actually, I believe, going on right now. It's kind of like a St. Patrick's Day promotion.
It's going to go through March 24th. The game you can get is Big Money. You can get the
game for free on PopCap. So go check it out. Big Money, kind of like the game Poppet, if
you've ever played it with the balloons. You're basically trying to make, you know, like four
of the same color that touch, and it has a money theme going to it, yeah. It's just like
the balloon game if you've ever played it, but kind of like, oh no, don't you click them
away in this one. When you see matches of four, you click on it, and then they go away
and everything compresses together. I think that's this one. That's how the balloon one
is. So there it is. You click on them, and then it compresses together, and you don't
want it to go past the top of the screen. I've played this before, like a long time
ago, but it's free, so now I can go play it again, unlimited, but I have to get it before
the 24th. So check it out. And as Zach Def says in chat, Big Money, Big Money, no whammies,
stop! No, it's not that kind of big money, sorry to say. Maybe someday on one of those
live. You need to play your gift. I want to get people over and play the pressure. It'll
be fun. I have the Press Your Luck DVD game. That's what Dark Sakura's talking about. It'll
be fun. Alright. How about some release dates? How about it, Rob? Let's start in the UK with
Dark Sakura. Well, there's really, um, most of them are on the 20th. There is a game being
released on the 18th, which is The Path on PC, which I know nothing about. Um, then there's
some stuff on the 20th. As I said, there's Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars on DS, Mad
World on Wii, which is beautiful and completely bloodlicious. There's Ready to Rumble Revolution
on Wii, Rhapsody a musical- didn't Rhapsody already come out? I don't know. No, Rhapsody
a musical adventure on DS, The Last Remnant on PC, The Wheelman on PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation
3. And that's it. The US doesn't have much coming out, unfortunately, this week. Starting
things off, of course, we have, um, you know, on the DS, and I think this is held over from
last week, but World Championship Games, a track and field event, um, it got delayed
to, um, Monday. And that's on the DS, also Valkyrie Profile coming in the plume, also
coming out on Monday on the DS. Um, Tuesday is when we have most of the stuff coming out,
including, um, another DS game, Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars. Also on the DS, Henry
Hatsworth in a Puzzling Adventure, which is pretty cool, kind of combines puzzle and platforming
there. Um, also on the DS, Mind, Body, and Soul Big World Puzzle Book. Um, on another
Nintendo platform, on the Wii, we have Ready the Rumble Revolution, also Provolution Soccer
2009 on the Wii as well. Um, also have Rune Factory Frontier, and some more DS titles.
We have on the DS and PSP Scrabble, on PlayStation 2, Sing Star Queen, also on the DS, Suicoden
T-Crease, um, Trackmania DS, also on the DS, and on the Wii, Crayola Adventures Colorful
World. Wow, that sounds awesome. Not. Awesomely bad. Awesomely bad, yes. Um, let's see, this
week on Xbox Live Arcade, we're supposed to be getting Hasbro Family Game Night, also
on DS, SBK08, Superbike World Championship. On PC, a few things, The Path, Runes of Magic,
Grand Ages Rome, Ether Saga Online, Tom Clancy's Hawks, and Woman's Murder Club, A Darker Shade
of Grey, oh, and Men of War. That's it, pretty kind of lame release week, but, oh, and on
PSP, how could I forget this, I was actually going to play this, Resistance Retribution.
Can't wait to check out the, like, linking stuff on that. Actually, I can't wait to finish
Resistance 2, since I haven't really played much of that. Hey, quick question for you,
completely random, but since you know about, you know, games that are in demand and all
that stuff, um, what's up with the Retro Game Challenge? I tried to go to Best Buy to get
it the other day, and they said they had none in stock, and they weren't expecting any more.
Is this, is this like a hard to find game now? I guess. It's Atlas, so Atlas puts out
their games in very limited quantities, and a lot of these places, you know, think it's
going to be too niche of a title, and so they don't bring it in. And then people start asking
for it, and then you can't find it. Interesting. I know, because I actually was hearing Bobby
say good things about it last week, and he's not the only one, so my other friends are
talking about how they enjoyed Retro Game Challenge, so I was actually going to pick
it up on the DS, and then I can't find it. Oh well. I'll just get it on Amazon or something,
I guess, if I have to. Alright, let's go over to Japanese release dates, and actually also
Slow Week in Japan. On the Xbox 360, nothing. On the Playstation 3, MLB 09 The Show is coming
out in other Asian regions, not just Japan. It's kind of making an Asia release, so otherwise
as far as Japanese only games, nothing. How about the Nintendo Wii? Now you get some stuff
for Japan. Darts Wii Deluxe, Monopoly Here and Now the World Edition, Tiger Woods PGA
Tour 09 All Play, and Winter Sports 2009 The Next Challenge, all of those titles coming
out on the 19th of March. Checking the handhelds out, actually first I want to mention on the
Playstation 2, there's a couple price reductions on the games Naraku no Shiro and Sankokushi
X get price reductions on the Playstation 2. As far as the Nintendo DS goes, Dengeki
Gakuken Cross of Venus RPG is coming out on March 19th, as well as Gardening Mama makes
its Japanese debut on March 19th. Are you interested in Gardening Mama, Dark Sakura?
Because I knew you were a big fan of a Cookie Mama. I would rather just cook it and have
someone else do my gardening for me. Let's see, also coming out, Kuroshitsuji Phantom
and Ghost comes out from Squeenix on the 19th of March, and the Pets series also making
its way to Japan. Cats, Dogs, Horses and Monkeys, those are all separate games making their
release in Japan. Zookeeper gets a price reduction, that game's been out forever. You finally
get that in Japan. Let's take a quick look at the PSP, see if there's anything I want
to mention on the PSP. Yeah, Dragon Ball Evolution comes out on the PSP this week in Japan. Yeah,
that's gonna suck. A game based on live action Dragon Ball Z, well, Dragon Ball movie. I
don't make them, I just report them. Not gonna see it. You can get PSPs now in bright yellow
and what they call Spirited Green. Those are some new things that are coming out this week
as well. Those actually look pretty hot. Are the PSPs region free? Yes. That green one's
really good looking actually. I wouldn't mind one of those. They're region free as far as
games go, not UMDs. Although, if you put a custom firmware on there, that's not an issue,
so. Tempting. Yes. That's it for release dates. So, let's go back into the gaming news, Dark
Sakura. Well, you know, Amazon's been having a new deal now with their game downloads where
you can basically buy a game to download for $9.99 or less according to their ad. And a
bunch of game developers are not happy about it because they think that their games should
be sold for more. So, PopCap and iWin actually pulled a lot of their games off of Amazon
saying that it was completely unacceptable. For example, they'd want to put like Jewel
Quest for $19.99 and think that $9.99 is way, way too low. That 20 bucks is an acceptable
price, 10 bucks is not. So, you can't get those anymore and from what I understand,
the rest of the selection is kind of ass. Interesting. Hmm. Oh well. There's a pretty
cool update, I guess, possibly in the, I guess, rumored future here for Burnout Paradise.
Now you may remember, I think at CES they were showing off a little bit of the 3D technology
you know with those special glasses that you can wear and stuff like that. That can be
used in say different computer games. I believe they're also showing some of the PS3 games
off in it as well like Wipeout HD and stuff like that. Well, one game that may get this
upgrade in the future, and this might be something we'll see at GDC, would be Burnout Paradise.
And of course, Burnout Paradise, I mean, I love all the upgrades and updates that they're
doing to it. It's really awesome. So, adding 3D to it would be pretty awesome as well.
And if only they could use those polarized glasses that they hand out in the 3D movies
and stuff, because I have a few pairs of those sitting at home. Aren't you supposed to return
those as you leave the theater? You don't have to. The fancy IMAX ones you do. Let me
put it this way. Well, the fancy IMAX ones I can understand because they're like shutter
glasses and stuff like that, but the polarized glasses, they can go fuck themselves because
I have to pay for those glasses. I'm keeping that shit, okay? I can understand that. So,
you know, I'm not recycling crap because they're just going to put that back in a package and
sell it to me again. No, screw it. Not to say that you can't take the glasses out of
Disneyland either because they have the Honey I Shrunk the Audience or whatever. You can
get the 3D glasses for that. No, they actually have a cast member waiting there for you to
dump them off. That's fine. But the Muppet show one's freaking awesome. But I'm saying,
you know, if I have to pay for the glasses, like they're like, oh, the glasses are an
extra $5, I'm keeping the glasses. That I can understand. So, all right. Well, I guess
kind of changing topics here a little bit. Talking about this story out of the UK, there's
this campaign called the Change for Life campaign over in the UK. What's interesting about this
is it's trying to, I guess you could say it's a campaign, an ad campaign trying to get folks
to not play video games, basically insinuating that video games cause obesity, diabetes,
cancer and so on and so on. Just all these bad things. And basically trying to get people
to go out and about. For instance, let me read the text on one of their ads here. Risk
an early death. Do nothing. 9 out of 10 kids risk growing up to have unhealthy amounts
of fat in their bodies. Even if you think they look healthy today, adult could bring
an early death from heart disease, type 2 diabetes or cancer. So make sure your kids
are active for an hour a day. Reduce how much fat they eat. For more advice, visit this
website. And what's interesting about this particular ad that I'm reading from in particular
is it features a little kid sitting on the couch holding a PlayStation controller in
their hand. Like, oh, I'm just sitting here lazy looking, you know, half dead. Yeah. Well,
but he definitely looks bored playing PlayStation games, which, you know, there, there are quite
a lot of boring PlayStation 3 games are out right now. However, that's not the problem.
What's going on here. Sony's pissed about this. And Sony is to the point where, um,
they are actually thinking about possibly filing a lawsuit. Apparently the agency who
made the ad, the gate, they did not get permission from Sony to use the controller, uh, in the
ad. And so it is possible that they're talking about, uh, uh, possibly Sony Computer Entertainment
Europe is considering legal action against the folks that made the ad.
And here's the thing, you know, yes, kids need to get up off the couch. Kids should
not sit and play video games all day. What's there to say that video games aren't actually
a healthy thing to incorporate into a lifestyle, you know, just, you know, maybe an hour a
day or a couple hours a week. You know, if you limit it in your kid's life, I don't think
it's necessarily such a bad thing at all. You know, right. Kind of gets them to think
it challenges them, gives them a sense of accomplishment. I think there's a lot of good
things, you know, the old hand-eye coordination riff that we all used growing up. Right. I
do still think though that kids need to go outside and play. Oh, I absolutely don't get
me wrong, but come on, look at this ad risk and early death sitting here playing. I'd
be pissed.
I'd be as uninteresting as this kid. They're also though not factoring in the fact that
there are many people who may be clinically overweight who are actually in better health
than, like say that you've got the person who's in their BMI range, correct? Right.
And they don't eat properly, they don't exercise, they can't lift much, but you've got the person
that maybe you say a little over their BMI, which by the way, BMI is bullshit, you know,
are overweight, but yet they go out and, you know, bike, go swimming, do things, are active
people and have much better cardiovascular system than the, you know, stupid little anorexic
cheerleader type. I mean, you can also have, you know, someone incredibly muscle bound
who's the same BMI as someone 300 pounds overweight. I mean, really, it's, you've got to look at
the factors of biology, genetics, and more than that. It's, just sitting in front of
the couch playing video games all day is not going to make you die.
Comments from chat. I have to read chat.orangelaundryradio.com. Xlink says, it's good hand-eye, but so is
masturbation. Good point.
SHJ100Matt says, go outside and play Dragon's Lair in the backyard. Xbandit says, you can
be fat and happy. It's true, you can be fat and happy, but you know, you just got to make
sure you're not fat and unhealthy. There's, there's the difference.
You know, so you can be a triathlete and, you know, or let's see, you can be a professional
bicyclist and get cancer. True. True. You can be a triathlete who gets hit by a car.
You know, what does it matter? Then you die an ironic death. Here's the thing is that
I think a better ad might be instead of the big text up there that says risk an early
death, do just nothing. How about one that says stop using games to babysit your children?
That would be an effective ad in my opinion. That, that would be one because the kid looks
bored and everything. So how about stop using games to babysit your children?
A responsible parent is going to look beyond, you know, there, and this is something that
I've had to think of a lot myself lately. If you're going to be a responsible parent,
you need to be 100% for your kid, including taking them outside to get them some activity,
including telling them, you know, I think you've played enough. You need to go do this
now. You've got to set, you know, the, uh, you have to do the things that are good for
them, not just the things that are convenient for you.
That's an awfully nice way to phrase it as a parent is that, you know, I think you've
played enough cause I know my mom would have said, turn it off and go outside.
Well, you know what I mean?
No, I know what you mean.
My mom would be just like, you're not on that thing again, are you? And then I'd go out
and play, come back and she'd be playing my Nintendo.
Nice. That's how she got her turn. Go outside. It's my turn.
That's pretty much it.
All right, so we'll see what happens. We'll see if Sony does end up suing over this or
not. I'm not sure what's going to end up happening.
You know who else will sue?
Who?
They won't, but speaking of Sony, we have some stuff about nobi nobi boy, um, Takahashi
Keita said that there's going to be an offline multiplayer mode on the way and that he wants
people to enjoy the game. So they're working on an update. Um, there's, uh, it's, it's
all going to be though offline though, specifically offline and, um, they're saying that it should
be roughly around the 18th of April.
Well, I mean, not boo. I mean, multiplayer is better than none at all, but you know,
I wish, you know, it's not like the Sony's not connected to the internet, you know?
I know, right?
So whatever.
Hmm. I don't know. I played that, like I said today, and I still don't get the game.
I have yet to check it out. I keep forgetting. And every time I do go on the PlayStation
to play, I'm going back to Flower.
I hate the camera so bad in the game.
The Sony camera? Oh, for Flower?
No, in No We Know You. The camera is a pain in the ass. And whatever. Um, so, it's interesting.
Um, of course, a lot of people are familiar with GamePro, the magazine. Um, it's still
around, surprisingly. Um, well, GamePro is actually going to publish indie games now
under their new label, GamePro Labs. And, uh, you may see some of these games coming
to XNA, PC, Zune, iPhone, etc. Um, basically, they're going to sort of act as a middleman
between indie devs and platform holders.
Um, what's also interesting is GamePro is going to announce that they're planning to
produce a free custom edition of its magazine for distribution exclusively at 7-Eleven.
So when you get your Slurpee, you can get a free copy of your modified GamePro magazine.
Is this going to be in addition to their print- the current subscription magazine?
Yes, and also, I'd like to add growing in this economy.
I'd like to add as a further dip at, um, the crap that is 7-Eleven. You can go pick up
your free magazine when you're picking up a game that's broken the street again, you
know, because 7-Eleven doesn't-
You make it sound like it's an issue.
7-Eleven doesn't hear street dates, nor do I.
I know, what's the problem? I thought you were in full support of this.
I'm in full support of Slurpees, and if- God damn it, if I became rich, I'm getting a
Slurpee machine.
I miss vanilla Coke Slurpees. Those were the bomb. What the hell do I have to do to get
those to come back?
GamePro doing their own game publishing. Do you think we're going to see anything big
come out of this?
Nope.
Or do you think it's just going to be of the caliber of the types of things that come free
with the magazine?
You know, that would be kind of interesting to have exclusive games for the magazine,
you know, just indie developers.
I know, I'm surprised these Xbox magazines aren't giving away some of these community
games on their discs.
That's because they have to give away demos that are already available on Live. Woo! Demos!
I can't download-
For those three people that are connected to the internet.
See, here's the thing. I used to subscribe to Xbox Magazine back when they used to have
demos, way before they ever came out, you know, like Saints Row, because that was awesome.
Saints Row demo, hell yeah, but now it's like demos for old shit that have been out on Live
for a long time now.
Yeah, no thanks, I don't need to subscribe to your magazine anymore. I already get a
free membership to stupid, well not even technically free, but I get a membership to Game Informer
because I have that stupid card at GameStop because, you know, it gives me an extra 10%
or whatever.
Who cares? It's paid for itself, but hey, I get a magazine out of it, and actually the
magazine's not bad, so I'm not buying Xbox Magazine.
Well, if you've ever wanted to make your own iPhone game, as a lot of people have been
lately, I think the iPhone passed some obscene amount of applications that are now available
in the store, like 10,000 apps or something are now available in the store.
How many of them are good?
Probably 10. But anyhow, here's the thing, is that now any idiot's going to be able to
make their own iPhone game. It's a game called GameSalad. Yes, that's right, it's GameSalad,
it's this new software that's coming out from Gendai Games. It's going to be something that
will help you develop your own iPhone games.
Apparently though, it's not just going to stop there. I guess in the future, what have
you, it's going to be open to Facebook, and then possibly the Wii and the DS someday.
So yeah, GameSalad is coming out of this, I guess they were showing more about this
at the South by Southwest festival that's going on right now this weekend. Kind of interesting,
you make your own little 2D games, these screenshots I'm looking at, somebody's putting together
their own little shooter game. I don't know though, is this just going to be the quality
of RPG Maker, or what? I don't know.
Don't knock RPG Maker, it's still pretty good actually. But no, it's not going to be any
good at all. I mean, RPG Maker's pretty awesome, but I've seen some of these games, like how
like Click and Play, there's just so many limitations to it, and I don't know, I think
it's just-
Well, here's the thing though, it's not just for shooters, like some of the games they
say have been made on this that are pretty good. A game called Darkwood that's like a
Zelda-ish type of RPG that was made by 3 students in a week's time, and then DRFT, a 2D racing
game that's kind of like the original Grand Theft Auto.
Yeah, it sounds like everything that Click and Play could have done, because that's the
type of stuff you could do in it, and it's just very limited, and yeah, you can make
these wonderful little racing games and stuff, but they're just not great. And I hope to
God that you can't publish these on the Apple Store, because that's all they want. Let's
put out a game-making program so any idiot can create all this crap and then we can pad
our numbers on the App Store and use that in our next commercial that, you know-
Why not? Any idiot can make a podcast and get it listed on the iTunes Store. Hey, how
you doing?
Yeah, but iTunes doesn't go, hey, we've got X million podcasts, look at us, we're so awesome.
They don't really care.
Apple doesn't care about podcasts?
Apple doesn't care about a lot of things except getting you to buy their crappy products.
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news. We're almost to the end of part A of
the Classic Game of the Week, coming up in just a little bit, we've got a couple more
stories for you guys.
That we do. In fact, something about Resident Evil 5. There's supposed to be a versus download
content and it's supposed to be out for 160 Microsoft points or 250 yen on a Playstation
network, which we're probably going to be getting it for twice as much or something
like that, but they're basically saying in Japan it's going to be out March 26th, so.
Very cool. So there's, of course, we were talking a little bit earlier about exclusives
and that kind of stuff and mentioned Bioshock 2. Well, of course, this month in Game Informer,
which also goes back to another story, man, we're transitioning from two different stories.
Bioshock 2 was the cover story and, of course, they showed, or revealed, I should say, the
Big Sister is a new Big Daddy-esque creature that you're going to be fighting against in
the game. Now, there are no real details, at least, that have leaked out yet about what
exactly you're going to be doing, but the second game, apparently, you will be playing
as the first Big Daddy, the original. They'll be kind of a renegade Big Daddy that's actually
on the hunt for his own little sister and that you'll be able to take out rival daddies
with your hand drill. Plasmid powers, apparently, are going to be making a return as well as
some other interesting things. And, apparently, this little sister is looking to kidnap your
little sisters as well. And it's very interesting, but, of course, it's going to be an awesome
game. Bioshock 1 was really sweet and I can't see that it's going to be any less than that.
This game has an awful lot to live up to. Do you think it's going to meet the hype?
I think it will. I think they're going to have to do some interesting stuff with it.
I thought that it was going to be more above ground and stuff like that. The fact that
you're playing as a Big Daddy from the beginning is kind of ehhh. I'm not too sure if I like
that idea, but we'll see. Alright, well, hey, let's take a trip back to the past here. I'm
not talking about the Classic Game of the Week just yet, but here's the interesting
thing is that the Genesis, of course, is a system that's been featured many times in
the Classic Game of the Week. Apparently, there is this new kind of like third party
Sega Genesis coming out here. Blaze is the company that is producing this. I guess it's
kind of like a knockoff of the Genesis that came out kind of later. They're calling it
the Mega Drive because I don't think they're actually releasing it here. It's something
that is being sold at Play in Britain. It's going for about $53 and with the system comes
about 15 games. Sonic and Knuckles, Altered Beast, Alex Kidd, Golden Axe. So all these
old school games. And I guess what you start to see is as these consoles age, I guess the
patents expire or something like that. And now third party remake these old ass consoles,
which is interesting. And the best part about this though, because they did release something
before they've done handhelds and that kind of thing. The best part about this though
is it does have its own cartridge slot that will play Mega Drive and Genesis games. So
not only do you have the 15 that are built in, but you can put in new ones. Yeah. Very
cool. Very cool. Alright, well, now what we're going to do, we're going to take a trip back
to the past and I don't know if Dark Soccer has picked a Genesis game this week. She might
have picked something else. Not a while. Alright, let's take a trip down memory lane and see
what the classic game of the week is that all you kids should check out this week by
Dark Soccer. Well, the secret, the secret. The game of the week is Secret of Mana, which
was known in Japan as Seiken Densetsu 2. And I picked music for it that is actually some
of the overworld music, which is my favorite. Well, I thought it was going to be a little
different. The game came out, it was actually developed by Square, which is now Squeenix,
and came out on the Super Nintendo and we eventually got it on Virtual Console. It's
actually, as I said, Seiken Densetsu 2. The first one was called Seiken Densetsu Final
Fantasy Gaiden for the Game Boy, and we got it as Final Fantasy Adventure. It was kind
of an interesting little game there, but going back to Secret of Mana, it didn't use the
turn based system, it used a real time battle, more like how it was in Zelda, but you also
had an AI that you could actually control to be either attacking, defense, or somewhere
in the middle, and a second player could come in and play one of your other characters.
So it was pretty much a two player RPG. I personally have not tried to do it with the
multitap to see if you can do three people, so if anyone has let me know. It just never
occurred to me until I was an adult. So the game itself, in the American version, is basically,
you're kicked out of town and you have to go and you hook up with a princess and a sprite
and you run around trying to get a different, well first of all you get your experience
in battle and you level up and you can level up your spells as you, you know, as you attract
them. And by the way, the multitap does work. Thought I would mention that. And the virtual
console version will let you use three people. But anyway, you have to rescue different elementals
and they give you different attacks, different skills, different things that you can do.
But the magic is your party's mana power which will increase as the game goes on. So, really
it's just you go through different places. You can also get Flammie. You remember Flammie?
Yes. The second thing I put on there, Rob, was
Flammie's music. Let me queue that up here real quick.
The best way I can describe Flammie is like Falcor from The Never Ending Story, really.
It's the same concept. You ride on this big white dragon thingy's back and then you can
land in different places. But hey, it's mode seven-tastic. So you can go over the background
and you can move and the map will move with you and you can land and it's pretty cool.
So it's just a cool little game. I think it's funny though, the way that you call them is
by doing the little drum with the balls on the string. I forgot what they're called.
But anyway, it's super cool. But at the end you get the mana sword and kick ass and game
over. So the game was designed by Ishikoichi and was actually released after Final Fantasy
3. They wanted to actually use the system from Final Fantasy 4, but it wouldn't work
in the series, so they did it all for Secret of Mana. It was originally going to be an
SNES CD add-on, but when they dropped that they just did it all to fit on the cartridge.
I actually had one of the faster localization. It only took 30 days to translate the game.
And we got it. It was also stated that they were going to bring it out for the Wonderswan
Color and they cancelled it when Square decided to tell Bondi WTF, we don't like you anymore.
So that's really it. It's been one of the most popular games. It's been considered by
Nintendo Power it was number 42 in their top 200 games of all time. And it's one of my
favorites. And it's actually because of this that I went nuts trying to find Saikens and
Senzu 3 and played the most of it on a fully translated bomb hack. I wish I could find it.
It's a very worthwhile game. If you haven't played it, play the hell out of it and then
play Saikens and Senzu 3 because it just evolves all the awesome. So go for it. I don't even
know why I hadn't reviewed this earlier.
Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week, Secret of Mana. And what a classic
game it is. I wonder if they'll ever be highlighting Secret of Evermore.
Well, ow, sorry. You know what gave me the idea to do that, Rob? I found my game.
What's that?
Secret of Mana.
Oh, did you?
In the box.
Ah.
With the instruction manual and everything. And then I was just thinking, damn. It's a
shame that I'm so attached to this thing.
Nice.
That would pay for my Disneyland.
Right, right. Alright, well we are going to take a break here. We've got plenty more Orange
Lounge Radio coming up, though, in Orange Lounge Radio Part B. So stay tuned. Don't
go anywhere. We will be right back.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, March
15th of 2009, where we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night on AllGames.com. All Games
Radio, bringing you lots and lots of great gaming shows throughout the week. We're on
right after another great gaming show called The Bobby Black Wolf Show, and we run for
about three hours, until we're tired and we want to go home, is basically how long we
do the show.
We have plenty more gaming news to get to in this segment. First, though, I want to
kind of give a plug for this. You might remember a few weeks ago, actually it was a couple
months ago now at this point, we had Aaron from the Snake 360 development team, or he
is the Snake 360 development team, really, all by his little self, was here on the show
to talk about his community game, Snake 360. Well, I just got word that now apparently
there is a new game called Snake 360 Lite on Xbox Live Marketplace, and it's the same
game as pretty much what was up there before, except now it's half the price. Now, of course,
since it is half the price, there's a little less features than what you have in the full
game, but now I guess you get some two different multiplayer modes now, three single player
courses, three difficulty levels, multiples of control schemes, just like in the other
game, you still get some of the soundtrack from the same recording, and so on and so
on. So, pretty cool, check that out, support independent game development, Snake 360 Lite.
Alright, now we're going to get back into some other gaming news, yes, Loki?
Yes, we are. Some pretty cool stuff, I don't know, this is kind of weird. Nintendo has
addressed complaints that they had not that many games coming out, they're low output
of first party titles. Apparently, it says this year, Nintendo seems to be getting some
more games coming out, including the equally awaited Punch Out. Of course, they've been
having the new play control games and stuff like that, but it says until now, there have
been complaints that Nintendo actually makes too many games, or Nintendo dictates too much
leadership. I think they're talking about publishers complaining that their games, the
first party games seem to be so successful, it's actually overshadowing the third party
games, and then also it says that there's also people complaining that Nintendo makes
far too few games. And they're like, well, we don't know what to do. So now that they're
putting out more games, they're trying to make sure people are going to be happy. The
thing though, you ask me, they're not really putting out that many new games. I mean, porting
over a game that was on the GameCube that they had sitting in a shelf for quite a long
time, some of the Mario Tennis and the Pikmin games and the new Donkey Kong, was it Jungle
Beat and that kind of stuff. Those aren't new games. You're just adding stuff to it
and you're adding new controls to it. I mean, really, that does not count. Putting old things
in new packaging. That doesn't count at all. Excite Bots and Punch Out, that does count
because those are brand new. But these new play control games, I'm sorry, I'm getting
a little sick of them. And they've just started coming out, but just tell people to stop buying
them. But the thing is, that's all that's coming out now. It's like, people are so hungry
for Nintendo games, like, oh god, I want a new Pikmin game. Well, now you're going to
buy the re-release of Pikmin 1 and 2. I mean, that's fine if you want to play them or if
you haven't played them before, but it's kind of encouraging them not to put any effort
into it. It's just like, I don't know if you remember back on the Game Boy Advance, when
they started porting NES games to it. You know, that was cool, but at the same time,
it's like, let's make something new now. Anytime now. GameGuru in our chatroom says Punch Out
is very much a remake. It is, but it is adding new characters, and it's not so much, it may
be a remake, but it's not a port. It's a Super Nintendo game too, and it's at least kind
of redone from the ground up, and there are some new things in it. And it's not a port.
It's not like, oh, I took the GameCube game, didn't really change anything to it, and then
just poured it over. Now, Pikmin 1 and Mario Power Tennis, they didn't really add anything
to it. Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, from what I hear, they're adding some additional levels
to it. I don't know if it was in the Japanese version or if these are brand new levels,
but they're adding something to it. And then Pikmin 2 are supposed to have two different
types of Pikmin that weren't originally in the game. So they are adding something to
it. But still, it's a port of a game that's been out for a long time now. GS68 in chat
asks, where's my new play control Custer's Revenge? That wasn't on the GameCube. It wasn't,
but maybe it's a game that he's thinking needs to make a comeback, I don't know. Alright,
well look, if you want to look for some new Wii games that actually look kind of interesting,
and you want to talk about a remake, I don't know if this is really a remake though. This
is like a reinvention completely of the old game Pong. I'm going to actually play a little
clip here from the little trailer that we have here in studio, because this actually
looks kind of neat. Let me see if I can play a little clip here. It's like a music-based
game. It's called Bit.Trip.Beat, and it's by a company called Axis. And it's actually
coming out to WiiWare on Monday, and it's like, all these little Pong balls consistently
are coming at your little paddle, and you have to bounce them back. And when you do,
it makes little beat music, like the 8-bit weapon type of chiptunes music, that's what
I was looking for. I guess this game's coming out, it's going to be 600 points. Here's the
thing, the controls, you just tilt the control back and forth, tilt the little Wiimote back
and forth to make the little paddle go up and down the screen. And the graphics, they're
not even 8-bit, they're like Atari 2600, but with these really trippy New Age backgrounds.
So it looks kind of neat. I'm actually thinking I have to play this. This should be on the
DS. No, I like the idea of only having to pay $6 for this. But this should be on the
DS. Who knows, maybe if this does well, it will be. But like, this boss stage looks just
like a freakin' regular Breakout or something like that, it's crazy. Trippy. Very trippy.
Hence the name, haha. Exactly, so you can check that out, it'll be out on WiiWare on
Monday it sounds like. By the time most of you hear this podcast, it'll already be out.
ActDeft in chat says, BitTripBeat is basically Pong and Rez's bastard child. Kinda. Kinda.
Well, I have bad, bad news. Actually, not really bad news. Hmm, what's that? It's not
likely news, but Capcom US is hoping that we get a Tatsunoko vs. Capcom, which I think
would be freakin' fantastic. And I mean, it's got Gatchamon. What else do you need, right?
They're saying, it was basically a quote by Christian Svensson, who is the developer,
the business developer and strategic planning VP at Capcom, said, do not rule out, do not
rule a Western release out. That's all I can say right now. We are still actively working
on having that happening. I can't say it's happening definitely. I couldn't give you
a time, but as badly as the fans want it, we want to bring it. The problem that they're
running into is, what do we all say, licensing. Right? Mm-hmm. Tatsunoko rights are actually
split among several companies in the US, whereas of course in Japan, Tatsunoko Pro has all
of them. You don't have to worry about it. But here, it's like, you know, whoever had,
you know, Gatchamon 2 has Eagle Riders here. You know, there was Battle of the Planets,
there was G-Force, you know, for all the Gatchamon franchises. I don't know if we ever got Tekkaban
on TV here at all. Some anime companies got the rights to Kachan. Yeah, we had it as it
was Technoman over here. But just all those different characters, the ones that were either
converted to, you know, tunes that we watched as a kid or in later anime, you know, home
releases, you know, different things like that. Or even, you know, people who just thought
about bringing it out over here and paid the licensing rights. That does happen. It's gonna
be a pain to get everything together, so they're actually gonna have to do a lot of work for
us to get the game over here, and it's all down to freakin' licensing. Well, that's not
a surprise, but kinda, you know, I think we all, at least I accepted the fact that we
probably weren't gonna be getting this game quite some time ago. You know, I wouldn't
expect to see this game over here because of the licensing, which is just a darn shame
because the game's a lot of fun. You almost just kinda wish, you know, if the Japanese
companies created them, they just would release it out here and say, fuck all y'all. These
were originally our characters, so I forget it. But I guess, sadly, in a sue-happy world,
that's not what can be done. Well, the way that it is is that once Tatsunoko's given
up the rights, they have to abide by contract. Yeah, no, I get it. It just sucks. And Tatsunoko
Pro I don't think really has any holdings in the US, so it'd be nice. So then they couldn't
be sued in a US court. But I guess Capcom could be. But Tatsunoko wouldn't legally be
able to give the approval, which they clearly did in Japan, they just would not legally
be able to do approval in the United States. No, I know, I get it. It just sucks. That's
all. It just sucks. Hmm. So. It's still pretty cool though that might have a chance to actually
come out over here. I mean, I wouldn't, I wouldn't bet money on it. Here's what I would
bet. If anything, they would just use the engine for something else. You know, like
port, new maybe Capcom vs Street Fighter game. That'd be kinda cool, you know, with some
new Capcom characters in there and stuff. You know, get a, what's his name, Frank West
from Dead Rising in there and stuff as a character. Sadly, I'm not gonna hold my breath. They'd
need Gatchaman Fighter. Always. Just Gatchaman. Whatever. And they'd need to make it, for
me specifically, and say, because Jamie demanded it, we give you- And it would actually say
that in the opening credits. Exactly. We give you Gatchaman the battle. Okay. I would be
very gratified as a fangirl. And then you wake up. Yeah, not gonna happen. What is gonna
happen though are three more Wii games in the Resident Evil series, including the, it's
never gonna be released in the United States, Resident Evil 0, which now is gonna be released
in the United States, and of course already out in Japan. However, a new game that will
be coming out, Resident Evil Darkside Chronicles, which will be a sequel to the Umbrella Chronicles
game. It's gonna be a rail shooter, and is based on the Resident Evil 2 timeline starring
Leon and Claire. They're gonna add, I guess, some new co-op stuff and a new evade system,
which is supposed to be pretty cool. Then they're also gonna do a Resident Evil remake
that's gonna be coming out as well, titled, I guess, Resident Evil Classics. And, not
sure if that's gonna be kinda like a new play control game or something like that, but that's
gonna be, I guess, coming out for a $30 price point. The studio is haunted. We're having
the attack of the random beeping noise. Here, just give that to me. I'll turn that off.
Live radio, everybody. It's my sensor bar. Batteries are going out. Sorry about that,
guys. It's warning you that it's turning off. We had random beeping going on in the studio,
and it was from the Wii that Loki was playing during the breaks there, showing Madworld
on Justintv. The wireless bar was beeping. That was crazy. I think the timer, I had set
it to a two-hour timer, so I think it was turning off. Okay, sorry about the crazy dead
air there, but live radio, that happens. Yeah, so I'm sorry. Resident Evil rail shooter is
coming out. And it makes me think about, you know, Silent Hill had a rail shooter that
hit arcades and what have you, so it's like all these scary games are getting shooters.
You know what scary thing I wanna see get turned into a shooter, though? Hot girls in
scary places. Have you seen this show on E? I thought you were gonna say showgirls. No.
That is scary in itself, but have you seen this on E? It's a show on E, and they put
hot girls and they put them in scary places, and they have to spend the night in abandoned
hospitals and stuff. What, like, you know, next to nerdy guys or something? No, they
have to do all these gross tasks and they get money and stuff like that, you know, if
they're able to actually... Hot girls in scary places, yes. That's the game they need that's
a rail shooter of a completely different kind. Alright. Anyhow, forget it. Moving on. More
news on Excitebots. It seems like every week we have new news on Excitebots, but here's
the interesting thing about Excitebots. Apparently now the blogs are reporting that Super Sandwich
is a move that you can have in the game, and that's from this giant screenshot coming from
the game there. Super Sandwich, five stars. It's basically, what they've done is they've
have a bunch of different things that are going on during the races, like, you know,
you'll have to collect parts of a sandwich and then when you collect them you have Super
Sandwich. You know, it was funny, remember? I don't know if you remember when Christopher
used to, like, kind of sing the different, like, achievements that he got in there. He
was like, Super Tree Run! So that's what I pictured when I saw that. I was, like, picturing
him singing Super Sandwich. Nice. Which would be funny. Sadly you will not be having an
actual sandwich, which is most unfortunate if you ask me. The game looks crazy and Nelly
keeps asking me why it's coming out, so. And we don't know, right? Or is it... Uh, 20.
22nd or 20th of April? Yeah. Oh. Alright. Not too far out. Not too far out. Hey, it's
in time for a birthday present. For me! It's always got to be about you now, doesn't it?
Yes, it always must be about me. I have to have the show's ego after all. Anyway, um,
how about something related to Namco, maybe? Okay. Well, Namco is actually registered Excalibur
as a trademark. They're not really saying much about it, but it actually has an ESRB
listing some achievements revealed. The, like I said, the registered trademark. And so it's
there. Namco Bandai is releasing Excalibur. So, of course the theory is that, you know,
it's about King Arthur, but maybe it's another in the Soulcalibur family? Or maybe a fighting
game using the same engine? Or a remake of that old game Excalibur 2555 AD? I have a
feeling that whatever it is, it's going to be lame and disappointing. It's going to be
about Pac-Man! Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. No, that's Namco for you. It's either going
to be really awesome or really lame. And it's usually nothing in between, so. I'm voting
really lame. I don't know. Without a screenshot, nothing? I mean, this could be anything. It
could be a role-playing game. Who knows? Nothing. It sounds a little bit like Soulcalibur, but
you know, Excalibur is also an old, you know, legend and all that stuff. It may have nothing
to do with Soulcalibur. Excalibur is the storyline based on fighters that have dropped out of
the Soulcalibur series and now have to find real daytime jobs, including working faster
at restaurants. I get it. Excalibur. Ha ha. You're funny. What a fun guy. Ha ha ha. Or,
or it's a fighting game featuring all the exes in the relationship. Alright, I think
now's a good time to just go to the next story. I'll stop now. We do know what this game is
though. We Rock Drum King. It's a brand new drumming game for the Wii. Of course, not
using any actual peripherals other than the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, or possibly two remotes
if you have those. What it does have though is a pretty cool song list. And the track
list was revealed this week, including some stuff that you would not normally see in a
music game like this. Now of course you've got classic rock songs like We Will Rock You
by Queen, The Final Countdown by Europe. You've got some kind of alternative stuff,
Song 2 by Blur. Then some other stuff that they've thrown in there as well. Feel Good
Ink by Gorillaz. But one of the weird ones though that was in there, they had Organ Donor,
the instrumental version by DJ Shadow. You normally wouldn't see that kind of in like
a rock game like this. Some other songs that are in there as well. They have All Star by
Smash Mouth. No One Knows by the Queens of the Stone Age. The Takeover, The Break's Over
by Fall Out Boy. Can't Stand Losing You by the Police. Spoon Man by Soundgarden. And
Click Click Boom by Saliva, as featured in numerous movie trailers. You know, I was still
tempted to get Rock Revolution this week. It's only 20 bucks. There's tons of them sitting
on the shelf. I'm almost thinking it's going to drop to $9.99 before too long. It won't
drop officially to $9.99, but just let's sit there and fester a while and it's eventually
going to drop down. So bad, they actually cancelled the Wii version. Ouch. Ouch. Because
that was actually supposedly slated for April, still coming out at $50 retail. I'm like,
yeah, no one's gonna buy that. Wow. So, yeah, they just cancelled it. Wow. I wonder if there's
sales figures on how much that game actually sold. Oh, I'm sure there are. In fact, I have
an idea where to look. Alright, well, while you do that, let me talk about some other
games that aren't necessarily just there to be sold. It's actually kind of neat. This
is over in Japan. There's a Nintendo game seminar program, and if you're a student of
this, you get to make your own DS game, basically, as a part of the program. Well, Nintendo's
actually taken these games that were created, and now they're available at DS download stations
throughout Japan. And you can also get them through the Wii Nintendo channel. There's
four games available. One of them is a mic controlled game in which you blow to kind
of create air that sends stars up in the sky. Another one is where you are a voice artist
that reads lines, and then when they're played back, they're given by like a weird character
on screen, a random one or something. Another one is an action game where you move around
and you pose, but I'm not sure exactly how that's done because they didn't say these
were for the DSi, although, you know, I'm sure these will show up on the DSi, you know,
eventually. Sure, if they can charge like two bucks for them, why not? And then the
last one is a game about making faces. You shape weird things on these heads that don't
have bodies and etc. So, but it's just kind of cool, you know, despite the fact that the
games all sound like little one-trick ponies, it's kind of cool that, you know, they have
this program where students can make these games over in Japan and, you know, not just
that, but now they have kind of a way to get it out there. It's almost kind of like a little
bit XNA-ish, so I don't know if that's something maybe this is a sign that Nintendo might use
the DSi download service for this or some of their other distribution channels, but
that is kind of an interesting thought, right? Yeah, although it could just be a bunch of
crapware, I don't know. Okay, I've got the sales figures on Rock Revolution. Alright,
can you source them or...? Yes, these are coming from VGcharts.com, and this is up-to-date
sales figures. Although they have sales figures for Wii version of Rock Revolution, I guess
it never came out over here, but whatever. 0.5 million copies were sold for the Xbox
360 version. That is the highest of the three. That's not bad, that's a half million, right?
0.5 million, or 0.05? 0.05 million. Oh, so 50,000. 50,000. And that is the best one out
of all three versions. The PS3 version sold 0.02 million copies, or 20,000, and then finally
the DS version only sold 10,000 copies. Youch. Well, that's sad because the DS version seemed
like the only one that made sense out of the bunch. But whatever. Alright, well thanks
for looking that up for me. Alright, well, now we're going to get to the part of the
show where you can always send us some questions and have them answered here live on air. It's
the mailbag segment every week you guys send us emails. Mailbag at orangelauncher.com and
we read our favorites live on air and respond to them. DarkSira, did we actually get some
emails this week? I know you had to clean out the spam. Amongst the spam, yeah, really.
Um, we got one from Cheeseburger. Aight. Dongle. It made me giggle. Smack. Inside, in a painful
way. Did we get any emails of substance? Yes. Alright. Um, first of all, this is, it says
Dear Sea Wow and Wow Bar and Dark Sakura Sky and Loki. So this is a multiple email. First,
where, um, are my shows and, two, boy do I have a slew of reviews for you. Okay. Alright,
first, um, Tony Hawk's Project 8, another Tony Hawk title for the PSP, but this time
around it is a bit more challenging. No auto-kick. The story is cheesy as always. But anyways
it's awesome and if you are a skater, wanna be by this. I'm sorry I really can't read
this. Yeah, I'm looking at this, it looks like it was written on a PSP. I'm going to
try. Alright. Okay, I'm, I'm going to translate into English, okay? Will that be fine? Okay,
Wipeout Pure. A lot of us, uh, kids who own a DS and own a GBA, um, know of F-Zero and
GX. They have not released anything for a long time and I own a PSP. I thought that
it would be a good idea. Instead, it was, and I'll tell you it was more of a challenge
than F-Zero. GTA Liberty City, okay. I know you're thinking what a 15 year old is doing
with a GTA game. I bought it on Amazon using my debit card and got it a few weeks. I popped
it in and I instantly love it. The custom soundtrack stuff takes some work, but once
you do it, it's awesome. Killing police from my safe house with a sniper rifle and racking
up a six star rating is so fun. Definitely recommend it to a first time PSP buyer. Lords
of Dogtown, I love skateboarding and surfing stuff. This movie combined a little bit of
both with a story about Jay Adams, Tony Alva, and Stacy Peralta. Okay. Um, alright, last
thing. I have one question. Have you guys ever heard of Neo Geo Advanced Entertainment
System or the Neo Geo CD King of Fighters is Better Than Street Fighter? Peace out,
DS lover. Okay. First of all, I own, um, a Neo Geo and I, um, I have a Neo Geo CD as
well and I have, um, a Neo Geo pocket color and a Neo Geo pocket. Um, so I'm really not
sure which one you're asking about, but King of Fighters, um, it really depends on what
you're into. I love the King of Fighters series. I mean, talk about your cheap bitches and
hard to pull off attacks. I mean, Street Fighter's a little bit more gratifying to play, but
King of Fighters is just a little bit more, sometimes there's a bit more of a fun factor
involved with the King of Fighters games. And I do have to say that if you've got it
on the Neo Geo, you've got it arcade perfect and you have also paid for it. So that's all
I can say about that. Rob? Um, you know, yeah, King of Fighters is sort of like an evolution
of, uh, Fatal Fury and King, um, Art of Fighting in those games. And it's, it's okay. Like
it's not something I really can usually tolerate long-term though, the SNK games, but they
do have that whole, like, you know, foreground and background thing, which is kind of what
made them famous. But, um, that was just, um, Fatal Fury. I don't, oh, was it just Fatal
Fury? I thought King of Fighters had it too. My bad. Did Art of Fighting have it? No, I
think just Fatal Fury. No, Art of Fighting had the weird zoom in and out thing. That
was our fighting did it too. The first one did at least. So it was Fatal Fury that had
the background foreground. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's, it's, it's, it's different and worth
the play, but it, I don't think it's necessarily better. Does that make sense? But I love Capcom
versus SNK. That's one of my favorite fighters right there. So Matt, what's your preference
Street Fighter or King of Fighting? King of Fighters. Do you have a preference, Loki?
Ron Street Fighter versus King of Fighters? No. You hate them all? Not hate, but I just
don't really care. I will tell you this. Any of the King of Fighters games on Saturn have
a bitch of a load time. Seriously. In between rounds. Load time. So, next email. Um, hi
all. I was just wondering if it was possible for you guys to create a widget for Samsung
phones for your podcast, as I would love to be able to listen to you on the go and download
your shows wherever I am. Thanks Simil. Um, I've not even heard of the Samsung phones
widget thing. That's not something I'm familiar with. Send us more information on how to make
one. If it's just used doing a simple website or something, I'm sure we can figure it out
if it involves programming like an iPhone application. Well, I don't know so much about
that. Um, if it's something you can connect to iTunes, I don't know if your phone, I don't
know because there's a lot of Samsung phones. Um, if your phone, my old phone was a Samsung
and if it has a memory card, like my old one, you can put your own songs or your own music
on it basically. Um, you should be able to just sync it up with iTunes and download our
podcast on iTunes and do it that way. That's the best thing I can think of. If all fails,
we can look in to see what that is. Yeah, if it's easy enough, why not? Um, we also
got one, um, these are actually put in, that last one and this one that I'm about to actually
put in through the website. Cool. So that's pretty cool. Um, first of all, the catch thing
you got here is fucking terrible. Okay. Um, I got it wrong because it's really confusing
and erased my whole goddamn message. Um, I don't really think that's the fault of the
program. Um, anyway, I was just wondering why the show takes so long to go up now. It
used to go up the day after recording. Do not take this as a complaint. I am just curious.
Um, just because we, my set up here changed and I have two computers now that I have to
go back and forth between and then also this week I was on a work trip. So it's just, I
try to do it as I can. Other people are offering to help make the process go faster. So we'll
hopefully get on that. So sorry. Last email and actually, you know what, I'm going to
save this one for a last minute story, Rob. Okay. But I am going to go ahead and credit
the story to, um, well they didn't sign it, so I'm just going to say, um, Nigel, thank
you. All right. And it will be one of our last minute stories. Congrats. You have contributed
to the show. All right. Level up. The winner is you. Here's a no prize. All right. If you
want to send us emails, mailbag orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send them to. Let's get back
into some gaming news. Loki. Yes. Um, so there's some really neat download content that's going
to be coming out very soon for F.E.A.R. 2 Project Origin. It's called the Toy Soldiers
download content. And what it is is it's a few multiplayer maps that they're adding in,
but what's kind of neat about it is it's all done from the perspective that you're small
little toy soldiers fighting in these giant areas. So for example, some of the maps that
they have, they have, um, you know, a hospital room that you'll actually fight around in.
They have a playground. And then finally, one that Jamie, I think, will like. They have
one that you fight inside of a pinball machine. Sweet! Um, so yeah. Very cool. Kind of a unique,
you know, twist to the whole multiplayer stuff. And I'm glad that they're actually kind of
having a little bit of fun with it. But, um, looks pretty sweet. I have to say that the
pinball machine looks the best out of all of them. Now only if the giant, you know,
metal balls rolling around in there too. That'd be cool. Hmm. But, um, no word on when exactly
these will be available. Oh, I guess it'll be in April and it will be free. So that's
awesome. Free stuff is always welcome. That's the best kind of download content is free.
Well, a new trademark has been filed this week. Sing Hero is the trademark. Of course,
you know, that was by Activision and Blizzard, the folks behind Guitar Hero and DJ Hero.
Apparently now Sing Hero has been patented. Um, what do you think? Is this going to be
their version of Sing Star or Karaoke Revolution or Milk of a Hero franchise? Mm hmm. Uh, although
I will say though, keep in mind this company also trademarked Drum Villain and I don't
think that ever happened. No. So just because they trademarked it doesn't mean the game
is actually going to happen. Yeah, but they also could mean just because, you know, they
trademarked Drum Villain, maybe they just rolled that into Guitar Hero World Tour. But
Singing is in Guitar Hero World Tour, so I'm not sure why they are going to have this whole
separate game. Well, maybe this is going to have more pop music. That could be. Oh boy.
Well, I don't know about you guys, but when I hear stories like this, I can just hear
the sounds of the Guitar Hero franchise being milked even more and that's like after seeing
the arcade game this week and everything and it's just like, I'm starting to get pretty
sick of all this stuff and it just makes me angsty because, you know, it used to be such
a good game, but now it's just getting, like beating a dead horse. So I get angsty and
that's why the FUs of the week happen. I have a couple of FUs, but one of them is a very
big, very major one and it's directed towards my body for reasons that I choose not to disclose
publicly at this time, but certain people know what I'm talking about. And the second
one goes towards a lack of tact. I'm dead. Loki! Happy to Burger King for burning my
fries. I have never, honestly I'd expect this kind of thing from McDonald's because they
fuck up their fries more times than not, but Burger King, come on man, your fries are usually
pretty tasteless and they're fixed by ketchup, but these fries were burnt. I mean, they were
brown. Oh, and the other thing too, if you ask me if I want ketchup with my fries, don't
just not give me ketchup. Don't ask me the question and just say, oh, here's no ketchup
for you. You'd like some ketchup, wouldn't you? But I'm not giving you any. I'm not giving
you any. So F you to minimum wage Burger King workers. Well, geez, and as GS68 in chat says,
poor, poor Loki's fries. I don't really have anything that major this week. I guess two
F yous. One F you goes to jet lag because that sucks and my sleep has been all screwed
up like for the past four days because of it. I was in Washington DC this week, by the
way, just for a few days. If you were following me on Twitter, you probably saw some of that
video. Otherwise my only other F you would go to the fact that we have no Dunkin Donuts
here in California, at least in NorCal. And that's sad because I fricking love their coffee.
But I actually, I actually brought back a Dunkin Donut for my roommate on the plane
from Texas because I always gush about, you know, Dunkin Donuts, even though the donuts,
the donuts are only okay. Like to me, I'm not as huge on the donut. It's the coffee.
I love the coffee. They're not bad. If my five year old memory serves me right. They're
not bad at all. So that's really it. Those are my not so serious F yous of the week,
but that's what I've got. I guess the jet, the jet lag one's actually pretty serious.
That really was annoying. I did want to say though about a Sing Hero. I wanted to read
some comments here in chat about that because I thought one of these in particular was pretty
good. Game Guru, I believe said that they might just be trying to protect their trademark.
I think it's just protecting trademarks says Game Guru about Sing Hero. And that could
be the case. Do you think they're just trying to trademark the name so nobody else tries
to use it? That could be. Maybe. I hope that's the case. If that's the case, then I remember
a Game Guru also says, I always remember that Dunkin Donut cereal. Me too. Hmm. I actually
remember that too. They sold that here too. And they don't have Dunkin Donuts. Oh, whatever.
Hit stun says F you Sky. You have arcades with Street Fighter four and we don't. I do.
Oh, I guess here in California. Yeah. I just haven't driven to them. Not around us. Not
here in SAC, but we do have the Guitar Hero arcade now and they have Mario Kart too, which
I didn't check out, but they have that. I thought that would be fun. You can go play
it. Yeah, but I don't know. I didn't really care for Mario Kart arcade. It was kind of
lame. It was, but maybe the sequel has fixed some things. You never know. No doubt it.
All right, let's get into another story. They need more F-Zero GX. They do need more F-Zero
GX. Well, there is another interesting thing. You know how all these Lego games been coming
out? There's more. More, more, more. Which means people must be buying all the ones that
are out there now. You know what though? They're doing it for a good reason because they are
pretty damn fun. But once it's sort of a late franchise now, they're doing a Harry Potter
Lego. It's never too late. I'm not saying what exactly it's going to be, but maybe it's
going to be a walk through some of the other books. And then there is a Lego Indiana Jones
2 The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. As long as you don't have the fucking ending crap
in it. God damn it. And they're also pitching to Peter Jackson for a game based off of the
upcoming Hobbit movie. Lego Hobbits? Lego Hobbits. I totally saw the whole Harry Potter
thing coming out. After all, they do have the Lego Harry Potter toys. And Lego Indiana
Jones 2 or whatever they're going to be doing. I love Lego Hobbit. As much as the fourth
movie sucked, the first game really, really sold well for them and still continues to
sell well for them. I'm not surprised at one bit. But basing your game, I would have to
guess it would probably be the original game plus the new stuff as well. I don't know.
They're kind of fun. I mean, I understand why they're coming out. It's not like one
of these games I look at and go, WTF? Why are we getting this? But I get this. So it's
not really a surprise at all. And you've been speculating, Loki, for quite some time that
the Harry Potter game is going to be the next Lego thing. Of course. This is no surprise
at all. If they've got a toy for it, they're going to make a game for it. Now, if you see
like all of a sudden Lego Halo, you know, stuffed toys coming out, then you better believe
that there's going to be a Lego Halo game at some point. But otherwise it's an April
Fools joke. Yes, otherwise it's an April Fools joke. Fair enough. I wouldn't be surprised
if we see another Lego Batman game because that's something that they can keep adding
to and basically have unlimited content for because they're not basing off movies. So
that's a problem basing stuff off movies. They don't make any more movies. You have
no more games. Another comment from Game Guru in chat. Unfortunately, Lego Prince of Persia
will likely be next when the toys come out. Will it though? Because they rebooted the
Prince of Persia franchise recently. Won't they make this sequel in that kind of way?
I don't know if they'll do a Lego Prince of Persia game. The problem being is that it's
a Warner Brothers own franchise. Well, the Lego Star Wars stuff that was LucasArts, but
you know, basically they're doing Warner Brothers stuff. So, maybe. I mean, if they do, if the
movie comes out and it's really popular and stuff and everyone's interested in it, I don't
know if they're really going to do it. It would all depend on how many toys come out
and how well the toys do. Rice Princess in chat says, I love Lego games. I love Harry
Potter games. The two combined would make my head asplode. Let's see. Gio Vaidya says,
Lego doesn't sell the HP sets anymore. You can't even get the sets off Lego.com. That's
true. Hmm. Interesting. Dark Tetsuya says, still waiting on Lego Watchmen. Yeah, I don't
know about that one. Will it come complete with a detachable penis? For Dr. Manhattan.
Special soundtrack by King Missile. No, he'll have, he'll have his little like, you know,
molecular underpants, which I did not understand because, you know, they, he could wear underpants
but he didn't and he doesn't really exist. I never saw the movie. The whole point was
that he's detached from humanity and humanity's standard so it doesn't matter to him if he's
dressed or not. Because, I mean, seriously, if you think about it, one of the Viet Cong
will be really scared of a giant glowing blue penis that's coming towards them. I mean,
you know why? I am so down with Dr. Manhattan. He was wearing his black pants. Exactly, that's
what I'm saying. He should have just been buck wild there. I mean, I'm just going to
do the show naked from now on. I agree with what Dr. Manhattan said. Really, it doesn't
matter, you know, no amount of blue penis makes that movie any good, so, oh well. Sad
trombone. Sad trombone, yes, very much so. Something that's not so sad though is the
popularity of Call of Duty 4. It has reached 15 million online players now, which is no
surprise for anybody that plays Call of Duty 4 and of course, you know, this will be good
for the new Call of Duty game that's scheduled to come out this year later, Call of Duty
Modern Warfare 2. So, that should do just as well, since it's going to be Infinity Ward
again, because everyone knows that Treyarch sucks. I know a lot of people who play Call
of Duty 4. This number doesn't surprise me one bit. No. Well, as if there weren't enough
people that were going to be lining up to buy the new Beatles Rock Band game. I'm not
lining up to buy this game. Well, you're one of not many, because there's a lot of people
who are very interested in this game. Apparently though, Danny Harrison, that would be the
son of George Harrison, one of the Beatles who passed away a few years ago, he was interviewed
by Billboard recently, and they were talking about the Beatles Rock Band game. Apparently,
what Danny said is that, or it might be Donnie, sorry, it's going to come with some new material,
stuff that has never been heard and never released. Huh. That could be very interesting.
So that, I mean, as if this game wasn't going to sell to the Beatles collectors already,
imagine if this game has never before heard Beatles stuff. I couldn't believe that anything
like that still exists, to be honest, but there you go. Apparently, by the way, Donnie,
who's the son of, of course, George Harrison, he's been a big part of actually trying to
get the Beatles Rock Band to happen. He's in a band of his own who has an album coming
out this month. He actually took the project to Apple and sort of convinced everyone, because
of course, not Apple as in the iPhone people, but Apple Music, right, and convinced everyone
to sort of have a presentation. The game has been in the making for two years. They say
it's historically accurate, a real headache, but it's the most enjoyable work that he's
been a part of apparently. So it sounds like it could be interesting. Could be. 9-9-0-9
is when this game's coming out. It's pretty hard to forget that release date. Well, hey,
all we have to do is remember Dreamcast. Or that. Yep. Which, oh, you know, I forgot to
mention in the gaming week, we actually did bust out the Dreamcast and go through some
Sonic Adventure. Nice. Yeah. All of our VMUs still work. Oh my gosh. We have all of our
Samba files too. So, here's some other news. You know, Wallace and Gromit, still out there.
There is actually a game coming out on March 24th with a demo on the 16th. Telltale Games
is putting this out. But it's part of, as far as I'm aware, the episodic Wallace and
Gromit's Grand Adventures. So, hey, keep your eyes open for it. And there's also gonna be
another Strong Bad game. If you pre-order Wallace and Gromit, you'll get a full episode
of actually Sam and Max and Strong Bad. So there you go. That's pretty cool. Nice. Nice
little bonus there. I like full games as bonuses. That's a good deal. Definitely. Now this is
kind of not new to the MMO scene, but Final Fantasy XI has finally jumped on board, much
like the Blizzard Authenticator. They now have something very similar to that that will
generate random passcodes every few minutes, I guess. It's the Final Fantasy XI security
token. And, of course, the constantly changing login passwords will apparently protect your
account from hackers. And the only thing, though, is they haven't released a price for
it yet. But it will come with some in-game exclusive items when you purchase this token.
Huh. Okay. So you get special stuff in the actual game? Yes. You get, like, stuff in
the game. Hm. Nah, I'm still not interested in going back. Sorry. Alright. One more story
for you guys, then we're gonna open up our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on
Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Oh, I was gonna, real quickly, I was gonna mention the Van
Deal Collection. Yeah, $14.99 now. Oh my gosh, on Xbox 360? And Windows. Wow, they're really
trying to get new crack addicts on that game, because, you know, you pay that once, they
might as well just give the game away, because you get 30 days for free with that, and $14.99
is how much it costs a month, right? Yeah. I'm surprised they haven't gone the route
of just doing a downloadable demo, or have they, and I just missed that. I don't know.
Maybe they did, and I might have missed that. Alright, look, one more story for you guys,
completely different side note here, but something also to kind of take a note. Here's the thing.
This guy from a Yale University, he's a Yale University student, so you know he's smart.
His name is Jesse Meiman. Or is connected. Yeah, could be. There's a report in the Cincinnati
Enquirer that Jesse's a little pissed off, because he flew US Airways, and he was flying
them in December from Connecticut to Ohio, and they basically lost his Xbox 360. He went
to pick up his luggage after he landed, and he noticed that everything was there except
for the Xbox 360 and all the accompanying components, so I'm assuming he believes that
it was theft. His suit says after that that he got weeks of an unconscionable runaround,
so you know what happened next, right? He's suing them. He's suing US Airways for a million
dollars for the loss of the Xbox. That apparently is the maximal amount allowable by law. One
million dollars is what he's suing for. He says that thing was his DVD player. He's a
film studies major. I don't know why you're using the Xbox 360 issue. Well, I guess I
can see that. Don't you have a Blu-ray player? Upscale on the HD, right? I guess. But anyway,
here's the thing. He wants the airline to pay him $1,700 for the loss of the gaming
system because apparently he probably had his own editions on it. I don't know. And
for non-economic distress of at least $25,000, but he's seeking the maximum, one million.
Go figure. I don't know exactly how that works. But here's the thing. US Air would like to
point out their policy state that the federal loss limits are capped out at $3,300 per bag,
and the airline's luggage policy excludes liability for electronics. So something you
might want to think about before you take these expensive electronics online. But if
that specific thing is missing, then it's clearly a case of theft. Yeah. I could see
if maybe he, you know, and the other thing they could do too is they have his bag, you
know, they have it scaled in there, they know what the weight of the bag was, and then when
the bag gets to wherever they should have scaled it again, oh, there's a clear difference
in weight in the bag. I mean, those Xbox 360s weigh like 15 pounds, you know. Obviously
they stole it. I mean, there's no way that it didn't break, you know, during the flight,
which, you know, that I don't see really being the airline's fault. I mean, but the fact
that it was stolen is a little different. But at that same time, he should only get
compensated for the replacement of the system. Not a million dollars, not even $3,300. Some
comments from chat, because of course you know the chat is interested in this. SSJ100Matt
says, I always bring my console on the plane with me or not at all. True, he could have
brought it in just to carry on, right, if it was that important. Dekeman says, if it
was broken, yes, but it was stolen. If you ask for a million, though, suddenly a settlement
of $500,000 is looking pretty good. So maybe this guy's just trying to highball it, I don't
know. You just try to highball it. Gripper01 says, God help Microsoft if it ever red rings.
What a good point. So, alright. If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. We're going to open up the Skype line, take a couple of
calls. Probably not too many tonight, because we are running a little long tonight, but
we also want to get to last minute stories here in just a little bit, and all that fun
stuff. So, go ahead and give us a call now. We do have a call, we'll go to that. Hi, you're
on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this? It's GS68. Hey, GS68, what's on your mind? Hold on. Okay,
I'll wait. I got Gradius Rebirth this week. What? I got Gradius Rebirth this week. It
came out this Monday, much to my surprise. Oh, Gradius 3, tell us, wait, Gradius Rebirth
or Gradius 3? Rebirth. Ooh, tell us a little bit about Gradius Rebirth. I'm going to put
you on with Loki here, I got to take care of something in the studio. Alright, then.
So, tell us about the game, what do you think of it? Yeah, basically, it's a new Gradius
title, and it looks more like a 16-bit or 32-bit Gradius game, kind of like Gradius
for your, a bit like Gradius Gaiden, and it's more of a remix of older Gradius games rather
than a completely new title. I'm watching a replay of myself right now, and my replay
is on stage 2, which looks like a level from the MSX and MSX game. Okay. Sounds pretty
cool. But, yeah, it's only five stages, though. For 1,000 waypoints, that might turn off a
few players, but as a result, Gradius 3, I just had to get in the game. And one of my
favorite things is on stage 1, there are two enemies, and it destroys either one first,
you can change the entire stage depending on which enemies are, like, if you don't destroy
either, the stage continues as normal, but if you destroy the top enemy, the stage becomes
frozen. If you destroy the bottom enemy, all the units in the stage become active and the
stage gets harder. Huh. That's kind of neat. Yeah. And then, looking at the weaponry sort
of game, you have the usual Gradius title, which is like regular missile and double and
laser, and then you have another one where you have a bomb attack, and then a twin laser
that's weaker than the, it's not as powerful as the regular laser, but it shoots faster,
and then there's two unlockable setups that are more or less for more challenging players,
I guess. Hmm. Well, that was pretty cool. I was actually kind of thinking of checking
this out, I just haven't gotten a chance to download it yet, that and that new one that's
coming out on Monday here, Bit Trip, or was it Bit Trip Beat or whatever, it looks pretty
awesome. But hopefully, you know, I know they've been probably a little bit inspired by the
Mega Man 9 stuff, so hopefully we see more of these retro remakes that aren't exactly,
you know, retro, I guess. That's kind of cool. It still kind of feels like a new Gradius
to me, at least. It was Mega Man 9, it felt like it was playing an old NES game. Yeah.
You know, I always... Yeah, because it got, for a game that some say looks like 16-bit,
the graphics are a little, on the more colorful side. Hmm. I hope they bring some of this
stuff out, you know, I can see you make, they should do a Gradius collection on like DS
or something, and have this in there. They have a Gradius collection on PSP in Japan.
I know, but they, well they have it here too, but they all have... They have a Parodius collection.
But they need it on DS as well. I'll use Salamander collection, but the fact that it's my old
PSP has a crappy D-pad, it's turning me off from it. Hmm. And I don't want to get a new
PSP, because then I'll have to restart my DKMax save files, because they're locked at
a current PSP. Yeah. Well, cool. Is there any other WiiWare games you're looking forward
to checking out? Um, don't think so. I have a few favorites that I want to buy. I have
a few older games that I've been wanting to buy. Cool. So, crisis averted? I guess. Oh,
no, we have Rob trying to find his microphone. Yes, we're back to normal, sorry, but I'm
sorry I missed the review, but let me just quickly ask for a summary. Is it worth breaking
my boycott over? Hmm. It's certainly not the best... Well, it depends on what game is enough
to make you break your boycott. I mean, there's more of a game for hardcore Gradius fans,
like, I mean, most people feel like it's part of the fact that it's only five stages, and
it doesn't really add much to the series. Hmm. Well, yeah, I know, and there's some
comments from chat, like GameGuru says, Final Fantasy IV, the after years will be cool as
well, and yeah, those are other types of games I'm looking forward to, so I just hope Nintendo
will fix their freaking storage problems sooner rather than later, because, you know, even
I admit my boycott is getting stupid. I'd like Defender Castle to get this game. We'll
see, we'll see. I do love Defender Castle, though. Alright, we're gonna let you go so
we can get some more calls, but thank you for the review. Sorry I wasn't here to hear
it all. Alright. Alright. Yeah, it's cool. Later. Alright, yeah. We had, like, an insect
outbreak here in studio, because a piece of my sandwich fell on the ground, so all the
ants rose up from the ground and were like, rah! They rise from the grave. They rise from
your grave, and so they all decided to, yeah, have a piece of that. I thought it was cute
how you took care of it. Well, I took care of it right away, right? Alright, let's take
a couple more calls here tonight. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this? Hey, that
was pretty quick. It's me, Ranma. Hi, Ranma. Hey, what's up, everyone? Not much. We're
ant-free now. What's up? I just want you guys to know that I took one for the team two weeks
ago, and I want some type of compensation for it. Oh, dear. What's this about? We don't
have compensation. We don't get compensated, so this has got to be good. I actually sat
there and watched Street Fighter, The Legend of Chun-Li. Hey, no one made you do that.
We warned you in advance. Yeah, that's right. We told everybody that was gonna be a pretty
shitty movie. See, the fact of the matter is I didn't even pay for it. I went and downloaded
it, because I said I am not spending $1,125 on this piece of crap. Not that we would usually
advocate piracy, but maybe in that case it'll be okay. Yeah. I mean, they made the movie
a little bit too realistic, and I don't care if I give spoilers or not, because that's
how bad this movie was. Alright. Number one. Bison should not be walking around in a mustache
and a goatee. Okay. Number two. Vega's mask should not look like a cross between Vader
and Shy Guy. Ew. Number three. In the fight sequence in the club, Chun-Li could have at
least had some type of blue dress or something to signify her traditional outfit, you know?
And how the hell does she have injuries on her when you didn't look like she had any
in the movie when she was fighting? I don't know. Not for nothing, I'll say this. After
seeing this movie, the original Street Fighter is ten times better, and I am so looking forward
to Dragon Ball Evolution after this. I don't know, it doesn't look, well, Dragon Ball Evolution
doesn't look as bad. Pretty much. I'm just saying, I think after seeing this, that's
gonna be a lot better. Maybe he could do both in one day, and then if you watch them back-to-back
and you watch this first one that's really craptacular, the second one won't seem so
bad. Do you think it's a shoo-in to win all the Razzie awards next year? No, I don't think
it's that bad. Now if U.A. Boyle had anything to do with it, by default, it would. Okay.
Do you think U.A. Boyle makes better movies than this? I can make better movies than this,
and I have an amateur digital camcorder I got from Joe Dea that I'm borrowing. Well, congratulations.
My sister, who is graduating from Hofstra as a degree in Filming, she could do something
better than this. I've seen her do better work than this, you know? Well, every actor,
every director usually has a stinker somewhere in their career, so what can you do? I know,
I know, and it does help the fact that my roommate is a big Chun-Li fan, and I warned
him, so, yeah. Well, you know, we all told you it would suck, and I have yet to hear
anybody say it's good. I want to hear a good review on this movie. Has Rotten Tomatoes,
is it zero percent on Rotten Tomatoes? I think it is, somebody just linked Rotten Tomatoes
there in chat, I'm gonna look at this, see if it still has a zero percent from all the
critics out there. I don't wanna see your stupid ad, come on. I'm skipping the ad right
now. Yeah, I'm trying to skip it too, but it's so frickin' slow. Alright. Four percent.
Somebody gave it a positive review. Here it is from Variety, of course it's Variety. Neither
the best nor the worst of movies derived from video games, Street Fighter, The Legend of
Chun-Li at least gives action fans plenty to oogle besides the titular heroine. Huh.
Well there you go. A whopping four percent on Rotten Tomatoes. Well, Rama, nobody forced
you to watch it, I don't know what to tell you. I was bored, what can I tell you, I couldn't
get any alcohol. No compensation for Morison's Radio, sorry. Our compensation is go watch
Silent Hill again and see a good game movie. Yes. Or the original Mortal Kombat if you
ask me. The first Mortal Kombat was fantastic. Yeah, it's not bad. Yes it was. I'd even,
I would even say it was really close to theme. The second one is Time Is Life, you know,
I wish I had back. I hope the third one comes out some day. Alright, Rama we're gonna let
you go so we can get some more calls, but take care buddy, okay? You too, alright, later
everyone. We'll try to do at least one more call here. Do we have any last minute stories?
Dark Sakura, I know you had one. You alright over there? Dark Sakura's gonna hopefully
give us a last minute story here. Anyway, I'm glad the microphone didn't catch that.
Let me actually go ahead and take a call because our phone's ringing off the hook here. It
just took a little bit. Hi Aaron, I'll show you, who's this? Sorry. Hey, this is Ray,
this is actually my first time calling, I've been listening to this show for four years
now I guess. Well. Two years now, I've missed once. It's good to hear from you, I'm sorry
I missed your name because you're a little quiet. What was your name again? Oh, Ray.
Ry? R-A-Y. Oh. R-A-Y, yeah, it's my real name, heaven forbid. Okay. Well what is up, Ray?
Uh, nothing really, it's 11 o'clock on spring break, all my friends are away, I have nothing
to do but stay up till 11 o'clock and listen to this show, I love it. I don't think I've
missed a week. Well, thank you very much, we appreciate you listening to the show. Did
you hear something on tonight's show that you wanted to comment on? Any of the stories?
Yeah, actually, uh, indie games pretty much. I can't remember the specifics because I was
just thinking of something to call about, so I'm not just here battling like an idiot
on the internet, but Cave Story, has anyone played it? I'm pretty sure it's low-key, might
have. Um, no, tell us a little more about this game, I don't think I've heard of this.
Uh, Cave Story. Have you ever heard of Cave Story? It's a PC title, it's pretty cool.
Oh, I guess it's coming to the Wii. Oh, okay. It is coming to the Wii, that's why I brought
it up, because it's getting a graphical redesign, but on the PC, it's free, it's translated
from Japanese, and it's kind of a, I want to say classic style shooter, sort of like
Mega Man, but a whole lot harder. No, wait, I'm lying, no, it's a little easier, because
I beat it, and I'm not that good at Mega Man games. I thought I'd notice that Google Cave
Story or English translation should come up one of the first few topics. Well, our chat
room sure seems to know this game, and I'm actually trying to look up a little bit online
to see if I know anything about this, and sadly, no, I don't know how I missed this,
I guess I just, I'm not cool. I've talked about Cave Story before. Have you? Yeah, a
couple times, I don't care for it, but it's neat. Um, I guess they're making a version
on PSP as well, it looks like? Homebrew. It's a Homebrew project. Oh, okay. Huh, interesting
though. How did you find this game? I was looking through a list of Homebrew PSP games,
and I found it there, and I learned more about it, and it had a PC version, which was really
good. Really good. It's the same game, almost, but it looks bigger, better. I don't know
why, is it just me, or does this game look very, like, old-school 8-bit NES-style graphics?
Precisely. Another thing I wanted to mention was, um, Team Fortress 2 had an 8-bit demake
called Gang Garrison 2. I have not seen this. Oh, it's a side-scrolling, isometric shooter,
but it's team-based online, and it's anywhere from 10 players at a time to 100 players at
a time. Huh. Yeah, you can play as all nine major classes, and it's kind of simplified,
but there's still technique to it, like, uh, the Pyro has the Puffer instead of the Backbringer,
there's none of the special extra weapons, and you can deflect rockets back, and 50 on
50 matches are crazy. I've installed it on the computer lab at, uh, my school. It's pretty
neat. Do they let you do that? We have a kind of lax administrator, and we put it on thumb
drives anyway, so it's alright. It's only five megs. Gotcha. Alright, alright. Um,
here's my question. I noticed, you mentioned this game as a demake, and we've talked about,
I know last week's show we were talking about, like, a Final Fantasy X demake and some of
this stuff. What do you think makes these demakes so popular, where people go back in
time and remake games such as, like, you know, Team Fortress 2 or whatever, whatever the
game is? Why do you think people want to keep remaking, or Guitar Hero has had tons of these,
like, in the Commodore 64 and stuff. Why do people want to remake these games on old systems?
What do you think is the allure of it? Well, it's kind of like, almost the opposite of,
uh, the, what was that? I think it's the opposite of, uh, say, just a second here, how Mega
Man X, one of the later X games, took the classic Mega Man action from a pseudo-3D view.
It's sort of strange seeing the new medium, exactly as with the Guitar Hero Commodore
remake. Hmm. I don't know, I don't get into a whole lot of these. I don't know if I necessarily,
usually I'm just kind of like, oh, hmm, that's neat, but I don't really have to, like, play
the whole thing in its entirety, so it's just kind of, it's kind of interesting that there's
this whole kind of community around there, around the demakes. I always thought it was interesting.
There's a Silent Hill 2 remake, I think it was, like, Soundless Mountain 2.
Really? For what system? I know. PC.
Huh. Interesting.
Look up, uh, Google TIG source demake composition, or, uh, Competition Camera Witch,
these funny titles sometimes. They had one for, uh, like a Dig Dug demake, I wonder how they
pulled that off. I don't know how they pulled that off.
Dig Dug demake? Wasn't Dig Dug kind of an old-ass game to begin with?
Yeah, that's what I was wondering. They have one for Left 4 Dead called Left 4K Dead,
which is Java-based, and it's 4K at 4 kilobytes already.
Huh. Wow.
Pretty sure they had a Bioshock demake, too.
Nah, I've seen the Bioshock demake. Interesting. Wow, there's a whole lot.
And again, lots of positive feedback to Cave Story in our chatroom. GameGuru says,
but yeah, Cave Story is a Metroidvania worth buying and it's free on PC. Any PC gamer should
own it. I might have to just seek that out. So you found that amongst all the chat about Wang?
What? In the chatroom?
No, I didn't. I haven't been paying attention to chat, sorry. Well, I mean, I have, but I haven't.
What's the big deal with Wang? Oh, nothing. Just discussion about Watchmen.
Oh, jeez. Alright.
Oh, well, I saw Watchmen. That was an amazing movie.
Did you read the comics? I've read the comic. They almost used the
book as a shooting script. Well, I'm kind of disappointed it left out the death of
the first Night Owl, but they had to make room. Well, question for you. Do you think
the movie ending was better or the comic ending? And don't spoil it because I haven't seen it.
Don't spoil it. Just say which one you prefer. They could not have pulled off the comic ending.
They would have left so many people scratching their heads and to fit the missing writer plot
into there would have added another hour. The comic ending, the movie ending was so
streamlined and it worked. I honestly think that the movie ending better fits the audience today.
That's my opinion. Yeah. Without going into how hokey the comic one was.
All my friends gave it bad reviews. They went in there expecting like Spider-Man or Dark Knight.
It's its own own thing. No, this is R-rated, folks.
The movie ending doesn't make any sense. Yes, it does.
No, it doesn't. Did you read the comics?
Yes, I did. A difference of opinion.
It doesn't make any sense because. I will go see it and be the tie vote.
Without trying to explain too much of the ending of the movie.
It's because a certain character is aligned with a certain country and if that certain,
you know, thing happened, then everyone would blame the certain country and no world peace
would happen. It would just be all everybody against the one country.
Except that it happened within the one country too.
I'm so confused. It doesn't matter though.
Anyway. All right.
Another discussion. We should do a movie cast.
Someday. Maybe as a one-off.
We should call it ultimate spoiler cast.
All right. Ray, I got to wrap up and let you go so we can wrap up the show,
but thanks so much. And I hope you had a good time on your first call and call again sometime. Okay.
All right. Sweet. I'll call back next week.
All right. Later. We may not be here next week, but in two weeks.
All right. Bye.
All right. Later.
All right. We like first time callers. That's a good note to end on tonight, I think. So
sorry guys who didn't get through. We're going to close up the Skypline for now.
You can always send us emails, mailbag orange launch, radio.com, or of course we will continue
to read chat comments throughout the night. We still have some last minute stories, dark soccer.
I'm sorry. We didn't get to you, but Hey, if I hadn't taken that call, it wouldn't have been
a first time caller. So I wouldn't have been burping.
Okay. So, um, there is a, uh, a marketing stunt that went kind of, uh, nuts and it was, um,
actually by monument PR, um, for Friday the 13th for the launch of resident evil five.
And the, basically the big stunt was a treasure hunt, um, where about 50, uh,
members of the public would go and retrieve arms, legs, heads, and torsos from a number of
different areas. Um, so, um, it was basically, um, part of, you know, like I said, part of the,
the big campaign. Um, so they, uh, hid all the body parts, um, within the square mile of London,
like, um, in bins and on window ledges and a hundred people signed up. Um, so, um, basically
it actually said that, um, the people paying attention to it, passers by complained to the
police and officers were there at the finishing line, um, to greet the people who are trying to
assemble bodies. So it's the whole thing. I read about this earlier on the weekend,
the whole thing sounded stupid and like, it did look kind of gross. Like, you know,
there's just certain things that, you know, you gotta wonder who the hell thought this was a good
idea, right? Maybe it was just me. I don't know. Loki. Well, thank you to our emailer and to Jamie
for that one. Loki, did you have anything tonight? Uh, just some small stuff. Um,
Watchmen, The End of Nigh 2 has been announced and apparently it is more of the same. However,
um, it's supposed to be a little bit racier. Apparently it's been rated by the ESRB and
describes, uh, some sexual content in there, including, um, nice. There's a, let's see here.
Uh, well basically the sexual content, I guess, is the more racier part.
Oh, I don't know the blue peen. Well, that's not necessarily in there. As a watch, I guess you'll,
um, fight in a strip club that includes, uh, go-go dancers in cages, peep show booths,
and a pornographic film in the background. However, um, in case you haven't played the
first Watchmen, The End of Nigh, it sucks. And so if it's more of the same, it's more of the suck.
So don't buy it. Or at least try the demo. Um, apparently Peter Moore of EA is saying that
Wii Motion Plus is going to put an end to lazy Wiimote gaming. Um, apparently the 1-1, uh, motion
capture that is part of, um, Wii Motion Plus requires you to actually make the full swing
when playing a golf game or tennis game. You can't just, like, move your wrists a little bit.
Which is great, because that'll encourage more people to throw stuff through their TV. Sweet.
Um, now of course we talked about earlier a free PopCap game you can get on St. Patty's Day,
but of course there's going to be some more stuff coming out as well, including Little Big Planet
is going to be giving away a free, um, St. Patty's Day costume. That'll include a beard,
a shiny green suit, a green top hat, and other stuff to make your character look like a leprechaun.
Um, also in April there's going to be another free costume that's a Monkey King costume.
Apparently it was the winning entry of the PlayStation Asia contest, the design costume
contest. And then there's some more paid costumes coming out later, including a Killzone mini pack,
Buzz mini pack, Patapon costume, and a Heavenly Sword mini pack as well. But I want some more
damn expansions, that's what I want. More stuff like Metal Gear Solid, because that's awesome.
And then finally, um, Resident Evil 5 is already going to get some download content.
The VS download content, it's been dated in Japan. It's going to be available for, um, 250 yen
and 160 Microsoft points on Xbox Live. It is, um, apparently coming out in a few weeks.
And we'll add in some new online co-op modes, as well as some competitive online options.
Uh, I guess some four player, um, game modes and stuff like that as well. So that's kind of neat.
And I'm sure it'll be coming out over here around the same time. That is it.
All right. Lots and lots of last minute stuff, but it's been a little bit of a busy week. Well,
we're going to try to wrap things up and get on out of here for the evening. So we got to go
around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night. Um, brings us to the end of the show.
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you. Your final thought. Blarg. My final thought is Cherry 7-Up
is delicious. And I've had two cans tonight during the show. That can't be healthy. Loki,
your final thought. Um, my final thought is Pagel is fun. All right. That's going to do it. Thank
you guys so much for listening to our show and supporting independent radio. Remember,
if you like what you hear, we do this for free. We do it for fun. We do it for you.
Just tell two people you know about the show, help us spread the word because word of mouth is how
we are able to, um, you know, spread the word about our show. So that's it. We will be back
maybe next week. Stay tuned to the website for updates on the show. Uh, but for sure in two
weeks, we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio. So until then, thank you guys. Have a great
night. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge
production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com. Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific
time. The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of
the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
