Tonight, March 1st, 2009, the R4 DS card gets smacked down in Japan, Cooking Mama is ready to fix it on your iPhone, and could a remake of Silent Hill be made for the Wii?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me every week, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I have beef.
Congratulations.
Hopefully you don't get E. coli or any of the mad cow disease or anything like that.
No!
How are you?
Beefy!
Beefy!
You're listening to Cheeseburger Radio where you can have all the time.
I have a cheese pizza because I haven't eaten anything all day long.
All day long?
Yeah, because I was busy.
I woke up early because Nathan had to call me early to...
GoToFries, and we were building a computer all day, and I didn't have a chance to stop and eat something.
So you got rained out for your thing once again, didn't you?
And next week, and the week after next.
Yeah, don't get me started on that.
It's funny because it'll be clear all fucking week long, and then Sunday, POUR!
You look at the weather for next week, it's the same way, except it's pouring all week, and then it has a break, and then pouring some more on Sunday.
Okay.
At least it's not snowing here.
On my Twitter today, all my friends on the East Coast are like, OMG snow, OMG snow.
It's snowing in Alabama.
It's snowing all over the Southeast.
What?
I have to tell you something else really cool.
I had cheeseburgers for breakfast, too.
Denny's, Denny's
Who's very excited, saying, yay, Cheeseburger Radio.
We also like to broadcast the show on Justin.TV, which you can see as we're taping live on Sunday nights as well.
Justin.TV slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Although people are supposed to be clipping parts of the show, making clips for us.
So I can put them on YouTube, but there's like one clip.
But I want to show this on Justin.TV, so I apologize.
This is going to be horrible radio.
But DarkSakura, talk about the donations you've made to the studios.
Dan and I are doing uber cleaning.
This is like spring cleaning for the millennium.
And we found a bunch of our old posters and wall scrolls and some of them are kind of smashed but I don't think Rob cares about smashed posters on the wall.
So I decided to donate a number of our posters that we were just going to get rid of.
It's hard to see on the TV, anyway.
To the wall.
Not only that wall, but the other wall, and probably that wall, too.
And the ceiling, maybe.
Who knows?
We might be able to really decorate in here.
I'm sure our landlords will love that.
But I wanted to show this one in particular, because this is one of the coolest donations, I think.
And a lot of our longtime fans are going to get a kick out of this.
But tell them what I'm opening up right now.
Rob is opening up a DDR second mix marquee, which I have had for quite some time.
And that's like an actual, like used in a machine type thing.
And if you put tacks in that thing, I will shoot you.
Alright, then I can't put tacks in it.
You can use sticky tacks.
I'll figure something out.
But look at that, there's even an official Konami seal there in the corner that shows you it's the real deal.
It means nothing!
I don't think they really pirated second mix, though.
No, that one actually is a legit second mix marquee.
So, it's my baby.
It was going to go in the vault, but now the vault is completely empty.
I have the metal thing from the machine.
I don't remember the faceplate or whatever.
I never did use that for anything.
But it's around somewhere.
Bring it on over.
We'll put it in studio.
But what would the listeners be most excited about that you're planning to do with some of your stuff, Dark Sakura?
Well, um...
I don't know yet.
It's not really official, Rob.
Oh, sorry.
Then I won't say anything else.
Well, I'll say something.
Okay.
Burn it on air!
Yes, we're going to burn some of it live on air.
Well, as I'm sure our listeners know, Dan and I have a whole lot of shit.
A lot of stuff, really.
And because we're going to be thinning out the collection, some of it, I'm thinking that some of the neater things that we just won't be able to eBay or anything, I might make a big grab bag for Who Wants My Shit?
So if anyone is interested in that, then quick, quick vote in the chat room, wire in or fire.
Who wants my shit?
I hope fire wins.
And I'm talking leftover stuff like Hello Kitty stationery from six years ago.
Awesome.
And Rurouni Kenshin stationery from eight years ago.
Who Wants Jamie's Crap?
I see a lot of Ys popping up in chat.
People want your shit.
God, you want my crap.
Actdeft, I want your shit.
Misty wants your shit.
Old E3 swag, you know, just crap.
So DJ Ranma S wants to know, where's the whiteboard?
The whiteboard is here.
It's down for repairs before we remodel the studio.
I used it for a side project on Thursday, and I need to clean it up.
Rob used it for Big Brother.
I did.
I used it for the Big Brother game.
I was just guessing.
That's great.
I actually did on my own personal J... I don't know if I want to give out the link.
I'll put it out in chat or something.
But on my own personal JTV channel you can see the whiteboard being used earlier this week.
There you go.
DarkSakura did, and some of us were...
I mean, the venue was really nice.
We went to the Fox Theater in Oakland.
It was a pretty venue.
I was taking pictures of the freaking architecture.
Is it a new venue?
I'd never seen anything there before.
They're remodeling it.
Oh, okay.
That makes sense.
It's fairly old.
It's the Fox Theater in Oakland.
Oh, okay.
On Telegraph.
Gotcha.
Well, yeah, we went to Video Games Live, and we had Tommy on the show probably about, what, nine months ago?
Tommy Tallarico, the guy that is really the mastermind behind it.
Long enough to have a baby!
Yeah, he talked for a long time when he was on the show.
But no, we really got some insight as to what was going on, so we finally got to check it out, because the show's been going for, what, three, four years?
I never had a chance to check it out, and Bobby reminded me,
Bobby Blackwolf is the show that's on before us on All Games Radio when we tape live.
Bobby reminded me that I had been hazing Pong as one of the selections for inclusion in video games live.
And actually, it works.
I can eat my words.
It works.
The whole classic game medley thing was actually one of my favorite pieces they did because it did time the music very well when it was on the screen.
I, in turn, will stay...
You need to see it, though, Loki.
It's like for five seconds.
It's not even that bad.
I say that the Pong idea is stupid.
It was fantastic.
I go on the record saying it's retarded and not fantastic in any way.
Yeah, but your opinion doesn't count.
You're just an asshole.
All right.
No, actually, it was good, though.
The whole classic game medley was actually one of my favorite pieces that they did.
It was a good way to start the show.
I want my medley of that trick, you know, the buzzing from the screen.
Okay.
Well, they did have some really random stuff in there.
Like, they had this... Rastan!
Well, that... No, but I'm talking about some of the pieces.
They did the interactive Space Invaders thing last night.
That was fun!
They had a guy get up on stage, and he would run to the left, and the ship would move left, and he'd run to the right, the ship would move right, but you can tell it's just some dude in the back with a joystick moving it in the direction that the guy's running, because there's a huge, massive lag.
But no matter what he did, the Space Invaders destroyed the two...
and World Trade Center.
Shut up.
But he didn't win because Tommy was yelling, shoot the sides, you idiot, shoot the sides.
Not like that, but he's yelling, shoot the sides.
And the guy didn't figure out how to do it.
But I was thinking to myself, I was like, you know, there's really not a lot of music in Space Invaders.
It's literally three notes that the orchestra is playing faster.
Okay, sorry, four notes that the orchestra is playing faster and faster with one person assigned to be the UFO.
Beep, beep, beep.
I think the chorus was singing with it though
That whole thing is more like a night at the orchestra.
Granted, there's a little more clapping and cheering and interactivity, but if video game's live, Tommy just comes right out and says, you just scream right along, you cheer for your favorite stuff, we just want everybody to have fun.
So you can tell right off the bat they're going for a totally different type of setup.
Did anyone go, what?
Woo!
Intermission!
My favorite part!
No, I don't think anyone cheered for the intermission.
There was applause for the intermission.
Was there?
There was applause for the intermission.
Well, because they had like a loading screen, which was really funny.
I know, that was cool.
That was funny.
I liked that they had before the show and during the intermission, they would have little YouTubes, like that Ms.
Pac-Man for Reels thing, and some of these things would show up randomly during the usually dead parts, and it was cool.
Okay, so I had a good time.
It was like a mini convention, and obviously a lot of the arrangements were beautiful.
I forgot just how awesome the music is in Civ 4.
I'm so happy they included that piece because Civilization 4 was amazing.
The singer was very nervous.
The singer was very nervous.
But he did a good job.
He's got a gorgeous voice.
Oh yeah.
The God of War.
Not a series I've ever really been into.
Her voice was impressive.
Amazing.
Her voice was amazing.
Until he makes me want to play that game now.
The Metroid thing gave me a huge fan boner, obviously, if you've listened to the show long enough.
The Sonic thing kind of wasn't mine.
Thanks for watching!
Crono Trigger, Crono Cross
and the first guy gets up and goes, for the Horde!
And there's people, ah!
Everybody's cheering.
And then, for the Alliance!
Boo!
Our area was booing.
It was amazing.
Okay, parts I didn't like.
And Jamie disagrees with me on this.
Here's the thing.
When I say I didn't like it, this is like constructive criticism.
Overall, I thought the show was great.
I had a good time.
I enjoyed myself.
But if there's one thing I could have replaced with something else, because he goes up there and he says, hey, we have like 60 things we could choose from, and it's really hard to pick 20 that we can do here at night.
So my suggestion, lose the Guitar Hero Aerosmith thing, because it didn't fit to me.
It did not fit with the rest of the night.
And yes, I understand Guitar Hero is a video game too, blah, blah, blah.
And yes, we understand Tommy Tallarico is related to...
But here's the thing.
I didn't go to Video Games Live to hear Sweet Emotion.
You know what I mean?
Dude, I sure did.
It just was not what I wanted to hear.
It felt like I could watch a dude play Guitar Hero any day of the week on YouTube or any of that stuff.
I just didn't care for that.
And then when I go online and see, oh, I could have heard Bioshock, and instead they gave me that, I was a little disappointed.
I understand they wanted to give more stuff away, do another interactive cheer, cheer, cheer thing, but for me, it didn't work.
I didn't like it.
I think the best thing to have done with that would be to have brought the guy out and said, here, here's your prize.
This is the dude that won!
Yay!
Bye!
And maybe I would even go for like a music game tribute that does like Guitar Hero and Rock Band little pieces of the songs or something.
You know, maybe even incorporate some DDR.
I don't know.
There could be a cool Space Channel 5.
Okay, when they said that they were about to do a tribute to the Sega game, was I the only one that yelled out Space Channel 5?
We all knew it would be Sonic.
I'm like, I don't have to use the subtitles.
I'll tell you what, though.
What I did, I had a fun time with this part was when he came out with the guitar before the Chrono Trigger bit.
And like, so what do you, so, you know, we're going to hear both of this.
It's like, play some Skinner, man.
And I was like, Freebird.
Yeah, the minute he came out with his guitar, everybody started yelling Freebird.
He's like, I'm not going to play Freebird.
And then after the song was over, he says, okay, now I'm going to play Freebird.
Actually, there was somebody in our section that called for Sweet Emotion.
No, called for Dream On.
That was it.
Really?
See, somebody else knew, I guess.
BlackWolsonChat right now says, I've got the Video Games Live Chrono Trigger song up on YouTube.
This is a good arrangement.
Has it really hit YouTube already?
Dude, he said, get that on YouTube tonight.
That's true.
Now, that's what I thought was great.
Cameras were encouraged.
Video taping was encouraged.
It was fun.
There's no stick up the ass.
Because keep in mind, every concert is different.
Wow, okay, here we go.
Yeah, this is from last night.
This is from user GBPMike has put up some of the arrangement.
Yeah, this is from last night.
And you can hear everybody cheering and yelling in the back.
I felt really bad for the flute player She missed a note big time
So anyway, yeah, the flute player missed a note.
I think even Martin Lern missed a note at one point.
I heard the piano.
I don't know if it was him on piano.
I heard a bad piano note at one point.
I was like, don't.
But, you know, mistakes happen.
I'm not going to be like that critical.
That's just that's, you know, it didn't ruin the night.
Come on.
No, it didn't.
No, I am.
It ruined the night completely.
How dare they miss a note?
I come for a perfect performance.
It's a little different when you're the soloist.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You know, considering no doubt tickets are going for like 80 bucks right now, it's I guess what concert tickets are going for these days.
But you know what?
If you have the money, if you have the time, check it out when it goes to your town.
I wouldn't follow it around like a dead tour or anything like that, or I don't think I'd drive like a huge distance to see it, but I would definitely make it a point to see it when it comes to my town again.
I might actually, you know.
Well, it's going to be at E3.
I want to see different shows.
They just announced, if you go to their site, they just announced like 45 new tour dates or something like that.
And they are going to be playing a show in LA on June 4th during E3.
So, it's, you know, they love to do that.
They love to kind of sync up with big nerd conventions and things of that sort.
WonderCon was this one.
Yes.
and Actdeft asked, did they play the Metal Gear Solid song?
Yes, they did.
And they even had David Hayter doing intros for each part.
And Tommy Tallarico came out in the orange box and he was hiding in the box that said orange on it.
Lots of tour dates announced for Canada.
If you're in Canada, you're very happy right now.
They're going to Saskatchewan on May 11th, Alberta, Calgary 15th, 16th, Edmonton 18th,
British Columbia the 20th and 21st all those dates in May so like they're doing a huge sweep of Canada in May and like even Winnipeg in July as well Singapore they're gonna be in Singapore Romania France in November later on this year they'll be in Portland Oregon for a couple of shows in November San Diego July 23rd New York Lewiston July 31st so they're gonna be all over later this year
so, alright, so that was our experience of video games live, otherwise, as far as my gaming week goes, personally, I didn't have a whole lot else to do with my week that was new, didn't play a lot of new stuff still the old standby favorites but I'm definitely this week going back to playing some Civ 4, I have to remember how awesome the music is this week, I was like, oh god I need to play this again, especially the video and everything, it just, it makes you all warm and tingly like a video game fan so, DarkSakura, any anything else in your gaming week besides video game live?
I actually, right before the show, when I was getting my slab of beef with two crackers on either side I was playing Raiden 2 and Marvel vs. Capcom And oh my god, I hate when an arcade machine is in such bad repair Oh god I was using the dragon though in Raiden 2, that was pretty fun
I was just going to say, speaking of arcade machines, this is going to seem completely random, but I saw a news story on this this week.
Did you hear about that they're auctioning off all the arcade games that they had at Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch?
They're going to try to sell all these games.
The dude had a Hip Hop Mania machine.
He had a Sega 360.
He had one of those too.
He had a lot of different types of machines, but he actually had a Hip Hop Mania cabinet.
I kind of want it.
Like, the starting price I think was only like $400 to $600.
I'm thinking about putting a bid on it just for fun.
Do it.
Dude, wouldn't that be awesome to have a freaking Hip Hop Mania cabinet in here that was like once owned by Michael Jackson?
That would be kind of funny.
Dude, that is not auctioning off his Moonwalker.
I don't know why, but I think that's one of those random awesome things.
Dude, he had a Jumbo Safari machine.
Well, keep in mind.
Hmm.
Who was his biggest video game buddy?
Oh, Sega.
Exactly.
Absolutely.
He was in Space Channel 5 Part 2.
Shut up, Loki.
I said video game buddy.
What?
He played video games with him.
Macaulay Culkin is not a video game company.
We said buddy.
You did not specify.
TigerClaw says, I wonder, did Michael Jackson even play those games?
Probably not.
Well, maybe a couple of them.
But, um, who knows?
I doubt he played them all, but it would still be kind of cool to own a machine that was once at Neverland Ranch.
Come on.
Come on.
Who doesn't want to own a piece of history like that?
I think I'm seriously going to try to buy one of the machines.
I can't spend a lot of money, but, you know, I'll try to get something.
Why not?
DJ Ranma S in our chatroom says, if you win that arcade machine, you better check it with a black light.
They had a hip-hop media machine local.
Did they?
It was a beat media machine or something.
I sent Jamie the link to it on Twitter like a while ago.
That poor...
And it was about the same price.
Interesting.
Not from Golfland, though.
I thought for sure Roseville, you know, Hip Hop Mania, it's gotta be from Golfland, but no.
I swear to God, though, if other Bomani fans out there try to outbid me on the Hip Hop Mania machine from Neverland Ranch, I will cut you.
Anyway, Jamie, anything else with your... I can't say names right tonight.
Anything else with your gaming week?
Um...
No, City of Heroes, which my thing expired now, so I don't know if I'm going to play.
And the really stupid Flash game that I can't remember.
Oh, yeah, I played with my virtual pet on Facebook today.
I also want to say that was the worst no answer I've ever heard.
What?
Because you said, I said, is there anything else in your gaming week?
You said no, but City of Heroes and Facebook games.
Oh, Rob.
What?
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Oh, I didn't play anything.
Except for, you know, Grand Theft Auto Lost and Damned.
You're a little feisty tonight, Loki.
I like this.
No, I'm getting over a cold, actually.
Again.
It's like cold the sequel.
You know, I first got sick, and then I got better, and then I got the flu, and then I got better.
But now I'm coughing again.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And it's kind of cheesy, but I kind of like it.
It's got achievements like crazy.
For the most redundant, stupid things ever.
Like you start the game and you get an achievement immediately.
It's awesome.
You pause the game and you get an achievement.
It's great.
But then the whole game is just very...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
One game at a time, right?
I might be getting a new car soon.
One of the things I did this weekend was I went car shopping.
It kept me away from video games for a little while.
And the reason why I bring that up is that if I do end up getting a car and have to factor in a car payment into my budget now, I'm probably going to have to really cut back on the amount of new video games I buy.
So I can definitely feel the pain of, you know, I don't have to get Killzone 2 just because it's new.
No, and seriously, that is the thing too.
I kind of almost feel like peer pressure based on all the advertisements and all the hype and stuff.
And when I look at it, it's like...
You know, it's just another shooter game.
Do I really need to play this?
And no, I don't.
It's the same with Star Ocean.
I was going to buy that.
I'm like, do I need to really play this right now?
No, I don't.
And the more I keep evaluating stuff like that, the less I'm buying, which is fine.
Eat Lead was one of those games that looked funny, and I wanted to play it, and I didn't really give a crap about the production value or anything of the game.
Because
You know, it's not an excellent game, but it's fun.
So that's why I decided to play that one.
And then, of course, I'm waiting for Mad World to come out because it's a lot of blood and killing, which is going to be so awesome.
Actdeft in chat jokes, Sky, you're getting a Yaris?
I'm considering it.
It's not high up on my list anymore, though.
It was before, but right now I'm torn between another Corolla and a Jetta.
Rob, if you get a Yaris, the terrorists win.
And by terrorists, I mean people that made the Yars game.
Oh, shut up.
Alright, anything else, Loki, in your gaming week?
I was actually also looking at hacking Lost and Damned, but I haven't gotten around to actually doing it yet, but I've...
and I'll see you next time.
All right, maybe you do, and that's why we put it out as a podcast.
But check it out, chat.orange.com live on Sunday nights when we tape at allgames.com.
I also wanted to show us your tweets segment.
You guys sometimes respond to our Twitter requests at username OLR on Twitter.
And just before the show, I asked, hey, Twitter, when and if Video Games Live comes to your town, what do you hope they'll play?
Thanks for watching!
I would love to hear the Wild Arms intro.
Actdeft says, when they came to Mexicali, I hoped they would play a Kirby song.
Sadly, they didn't, but Kirby plus orchestra equals awesome.
Crows says they're coming to Houston late 2009.
I want to hear a crapload of Ace Combat 5 songs and the main theme of Fallout 3.
Ooh, that makes me think Bethesda, Oblivion.
Oblivion would be an awesome one to hear.
Pigruuno says the Let's Tap theme tune.
And Harry AKA says some of the beautiful music from Braid.
That's not a bad suggestion either.
Braid had a very kind of ambient soundtrack that might be pretty awesome to hear live.
And since they're always adding new stuff, kind of shuffling it up, keeping it fresh, who knows what's going to come to that in the future.
Show us your tweets by following us on Twitter, username OLR.
You know what?
I was going to mention something that I was going to play this week, but I didn't get a chance to, and I really, really sad.
Oh, I also play more Nomi Nobi Boy, and I still don't get any, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, so they have all of them, including the levels where you're inside the bases and stuff.
And it's in that same perspective and everything.
So that was pretty awesome.
So definitely go check those out.
I'm planning on downloading them all and playing them.
But yeah, that's it.
And hopefully, I'm hoping that this whole hacking Lost and Damned thing works.
To have some more funny videos coming out.
It's funny, if you break open the Lost and Damned...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
I never say never.
Things that we thought would never happen have happened.
Whoever thought we would boot up our Nintendo GameCube and see a Sega logo, right?
Whoever thought there would have been a Marvel DC crossover.
Wait, that was old.
All right.
Anyhow, other housekeeping this week.
I don't really have a whole lot of housekeeping this week.
I did housekeeping.
Yeah.
Just, you know, continue to support us on the web.
Again, if you've not visited the new orangelaunchradio.com, you need to check it out.
DarkSakura uploaded some of the pictures she took from Video Games Live, actually.
I uploaded the one to the main page there of the marquee.
But if you go into the OL Army pics on the gallery page,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Some of these are a little blurry, but that one and that one are really good.
You should send those in.
I bet they'd use those.
I took them with my iPhone.
I know.
For iPhone pictures, it's not bad.
And then somebody apparently uploaded a thing that says, Rob is officially gayer than Christmas.
Rob versus Christmas.
You'll just have to check it out.
He asked me if it was me, and I said no.
No, I bet anything it was Travis and John last night on Understation Live.
This just seems like something they'd do.
This reeks of John and Travis somehow.
How can we fuck with the new OrangeLoungeRadio.com?
I know, let's make a Robbis Gay joke.
See, isn't it fun being friends with them?
I know, I know.
Those little bastards.
But I love them.
In a totally homosexual way.
Alright, let's get to some gaming news, Loki.
Well, you may remember last week Capcom was teasing something that they were going to announce on Monday.
Well, that announcement was Lost Planet 2.
And Lost Planet 2 looks very epic, very cold still, yet strangely enough is like in a jungle.
It's a frozen jungle.
But they have a bunch of other cool stuff.
It looks pretty sweet.
Right now...
4Player Online Co-op
which is pretty neat and I don't know I think the game looks really cool different environments they even have like some sort of mech thing because you before you can get like the mech suits well now these mech suits can get into a bigger mech suit that's like uh Voltron-esque so that looked kind of neat but uh very exciting but uh no word on when this is planning on um
Dead Rising 2 Lost Planet 2
I guess that's not too big of a surprise.
I was going to chat, by the way, Travis says it was not us that did the Rob is Gayer Than Christmas picture, so that'll just forever remain a mystery.
And now he's also saying Under Station Live... What if it was Fart Princess?
It could have been.
Now he's also saying Under Station Live is coming to an end.
and I'm just like, huh?
So I want more information on what this is all about.
I'm going to call you later, Travis.
You better call in later, Travis.
I want details.
What the hell is going on?
All right, anyhow, back to video games for now.
Assassin's Creed on the PSP.
A lot of announcements coming out of Sony camp this week about the PSP at one of their destination PlayStation events.
Assassin's Creed is going to be coming to the PSP.
Ubisoft will be putting it out on the Sony portable system a little later this year.
So apparently there's also going to be an Assassin's Creed bundle coming out as well with a PSP with it.
So there you go.
Assassin's Creed coming out a little later this year for you fans of that game and also for fans of having games on the PSP.
So there you go.
In other news, speaking of PSP stuff, you know there's actually something about LittleBigPlanet.
It's going to be on PSP, because I said so, and because apparently Sony says so too.
And it's going to be sometime before the end of the year, but it is in conjunction with Media Molecule, and it's supposed to be very much like the PS3 version, where you can...
Make your levels and share them and play the game and play everybody else's crap but just take it with you.
You know what I think?
What?
I think that it's going to be you would download everything through the PlayStation like you do through the PS3 like you do now with whatever link to the PSP.
I think this is one of the biggest does to come out of the PlayStation event.
I mean, LittleBigPlanet's been a huge new IP for them.
Although, I don't know how well it's been selling here in the U.S., but I think it's been doing much better overseas.
But, you know, I think this is no surprise at all that they're putting a port of this on the PSP.
We had rumors about this a few months ago.
No surprise here.
I guess I am surprised, though, that Media Molecule's not doing it themselves.
That's kind of...
I'm not surprised because they're busy doing expansions and stuff for the main game.
Just have someone else port it.
That's fine.
As long as it turns out alright.
I was going to say also that I think it's pretty cool that they're actually taking the PSP seriously this year.
Putting out some pretty strong games because I remember...
I don't know, I think it's kind of cool.
Something else that's going to be coming to the PSP, another PS3 franchise there, Motorstorm Arctic Edge, which is of course going to be more...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The game will also be ported to the PlayStation 2 as well.
Because they tend to port a lot of those PSP games to the PS2 and vice versa.
Makes sense.
They're still cranking out PS2 games.
Still.
Still selling well, so why not?
I guess the price is right.
And it's probably pretty easy for them to port stuff like that to the PS2.
Might as well.
Get some more sales that way.
All right, well, if none of those games sounded interesting to you at all, maybe this is a little more up your alley.
A new Hannah Montana PSP bundle.
Oh, joy!
That's right.
This is coming out in July.
It's going to be a PSP in a brand new color called Lilac.
and DarkSakura.com.
But also it's coming out with a UMD of episodes from Hannah Montana.
Also a two gigabyte memory stick coming with it.
And, and, and, stickers to decorate your PSP with Hannah Montana.
So there you go.
apparently some also casual other things coming to the PSP Ubisoft has his Pets series coming to the PSP Pets Saddle Club being one of the first releases in September obviously this is happening to compete with the DS a little bit you know because they have the whole Carrie Underwood playing a pink DS commercial so you know Sony has now tapped into Hannah Montana which is you know what
Lover or hater, it's a huge brand for tween girls.
So I guess this is the way to go, right?
To try and sell some of these at Christmas time?
That they've tapped Hannah Montana?
Isn't that illegal?
You know what I mean, you ass.
La la la la la la.
Exactly.
So I don't know though.
I kind of want a baby shit purple PSP because I don't think anybody else would have one.
it is an interesting color but I want one of the blue ones more I think I'll get the Madden pack that came with the blue PSP even though I have a perfectly fine and functioning PSP right now I kind of want the lilac one but not bad enough to go for Hannah Montana I'm also just kind of like
You know the PSP2 announcement's coming, probably at E3.
So if I can at least make myself wait until E3 to upgrade my PSP, then I'll have motivation to just wait even longer until PSP2 comes out.
I don't think there is going to be PSP2 at E3.
I think there'll be something.
There'll be another revision, but from what I heard, it was supposed to be even slimmer with a sliding screen, but that's about it.
We'll see.
It'll just be the same thing.
Whatever, who cares?
It's not going to help.
GeoVidea in chat says, Tap, Ass, and Hannah Montana should not be said in the same sentence.
I apologize to any listener that was offended.
All right.
Enough Hannah Montana.
Please, DarkSakura, help us change the subject.
How about release dates?
How about release dates?
Well, we've got quite a bit for the UK, and I'm going to go on and go through next Sunday since it will already be after that by the time they get this.
So on March 4th, we have Empire Total War.
That's for PC.
On the 6th, Battle Fantasia.
There's also New Play, Control, Mario Power Tennis, Patapon 2, Tenchu, Shadow Assassins, Tom Clancy's Hawks, Watchmen, The End is Nigh.
That's for PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
And Flock for Xbox 360.
The PlayStation 3 version says it's out on the 9th.
Yeah, those are the...
Live Arcade Games.
Gotcha.
Or PlayStation Network games.
Is that it?
That's it.
Okay.
Well, in the US, there's actually quite a bit coming out this week.
Lots of stuff, including, of course, the big title, Halo Wars, coming out on Xbox 360.
On PSP, we're getting Phantasy Star Portable, which is the remake of the Ambition of the Illuminous expansion.
We've also got MLB, both 09 and 2K9.
09, of course, coming out on all Sony platforms, and then 2K9 coming out on pretty much everything but the DS, because the DS version is getting MLB 2K9 Fantasy All-Stars, which is a weird-looking game, but whatever.
Empire Total War coming out on PC.
Also that week, we've got SBK Superbike World Championship coming out on PS3, Xbox 360, and Wii and PlayStation 2, I believe.
Also, Tom Clancy's Hawks on Xbox 360 and on PS3.
Wii Ski and Snowboard on the Nintendo Wii, kind of a sequel to that Wii Ski game that came out last year.
Also, coming out as well...
Littlest Pet Shop Spring because there's just not enough of those games.
King of Fighters 98 Ultimate Match coming out on PlayStation 2.
A little retro fighting action there.
And then Spongebob vs. the Big One Beach Party Cook-Off, your Spongebob-themed Cookie Mama game.
And let's see here.
Sonic and the Black Knight on the Wii.
And finally...
It's not going to do well.
I can tell you right now.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Resident Evil, not your mom.
PlayStation 3 also getting Biohazard 5 which seems to be dominating the week over there this week but don't count out MLB09 the show and Senju no Valkyria is getting a price reduction as well which is just you know Valkyria Chronicles over here in the US um
On the Nintendo Wii on March 5th, only one big release is Relaxuma Mina de Goryuri Sekatsu is coming out, which looks like a game with cute little animals.
There's no screenshots, just cute little finger-painted... Wouldn't that be awesome if that was a survivor horror game?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Also coming out on the Nintendo DS, Kimo Koei and Simple DS Volume 47.
Because every week it seems like over there there's another Simple DS game coming out.
Lastly on the PSP, it looks like they're getting the 3000 in blue this week in Japan and red.
and a lot of matching gear coming out to match that.
Otherwise, Mineno Golf Portable, which is just Hot Shots Golf, is getting a price reduction.
There you go.
Not a lot of huge stuff in Japan this week since you have Resident Evil 5.
Did you see their new colors that they have for the DSi?
Just the black and the crappy blue.
No, they have the new colors for Japan.
No, I have not seen it.
They have this weird, not even maroon, it's like a...
I don't know, pinkish-purple, magenta-colored system.
They got this weird lime-green and then a dark blue.
It's probably better than the colors here.
That light blue is terrible.
I don't want a DSi in that color.
Well, I don't really want a DSi anyway.
I'm not sold on it yet.
Me neither.
Maybe when some of the DSi games start coming out.
I hardly ever play handhelds unless I'm in bed sick or something.
I'm just not a big handheld fan.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Snowboard Riot
We'll see you next time.
And spoiler alert, beer pong's not worth it for 800 points there.
Damn it!
I was wanting to play it for myself and find that out, Loki.
Jerk.
Seriously, you can buy cups and a ping pong ball for cheaper.
And you can get drunk.
But only if you're 21 or over, please.
I was going to say, I don't know if you noticed, this week actually was the first week that they started offering, I guess over here, I thought they were available over here already, but Commodore 64 games on the virtual console.
I thought we mentioned it last week's show?
I don't remember.
Maybe we didn't.
Because I remember getting into a conversation about it.
No, I guess not.
If they just came out on Monday, I guess we wouldn't have brought it up yet.
But, um, yeah, no, I saw that they were there.
I haven't downloaded any yet, because I'm still on my stupid little I'm not downloading anything else kick.
Well, seriously, I mean, what, they announced a solution how long ago now?
Uh-huh.
And, uh, here's the thing.
Well, there is one thing that will break it.
When Impossible Mission comes out, I have to get it.
I have to.
Because I loved that game on the Commodore 64.
So, that'll be the thing that gets me to break.
You gotta stand strong.
But that didn't come out yet, so we'll see.
I never agreed to do it well if I conveniently forget to turn on the Nintendo Wii 2 I probably won't even remember to download it and if I just stay away from blog sites on Monday I won't ever hear it's out but now that I said that I'll get a million emails from listeners saying hey Rob did you break your thing yet?
Impossible Mission came out today jerk
Seriously, though, when are they going to... They're probably going to make this big announcement at E3.
It's like, yes, we're going to have a storage solution.
You know, we totally never announced this before.
Or you're going to have to buy this new system to get it.
Yeah, you're going to have to buy... Yeah.
Ugh.
Hate them.
Hate them all.
I love Nintendo.
Because we have Choaniki.
Whatever.
Anyways, not even Choaniki broke my ban.
ExciteBots Trick Racing is coming out on the Nintendo Wii April 20th.
and um no one seems to know what it is it's so crazy what exactly is excite truck or excite uh bots you know it is being made by uh the people that did excite truck and the excite bike fan or franchises i've never heard this game this is completely no this is i've never this is a shock
Absolutely new news to me.
Complete utter shock to me.
Okay, no, really, I have heard about this.
But it's funny that no one seems to know what the game is about.
And probably better that they don't.
I mean, surely it wouldn't be something as stupid as, like, the bots, like, battle each other or something.
Like, it's a racing, like, robot thing where they actually, like, a mech thing.
It wouldn't be that stupid, would it?
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
It would be crazy.
They could have a weird synopsis for it or something.
I'm just trying to think of what exactly we would say.
I don't know.
Make something up.
Try to make up what a possible synopsis for ExciteBots might read.
ExciteBots.
Let me think here.
Um...
Ah, let's see.
If I were to guess an Excitebots trick racing synopsis, I would say that Excitebots trick racing takes the big air thrills and simple controls of Excite Truck and ramps up the fun with a non-stop barrage of funky challenges and minigames performed at a blinding speed.
You won't believe your eyes when you find yourself shooting goals, throwing pies, even playing poker in the middle of racing robotic animals, insects, around off-road tracks.
Goddamn, Loki, you are one hell of an improv artist.
I know, it's so crazy.
That's amazing.
How poetic in your description.
I know.
And I also might say that it will support two to six players over Wi-Fi.
Why can't you be that eloquent normally?
I just don't have it in me.
you just got excited you're just too full of cheese sadly enough I do want to play this game but I'm really I'm scared that they fucked this up and you know it's like I've been waiting so long for an Excite Truck sequel and I know they fucked this up it's like you can't fuck this up you just do the same thing put out the same damn game just change the tracks add different cars you don't have to do anything it's sold okay but I know they fucked this up and it's really scaring me
So I'm loading up this to read this comment in chat.
X-Link says, Excitebox, it will make you shit your pants.
Which, by the way, this is a game I played a ton of this week, that Flash game, Don't Shit Your Pants.
That's my favorite new little sound I've heard in a Flash game.
Just Google it if you have no idea what I'm talking about.
Um...
Anyhow, uh, comments from chat, I'm sorry, no more comments from chat.
Oh, well, no, okay, some comments from chat.
TigerClaw says, why can't they do a sequel to Excite Bike?
Excite Bike, not Excite Truck, but Excite Bike.
Um, they could do that!
Excite Truck with Excite Bikes in there!
Oh my god, look at that, it's expanding on the franchise!
Do it like MotorStorm, I mean, come on!
GS68 suggests Excite Pants.
Mix the magic of Excite Truck with the suspense of Don't Shit Your Pants the game and you have Excite Pants.
Let me put it this way.
We have a toilet at one end of the course.
I'm still going to play this game.
I'm still going to try it out.
The description so far and the fact that I haven't seen any screenshots or know anything about it, it kind of scares me right now.
But I don't understand how playing poker and driving really fast...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It was recently trademarked here in America, Final Fantasy IV The After Years, and that's a cell phone series over in Japan.
Well, guess what?
It has been announced this week that it's going to be coming out for the Wii.
Well, I guess it hasn't really been announced, but the ESRB has rated the title an E on the Wii.
Final Fantasy 4 The After Years Final Fantasy 4 The After Years
I think so, because it was a cell phone game.
So I'm kind of curious to see if they still keep it looking like that on the Wii.
It could be a download thing.
It might be WiiWare.
It might not necessarily be a disc.
It could be something that's going to be released WiiWare.
That's what it was supposed to be.
That could be kind of cool then, because it could be in the style of Mega Man 9.
Right?
That'd be cool.
That makes a lot of sense.
So that could also be something that makes me want to break my little band.
But seriously, I am so pissed off at Nintendo.
I mean, come on.
If they fuck this up, I'm out for blood.
You heard it here first.
Alright, so there you go.
Final Fantasy IV The After Years.
I want to definitely check that out.
Well, there's a device that we've discussed on the show a number of times, and I have one myself in the family of it, which I will not name nor say or let anyone know where I'm hiding it, because I actually just found it while I was cleaning.
Yeah, I can't find my DS... Thingy.
No, I can't find my DS, too, and the thingy that's in the DS.
I found my thingy.
I found the thingy in the box.
What thingy?
Okay, I have a Ninja Pass.
I have not used it.
I have nothing on it.
I just have one.
I have an R4 DS and an M3 and I put tons of pirated games on both of them.
But to be honest, I haven't played my DS in forever.
So much so that it's buried in a room somewhere.
Back to my story.
And it's funny that you mentioned the R4.
That's why I bought it too because it, you know.
The R4 is now officially outlawed in Japan.
There's actually an injunction filed against the Chinese manufacturer put out by the Tokyo District Court, and it's now illegal to sell anywhere in Japan.
In fact, you can't find them in stores anymore at all.
Squeenix, Capcom, Nintendo, the big guys, they're saying that because of the illegal sales, they're going to also make sure that they're going to try to knock down anyone who's selling the other types that are like the R4.
But who knows?
The other countries might be following suit.
Interesting.
We haven't heard about a lot of devices getting banned over there.
So this is... And now Loki, you're breaking the law of another country.
You know what, Rob?
Huh?
You see that cup on the floor?
What?
Yeah.
You'd get caned for that in Singapore.
Oh, gee.
Oh, no.
So you're breaking the law of another country.
It doesn't matter.
Like I said, you know, I don't even play my DS right now.
Or my PSP.
Out of curiosity, is there anyone in chat who owns one of these who thinks this is, you know, interesting, surprising?
Are you scared because now you have one?
Or are you just, like, whatever?
Whatever.
I'm totally not surprised, to be honest.
Yeah, I know.
It's not totally surprising, but... Oh, well.
Unfortunately, with the DS, they can't really flash it to not work with or to basically break it or anything.
They can't do any firmware updates like they can with the PSP.
What if it means they'll stop selling it?
Or if you'll still be able to get them over here?
Well, they've already made them pretty hard to get.
um in fact when I was buying mine um they were pretty hard to get and you know they were starting to pull them off you know shelves online and stuff like that so that you know they wouldn't get in any lawsuit trouble but uh luckily I got both of mine actually the M3 and R4 are almost identical in fact I think there's like one little point that you change on each chip that you can convert them back and forth and um
I don't know, they work okay.
The one I bought the M3 for, for Game Boy Advance, Homebrew stuff, because there was this one motocross game I wanted to try out, and there was some other Zelda-type game I wanted to try out that was kind of cool.
I haven't really played any ROMs for the Game Boy Advance, so I'm just not really interested in that.
And DS stuff, it's fun to check stuff out every now and then, but really nothing holds my interest for...
Hardly any time, so I just don't see the point in spending $20 on each of these games.
And that's on a cheap game, unless you get something Square Enix, which is like $40 for a fucking DS game, which is retarded.
I just can't see myself spending that kind of money on a game that I'm only going to play for a few hours and just kind of throw to the side.
It's just my own thing.
Economy's tough, you know what?
And I wasn't going to buy your game anyway, so... But hey, I spend my money... I spend plenty of money on other things, you know?
Like I said, you know, what, the last week or so, or a couple weeks ago, I... Five copies of Lost and Damned, so... You know, I'm paying my money.
Alright, let's move on with more news.
We've got to wrap up Part A, get to Part B tonight.
Yes.
So, kind of a game that I like...
Thanks for watching!
This sounds like an okay idea to me, but not that great.
I don't know.
There are some actual characters in Saints Row, so it works, but then again, the whole game is very sandbox-ish, and you can make your own main characters, so designing who the main character is going to be is a little bit tough, I think, but as far as an actual storyline that goes, it's kind of compelling.
There is one, but...
I don't know, I think that type, anything that's sandbox-ish, as far as gameplay goes, it's going to be very hard to make a movie out of.
But anyways, he's interested in it, and he says according to 50 Cent, he said that his relationship with THQ is very good, and you'll see Saints Row, I'm optioning the rights for that right now.
Dude, I hope the plot is as awesome as Blood on the Sand.
You know, Blood on the Sand, I think, to be honest, is just fun.
That's the whole point.
It wasn't like he was trying to be serious.
I think it was just fun.
Speaking of plot and movies and something that didn't make our show roll tonight, but I was chatting with somebody before the show about this.
Have you heard about how horrifically the new Street Fighter movie is doing?
Apparently it has a 0% on Rotten Tomatoes right now.
Oh, I would believe it.
I mean, it looks like crap.
I'm sorry.
One of my LiveJournal friends went and saw it and said it is worse than the original Street Fighter movie, if you can imagine.
Yeah.
That was actually a ringing endorsement to me.
I love bad movies.
Now I kind of want to go see it.
Oh, it's out?
Yeah, it just came out on Friday.
I completely forgot about it.
I wonder how terrible it did at the box office, because box office numbers come out.
Let me go look.
It was pretty much Street Fighter, the movie this week, and Jonas Brothers in 3D.
Okay, Medea Goes to Jail was the number one movie this week with 16.5 million bucks.
Medea Goes to Jail, okay.
Jonas Brothers, 12.7 million, which they say was actually underperforming compared to the Miley Cyrus movie a few months ago.
Slumdog Millionaire, 12.1 million, but it just won the Oscar.
So it was not in the top three.
Nor was it 4, 5, or 6, or 7 Street Fighter came out its opening weekend number 8 When did it beat?
4.6 million dollars What did it beat?
Confessions of a Shopaholic in its third week of release Friday the 13th in its third week of release Fired Up in its second week of release But what beat it?
Paul Blart, Mall Cop, and its seventh week of release made more money than Street Fighter The Legend of Chun-Li, and its seventh week of release.
Coraline, but I hear that's a good movie, so we don't need to make fun of that.
It's a Street Fighter movie that has like...
Thank you for watching!
All right, well, hey, speaking of game movies, a good game movie, I think, anyway, a lot of people disagree with me, but one of the better ones in many, many years, in my opinion, Silent Hill was a video game movie that came out.
I liked it.
We all generally liked it.
I saw it four times in the theater.
You really liked it.
I saw it twice.
Loki liked it, yeah.
So I think we can all agree that the Silent Hill movie is pretty awesome.
And, of course, we love the series of games.
Love the series of games.
Well, guess what?
Maybe not so much the last few, but yeah.
Well, I didn't think they were terrible.
But anyway, obviously one of the best ones was the first one.
And guess what?
Since we're talking about remaking games for the Wii, a Wii make, if you will, there's been lots of these types of Wii makes coming out recently.
Now, most of them, granted, have just been old GameCube games getting new controls.
But what if they were to remake the original PlayStation Silent Hill game on the Nintendo Wii?
With extra fog?
Hopefully.
You know why they did the fog?
Why?
Because loading or something?
Well, anyway, this is coming from a report from VG247.
Apparently Konami is planning a port of the Silent Hill game for the Wii.
Also coming to the PSP as well, Climax.
The folks who did Silent Hill Origins are the ones that are supposed to be doing this new remake.
So that could be interesting.
You know, I'm surprised that Climax hasn't exactly optioned N-Space's engine that they use for the game that's not ever coming out, unfortunately, Winter.
Because remember, that game looked very much Silent Hill.
I wonder if they're using it, though.
You gotta wonder.
Maybe that's part of why they're doing this on the Wii, is maybe the folks at Konami saw this and was like, hey, we want you to make this a Silent Hill game, but we got a really good idea.
Why don't you redo the first story or something like that, you know?
Yeah.
Could be.
I really freaking want a good Silent Hill remake.
Here's the thing.
It could be a remake like a new Play Control remake.
Yoink, yoink, yoink.
Whatever, right?
But it could also be a remake like Metroid Zero, which is an awesome remake.
I hate to interrupt real quick, but I'm so glad that the monitor obstructed the camera's view of the gesture that you just made.
Why?
What'd I do?
The yank, yank, yank.
Oh, yeah.
That's why we have the big monitor here.
It sensors my hand when I do things like that.
So no one can see Rob fapping.
All right.
Look.
You know I have to derail it.
All right.
Silent Hill.
Yes.
I want it.
You know what other stuff we want?
Punch Out!
No, I just want a punch.
So, so getting this.
May 18th, we're getting Punch Out on the Wii.
And little Mac looks like he all done grown up.
He actually looks kind of mean in this picture.
So, um, we will be getting some, um, punch-out, and hopefully that we will get, like, King Hippo and, you know, Glass Joe and all of those.
I hope they make new characters, though.
I mean... I'm sure we're gonna get new characters.
I think they'll have to be some new characters.
I will bet you, I will bet you there are not new characters in this.
I bet you it's just the remake of the first game.
Really?
You think they'd be that bold?
I think they'd be that lazy.
Yes, I do think they'd be that lazy.
I hope not.
I'm sorry.
I have no optimism in Nintendo anymore.
Oh, snap.
GameGuru seems to kind of have that same skepticism, saying, I'll wait for reviews before getting Punch Out from our chatroom, chat.orange.radio.com.
I mean, don't get me wrong, it looks good, but... You know what I say to your skepticism?
Huh?
Fine, say that all you want, but it's going to happen the way I said it.
Tiger Claw making an interesting point in chat room regarding remakes and this whole discussion, kind of talking about Hollywood remakes.
Tiger Claw says, Have you heard that Hollywood wants to remake The NeverEnding Story?
Yes, I did hear that this week.
Jeez Louise, come up with a new idea.
No, exactly.
No, no, no, no, no.
You do not remake The NeverEnding Story.
I don't have a problem with them doing that because they weren't that great.
I mean, they were okay, but...
The first one is that great.
It remains epic to this day.
The second one had the guy who played the Flash as the dad.
That's always why I like that.
Because I kind of loved that show.
Even though it failed.
But I can do without a remake.
Come on.
If you can actually understand her name...
Say my name!
It won't make a point.
Say my name!
You never understand what the hell he's saying.
Anyway, forget it.
A couple more stories and we'll get to Part B. Classic Game of the Week coming up as well.
Maybe that's her name.
It's foreign.
What?
So this week, to coincide with the movie release, Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and PC will be getting the Watchmen The End is Nigh, the kind of prequels to the whole Watchmen storyline.
And it will be sold for a whopping $20.
Or 1600 Microsoft points on Xbox Live Arcade.
That sounds a bit expensive to me, but it's supposed to be pretty good.
It's kind of a brawler type game, but $20, really?
I'm going to wait.
This movie is also not getting some good early reviews, although there's lots of fanboys with big, big boners for Watchmen.
You know, I'm interested to see it, but I don't know.
I'd see it, but not opening day.
I'd kind of wait and see what some of my friends think about it before I go see it.
I mean, the story's interesting, but it's not like, oh my god, this is the best novel ever.
You know, this is the best graphic novel ever, ever.
Because if that's the best graphic novel that there ever was, thank god, graphic novels suck.
I mean, because seriously, that is where you're setting the bar?
I don't think so.
Alright, well we'll see.
Here's the interesting thing.
EA, apparently, it was their chief operating officer, John Pleasance, made a statement at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference.
Quote, when we look back five years, the fantasy of being a rock star by punching the buttons that are flowing down the screen is going to be one implementation in what is going to be a very large category.
There are lots of other things you can do with music, and we're working on interesting things.
And we know our competition is working on interesting things.
So what exactly are they working on?
However, he went on to say, we're not in any position to announce anything.
I think it's a robust category.
Over the coming years, there will hopefully be lots of things we will do in the music category.
So could EA be up to something?
Of course they're up to something.
Music games are, you know...
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Parasol Stars is in the series of Bubble Bobble, a direct sequel to Rainbow Islands, where you basically use your parasols to...
I never realized it was never an arcade game.
Hmm.
We got it from Working Designs, though, in the U.S., who was responsible for bringing us tons of different, you know, really awesome games from Japan.
Like, they gave us Rayearth, Silhouette Mirage.
Didn't they do Radiant Silvergun?
I don't remember.
No.
At any rate, it's, you know...
Oh yeah, another game that I'd covered on the show was Brain Fart.
Brain Fart the game?
But anyway, back to Parasol Stars.
So yeah, this is a Taito game, came out in 1991.
And you play as Bub and Bob, but you play as their human counterparts.
Which would be... The same characters from Rainbow Islands.
Yeah, the same from Rainbow Islands.
Bubby and Bobby.
Um...
What creative names.
Was this game only out on TurboGrafx?
Wasn't it out on Super Nintendo as well, I thought?
I could be wrong.
Well, we'll get to that.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
My bad.
So, basically, Parasol Stars, though, it was sort of retconned out of their continuity because Bub and Bob got turned back into little dragons for Bubble Symphony and all those.
Bubble Memories and Bubble Symphony.
Um...
and so Parasol Stars is considered a side story to the whole bubble world.
At any rate, like I said, you can get different items, you can also
You have to collect these star items as you go through that lets you access these other planets, because you're basically going through the levels and moving to other planets so that you can get all the stuff to save the world.
So you have ten rounds on each planet, and there's a boss in each one, except a level thirty.
and, wait, wrong, sorry.
But when you get the star items, you have access to two other planets, one that's around Bubble Bobble and one around another game called Chack'n Pop.
They're not available on the main screen, you actually have to get stuff to unlock it.
And then you have the final boss, who is the one who is responsible for stealing all the color from the world.
and, um, it's like the uber boss of everything, and so you get the true ending that way.
Um, so like I said, you gather the drops, you can throw them, and if you gather, like, uh, uh, five drops, then you can just do the smackdown with a big, kickass attack.
Um...
So, uh, also each of the drops has a different elemental theme, so that's pretty cool.
Um, but yeah, this, um, as far as I'm aware, I think this did, um, I think it came out on, um, the Amiga, if I remember correctly.
Um, the Atari ST, there's a Game Boy version.
The NES, I want to say.
and, of course, the TurboGrafx-16 or PC Engine.
But, yeah, I think this came out on the NES.
Which is probably its most notable version is the TurboGrafx-1.
Yes.
There you go.
Alright.
There you go!
Parasol Star is your classic game of the week if you're a fan of Bubble Bobble right in the same series, so check that out.
Alright, that's going to bring Part A of Orange Lounge Radio to a close tonight.
But stick around, we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, including some more news stories.
And for those of you on Justin.TV, it looks like we're going to do a little bit of a game look tonight.
What game are you looking at on Justin.TV tonight, Loki?
Eat Lead.
Eat Lead is going to be the game we're looking at on Justin.TV during the break tonight.
However, stay tuned, we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, March the 1st of 2009, here for our 315th episode of Orange Lounge Radio, which we've been looking at a game here in studio on Justin.TV, Eat Lead.
How's this game been going for you, Loki?
It's going okay.
Yeah?
I haven't been watching a lot of this on Justin.TV, but I was running in the house during the break, but... Yeah, I was trying to get to a save point real quick.
Dope.
Oh, did I just die?
I think you did, because you turned your back when something was going ahead.
He did the switchy move.
I haven't really been paying attention.
I'll pause it for later.
All right.
Maybe we'll look at it a little more after the show.
Actually, no, I'm not going to pause it.
I'm going to quit.
All right, then quit.
All right, we've got some news we're going to get back into here on Part B. We've got to wait for Loki to get set up here.
I don't know.
How do we kill time at this point?
Loki, I need you to be here to start reading news at the top of the show.
What am I going to do?
All right, we're resetting back up Justin.TV.
If you're joining us here on this Sunday night, Justin.TV slash Orange Launch Radio if you want to see us live taping the show.
And, of course, you can always join our chat room as well, chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Oh, thank you.
Bress Lowell is there in chat and is reminding me of something I wanted to mention at some point during the show tonight.
That is Orange Launch Radio USL March Madness is going on right now.
and some surprising votes going on right now in the Orange Lounge Radio USL March Madness.
If I remember right, last time I looked, Mega Man 2 is beating Ocarina of Time, which is certainly a controversial little matchup going on right now.
But what's interesting is that there will be three Zelda games in the top eight if...
The voting does go in Zelda Ocarina of Time's favor because I think right now The Legend of Zelda and Link to the Past are both ahead as well.
So could be very interesting how that all plays out.
So again, if you want to participate in that, you can go to our forums.
By the time most of you guys hear this on the podcast, it'll already be down to eight.
But if you're listening live on this Sunday evening, they're at the Sweet 16 right now.
So check that out.
All right.
Almost done, Loki?
Alright, he's just plugging the computer back in, getting ready to do the encoding for JustDV.
I could read an email.
You want to do an email real fast?
Sure, why not?
Do a preliminary mailbag?
Yes, because then that means there'll be less to read later.
Alright, sure, well let's start off with an email.
I don't have the music though, so just read an email.
I have to read this because it's super amusing.
This is an email from Sauce.
Alrighty.
Hey, OLR!
I know you guys are fans of laughing at stupid people, so I thought I would share a sad but true story with you.
To make it video game related, imagine Super Mario Bros.
music playing in the background.
I might be able to arrange that, actually.
Okay.
I'm sorry, this actually is so funny that I do want to read it right away.
Okay.
Okay.
On Friday afternoon, I was at UNLV heading to my graphic design class.
From the second floor of the building, this hallway is open air.
You can see the major street in front of the university.
As I was heading into class, I witnessed a car accident.
An old, smaller-sized pickup truck rear-ended an orange new Beetle.
It was a very loud sound, so many of my classmates came out of the computer lab to see what had happened.
As we watched, the Beetle pulled into the parking lot in front of our building.
The pickup truck sat there for about a minute without pulling out of the street, and then, once the Beetle's owner had gotten out of his car, the truck made a U-turn and sped off down the street.
We were obviously quite appalled by this, but what could be done?
We realized that none of us had gotten the guy's license plate, and then one of my classmates shouted down to the beetle driver, Look!
And pointed to the street.
Cue the game over music.
Because in the middle of the street, where the accident had occurred, lay the front bumper of the truck with the license plate still attached.
The beetle owner called the police, and a few of us gave a statement to the police officer about the accident.
We don't know...
We don't know why the guy in the truck took off.
Maybe he didn't have insurance or maybe he had outstanding tickets.
But I'm pretty sure the moral of the story is that if you're going to turn a car accident that you're responsible for into a felony hit and run, you might want to make sure that you don't leave any incriminating evidence behind like your bumper and your license plate.
I just wish I could have seen the look on the truck driver's face when he got home and realized he had left his license plate behind.
Cheers, Warren.
XBOX LIVE NAMES
Profiles, etc.
Richard Gaywood or something like that which was his actual name and he ended up getting banned as well because Gay was in the name.
Well now we have a self-identified lesbian being banned from Xbox Live because in her I guess profile it said that she was a lesbian and so apparently that rubbed someone the wrong way so she got banned and
Now, of course, people are kind of up in arms about the whole thing, and apparently Microsoft's Steven Toulouse, an Xbox Live team member, has made a post on his personal blog regarding the situation, and they're hopefully going to explore some policy changes.
And also, I guess, GLAAD is weighed in on the story as well, so...
Well, I'll link it in the chatroom.
I blogged about this actually yesterday.
I have choice things to say about the way this was handled.
And I think inelegant does not even remotely touch what a crying shame it was.
I won't say more than that.
Basically, the whole situation was, as Microsoft noted in a statement, they said that users may not create a gamertag or use text in any profile field that includes comments that look, sound like, stand for, hint at, abbreviate, or insinuate content of a potentially sexual nature.
Profiles that do are asked to change the language and are suspended until changes are made.
And it says, I guess...
The company also states it does not allow gamer tags or profiles to identify any form of sexual orientation.
Which is funny because there's nothing about that in their terms of usage nor their code of conduct.
Nothing.
I read the entire both of them.
There is not a single thing in the terms of usage or in the code of conduct on Xbox.com.
Nothing.
Zero.
Zilch.
I don't know.
You'd think I'd have a stronger opinion on this, you know, being the gay one on the show.
But I don't know.
I kind of feel it might be one of those unfortunate things.
There's a lot of these things on blog posts that, you know, kind of take it and run, tend to be.
I kind of feel like it might be one of those things that's being blown horrifically out of proportion, like there just might be something else going on.
I don't know.
For all we know, we don't know.
For all we know, she could have been doing other questionable stuff on Xbox Live.
We don't know.
I've seen people on Xbox Live do this.
I've seen just, you know, blatant harassment going on.
And, you know, people are like that, you know, outside of the virtual environment.
Oh, don't get me wrong.
That's totally inexcusable and should definitely be dealt with.
But there's no reason why someone shouldn't be able to, I mean, and I personally agree that, you know, it shouldn't matter in the end.
But, you know, if she's...
Proud of it, why not have something in her?
You know, what it said on the terms of usage on Xbox Live was, and this is item number five, how you may not use the service.
Create a gamertag avatar or use text in other profile fields that may offend other members.
That's what it said.
So basically, it can be summarized as the Xbox Live powers that be saying, Oh, being gay is offensive.
Because they're all offended that you're a lesbian.
That's pretty much how it came out as.
I wonder if any of those people that were harassing her were ever dealt with.
If they were ever punished.
Now see, what's interesting is that in Microsoft's response to this whole thing, they say, as stated in the Xbox Live Terms of Use, a member may not create a gamertag or use text in other profile fields that include comments that look, sound like, stand for, hint at, abbreviate, or insinuate content of a potentially sexual nature.
Profiles that do are asked to change the language and suspended until changes are made.
In regard to sexual orientation, for gamertags or profiles, we do not allow expression of any type of orientation, be it hetero or other.
That is not in...
Create a gamertag avatar or use text in the profile fields that may offend other members.
Create a gamertag avatar or use text in the profile fields that may offend other members.
DarkSakura.com
Just because if you put on there lesbian, it's not the same as exactly saying I like to fuck chicks.
Because there were people up there who fully had really sexist comments in their profiles.
I've seen them before.
But, you know...
Nothing about orientation yet.
These were all, you know, pretty offensive things.
You know, what happened to them?
Why aren't they banned?
You know, I don't think that listing your orientation exactly relates to the act of fucking.
Now, if she said in there, I'm a lesbian and I like, you know, big strap-ons, then I understand.
Just put I heart scissoring.
Well, you're...
I like cutting paper with scissors, therefore it's scissoring.
I heart scissoring.
DarkSakura.com
for the matter of argument?
I don't know.
But do you see what I mean?
They did not have anything.
You know, he said in his comment, including, you know, orientation, you know, listening to that, but nowhere in the terms of usage.
That is a blatant lie.
He has lied to the public through MTV News and it is in print on not just my own blog but on plenty of news sites now where he is a goddamn liar.
But I don't know.
I mean, still, it's not like they are talking to GLAAD about the whole thing and the Human Rights or whatever they're called, the Human Rights Campaign, HRC, and all this stuff.
It just seems like if they were that...
You know, against all this or something, they wouldn't even be having that dialogue.
You know, in a way, I'm kind of glad that they're not star, star, starring it out like Sony does in Home.
What it is, is basically they have a list of banned words that they are considering offensive.
And yeah, they have to unfortunately cover everything, including homo and all that stuff.
And that's why they have the gay in there as well, because people use it in derogatory fashion.
And lesbian is in there as well, and that's unfortunate that it's on this blacklist, but that's what it is.
And because this person had it in their profile, that's why their account was banned.
It's just like the guy Richard Gaywood or whatever.
His name is Gaywood.
That's his name.
Hers wasn't a random banning.
Hers was banned when she reported the harassment of other people against her and they said, oh, well it's because of your profile, ban.
They banned her because other people were offended.
Yeah, I'd agree that's pretty messed up.
They need to ban other, you know, it's just rampant on Xbox Live and some of those games, you know, fag, fag, fag, fag, fag, in some of those Halo matches.
They don't want me as a moderator.
No.
You know why they don't want me as a moderator.
I will fuck their shit up.
Seriously.
Well, they say, and you know, I've even seen people, you know, they follow on Twitter, they're like, seriously, when you see that stuff, you know, the fag, fag, fag, report it.
They will do something about it.
So, I don't know.
I do.
When people annoy me on there, I report it.
I'm a tattle.
Basically what was happening though is if all these people are following her from area to area while she's trying to play a game and just do her own thing.
That's harassment.
That's blatant harassment.
Why haven't those people been banned?
I mean, I think that if you go after someone with malicious intent.
Well, here's the question.
Do we know that they haven't?
Get off my internet.
DarkSakura.com
Um, yeah.
I don't know.
I'm kind of curious to see what ultimately becomes of this.
I still feel like it's kind of early on.
I think we'll see more kind of come out of this next week.
And I think we're going to end up revisiting this topic next week.
But in the meantime, if you have your own thoughts on it, you can give us a call later in the show.
Or you can always send us an email, of course.
DarkSakura loves emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Well, on Xbox Live, for those of you that haven't gotten banned from your profiles yet, there are some things to look forward to in the future.
Worms Armageddon Decades is coming out for Xbox Live Arcade.
This is apparently an old game, about 10 years old, that's come out previously.
What was this on before?
The Nintendo 64, I think, and the PlayStation and PC?
They're remaking this for Xbox Live Arcade, which isn't too surprising when you consider that the original Worms
Worms Armageddon Death Tanks Death Tanks
I don't know if it's any good, but I love Scorched Earth.
Who doesn't love Scorched Earth?
That game is awesome.
Because it's hot.
Talking about the game, silly pants.
My pants aren't silly, they're denim.
Moving on.
Back to the Xbox Live Arcade, even though they're bastards in charge.
I'm getting, and this is me specifically getting this.
This is for me.
At least in my own private universe, this is for me.
One of my favorite ever games is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade, according to Famitsu.
Do we know what that is?
I'll give you a clue.
It involved twin sticks.
I have twin sticks for this game, by the way, Rob.
Did you know that?
Somehow I'm not surprised.
Virtual On!
Oratario Tangram is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I can't use my twin sticks!
I actually have the Dreamcast twin sticks.
You can, but you'd have to modify them.
No.
I'll just make a converter.
But yeah, it's going to be on there for 1,200 points.
And oh my god, I love this game!
Did Michael Jackson have one of these?
Huh?
Did Michael Jackson have one of these for sale?
I don't know, I didn't look
Honestly though, there's only one more game really other than this that I would want to have a deluxe cab of.
But you probably can't guess what it is.
Planet Harrier.
But anyway, it's robot on robot action.
Ooh, kinky, but seriously.
It's just beat them up and get to the end of the game.
And I actually have, Dan and I have two clocks.
that Sega released.
I have one of the Feiyan and then we've got one of the last boss.
The annoying bitch that he is.
Get the game!
Well, there's another game that you won't have to actually pay for that will be coming to... Well, actually, you may have to pay for this one.
Quake 3 Arena for Xbox Live Arcade is close to being finished.
And apparently this was first spotted as an ESRB leak.
Actually, I do remember the leak.
I think this was around E3 even, last year.
And...
Apparently it's looking pretty good.
And that kind of makes sense with some of the other Quake-themed stuff that was coming soon.
Neat.
Speaking of Quake, I tried to get into Quake Live this week, and I see people talking about that in chat right now.
Actually, it looks like HitStun's looking for people to play Quake Live with, but I could not get past that queue.
Because, you know, the day it was announced, thousands of people in the queue because everybody was probably getting thrown to it from different blog sites.
But, you know, I went back earlier today to try to check it out, and the queue was only 35 people, which, sadly, I didn't have time to wait again because I had to do this show tonight.
But I'm going to try and check it out a little later on tonight.
But in looking at the demo videos and stuff, it looks kind of awesome.
So I'm very curious to see if it plays as well as it's advertised.
It should limit everybody to one life, and then that way the queue will go faster.
Maybe, I don't know.
No, I mean, you know it's going to get hammered the first day, but it looks like it's eased up quite a bit, because the queue was only 35.
That wouldn't have been that bad.
I've seen WoW queues that were worse than that.
But yeah, I guess right now, right this second, there's no queue, so some of our listeners might be off to play that.
But I will probably check that out a little later tonight.
So, we'll see.
And I would definitely check out Quake 3 Arena when it hits Xbox Live.
That was one of my favorite Quake games was the third one.
There's a lot of games like that that are coming out.
There's also that other...
God, I don't remember the name of it now, but it was the one that they had with the Aegea physics processor at one time.
That game, whatever.
It's some psychic war game that's going to be coming out.
And then I think there's another game very similar to that as well that's supposed to be on its way.
So a lot of those arena, Unreal type of tournament stuff coming out for Live Arcade.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think they made their way to the Wii eventually with the Strong Bad games.
Season 1 did.
Yeah.
But finally they're going to be making their way to Xbox Live Arcade and this is where people will actually be able to download a demo because demos are mandatory on the Xbox Live games.
I think you'll probably finally see these games start to get a lot more of the attention it deserves, at least from the console people.
I mean, I know a lot of PC gamers have already found their way to it.
But this is going to open it up to a whole new audience.
So this is good news and kind of expected in a way.
You kind of figured this was going to happen eventually.
So...
There you go.
Sam and Max coming soon to Xbox Live Arcade.
Well, I have some interesting news.
Oh, really?
Has to do with the ESRB.
More leaks?
Yep.
Classic rock track for Rock Band.
Isn't that kind of cool?
It's supposed to be getting a teen rating and it's actually on there for violent swearing and drug use.
So...
I think it's just that song pack that they're going to put out of all previously released.
They're saying The Joker, Take the Money and Run, and Holiday in Cambodia by the Dead Kennedys.
Oh yeah, that's already there.
Yeah, it sounds like it's going to be like the rock band track pack one or whatever that is.
Those were examples that were given about pretty much kind of the same thing to expect.
Gotcha.
Too bad they don't have independent achievements.
That would make it a lot more worthwhile.
You know, I wonder if that ACDC Rock Band game has really fallen in price yet.
I'll get it when it's in the bargain bin, but I don't want to pay like... It's all live tracks, too.
It's kind of like...
I'll check it out just for, you know, because I'm an achievement whore.
And the fact that, you know, I don't mind increasing my rock band library.
There's a couple good ACDC songs.
But, you know, I'm not going to get it until it's in the $5 bin, which you know it will be in Walmart eventually.
And when it's in the $5 bin, you buy it, you dump the songs to your hard drive, and then you sell that shit back.
There you go.
There you go.
Now you're talking.
That's how we do it.
This is how we roll.
and we'll be coming to the Wii on April 24th as well and of course these will be available in their bundles I believe or actually maybe just game only right now and then there's also going to be the standalone stuff as well and then I guess they are doing a bundle with the instrument edition which will include the drums, guitar, and microphone
I just want to say Unfolded Raptor in chat following up with the Rock Band thing we were talking about just a minute ago.
I saw the ACDC at Walmart for $20 in the bargain bin, Rob.
Some bargain.
Yeah, I agree.
That's not that much down from the original asking price, right?
Yeah, yeah.
But speaking of bargains, HitStun reminds us that Lost Planet on the PC is $5 this weekend on Steam.
And that was a deal I was thinking about checking out, but then again, I never really cared for the demo.
It's just not my kind of game.
I understand why people like Lost Planet, but it's not my kind of thing.
I'm thinking about going back and playing Dead Rising again.
Oh yeah, Dead Rising is fun.
I wish they had multiplayer.
I hope they do that in the second one.
That would be much fun.
They will, I'm sure.
They've got to.
Alright, so hooray for the UK finally getting Rock Band.
Well, in other Rock Band news, obviously there's a lot of PlayStation news this week at Destination PlayStation.
This sounds pretty awesome.
Rock Band Unplugged is a game that's going to be coming out for the PSP.
It's a rock band on a portable console.
Very interesting when you consider where did Guitar Hero go?
The DS, but now you have Rock Band coming out on the PSP.
But guess what?
There's not going to be any type of guitar attachment or drum attachment or anything like that.
No, apparently a website named Primo Tech apparently has some details about what the gameplay could be like.
Take this with a grain of salt.
Some of this sounds a little bit like Fanboy Wang to me, but this could be the real deal.
I think it's the stuff from Destination PlayStation, probably.
Well, also, kind of thinking back a couple weeks ago when they were... Well, let me get to that in a minute.
Here's some of the possible gameplay details from this.
Apparently, you're going to be using the left, up, triangle, and circle buttons to control instruments.
And you also will go from instrument to instrument with the shoulder buttons.
And then what you do, you play a segment of a certain instrument to get the score or the multiplier going, and then you switch to a different instrument.
Hmm.
What game am I describing?
Frequency and Amplitude, anybody?
And remember a couple weeks ago, there was that guy who made the statement about, oh, we'd love to revisit Frequency or Amplitude someday when the opportunity presents itself.
If you kind of, you know, tie that in with this, this definitely seems like a possibility and a pretty good idea for a game.
And one I would definitely pick up.
This is like Frequency and Amplitude and that stuff.
I'm all over this game.
All over it.
So, hooray to that.
And I know a lot of music game fans are very happy about that.
Are you a big music game fan in frequency and amplitude, DarkSakura?
They're alright.
Does it sound like something you might play?
Maybe.
Maybe?
Again, songs are everything.
You know, that's...
Guitar Hero DS Guitar Hero DS Guitar Hero DS
How do we take the Guitar Hero game on the 360 and on the Nintendo Wii and smoosh it down into a DS?
Where this is, okay, how do we build a game in the rock band genre on this platform knowing that these are our restrictions?
Go.
I think that they're taking a completely different approach to it I think will help them create the better game.
But we'll see.
We shall soon see.
Well, how about more stuff?
More stuff, my favorite.
for iPhone people there are actually two titles that are out by Taito and though they're not Bubble Wobble the first is Cooking Mama where you can use the accelerometer and play your game it's for $6.99 or 5 pounds, 5.5 euro there's also Space Invaders where it's tilt and you can drag and you can use touch screen and there's like bonus character art and stuff and it's like 5 bucks so cool
I'm getting a little sick of all the let's take our existing things and push them down into the iPhone.
Good point from Actdeft in chat.
It's not Space Invaders Extreme.
I'm a little worn out on the old school Space Invaders.
If it was Space Invaders Extreme with the awesome soundtrack, which the iPhone would be a good platform for, I would be all over that.
But it doesn't sound like it.
Prince of Persia, the epilogue download content was supposed to have been out already, but it's been delayed to March 5th.
Not that long of a wait, though.
The price has been announced at $10.
And, of course, this game will pick up from the end of the game and hopefully make up, I guess, for what was apparently a crappy ending.
I don't know.
I never really played to the end of Prince of Persia.
Yeah, I didn't get to the end either.
Didn't really play Prince of Persia, but...
Thanks for watching!
I don't know.
Well, I'm one of those weird people that has a Netflix account and I hardly ever use it, so it's like just a vacuum sucking my money away because I never watch the movies that they send me.
But one thing I do love about Netflix is the streaming Netflix.
One thing I like about the streaming versus the DVDs or Blu-ray through the mail is that you don't have to wait for streaming.
If you want to watch something, you can watch it right now.
You don't have to wait for a disc to be delivered to you.
So I love the Xbox 360 streaming, and I'm loving some of these rumors I'm hearing this week.
Apparently, Netflix is plagiarizing
planning on a streaming-only subscription in the foreseeable future.
This comes from a report from Reuters, which is, you know, one of the massive news reporting agencies along with Associated Press.
So, yeah, this sounds like it's coming in the future.
No word if they're going to expand the amount that's offered on the streaming subscription because, sadly, there isn't a lot available right now.
I mean, there's some good, like, NBC TV shows and, you know, there's some
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Outro Outro
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura's gonna pick out a few of her favorite emails and read them for you right now!
Dan was very popular on the show.
I saw some twits about it too and all that.
Janai from Las Vegas, actually.
Oh god, stupid thing.
Sorry, my plug keeps falling on my laptop.
I would like to say episode 312 was hilarious.
Dan and Loki's commentary made me fall out of my seat laughing while at work.
Dan needs to be on the show more often.
He's got a great radio voice too.
I love the new OLR website layout.
It has a nice citrus look to it.
Peace slot machines and sugar cookies.
Janai.
You know I had an offer to go to Vegas in June, and you know I can't go because it's the same week as E3.
Damn it.
I really want to go back to Vegas, though.
I will make that happen this year.
Well, there's just some really, really long emails.
The next one comes up from Acidic Vampire.
Hello there, OLR.
This is Paul, a.k.a.
a sick vampire, with my virginal email to you guys.
I just wanted to let you guys know that I'm a fairly new listener, been listening since August of last year, and that I enjoy the show immensely.
The chemistry between all three hosts, the terrific news, and Loki's disdain for every Imagine game released each week has sold me as an avid listener.
Imagine hate.
Now that my saccharine praise is out of the way, I do have a valid question.
I've only heard Sky mention that he's played this game before, but if DarkSakura or Loki has played this as well, I wouldn't mind their input.
After years of being released, I am finally going to attempt to play Final Fantasy XI.
For some odd reason, I've been reading about it lately, and I've always put it aside as being one of those games I just had to play.
I'm a huge Final Fantasy fan, Final Fantasy VI for the win, and I've...
But I said cast Final Fantasy XI aside because it was online and required a monthly fee to play.
Well, I bought the Venatio collection recently for about $20, which includes all four expansion packs, and I'm ready to get my feet wet and get my farraga on.
This will be my first MMORPG, which I fear will exile me from other players on the servers because of my inexperience, which leads to this question.
What tips can you give a noob MMORPG player like me?
I like to play a TaruTaru Black Mage because they're so damn cute, but I know it'll take forever to level them up.
I also like to interact with other players, but I don't want them exciting me just because I'm new to the game.
They've been playing the game for five plus years.
Any input you have, I'm sorry, any input you or even the chat room can give me would be greatly appreciated.
Thanks for your time, and here's to another 300 shows.
Gay gamers unite.
I'll leave that to you.
I played, but I didn't like it.
Yeah, turn around and run while you still can.
Do not allow yourself to get sucked into this game.
Now, you know what?
I've heard a lot's changed since the time I left.
You know what?
Loki, actually, Loki did spend just as long as I did in the clutches of Vanadil, if not a little longer.
I don't know, Loki.
What was your thoughts?
I liked it.
It was fun.
It sucked waiting for parties.
Now that they fixed having to party with people, I think that would be a lot more fun now.
That was kind of the thing that broke it for me.
Well, other than I didn't have time to play.
It's just waiting for a party.
You're like, okay, I have two hours to play this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
3-4 months after I left, they finally started banning people for it and they're pretty aggressive about it.
Now granted, you'll never eliminate it, but I'm sure that's helped the economy tremendously in that game because the guild sellers were ruining the game.
But it's just unfortunate that Square let it go on so long.
They lost some people like me because they just weren't more aggressive with it.
I don't know.
I feel like I can't give the game a fair review, but dude, you already bought the pack.
It comes with a free month of the game.
Go install it.
Have a blast.
I'm almost curious to see how it would run on my PC now.
Yeah, I know.
I bet it would look nice.
But I don't know.
You know, one thing I prefer.
I'll tell you something.
To be fair, I'll tell you something I prefer on Final Fantasy XI compared to WoW.
I like exploring in Final Fantasy XI a lot more.
And it's weird because the graphics aren't necessarily better.
They're just a different type.
But, like, when you go into a new world in Final Fantasy XI, like a place you've never been before, it's like, oh, wow.
It's scary.
DarkSakura,
Final Fantasy XI, you really get a sense of exploration in that game.
The world is so vast in that game.
It's not that WoW doesn't have its own neat levels and areas and things like that, but I don't know.
There's something about Final Fantasy XI where I feel more sense of an accomplishment when it comes to exploring.
WoW takes itself more seriously, I think.
Final Fantasy XI takes itself more seriously than WoW.
Hitstun asked in chat, so what happened to make WoW suck now?
Actually, WoW doesn't suck.
I don't have a problem with WoW at all, but I just had to quit because I was spending too much time on it.
Or take a vacation.
I don't want to say I quit because that makes it sound like I'm never going to go back.
That's not the case.
I'm actually probably going to go back pretty soon.
But I just needed a break to do other things.
So, hooray.
Alright, next email then.
Next email.
Hey, LLR, I have a request for the new GameStop hate board.
They don't sell classic games or system anymore.
I was too young when they did, and I got into classic gaming.
They send them off to the warehouse to gather dust.
So F you to GameStop for lack of classic video games.
How dare they call themselves a game store?
That's from Cheeseburger.
Good suggestion.
Unfortunately, the whiteboard's down for repairs right now, but we will definitely add that when it comes back.
Okay.
Alright, one from Spacinator, and then I'm going to read the long, long one after that.
Hi folks, I'm writing in today with a few questions and comments.
Firstly, although perhaps it's not a big deal, but I'll address it anyway.
I'd like to apologize for the mess of an email that I sent last week with the poor grammar and spelling.
Don't worry about it, I'm giving a hard time.
Normally I take the time to make sure everything's correct, but considering that I was typing in a hurry and the fact that PlayOnline has no spellcheck, and the fact that my glucose levels were out of whack at the time, side note, I'm diabetic and abnormal glucose levels cause me to get confused, that all ended up being a factor in the issue.
I... I...
I give everybody a hard time, it's not serious
She's an equal opportunity offender.
Oh, bite me.
Now that issue's out of the way, here's a few questions.
One, can you recall any events in your lives or wow moments that basically you had you think to yourself something along the lines of yes, video games is a hobby that I want to get into.
For me, it's the first time I've set foot into a showbiz pizza place formerly a competitor of Chuck E. Cheese's.
They're actually owned by Pizza Time Entertainment that was started by...
Fuck.
I don't think it was started by Fuck.
Nolan Bushnell.
I sort of let you suffer a little bit before I helped you.
It was going to my friend's house.
No shit, because I was little and into games.
I was born playing video games practically.
I just played a lot of Odyssey 2 when I was little little and I never thought about wow I'd like to do this as a hobby it just sort of happened you know I was a little kid you know when all of this was new and interesting but it was just more like
Hey, look, Mom brought home a ColecoVision.
That's cool.
Oh, I'm going to go play Kix during break at school.
It just didn't factor in as a wow.
It was just a part of my life, always.
So, not a big deal.
Rob?
I'm sorry, what are we answering?
What was your, wow, I really like video games, you know, what got you into video games pretty much?
Oh, God.
I'm almost in the same boat.
Like, I just remember the day we hooked up the Atari 2600 and just the fact that I was interacting with it.
Or, no, it really was the Commodore 64, I think, that really got me into games.
And just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was kind of an only child, not really.
But one reason I played video games is because I didn't have other kids to set up and play board games with or go out and play on the lawn with.
I mean, granted, I had neighborhood friends and stuff, but they don't want to hang out every day.
So video games were a way to pass time.
It would entertain me.
There weren't always a lot of other people around, if that makes sense.
Loki, anything for you?
Why are you into video games?
I don't know, because I always played video games.
I know, it's tough.
I don't want to say it's just a tough question.
It's just having video games from when I was four or five.
That pretty much, I'll do it.
You look at the stuff that you did when you were a little kid and you end up looking at it now and you're doing the same stuff.
I liked tinkering with things and playing video games and messing around on a computer.
And sure enough, I'm doing the same damn stuff now.
We were just all born with a controller in our hand, apparently.
So there you have it.
Driver 3
Driver 3 is the best worst game ever.
It's just so bad.
In fact, I was talking with my sister yesterday about that.
She's like, I gotta go back and play Driver 3 again.
She'd basically just play the game, drive around, do stupid shit, and then watch the replay.
Because the best part about it, the game was so glitchy anyways that the replays were funny, but sometimes the replays would even glitch out even more, so your character would do really crazy stuff.
Driver 3, absolutely a horrible game that's funny to play.
That don't shit your pants game was pretty bad, but funny.
Pagel on Xbox Live Arcade
but right now it's all about Bejeweled Blitz on Facebook but nobody else I have the shitty team score because nobody else plays every week like me but I try to get a new score every week so if you do play you should add me on Facebook because I need a higher team score so there you go
Well, the third part of this email?
Yep.
In your opinion, what are the odds of Square Enix re-releasing Final Fantasy XI for one or more of the current gen systems?
I know they're really big on re-releasing the other Final Fantasy games, so are they re-releasing Final Fantasy VII?
So re-releasing Final Fantasy VII should be a no-brainer.
Although not everyone may agree on this, Final Fantasy VII is possibly the most popular... I think he meant...
re-releasing Final Fantasy 7.
I was going to say, 11's already on 360.
Final Fantasy 7 is probably the most popular and memorable game of the series, so re-releasing that game would seem like a virtual license to print a shit ton of money.
Who wouldn't want free money, you know?
Well, thanks for reading and answering this email.
Sorry it's so long.
They should.
I'd play it.
I'm kind of torn.
Yes, they should, but I'd rather they just freaking finish Final Fantasy XIII.
I'm also interested in some of the new directions that Final Fantasy is going.
I wish they would have released Final Fantasy XII on the PlayStation 3 and not the PS2, because I never finished it on PS2.
And I think if it had been on the newer consoles, I would have probably spent more time with it.
I know that seems so silly, but it's what it is.
There you go.
I don't know.
Loki, you think they ought to re-release VII?
No.
No, it's a classic the way it is.
I think they do need to just put it out on the download thing already on PlayStation Network.
That I think they need to do.
Just wait until XIII comes out.
They may do that.
Yeah, I could see that.
But then again, why wouldn't you at least do it a couple months in advance so people can play through Final Fantasy VII before XIII comes out?
GameGuru says this in chat, hopefully if not a remake, they put it on PSN or Steam.
Kind of the same thing I'm thinking of.
The Last Remnant, of course, we heard is coming to Steam, which implies the whole Square partnership with Steam now.
Hopefully they will release some of the old PC classics on Steam, but we'll see.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
There's also that good old games distribution.
Didn't Eidos put them out?
Didn't Eidos do the ports for PC?
I don't remember.
I could be wrong.
I didn't play them.
I just... Slightly better graphics.
I don't know.
Last email?
This one's long.
Dear Rob, Jamie, and Matt, I've been a long-time listener of your show and count it among my favorites.
In fact, when you do miss a show infrequently as it is, it leaves me feeling out of place.
It's as if I've gone to work wearing just one sock.
Your unique mixture of news commentary and charm are an important part of my week.
This is my first letter to you, so I thought I'd start out by thanking you all...
Thank you for all you've provided during the years.
As an older gamer like yourselves, I'm not older.
Okay, I'm kidding.
Maybe a little.
I understand the difficulty in trying to balance work, family, and the passion we feel for our hobby.
Add a weekly show with pre- and post-production on top of that, and I'm amazed you've been at it for as long as you have.
Anyway, enough of me gushing.
So are we.
But no, thank you.
That means a lot.
Recently, I came across a comment made by John Kohler, head of Sony PSP Hardware Marketing in North America, which suggested that the majority of Nintendo DSes are purchased by or for 12-year-olds.
Obviously, this was meant to insult the DS handheld fanbase.
But that aside, how much of the statement is true?
I've searched the web for data on Nintendo demographics as they break down by age group and have a hard time finding any recent results.
Most comments are anecdotal with an equal number of people saying they see more PSPs to DSs
among their above 12 age group as exist folks insisting there are more DSs in their circle.
The closest I came to anything was an article on GayGamer.net from 2007 reporting that, according to the MPD,
Nintendo had increased their sales figure among women by 42% 127% among people who age 30 and older and 212% among people 35 and older I don't know if that's just for the month of April or if it was since the last study had been made I know maybe this really isn't that big of a deal but I'm curious to know if these assertions have any factual base Kohler's claim just doesn't seem right to me
I completely disagree with Kohler.
I see more people who have DSs than they do PSPs.
Now I'm seeing more guys in their early 20s who have PSPs.
That I will say.
But you get it 25 and up.
And you get kids and all kinds of... I think more people and more families have a DS.
That's how I see it.
My brother and sister-in-law, Dan's brother and sister, they each have their own DS.
Now they're little, but then again, my...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Dan and I each have our own DS, but we have one PSP.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But the PSP does not have a lot for that same casual, I don't eat, live, sleep, breathe games, but I like to enjoy a game once in a while market.
There's not a lot of great puzzlers, casual games outside of Luminous.
The movie thing didn't work out so well.
So unless you have somebody that really wants that all-in-one system, and I don't know, if you held up, like if I were a parent,
There's more.
Me.
I should add that I am a DS owner over 12.
I do not own a PSP currently, but would eagerly buy one should any of the rumors regarding the PSP2 second analog stick be realized.
I own both a 360 and a PS3 and enjoy them equally.
In an ideal world, all three companies will do well and continue to provide quality entertainment for the gaming public.
So what do you think?
Is his comment just so much as claptrap, or is he right?
And must all adult DS owners hang their heads in shame for being attached to a kiddie system?
I obviously say that in jest.
As long as the games are fun, what does it really matter?
How much fun can we have even with a speak-and-spell bottle of vodka and grown-up vocabulary?
Hey, I'm not going to say I ain't done yet.
F-U-C...
In closing, I want to add that I like the new site design.
It's been a long time coming, but it looks sweet and seems to load faster than the old one.
Yay, Deakman!
Nice decision to keep the orange background too.
If I have a complaint, it's that the episodes on iTunes seem to be a week or two off.
Last week's episode was from February 8th.
Does that mean that this week's show will be available March 16th or later?
No, it's getting caught up now.
I was having some problems because now when I do a podcast, I have to do it in two different places as opposed to before.
So it was just confusing me a little bit, but I'm good now.
I got another one up today, and another one is edited and ready to go, and then we'll be all caught up.
So I'm excited.
I know I keep saying we're all going to get caught up, but then the new site kind of threw that all out of whack.
But it's a good thing.
I mean, overall, it's a great thing.
And we're getting back on track.
We'll keep up the good work.
In the meantime, a loyal listener, Raymond.
P.S.
I, too, quit WoW after two years.
One level 80, two level 70s.
I don't regret the time I spent there, but the opportunities are now open to me to experience all different kinds of gaming from Dragon Quest V to Flower to Gears of War 2.
It was liberating and daunting.
That's an interesting combination.
So many new games, so many old games to catch up on, and only so many hours available in the day.
I'm still open to MMOs, though.
Maybe one of the superhero games or the Star Wars one will entice me back.
It all depends on the community.
Play Star Trek with us!
You know, that closing statement is pretty much essentially one of the big reasons why I quit WoW, right there.
It's now allowed me to play other games.
You know what I mean?
Same type of deal, dude.
I probably would never have played Flower or some of these other games I've been playing if I had a raid to do tonight.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I just don't want to be tied to an MMO the way I'd be tied to, like, my job.
If you want to send an email, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to do it.
We're going to take your calls in just a little bit, but first we have a few more quick stories for you guys, and then we'll get to the Skype line and get towards closing out our show for tonight.
So, Loki.
There is some new download content for a rather old Command & Conquer game.
Command & Conquer Generals is getting a brand new download pack.
I guess it's Black Sheep, The Lost Mission.
It's interesting that this game is from 2003 and they're doing some download content for it now.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and you're supposed to crop dust a town that's been corrupted beyond salvation.
Huh.
Diablo 2 Diablo 3 Diablo 4 Diablo 5
I used to have it a long long time ago but I can't find the CD which sucks because if I could then I could enter in that code on Blizzard's website or whatever now and just download it I think.
Final Fantasy Final Fantasy Final Fantasy
Thanks for watching!
The defendants altogether issued a joint statement saying that they regret that they have sold these copies to consumers and they would have never imported the stuff in the first place if they knew that Squeenix would respond so aggressively to stop them.
They will never make this mistake again.
Sorry.
I bet you anything this Final Fantasy XIII poster we have in studio, you can probably barely see it on JustinTV, but right there where I'm pointing, it's behind the new penguins thing, that poster is a Final Fantasy XIII poster and I bet you anything
It's a bootleg.
Of course it's a bootleg.
It's probably from one of these companies that just got the $600,000 judgment.
I like what Dark Tatsuya says in chat.
$600,000 judgment sounds like a game.
Might be like a new limit break in Final Fantasy XIII, who knows.
So if you are counterfeiting Final Fantasy products and selling them for your own profit, you might want to stop before you get the next SmackDown.
So I don't know, DarkSakura, are you forging any Final Fantasy goods?
No.
Alright, well then you have nothing to worry about.
But how about another story?
Well, I could do that.
Xbox Live Arcade Awards.
So basically you can vote and voting stops on Tuesday, March 10th.
The voting starts on March 3rd, so you've got that window to cast your vote for what you like best.
So we've got here's your, I guess, sort of virtual sample ballot.
Best overall arcade game is Braid, Castle Crashers, Geometry Wars Retro Evolved 2, Street Fighter 2 HD Remix, or Portal Still Alive.
Best original game would be Castle Crashers and Plus, is that it?
Braid, Penny Arcade Episode 1, Schizoid, Age of Booty.
Best Family Game, Boogie Bunnies, Rugu, A Kingdom for Calflings, Lost Cities, and Medias Wars.
Best Co-op, Multiplayer, Castle Crashers, Schizoid Bionic Commando Rearmed, and Plus, Geometry Wars Retro Evolved 2.
Best Competitive, Street Fighter 2 HD Remix, Geometry Wars, Soul Calibur, Medias Wars, Age of Booty, Best Solo, Braid, Mega Man 9, Penny Arcade,
ResHD, Portal Still Alive, Best Innovation in Xbox Live Arcade, Braid for Time Travel, Kingdom for Keflings, Use of Avatars, Fable 2, Pub Games, Retail Game Integration, N Plus, Level Sharing, and Duke Nukem 3D Dynamic Replay.
Best Graphics, Street Fighter 2, Geometry Wars, Braid, Castle Crashers, Bionic Commando, Best Classic Remake Game, Bionic Commando, Street Fighter 2, Mega Man 9, Galaga Legions, and ResHD.
So go cast a vote then.
Vote for RezHD a lot.
But at the same time, I don't think our listeners should be voting in this poll.
Because you know why?
And I have a right to say this.
Because I'm looking at the OLR March Madness thing going on, and apparently Tetris is currently beating Super Metroid, which is stupid.
And I know this is happening mostly in part to the whole debacle from last year.
I knew this was going to happen.
People want their revenge on me.
But you know what?
1-877-GAME-OLR
I got to vote for Tetris now.
You're such an asshole.
No, I'm just kidding.
I am not voting for Tetris because, you know what, as much as I like Tetris, Super Metroid gets my vote.
Good job.
And... Super Metroid pulls ahead!
Alright!
Yeah, high five, Loki!
Yeah, good job, Loki!
Alright, anyhow.
A couple more news stories and we're going to wrap up tonight, Loki.
Sorry.
That's alright, I understand.
More Grand Theft Auto possibly on the PSP.
Apparently Sony is in talks with Rockstar.
They want some more games for their PSP system and you know what, I'm down with that.
Let's get some San Andreas stories going on.
Thanks for watching!
Be honest, I mean, the Giant Town Wars stuff, it's going to be good, but it's no PSP, you know, Grand Theft Auto games.
Those were, you know, just like the PlayStation 2 ones, and I hope they do another one.
I really do.
But is Grand Theft Auto the type of thing you really want to play on your PSP, Loki?
I mean, you're a Grand Theft Auto fan.
Yeah, really?
We played the PSP version for months.
The multiplayer was fun.
And yes, it is something I would play on my PSP.
for long hours.
And it's also fun to hack apart.
for long hours.
I'd like to see a Saints Row on PSP, but no, that wouldn't happen.
Or even Crackdown on PSP.
That'd be awesome.
Anything sandbox-ish.
Hell, Atari or Ubisoft or whoever owns Driver, make another Driver game.
You don't have to put any effort into it.
Just make another Driver game.
Make it crap like the last one.
Well, their last game I didn't really play, but make it like Driver 3.
Just reissue Driver 3.
Make no changes.
All right, and finally tonight, this is something interesting.
Apparently, a 60-year-old woman got held hostage at gunpoint for 10 hours in Brazil this week.
This was reported from Globo.com, apparently broke this story.
But here's the part that makes it interesting and somewhat game-related.
The gun that was used, a Sega Light Phaser from the old Sega Master System.
Of course, Sega is still a huge presence in Brazil.
The Master System is still marketed in Brazil.
That's right, so no surprise that the Sega Light Phaser was the light gun of choice.
However, dude tried to hold somebody up with a light gun.
And they didn't figure out that this was a fake-looking gun?
It's a 60-year-old woman.
The man did release the hostage, good for him, negotiated with police, and there you go.
So...
I don't know, idiots like this, anybody that uses video game equipment to hold people hostage deserves to have the FUs of the week dedicated to them.
My FU goes to this site for not recognizing my password or giving me any way to immediately change my password.
The end.
Um, I don't really have a lot of FUs of the week.
I've actually been in a pretty good mood.
So, um, I don't know.
FU to the fact that I have to go back to work tomorrow.
Although, you know, I like my job and all.
You know, I'm just lazy.
I would rather stay at home than play video games.
So FU to that.
Loki.
Um, FU to the rain still.
For some reason, the way the weather patterns are, they're starting on Sundays.
Always Sundays.
Always the day I'm going to play Airsoft.
Why?
Why must you do this?
You know, to be honest, I don't really care too much anymore, though.
Especially after this week being sick.
But it still sucks, you know, that I've been waiting for like over a month now to play.
And unfortunately, it's not going to be any different for the next few weeks either, so...
Ugh, stupid rain.
At least rain during the week.
Give me the weekends off, okay?
You can rain all week long, but just give me Sunday.
That's the only day I want.
Can we come up with some sort of compromise, Mother Nature?
Seriously.
All right.
Nice and short FUs of the Week segment tonight.
Thank you very much.
How about we open up the Skype line and take some calls?
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call.
Or you can call us on Skype at username OrangeLoungeRadio.
Or you can give us a call right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
And we will take a couple of your calls tonight.
And then we're going to wrap it up and call it a night here at Orange Lounge Radio.
and of course we'll be back at the same time next week join us sometime for a live taping Sunday night 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time 9 o'clock Eastern Time right after the Bobby Blackwolf show on All Games Radio www.allgames.com but let's go ahead and go to the phones we have a call hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
it's DT wow I made it first hi congratulations DT what is on your mind?
and you were on the show last week of course but here you are now calling in by phone what's on your mind tonight buddy?
Oh, something I forgot to plug.
Okay.
The Indie Gaming Spotlight, Episode 1.
Uh...
Yes, I noticed this on the website.
One of the neat new features now that we have more people that know how to update the website and are excited to use it to update things.
I noticed that DarkTetsuya started the indie spotlight on the site, which was kind of an idea we were kicking around.
And of course, the first game he highlighted, of course, La Mulana, because I know he's dropped thousands and thousands of hours into the MSX wannabe game.
But yeah, any hints as to what's coming up soon on the indie spotlight?
I was thinking of doing a version.
That one keeps coming up.
Okay.
All right.
Now, here's my question.
We might have some indie developers that listen to this show.
How can they get themselves featured on Orange Lounge Radio Indie Spotlight?
Just drop me a line at darktotsuya at gmail.com.
All right.
I think we have a thread in the forums too, right?
Yep.
All right.
Well, anything else you want to plug?
What kind of games have you been playing this week?
Any video games you've been playing lately?
I just want to need some speed.
I want to check out the world online if it launches here in the U.S.
I don't know.
I'm not on Steam.
No, that's it.
Thank you for reminding me.
I should have plugged it last week when it went up.
So there you go.
If you want to check that out, Indie Spotlight, week one featuring La Mulana, which has almost become a bit of an OLR inside joke.
So check it out at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Yep.
All right.
Take care, Joe.
You too.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to give us a call.
Or on Skype, it's Orange Lounge Radio.
And we got another call already coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma, and I finally made it through after like two weeks.
I know, it's been kind of crazy the past couple weeks, but that's okay.
You know, we have to take calls from different people, you know, we gotta mix it up a little bit.
What's on your mind, Ranma?
Yeah, Baron.
Sky, I want you to know something.
What?
You almost killed me about two hours ago.
How?
Your comment about Foodie Monster.
I was eating chips and drinking soda when you said that.
The sad thing is I don't even think he's listening tonight.
He's not, and no one's made a comment to Twitter about it to him either.
Hopefully somebody will bring it to his attention that he ought to listen to tonight's show, because I'm sure I'll get a nasty Twitter email about it.
If no one else does it, I will.
All right, you get to it.
Hey, no cons this weekend?
I'm done with the cons for the month.
I did Comic-Con.
I did Catacomb.
I did Wicked Winter Ren Faire.
I'm on break until the end of March.
Nice long break for you.
Something like that.
Speaking of cons, have you been to Video Games Live?
It's like a mini-con.
Not yet.
When it came around my way, I just didn't have the money, and to be perfectly honest, I wasn't really that interested at the time.
You know, I would say, they do a costume contest, and there were only like three people that dressed up.
So like, if you did your Black Luigi thing, or heck, any of your video game related costumes, I think you'd have a good shot to win like a DS or something like that.
I'll check that out.
You should.
I bet you could do very well.
And speaking of conventions, when you talked about the Square Enix swords, it would not be surprising that I still see them at the conventions or whatever's left.
The price would just go double to triple.
Believe it or not, they're cheaper than getting them done, commissioned by actual prop makers.
Probably.
Probably.
Yeah.
Is this true?
I see Breslow in chat saying you are going to SakuraCon.
True or false?
No, I'm not.
Oh.
I kind of want to go to SakuraCon.
I love Seattle, but I also want to go to PAX.
So, I don't know.
And flights aren't always necessarily that cheap.
But I don't know.
I might be able to come to SakuraCon.
Maybe if Bress Lowell will let me crash his place on the couch or something.
As long as you don't violate him in his sleep.
I promise.
I'll be good.
He can't violate me in my sleep.
Why are you telling me?
He needs to not violate me.
I want you guys to know that you guys covered an article
Last week that you covered three years ago.
You know, sometimes those oddities happen, but what was the article, just for fun?
Final Fantasy X port on the NES.
Really?
That had come up before?
I thought it was recent.
I remember there was a VII port on the DS a few years ago.
Final Fantasy VII, but I didn't remember a X port.
So that's why we did it.
No, it was X, because someone posted it.
I followed the link, and I'm like, this is X, yeah.
Interesting.
Eh, well, it happens.
Whatever.
You know, we're not perfect, and the show's been going a long time.
We can't remember every story we've ever done.
It's gonna happen.
That's fine.
I mean, I had no problem with that.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah, you know, and of course, you know, we don't have the same listeners now that we had three years ago, either.
Thankfully, we have some of the faithfuls, like yourself, and there's some others that have been listening to the show for a long, long time.
There's also a lot of new faces, too, so...
Yeah, definitely.
So, you know, at some point, DarkSakura might actually run out of classic games to talk about.
So we're going to have to figure something out.
That's not likely going to happen.
I doubt that.
All right.
Be a long time.
All right.
Well, Ranma, any other thoughts for us before you get to another call?
Last thing, in regards to the whole match game debacle from a month ago, when you guys have the next contest, my group, Anime Jam Session, we want to donate a couple of prizes for the winners.
Sweet!
Definitely, we'll make that happen.
I don't know when we'll play match game again, but we'll try to get some guests to come in studio and we'll make that happen.
Yes, because I posted a link in the chat room for these shirts that we made called Grand Theft Chocobo.
Awesome.
I want that shirt.
It's available in Xbox 360 White and PlayStation 3 Black.
Very nice.
Nice pitch.
Yes.
There you go.
What's the website where I can order one?
Secret-Shop.com.
There you go.
All right, Ranma, we're going to let you go so we can get some more calls.
But take care, buddy, okay?
Okay, you too.
Love you.
Later.
Bye.
All right.
Super Mario Kart, according to Guinness Book of World Records, has compiled the top 50 console games of all time.
And Super Mario Kart, apparently, has the longest legacy and the biggest impact on video games in all of history.
And that is according to, again, the Guinness Book of World Records.
They need to get out of video games.
No.
2, Tetris 3, Grand Theft Auto 4, Super Mario World, Zelda Ocarina of Time at No.
5, all the way down to OutRun 2 at No.
50.
It's like, seriously, Guinness, no one gives a shit about your book anymore.
Hey, I love Guinness when it's booze.
Actually, yes, I give a shit about their book anymore, so sorry, you're wrong.
But even about video games?
Yes, actually.
I think that it's fantastic that they're still keeping track of all of this.
I think it's great.
Well, I beg to differ if they're still using Twin Galaxies to do it, but we'll save that for another night.
Not for using Twin Galaxies, but I mean, but I still think that the Guinness book is fantastic.
Alright, we got another call waiting on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, yeah, this is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator.
What's on your mind?
Um, two things.
Um, I just want to say thank you to Loki for showing off Noby Noby Boy last week.
Um,
Thanks to him showing the footage of that, I ended up buying the game during the middle of the week.
It's actually quite fun, so thank you to him.
Yeah, I've heard kind of some mixed reviews on that, so I'm glad to hear you liked it after all.
No problem, we tried to do that.
Now that we've got the Justin.TV thing hooked up pretty cool, where even though I think watching a radio show being taped is the most boring thing in the world, at least the audio now goes out over Justin.TV really well, and we do those little breaks in between that seem to work out really well for the audience over there.
And it opens up our show to a new group of people, because there's a whole vast...
And as far as the second thing, I just wanted to respond to that one email that you read earlier today.
I can't remember his name, but he was asking about advice regarding Final Fantasy XI.
Yeah.
Yeah, basically, I agree with a lot of your criticisms of Final Fantasy XI.
I know the game is not perfect by a long shot, but still, it is pretty fun.
I've been playing it for just barely over three years now.
I would recommend that this person get into a good link shell, which is the game's equivalent to a build.
Um, and there's, uh, you know, the game is designed to be very social.
Um, so even if you're just sitting around waiting to get into a party, you know, you can always shoot the breeze with your friends in the windshield.
while you're waiting.
The number one thing that draws you to Final Fantasy XI besides the people.
What is it about Final Fantasy XI, the game, that keeps you coming back?
Well, you know, I've been a pretty big fan of the series as a whole for a number of years.
And I figured, you know, at the time, you know, this was the next one in the series.
Now, get that started now.
Not only that, but since I'm primarily a console gamer, my selection of MMOs are kind of limited.
The only one that I'm familiar with and heard of is the PlayStation 2 version of EverQuest.
And that was alright, but Final Fantasy XI, in my opinion, is a whole lot better.
Um...
and plus, you know, you can play as a black mage, you know, which both of my characters are and it's just so much fun nuking the shit out, you know, the beastmen in Final Fantasy XI, you know, whether you're casting fire or arrow or thunder or whatever, you know, just like doing, you know, castling, casting spells every two or three seconds, you know,
Alright, well, you know, I can see that because Final Fantasy XI was kind of a console game.
You know, it was made for the PlayStation 2.
I know a lot of people here in America played on the PC, but most people over in Japan played on PlayStation 2.
And a lot of people here in America played on PlayStation 2 as well.
It is one of the few MMOs very accessible through a console.
So, you know, I can kind of see that.
WoW is missing a significant user base from not having a version of it on consoles.
But then again, I couldn't see WoW on a console, so I get it.
Well, Spazinator, we're going to have to let you go so we can get some more calls, but I hope your sales pitch works.
I'm sure it will.
I'm sure Acidic Vampire will at least spend his one month in Final Fantasy XI, and hopefully he'll stay a little longer after that.
So, Spazinator, thank you so much for calling, and have a good one, okay?
Yep, you too.
Take care.
Alright.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, 1877GAMEOLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
and DSMaster25.
Well, hello, DSMaster.
What's up?
Not much.
I got a few new games and a few new features on.
Okay.
I don't know if something's weird with the audio we're getting.
It's a little hard to understand.
May I want to get a little bit away from your mic?
I don't know what's up with that.
No, that's all right.
So you have some new games you want to review.
What's up?
What games?
GTA, Liberty City and Tony Stark's Project 8.
Well, tell us about them.
Well, whatever you say, it's actually my first time playing it, even though I'm only 16.
I got ahold of it on Amazon, my debit card.
Basically, what I like is if we play it, it's just all humans, but a lot more.
I like rolling around in the paint and blowing stuff up.
Blowing stuff up in games is always fun.
So what was the other game you played besides Grand Theft Auto?
Tony Hawk's Project 8 Tell us a little more about this game.
This one's not ringing a bell for some reason.
Basically...
It's like all your Tony Rock games, but a little bit more of a challenge.
Basically, you had to keep pushing up to keep your skater going.
There is no auto-kick option whatsoever in the game.
What game is this?
Tony Hawk's Project D. It's a little bit more challenging, I will say.
It's going to be more of a challenge for me to buy it used than I buy most games used.
What makes this game different from the other Tony Hawk games?
Like, basically, more area to explore.
It's like a free realm game, kind of like American Wasteland, which the PSP never got.
Because the DS got American Wasteland, but the DS never got Project 8.
And actually, there is another game I got...
Rock Revolution for DS That must be interesting, Rock Revolution on the DS.
I know we had a review on that a couple weeks ago.
I think Sauce reviewed it.
I'm still tempted to get it for $20 on 360, but then I'm like, oh, that's $20.
I could, like, buy lunch.
Actually, the DS version has the singing in it, which the consoles are missing.
That is so weird.
But, of course, the DS has the built-in microphone.
Yeah, even though, here's my little problem here.
With Blackbeard and the PSP, I mean, why didn't Hermione just go with what, um, Activision did?
And basically redo the guitar grip but to fit the USB port in the clamp-on?
Because that would have made sense.
For a guitar grip.
Mm.
Could be.
All right.
Or something.
Well, we are going to go ahead and wrap up and let you go, but keep having fun with the DS games.
So, you know, have fun.
All right.
I love the PS3, and it's actually awesome, but I just got a new screen, so I just need to fix the buttons now.
All right.
Yay.
All right, take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right, take care, buddy.
Peace out.
See ya.
All right.
Okay, that was DS Master calling in.
And that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys so much for the calls.
And sorry to those that didn't get through.
Apparently it's been popular the past couple weeks, but we will open it up again next week as we always do.
Don't forget you can always send in an email or post something on the forums, etc., etc.
Alright, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
And then we're going to close up shop.
Oh, last minute stories though first.
Was there anything else?
I had the one Guinness thing.
Loki.
Yeah, there's a few things real quick.
There was the announcement this week, or they finally made it official, that the red Xbox 360 Elite system with Resident Evil 5...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All that for the low, low price of $399.99 or just the normal price of an Elite system.
Pretty good deal if you were looking to buy an Elite system.
And the other thing that's supposed to be worked on right now is apparently it is expected to sign a deal for Doom 4 later this year.
However, they don't know who the publisher is going to be yet.
But you better believe that you're going to see a Doom 4.
I wouldn't be surprised if it was EA.
But, you know, I don't know.
Doom 3 is kind of eh.
It's all right.
And then that's it.
All right.
Well, I guess that's going to do it for tonight's show.
Let's go around and get everybody's last final thoughts.
My final thought would be I should really play this copy of Every Extend Extra I have sitting here in front of me.
Find my PSP because this is a great game.
I love it on the Xbox Live Arcade, but I didn't play it enough on PSP.
I think I'm going to do that this week.
DarkSakura, final thought.
I want my headache to go away.
I'm sorry.
Loki, your final thought.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
Coming up on our 7th anniversary if you can believe it.
That's going to do it.
Have a great night everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
