Tonight, March 29th, 2009.
Will OnLive be the next great console?
Could Netflix come out for PlayStation 3 and Wii?
And the classic 8-bit game is re-released for the iPhone.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back after a week vacation to talk more about video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here every week, as well as my awesome co-host, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Jamie Summers?
I am.
You are, because you is?
I don't know.
I be.
Because you be.
Alright, also joining us tonight, say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
How's it going?
Good, how are you?
Could have been better, because... Yeah?
Yeah, Adobe... I don't know what it is, it's just like an ongoing theme of my laptop.
An update...
Flash Media Encoder
Just to kind of explain a little bit for the listeners, especially those on the podcast, we do tape live, obviously, and live radio has interesting advantages, as in we get to interact with you guys live, and disadvantages, as two things don't always work the way we planned.
So Loki is trying to show something on Justin TV, our video feed, which we'll get into a little bit later, but he's unable to do it because, for whatever reason, his laptop suddenly decided it didn't want to cooperate with the video anymore.
Yeah, it wants to do audio, but no video.
Yeah, it's weird, so...
But you know, this type of thing is not limited to PCs.
I'll tell you what, my laptop, my MacBook's been out of commission for like a month because an Apple update screwed up my boot up.
Like, it'll get to the gray screen and I get the spinning wheel and it just freezes there.
And from everything I've been told, I just need to reinstall OS X, but I don't have that disk anymore.
I don't know where the hell I put it when I first, I bought my laptop like a year and a half ago and, you know,
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
For a little while, it actually was non-existent, given that I had a midterm last week and lots of school crap to do.
But I did actually play Cooking Mama for iPhone, which is, it's only got a few recipes on it, so it's super short.
But I like the control on it better than on the DS.
It's actually pretty fun.
So that's one game that translates itself very, very well for iPhones.
And for those that don't remember, DarkSakura loves her Cooking Mama on DS.
Yep, sure do.
And I actually downloaded another game, let me find the name of it, because it's also on iPhone.
Really, a lot of my gaming has been iPhone-based lately, except for last night, which I'll get into in just a second.
It's called Light Bike, and it's a free light cycle game, like in Tron.
So it's pretty cool.
And then...
I wouldn't say this is a game, but it's a fun little app as I've been playing with my Koi Pond lately.
And also, as I'm being reminded via hint, hint, hint, is I did actually review Cooking Mama on AvengersTower.com, so if you want to check it out, you can see my full review there.
No, wait a minute.
Not OrangeLaunchRadio.com?
You review games over on Giggling Girl's site, but you won't do it...
I'm just messing.
We're getting Tiara over, hopefully, to do game reviews as well, right?
For us?
Hopefully?
Yes?
Thumbs up?
Good.
There is hope.
That would be beautiful.
Hope in the positive direction.
That would be beautiful.
Yes.
She plays a lot of games I never get around to playing, so I like reading her reviews.
Last night was all about the Rufus belly for Street Fighter 4.
Last night at my house, we got it on with video games in a big way.
My husband and I, and no it wasn't anything kinky, we decided... Got it on, huh?
With video games?
Sick.
Hush, hush, hush.
Last night, we decided that we were going to totally go for the PC Engine fun.
So we broke out our PC Engine core graphics so we could play our Japanese cue cards.
And then we broke out the Turbo Duo, which we've got to play the import CDs.
We found my copy of Space Fantasy Zone, and I was so happy.
My copy of Space Fantasy Zone, however, has a hole in it.
Not a hole where the spindle goes, but a hole in the disc.
Therefore, we got to the first boss.
How does that even happen?
I don't know.
Wow.
There's shit in my house.
But we got to the first boss and it's like, Game over!
I quit!
You win!
Game over!
No more... And for people who don't know, basically, Space Fantasy Zone, because the Space Harrier and Fantasy Zone are set in the same universe, it's basically Fantasy Zone from the Space Harrier behind the player perspective.
So it's pretty cool, and it has remixes of all the old Fantasy Zone music done in sort of that Space Harrier style.
And...
I'll have to actually bring you tracks to play on this show sometime, Rob.
They're really cool.
Now, this game is also a prototype.
They did not release it.
They had just base cover artwork for it, and it never, as far as I'm aware, never got an official release.
And so I've been racking my brain trying to find some way to burn a new copy of the game, but hell, if I know how to burn multi-session, you know...
Audio and data weird compilation.
I found how to do it, but it's a lot of hard work and I'm lazy.
Goldanthro in chat says, a hole in the disc?
Disc sex?
Since you know you're talking about getting it on and all.
And GameGuru says, holy disc.
He forgot the Batman part.
Holy disc, Batman.
To be specific, it wasn't actually a physical hole through it, I found out.
But somehow or another, on both sides of the disc, the covering on it had been scratched off.
The following program is intended for mature audiences.
And there you go.
Just so you know.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
Alright, anything else in your gaming week besides such nerdy PC Engine retro fun?
Oh, there's a lot more.
Oh yeah?
Well, it was all PC Engine though, nerdy fun.
Just to name off some of the games that we're playing, we put in Dracula X, Ys, Book 1 and 2.
Freaking epic!
We played Legend of the Valkyries, Son Son, Twinbee.
We broke out our copy of Twinbee.
And...
What else did we play?
God, because I put pictures up on the gallery.
I took a picture of my foot next to our PC Engine Core graphics.
So you can see how little the PC Engine Core graphics is compared to my foot.
We also played Final Lap Twin, Victory Run, Keith Courage.
No, we didn't play Keith Courage because that game is crap.
Adventure Island.
We played Adventure Island, which is pretty fun.
So, yeah, we were getting on with the Hudson play last night.
It was pretty cool.
Good times.
Yep.
Lots of classic gaming.
By the way, folks, before we get into Loki's Gaming Week here, JustinTV's now up, if you're listening live.
And, Loki, I'm assuming you're going to talk about what's going on here on JustinTV while you're talking about your Gaming Week.
Yeah.
Basically, like I said, I've been playing Grand Theft Auto, mainly Lost in Damn, because that's all I play.
But...
Oh yeah, I forgot.
This is my boss's 360.
Well, technically it's my 360, but it's the one that he uses because I own five of them for some reason.
But this is my old 360.
It's modded.
So I figured out how to hack Grand Theft Auto 4.
And basically because Rockstar is so lazy when it comes to programming that they literally use files that have been around since, you know, and it froze for a second there.
Oh, phone call.
Um,
Anyway, so basically, it uses the same PC files and stuff, so you can edit it the same way as you'd edit, like, you know, handling files and that kind of thing.
So, for example, I can kick that motorcycle really hard, and it will go flying.
Because I edited the physics.
Nice.
The punching and stuff.
It's just fun.
Because my boss, he's... Oh, they're going to orbit.
They seriously will.
A bunch of person is flying into orbit here.
I know this is horrible.
Oh, my God.
They just disappeared.
Sorry, I know this is crappy radio.
That's awesome.
That is fantastic.
I love it.
I'm sure this will be in the archives as well.
We'll play it during break.
There's a lot more stuff you can tweak.
Basically, you can edit it like you can edit the PC version if you know how to do it.
We've played it online between the five of us that play Grand Theft Auto because
Thanks for watching!
We got a weird side effect was anybody that got near him would get the same kind of upgrades to their weapons, so it kind of canceled each other out.
The only thing is it doesn't affect vehicle handling.
If he gets into a bus, they're basically like rockets now.
They just go really fast and smash through everything.
That won't affect other people.
And also physics on the weapons, like the punching I was just doing, that won't affect other people.
And if you try to punch another player that you're playing with,
DarkTetsuya says, so now it's Hancock the video game?
DeathWishing says, Falcon Punch!
Um, X-Link says he's Siler, and Actdeft says Grand Theft Auto would crack down physics?
Cool, freaking awesome.
So, that was pretty hilarious, that's kind of funny.
It's basically, I mean, if you were the, you could potentially cheat in the online games with this, but you'd be banned pretty quick, and I'm surprised, I mean, this, I'm guessing he's going to be banned eventually, but what do I care, because, you know, it's my boss, it's not me, so, you know.
Yeah.
I hope he doesn't listen.
No, he doesn't listen.
It's my modded console anyway, so what do I care?
But no, it's just a really fun experiment.
As far as I'm aware, I mean, I'm sure other people have done it, but the only video I've seen online, there's only been one person that's done it, and he's the guy that actually made this program called Open4, which is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know, it's fun to just watch TV and play that game.
And then I also tried Trackmania DS, which is pretty good, but the only thing that kind of sucks about it is because the DS screens are so small, your field of view is really small in the game.
But other than that, it's basically just the same as the PC version, which is pretty awesome.
So that's kind of cool.
And then...
I think that's about it, really, because I wanted to play a lot more games.
I was meaning to install that new update for the Wii.
You know, not exactly the same way as you'd normally update it, but you know,
Special way.
Because I got a 16 gigabyte card to go with that.
So maybe we'll hear some more about this next week.
By the way, Tigerclaw in chat says you should hack Peggle and put in some crazy-ass physics.
Just like you did in Grand Theft Auto.
It's not as easy to hack other games.
Seriously, Grand Theft Auto, if you literally extract all the files that are in those compressings, it's exactly the same as what you see on the PC.
Formats are the same.
Files are actually somewhat the same.
The only thing that's different is the texture files and stuff.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
CD-ROM drive.
I literally took the CD-ROM drive apart.
Unfortunately, that thing spins so fast, it's impossible to do that.
Wow.
But it's fun.
It's cool.
Alright.
Repeat at your own risk because he's voiding all sorts of warranties.
All sorts of warranties.
If one of these Xboxes is E74s, tough shit.
Yeah, exactly.
And you know what?
I'm not going to go post online how to do this.
Basically, you can figure it out the same way as you would modify a song in Guitar Hero or something.
Yeah.
The information is out there.
You just have to figure it out.
I don't want a lot of people online cheating like hell.
I'm not doing that.
We do it for fun.
For your own amusement.
As you can see, there's no way I'm faking this since it's lost and damned.
There's no way to port that to the PC yet.
It's just fun.
All right.
So I think you're going to kind of play a little bit on and off throughout the night.
You might kind of pause as you're reading news stories and so on, but you can kind of watch the action go down at JustinTV, which is also available, thanks to Dekeman for reminding me, we have it in a little box now on OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
I'm not used to it being like right there on our homepage, but it is.
So you can just look at OrangeLaunchRadio.com and you can like read the reviews that were posted this week and watch JustinTV at the same time.
It's pretty cool.
So, My Gaming Week.
Gosh, since we've been out for two weeks, I actually got caught up on quite a few games.
Retro Game Challenge is just so adorable on the Nintendo DS.
I can't think of a better way to describe this game.
It's really adorable.
Basically what they did, they took a lot of inspired 8-bit games.
I mean, they're all original, old-school retro games that you play in this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's game magazines that you look through and get new tips out of, and of course they have cheat codes.
There's all these little throwbacks to things we might remember from the 80s, like really bad English in some of the games and all this stuff.
Here's the only thing I didn't like about Retro Game Challenge is that everything was very sequential.
When you buy the game, you have to start with a particular shooter game, then move on to the racing game, then move on.
I kind of would have liked a little more openness, even if...
It didn't, you know, give you everything at once.
Maybe if you started with three of the games and you could kind of go back and forth and beat the challenges you wanted to in one and then move on to another.
I would have liked to see a little more freedom in the way the actual game itself was set up, but it's not enough to really distract from the fact that the game is really a throwback to the old school days.
So, honestly, excuse me, if you were a kid gaming in the 1980s, I think you'd need a kick out of this and might want to check it out on the Nintendo DS.
Um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Final Fantasy Crystal Defenders Flash Tower Defender
Thanks for watching!
And then also, just a few things here and there.
I checked out Hasbro Family Game Night briefly, which is a little bit, you know, it's a little deceptive.
I thought, well, I don't know if I should say deceptive, but it's unlike other games.
Because I thought you were going to get all these games, the Kinect 4, the Scrabble, and all this stuff, for $10.
No, no.
Each of those games within Scrabble, or within Family Game Night, cost $10.
Family Game Night is like the front end.
Family Game Night
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Now, granted, you know, the Wii version doesn't have internet play, so it kind of depends how much that's worth to you and all that, but it just kind of amuses me that I think a lot of people forget this game's already available on the Wii.
It's one big bundle, so something to consider if you're going to get all these games or if you think this is something that might be for you because you have a family.
You know, there's already a version out there on the Wii that's probably going to be in the bargain bin before too long that might suit you better.
But, of course, online play goes a long way.
I get that.
There you go.
I checked out the demo for Uno Rush.
I didn't like it at all.
I didn't like the way the game runs at all.
It's not the video game itself.
It's not the way it was ported.
I don't like the game itself.
I don't like the whole organizing your cards as the game goes on.
And plus, I don't think it's worth the five extra dollars that they want to charge for that as opposed to the five dollars for regular Uno, which seems to be a more accepted price point and sadly one that we rarely see anymore.
Yeah, Uno's so a few years ago.
Some comments from chat room.
Leo Shen says, Hardcore Xbox Kinect fucking 4 is worth $10.
Drop your piece, bitch.
Pretty sneaky there, you bitch.
I guess that could be worth it.
I don't know.
I just think it would get a little old after a while.
But then again, you know what?
How can I say Uno's great and then say these games are not great?
The only difference really is five more dollars.
And these games graphically are a little more polished, the ones in Family Game Night.
So, you know...
GameGuru says you might pick it up when it's in the bargain bin.
Perhaps.
That's about it for my gaming week.
I did check out a lot of little things here and there.
I didn't play a lot of games for a long, long time.
That's the weird thing.
I played a lot of games here and there.
Probably Retro Game Challenge is the one I played the most.
Because I've unlocked like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Several of us put OLR on there
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
MySpace, Customizable Backgrounds
and then the other thing LiveJournal is also our community at Orange Lounge which we haven't posted a lot to lately but we try to you know especially as our listeners and stuff post things there we always read that and keep an eye on that so okay
Also, oh yeah, Deekman reminds us, hey, there's that little box called Extended Play on the OLR homepage, and it has it all.
It has like our Last.fm group, our Steam community.
If you want to find some like-minded gamers, cool people who listen to a little internet radio program out of someone's garage, then check it out on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news, because damn, a lot happened this week, and that might be thanks to a little thing called the Game Developers Conference, which might I remind you is not E3.
Loki's gonna start us off tonight.
Yes, there is a new, I'm not even sure if you'd call it a console format, I guess, on live, which is going to basically be almost like, I guess, those TiVo boxes that you can get where you can stream videos to your home.
This service, you'll actually be able to stream games to your home, and it'll also be like a really small box that you would put next to your TV.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
But something you would hook up to your TV And I think I remember saying a long time ago And I don't even know if it was when we interviewed the guy from GameTap That was a long time ago But I remember we were talking about, you know, GameTap should be something you can plug into your TV And this thing would sell like crazy And this sounds like it This might as well be like an extension of GameTap Or just rename it to GameTap and just have like Well, the same people are involved, so they can't really do that Well, damn, just talk to, hey, okay, you got the technology Go make friends You've got the technology, they've got the name, and you know
Let's do it.
Not only do we get the high-end PC games, let's get the retro stuff.
Just have everything.
The streaming frame skipping is weird to me.
Here's the thing.
The way GameTap works, you download the whole game to your computer and then play it that way.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I can't imagine that this is really going to work unless they have one hell of an algorithm to basically do this.
Because the way I see it, you're going to need a PC for every one of these things that are going.
So each person is going to need their own PC basically in this remote server to be able to play this stuff.
But this does not hook up to your TV?
No, I mean, well, it does hook up to your TV, but it's, I mean, you don't need your own PC, your own high-end PC to run this stuff.
Okay.
Which I think you should, because, you know, half the fun of actually being able to play these games is the effort that it takes to own a PC or build a PC to do it.
But whatever, I mean... In your hacking and cracking opinion.
Well, not really.
Because I'd be pissed off if I streamed Crisis got to the end and couldn't finish it because the game was broken.
Wait, but this is a huge thing.
You hook this box into your TV, correct?
Yes.
So you don't need a computer at all or a monitor.
You don't need a computer monitor.
That's important.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It looks neat.
Some of the other cool features on there.
They're going to have a way you can share videos.
They call them brag clips.
No real gamer score, obviously, but you'll have your own profile.
You can buy or rent the game.
You can demo it before you buy it, obviously.
Lots of cool stuff.
I don't know.
It's a neat idea.
If they can get it to work, that'd be really cool.
The problem is I don't know if they're going to be able to get it to work like they want to, but I think there are other applications for it if this doesn't end up working out.
I'm very curious to see what's going to happen at E3, because they're going to probably have to show a little more at E3, and there's going to be a much bigger audience of people watching them at E3.
I'm kind of curious to see how it really flows.
But my thing is, if they can get it to work...
with this little stupid box and stream it, what's gonna say, you know, stop, like, Sony or Microsoft from streaming a game, you know, a full game over their service?
Isn't this the direction we've all seen them moving in anyway?
Yeah.
I mean, is this really any surprise?
I mean, Microsoft and Sony have slowly been walking this direction anyway, especially now that Sony offers their old school catalog as download titles to the TV and the PSP.
But,
and now you can buy Burnout Paradise online completely.
Yeah, but I think this would be even better though because for a console manufacturer, they've already got the console to crunch everything.
It wouldn't necessarily be all on a remote server
DarkSakura.com
I don't know.
It'll be interesting.
All right, well, talking about other things that came out of Game Developers Conference, a lot of talk about digital rights management.
And one of the big companies, of course, behind DRM is Steam.
Steamworks is a new kind of thing that Valve is putting together, and they're talking about how it's going to make DRM obsolete.
Apparently, Steamworks has this new anti-piracy technology that involves copyrights.
Thank you for watching!
It's your customized copy.
So if suddenly your copy were to show up on a torrent, everybody would know who did it.
Interesting.
Kind of surprised a technique like this hasn't been thought of a long time ago.
But my thought is, wouldn't the hackers figure out a way to take the information out of the EXE or block it or scramble it?
Or figure out how to sign it themselves.
It's not going to work.
It's a good attempt, but it's not going to work.
Well, you know, where there's a will, there's a way.
Pirates are going to hack everything.
Did they say that this way is that it will end piracy, basically?
I don't think anybody's going to make those bold statements anymore, but they did say it will make DRM obsolete.
That they did claim.
Okay, well maybe that's not so bad, but I don't know.
I still think that even if they don't even care about the subject matter being put out I'm sorry the hacking community likes a good challenge
TigerClaw in our chatroom, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, says it's called a watermark.
Which, you know, you think of like a picture.
You know, sometimes if you have a picture on a website.
Like, gaming websites do this crap all the time.
Like, for instance, a company like IGN might find a logo for a brand new Wii game on some piddly little independent radio site and copy it.
And then they'll put their watermark on it when they put it on their own website.
So that, you know, everybody knows that when they get it from the bigger, bigger website with all the bandwidth, that it came from IGN, which may or may not be true.
Correct?
Is that a good analogy?
That is a pretty good analogy, I think.
Well, it could also, and this is actually speaking of the same situation, what we should be doing is going in Photoshop and adding in the image information details as far as when it was taken, where it came from, that type of thing.
you know embed all that data within the file where you don't actually need the watermark I'm actually thinking that that could be something more like what they're going to do actually have something
Not necessarily overt, like, you know, a watermark, like you're saying, but something that's embedded deep into the code, or maybe even some little difference in a code, like a different color on a shirt or something for a particular character.
They know they look for that character, that shirt's a different color, that's your copy.
You know, a series of randomly generated events, though, that will identify it, but not be immediately perceived.
Yeah, I was going to say, if they want to be smart about this, they're not going to put the information out there in the open.
The subtle watermark will be something like a particular pattern that appears or a picture that shows up somewhere.
It's going to take a while for the pirates to figure out what is being watermarked.
I think if you just cram name and number in the file, that's not going to be enough.
And if they're not doing it that way, that idea is copyright 2009 Jamie.
That's right.
DarkSakura.
Put a little watermark on it right now.
I'm saying right now that's my idea.
Don't steal it.
That's a very interesting way around it though.
So there you go.
We'll see what happens with this.
Obviously Steam has a lot of power so far, I suppose you could say.
So it'll be interesting to see kind of the impact that this ultimately has on the PC gaming and the PC piracy scene.
Well, in other PC news and piracy, God, this is going to make it so easy for the pirates, but who cares?
Sims 3 is not going to use the DRM.
It's actually going to just use a key code, a CD key.
That'll be broken in about five seconds.
I know.
But then again, it's seriously, with as many people complaining about DRM,
That's really going to be the best way, I think, right now to at least please some of the players.
Although I love what the guy said about it.
There's a quote from...
I'm trying to see who the person is.
Rod Humble who is the executive producer saying we feel that this is a good time proven solution which makes it easy for you to play the game without DRM methods that feel overly invasive or leave you concerned about authorization server access in the distant future.
I agree to that extent.
You won't have to worry about being authorized every time you play it.
You won't have to worry about
you know having to be online to play it but at the same time it is going to mean that they're going to find a lot more I suppose hacked versions out there you know that people are going to be breaking those codes that's good I didn't want to buy that game anyways I'm buying it I need to make more houses need to burn more people need to drown more people in the pool and then turn the lawn into a graveyard that's even better
and then the people who move in are like haunted there needs to be more vampires in Sims 3 and aliens and mutant powers so it'll be Sims X3 okay but not a crappy sequel like X3 was dear god no
Anyways, there's some pretty interesting stuff.
I mean, we've already seen this with the Xbox 360, but now Netflix is kind of branching out to other game systems to see, you know, maybe there's potential interest in streaming to theirs.
For example, the PlayStation 3.
There was a survey going around asking people if they'd be interested in something like
Like the service that they have right now on the Xbox 360 on the PlayStation 3.
However, it would be a little bit different.
What would happen is you'd actually have to purchase a Netflix Instant Streaming Disk for a one-time fee of $10.
And so this can be put into your drive and then basically install their run off there.
And then you have to connect your PS3 to the internet and you'd be able to stream all sorts of stuff to it.
All different movies.
Could this perhaps mean that we're going to see Netflix coming to other systems?
Maybe?
I don't know.
I think they're going to go where the money is, so why not?
Huh.
It's just interesting, though, because I think in our minds we all assume that PlayStation 3 will go with a competitor, like Blockbuster or something else.
So it's kind of interesting that Netflix could essentially end up having a monopoly pretty soon on the high-end systems.
Netflix Instant Streaming Disk
apparently this would be a disc that you would put in the Wii when you want to use the Netflix streaming service and it's not something that would come automatically with a firmware update so I'm not sure if you have to buy this for a fee or if it would be very low cost or something you could order from Netflix no idea very interesting to see if this would actually be something that would happen oh no I'm sorry I'm looking at it in the survey it says a one time fee of $10 for the Netflix instant streaming disc and then your Wii would be connected to the internet
So it could be that Netflix could automatically show up on the Wii, the PS3, and the Xbox 360 all at once, and they would kind of dominate the streaming video market.
I don't know if this would necessarily be a bad thing.
I mean, you know, Netflix has a pretty big library, but of course a little competition is healthy too.
One thing I think Netflix suffers from is they don't have a lot of...
Big, big stuff in their streaming library.
And I know they've talked about adding stuff later on for a higher fee, but they don't get a lot of brand new stuff if it's not an obscure indie film or a documentary, which don't get me wrong, those aren't necessarily bad, but some days you want to watch the big action shoot them up too, and those things are never available instantly, right away, for many, many, many years.
so, I don't know I think a little competition would be healthy if one of the other services would get involved at the same time if Netflix hopefully can get some of the newer stuff on their service, it could be pretty awesome so, we'll see we'll see if this survey, of course surveys can sometimes be meaningless, it's just a survey don't take it too seriously who knows well, how about something a little different more stuff out of Game Developers Conference
Yay!
The Legend of Zelda Spirit Tracks.
It's sort of what makes me think of ice cream.
You know, what's the one Moose Tracks?
I want ice cream, I think.
Ice cream sounds delicious.
Dude, ice cream is fantastic.
I have one ice cream cone in the house and I'm so eating it during break.
Don't hate me.
Only if you buy me pie.
We'll see.
Is it supposed to be some type of training game?
He's got a freaking train!
Haven't they called this a rail shooter game or something?
No, it's Link on a Train.
Seriously.
It's just going to be a standard Zelda game.
It's just people are basing their information off of what they see in the trailer and speculating.
It's just, okay, now there's no water.
But he's wearing a conductor's outfit in every darn scene you see him in.
Maybe he likes it.
Maybe it makes him feel sexy inside.
I don't know.
Maybe he's worn out the... I think Frisbee in chat sums it up.
He's queuing up a song that would describe this game.
Come on, ride the train and ride it.
That should be the song they use in the trailer.
I was thinking of Snakes on a Train.
Or Snakes on a Train.
Snakes on a Train.
Wasn't that a direct-to-DVD version or something like that?
It was a knock-off video.
Alright, well...
I don't know.
I guess more to come on this.
Probably at E3.
I'm assuming this is going to be playable at E3.
We'll find out more about this.
I guess it's inevitable there's going to be a new Zelda game.
Where there's a Nintendo conference, when they're hurting, there's a new Zelda game, right?
I don't know.
Yeah.
So, along with that, of course, we have a little bit more Zelda information, including another Zelda coming to Virtual Console in Japan.
But, you know, it's going to be coming everywhere else eventually, I'm sure.
Um...
Actually, in April, we're going to be getting Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask on Virtual Console.
Also expected out on the Sega Master System, Phantasy Star.
For the PC Engine, Ninja Gaiden.
Also part of the Virtual Console Arcade, Genpai Termidon and Space Invaders.
And then for the Super Famicom, Kirby's Dream Land 3.
And let's see here.
and then Castlevania 3 on the Famicom.
So that's kind of cool.
But I'm sure we'll see stuff in other regions probably around the same time.
I do want to point out though, Phantasy Star is in that Ultimate Genesis collection.
You can get all of them for like $30.
I would never pay $5 for just Phantasy Star when I know this is out there with all the Phantasy Star games for like $30.
Just saying.
Well, their prices are a little high anyways if you ask me.
Anyhow, look, one thing that always kind of pissed me off about virtual consoles is that there was no place on the damn Wii to store all these virtual console games that sometimes I want to download, and especially add WiiWare into it, and the storage capacity on the Wii stinks.
And you might remember, people have been bitching about this for a long time, and what was it, last, like, frickin' September or October, this guy that worked for Nintendo came out and said, nobody cares about that, just geeks and otaku are the only people that care about this.
And I said, F you, buddy!
May I?
What?
Yeah.
I said, F you, buddy.
If that's going to be your attitude, then I ban myself from Virtual Console.
I'm not downloading any more stuff.
Because I'll tell you what, I had like three screens full of Virtual Console crap before that point.
I don't know how I fit it all in there.
Mostly little NES games.
I said, the hell with this.
If that's going to be your attitude, then I ban Virtual Console until Nintendo addresses this issue.
And guess what?
Finally, all these months later, yes, my boycott has come to an end because they did announce at Game Developers Conference 2009 that the Wii Shop channel would be updated with the SD card menu that would allow you 20 pages of games on the SD card without having to copy it back and forth like you did before.
You could actually boot the damn game from the SD card.
Not necessarily, though.
Also, let me say this.
Not just can you do 2GB SD cards, which is a lot of room to begin with, especially compared to what's on the Wii to begin with.
You can now run up to 32GB SD cards in the slot.
Loki, what were you going to say?
Technically, it's not necessarily running off the SD card.
It's copying them to the Wii memory.
So that is one little asterisk on there.
You need to have free memory on your Wii's internal storage.
However, though, if you get an SD card that's big enough, just copy everything to the damn SD card, at least all the games.
Save files, I'm sure, will be enough.
But it alleviates the problem of having to go into the memory manager every single time, which was stupid.
And I know a lot of people were emailing me saying, Rob, you should just copy things.
I said, no, no, that's stupid because it needs to be part of this whole seamless thing.
You're making excuses for Nintendo having these big ideas with what they want to do with the download service and then not having the space to put it all.
I said, you're making excuses.
So Nintendo needs to address this directly, make it very seamless, make it easy.
And they finally did.
So there you go.
And so, of course, if you were listening early in the show, I talked about I played Bit.Trip.Beat.
I also played Gradius Rebirth.
I didn't play it enough.
I went on a buying binge to buy some of the things I missed out on while my boycott was going on.
So there you go.
That happens from time to time?
Sorry.
What is this?
You're talking about your video, right?
Yeah, sometimes when you punch somebody, they bounce back and they knock you open to the air.
Anyways, sorry.
Back to the show.
And DarkTatooine in chat says, as long as you leave enough to load your biggest VC game should be an issue.
You're right.
But all I do, I copy all my games to the SD card now and I'll have plenty of room on the...
The Wii.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We specifically asked, did Nintendo's announcements at Game Developers Conference show a commitment to us core gamers or are you not satisfied?
Here's some of the answers we got on Twitter, which is a little bit diverse here.
Let's see, we've got... Poor Leno111 says, To me, the train plus Zelda equals fail.
I wish they would just go back to the old school style of Zelda.
Ryan Belknap says, Just should be happy they said anything at all.
They could have kept it for E3.
Dustoise says, With the new games and support for bigger SD card, I think it's a great move, but I know tons of people will still complain.
Scruffy K says, No, I think Nintendo is trying to keep the core gamers from deserting them.
A Zelda in the hands is good as two in production.
There you go.
Some of the answers from our Show Us Your Tweets segment.
We're on twitter.com under OLR, and we like to post questions for you guys to answer before the show.
Let's move on.
We do have a couple more Nintendo stories out of Game Developers Conference.
I almost said E3.
We're a little bit stuck right now though, so why don't I go ahead and just take this next one?
Okay.
Okay, so the next story would be about... Sorry, we got some live issues going on.
Live radio, folks.
It's called Jamie's Computer is a Piece of Crap.
That's all right.
Well, Jamie would have been excited to tell you about the Virtual Console Arcade that was also announced at Game Developers Conference and is now just loading?
Now just loading.
Well, then tell them what arcade games they can be looking forward to with this.
Well, hey, there's all kinds of cool stuff that you can be looking forward to.
In fact, I would actually even say if you were a Namco fan, then you're going to be supremely pleased.
GAPLESS MAPPY
We Love Mappy!
Annoying little freaking game that is.
It's alright.
500 Wii Points.
There's Tower of Druaga, which is 500 Wii Points, also available now.
Star Force from Tecmo.
500 points.
And then we have a Sega game coming out, which is my number three favorite game.
Ever.
Ever.
Space Harrier.
Hi!
And then Solvalu from Namco Bondi.
Again, though, I'm a little torn because didn't a lot of these Namco games show up in these various Namco collections they seem to put out on every system?
Some have not.
Some have not.
Some have not.
And also, other ones that are listed on here, where we're not seeing any too much else listed in the announcement list, was Emeralda.
There's also The Return of Ishtar.
Hmm.
So, hey.
Here's the mistake I don't want to make.
It's very similar to the Sonic Genesis collection.
I'm pretty sure I heard something about Namco's putting out some type of new compilation on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
There's a new thing coming out for that.
So, if that is going to have Mappy and some of these games in it, when that collection is going to be $30, maybe $40 tops, why would I buy one game for 500 points when this is likely to... And again, I don't know a lot about it, but I think I heard there's one being developed...
Why would I do that?
Why wouldn't I just go buy the PS3 one just like I would say go buy the Sonic Genesis Collection?
I would actually buy individual games on here because I don't know if you remember.
This is an old example.
You remember when I was scrambling like a chicken with a head cut off to try to find the entire Namco PlayStation series?
And I think I'm like missing the O.
So I have some of the rare ones, and I was also looking for the trademark symbol that was only on Japan.
Or the restricted symbol, or whatever.
But there's games on those compilations that I wanted that we didn't get on the US versions, you know.
And it would be far cheaper for me to have my compilation and then just get the couple of them that I don't have.
You know, so like for Tower of Druaga, you know.
True, I have that on the PlayStation 1, but...
It's not always convenient to hook up my PlayStation or deal with backwards compatibility or any of that.
I can see that.
I can see that.
And you know, something like Space Harrier, as much as you love that game, I can see why you would want to get that.
I seriously can name off multiple versions of Space Harrier that I have.
And what's one more?
I've got it on Saturn, I have it on PC Engine, I've got it on 32X.
Okay, it's only a three hour show.
The 32X version is arcade perfect, by the way.
You can actually change it into Insert Coin instead of Press Start.
Nice.
But I was going to say, you know, and I think one thing that I don't believe made our show roll tonight is about the Final Fantasy games.
All the old ones are going to be, were officially announced that they're coming to Virtual Console.
I'll pay the money for Final Fantasy 4 and 6 again, even though I already own those games.
I own 6, the cartridge somewhere, and I own 4.
Final Fantasy 5 I got 4 on the Wonderswan Color of all things I've got 4 on the DS I'll buy it again on Super Nintendo that's how much I fucking love that game especially if they release although I have a feeling we're going to get the Bastard Eyes 2 that was the first release here because it is a virtual console but especially if we got the Japanese re-translation oh my god I'd be so excited if I had a perfect translation of Final Fantasy 3
I would be freaking in heaven, but you know what game that I totally wish that they would bring out, translated, is Seiken Densetsu 3.
Hi people, there is an officially, there's a fully sprite hacked everything translated version out there, just say, let us use that please.
Or just fucking use it because it was your game in the first place, you know what I mean?
I think they would have every right to just use it.
What could the translators do?
Geez, sorry we copied your game and ROM dumped it and then translated it and released it to the entirety of the internet, right?
That would totally not get Nintendo any friends.
Well, but still.
But still, my point is there that it exists.
People did this in their spare time.
Why can't Nintendo pay someone and just crank it out?
Pay them a dollar.
Yeah.
I don't think we'll see that ever.
Well, we may eventually see it, but it won't be for a while.
Never say never.
We did get Final Fantasy V. We did get Final Fantasy III.
That's true.
Eventually.
I actually have that game on Famicom.
Never say never with Second Detsetsu.
Never say never.
And that could be a thing that they would be holding back for E3.
But, you know, I don't want to get anyone's hopes up and I doubt it, but, you know, you never know.
That and Earthbound are like the two things they could pull out of their pants and lay on the table and they would just like, oh my god, Phantasm.
Either one of those things.
Seriously, it would be so much wank.
For real.
For real.
Speaking of so much wank, there's another game that will not be coming to a Nintendo console soon, at least not through legitimate means.
But now, thanks to a coding competition, there is a new application, Kama Sutra, for the DS.
Yes, with this, you can actually see visual representations of all the different Kama Sutra positions and can learn about the pros and cons of them.
No, they'll release it in the States.
They'll just call it Sex Training.
Yes, my personal trainer, Kama Sutra.
They'll just rename it Yoga for Adults.
My personal trainer, ButtSex.
Wait, is the gay Kama Sutra part of this?
I don't know.
I haven't downloaded it.
I just haven't gotten a chance to load it on my card yet.
There's actually some other neat things that came out, but I can't remember what they were for the coding competition.
Robert M in chat is kind of referencing our last little bit there where we were talking about Earthbound and how it would just become fanboy wank all over the places.
That was announced for E3.
And Robert M says, True.
And Bobby did make a very good point, and I'm not going to deny that.
There's a lot of shit they got away with 15 years ago they probably couldn't get away with now, especially with Wii getting sued as much as it does.
However...
If they wanted to take the time to go back and recode some things and redo some things, which wouldn't be that much time at all, considering how much this would sell, and then just kind of not tell people that when they announce Earthbound, that they, oh yeah, and we changed it a lot, they'll still be wank all over the place.
They did the same thing with... Tecmo Bowl.
Wave Race 64.
Yeah, I mean, it's not unheard of for them to change games.
Granted, there'd be a lot to change.
But they could do it and probably make a killing on Virtual Console.
They just wouldn't advertise that they went back and changed stuff because all the purists would be up in arms.
But it's better than nothing.
Right?
The purists would be up in arms anyway.
And you know what?
To hell with it as long as we get it.
We'll see.
It depends how much they mess with it for me.
But we'll see.
More stuff out of Game Developer Conference.
And this is also from Nintendo.
A game called Rock and Roll Climber.
Rock'n'Roll Racing or Snake'n'Roll
No, this is a whole new game.
Whole new IP.
So props to them for doing a new IP.
But it's called Rock and Roll Climber.
It's a balance board game that you use the balance board and the Wiimote and Nunchuck.
And you do these arm movements to climb up a wall.
The balance board reads your leg movements.
The Wiimote and Nunchuck read your arm movements.
And apparently, here's the weird thing.
Once you get to the top, you get a guitar and you play a riff.
So, I'm assuming there's some type of music fusion with this game.
I know they didn't say a lot at GDC.
Maybe this is one of the things they're going to be showing more at E3.
But I imagine they're incorporating, I mean, to call the game Rock and Roll Climber, they're probably incorporating music into this.
Now, maybe it's that you have to climb on beat or something like that.
I don't know.
It could be anything.
But I'm sure we'll see more of this.
You just have to wail hard.
That's right.
Just flail about aimlessly.
No, but I'm sure there's some type of rhythm.
I'm still waiting for Air Guitar Hero.
We just don't know.
They have an air guitar mode in Guitar Hero.
It's actually an air guitar machine that you can use live.
It just takes away the instruments that they have.
Anyhow, there you go.
Rock and Roll Climber coming out probably this summer or something.
I may add it looked like crap last year.
Also, and it's a WiiWare title, and it looked like... Oh, I didn't even catch that.
It's WiiWare?
It's WiiWare.
Oh, I didn't catch that.
It's absolute crap.
Oh, yeah.
And everyone's like, oh, maybe it's a sequel to Ice Climber.
No, they would never do anything that cool.
DarkTetsuya says, Sky, the game kind of gives me a vibe of the old school NES version where it's just cute.
Congrats on beating the level animation.
Well, maybe.
That's basically it.
It's just another way to say, look, it's another thing you can use the Wii Fit Board for.
You can be fit and climb walls because people like climbing walls.
The whole guitar thing sort of really makes me go back to a Strong Bad thing with the cheat.
Here, the short have a trophy!
I'm sorry, I only want to climb walls if I'm going to be chased by an American Gladiator while I do so.
There should be Frank mode where you can climb a curtain and then it falls on you and you die.
And if you catch that reference, you're awesome.
Yeah, you're super awesome if you catch that reference.
I caught that reference and I don't even know what it's from.
Well, I do know what it's from, but I've never even seen the source material.
Alright, forget it.
Let's move on.
How about something crazy?
And something that we already have in America, but hey, our friends in the UK are finally getting it.
You get Dementium where you can be loony.
It's actually Dementium the Ward.
It's for the DS.
It will be out on April 17th, two days before my birthday.
But yeah, we've had it since October.
And it's been in Japan since summer.
But if you want to be in a survival horror game where you can fight spooky monsters in a mental hospital and not know how you got there, get this game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You're so mature.
As we hinted earlier, the possible outcome of my console... I may remind you, Rob, this console has died once and come back to life.
It's the Jesus console, okay?
Did it take you three days to revive it?
Yes, it did, actually.
Um...
But there is some striking questionnaires that have been filled out and people's input put in place.
Both Joystick and Engadget have run polls regarding the E74 error, which is, as Microsoft puts it, a general hardware error.
General Hardware Error, you say?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But the E74 errors are not part of that three-year warranty.
They're just part of the one-year warranty.
Is this a way for Microsoft to get out of warranting those consoles that would normally be under the red ring, but now they have reprogrammed the error display to just do this E74 error instead of the three red lights?
Kind of a way to save some money if you think about it.
So it's actually the same errors, but displayed a different way.
This is all conspiracy, though.
Here's my question about the polling.
My initial thought when I saw these polls is how accurate is this?
To post this on a video game website, have you had this problem, yes or no?
How many people are actually going to click yes to that survey as opposed to those that are going to click no because they're pissed off?
I think for that reason alone, the statistic is skewed completely.
The problem, I think, is... I don't know what the actual statistics are.
I do know that there are a lot more of them now than there were before, which is a little kind of, huh, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I've actually, you know, most of my consoles have died either with the three rings of death.
I've only had one that didn't die that way, and it never actually popped up in error messages because I lost video.
So if it did, I would have never known.
But I'm not surprised that something like this is going on.
But who knows?
I mean, this may become the new red ring of death thing, and, you know, now it's the E74 error.
And it also could be, you know, a way to say, hey, look, you know, statistics...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
But really, they're just kind of shuffling to the side.
That's shady.
I hope it's just a conspiracy you're talking about there.
TigerClaw in chat makes a good point.
Microsoft will have to repair the console with the E74 errors regardless.
They don't want to end up with more bad PR.
Isn't that true?
One way or another, they're going to have to fix them anyway?
But these consoles are past... That's the thing, though.
They don't have to fix them because there's a three-year warranty on... But if all these consoles start showing up with the E74, aren't they going to... If they're newer consoles or what have you, aren't they going to have to fix them anyway?
Well, if they're in the one-year warranty, otherwise you have to pay $100 to fix it.
That's where they get you because it's not the three rings.
But it would be just like before.
They were trying to charge $100 to all these people with the red rings and the internet revolted.
Isn't that same thing going to happen?
Yeah, but prove it.
I mean, that's the thing.
They're going to have to prove it that that's actually going on.
And I just find it a little shady that there's this error message that has the same description as this other error message that's really bad.
It's like, well, it's a general hardware failure.
so okay what's that mean you know is it is it has this any different than you know three rings well it's a general heart failure of you know the graphics chip or you know the scalar chip or something else it's like well that's exactly what the other one was so how's this any different oh it's not okay
I don't know.
I just hope I don't ever get one of these.
I don't know.
So, I don't know.
Makes me think of that 3x3 eyes.
Yeah, I think it's different.
I think it's different.
On the PlayStation 3, Winning Post World is a game coming out from Koei this week on April the 2nd.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
Douala Doui, Winning Post World also comes out on the Wii.
Whoa, whoa, is that Douala?
Yeah, Douala.
That's a mascot.
Yeah, a little koala bear for their team.
I think for the fighters.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, I actually, a while back, I had a little keychain thing that someone sent me.
So I thought it was cool.
It got stolen.
Aw.
Winning Post World also makes its way to the PlayStation 2.
This is hitting multiple systems this week.
I'm not exactly sure exactly what... Oh, this is... Oh, it's a horse racing game.
I was going to say, is it the same thing as Winning Eleven?
But it's not.
It's a horse racing game, but it looks pretty intricate.
Sakura on horses?
That's awesome!
Isn't that just Polo?
No, that's Croquet on horses.
Yeah, that'd be Croquet on horses.
That's a very good description of Polo.
Croquet on horses.
Why is it not more popular here?
It sounds kind of awesome.
Anyhow, on the Nintendo DS, coming out in Japan on the 2nd of April, Disney Fairies Tinkerbell comes out as well as another Pachislot game from Dorosu.
Also, Pro Yaku Famitsu DS 2009 comes out from Bandai Namco, which is yet another baseball game coming out from Namco with little chibi characters in it.
On the PlayStation Portable, which is the last system we cover over there, the Legend of Heroes, a lot of them move into price reductions.
And that's really it, unless you want to get some new covers for your PS in black, silver, and white.
That's really it.
So I guess Tinkerbell definitely seems to be one of the highlights on the Japanese release calendar this week.
Things look a little better next week though.
It's a slow week.
Is it?
Yes.
How about going in another direction?
How about it?
For our friends in the UK on the 27th we have Battleforge for PC, Don King Boxing so you can have bizarro freaky hair.
I guess and then Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Echoes of Time for DS and Wii Goblins 4 for PC Wheelman on PC Xbox 360, Playstation 3 and well this one doesn't have a date on it it might have already come out, Crimecraft also though on April 3rd we get Disgaea DS in the UK Ninja Blade on Xbox 360 and the Nintendo DSi
Also a Valkyrie profile, Covenant of the Plume.
All right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Oh, you haven't heard of Jumping the Shark yet.
Guess what else they trademarked already.
Oh, God, what?
Crafting Mama.
Scrapbooking Mama?
No, Crafting Mama.
She's going to make crafts.
Mama Goes to Michael's?
I want to see, like, you know, Paladin Mama or something like that, you know, where Mama's in, like, a role-playing game.
I want to see Godzilla vs. Mama.
No, no, no, I want to see DM Mama, where she's running the game.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
She slays the dragon.
Uh, Tokyo Beatdown, a traditional kind of beat-em-up fighting game, or fighting action game.
Coming from Atlus for the DS, which is pretty cool.
This is good, our music fans will love this.
Major Minors Majestic March, coming out on the Wii.
You may remember the creators of Parappa the Rapper created this.
Oh yes, I do.
Yeah, marching.
We haven't heard a lot about it since.
Marching band game, yeah.
Bobby, you listening?
It's a marching band game.
I was in marching band.
Me too, but Bobby still does it, I think, to some extent.
No, I know he plays drums in shows and things, mostly like musicals and things like that that come through his town.
Actually, if I was still living in Alabama, I'd be in the alumni band.
I could swear, and he's going to pop in chat any minute, I'm sure.
I could swear he talked about drum corps.
He still does stuff now and again with that.
And that's kind of marching band.
Leisure Suit Larry boxed off his bus coming out on the Xbox 360 and PC.
No nudity in that game, so I have no interest in it whatsoever.
Don King boxing also coming to the DS.
Yippee.
Cradle of Rome coming to the Wii, which is another one of those bejeweled knockoffs.
Let's see here.
And then...
Vomit?
Like crap.
Okay, this is kind of, well, another Dance Dance Revolution game.
Disney Grooves, now for the Wii.
Haas Party 2 with Disney characters now.
This isn't a game, but I thought I'd mention it because it's pretty cool.
Mad Catz has a new charging dock coming out that charges two controllers.
But what makes it special, though, is it's the Rayman Rabbids charging dock.
So there's a Rabbid sitting there yelling at you.
Unfortunately, it doesn't make noise because that would be awesome.
and then one last game coming out a week from today Rhythm Heaven and of course to tie along with that the Nintendo DSi coming out in black and blue well that's why this is a slow week because you have those two bombshells coming out yes the DSi is going to be pretty big and then yeah that's pretty much it for right now wow
Now, of course, us talking about the MAMA games.
You spawned everybody in chat talking about MAMA in games.
But I think my favorite MAMA game that came out, I mean, we had 2DX MAMA.
We have Poppin' Music 18 MAMA, MAMA in Space, Neon MAMA Evangelion.
My favorite, though, from GS68, this is definitely my favorite MAMA title, MAMA vs. Capcom.
Outrun Online Arcade
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
and Cell Factor Psychokinetic Wars, apparently.
I could use a fun, silly little racing game that's not too serious.
Like, a lot of the Xbox 360 racing games are too serious for me.
I could use a fun, silly little one.
There's a bunch of stuff that's listed on here that's supposedly coming out this week.
I'm not sure if all this is.
Banjo-Tooie, they're saying.
I don't know.
That sounds kind of weird.
I know one of these titles that's on this Kotaku list is not correct.
Duke Nukem Trilogy.
That's not coming out until September.
It's funny.
It's coming out April 1st.
Yeah, April 1st.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Except Yaris.
DarkSakura What is your classic game of the week?
My classic game of the week is Twinbee!
Which, of course, we saw a while back when it's labeled as Rainbow Bell.
I always remembered it as Twinbee, so whatever.
Is that familiar?
Anybody that's played the Bomani games long enough has heard some form of the Twinbee theme in the game.
This is the thing that annoys me about Twinbee, is that every time you get a damn power-up, it plays that little noise and starts the music over.
But anyway, Twinbee is a game where you play as a little ship with arms, and you shoot bells for your power-ups, and you change the color of your bell.
Actually, they pop out of the clouds, and you shoot the clouds, and the bells will change color, and you'll get a different power-up.
But you just have to keep shooting it until you...
until you get the one that you want.
But if you keep shooting it, it'll change into a symbol that will kill you.
So you can play as... You've got two characters in here you can play as.
And it came out for the Famicom.
It came out actually in the cartridge and disc format.
The MSX came out.
It was, of course, arcade.
And then we also saw it twin be portable for the Sony PSP and the Konami Classic Series arcade hits for the Nintendo DS.
Now, I bring up Twinbee because Twinbee leads to actually the one that I like better than this.
Can I say this though in chat real quick?
We have somebody saying, isn't this Stinger?
Yes, we got it as Stinger.
So in the US it was called Stinger.
Yeah, in the US it was Stinger.
But now let's move forward.
Sure, let me queue up the other game here.
Tell them a little bit about this.
The other game, now this is the one that I like better and one that my husband and I played the crap out of last night, is Detona Twinbee, which is...
They actually came out in Europe as Bells and Whistles.
So, anyway, um, this is a sequel to the original Twinbeat, um, but the arcade and Famiclone versions, and it plays pretty much the same, but it has much, much better graphics and music in Project NC.
Um... Yeah, I've never seen this game before.
This looks pretty sweet.
For an old-school, like, you know, 16-bit era game, this is pretty sweet.
It also had little cutscenes that were in between levels where you could see different characters hanging around.
Actually, one person plays as Twinbee, the other one plays as Winbee.
And you can also get a ghost pilot, which was... Oh, God, now I can't remember what it was called.
Because it's definitely not in the article I'm looking at, but the green one?
Do you know what the green one is?
No, I never played this game.
Anyway, you can also get a sort of ghost pilot that will hang out with you.
And it brings in the pilots of Twimby and Wimby, which is light and pastel.
Also, you can actually get this game in the Twinbee Deluxe Pack for PlayStation and Saturn.
It will be portable for PlayStation Portable.
PSP, sorry.
The version that I linked here is the PC Engine version.
It also came out on the X68000.
And it's actually out on Virtual Console now.
So you can get it, too.
Um...
Another thing that was cool about this one is that it actually led to a Twinbee OVA.
So that was actually kind of cool.
Whenever I think of Twinbee, this is the game I actually think of because it was so much fun.
Some of the power-ups you can get are so cool.
You've got a shadow.
I think the shadow is if you hit... No, red is you get a barrier.
Purple is the...
and so on.
And it's cute.
And it's super cute.
But don't, don't, don't, don't, you know, think differently because it's cute.
It gets hard.
You get flying, like, where I died is when all these freaking chickens appear in air and run at you.
You know, I think I died in Zelda that way once.
Seriously, it's like, oh, flying around.
Chickens!
Run!
Dead.
Die.
Yeah.
And of course, it's got cute little voices, too.
And the music in it is just freaking fantastic.
So, it's Datana Twinbee.
Alright.
There it is.
Konami, give us a new Twinbee!
There it is, folks.
Your classic game of the week.
Twinbee, Stinger, Rainbow, Belle.
More importantly, the game that inspired Datana Twinbee for the PC Engine.
Yep.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
That's going to be a hard one for folks to find.
Last week was easy.
You did what?
Secret of Mana?
Or two weeks ago because we weren't here last week.
You did Secret of Mana two weeks ago, right?
If you've got money.
Yeah.
Well, or Virtual Console now.
Oh, true.
But I was really referring to playing it on the sneeze.
All right.
Well, there you go.
I will say you can get a PC Engine core graphics for not too much money if you know where to look.
Which would be where?
Are you going to share?
Um, was it Pink Elephant, I think, was the company?
Pink Godzilla.
Pink Godzilla, that was it.
Oh, the folks that were at PAX.
Um, we got ours at Classic Gaming Expo a while back, so I'll see if I can't find the name of it and put it up on the forum.
Um, also, oh my god, you've got an SUV on a building.
Anyway, um, my...
That's awesome.
Okay, I'm being distracted by falling cars.
But also, the HuCard for Twinbee actually shouldn't be that expensive if you have someone buy it for you in Japan.
I don't really think the HuCard's that expensive at all.
I will tell you one thing.
If you're trying to play a HuCard on an American system, none of the converters really work.
Even if you've got that Leet Purple one, it's freaking expensive and it works half the time.
So don't even bother with it.
Just get a PC Engine.
The end.
Alright, well we're going to take a break here and come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
There's still plenty we have yet to discuss this week.
We haven't even gotten to some of the PlayStation news that came out of E3.
We're going to talk about a little bit of, what is this, CrossEye, She, XE.
We're going to try and make some sense out of this and what it's all about right after a quick break.
So we'll be back in just a few minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Unless you're on the podcast, then it's only a few seconds.
So we'll be right back.
JustinTV.com
Where, uh, tonight you're not looking at our ugly mugs doing the show, we thought maybe there'd be something a little more exciting if we, uh, have a video, well, A, I actually lost the camera, but I think this is actually working out, where Loki's actually playing a game during the show, and tonight he's playing Grand Theft Auto 4, but he's playing a special version, uh, that he hacked, the Xbox 360 version of Grand Theft Auto, and it has super uber physics in it.
Yeah, if you're a fan of the PC version, it has the Super Comet, which I added those physics to the bus and to the ambulance, and then I modified the Mac 11 in there to have a pretty fast...
Fire8, and almost a thousand rounds in a clip.
And then my punching has a physics force of 60,000, so I can punch cars into space, basically.
All right.
So you're going to continue to play that throughout this show.
But you've got to pause it and do some news.
We want to talk about some Sony news here real quick.
So there's this alternate reality game that's going on in home right now.
Thanks, Sony.
The game is called, well, it's XI, or she, or as I'm calling it, Cross-Eyed.
I don't know, the symbol itself doesn't look like XI, so I don't know where they're getting that from.
It kind of looks like an hourglass or something, but whatever.
but anyways they have a trailer that was released I guess and I haven't really gotten a chance to do any of this but apparently they have like a weekly recap and there's some sort of like clues you need to find and they have a ticker and stuff so um
So you said it's the Greek symbol?
It's the Greek symbol, so it's Ski.
Huh!
Greek symbol, really?
Yes.
Hmm.
I wonder if this has to do with anything that's probably going to tie in with an announcement for God of War 3, or at least a release date or something like that.
I wonder, I wonder, I wonder.
Ooh, you're smart.
Really?
No, it's smart.
And it's the summer right now, so July.
Anyways, so I don't know what exactly this is going to be unveiling.
I'm sure it's going to...
Waste enough time to E3 and maybe they'll make some sort of announcement that ties in with everything.
But hey, who doesn't like a good ARG?
I mean, was it I Heart Bees or I Love Bees or something like that?
Yeah.
So cool.
If you want to check it out, just go in the home.
I should sue for copyright because that's how people mispronounce my name all the time is Ski.
It's Ksi.
Like K-S-I.
No, I think Loki hit the nail on the head though.
If it's for anything it is probably some type of underground campaign for God of War 3.
Yeah, sounds like it.
DarkSakura.com
All right, well, anyhow, let's talk about some other news at a Game Developers Conference.
It's coming out first in Brazil and then I guess some other markets maybe in South America or other places.
What's interesting, Quake, Evil Prey, and Action Hero 3D are some of the titles that are supposed to be already on the console by the time you get it.
It's not something that's supposed to compete with the Wii, the 360, or the PlayStation 3.
Apparently what this console is going to do, it actually connects to a large 3G network through a big cellular provider.
And apparently it's not necessarily about being the most powerful system out there.
But it's supposed to be about getting stuff through download channels to help combat piracy that goes on.
But this is interesting.
EA Mobile, Capcom, Namco Networks, PopCap Games, THQ, they're all on board.
And it's going to cost about $7 to $13 per game.
I converted to American dollars there for you.
The console itself, $264 American though.
The question though, I mean...
I'm not really familiar with mobile games too much.
Is there really that much piracy of mobile games?
I mean, I would think that they're not losing that much money on that stuff.
That's just my thought.
YYR in chat has a funny thought about the trophy room, that you'll have to buy the trophy room for 99 cents, and then you'll have to buy the bookshelf, put the trophy on for 49 cents each, because they can each only hold three trophies.
I thought he was being serious at first, but no, I don't think that's real.
Anyhow, so yeah, there is a new console coming out, just not in the part of the world where most of you are from, but I do know we have some international listeners, so maybe this is something some of our international listeners might get their hands on and see if it's worth it or not, although probably the folks listening to this program are already importing the more expensive stuff, but you know what, $260 whatever dollars American, I think $599 Brazilian for that system is a bargain compared to what you would pay for a lot of the consoles imported down there, so something to think about.
There's actually some news on the more conventional system front.
There is a Katamari Damacy tribute coming to PlayStation 3.
The original version is supposed to be in Katamari Damacy Tribute, where it will be presented in 1080p and have a new visual presentation.
That's a quote.
It's going to have remixes from the previous titles, as far as the music is concerned, and it's...
I'm guessing it's a big Katamari mashup.
Yeah, I think it's a bunch of the levels from the other games.
Wish there was some new stuff.
It's still going to be fun.
Oh yeah, I'll have to pick it up.
Weird Six Axis stuff.
SuckSaxis
I just don't understand.
I would think they'd make more money at retail if they brought it out.
But maybe they just want less packaging or something.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Something else that's coming in the way of the PS3 and we were talking about Home a little bit earlier.
They're going to get some new spaces actually including Guitar Hero themed space called Backstage with Guitar Hero and of course they're going to have
All the House of Blues kind of stuff.
I guess one of the levels from the game.
There's also a VIP space in the back, which is sealed off by a velvet rope.
I'm not sure who they're going to have back there.
Other than that, there's going to be a mini-game or something like that.
Rock God, which is kind of like Simon.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
or anything like that.
Wasn't there this whole thing though that you were going to be able to launch PlayStation games from within home?
Yeah.
Well, I guess you still can kind of do that, but I don't know.
You just don't see a lot of people actually doing that compared to, I don't know, Xbox 360 just kind of seems to make it all easy.
You know what I mean?
It's just like home is like a big non-necessity, I guess.
I mean, it's cool.
It has a lot of potential, but they're not really using it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Well, PlayStation Home is just going to keep growing, you guys.
There's the Red Bull area, there's the Resident Evil 5 area, Warhawk, now Guitar Hero.
Guess what?
Apparently, according to Jack Buser, who is the director of PlayStation Home, he talked about a game developers conference this week.
You will see about, quote, three new spaces launched a month.
www.DarkSakura.com
and 75% of the users will spend more than 10 minutes on the space.
And like I said before, despite the quality, the fact is you go into these spaces and it's like a giant advertisement for the game which you might be more likely to buy.
Is that 10 minutes part of the downloading the space or the waiting for the lag?
Mine don't take that long.
Watching the loops of Twilight over and over?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
They show new movies on there now, don't they?
I saw Mall Cop in there for like two weeks.
Alright, well anyhow.
Well, you know what's better than everything in the universe?
Cake.
Zombies!
Zombies with cake?
Ooh, that would be fantastic.
Zombie cake party.
I love loathing zombies.
There is a newcomer to the PlayStation Store that's called Burn Zombie Burn.
It's, of course, on PS3.
There's also, though, to go along with that is downloadable content for LittleBigPlanet, Pain, Resistance 2, End War, Call of Duty 5, and a PS1 copy of Magic Carpet.
Oh my god, I remember that game.
Burn Zombie Burn is by Double Six.
It's going for 6.29 in Euros at 7.99.
You have to hold off zombies for as long as you can.
The longer you hold them out, the higher score you get.
Where have I heard of this before?
Left 4 Dead?
The longer you hold off the zombies, the more content you unlock based on your score.
For Resistance 2, there's the Aftermath Map Pack and Call of Duty World at War will get Map Pack 1 and...
They actually have to pay more than we did on Xbox, but I think it's supposed to be much more touched up.
There's the Pain Smack Pack.
The El Chili Grande character, I guess for that, LittleBigPlanet, is getting a Buzz costume.
End War and Unreal Tournament 3 get the Veteran Map Pack and Titan Pack, respectively.
Those are free.
That's kind of neat that they have some Resistance stuff.
I have to actually play through that still.
Well, another thing for the PSP is Buzz Brain of the UK.
But that's for UK only, I think.
Break One Out Break One Out
and it's basically a breakout clone.
But what's unique about it though is there's this chick, Kitty, who looks like a cosplayer and there's revealing photos of her.
Except, you know, where all the naughty bits are covered with black bars, but she is naked in the pictures.
So basically you play the game and you unlock naked pictures of this one chick who I don't know, she's alright.
She's not hot, but
How's a cosplayer at your average anime convention could be?
Let me guess, somebody made this game just for the sake of making the first controversial, titty-filled community game, correct?
Probably.
But, hey, it's out there, and I think it's cheap.
I'm not sure if it's like two bucks or something, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyhow, YYR is saying that it was only up for a day or less.
Do you think this thing was already taken down?
I wouldn't be surprised.
It's alright.
It was crap.
I kind of wish I had downloaded it just to have it, but oh well.
Well.
Microsoft is in a little bit of hot water this week over something you've probably seen floating around the game blogs this week.
And this has to do with Lionhead Studios, who is, of course, a subsidiary of Microsoft.
They're the folks behind Fable.
And here's the interesting part of this story.
It has to do with a gay video game designer, and his name is Jamie Durant.
And he's actually going to be suing Microsoft for 45,000 due to hurt feelings, lost pay, discrimination, all due to his sexual orientation.
and this apparently happened after Microsoft bought Lionhead he's worked for this company for 11 years apparently and he says things began to get a little bit uneasy around there and starting around January of the last year he started getting abusive emails with subjects reading like me and my favorite men I'm Jim and I'm gay and he was given the nickname Fagboy Jim
He's apparently complained to the Human Resources Department, but nothing happened except a promise and a memo that was supposed to go around to the company about diversity in the workplace and all these types of things that companies usually do when they're panicked that a lawsuit might happen, and that the firm was supposed to update the policies.
None of this ever happened, according to the lawsuit.
And Durant also claims that he was the one who was offered counseling, which he said to that, they're making out that I'm the one with the problem.
Apparently he has been out of work suffering from depression for seven months and he's now seeking damages due to this.
but I don't know, here's the weird thing and the thing that's kind of weird about this is that Microsoft has kind of gotten praise from the Human Rights Campaign Foundation for the way they treat their gay and lesbian and bisexual workers before so is this a problem with one particular office?
is this a problem with Lionhead?
is this a problem with the employee?
there's two sides to every story, right?
is there something else going on here?
I don't know.
It's hard to say.
We're only kind of hearing one side of it.
They'd have to do a really thorough investigation to get any kind of actual point out of that.
The part of it that's interesting is the part that he's already been out of work for seven months.
And if it's due to this, it's got to be really bad.
It's got to be really, really bad.
But, I mean, and again, I don't know this guy.
I'm not going to slander this guy.
I don't know anything that's going on here.
But before, you know, and I think a lot of people might read this and go, oh, Rob's going to be pissed on the show because he's gay too.
He's going to throw a fit over this.
Not necessarily.
Because I also know people...
that sometimes like to be the victim.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I mean?
And when I hear this whole fact about he's been out of work for a long time, I start to go, you know, there could be another side to this coin.
I don't know.
I don't know the facts.
I'm not him.
But I do know that there could be more to this than meets the eye.
I would just hope to hell.
Maybe I'm just hopeful, and maybe foolishly so.
I'm hopeful to hell that in this fucking year 2009, we would just get past this stupid school playground bullshit.
I know.
Sadly, we haven't.
Not completely.
Maybe I'm just spoiled because I happen to work in a place where this shit doesn't happen.
And I'm fairly confident, almost 100% confident this kind of shit would not happen.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But, you know, there's two sides to every story.
Just because the guy filed a lawsuit doesn't necessarily mean it's 100% true.
I think that's one thing we have to remember, right?
So I don't want to lose my shit and start saying, oh, we should boycott Lionhead and we should boycott all these games.
I don't know.
Now, if it comes out through due process and in the court of law that, yeah, Lionhead did do something wrong, then I will lose my shit and prepare to say some choice things about the company.
But at this stage, it's a little early to tell, correct?
I agree.
Regardless, very disappointing that this lawsuit is filed one way or the other.
So, of course, you knew after a story like this could only come a segment of ours we love.
Really, my FU of the week is just people who don't want to look at the facts that want to use their own version.
Only a few people will really get the root of this, but it goes towards something that I have noticed that applies to politics, religion, and fandom.
Okay.
Don't twist things into your version of what they should be just to justify what you believe.
At least admit fact.
If it's what you believe, then that's what you believe, but at least accept reality.
That's all.
And also to being super exhausted all day yesterday and being sick from it.
Then
I personally do not really have any FUs of the week, things have been going fine, so I'll give you an FU to my incessant napping habit.
I nap a lot, and it's like screwing up my sleep schedule royally, so I need to stop that.
An FU to lack of motivation in my exercise program as well.
I need to get back on that.
Loki!
Um, FU to allergies, because my nose has been all stuffed up the last few days.
It's all windy over here.
That's it.
Alright.
That's going to do it for the FUs of the week.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
DarkSakura, speaking of Lionhead Studios.
Well... I am happy because I am still sort of playing this game when I can.
But there is actually supposed to be new downloadable content available for Fable 2.
And that is exciting.
They're still paying attention to us people who are still playing it.
Um...
It's supposed to be coming out in the spring, so I'm supposing early spring.
But there's nothing, I think not a whole lot that I'm seeing about what exactly it is.
They're just revealing, they're going to be revealing information on it.
But they say that it's supposed to answer questions if you've been a fan of the whole series.
And apparently it's supposed to be really dramatic, so I don't know.
But there actually, though, has been a statement by Jonathan Ross that he was offered a voice role in Fable 3.
So maybe there's a connection there?
Maybe there's something leading up into the next game.
Great, Fable 3.
Will it be exactly the same as Fable 1 and 2?
Well, 2 had a lot of differences from 1, I thought.
I thought they were very different.
Jonathan Ross is pretty cool
How cool is that?
And possibly soon enough, Doom will be released as well.
But, I mean, hey, Wolfenstein 3D, man, that takes me back.
One of the first games I actually edited levels for using their... I don't know if they released a level editor or if it was one someone else made, but pretty awesome.
And you can actually play it now on the iPhone.
And, damn, I can imagine that would probably run pretty well since the game is ancient.
but um pretty cool you can speculate what they're saying in German yeah and I guess it's free I'm not sure if this is like a free version of the game or if they're gonna do like a um you know oh it is free I guess it's actually part of an open source project so uh check it out free hey that's best price ever brave for free
Well, there's other games coming to the iPhone that aren't free, but they're very, very nostalgic nonetheless.
Mega Man 2 is out right now.
It's not coming soon.
It's already out on the iTunes App Store.
It's interesting, though, the way it controls, because since the iPhone doesn't really have any controls on it, which you would think they're going to release something eventually.
They can just plug into the bottom of the iPhone and voila, instant gamepad.
I don't know.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
TigerClaw on chat wants to point out, Loki, those games you were talking about before are $4.99 in the App Store, not free.
Maybe there's a free version or something.
Yeah, that's what I was wondering.
I was like, free?
But it said it was part of an open source project, and it said it was released for free, but I had my doubts, especially with Wolfenstein 3D.
They wouldn't give something like that away for free.
and of course our chatters are already talking about the Mega Man 2 thing on the iPhone and X-Link says do not buy Mega Man 2, it is hard to control Acidic Vampire says IGN gave the iPhone Mega Man 2 a 1 out of 10 and it's really awful to control not that I would believe everything that IGN says but in this case I would probably believe it the game probably does stink I can totally see how it would be hard to control especially given the way that it's set up I mean, is there a lefty mode in it?
I saw the joystick thing
I don't know.
It's a good question.
No, it wouldn't work.
Yeah, I don't think that game's going to be any fun to play on the iPhone at all, but hey, if you're that nostalgic and you need it in your pocket everywhere you go, go for it.
Or just get like a Game Boy or something, I don't know.
Emulate the bitch on PSP.
Actually, I'll tell you what Dan and I did whenever we won our Mega Man 2 fix.
We actually ordered a handheld Nintendo.
DarkSakura.com
Um, there's actually going to be a song pack that has Celebrity, Fat Bottom Girls, and We Are The Champions for, um, 440 points, um, for, uh, the pack.
Or you can buy each one for 160.
Uh, and they're gonna be 549 on, um, PlayStation Network.
Um, you actually will be able to get them on Wii as well for 200 Wii points.
and then there's supposed to be a new recording of the James Bond theme that's supposed to be available coming up soon I saw something on YouTube I don't know if it was that exact one I thought it was one that someone made how you can make your custom tracks or whatever and it was pretty awesome so hopefully it's the same one because that was a pretty awesome version of the Bond theme lots of liberties taken it looked pretty hard
Not quite as kick-ass on the rock band.
We get some interesting things, including Spongebob Squarepants music.
Who would have thought we'd see that in a rock band, but apparently we are.
The Spongebob Squarepants pack is actually going to be relatively cheap.
It's going to be...
99 cents per song or 80 Microsoft points.
And those include I Can't Keep My Eyes Off You, Best Day Ever, and Where's Gary?
And then other than that, Journey is going to be getting a song on there with Don't Stop Believin'.
And I guess also joining that would be Pat Benatar's Heartbreaker.
And that's coming as well.
And then some other stuff, Glass Vegas with...
Geraldine, and Come On Come On by the Von Blondies.
And that's pretty much it for this week, though.
Spongebob, that's weird.
Yeah, but Journey.
Freaking Journey's coming out, so who cares?
Exactly.
They could have put a better song in there, though.
You know what?
I actually agree.
I think Don't Stop Believin' is way too cliche.
And especially for a rock band, there's...
Yeah, Wheel in the Sky would be awesome.
But, you know, whatever.
I'll take what I can get.
I mean, who isn't going to want to bust out with Don't Stop Believin' at a Party, right?
I just see that one as being way too easy, even on Expert.
Yeah, probably.
Who knows?
Anyhow, this is the part of the show where we like to open up the old mailbag and read some of your emails that you send to us every week at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
So let's get into it.
First email comes from J-Rod.
Hey, OLR Crew.
I'm emailing to try to get your stance on this Guitar Hero vs. Rock Band war people are in.
I still don't see any differences between Rock Band's download content and a Guitar Hero disc.
It's both companies putting out new content to the player.
I don't even own Guitar Hero, but I at least think it's a good idea to let people without an internet connection actually be able to play new songs.
Look at Rock Band on the Wii.
Would you seriously be happy owning that when you see what's on the other platforms?
Then people complain, well, I only want three of the songs, I don't want to pay $50 for the whole game.
But then don't complain at all when they have to buy a new Wii Track Pack for a few songs just because it's the Rock Band title.
People say Activision is running the series into the ground by putting out more content, but isn't Rock Band doing the same thing, just not with a physical disc?
I don't see how a disc makes any amount of difference in the equation when it's still more songs and more content coming out by both companies.
Again, nobody made such a fuss with the ACDC pack or with the We Track packs the way they do with Activision.
The only one I would say is the ACDC pack because that wasn't available online.
But all the Rock Band track packs are just for people that don't have internet connections and some random stuff that's available for download content.
You do not need to buy it.
It's not its own... I mean, it can be its own game, which is fine.
But it's not basically...
and so on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Guitar Hero Metallica, Guitar Hero Van Halen, Guitar Hero Aerosmith, Guitar Hero Greatest Hits All stuff that's not necessarily available on their servers And granted, Greatest Hits are some of the older songs that were in the older games But, I mean, they could easily release that as download content for World Tour They don't need to have its own game And really, it's not adding anything, it's just a reskinned World Tour Just...
I do know of people who actually do not use live at all.
Who don't, you know, bother with it, who don't play online.
So for them, Guitar Hero actually is a better option, really.
But to finish up the email, because you actually did go on with a little bit more.
In the end, if you ask me, it all comes down to people crying about switching discs.
Are you kidding me?
I own both Rock Band games and don't have Rock Band 2 imported because it takes me six seconds to switch a disc.
I play a few songs I want on one game, then play a few songs I want on another game and some download content.
If you have friends over and the whole place just shuts down because you have to switch a disc, tell them to take their ADHD medication before they come over next time.
And that's the thing with Rock Band, you can import that stuff so you don't have to switch discs.
It's all, you know, you can dump it to your hard drive.
He completely missed the point of what he just said.
Well, the whole, I don't know.
The whole point of what he just said is that it takes six seconds to change a disc.
Yeah, and here's the thing.
It's all optional.
No one's forcing you to buy Guitar Hero or Rock Band.
So if you want it, you'll want it.
Cool.
If you don't want it, then don't buy it.
But don't feel that you're forced to actually buy this stuff because as soon as you start buying every single release that comes out just because you want to support them so they release whatever band you're waiting for or whatever, I think that's a horrible reason to do it.
Rock Band Plays Better Than Guitar Hero
In fact, I think Rock Band plays a hell of a lot better than Guitar Hero.
It just seems in general programmed to be more responsive, so I have a better time playing that.
And in defense of importing your Rock Band 1 tracks, it actually, if you want to mix and match bands from both modes, especially when you can create your own setlist, it actually gives you more freedom to combine it the way that you want to.
But hey, whatever sinks your battleship.
Well, the thing also with the importing on the Beatles version, I think that was a special deal that they had with, I don't know who owns it, I think it's Apple or something, Apple Music, that they didn't want it to be imported into Rock Band.
And it's not technically a Rock Band game.
It's just kind of like Rock Band presents the Beatles.
It's their own game.
It's their own kind of thing going on there.
So that's going to be kind of like an exception.
But if ever comes out that there's a Rock Band Metallica or something like that,
I'm pretty sure that we'll have, you know...
import functionality and that kind of stuff and then honestly I don't see them actually doing that I would see them releasing it as like an album you can download because I think that they would get a lot more hits because a lot of people are like I don't like this song I'm not going to buy Guitar Hero Greatest Hits because it only has a couple songs that I want on it well if you could download those songs individually at least you sold those two songs whereas someone might just avoid the package altogether if they can't separate them it's all about choice as Microsoft would say
Well, the next email is actually a short one, and I think this is addressed to Rob, really, because I don't think either of us were really boycotting, and he pretty much already answered it, but I'm going to read it anyway.
That's fine.
Now that the boycott is over, what are you most anxious to try out if you haven't already discussed it?
Bit.Trip Beat was one I was really looking forward to.
I also want to go back and check out probably one of the Commodore 64 downloads just because I want to see how well those came over.
I'm still kind of holding out for Impossible Mission.
I would like to be the one I would get, but I'm not opposed to going back and getting one of the other Commodore 64 greats like Last Ninja or Pit Stop 2 even just because I have memories with that one.
As far as the WiiWare games, I feel so far behind on a lot of those.
I don't even really know where to begin.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I used to buy every single Xbox Live Arcade game that came out and I really had to stop doing that because some of them were crap.
Yeah, I gotta watch out with going too crazy on the Wii.
But I'll buy good stuff as it comes out.
As I notice it.
There was another music game that had come out that I want to go back and check out that I missed.
And I don't remember the name of it.
Maybe somebody in chat will speak up.
But I distinctly remember there was some other type of beat game that had come out previously on WiiWare that I wanted to check out.
Last email.
This is from Spazinator.
Hi everyone at OLR.
I have a few questions for you three to mull over.
I'll try to keep this email as short as possible, seeing as most of the ones I've sent were a bit on the long side.
One, regarding PSN's high-velocity bowling, PS3's version of Wii Bowling, have you folks noticed any problems with the game?
Gameplay in and of itself seems fine to me, but I can see how a lot of people may have a problem with the game, specifically the characters within the game.
so the characters are basically stereotypes ranging from Latinos to 70s Black Panther-esque characters and even a gay flight attendant if it weren't for the stereotypes this would be a great game but as I'm actually embarrassed to say that I
but as is I'm actually embarrassed to say that I have this hell I don't even remotely resemble any of the stereotypes yet I find myself offended for the people that the stereotyping characters are supposed to poke fun of what is your position on this am I just overreacting or is there some cause for concern um
Don't be offended for other people, please.
Don't be offended for other people.
If they're gonna be offended, let them be offended.
You don't worry about it.
If you're not doing the offense, then don't freaking worry about it.
That's what I have to say.
You didn't make the game.
You bought it and you didn't know that it was in there.
You know, just roll with the punches.
Fucking deal with it.
It's there.
It's, you know, I personally, I crack up as hell at redneck stereotypes.
Seriously.
And I can say that's all my family, you know.
I know that not everyone from Alabama is stupid and inbred.
But I still laugh at Larry the Cable Guy.
because that's a parody.
You know, I don't see what the big deal is.
His name isn't Larry and he's not really a cable guy.
Exactly, it's parody.
It's perpetuating a stereotype for satire.
I haven't played the game.
I don't really want to make a comment on something I haven't really seen firsthand, but it doesn't sound like it's... As long as it's... There's a line, there's a real fine line, a real fine line between poking fun and maliciously
You know, hurting people.
And I doubt this game's trying to maliciously hurt people, if that makes sense.
But I don't know.
I'd have to see it.
It's a bowling title!
How could it be malicious unless it's just over the top with, you know... If the characters just look that way and may have a little bit of dialogue, that's just... That's just supposed to be fun.
You know, people need to really, I think, just toughen up and get the hell over it.
And you...
This is my opinion, again, I'm not telling you what to believe, but I don't think that one person has the right to be offended on behalf of another person.
Especially if there's a chance that they're not offended.
That's just me.
I doubt I would be offended by the little gay flight attendant or whatever in this game.
This is like every single game has those kind of stereotype characters.
Because people can identify with stereotype characters, you know, they're in movies.
I mean, how many stereotype movies are out there?
I mean, just like, all sorts of stuff.
It's just, it's part of everyday life in the media, unfortunately.
Even in Austin Powers, we had Foxy Cleopatra, and that was just a nod back to the 70s movies, you know, like the, what was her name, Pam Greer, you know.
Bobby in chat says, I'm offended on DarkSakura's behalf about offended people.
They can bite my ass!
Chew on that for a bit.
Seriously.
GS68 makes an interesting comment.
I don't know how far we want to go with this, but I'm going to open a whole can of worms.
Here we go.
GS68 says, by that same token, everyone who isn't not straight shouldn't have voted no on Prop 8.
I don't know, he used bad grammar here.
Should've?
That's not a matter of being offended.
That's a matter of a human rights issue.
That's apples and oranges right there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It was a very big thing.
It's a big human rights issue.
There's a difference, though, between... I know people who may not particularly agree with the lifestyle who voted no on Prop 8.
Just because it was a matter of human rights.
I don't know how far I want to go with this, but I can just say, you know, it's like, you know, obviously the issue is very important to me and the result was very, very, very, very, very disappointing.
And I even had some people tell me that, you know, they voted yes on it.
Like, I don't know, they felt the need to confess.
They voted yes on it because church or God told them to.
And it's so frustrating because it's like, think for yourself.
How would you like it if it was you?
DarkSakura.com
Currently, I have a relatively cheap Sony Bravia surround system, which I got from Target last year.
For the most part, it serves its purpose and sounds good, but there is one problem I've noticed.
Unless I'm playing a DVD and it's a built-in DVD player, I won't get surround sound as is.
In terms of input, the system has typical red-white RCA jacks.
Mini plug input like what you'd see on headphones.
Some kind of jack I'm unfamiliar with.
All I know is that it's the one iPods use for outputs, I guess.
In essence, is there a way to trick my surround system to accept stuff like my PS3 or 360 surround which supports sound output and actually hear it in my surround sound or basically in my SOL?
Any info on this will help a lot, thanks.
My recommendation is to go on eBay and look for a hardened Carmen receiver and just use your speakers and use that.
Sounds like your receiver doesn't actually have surround sound, maybe ProLogic, which would be why you don't have any actual digital or analog surround sound inputs.
Usually you would have an optical in, which you might see on the back of your PS3 or your Xbox 360 on the component cable and stuff like that.
Or sometimes a coax as well, which would be kind of like your RCA plugs, but they're orange.
So, um... I don't know.
If you don't have either one of those, you're probably not going to really get true surround sound unless they have some sort of surround sound mode in it.
It's going to have to be ProLogic, which you're just going to hook up through your standard RCA, red and white.
My initial thought with this was anytime you use a converter, you're going to lose some sound quality, right?
So, isn't that part of the problem, too?
No, it's just that he doesn't have an actual way to send the 5.1 signal over to his system.
Thanks for watching!
Tip from Tigerclaw here in chat.
The surround receiver must have optical inputs to plug the PS3 or 360 into it.
My receiver has one optical input and I have the 360 connect to it and it's outputting 5.1 surround in the games.
Actdeft is calling this call for help OLR edition.
Nice.
I still say, you can find a good used Harmon card and receiver for not that expensive.
The new ones, $700 each.
Old ones, anywhere between $150 to $300, and you will never regret it.
They're fantastic.
have you tried rebooting your router
I've heard all this before.
I love whenever I call Comcast to say the cable's out and that's the first thing they tell me to do.
I'll be like, okay.
Okay, I did it.
Still nothing.
And I didn't just do a damn thing.
I'm just sitting there going, oh, this still doesn't work.
What I do is I say, okay, please allow me to say before we begin this discussion, yes, I have reset my modem.
I've reset my router.
I have done a repair on the system and I've gone through all my network settings.
It is not on my end.
Tyto!
What?
They are still doing more first-person shooters in the arcades.
They did the Half-Life 2 Survivor, and now they've got one called Cyber Driver, which is a take on another first-person shooter game, but it's supposed to have five-on-five networked play and a different game system.
So you can see your battle damage in game.
So it's supposed to be pretty... The screen capture looks pretty cool, but I'm like, meh.
Because first person shooter is high, boring.
Unless they're Call of Duty.
But it could be cool.
I don't know.
Well, something else that's interesting, this kind of goes back to all this stuff we've been talking about, alternate services and stuff that are going to be not necessarily competing with consoles, but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Not necessarily Earthbound, might be part of Earthbound, but looks like Earthbound.
How exactly does the game look like Earthbound?
Is it just like the sprite-based modern... The sprite-based, you know, like set in kind of a city type thing looks very Earthbound-esque, like the sprites look very similar.
And they're wondering, could it be an Earthbound game?
Like maybe an Earthbound 4 or something like that.
Who knows?
Hmm.
It's cute!
And I really dig the font
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I looked at the screenshots, it did look a little bit cute.
Alright, anyhow, one more story for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And it has to do with other RPG series full of fanboy wank.
We've talked about Earthbound a couple times tonight, but we have yet to address the wank that is Final Fantasy VII.
And of course, how many Final Fantasy VII fanboys did not get the chance to fap to Advent Children?
Well, Advent Children complete...
is apparently the final end of the Advent Children saga.
Meaning that there is no more special editions or director's cuts or hidden scenes or any of that.
Advent Children Complete is the end of the line.
Which, by the way, did I not also read somewhere this week that they did confirm this for the US in June?
I want to say.
Yeah, but not the cool version with the Final Fantasy XIII demo.
Don't.
But if you're willing to settle for the one without it or don't want to deal with the import or what have you, you can at least get it there in June.
Yes, I'm not willing to settle for that, so import that bitch.
However, here's the thing.
Final Fantasy VII, however, as a whole, not done.
Nomura has actually come out and said there is still ideas for the next product in the compilation.
Of course, why don't you just do the Final Fantasy 7 remake and then everybody will wank everywhere.
That could be the next one coming.
Do you think?
Do you think for real?
I think that Final Fantasy 7 remake is just something that will only live on in that singular tech demo and in fanboy wank fantasies.
I think Final Fantasy 7 will be released on PlayStation Network around the time Final Fantasy 13 shows up, especially with the other Final Fantasies being confirmed for Virtual Console.
I think that's just a matter of time.
and there'll be plenty of wank and new wank as more people discover the series for the first time.
But I don't think that Final Fantasy 7 remake is going to happen.
But I'll tell you what.
All they would have to do is add tiny little things to Final Fantasy 7 when they re-release it on PlayStation Network.
Millions.
Millions sold to PlayStation Network.
Millions.
Just say you're going to up the graphics slightly and just put fucking smoothing on it or something and it'll sell zillions.
I want a new remake.
I actually do want a new remake.
Wink, wink, wink, wink, wink.
Seriously.
Well, keep in mind, Final Fantasy VII is actually one of my favorite RPGs ever.
It was one of the first ones I played on the PlayStation.
I bought the game before I had a PlayStation.
If that's any indication.
So I could play it at my friend's house.
I want Final Fantasy VI to get the love and adoration first before Final Fantasy VII gets it.
But Final Fantasy VII was really...
I want to say a milestone in the title and the fact that it brought it into the new realm of 3D, seriously.
And I enjoyed the story, I loved the characters except for Aerith who I was glad was dead, dead, dead, dead, dead after the first disc.
Then they announced Final Fantasy VII Earth's Return!
You know what I actually would not mind seeing?
So you can kill her again.
Is them putting in the quest that they took out for the US version where you go back and talk to her ghost.
Hmm.
That I would like to see actually a fully complete version.
I think that would be cool.
Bobby's in chat saying, I bought my PlayStation 1 for Final Fantasy 7.
Me too.
You may not know this, but me too.
I couldn't afford the system, but I damn well knew enough people who had one, and I bought the game.
Made myself broke because I was working at an arcade, but still.
It was super cool.
I was like, oh my god, it's 3D, and now I'm like, oh my god, it's blocky.
I'm offended.
On your behalf, I am offended for you Why?
I don't know, I was just going to say that Hey, what's up, it's Bobby Not much, hey Bobby, I'm glad you called Because you have us on your show every week And yet we don't get to hear from you all the time Usually because you go to bed, probably by this time But we got to the sky blind before midnight eastern tonight So I'm glad to hear from you What's up Bobby, what do you think of the show tonight?
I like the show from what I heard.
I had to go do other things, unfortunately, so I'll have to listen to the archive.
But no, I actually had a specific reason to call in and specifically talk about this on your show, because I heard about this on your show several weeks ago.
Okay.
And it's regarding iPhone games.
To preface this a little bit, Apple really takes their user interface and their user experience very seriously.
When you get into the iPhone developer program, there is this document you have to read through that says, this is the user experience we expect for every user of our device.
And there's one game that completely breaks this user experience, and I am very shocked that it's available on the App Store, and it's one game that your roommate, Rob, recommended on this very program.
Oh, really?
And that would be the role-playing game he was mentioning a couple weeks ago?
Arvale, A-R-V-A-L-E Arvale, it has a lite version and so I played the lite version before I bought the full version and he probably hasn't seen this because he said he bought the full version so he probably never saw the egregious insult to humanity that Arvale does strictly against Apple's user agreement so basically when you're playing a game on your iPhone or an iPod Touch what do you expect to happen when you hit the home button the big square button
You're going to go back to the main menu.
Exactly.
That's what you would think, right?
Right.
That's exactly what Apple wants all of their developers to do.
It has to do it within a certain time frame.
You have literally three to five seconds maximum.
to delete all your stuff, save everything, and go back to the home menu.
Well, Arvale decided that is the perfect time for them to try to tell you to get more money.
In the Lite version of Arvale, when you hit the home button, it loads up Safari.
So it goes to the menu, and then it loads up Safari, which then closes and opens up the App Store to a non-active URL.
so it goes to the homepage of the App Store.
I think they wanted to actually have it pop up the full version of Arvale so you could buy it, but this happens every single time you close the app.
Interesting.
I'm on an iPod Touch, so I don't know if it does that if you get a call, because I don't have the phone portions or anything.
Oh God, that would annoy me.
But yeah, so when you close the app, it
takes you to Safari first which then closes immediately and takes you to the App Store and it winds up that the URL it gives the App Store is not a valid URL so it just goes to the featured front page of the App Store.
Interesting.
No, I mean, you know, since John isn't as into the games as the rest of us are, he probably didn't even ever really notice this, or maybe just kind of put up with it because he enjoyed the game or what have you.
But that's fascinating.
Why do you think Apple, you know, aren't these things supposed to be, I don't know, but then again, the Apple Store is swamped with these types of games, so whatever review process they have can't be that thorough.
So I suppose that's why this type of thing didn't get caught.
But is it interesting that the game is still on the store after all this?
It's not that they're not thorough, because they would have seen this.
Because it does take several weeks to get approved to go on the App Store once you submit it.
I'm not exactly sure how much I can divulge of it, because there is an NDA involved and stuff.
But it does take a couple weeks, and they do go through and make sure that you're following their user interface guidelines.
There's several things you cannot do in a game, one of which I believe I can go ahead and say is you can't have any buttons on the UI that you can't use.
So you can't say this button is disabled in the free version.
You can't do that.
They will reject your game, and they do find that.
Wow, weird.
So they do go through and make sure that every...
in the game, in the Lite version of the game is usable.
You cannot have any feature that's there but not usable.
So they go through at least that much because I know a lot of people have complained about getting their stuff sent back because they don't follow these user interface guidelines.
So I have no clue how RDA Lite got away with when you close the game, it opens up to other applications.
I don't know how they got it.
But that being said, I did not play it again.
I deleted it right then.
I didn't bother trying any further.
So I don't know if it's any good or not.
Interesting.
Huh.
That is a pretty shady thing to do though with that.
That's unfortunate.
But yeah, I know he had the light version because he was playing it for a little while.
But maybe some of us kind of expect that that's what the free games are going to do when it's over if we haven't played.
So it's interesting to have that insider's perspective that they're technically violating the agreement.
Weird.
I wonder if anything's going to happen.
Yeah, I mean, I hope so.
I should probably report them and stuff.
But the iTunes reviews don't even mention it.
There's a
and then it opened up three other apps.
But this game is awesome.
JRPG and stuff.
I don't know.
Bobby, you're cutting in and out there a little bit.
I don't know what that was all about.
Maybe it's just... I don't know.
Maybe... I have no idea.
It's so weird that people would not call that out in the reviews either.
Now I kind of want to download it to see if it happens with me too.
Well, they have updated it, so there's no updates to mine still.
Bobby's cutting in and out really bad.
Bobby, can you still hear us?
Are you guys able to hear me?
Yes, we can.
You're just cutting in and out.
We have a lot of lag issues going on.
I don't know what's up with that.
Weird.
But yeah, maybe, I don't know, could it be that the new patch they put out maybe cut this off?
Thanks for watching!
So, you know, not a lot of people, I guess we could say, have done this and he wants to kind of show this off.
And maybe if we have another special game that we want to show, like a Tatsunoko vs. Capcom kind of thing.
We're doing fucking Excitebots when that comes out.
I'm telling you, Excitebots, hell yeah.
I don't think you can expect this from us every week.
No.
I just like tossing cards at people.
We don't have a switcher to switch back and forth from the game to the camera and all that stuff, so it's one or the other.
We don't have the fancy little three-camera setup that you have at the gaming arena.
As soon as we don't have the camera right now, this is what you're going to have to get.
And it's not a video show, and I don't think any of us want it to be a video show right now.
I think we're all interested maybe in doing it.
Well, some of us are interested in doing video content for the site, but not a video show.
It's Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, well, Friday Night Gaming is 8 p.m.
Eastern and 5 p.m.
Pacific on Fridays.
Awesome way to work in that plug, Bobby.
There it is in a now-featured Ustream channel, so you can watch it on the Ustream app on your phone.
All right, take care, Bobby.
Bye-bye.
He's cutting out there, even at the end.
What's up with that?
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Deathwishing.
Hello, Deathwishing.
What's on your mind?
Uh, I've been really pissed off since not last Thursday, but the Thursday before that.
Why is that?
Uh, well, if you didn't know, when the Call of Duty MatPat 1 came out, there were billing problems.
Did you guys hear about that at all?
No, but again, admittedly, I don't think any of us are rabid Call of Duty players, so fill us in on what's up.
Put it this way, I bought Microsoft Points during this time with a points card.
and I come home, right?
Just walking home because gas.
And I'm really excited.
Entering the code in.
I get my points, right?
And I'm like, cool, I'm going to get the maps.
It says points are added to my account.
Click the button.
Buy the map.
It says I have insignificant funds.
I'm freaking out.
Wait a minute.
Are you on Twitter?
No, I'm not on Twitter.
Okay, somebody on Twitter, on my Twitter, and I'm sorry, I think was having this exact same problem.
So yes, I do remember hearing about this, because didn't something break down with the billing service or something that night, and a bunch of people tried to redeem their points, they didn't get them?
Okay, somebody on Twitter was complaining about this exact same thing you're complaining about now, that's why I asked this.
So, okay, yes, I did hear this.
And I've been talking to Microsoft since then, and they firstly told me 5-10 days, and then after that they told me
I was going to get a call, and I got the call saying I had to wait two to three more days after that.
And then this Saturday was supposed to be the third day, which they said I was supposed to get the points.
Still no points.
I tried calling, and now they're not taking my call.
Wow, it's like a bad breakup or something.
Now they're just ditching your call.
And that's like $20, man.
I could have done a lot with that.
Yeah, so you never did get the points.
You never got the points.
Still waiting.
Wow.
You're lucky I'm a patient guy, too.
I'm wondering if it's more than, I mean, it's got to be more than just you.
I should figure out who it was on Twitter and follow up with them, too.
There's a bunch of people on the Xbox forums that were complaining, too.
Well, I'm sure.
Some people received compensation, some people still haven't.
Huh, so this doesn't have to do necessarily with Call of Duty specifically, it's just that it broke Microsoft's server somehow.
Well, and what it does have to do with Call of Duty is to do with all the people wanting to play Call of Duty.
I see.
I see.
Huh.
Well, were you ever able to get the map pack?
Did you invest the points later?
No, I still haven't gotten it yet.
Good for you holding out, because there's some people that are too passive, probably myself included, that would have just ended up spending the points when the building thing was fixed.
I've been playing Call of Duty 4.
Got it anyway.
Burnout Paradise.
Actdeft says, Major Nelson covered this in his Twitter.
Maybe it's the person you think it is, Rob.
No, I know Major Nelson was responding to it, but I distinctly remember there were people on my Twitter like, Major Nelson who took it and he's just sitting in his bathtub wiping his ass with $20 bills.
With points.
I somehow doubt that.
The poor guy has to... Look, I do not envy what Major Nelson does, okay?
Because he has to take the heat of the entirety of the internet.
And it's not him that's screwing up.
It's not him.
I'm not saying they pay him.
That's true.
He gets paid to do it.
But I don't envy him.
Major Nelson's not really a person.
He's just like the voice on the computer in Star Trek.
That's all he really is.
And what you see is just a hologram.
He doesn't exist.
It's all a lie.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and there could be kids you know that don't have there could have been kids buying the stuff they don't have that much money you know I know no I there's definitely a problem out there it's weird that I haven't seen this on a lot of game blogs but then again if I see Call of Duty 4 in the headline or Call of Duty whatever world well you know I probably scroll past it so just because I don't play those types of games myself so
Alright, well, thank you for helping to get the word out.
And by the way, about Final Fantasy 7, it's very emo and I did not like it.
10 was better.
Out of curiosity, how old are you?
Me?
Yes.
I...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I know, I know, but it doesn't stack up to today's games.
What I'm saying is that at the time, it was the shit.
Again, this is why I bought a PlayStation.
But again, it's not for everybody.
I admit that.
I don't think Final Fantasy VII by any means is the greatest game ever made or any of that.
Many sequels.
Makes me angry.
I like VII and I like X.
It is possible.
But I also liked Eleven for a little while.
Alright, anyhow.
Deathwishing, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls.
But thank you so much for calling and have a great week, okay?
Screw you, Microsoft.
Bye.
Bye.
Hope that stuff gets worked out.
That sucks that Microsoft is just kind of like... Especially the whole different responses thing.
That's kind of shady, in my opinion.
That's just kind of weird.
I think we'll do like one more call, guys.
Then we're gonna wrap up because it's like getting pretty late.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Is your microphone on, sir or madam?
They are not there.
I guess not.
I'll wait for one more call.
See what happens.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Take two.
Is it actually working this time?
Yes, it is.
Hi, how are you?
This is Jason.
I'm 23, and I'm an addict.
Oh, I mean I'm a Final Fantasy VII fan.
Did I get that right?
Close enough.
What's on your mind, buddy?
No anti-fan wank about Scratch tonight?
Yeah, you know, I saw the story in the thread and then I kind of, you know, but here's the thing is that I figured we kind of already talked about it a couple weeks ago.
I love how everybody's describing the controller and I have a fucking picture of it.
It's awesome.
I know, I kind of feel like we already covered it, like that this new thing didn't really show us anything we didn't already know or did you catch something we did not, which is possible.
Thanks for watching!
Uh, blah.
Well then, don't worry about if you're covering something we've already covered or not.
Tell us what you think, because this show is all about the user interaction anyway.
You are a long time Bomani fan.
Obviously, I met you through such avenues as DDR Freak and all this stuff.
I know you're a Rabid2DX fan.
What do you think of Scratch?
Where every gamer has a voice.
I...
I have the same feelings for it that I do for Rock Band.
I've said this many times before and I'll continue to say it.
I've played a lot of Guitar Freaks.
I've played a lot of Drum Mania.
Guitar Hero was really fun and then Rock Band blew everything right out of the freaking water.
It's a great game.
Rock Band 2 didn't change very much, but it's a great game.
I've loved the Beatmania series.
I have played one of each of them.
Beatmania original, yes, Beatmania Game Boy as Black Wolf showed off on Friday Night Gaming two weeks ago.
I've obviously played lots of 2DX and I've played a couple of Beatmania 3s including some songs with the foot pedal.
The thing that's different with Scratch is that I'm not looking forward to the majority of the song list because based off what the trailer revealed for the artists, I don't care for a lot of those.
I don't care for a lot of those artists.
And I'm hoping they bust out some really good electronic music.
Not gonna happen.
Because it's scratching, that's why.
There's not a lot of scratching in Electronica, but they are trying to feature stuff that would work with that.
Something to put in perspective as well, and as much as this hurts to say, this game was not made for you, and it was not made for me, and it wasn't really made for fans of Bomani who are kind of ticked off that Beatmania never really took off here because of what some would argue was a poor first showing.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Yeah, and the American DJ scene is a lot different than overseas scenes.
I'm pointing more at, like, UK and European.
Very true as well.
More than Japanese.
Very, very true.
They're gonna put stuff in it as long as you can scratch to it.
I mean, that's basically gonna be it.
And I hate, you know, reading that.
Everyone's like, oh, it's such a ripoff of Beatmania.
Yeah, it...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You can actually do, except this, you're actually performing them.
If you did this on a turntable, a real turntable, it would sound exactly the same.
And again, it's hard to say without playing it yet, but I would say it's very similar to how a lot of people when they first saw Guitar Hero were like, oh, it's just Guitar Freaks.
But then when you actually play it, you're like, but it's so much better.
What made... Well, that's kind of a bad comparison only, and the Guitar Hero did play the same, it just looked a lot better.
Because it had the whole 3D landscape and static scrolling.
And had a song list way better tailored to the masses.
Way better tailored to the masses.
And I completely understand that.
It's just kind of disappointing at the same time, because I would really love a DJ Sim.
But, again, I'm not sure that I'm going to be a big fan of the soundtrack, and that's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and yeah and I think the thing everyone's like getting all like a big ass boner for fucking you know DJ Hero and we don't even know anything about it yet they have a teaser page and they're like oh my god it's epic it's a teaser page it doesn't show anything it's the first of it's kind just like Scratch
Oh, oh, wait.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But it's going to be pretty awesome, and it really comes down to the song list and the marketing behind it.
They've got a good marketing team.
It's the marketing team of the Guitar Hero 2, and I think it's going to be really awesome.
And you haven't seen everything on it yet, and they're really going to start revealing a lot starting pretty much in April and on to the release, which was originally supposed to be in June, but now I hear it's sometime in the summer.
So, I don't know.
I have to reiterate, and I know you were talking, you targeted more the people who are
I really am looking forward to the game.
Great.
Absolutely great.
Baby steps.
Jason, we've got to wrap up and go so we can wrap up the show, but do you have any other parting thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I'm trying to think of something witty and nothing's coming to me, so I guess not.
Jason, when are we going to hang out again?
I haven't seen you in like five years.
You know, it's funny.
I was reading the stuff about E3 coming around again, and I kind of want to make that as a trip this year.
I think you should do it.
But I don't want to drive that long, and I probably would be driving.
and not to mention with the new house and whatnot, money, situation saving, blah, blah, blah.
I don't know, I'm trying to work on it.
We have some other ideas and I just need to set up and put them in motion.
The Southwest does have some steel deals.
Yeah, seriously, I think our tickets down the Southwest, because we're going down there for Nelly's birthday and for E3, is like $59 or $79.
It was ridiculous.
I flew to Burbank for $69 and that's like cheaper than what it cost me in gas.
and you guys would definitely be flying again to LA this year and not road tripping like we did yeah I haven't decided yet I might be road tripping I haven't decided yet if my husband comes with me then I'll be road tripping I don't know how much I want to get into my personal life but I might be going to Vegas right after for a personal engagement so if that's the case I'm going to fly oh I know what you're talking about they're reopening that?
I can't believe that that's cool
Anyhow, Jason, we've got to let you go.
If nothing else, you need to make it a point.
Bring Rai.
Come to Disneyland at some point.
That sounds pretty awesome, although I'm kind of a chicken on roller coasters, but hey.
Oh, it's Disneyland.
There you go.
That's right.
You tell them, Rye.
Okay, I am the world's biggest chicken on roller coasters.
And I get in the front for this damn thing.
That's right.
Me and Rye, California Screamin', front row.
Be awesome.
She'll enjoy that in about 30 seconds when it comes around.
I'm with you, Jason.
By the way, it's actually the sixth longest roller coaster in the United States.
Jason and Loki can hold hands in the back then.
Hey, we're not going to be able to go on rollercoaster rides.
All right, Jason, I've got to let you go, buddy.
Take care.
Bye, guys.
Bye.
What do you mean you're not going to be able to go on rollercoaster rides?
No reason.
Okay.
Anyhow.
Because I can't stand the adrenaline rush and Nellie gets sick.
She gets motion sick really easy, actually.
All right.
Actually, so do I, but not in the front seat.
You guys can just ride the fucking Pirates.
You can ride It's a Small World over and over again.
I fucking hate Small World.
When I rode in the middle, I'd get sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sitting in the front.
No problem.
Awesome.
All right.
That's it.
We got to wrap.
We're trying to wrap up, get out of here, and get to our afterbirth and all that stuff.
But we've had a wonderful show tonight.
Yes, Jamie?
I want to know who is interested in winning a TurboGrafx-16 with no controllers, no plug, no hookups, just a TurboGrafx-16.
And to go along with that, I have a Sega Saturn, the same deal there.
Because I have two Saturns.
Maybe we can sign them or something?
We'll sign them.
Even though I don't think our signatures are worth that much, but I'm sure some of our listeners would appreciate it.
Let us know in the mailbag who's interested.
I don't know.
There's people already saying me, me, me, me, me.
I'll take it.
I do.
Why the hell do you want our broken ass shit?
It's free shit.
Maybe I'll throw in some old E3 swag.
I have hella old E3 swag I'll throw in too.
We'll just have a win free shit from OLR and just send out grab bags of shit.
Bring your own plug.
Of shit.
B-Y-O-P.
Alright.
Lots of stuff.
Anyhow, not literal shit, by the way, you sick people.
Okay, last minute story, since I forgot to get to that.
DarkSakura, I think you said you had one that was a holdover from the mailbag.
Actually, that was it.
I have demographic 16.
I'm giving it away.
Loki, did you have anything tonight?
Good or bad, I'm not sure how you can take it, but it's supposed to come out around the same time as the movie, so within the next month or so.
Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 was announced, actually, I think last week, and there's some more information coming out about that.
The game, of course, is going to be kind of a port...
I don't know what Ninja Gaiden Black was to Ninja Gaiden Sigma, the first one.
Basically, they're going to take Ninja Gaiden 2 and they're going to add a bunch of stuff in there, including there's going to be Dead or Alive's Ayane in there as well.
They're going to bring back the chick from the first game, I think.
And there's also the female warrior from Ninja Gaiden Dragon Sword, which is on the DS.
So that's kind of neat.
Um...
Filefront is shutting down, so no more patches and demos from that site, which is too bad.
Speaking of iPhone games, Nobi Nobi Boy has been announced to be coming to the iPhone.
That's scary.
There's another thing, too.
They were saying that Nobi Nobi Boy, I guess...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then Rob kind of alluded to it a little bit ago that we're going to be seeing some Final Fantasy titles on the virtual console including there's I think the cell phone game that they had was sequel to Final Fantasy 4 the after years as well which is pretty sweet and of course one that I know Rob was excited about Hello Kitty Online has been announced to be coming to the US how did we miss that on show roll tonight I don't even know maybe I'm waiting for the game to come out itself
and one other iPhone app that I saw a little thing on.
Apparently, there's an iPhone fart app that had apparently... Well, yippee!
Apparently, the iPhone phone app...
and Aromatic, and that's the maker of Pull My Finger.
Apparently, they're in negotiations to settle the dispute.
Pull My Finger, once upon a time, I guess, was an application on the iTunes Store and apparently was being overtaken by iFart, which has now done $200,000 in sales since its release.
And now they're, I guess, saying that it's been kind of...
Ripping off of one of the other, I guess.
And there's some patent lawsuits, I guess.
I don't know.
Really, it's a farting app for the iPhone.
Do we really need this?
No, we don't.
Can I answer your question?
Alright, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts and we can wrap up and get the hell out of here for tonight.
DarkSakura.
My final thought is wine is tasty.
Did it help to chill the glass, Rob?
It didn't chill long enough
This isn't my favorite wine.
I can definitely tell leaving the bottle open really ruined the wine in a way.
Oh well.
Life goes on.
It was yummy on Friday.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is, and this is just kind of a PSA, but just remember that this Wednesday happens to be the first day of a certain month, namely April, which people like to pull pranks and announce fake things and whatnot.
So just be wary of anything that's being announced next week.
There's a very likely chance that it's going to be fake.
And most people, if they have something legitimate to announce, they're not going to do it next week.
So just be aware.
I got a thought for the contest of giving shit away.
If we wanted to take those things, the Saturn and the TurboGrafx, and take them to E3 and get Bobby and Scott and all them to sign it, then they might be worth a little more because they have all of our signatures on it.
And how often are we all under one roof?
Scott was on TV years ago.
His autographs were something, right?
I don't know.
We were on TV too, weren't we?
That's true, we were on the local news.
I was a wow expert on the news a few months ago.
Alright, forget it.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you next week.
We will be back next week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Remember, we do independent radio for your enjoyment for free.
We don't put commercials in the show or any of that stuff.
So if you like what you hear, please tell two friends about Orange Lounge Radio.
Help us spread the word.
Spread the love of independent podcasting.
We'll see you next week, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
