Tonight, March 8th, 2009, are Xbox elites on their way out?
New King of Fighters 12 details are revealed, and are our boy and his blob set to make a comeback?
DarkSakura
Interesting.
Interesting?
Interesting.
Interesting good or interesting bad?
Because interesting is a very interesting term.
Interesting neutral.
Okay, fair enough.
Suddenly I feel like we're talking about D&D alignments or something.
You're chaotic interesting.
It's funny.
I took a D&D alignment test and I'd taken the same one before and it came out chaotic good before.
This last time I came out true neutral.
But feelings change.
How long ago was it that you took the test?
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
How you doing, Techmaster Loki?
Fine.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You have a good week?
Yeah, it was a pretty good week.
I understand you finally got to Airsoft today.
Yes, finally.
How was that?
It was fun.
I don't know, we played like three games.
We played at a different place than normal because I didn't want to drive an hour to where we normally play.
So we played at a field next to my work.
And it was pretty nice.
And there's lots of rocks because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
There's cobblestone hills that we were on top of and there's a bunch of eucalyptus trees that they planted there for some reason so it's like a big jungle out there.
First person shooters for real, right?
Yep.
I got to try out one of my new guns and it's so awesome.
My other guns, my older ones, not so awesome.
and of course there's always you guys who join us here every week on Orange Lounge Radio when we tape live and you can join us in our chat room live chat.orangeloungeradio.com or we're on the Game Surge Network for you IRC fans at channel Orange Lounge and the first comment tonight from Shadowrunner Xbox is awesome until the red ring of death and then it's fail
Good point.
You know, the Xbox has taken a lot of crap for the Red Ring.
And sure, Microsoft's, you know, kind of done the whole, you know, oops, our bad, we're going to extend the warranties and all that on that.
But it makes me think of an article, if I can work in a cheap plug here, for the neworangeontradio.com website, which has actually been, you know, thanks to our new writing staff, has had a pretty constant stream of new articles.
Like I say, it's pretty awesome.
And one of them was written by Breslow earlier this week, and he was kind of talking about, is it just me, or are these new console systems...
Just not built to last, like the old ones.
He was kind of saying, I could probably still find a Nintendo that works, or a Super Nintendo that works.
And come to think of it, I was kind of reading the article and thinking, yeah, I don't think I ever, ever had a console break until the Xbox 360.
but then there's also another argument that says well look consoles broke all the time you just didn't hear about it because now the internet culture you know one person's console breaks in a you know over the top way and it hits every game blog on the internet and you know millions of people read about it kind of different interesting schools of thought
I don't know.
Old school 8-bit NESs might still work, but you still have to blow on the cartridge and blow in the system to get it to work.
Unless you're lucky enough to have a top loader.
With the 360, it's basically praying that it's not going to break.
It's like if you look at it funny, it's like, I'm going to die now.
I hope you're happy.
I know, you just kind of hope that it's going to last the full three years or whatever.
Well, it's just like the 360 that I fixed that's modded.
I'm just surprised each day that it works.
Because it's like, there's no reason that this should work, but it is.
Every day is a new gift.
Yes, exactly.
GS68 in chat says, hey, some of my Super Nintendo games don't work anymore.
Here's what I'm curious about.
Those batteries, remember how batteries were only supposed to last like five years?
The batteries that they have in the Zelda games or the battery backup?
Did anybody ever read the fine print that those things were only supposed to last five years?
Do some of those still work?
I've never heard of those batteries really failing.
My Zelda cartridge finally died.
Did it really?
It did.
Also, the same lithium batteries are used in the Sega Saturn.
Mine have had to be replaced a couple times.
Wow.
BlackWolf, plugging his other show in chat, we learned on Friday Night Gaming that blowing on the cartridge actually does nothing.
It was the readjusting into the cartridge slot that fixed it.
See, I always thought it was the moisture that you, when you were blowing on the cartridge, it was the moisture from your breath was helping with the contacts.
That's what I always thought was the... Oh, interesting.
We used to just take alcohol swabs.
It all depends on how...
What condition are your consoles in, you know, in your games?
If you leave your games out and they're super dusty, then blowing in it, I can imagine, would, you know, fix that a little bit.
But yeah, usually it's the contacts on the inside that are really dirty, and thankfully they did have the NES cleaning kit, and you could, you know, do that, and then you see the contacts, and they come out all black, and you're like, wow.
One more comment from chat, and then we'll get to how was your gaming week.
We have Say in chat says, I've only ever had my PS1 break caught on fire.
I can't... I would freak the hell out if that ever happened with a gaming system.
Can you imagine a gaming system catching fire?
Dude, what did you do with that system?
Was it like a 48-hour Final Fantasy VII marathon or something?
How did your system catch fire?
Or maybe it wasn't properly vented.
I don't know.
Some of those systems... Or he poured gasoline on it and set it on fire.
I don't think that would be a whoops mistake.
I don't know.
Alright, let's...
Breaking these consoles in all these intricate ways makes me think back.
Do you guys remember the SmashMyWii.com or whatever it was?
I could be mistaken.
Where they stood in line all night long to buy a Wii only so they could break it.
Yeah, they do that all the time.
The novelty is worn off.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and Sage just followed up in chat.
It was some 24-hour thing.
So, there you go.
Alright, let's get to how was your gaming week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
What kind of games did you play this week?
Played Ragnarok Online and that's about it.
Getting back into the Ragnarok, huh?
Dan found all of our Guilty Gear figures today and a few Mega Drive cartridges and stuff.
Awesome.
I found a copy of Policenauts.
Wow.
That's random.
Hey, I got a question.
I haven't asked this in a while.
Whatever happened with Ragnarok 2?
I haven't heard anything on that in a while.
Did that ever release?
I don't care.
You weren't a fan?
It's still in beta.
I don't care.
After all this time?
It's been in beta for like two years.
How long was the first Ragnarok in beta?
I guess that's true.
You played with me in the beta.
I remember, yeah.
It was a long time ago.
With your mage with a bow.
Yeah.
Deathwishing in chat says Ragnarok is way too confusing
DarkSakura, DarkSakura S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But it's also a different kind of game, right?
Because if you go to this game after playing something like, I don't know, Warcraft, it's different.
It's easier.
Ragnarok Online is infinitely easier than World of Warcraft.
But the thing that I think that people don't like about it is that you don't have someone holding your hand and allocating your points for you.
You're not, you know, maybe it's because they expect you to fucking use your brain to allocate your points.
You know.
All right.
Am I right or am I right?
It's been so long since I've played.
I honestly can't tell you.
I don't even remember how the damn game works.
I remember the porings were really cute.
That's what I remember.
World of Warcraft.
Well, I don't want to say it necessarily handholds you in how to distribute your point, but here's the thing.
Warcraft is so infinitely popular, you can go onto websites upon websites to tell you how to build your character, and then you get these elitist raiders that if you don't shape your character a certain way, then you are suck.
But in the end, it's all basically your armor.
Or the stuff you've got on you that controls it.
In Ragnarok, if you kill creature, creature, creature, you can go put all of it in your intelligence and have a mage.
Intelligence and dex.
If you want, say if you're playing an assassin, you put it all in your agility, a little bit in strength, and a lot of it in dex, and boom!
You can hit and hit a lot.
So, you know...
And on top of that, your armor and your accessories are all in addition to what you do.
So it's not really that confusing.
You just have to know what you want.
BlackWolf in chat, If I wanted to use my brain, I wouldn't rot them away playing a video game.
He says with a little hint of sarcasm.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played Lost and Damned.
And that's it.
Just multiplayer.
I didn't get around to doing much of anything.
I'm trying to figure out why that was.
Oh yeah, I remember now.
Because I was trying to hack the Lost and Damned, and it's fucking hard.
So, yeah.
So no luck there.
Because apparently they have...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's so complicated that it just fries my brain thinking about it.
But I want to do it because you can edit it just like the PC because it has the same format and stuff, so that'll be fun.
But yeah, that's pretty much that.
And then I did find my...
DS Lite I'm getting from work Resident Evil 5 on PS3 and Killzone 2 Not that I'm really excited about it because I don't give a shit about Resident Evil but I'll play it anyways, whatever
Killzone 2 looks interesting.
I wasn't going to buy it, though, so thank God I don't have to pay for it.
But Mad World, holy shit, I can't wait to play that game.
So that'll be one I'll be playing next week.
But lots of fun stuff coming up.
My gaming week, I didn't have time to play a whole lot.
I did check out Quake Live for a brief little bit.
Now that the queues apparently aren't such an issue.
Like, you know, the first couple days you try to get in there, you had these queues that were like thousands of people long.
It's just like, yeah, right, you're not going to get in there.
But finally I snuck in there one night and got to play because I think they finally eliminated the queues or really opened up the servers or something or the fever just died down.
So it's really easy to get in there now.
So I did play for a little bit.
I don't...
I was surprised because I don't know why, but I was under the impression that Quake Live was a new version of the original Quake.
It's not.
It's based off Quake 3.
Even, like, the same voice, you know, and all that stuff.
So I was, you know, kind of pleasantly surprised.
I like how it does that skill match in the beginning.
In the very beginning, when you sign on to Quake Live, you have to play a 10-minute match against a computer opponent.
It gets a little harder as you, you know, start kicking her butt, and then, you know, it gets a little easier if she starts killing you a lot.
So it's supposed to skill match you with other opponents.
So, you know...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I had a good time with Quake Live, the little time I spent with it.
I want to go back and revisit it.
I also played some Rock Band, too, because I love me some Rock Band.
Spent an obscene amount of money on new songs.
I don't know why I waste my money like that, but I do.
I was like, oh, I have to play No Doubt and New, and I really want to play White Zombie.
I have two drum sets, and I use neither of them.
Oh, my gosh.
Maybe I should borrow one.
I need to get my drum achievements.
I don't know.
I've got one.
It's the wireless one with the cymbals.
I have the cymbals for it.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, and they're kind of... And I have a drum bag to carry the drums.
I was thinking about getting that little portable one.
I don't know how well they work.
Don't get that.
Is it terrible?
It looks like crap.
Well, I don't know, but it looks... You know, I like the idea that it doesn't take up all this freaking space in my house.
You know, you kind of just put it out on the table and play.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And here's the other thing.
Also in my gaming week, I downloaded the demo for The Last Remnant, but I haven't checked it out yet, so I don't know why I mentioned it, but I'm going to check that out this next week because I'm curious.
If it's really, really good, I might just get it on 360, but I'm also kind of curious how it's going to run on PC.
And then also, I wanted to go back and play Civilization IV because, you know, after video games live and everything and seeing little slideshows, I was like, oh, I need to get back into Civilization and play this game again.
So I remembered it was on GameTap.
Thanks for watching!
I'm locked into their current ones, so I'm not going to get shifted or whatever.
But I don't know if I really like the direction game tab setting.
I have to be honest.
As a fair critic, I don't know if I necessarily like.
And I can't really judge until it happens.
But now they have this whole thing where the arcade games are going to actually be playable in the browser window.
Some of the classic games, and now some of the other stuff.
They're kind of turning into this hybrid of Steam and what sounds to me like Pogo games.
I don't want to pay for Pogo games.
You know what I mean?
So I don't know.
I'm going to withhold my full judgment until it comes out.
But I don't know.
I'm just not happy either that some of these things just won't work in Vista.
And I understand the games are old.
They were made for a certain Windows system.
It's my fault for being stupid and having Vista.
But look, that's what my computer came with.
So that's all I have.
I keep seeing advertisements for good old gaming.
I don't know if it's a website.
It's like Steam or something.
Yeah.
Thanks for watching!
DarkTetsuya in chat says, I agree.
We haven't used it in a long time, especially since they're all about PC ports nowadays.
Now, you know, call me stupid if you want.
I don't care.
I made an impulse buy a few months ago.
Not that you've ever made impulse buys, Loki.
I bought a full year of GameTap up front.
So I'm locked into this thing for a year, whether I like it or not.
So at least, you know, I'll have a chance to give it a full review, and maybe it'll win me over.
I just don't like what I'm hearing.
That's all.
So, you know, I kind of look at these changes and I go, oh boy, alright, I'm going to have to see this in motion.
But, you know, I guess in the end it is all about the games.
And if they can make it so that Civ 4 will magically work in Windows Vista, I don't know what they have to do.
I imagine if they emulate all these old games, there's got to be a way to do it.
Civ 4 is not like an obscure game.
Couldn't you run it, like, say in the compatibility mode with XP or something like that?
Run GameTap?
How about compatibility mode?
I just said that.
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, I finally got to use Vista.
My wife's co-worker wanted me to find her some stuff to put onto her system.
All legit software, of course.
So I hate Vista.
It sucks really bad.
It's just the hand-holding stuff really pisses me off.
I disagree.
I don't know.
I'm iffy on it.
These compatibility type issues make me a little irked with Vista.
I think I'm more looking forward to the new Windows than I am.
I'm kind of like, Vista's a stepping stone for me.
I don't like Vista now.
My system is completely tailored around running it.
So that's just how it was when I bought it.
So it runs like a dream on my computer.
Yeah, it's fast.
I mean, on my computer it's well optimized and everything, but it's just, I don't know.
I disabled all the touchscreen stuff because it was fucking with my tablet.
And I disabled a few things here and there, but then again, I've always tweaked XP to get it to run how I want it to.
I tweak every OS I get my hands on to make it run the way I want it to.
And guess what?
Right now, my Vista runs like XP with a few goodies.
I bet you wouldn't be able to play Civ 4 either.
Actually, I probably would be able to.
If you can get it to work, let me know.
City of Heroes gave me compatibility issues and I just changed it to run in compatibility mode and boom, no problem.
I'll check it out.
Maybe it is something that simple and I'm just being stupid.
All it did was change my resolution.
That's certainly a possibility.
And then it changes it back when it's done.
Alright, we'll see.
I'll try it, I'll try it.
I'll try to dig into compatibility mode, so, and then I'll get all those emails this week, you idiot, it was super easy.
Then GameTap will email me, you idiot, stop talking negative about our service and you can't figure it out.
But at the same time, I would think, if GameTap's going to give me an error message about not being able to start the game, it should tell me, hey, you should think about running in compatibility mode.
Of course, it could have been right in front of my face and I was just too pissed off not to see it.
Anyhow.
Alright, let's get into... Yeah, an ex-Link in chat says, I have Civ 4 and I run it off Vista.
So I don't know.
Maybe I'm doing something wrong, we'll see.
And I can fully admit, look, I'm not the biggest computer genius in the world.
I can just get you Civ 4, you know, so that you could play it without GameTap.
Maybe that's what I'll be forced to do.
Because I will feel that sense of entitlement.
That's right!
GameTap forced you!
They forced you into this, okay?
Alright.
Let's move on with the show.
We have some housekeeping to get into, and then we're going to get into tonight's show.
Hey, over on OrangeLoungeRadio.com right now, live tonight during the show, Orange Lounge Radio March Madness, the Elite Eight is wrapping up right now.
And check that out.
You can vote.
There's some pretty epic matchups going on in the top eight right now.
Final Fantasy VI versus Chrono Trigger.
Before the show tonight, Chrono Trigger was leading, but a lot can change.
That's a pretty epic matchup.
So you can go vote in that and the final four will be announced a little later tonight after the show.
And keep an eye on OrangeLaunchRadio.com for that throughout the week.
Also, we have some more people writing on OrangeLaunchRadio.com and now we have some new segments that showed up out of the blue that I'm loving.
I heart that song.
They've actually kind of been, I guess, using the classic game of the week a little bit as an inspiration.
Some of our staff writers have been writing these tributes to great songs in gaming, which has been kind of cool.
And, you know, just some
Other great segments on OrangeLaunchRadio.com Very happy with the direction the new site's going.
Alright, I guess that's it for housekeeping.
Don't forget LiveJournal, Facebook, MySpace, all that good stuff.
Let's get into tonight's gaming news, Loki.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Xbox Live Arcade Game Night
And if I remember correctly, I think Hasbro Family Game Night is actually like five different games.
Yeah, it is.
It's like Sorry and a bunch of the old classic games.
So I don't know if on the 18th they're going to get like five games all of a sudden, but whatever.
Also coming out will be The Dishwasher Dead Samurai, which if you remember was that really kick-ass XNA game.
Finally now an actual game.
Flock, Outrun Online Arcade, Puzzle Quest Galactrix, Uno Rush, and Lode Runner.
Those all sound pretty awesome, actually.
I don't know, though.
I don't get the same thrill out of Hasbro Family Game Night that I did out of Geometry Wars 2 and some of the things that came out this summer.
But I understand Xbox has a family-friendly niche they need to fill pretty badly to compete with Nintendo, so I'm okay with it.
I understand why they need stuff like that.
It all depends what games.
I can't remember what they had in the Hasbro Family Game Night if they actually had...
Battleship might be fun
I could see that.
Yeah, I could see it too.
A lot of love being lavished upon Galaga Legions in our chatroom.
SonofDad says Galaga Legions was the best last year.
SonicM88, I loved Galaga Legions.
That was a pretty good release in the last batch too.
No, I didn't actually... I think I downloaded that.
I'm not sure if I bought it or not.
I downloaded it and played the demo.
It was pretty cool.
But that was right around the same time that I also got Space Invaders Extreme on my PSP and I just kind of ended up playing that instead.
Yeah...
I think, didn't Duke Nukem 3D come out during that time too?
I think it did.
Yeah.
I think that was one of the big releases too.
Yeah, that was another one like Doom where I was like, oh my god, it's Doom!
They played multiplayer online like once and I was like, okay, I'm going on to other things now.
But I heard, aren't they making like a Galaga Legions 2?
Didn't we have a story on the show a few weeks ago about that?
That they're doing like a second one?
I don't know about that.
Is there some type of other reiteration in Galaga?
I don't know.
It would be pretty awesome if they did.
Hey, the Xbox Elite is being phased out apparently.
This is the rumor going around the internet this week.
Apparently the Xbox 360 is going to be more of like a limited edition type of console.
It's not going to be so readily available.
It's because retailers are not as happy about the Elite apparently.
You know, the economy the way it is.
A system that costs, what, $200 more than the entry level system.
Yeah.
It's not doing too well.
So apparently Microsoft might actually be limiting the console sales to only select retailers across North America and Europe.
Apparently the Elite might just phase out altogether in quarter two.
Yeah, I don't know about that.
I mean, at least as far as when I'm selling it, we have tons of it on hand.
So it won't be going away anytime soon.
But I know they're doing... Well, I've also... And some thought is that maybe they're phasing this out in favor of the elites will be out for the Resident Evil 5 red box elite system.
And then when that phases away and the next big Xbox game comes out, there'll be a limited edition system for that.
It's just that they're going to...
They could be treating it like Sony's doing with their higher end systems like the 160GB system now that's bundled with a game.
They may be doing that.
I can see because right now the Elite by itself doesn't seem like a great deal.
But when you have the Resident Evil release
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They should just do it.
Or something, or a noise filter, I don't know.
Maybe you should find some sort of noise trapping material, like some sort of, not like how metal would reflect, but maybe a rubber mat or something to put underneath it.
Or maybe finding a different type of... Some cabinets that you can put your systems in actually can put a glass window in front of it with just the little thing for the cords and that kind of filters out the sound.
I don't know.
Or you get the integrated audio-video setup where it's actually a plug in your wall and you put another one in another room and then you put your system in the other room since the wireless controllers can reach within 30 feet.
Then you go, it's another room and you don't have to hear it.
Or I could just fucking deal with it as I have for the past few years.
That's definitely the way to go.
But then I can't hear the game.
Or I can get headphones.
Yeah, that's another thing.
Headphones are good.
Or you set it next to a PC that's even louder and then it doesn't matter.
Like the Orange Lounge Radio PC.
Oh, that's nothing compared to... I don't know if you can hear the monster fan on this thing.
It is... I have the loudest... Have you seen my PC?
Not in a long time.
With its 200mm fan on top of it?
Mm-mm.
And it's got like, you know...
8 different fans that are on it, plus there's 3 more inside the case, plus there's a fan on each of the graphics cards that are also hacked to be 100% all the time.
It's like a jet engine.
Alright, I don't want to bitch about noise anymore.
People are probably sick of it, but I do want to read a comment from chatroom because this made me lull a little bit.
The comment from chat was from SonOfDad says, Hannah Montana, Xbox 360 Elite SKU for me, please.
PSP's doing it.
There you go.
Baby poop purple.
Xbox 360.
If you want to join us in our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com Well, you know, Rob, that her new movie, she's going to have to choose whether she's going to be Miley Cyrus or Hannah Montana.
How about she chooses to go jump in a lake?
That would be... Or death.
Chooses death.
If I can't be both, then I won't be any.
I'll just have to chop myself in half.
Let's move on with more gaming news.
Please do not let Loki ruin my show with Hannah Montana.
Dear God, no.
Well, how about something that I'm sure a lot of people have been waiting for.
Rob, maybe you've been waiting for this.
I don't know.
What's that?
The Beatles on Rock Band.
Actually, it's the Beatles Rock Band Edition.
A collaboration between AppleCore, Harmonic, and MTV Games.
And it's going to be all Beatles music.
They're basically saying that they don't have any plans yet for downloadable content.
But it is going to be standalone, dedicated, just to the Beatles.
So no importing your songs into other rock band games or any of that stuff is what it seems to imply.
It's going to be all by itself.
Which, you know, it's the Beatles.
They can do that.
They're like the biggest band ever.
Ever.
And if you doubt this, of course I'm excited about a Beatles rock band game.
Especially more so than some of these other bands.
We've heard Metallica, Aerosmith.
I'm sorry, they're not the Beatles.
They're good bands in their own way, but I'm not as excited about that as the Beatles, whose songs have lasted forever.
Sorry.
They actually are also going to be doing a limited edition premium bundle for $250 on all platforms.
That would be Xbox 360, PS3, and Wii that will have instruments modeled after the ones that the band actually played.
So, hey, that might mean Hofner bass.
That's a little excessive for me.
I'd get it.
I wouldn't get it, but I can see where collectors and hardcore Beatles fans would be all over that crap.
So that's not a surprise.
I mean, for me, I just want the game.
But that's good for that audience, that they're doing something like that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
Did you hear a controversy on how people think that the Wii version is going to be $59.99 for just the software only?
They're like, $59.99?
What the hell?
Everything is only $50.
That is the cap for Wii games.
Not $59.99.
It's $49.99.
Says who?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All that aside, you know, $79.99 was a lot of money.
And it certainly was more money than you were seeing for other games at the time.
I believe a lot of Super Nintendo games at the time were going for the $49.59.
No, I think they were like $39 or $49 back then.
But I remember Street Fighter II especially was very expensive.
Maybe it was only $69.99.
I just remember it was much more expensive.
But it was Street Fighter II!
Who didn't want to buy that game back in that day?
I honestly don't think it's going to come out for $59.99.
I think that's actually a misprint, but whatever.
People are going to stick with it for now, and they'll have a big controversy, but I don't see a lot of people picking it up for $60 if that's the case, even if it is the Beatles, because who gives a shit?
It's the Beatles.
I know I'm not picking it up.
I don't give a shit about the Beatles, so whatever.
A couple chatters are correcting, saying it was $69.99.
I'm thinking like $70 in my mind.
Ranma says, Sky, at Toys R Us it was $69.
Local shops had it for $79, and GameGuru says it was $69.99.
Son of Dad said it was $69.99 at KB Toys.
I don't know how you guys remember that, or if you just looked it up on the internet real quick, but still...
Still, they don't charge $69.99 for games now.
I can't think of many games that aren't collector's editions that go for that price.
So, you know, I'm just saying, who's to say they can't charge whatever they want for the game if they know it's going to be in high demand and that people are willing to pay that for, you know, what is arguably going to be a premium game.
I mean, it's not like we're talking about, you know, Carnival Games 2 trying to command a price of $59.99.
We're talking about the frickin' Beatles.
So, you know, I don't know.
I...
I won't buy it for the Wii.
Why are you talking crap about Carnival Games 2?
I want to know.
I'm not talking crap.
I'm just saying I wouldn't pay $69.99 for it.
If Carnival Games 2, it's worth that kind of money.
Interesting comment from Marissa Congusto in the chat, and I know that's the lovely Marissa who hasn't been on our show in a long time, but I think she needs to grace us with her presence again sometimes.
True Beatles fans are more nuts about the music than gimmicks.
But people do get nuts.
Look at all the Elvis crap.
interesting perspective alright let's move on by the way the release date of this game 999 10 years after the release of the Dreamcast what a fun day to release stuff and I believe as I was hearing on a Bobby show earlier tonight one of their chatters said something Final Fantasy 8 was out on that same day too so September 9th is a fun day for releases 999 Final Fantasy 8 was out on that day too no I think it was out on September 9th of a different year it's not the same it's not quite the same
Anyways, so there's another rumor.
Honestly, this isn't actually a rumor.
I've seen it.
Activision is preparing to release Guitar Hero Van Halen later this year, August to be exact.
And it will be coming out, of course, with some of the more popular Van Halen tracks, Jump, Panama, Hot for Teacher, and also other bands' music are going to be in there, just like the Metallica stuff and Aerosmith.
How can you have Jump without keyboards?
How?
I don't get that.
How can you do that without keyboards?
I mean, I know, but I always thought of Jump as a keyboard song.
In fact, there's a local store in town.
I don't remember if it was Guitar Center or Skips or one of those stores.
You had the keyboards all on display at the store, right?
But they had these big songs that the following songs are banned.
Do not play them on these keyboards or we will kick you out of the store.
One of them was Jump.
You couldn't play the chorus.
Dude, like you couldn't play it.
Like that and Fur Elise and all the other stuff.
Like they would kick you out of the store if you played that.
That's hilarious.
It reminds me of that scene from Wayne's World.
No stairway.
Denied.
Exactly.
It totally reminded me of that.
No stairway.
Denied.
No Chopsticks.
I know Chopsticks had to be one of them.
Other stuff, other songs that might be in there as well, Juice Priest's Painkiller, Tenacious D's Master Exploder, which you might remember was from Rock Band 2, and Weezer's Dope Nose.
And of course, this is all to be taken as rumor right now, but no, it's not a rumor.
It's actually coming out.
It's going to be just like Guitar Hero Metallica.
So expect that later on this year.
However, that is not all that you can expect later on this year, because that's one of the millions of different Guitar Hero games that are coming out this year.
Well, actually, Hero games, including...
The previously announced Guitar Hero Modern Hits Also supposedly this year Guitar Hero 5 or whatever they're going to call it Band Hero, how that is any different than Guitar Hero 5 is beyond me Another Guitar Hero on Tour game for the DS and DJ Hero
I guess they weren't kidding when they were talking about the whole five Guitar Hero games in a year or something like that.
I think it's a little overkill if you ask me.
but I know I'm not buying any of these so except for DJ Hero maybe that's a maybe Marissa in chat again says it's true about Stairway try playing it in Guitar Center I don't doubt it I'm sure they would get very angry at having to hear that song it's just like I hear on American Idol certain songs are banned from the auditions too like you can't sing Alicia Keys Falling in your audition I don't know why I know that I must have read it on Wikipedia or something Robert M on the last story makes a funny about the release date of the Beatles rock band game the Beatles rock band release date number 9 number 9
Number 9.
It's kind of a real nerdy joke there.
It's also the same day as the 9 is released by Tim Burton, which looks awesome.
Is that a game or a movie?
It's going to be a movie and a game.
Oh, of course.
I had to ask.
Of course, if it's a big movie, it's going to be a game as well.
I thought the next Tim Burton movie was the Alice in Wonderland movie.
No, no.
The 9 is the next one.
Oh, okay.
Unless Alice in Wonderland.
I don't think Alice is coming out this year.
No, I think it's out in 2010.
Okay.
I love Alice in Wonderland and all that stuff.
I'm really excited about the new movie.
Anyway, more Guitar Hero.
And this is a follow-up to a story we reported on probably a few months ago at this point.
I'm sure our FUs of the Week came right after this particular story.
Do you remember when Gibson sued the makers of Guitar Hero?
That's right.
Gibson had sued over the whole patent they had on
Musicians simulating participation in a concert and all this stuff.
They tried to claim basically that they invented Guitar Hero.
Even though Guitar Hero worked with them to make the controllers or what have you.
Well, guess what?
It was lost.
Their patent suit was lost and essentially was practically laughed out of court is what happened with that.
Let's see.
This was from the U.S.
District Court for the Central District of California.
Let's see.
The court said it's toys that represent other items there.
Also, apparently Gibson's patent only originally applied to devices which use the analog audio signals, not MIDI signals or any other types of control signals.
So...
There it is.
Suck it, Gibson.
Yeah, it was a little bit silly of them in the first place, as we discussed previously.
But I guess you could say justice was served.
I guess you could say they hacked the Gibson.
Give me that.
Sad trombone.
Well, while we're on the subject of the guitar games, whatever, Guitar Hero Greatest Hits will be out in June and should have 48 songs including Them Bones by Alice in Chains, Killer Queen, Killing in the Name, Through the Fire and the Flames.
It's basically pulling songs from the other Guitar Hero games and putting them in one game.
I guess the only cool thing about this is that now they're going to get the band treatment.
Like I was reading somewhere that Through the Fire and the Flames is supposed to have crazy hard drums on it to match the crazy hard guitar part.
But still.
I want to play the vocals for that.
Still, if you listen carefully, listen carefully, and you might be able to hear the sounds of this franchise getting milked to death.
Because that's what's happening.
I mean, really.
It's a slurping noise.
The other day I was looking on iTunes, and they have greatest hits for Wilson Phillips.
Wilson Phillips had two big songs and two CDs.
Does this really necessitate a greatest hits album?
That's how I feel about this whole Guitar Hero thing.
Is there really enough out there that necessitates this Guitar Hero greatest hits album?
How about this for more milking, Rob?
It's going to be out on Xbox 360, Wii, PS3, and PS2.
All the Guitar Hero stuff is milked on all the systems.
Don't be like Konami.
Don't hoard DDR.
Again, at least bring a keyboard or something like that.
And Ranma says in chat, Sky, if Rick Astley can have a Greatest Hits album, so can Wilson Phillips.
Good statement, good statement.
That could possibly be the chat comment of the evening.
We'll see.
All right, let's get into some release dates from around the world, Loki.
All right, well, in the U.S., we have a few games coming out this week, starting off with stuff for the Wii.
We've got New Play Control Pikmin and New Play Control Mario Tennis, slightly old but yet new.
My Pet Shop for the Nintendo DS, which is being released by Taito, and features Mama from Cooking Mama.
Except now she's working in a pet shop.
Is there anything I don't want to know?
I need Mama to fix my life.
I don't know.
Maybe she's hunting for ingredients.
We need relationship, Mama.
That's what I need.
I need Mama to fix my dating life.
That's what I want.
No, I'm kidding.
EVE Online Special Edition coming out on PC.
World Championship Track and Field on the DS.
Animal Planet Emergency Vets for the DS.
Yet another pet fixing sim.
Literally.
My Sims Party on the DS and on the Wii.
Coming out this week.
Totally Spies, Totally Party on the Wii and on PS2.
Docomo, um, Docomo Dake Boing on DS.
It's a weird game with some giant mushroom, I don't know.
Can you say that again?
Docomo Dake Boing.
Uh, Trivial Pursuit coming out on PlayStation 2, Wii, PS3, and Xbox 360.
Mad World on the Wii.
That game looks awesome.
Avalon Code DS, Zubo DS
SBK Superbike World Championship PS2, Xbox 360, PSP, PS3 My English Coach Spanish Edition
World in Conflict, the complete edition on PC coming out this week.
And a few more things here.
Vacation Sports on the Wii, another party game collection.
And finally, save the best for last, Resident Evil 5 on PS3 and Xbox 360.
And speaking of Xbox 360, you can get your limited edition
Red, Xbox 360 Elite System.
Some praise for MadWorld in chat.
Lazy Days, MadWorld looks cool.
Deekman, can't wait for MadWorld.
So it's nice to see a Wii game getting some fanboy loving.
There you go.
It's got, okay, it's got John DiMaggio in it.
I mean, the voice of Bender.
And Greg Proops from Who's Line doing sports commentary while you murder people with a chainsaw.
What more do you want?
That's pretty amazing.
I randomly met Greg Proops like years ago.
It's nice to see that he's still doing it because, you know, he had that game show.
I met him like right around the time he had that game show going on.
And then that got canceled.
And then Who's Line wasn't on anymore.
So I'm really glad to see he's around still.
It's so awesome.
Yeah?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I actually found a lot of old photos that I'm actually sorting through and going to throw away the really bad ones.
But I just found my pictures that I took at a cemetery in Alabama.
There was one of you cosplaying as Emmy, though.
I thought that one was really cute.
This particular photo that I will go and put on the camera in a second is from the Church Street Cemetery in Mobile, Alabama of the only Revolutionary War veteran buried there.
So that means that he had to have enlisted when he was 15.
Lots of love for Greg Proops in our chat room, apparently.
He's awesome.
We should try to get him on the show or something.
Nah, I don't know about that.
That's like stretching the boundaries of, you know.
Why not?
Why not?
He's a voice actor in a video game.
Maybe he wants to sell the game.
If the game does well, they'll want him back for a sequel.
You never know!
Alright, anyway, forget it.
Let's move on to some Japanese release dates.
And coming out in Japan, of course, since we're getting it over here, you know Japan's going to be getting Resident Evil 5 over there.
Actually, I think that just came out this last week.
Yeah, it came out last week.
But they are getting, I know this is new, the Idolmaster Twins is new on the Xbox 360.
You know, Idolmaster is a pretty big franchise over there.
And now it's got twins.
So on the PlayStation 3, Army of Two gets a price reduction as it goes into EA's Best Hits collection, as does Need for Speed Pro Street.
But if you want to get some new games in Japan, Resistance 2 is actually new for Japan in some DualShock packs.
Musou Orochi...
Orochi Z is coming out from Koei this week as well over on the PlayStation 3 and Skate also getting a price reduction.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, Phantom Brave Wii is coming out this week on March the 12th as is Sonic Tohankoku no Kishi comes out as well.
I'm not sure what this... Oh, this is Sonic and the Black Knight.
Over in Japan.
WeCheer gets its release in Japan this week as well.
Because I know you guys can't wait for WeCheer over there.
And Boku to Sim no Machi Party comes out as well from EA.
My Sim's Party.
Is this My Sim's Party?
Yeah.
That is.
That is.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, Galaxy Angel 2, Need for Speed Pro Street getting a reduction and that's it for the PlayStation 2 this week.
Let's look at the handhelds real quick on the Nintendo DS, Tokamiki Memorial, Girl's Side, First Love Plus comes out from Konami this week.
Also coming out from Konami, I'm sorry, a price reduction for Survival Kids.
Also coming out, Konami Dual Spirits, the DS game, actually that's another price reduction, I was going to say that game's been out a while.
Thanks for watching!
The End of Infinity Resistance Restribution also coming out on the PSP this week and that looks to be about it unless you're looking for a price reduction on Need for Speed Pro Street So that's it for the Japanese release dates
Well, how about some UK release dates as soon as I set my photos down?
Sure, let me read a quick chat comment while you're doing your photos.
Acidic Vampire in chat says, When I play Wii Cheer, I actually attach streamers to my Wiimote to make them feel like real pom-poms.
You joke!
Dork!
You joke, but they sell those things for the Wiis.
I was going to say, I'm surprised they don't sell those.
No, they do sell those.
They sell Wii pom-pom attachments for your damn remotes.
Yes, people are that retarded.
I kind of want one for some reason, but I'm cheap.
Well, remember, you can use it for every game.
Yeah, because I want to play Mad World with my pom-poms.
Yay!
Go cheer!
Woo!
Cut you in half.
That's hilarious.
I'll put this on the camera in a moment, or if you want to do it for me.
Sure.
This cat is 27 years old.
Oh my heck.
Alright, get to the release dates.
Let me give you the photo.
His name is Sean.
That's my cat from Alabama.
Anyway, coming out on... I think he's a zombie.
That's the only way we can explain that he's lived that long.
He's alive by the power of evil.
I've already said last week on the 8th and 9th that Flock was out.
The 10th, Tomb Raider, Underworld, Lara's Shadow on Xbox 360, Bleach, Dark Souls, Codename Panzer's Cold War on PC, Persona 4.
By the way, those last few were on the 13th.
Resident Evil 5 on the 13th Resistance Retribution, So Come Frontation, Sonic and the Black Knight, Tom Clancy's Hawks on PC Tiger Claw just linked in chat
Sorry, I just saw a picture of those stupid attachments.
Oh, God, I almost want them just for the sheer gayness of it.
I just I feel like I need to own it.
I don't know what it is, but I'm just compelled to purchase it, even though it only has a one and a half star rating.
Dude, $19.99 for two little pieces of plastic that you tape on to the ends of your Wiimotes.
That's amazing.
We finally got a skew for the Wii music instruments.
They have attachments for all those, too, so you can look like a douchebag playing those.
I want to point out, Amazon looks like they're having a sale.
You can get that and a Wii Cheer and All-Star Cheer Squad, all three together, $84.97 for the Ultimate Cheerleader.
Oh, God.
All right.
Sorry.
Anyways, there's going to be a new Pac-Man game on the way.
This is to celebrate the game's 30th anniversary.
Good Lord.
You know, I remember just a few years ago when we were at E3 when they were celebrating the 25th anniversary.
Now, of course, the 30th anniversary will become...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I guess Yasuhara is part of it and says the new game design was sort of meeting his wish 100% so I have no idea what the hell that means but it's going to be a Pac-Man game so set your expectations low!
Well, I mean, the last Pac-Man game that came out was really awesome.
Pac-Man Championship Edition was pretty great.
Even Pac-Man Versus was pretty fun, too.
But, yeah, I mean, not every Pac-Man game has been a winner.
It's Pac-Man.
I mean, it's like, if Pac-Man ran faster, we'd be having the same problem as Sonic.
But, uh...
I'm kind of curious to see how they're going to reinvent Pac-Man.
There were Pac-Pix.
That seemed like a good idea.
I love Pac-Pix.
Until you played it, and then you're like, wow, this sucks.
Yeah, Pac-Pix, it was one of those things that was neat in a small dose.
It was a great demo to show the DS off with, but as a game...
I just found a picture of Jason
What?
Our webmaster, Jason?
How old are these pictures?
What are these all from?
E3.
You dig up.
Almost.
04, probably, right?
Yeah.
I found a really bad picture of us.
Oh, boy.
Oh, I remember that picture.
Blurry.
I look cute.
All right, hey.
Talking about pictures makes for great radio, doesn't it?
Yes, it does.
Hey, Konami.
You know our friends at Konami, they are turning 40 years old this week, if you can believe it.
You're over the hill!
Congratulations, Konami, you're old.
No, Konami has officially turned 40 this week, and quoting on the age of the company and how they did it,
President Kuno Nio says, Consistency plays a major part in everything Konami does.
I don't know if that means rehashing their games over and over.
No, I'm kidding.
Obviously, Konami's put out a lot of great games that we've loved very much over the years, so there you have it.
Konami also promises that there are a wealth of other new titles in development.
By the way, a game that I left out of my gaming week was the DDR on the iPhone was a game that I actually played this week, the brand new one.
They have DDR on iPhone now.
Um...
It's alright, you know, considering it's DDR on your iPhone.
I mean, you don't actually dance.
But here's the thing.
There's this new mode they have called Shake Mode where you actually play DDR by tilting your iPhone to the left and to the right and up and back.
You know, which is kind of stupid but cute.
But here's the weird thing.
You only can play the tutorial song in Shake Mode.
Is that a bug?
Seriously?
You were only meant to play the tutorial song and nothing else?
Did somebody forget to put that pointer in that says, Oh, after the tutorial, go back to the song select and not the main menu.
So, I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It is a lot of newer DDR songs.
There's some old-ass stuff mixed in there.
But here's the thing that surprised me most.
Did you know Brilliant 2 U now has a vocal version?
It's kind of scary.
That's all I have to say.
I've been out of the DDR loop for so long, I had no idea there was a Brilliant 2 U now with vocals.
Is it Paul Terry singing?
Or is it that really awful dude that did that crappy rap that was in... It could very well be, for all I know.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Get these kids off your damn lawn
I don't know, it's just... I can't be excited about this stuff anymore.
I will be more excited about DDR when there's something that's really reinvented it.
And, you know, I don't know, even just going to different... I have a way to do it, but no one wants to give me the money to do it.
I know.
Alright, let's move on.
Some more gaming news.
Enough reminiscing about the past 40 years of Konami.
But we like the past.
Yeah, that's true.
I think back to the Konami of the 80s, the old school Metal Gear game was amazing.
But anyway...
Well, how about some different news?
Ubisoft has actually pulled a game called I Am Alive that's being developed by Darkworks from their lineup.
They announced at E3 that they wanted to release it this spring, but it's actually been delayed until March 2010 because it's apparently such an ambitious title that they want to do it justice.
So let's hope so.
It was funny, though.
Actually, they announced it.
Yeah, it's coming out in March.
And then they're like, uh, yeah, about that.
It's actually financial year 2010.
Oopsie.
We jumped the gun there.
So sometime between now and March.
Sweet.
Anyways.
There's something else that's kind of interesting.
You remember we talked a little bit about it that Square Enix was starting to buy up some shares of Eidos.
Well, Square Enix is hoping to finish buying the rest of Eidos by May.
And they're actually expected to approve a deal with the Eidos shareholders later this month.
And hopefully by, I guess, May 6th, there will be...
I don't know.
I guess they'll be under the ownership of Square Enix.
That's kind of interesting, though.
Because my thoughts are, why would you want Eidos?
I mean, really, it's Eidos.
Well, they do own Tomb Raider, right?
So there's a new Tomb Raider movie coming out, so maybe they're going to try and do a different type of Tomb Raider game for it.
I don't know.
Maybe try to reboot some of the franchises.
Doesn't Eidos also have a Hitman that they have?
Square Eidox Square Eidox
Game Guru in chat says Square Enix wants franchises that aren't JRPGs.
And that could be, you know, there has been those stories about they want to get more into, you know, the more American style of the game development.
So why not?
Yeah, but I mean, this is about like half a step from, you know, buying out Atari or something.
I mean, no offense, it's just like, Eidos is not what they used to be.
Tomb Raider is definitely not what it used to be.
And, you know, their other franchises, you know, the ones that they still put out aren't what they used to be.
And they haven't been really that great.
Well, they obviously see something in it that maybe they can turn around.
Maybe that's why they're able to buy them out.
The shares are so low.
I don't know.
It's just whatever.
I mean, if you're square and you've got lots of money, then I guess it's fine to buy Eidos.
Well, hey, this game company seems to be doing something right, because apparently, according to Nintendo Power's recent issue, A Boy and His Blob is coming back on the Wii pretty soon.
That's kind of cool.
This is coming from WayForward, is the company that's making this game.
Now, you might remember, a little while ago, they were kind of testing this on the DS.
There was a DS version of the game that was under development, but then it ended up getting cancelled.
I remember playing this at E3, going like, wow, it's A Boy and His Blob.
But now, apparently...
It's going to be reinvented on the Wii, and there's more information in this month's Nintendo Power Magazine, so that could be interesting.
Remember A Boy and His Blob?
Yes.
It's kind of a neat game.
A little bit of a short game, but you know, back on the NES, it was kind of okay, because it took a long time to figure out how to beat it unless you had a cheat guide.
But this could be kind of cool.
I don't think it's a remake of the first game, though.
I think it's probably a whole new thing.
But it definitely was an interesting concept.
If you don't remember what A Boy and His Blob was, basically, it was kind of a puzzle game.
You had the blob, and you were the boy, and you could walk around, the little blob would follow you, and if you fed the blob different flavors of jelly beans, then the blob would turn into different objects, like the blob could turn into a ladder, the blob could turn into a trampoline, or a key.
It would just basically shapeshift all these different things, so you were kind of
Thanks for watching!
Hitstun in chat points out that WayForward also made Contra 4.
DarkTatooia asks about the brick wall trick.
No, I don't remember that.
I do seem to remember there was a really easy way you could cheat in Boy and His Blobs.
That must be what he's talking about.
Dan Shadow asks, is Jelly Belly paying for this?
I don't know.
It could be a good sponsorship.
I love Jelly Bellys.
No, they have Jelly Belly.
and DarkSakura.
Um, you know Jelly Belly doesn't make the Harry Potter beans anymore.
They, uh, I guess lost the licensing agreement with that, so now they have their own, like, sad flavor of jelly beans lined.
Like, have you ever had those nasty Jelly Bellys, like in the, you know, vomit flavor and all that stuff?
I don't know any Jelly Bellys.
DarkSakura.com
Here, look for yourself.
Okay.
Hold on, let's see.
Someone did a parody of what the Watchmen ending was going to be like.
Oh, is this going to spoil the actual movie because I haven't seen it yet?
No, Rob, it won't.
Candy Mountain.
Yeah.
That's fantastic.
Sorry, that's terrible radio.
It's basically, never mind.
At least our live listeners can look at that.
Anyway, how about some UK Virtual Console stuff?
And this makes me happy.
It's fun stuff.
It's Clu Clu Land.
We remember Clu Clu Land.
I do.
I remember playing Animal Crossing on the GameCube.
Yep, and I played it on the Nintendo when it was new, back in the day.
Basically, you just have to turn bubbles and make gems and stuff, and it's 500 Wii Points.
And then, Mega Drive title, Wonder Boy 3 Monster Lair.
So, which I think we got it was Wonder Boy Monster Land.
I think we just got that on Virtual Console ourselves over here, too.
Yeah, that's 800 Wii Points.
So, go get them!
Go get them!
280 games for the Virtual Console available now.
Yeah, and I'm not interested in any of them, unfortunately.
That's a lot.
Still no Guardian Legend.
You want to know what?
I probably have that many in the vault.
I wish I was joking.
No, I wouldn't doubt it.
It's just, you know, a lot of... I probably have that many ROMs.
No, I'm kidding.
You know kind of why I wish I was joking?
What?
Because we're sorting them all.
ExciteBots Trick Racing
And we actually got some details on it, other than just the name now.
We have pictures of the box art that came out, which looks interesting.
Which was promptly stolen and put all around the rest of the internet.
Yeah, because I don't give a shit, so whatever.
So anyways, yeah, box art which shows robotic animals and...
Yeah, with wheels and stuff.
That's kind of neat.
And another interesting stuff, and before I was kind of worried, the description made it sound like a party game and stuff.
It actually looks like Excite Truck, and it looks pretty sweet.
Although there is weird stuff in there, like there's a robotic turtle carrying a tambourine for some reason, and I'm not sure why.
And then there's some other stuff that I saw with, like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The game basically plays very similar to Excite Truck.
It's based on a star system.
You can get in first place, which obviously helps you, but if you don't get in first place, it doesn't really matter because it's all about who has the most star points at the end of the race.
You get points for doing different things like tree runs, catching air, doing air tricks, etc.
You know, jumps, whatnot So, very similar to Excite Truck The controls are going to be exactly the same And they've added a few different things in there as well Now they have these new, like, energy pulls That you can swing around and gain a boost off of that Lots of fun stuff And then there's also some other game modes in there as well Hopefully optional That you can play poker by driving through cards And then, you know, based on what you get You get points on, you know, the hands or something like that
and then also the clown thing which I don't know what how that plays but you basically throw a pie at a clown as you're driving around but um
Nonetheless, it looks interesting.
They've got vehicles flying through the air and stuff like that.
Plus, you get a power-up where your character is able to run with its legs and stuff.
Any word about internet play, like Mario Kart?
There was no word on that, but as I remember mentioning before, two to six players online.
Interesting.
And one to two players split-screen local.
Very, very interested in checking this out.
And the wife is extremely excited.
It looks interesting, but here's the thing about it.
Didn't we hear that this developer was working on something that was so secret they had to have the secret screens and all this stuff?
And I don't know if maybe somebody was just embellishing it or whatever, but I'm really thinking in the back of my mind, okay, is this game really that big of a deal that they had to keep it super top secret?
It looks good.
It really does look good compared to Excite Truck.
And actually, the graphics are a lot better.
I don't know.
I'm very interested to check it out.
I mean, they could have a really good game on their hands.
And, you know, I think the robotic lizard frog thing is kind of cool.
They're going to have a mouse in there they can play as, a robotic mouse.
But the turtle looks retarded.
I'm sorry.
He's got this retarded, like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, you know, King Hippo, obviously we've seen in some screenshots.
Glass Joe, you know, is going to be in there.
Von Kaiser, apparently, is going to be making a comeback.
Not exactly one of the fighters I would have thought would be the best of the original, which started to make me fearful.
Because I think somebody said on this show a couple weeks ago, maybe this is just going to be a complete remake of the first game.
PUNCH OUT PUNCH OUT
Also, classic NES style controls.
If you flip your Wii remote on the side and play the game, you can play the game that way.
So that's kind of cool for those of us that don't want to flail our arms around everywhere.
You can still have some fun with Punch-Out!
So there you go.
Well, obviously Punch-Out!!
is a very classic video game, but we like to put the spotlight on a classic game every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, and I can tell you this week it's not Punch-Out!!
But it is some game that you should definitely be checking out, and it's DarkSakura's classic game of the week.
She's gonna dig through her archives.
DarkSakura, what is the classic video game of the week?
Characters from Madomonogatari.
So it's just a fun little game where you drop these bean-shaped thingies and have to match them up.
But you can do drops and make chain combos.
And I think it's been one of the...
I say blueprints for many other puzzle games to come out since.
Sort of like Puzzle Fighter, remember?
Where you had your chains and everything.
Basically, we got it at the USS Puyo Pop.
And we first saw it, though, as Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine for the Genesis Mega Drive.
It came out on Game Gear and Master System, but that version actually only came out in Europe and Brazil.
And then we got it as Kirby's Ghost Trap, which was the European SNES version, and Kirby's Avalanche, which was our version over here.
So, basically, the whole point of it is that you have to stack up, like I said, you have to stack up Puyo, and you have to match them up and get them in certain combos so that you can throw that many number of lines over on your enemy, who is also playing simultaneously with the enemy or the computer.
And they can block your moves by getting combos of their own, but basically whoever has a higher combo, then they get to sit over there.
It's actually called Rensa.
The chain of how they pop and fall is called Rensa.
So you can have any different kind of variety of it for how they fall.
Um, and the blocks that fall on the other side are called, um, Ojama, which, um, are garbage blocks, pretty much.
Um, or as we get them, they're new sets of Puyo.
So, uh, basically, like I said, the higher that you get, the, you know, the more that you drop on your opponent that they do not block, you know.
Um...
I'm sorry, this battle I'm watching on YouTube is quite epic.
My god, these players are amazing.
They're setting up chains left and right.
I have seen the 19 chain rob that someone managed to get.
That's pretty freaking epic.
And actually, this version of the music is from Puyo Puyo 2.
But I thought it was cool.
But basically, you've got a single P.O.
where basically you just fight the computer, and then you have the versus mode, which is double P.O.P.O.
You've got characters in the game, which we've seen a few of them in other games, because actually, Carbuncle made his way, made a brief appearance in Dr. Robotnik's B&B Machine, and it was called Has-Been in that game.
Um, but you have, um, uh, Arl, um, Naja, who is the main character, the blue girl with brown hair wearing a blue dress, and, um, you also, you know, also some of her, uh, chains, she calls out different spells because her character is apparently a sorceress.
Um, yep, and then you've got Carbuncle.
Carbuncle is cute.
And then, you know, for the first P.O.P.O.
you go through Skeleton T, Nasu Grave, Mummy, uh, Draco Centauros, um, Skadoldora, um, Skiapodes, um, Parpy, you know, you've got, you actually have Zombie too, which I think is cool.
And, um, my favorite name here is Zodamayo.
And your end boss is Satan.
So, and you have to fight him because, um, he likes Arl, but he really likes Carbuckle.
Um, as far as other versions that have come out, like I said, we've had the US ones, um, that was, uh, Dr. Robotnik's B&B Machine, Kirby's Avalanche, um, there, uh,
They actually say that the Puyo were supposed to be like how the slimes were in Dragon Quest.
They're actually from that RPG game Mago Monogatari, which if anyone's played it, I'd love to know.
I haven't.
But anyway, as other games came out, there was the Neo Geo Pocket, Neo Geo Pocket Color one, so we've had Puyo Puyo, Puyo Puyo 2, we've had Puyo Pop over here in Japan, it was Mina de Puyo Puyo, which means Everybody Puyo Puyo.
Um, we've had Puyo Puyo Sun, which there's actually a Nintendo 64 version, Puyo Puyo Sun 64, and a Saturn version, and Puyo Puyon, which was, um, pretty much the second one.
We also had Puyo Puyo Fever, um, which we got as Puyo Puyo Pop Fever.
Um, that was on, uh, actually that was the last game that was released for Dreamcast.
Xbox, PlayStation 2, GBA, GameCube, DS, PSP, Mac, Windows, Pocket PC, Palm, DS, etc.
I actually have the TurboGrafx version at home.
They made this game on every damn system, basically.
Yeah, and you know there was actually a music game sequel...
Yeah, I remember.
I think you showed it to me once.
Yeah, you showed it to me once.
It's called Puyo Da.
It wasn't the greatest, but it was... I thought it was cute.
Yeah, it was different.
It's a fun little game.
It was different.
With Puyo Da, it's like you have to hit the buttons at the right time, sort of like a Parappa-ish thing.
But depending on how many you get right and how many they get right, you get more points than they get bombed.
So it's an interesting little spinoff.
Alright, well that's going to do it.
Is that it?
This had the line in there, though, that I know that it's not what she's saying, but it's like the game Psychic Storm.
You translate the line the same way as I get pissed off.
My husband's crazy.
Alright, I believe that is going to do it for your Classic Game of the Week.
I hope he's listening because I picked this for him.
Puyo Puyo Puyo Puyo Puyo
and also I would say if you want to get like a recent version of Puyo Puyo check out the Sonic Genesis collection because it has you know Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine which granted isn't a pure quote unquote version of Puyo Puyo but you get at least the gist of the game itself and you know it's part of that big collection so
There you go!
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Puyo Puyo.
We're going to take a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio, but we will be back with plenty more in Part B. We're going to talk about other companies getting into used game businesses.
This should be interesting.
And other game rental methods.
And some classic fighting games.
Kind of some more 2D fighters in the wake of Street Fighter 4.
We're going to be talking about some of that coming up next here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned!
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, March the 8th of 2009, where we are taping live on allgames.com.
www.allgames.com is the radio network that we are a part of, or if you want to check out our show specifically, you can check out www.orangeloungeradio.com.
You really should, though, check out both.
You know, you get a lot of time to surf the internet, I'm sure, so you should check both sites out because they're both great.
All right, we've been talking a lot about the latest and greatest in gaming.
We're not done yet.
We've got plenty more.
Let's talk a little more business now, Loki.
Yes, let's talk business.
Toys R Us is actually going to try to get into the used game business.
They're going to start doing trade-ins, I guess.
Apparently, an in-store advertisement, which was snapped by one of the CheapAssGamer fans,
Thanks for watching!
Apparently, you'll be able to return your games for, I guess, Jeffrey Bucks, maybe?
I'm not sure.
I'm sure it'll be kind of similar to the other... That means like a gift certificate, right?
Yes, yes.
Jeffrey the Giraffe Dollars, which, you know, have no currency whatsoever in...
The Real World.
But yes, you will be able to sell your used games back and receive store credits and no word on any pricing tiers or whether they're going to be competitive or not.
But hey, another option for trading in your used games is always welcome.
Although, to be honest, man, the last time I went to the Toys R Us, it was sad.
Like, half the store was converted into a Baby's R Us, and that was really sad.
Well, if that's what sells, you know.
I don't give a crap about it.
I remember the Toys R Us was the shit when I was a kid.
It was!
It was amazing.
It was so amazing.
But, you know, now they have Baby's R Us in there.
Well, you know, if it sells, it sells, right?
I just remember back in the day, they used to have the Atari 2600 thing set up, you could play the old school games on there But it's cutting into my LEGO aisle Maybe that's because they have a LEGO store at the mall Wait, what mall?
Arden Mall, they have a full LEGO store now
Are you shitting me?
I am not shitting you.
Oh, I gotta go!
That's so awesome!
It's apparently like a chain of stores now.
Good!
We need a Lego store.
They can get rid of the Apple store anytime, though.
But Lego store is awesome.
I did not know you had such a fan boner for Legos.
I have 10 gallons of Legos.
I measure my Legos in volume now.
Oh my god.
Between her video game vault and your Legos, I feel like I need something.
You know what I do have?
I have a full dresser drawer.
Full dresser drawer full of Pez dispensers.
I do have that.
I know.
I guess that's my thing.
I don't know.
Thanks for watching!
No, I've seen those for sale, though.
I kind of quit Pez collecting for a little while.
Something I did in high school and for a little while after that.
But the nice thing is, since I stopped for so long, now I have a lot of old Pez dispensers that have just been sitting in a desk drawer, not getting any sunlight or anything.
They're in good condition, I'm sure, but it's not that I'm in the buying and selling business of Pez dispensers.
You don't want to be one of those dudes on the Food Network during Unwrapped or something.
I watched one last night and they were talking about some guy that collected Mr. Peanut stuff and he doesn't even like peanuts.
He's just a douchebag that collects Mr. Peanut crap.
It's like, really?
Thanks for watching!
so whatever anyway I don't know how we got from video games to Hello Kitty but we can go back to talking about used games a little bit you know what's interesting is that Toys R Us is kind of in cahoots with Amazon so to kind of hear this you know because if you go to Amazon.com their toy section is all Toys R Us well Amazon.com is also running a trade-in program which would make sense if Toys R Us is doing this because they kind of have a little working agreement or whatever's going on
What you do, you can actually trade in games.
You select games on their website apparently.
They have to be in good condition.
You send in a shipment or whatever.
You print a shipping label on your computer and you can actually send these games in.
And they will actually send you an Amazon.com gift card for however much the games were worth.
Which is kind of interesting.
Now this is something apparently I think is just being tested right now.
I don't think it's actually starting just yet.
But yeah.
I don't know.
Thanks for watching!
Oh yeah, and they also sell books.
Actdeft in chat, chat.orangelaundryday.com says, Rob sounds excited.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't really, I don't ever sell games back.
I probably should.
I have a lot.
Speaking of which, I brought back your Test Drive Unlimited.
I realized I had it sitting on my shelf collecting dust.
I had no idea you even had it.
Well, that's...
Great, I'll plug that in and try it this week or something, but yeah, I don't know.
DarkTatooine in chat says, Sky, really, the only thing GameStop has over these is when you trade in a game, you can get a new one right away.
Amazon, you'll have to wait for shipping, and that is a good counterpoint, because yeah, I don't like to wait for shipping and all this stuff.
I don't even like Netflix, because it's too slow.
When I want to watch a movie, I want to watch it now.
Like, that's why, so I like Netflix Instant Queues, but let's face it, not everything is available on the Instant Queue.
So.
DJ Ranma S in chat says, now at GameStop you get the same amount if it's cash or credit.
That must be a new thing.
I don't know about that.
It could be a promotion or something they're running right now.
It didn't used to be that way.
That seems kind of fishy because I'd be getting cash every time.
Why now do you think that they're getting into this?
Do you think it's just the state of the economy?
There's more of a demand for used games because $60 is a really high price point to get games?
I don't know.
Probably it's a big margin item.
I mean, it's a business that has a good margin on it.
Why not try to get into it?
I mean, because Amazon's a powerful name and online merchants and...
If they can put together a really valuable system that people want to check out.
Because I remember reading the trading values for some of these games, and they were a few bucks higher than GameStop, but you've got to wait a little bit longer.
True.
If you want to go that route, I guess you could, if you're kind of patient.
I might look up some of my games and see if they're worth anything in the background.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Sometimes we do, but we just sell back the newer crap, like sports games and shit.
I see.
So, I don't know, is this something that interests you at all?
I mean, let's assume hypothetically your husband didn't manage direct competition of this whole thing.
Do you think this Amazon.com thing is something that would be interesting?
I don't think so.
He works at a video game store.
We just take them back to his store and trade them in for games at his store.
Right, but let's say hypothetically he didn't have that, because not everybody has a husband that does that.
No?
All right.
Any more you want to add to this, DarkSakura?
Good idea in theory.
I think Chegg.com started the trend actually for doing it online for having school books that you could rent and then trade in your old school books online to them and then get credit for stuff for your next semester's school books.
Thank you for watching!
Well, in other news, speaking of GameStop, they've actually dropped 13% in their stock value ever since Amazon announced their little trade-in deal.
They actually ended the day on Thursday trading in at $3.54, lower than it had before.
So it looks like their investors are actually getting kind of worried about Amazon's little plan, even though GameStop themselves aren't.
And looking at this, it's a fairly significant drop from what it was.
Yeah.
Gamefly Gamefly is testing out this brand new kiosk called the G-Box.
It's a game rental kiosk that I believe is going to be spotted at Texas Tech University.
They're probably going to be launching this soon.
Probably on a limited basis right now to check it out.
It will allow you to rent games for $2.49 a day for Xbox 360 and PS3 and $1.99 a day for Wii.
It's going to have new titles and they're going to carry them for a short period of time.
No word yet if this is going to tie into...
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, it could be interesting, which is weird, because I always thought those kiosks were kind of dumb, the ones I see at Walmart and stuff with the DVDs, but I have Netflix, I have Instant Netflix, I have other ways to access movies, but then I think about this whole concept for games, and I'm kind of like, well, you know, if Walmart right by my house had a box like this, I might be tempted to rent games, rather than just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
For a longer period of time, obviously, but if you want to do it by night, it's all about convenience.
Because once something like this takes off, then you're going to see a lot more of these people doing it.
And I bet you anything, if Gamefly has good success with this, you'll probably see Redbox doing it.
They'll probably just have some sort of hybrid kiosk where you can rent games and movies.
And trust me, companies like that have thought about doing it, and they've tested it in some markets.
But the problem is, though, is...
Thanks for watching!
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's basically Netflix, but it's Blockbuster stuff, and you can trade in the store.
So that way they get around the whole shipping thing.
If you don't want to wait for shipping, you can trade in the store, which I think is really cool.
But the thing that Netflix has on them is that Netflix has the streaming, and Blockbuster doesn't.
If Blockbuster teamed up with PS3 or something, I would leave Netflix and go to Blockbuster.
You know, that was one of the rumors floating around.
I know.
That would be pretty big.
And the thing, I mean...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Because, you know, if we're sitting here, Loki and I, talking about, you know, maybe we'll stop making these $60 impulse buys if we could just rent the game for $2.50 out of one of these kiosks.
In the long run, is this going to be a good thing for the gaming industry, or is this setting up the gaming industry to get shot in the foot?
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
However, though, on, you know, kind of the DVD movie side, not everyone is on board with the whole kiosk things.
In fact, there's a deal going on right now with Universal where all their product is basically banned from Redbox kiosks.
They will not sell to Redbox, and they will fine anybody that sells to them.
And basically, you know, ruining sort of deals that have gone on.
So...
Redbox, the people that run those, have to go out and actually purchase movies from a big box retailer and then put them in their kiosk.
But they can't purchase them directly.
They think that it's affecting their sell-through business by having these Redbox kiosks.
Really, when you look at the facts, though, that's not really the case.
It's not really having a large impact on it, but
and DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
All right, let's look at other great comments from chat.
Thank you, chatters.
BreastLol, no, this was the same thing as blockbuster-ready games that Nintendo got all pissy back in the late 80s, early 90s.
AcidicVampire, it's a great thing because people will still buy the game if they like it, especially gamers.
DJRamaS, this could force the gaming industry to lower the price of the PlayStation 3 360 games.
ActDeft, sounds interesting, but I really don't know if it'll work or not.
Xlink, it can be a pro because you can try to see if you want to buy the game.
GameStop doing rentals.
I'm surprised that hasn't happened yet.
Son of Dad, it might bring down game prices for retail as a whole.
I would buy a used game from a Redbox for $25 if it was available.
SuperDude in chat says, wouldn't it be great if you could just stream new releases games like you do with Netflix on Xbox Live?
I bet you something like that is coming.
There's those rumors going around that the PSP 2, or whatever they're going to call it, new PSP, is going to not have a UMD slot.
I think we had a story on that a couple weeks ago.
Imagine if you could only download games.
I don't use my UMD slot.
It's a little different for you, but you know what I'm saying.
You kind of are seeing this shift towards digital distribution.
I seem to remember, we've been doing this show long enough now, I seem to remember in the last generation when the PS2 was new and all this stuff was new when we first started our show, there was talk that this round of systems we're in now was going to be all digital distribution.
And certainly with things like Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, there's a gigantic foot in the door
DarkSakura,
I would think maybe something like that is coming where you could stream games like that, but I don't think it's going to be the retail games.
It's going to be a long time before you see the retail games buy into that, but certainly digital distribution has...
games all its own.
Sony's on board with it.
I mean, they're doing their first party games available for PSP as digital downloads at the same time as release.
And they've kind of tested the waters a little bit with Gran Turismo 5 Prologue, Warhawk, Burnout Paradise.
So, if they can find a way that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We're going to move on to another story, but if you want to give your comments on this, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Send us an email.
Especially, I really want to hear from, and I know we have a few that listen to this show.
I want to hear from the people that work for the developers and publishers.
What do you think about these boxes?
What do you see as the impact to your business?
I want to kind of hear from those guys.
If you need to stay anonymous for whatever reason, then put it in your email.
We'll be happy to stay anonymous.
Right, Dark Sakura?
You would be.
Just say it right up front.
Yep, so, and yeah, because I would really like to hear from that side of things because I don't think we have anybody working or in the chat tonight.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about maybe games that you might rent through these kiosks someday.
Arc System Works, they are the folks that put together Guilty Gear.
They are doing a new high-def 2D fighter.
The game is called BlazBlue or BlazBlue.
I don't know how exactly you pronounce that because there's no E. It's BlazBlue, I would imagine.
Xbox 360 and PS3 Story Mode
Some individual stories for each characters and so on.
30 hours of gameplay, according to the director, Toshimichi Mori.
Also, there's going to be, of course, online support, which you can expect in this current generation of games, and download content as well, although they haven't said, is that just going to be outfits, new characters, moves, backgrounds, whatever.
Thanks for watching!
ShadowCharlie in chat says, yeah, I played BlazBlue in Chinatown.
What'd you think?
I'm curious.
I had not heard of this game before tonight, seeing that news bit.
They showed it off a while ago.
It looks pretty sweet.
It's all hand-drawn, 100,000 animations per character.
Dan Shadow Street Fighter IV
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
12 years, maybe?
Well, it's actually the first HD version that's going to be from SNK Playmore.
It's supposed to be on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
It has 20 playable characters, and they're all freshly redrawn, and the backgrounds are all new and pretty.
and, uh, supposed to really kick a bunch of ass.
Um, there's supposed to be, um, preview footage and images, um, included with the PS2 release of, uh, King of Fighters 98 Ultimate Match.
So, let us know if you see him.
Mai's in it, right?
That's all I want to know.
Well, of course, her and her boobs.
Oh, right.
That's right.
Me bouncy.
That's all I need.
Program or update to their program that bypasses the anti-piracy features in a lot of these games and apparently now works on all the current games that feature some sort of anti-piracy lockout.
Yeah, there's no way to spin that.
That's only for piracy.
So I guess if you're interested in pirating games, the Cyclo DS is the way to go for now.
But interesting though.
Is this something we should really be encouraging?
No.
But it's one of those things that, you know, and one reason I like to report on this on the show, as I know we all do, is, you know, it's out there, so you can't deny its existence.
So it's kind of interesting to see what that scene does to always compensate for what the developers of the systems do and back and forth.
Yeah.
All right.
Talkin' a little bit about Metal Gear Online.
Kind of movin' over a little bit.
It's a new expansion coming out on St.
Patrick's Day, March 17th.
It's Metal Gear Online Scene Expansion.
Three brand new maps coming to the game.
Two new characters are gonna be coming as well.
Raiden and Vamp, apparently, are the new characters that you're gonna see in the Metal Gear Online.
Also some new special gear, which I think is kind of funny because now you can apparently wear a bikini if you want, or you can dress yourself up in clown face or whatever.
or you can wear the head of Robbie the Rabbit if you want to be extra creepy.
That would be from Silent Hill.
So there you go.
Or if you just want to encourage people to shoot you, I don't know.
Also, there's going to be a brand new game type introduced to Metal Gear Online.
It's free if you get the pack or not.
It's Solo Capture.
It's just like Team Capture, but you're by yourself because it's Solo Capture.
This expansion will cost you $9.99 if you want to get all the costumes and the characters and all that stuff.
Yep.
Pre-order start on the 10th and there's some screenshots floating around the internet there.
Some other items, you can get a visor for write-in and some special actions, etc.
I don't know anyone that plays Metal Gear Online, but I bet it has a pretty rabid community because I can't think of many games like it.
So, there you go.
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Cat Toys Controllers
They have one that's a Guitar Hero controller.
They have a Wiimote, a Game Boy, an old school Game Boy, like the brick.
They have a 360 controller and a NES controller.
And they look like they're made out of felt and they are for the kitties.
They're so cute.
I was going to say, and above all, they're just cute, adorable for the little kitties.
I have to show this picture to the chat room.
Might Shermie be getting one of these?
No.
She don't play with any of the shit I buy her.
Grinch.
You know what she plays with?
What?
She plays with twist ties.
Nice.
How about your kitty, Loki?
I know you got a kitty a couple years ago.
Is this something?
Something that my cat would play with?
No, she'd probably look at it and go, I don't think so.
Does she still play with that stick?
Oh, like the feather and stuff?
Yeah, she loves the feather.
No, her thing right now, what she's been doing, she likes it when we make her tents or little forts on the couch.
Every time we go to bed now, we build her a fort using the blankets on the couch, and she loves that.
She's really easy to entertain.
She likes the milk rings, the little rings on the milk cartons.
Yeah, she has like 90 of them in the house.
She dumps them all in her food and water for some reason.
I'm not sure why.
But, I don't know.
She's making tea.
Making plastic tea.
I guess.
I always say Shermie puts her food in her water bowl because she wants tea.
I want a kitty.
I don't have any cute kitty stories like you guys do.
I want a kitty.
The roommate doesn't want a kitty though, so I'll have to wait.
But, someday.
Oh, well.
Now, not necessarily something for a cat, but the PlayStation Network, Sony is, I guess, trying to make this more like the virtual console.
Now, the rumor is, I guess, that they're going to try to put more non-PS1 titles on the PlayStation Network.
No word on exactly...
What systems are you talking about?
It's got to be arcade games.
It's got to be.
Just through process of elimination.
They can't put Nintendo games on there.
It would be pointless to then put Sega games on there now that they have that collection out.
Maybe they could strike a deal for TurboGrafx games or something, but I'm thinking arcade games.
We have Mortal Kombat 2 on PlayStation Network, right?
So I'm thinking arcade games.
Yeah, basically they're promising more PS1 titles and also more pre-PS1 retro titles.
So I'm guessing those will be the arcade games.
You can't really play...
Games like Mortal Kombat over the PSP thing, right?
Because I remember Mortal Kombat 2 was one of the first games that came out on PlayStation Network, but you can play it on PS3, but you can't play that on PSP, can you?
It doesn't have that whole functionality, does it?
You can't play multiplayer over Wi-Fi or anything like that.
The emulator that it uses to run those doesn't work that way.
Can you even download it to the...
Yeah, any PlayStation 1 games that are on the PS3 can be played on the PSP.
I don't know if Mortal Kombat 2 counts, though.
I'm talking specifically that one, because it wasn't a PlayStation 1 port.
That might have been an Xbox, or not an Xbox, like a PlayStation Network game.
Yeah, I think it was.
But if it's a PS1 classic title, then yes, that can be ported over.
If I would get a memory card for my PSP.
I could play Suikoden on the go.
But anyhow...
Jail Adults Who Allow Their Kids To Play Video Games That Are Violent
Yeah, this is according to Chief Censor Bill Hastings from New Zealand.
They might think the offense is silly, but it ain't.
Apparently, if you were to, let's say, let your kid play a violent video game, you know, shoot him up, blow some hookers in Grand Theft Auto, whatever, apparently, if you were the parent and you let your kid play this game, you could face up to three months in prison or a $10,000 fine.
This law is set up to send a message.
Um...
How about just let people raise their children?
The way they want?
Because when I read something like that, I'm like, a big brother is watching you.
How are they going to catch you?
Are they going to be watching me in my house or rely on people tattling on other people?
This doesn't make sense at all.
Dan and I had a conversation about this earlier today, actually.
Really?
That we actually wouldn't mind if our kids played violent games as long as we balanced it and had talks to them and everything.
GS68 in chat says, Parents, not government, should be in charge of what their kids play.
I think a very well-rounded statement.
Yep.
Interesting, though.
So you would probably let your kids play violent video games.
I don't know.
I'd probably play it with them.
Well, no.
I would play it with them.
Yeah, yeah.
In the right context, I think it would be all right.
I'm trying to think about myself because maybe someday I'll have a kid somehow or whatever.
But I don't know if  part of me says if you don't let them play it, they're going to find a way to do it.
And you're right.
If you're not the one playing it with them, then they might not get it in the right context, if that makes sense.
Well, on top of that, and this goes true for just about anybody, child, adult, whatever, the things that people are not allowed to do tend to be the things that they want to do just because they're not allowed to.
Do you know what I mean?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, you know, the same sort of logic applies to just about anything that people are told they can't do.
Like, okay, for example, let's actually use the recent Prop 8 crap.
You know, people are told they can't do something.
What happens?
People come out and force and protest it, right?
You know, and people, you know, they get it done while they can or find other ways to get it done.
I mean, that's what I'm saying is that it's there, you know what I mean?
Whenever someone says you can't do something, spite is a very big part of human nature.
That indignation that someone has the audacity to tell you you can't do something, you know?
Ever since we're little kids, don't you agree, Rob?
Oh yeah, and it's funny because sometimes for laughs I'll go read, specifically you're talking about Prop 8, which obviously is an issue I'm quite passionate about.
If you don't know why, you need to listen to the show more.
But here's the thing, I'll sometimes follow it on one of the local news sites where people can comment on it.
A lot of comments I see are, you guys report on this issue too much.
It seems like every day you're reporting on some protest.
That's because people are not going to shut up.
My point was...
I know, I'm sorry, I got on a tangent.
But no, that actually has to go with what I was saying is that you tell people they can't do something and that's going to rise up indignation.
People don't want to be controlled.
People don't want to be told no.
The reason why I'm comparing something as strong as a civil rights movement to something as arbitrary as food is that it all comes from the same...
Well, now food is a necessity.
Don't be gay, Sparky.
Don't be gay.
or, you know, why do you think little kids think it's so awesome to go and sneak around and do stuff behind their parents' back?
Because they know their parents are going to make a big deal out of it.
It's part of its attention, too.
Or, you know, why is it that people get, you know, let's rate this very R, why do people get turned on doing it in places that they know they're not supposed to?
Seriously, like the couple who was doing the... Whoa!
No, for real, there was a contest that was going around about, you know, who could do it in what area, and there were like points you'd get for touching.
Oh, wasn't that a big radio contest?
It was.
That was the Opie and Anthony thing that got them kicked off the air, right?
Where they had sex in a church or something?
Yeah, yeah, I remember that.
But why would it be such a big deal if they weren't allowed to do it?
Because you're not supposed to have sex in a house of God.
Exactly.
When you're yelling, oh God, oh God, that's not praying.
So, really, where would the allure be of a kid sneaking around behind his parents' back if there's no harm in it?
If the parents are going to be like, okay.
Do you see what my logic is?
No, I get it.
I'm going to be like that with my kid.
I mean, it's not that I'm going to, you know, I'm going to teach them the right and wrong, but video games are video games.
My whole plan is to teach them the difference between reality and unreality.
And I also don't care if they curse.
Alright, obviously this is soliciting a huge response from chat.
I want to read some of the chat comments we have here.
GameGuru says, I'll allow my kid to play any game but have talks if it's rated for older people.
SuperDude says, no flour for my kids.
Can't play a game as tame as flour.
SSJ100Matt says, Jamie will teach your kids to play pinball.
Hell fuck yeah!
And all the lyrics to Pinball Wizard.
No, I want to play good games with my kids.
GameGuru says, Government is full of idiots and I don't want idiots to raise kids.
Deekman has an interesting plan in chat chat.orangelunchradio.com live on Sunday night says when my girl gets older I plan on setting up an NES in her room and only letting her play NES games for two months then SNES for two months and so on so she gets an appreciation for classics
Maybe I also have this expectation that my child will be like me and my husband were and not be stupid.
Because I watched all kinds of crap and played all kinds of crap.
And as long as the difference was... I don't think a five-year-old should play Silent Hill.
Right.
But what five-year-old is going to be interested in Silent Hill?
Right.
But like, you know, when I was, for example, I don't look at it any different as me being allowed to read the books I was allowed to read as a child.
You know, the Scarlet Letter had to do with, you know, a woman conceiving an illegitimate child by having an affair.
How old were we when we read this?
How about the Grapes of Wrath dealing with the depression?
That's certainly an adult theme.
I read Atlas Shrugged when I was in 9th grade.
That actually deals with a lot of sex.
Catcher in the Rye is like the Quinta Shenshul sophomore year of high school book, right?
I never read it.
I read the Odyssey when I was in middle school.
I read the Inferno when I was in middle school.
But I look at it, it's got to be down to the parent's judgment.
I look at it the same way as, yeah, they're classic books, whatever people.
But the situations dealt with are for a different level of intellect and maturity.
And certainly, if I don't detect the level of maturity that I think is going to be able to handle that, then I'm not going to be the one to introduce it to them.
You know what I mean?
If it comes out that, yeah, I was at my friend's house and I saw this thing, then I'll be like, okay, well, let's have a talk.
You know, that's not real, right?
Okay, don't do that.
Let's get some chat comments.
This is a great discussion.
Bress Lowell says, Jamie read Playboy too.
I don't know about that.
For the articles though, right?
Bochikawa in chat says, Catcher in the Rye is like 6th grade now.
They grow up so fast.
Dan Shadow says, you know, with all these rainbows and unicorns, five-year-olds will really be into Diablo 3.
Possibly.
All right, some more serious comments in chat.
Death Wishing says, I personally think it's good to show kids M-rated games because it shows like Grand Theft Auto because it shows them that if they do something wrong, they get fucked by the police.
I don't know about that.
And what people are taking out of context is that... There was an XD after that, so I think there was a little tongue-in-cheek.
But I also think that what some people are taking out of context is that I'm not going to take a five-year-old, like I said, and play Silent Hill with them.
A lot of it is parents' discretion.
And, you know, like when my little sister... Okay, when my little sister was little, little...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Um, there's, there's a difference.
You know, you just have to trust sometimes that the kids are smarter than you give them credit for.
And I actually had this discussion with Dan's stepmother, and I'm not going to go into too detail, but I was like, we can't expect the government to do a parent's job for them.
The parent's responsibility is to that child until they are of age and can leave.
A person is a parent before conception.
That's how I see it.
A couple last comments from chat here and then we'll try to go ahead and move on for tonight.
This has been a good discussion and I'm sure we'll probably get some emails about this one.
Can't wait.
SuperDude in chat says, If kids can get their hands into R-rated movies, it's not that hard for them to get the M-rated games either.
Kids will always find a way to get the M-rated games because they know M-rated games are the shit.
DeathWishing in chat, last comment here I'm going to read, I play video games and I haven't killed anything except ants.
Fucking ants.
When I was 12 I found my mom's college level human sexuality book.
Only damage it did was give me some very happy boyfriends later in life.
Alright, look, we gotta make some time here since we did just read about a really ludicrous story.
Obviously these types of stories put us into a fit of rage and it's a part of the show that we like to call the FUs of the Week.
My first FU goes to people making assumptions.
This is directed towards certain people in my house who will not name names of.
And also I'd actually have to direct that towards myself too because I've made a couple of assumptions too, so...
my second I was about to say my second assumption I meant my second F you actually has to do with semis trying to do U-turns and intersections too small for them and my third one has to do with the Watchmen movie it should have been a fucking miniseries not a movie it's not means I didn't like it I just meant the story would have been better told through a miniseries you just wanted more of it
I wanted it better paced.
I'll put it that way.
It needed better pacing.
All right.
I don't really have a lot of FUs.
I guess FU to Daylight Savings Time because that really screwed up my weekend.
Otherwise, just an FU to the fact that I'm flying to Washington, D.C.
this week and I'm only going to be there for a day.
I'm flying there on Tuesday.
I'm going to be there Wednesday.
I'm flying back on Thursday.
So FU to not getting to spend quality time in a faraway town.
Loki.
FU to Cobblestones because they suck to walk on.
The Round and Awkward.
The Round and Awkward.
Fair enough.
That's going to do it for the FUs of the Week.
A segment we've done for the past many, many years here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get back into some gaming news.
We do have the mailbag coming up and the Skype line soon enough as well where we'll be taking your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR but not just yet.
We'll let you know when the phones are open.
We do still have some more stories we want to get to though before then.
Right, Jamie?
Yes, and this one's about Penny Arcade.
Washington State has passed a bill which is pretty much like damn you guys rock to the Penny Arcade founders Jerry Hulkins and Mike Krahulik.
But basically they were honored for their contribution to their state's industry because there are about 48 video game companies in Washington state.
And also they run a really, really excellent charity, The Child's Play, which has raised over $4.5 million for children's hospitals.
So very good.
And, you know, they also bring people to the state, like Penny Arcade Expo does.
Yeah, and, you know, just obviously, yeah, Penny Arcade Expo is probably a huge economy boost for the state, you know.
Especially for the restaurants and the bars.
Mm-hmm.
They're very happy about that.
Well, you may remember me talking about Eat Lead, The Return of Matt Hazard, a game that came out a couple weeks ago, actually last week, and kind of was a parody on the old video game genre and everything from old shareware games and RPGs and that kind of stuff.
Well, now they have a new Flash game that you can try out that actually recreates one of these fictional games
in the history of Matt Hazard.
And the game, of course, is Matt Hazard in Land Extreme Alpha Advance.
And it's a game you can check out at MattHazardExtreme.com.
Kind of a parody of a 16-bit game.
And they have a nice photo of Matt Hazard destroying what looks like a robotic Pegasus.
Huh.
Dan Shadow in chat says, Matt Hazard is not good, quite simply.
Were you a fan of Eat Lead eventually?
It was okay.
It wasn't great.
The game itself is funny, but the way it plays is kind of crap.
It was a good idea on paper, and then they tried to make it, and it just wasn't working.
It didn't work.
ApoCrippa?
AppleCrippa?
I don't know how exactly you say that.
Apocrippa.
Apocrippa.
I don't know how you say that.
But that is the expansion that's coming out this week, and apparently it's going to kind of change some things about the game.
If you're a new player in the game, you get some new epic mission arcs that are going to help guide you through the different factions in the EVE Online game, and so this means it's going to be a little more new player-friendly.
Probably to address some of those things that EVE Online is too damn difficult.
I've heard a lot of people have gotten into this game and they get blown away because I guess the whole thing is PvP.
So this will kind of help.
But if you're a veteran player and you want to get into this game, there will be some new wormholes that are going to show up in the game and you'll get some new enemies and some new items and things of that nature.
The enemies will now change their tactics based on your performance.
They might even call in backup, change some targets, use debuffs, whatever they're going to have to do to blow you up.
So check out that EVE Online expansion for Apocrypha.
A-P-O-C-R-Y-P-H-A.
Apocrypha.
That sounds right, Apocrypha.
There you go.
EVE Online, coming out soon.
Coming up right now, the Orange Lounge Radio Mailbag.
Every week you guys send us your emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We pick a few of our favorites and read them live here on the show.
So DarkSakura, why don't you dive into the mailbag?
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com Pick out some emails and read them for us right now.
Oh, do I gotta?
Yes, you do.
Okay.
First email is... Hello to everyone at the Orange Lounge, including random guests.
If there is one this week, that would just be Harvey, who is invisible.
Or Pikachu, if you're watching Justin TV.
We do have Pikachu, and he's armed with a sword tonight, which Loki's kind of sitting in front of us.
He can't really see, but he does have a sword.
That's Pimpin' Pikachu.
That's right, with his pimp hat tonight.
The other week you were talking about British telly and stuff that isn't worth watching on the BBC.
If you can access the BBC iPlayer, please, please, please make some time to watch a phenomenal new series called Being Human.
It's about a vampire werewolf and a ghost that share a house in Bristol.
It really is the best thing on TV at the moment.
It was MasterChef, but that's finished now.
I would love to know your thoughts.
I feel like I should inject something game-related here, so here's my gaming week slash month.
C.O.D.
World at War on the Wii, as Tony the Tiger says.
It's great.
Not sure if Tony the Tiger owns a Wii, though.
I'm going now.
Bye.
Love from Chard, age 23 and a half.
No, wait, I'm nearly 33.
Fuck, where did that come from?
That is what the email said, by the way.
Which was beautiful.
Wow, the next one's big.
Thank you, Spousinator.
Hi, folks.
If you three didn't mind, I have a few questions for you.
First of all, as of right now, I'm trying to change up how my 360 Elite is hooked up to my TV, mainly for convenience sake more than anything.
However, I'm running into issues.
Right now, it's hooked up to my 32-inch 1080i HD TV via component cables, but I'd like to be hooked up by HDMI and passing through an HDMI switch on its way to my TV.
As nearly as I can tell, it should be a no-brainer.
All this...
The seating seems correct, and it's just a matter of swapping cables.
However, every time I do attempt to switch my TV, it tells me it's receiving an invalid signal.
I read the 360's instructions, and it seems like I'm doing everything right.
Am I overlooking something obvious here?
Before you say it, I know I won't see an improvement in picture.
I'd just like the convenience of using my HDMI switch to switch between my cable box PS3 and PS3.
You said PS3 twice.
Anyone care to tackle that?
I ran out for just a minute.
What was the heart of the question?
Because I wanted to get a refill on my coffee.
Something about not getting the right picture?
He wants to hook up his Xbox 360 Elite through the HDMI switch, but it's getting invalid signal.
I'm not sure.
This might be a question better left for a Best Buy employee.
Do you have any thoughts, Loki?
Okay.
I'm not sure.
You should just hook it up and it should work.
Yeah, it should just kind of work.
Right now it's hooked up to my 32-inch HDTV via component cables, but I want it to be hooked up by HDMI.
But it should be a no-brainer.
Yeah, it should be a no-brainer.
Every time I do attempt it, my Switch TV says I'm getting an invalid signal.
Try new cables.
Yeah, it's got to be the Switch, the cable.
Something weird's going on there.
You're right.
It should be a no-brainer.
It ought to just work.
I think you probably thought of everything I might think of.
Should just be able to plug it in and go.
Some thoughts from our chat room, because of course when we can't think of the answer, usually our chatters can.
The Irish Gangster says, Microsoft wants you to buy a new cable.
Acidic Vampire says, you might have to use a Microsoft HDMI cable.
Nah, it doesn't matter.
It's just an HDMI cable, but it sounds like, I don't know, some issue there.
If you've got cheap cables, though, then that might be the problem.
We actually pretty much use them.
I think we pretty much stick with the Monster cables at my house.
Yeah.
I don't know if you've used that HDMI cable on anything else and maybe I've had issues.
It might be just poor shielded or something and for some reason it's getting the wrong signal to it.
There's another thing you can do maybe with it hooked up where you can reset your video settings on it and you might try that maybe booting up with the HDMI cable.
I think you hold...
I want to say it's either the right shoulder button or the right trigger and why, while you're booting up the system.
I'm sure if you look on GameFAQs or something like that, it should say how to do it.
One of them will reset the video, the other will format your hard drive, so be careful.
No, one will not format your hard drive.
That's something different.
That's a reset.
There's another one to reset your cache also.
Yeah, I think it's the shoulder button or the right trigger.
It's one of those and why.
Oh, is the little...
DarkSakura
SSJ100 Matt suggested he update it because they just updated the HDMI on Xbox Live.
Acidic Vampire says, I tried a generic cable and it didn't work, but it works on my PlayStation 3.
Dan Shadow says, don't buy monsters.
SSJ100 Matt says, I got an HDMI cable for less than a dollar and it works great.
Tony Tony Tony suggests switch to HDMI input.
CableWholesale.com, that's a good place to check for cables on HDMI.
I think this might be the best advice yet.
TigerClaw suggests maybe it's a handshake issue.
The HDMI switch must support HDCP, so maybe the switch is not good enough.
That's a good thought.
And then lastly, another thing to test, SSJ100Matt says, try plugging the HDMI cable directly into the TV.
And then a recruit who has not changed their name suggests they need to make sure their 360 is configured correctly.
So, wow, that's like a million different options.
Hope it works out for you, buddy.
Let us know what happens.
Sorry to Jamie.
Next part.
Additionally, in regards to last week's story about the lesbian that got banned from Xbox Live after reporting being harassed by others, I have a bit of an odd nagging question, which honestly I'm surprised no one else has asked.
Not to suggest in any way, shape, or form that Microsoft or the bullies were right, they obviously weren't by a long shot, but what exactly is the point of putting one's orientation on one's online profile on either Xbox Live or PSN?
Granted, I'm still fairly new to the whole Xbox Live scene and all, but as nearly as I can tell, the bio section of Xbox Live Profile is geared to inputting info about yourself that's gaming or gamer lifestyle related, such as what systems you own, what game genre players
How long one has been gaming, etc.
I don't see how one's orientation, regardless of what it is, has anything to do with gaming.
True.
As I stated on the show last year, the one where there was the talk about the so-called offensive retooling of space invaders for the art slash commentary purposes, I'm all for the First Amendment rights regardless of whether or not others are offended, but somehow talk of one's orientation in Xbox Live seems a bit out of place.
Although it's not perfect, the only analogy that comes to mind at the moment would be like going to an AA meeting and talking about all things Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
As with the analogy, AA meetings are for dealing with alcoholic issues, not TMNT.
and as nearly as I figure BIOS and Xbox Live profile are meant to be gaming related.
Am I missing something here?
Am I way off the mark or missing the point here?
I do hope that she gets her profile back and that she's not turned off from online gaming.
Frankly, even though there are a-holes online, gaming on Xbox Live or PSN can be a lot of fun.
I like to stab kittens in the face.
She's a lesbian.
I wonder though if I Love the Stab Kittens in the Face would be considered offensive and if that would get banned.
You probably would.
I wouldn't try it.
But I mean, if that's what she really wants to put in her profile...
Who am I to judge?
How many people actually read their profiles?
What?
Welcome to the Fantasy Zone.
Get ready.
Only the old school gamers.
The Sega fans.
You know what it's from.
Oh, completely off topic.
I actually found my copy of Space Fantasy Zone.
Congrats.
You're a winner.
I am.
All right.
So anyway, I, you know, and, and somebody else has said, uh, what is it?
Ponzi scheme in chat says, I listened to the interview on Major Nelson's podcast.
Microsoft is being ultra PC with this issue.
Of course, of course they have to be ultra PC with this issue.
They don't want to get, they don't want to get the pink mafia sick on them, which I completely understand.
You know, and obviously I think they realize this situation has been blown completely out of proportion.
Thank you, Internet.
But it's something that needs to be addressed.
So it'll be interesting to see what happens as a result.
All right.
Ready?
Mm-hmm.
Next email.
I'm sorry.
I have to say this one other comment from Ponzi Schema Chat.
I like Olive Garden's never-ending pasta.
Will I get banned for that?
No, but you might get fat.
Or diarrhea.
Hey OLR Crew, I've listened to your show for the past three years or so and I thought it would be nice to give you some thanks.
Thank you for helping me get through my customer service job, for entertaining me on long bus rides, and for keeping me sane.
Your podcast was the first one I ever listened to and it's one that I look forward to listening to every week.
There's another reason why I'm sending this email.
You see, I am sick and tired of people sending emails with crappy punctuation, grammar, and spelling.
Laziness is no excuse.
I thought it would be nice for DarkSakura to finally get a well-written, nearly error-free email for once.
In addition, just for the sake of proof of concept, this email is written from my iPod Touch with autocorrect turned off.
So you see people, it can be done.
I love you.
Alright, I'm stepping off my soapbox.
Maybe one day I'll email you with something video game related.
But that will have to wait for another day.
Midnight Skies.
This presentation of Grammar Nazi has concluded.
We now return you to your Orange Lounge Radio already in progress.
Actually, I've found no errors.
It was beautiful.
What do you want, a cookie?
Fanfare!
Oh god, don't make me dig up the soundboard.
Oh, well you were already doing it.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, Midnight Skies.
And, okay, and I think it was Sauce that pointed this out to me before, but I tend to read the emails like they're sent to me, including, you know, bad grammar, run-on sentences and all.
So, you can tell from the fluid way in which this email was read that it was properly phrased and properly punctuated, that it didn't make my heart hurt.
Okay, what's the emailer's name, Midnight Skies?
Midnight Skies.
Midnight Skies, congratulations!
You get a cookie.
This email is getting saved.
Never delete it or I'll stab a kitten in the face.
Alright, any more emails?
Next!
This is an inquiry email via OrangeZonesRadio.com from, oh dude, we have that cool thing set up, don't we?
What?
I guess this is through the website.
Oh, anyway.
This is me just going... Okay.
Hey there, OLR... It's from Irene.
Let's just do the rest of the radio show.
That was my tribute to Irene, the fart princess.
Hey there, OLR crew.
This be Lexo and yo.
Or Leoxen?
Laoxen?
I think it's Leo Shen.
That's what I've always said.
First of all, I'd like to say that OLR has got to be my favorite video game show of all time.
That aside, recently on your show I've heard the constant complaint that in Street Fighter 4, Seth, the final boss, is a cheap bitch.
I'd like to show you all a fighting game boss that is even worse than Seth.
Someone with the definition of a cheap bitch in fighting games who has the dreaded SNK boss syndrome times 10.
Okay, so I need to take a look at this.
I'd also like to mention that the boss in Tatsunoko vs. Capcom is also a cheap bitch.
Yes.
We are looking at a video here in studio of a fight from Arcana Heart 2.
That's brand new.
and I'm trying to, the video's buffering.
It's all chick fighting.
Well, that's not anything new.
Alright.
Alright, so yes, I'm looking at this boss fight.
Yes, we're watching.
It's a pretty game.
It is pretty, but she's got nice boobies.
I mean, you can't, I can't falter for that.
She's way too covered, though.
At least the one on the left is.
So the video's a little bit of a low quality.
That's what I'm saying, the one on the right.
Alright, anyway, I'm sorry.
Oh, did you see those?
Exactly, that's what I'm saying.
That's her, like, knee bouncy.
Alright, sorry, what's the rest of the email?
I'm actually just watching the... Oh my god, cheat bitch much?
Damn!
Okay, so...
They have a special pink controller that you can get for this.
Who cares?
I want it.
I want this game.
I think I'm going to have to get this game.
Alright.
So anyway, back to the email that was currently in progress.
She happens to come from the all-girl fighter called Sugoi Arcana Heart 2.
Sugoi means WOW!
Her name is... I think that's what Loki said when he saw those boobies.
Yeah.
Her name is Paraslesia, I guess.
And she just happens to be an elven woman who can summon four elemental spheres to take you down.
What makes her so bad, you may ask?
Well, first off, she has an auto-regen super meter, some special attacks that when they connect, it spells an instant 70% or more of your health depleted.
We did notice that.
Email her.
She can be beaten, but you need some mad skills to do so.
The video shows her on normal mode.
I can honestly say that she's just as bad on easier modes.
Imagine if Seth was like that, OLR.
I bet some people would have stopped playing Street Fighter 4 arcade mode altogether if Seth was that tough.
Well, you know, I do have to mention that Seth is sort of like, you know, wearing just like a thong type thing.
I would be fine if she was just wearing just a thong.
Let her finish.
Well, just wanted to show a boss that would make Seth her bitch.
Keep up the great work with the show, but Seth does gut suck.
You're fighting game addicted listener, Lioshen.
P.S.
This message is brought to you by Sugoi Arcana Hearts 2.
It's so good, you'll slap your mama.
Kidding, of course.
I love you, mama.
Peace out, OLR.
That was a pretty funny email, I think.
That means that almost every other sequel that comes out, we should all say Sugoi in front of it.
Like, wow.
Hey guys!
Oh no, sorry, I was on the next email.
Dan Shadow in chat says, Well, who doesn't have a jiggle in their breast when unleashing their special?
I can't be the only one without problem.
I think that the next email is from Dan Shadow.
Oh, well then let's hear it.
Hey guys, Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is one of my most cherished games.
After school, my friends and I would go to the local pizza place and just rock that arcade every day.
I hope that a new one will be made.
To get to the point, what new Marvel fighters do you think should make it into a new game if one was made today?
Which characters deserve to get scrapped?
I personally hope Dante from Devil May Cry, the Bionic Commando, and Bucky as Captain America would be in it.
Keep it real guys, the Cold Stone is delicious.
I want Deadpool!
I want Deadpool in my damn fighting game.
Could you imagine Deadpool versus Dan?
That would be funny as fuck because it would be taunting back and forth the whole time.
Except Deadpool would pull out a gun.
I don't have the comic book knowledge to really answer that question from the Marvel standpoint, but from the Capcom standpoint, I agree with the Bionic Commando guy with the arm.
That would be pretty hilarious.
That's a good suggestion.
He was a helper in the first Marvel vs. Capcom.
This is who I would see, though, in my dream from Capcom characters.
I would actually... You totally need to leave Strider Hero in it, but I would actually have a palette swap for He-In from Strider 2.
Also, you should totally have... For playable, I agree with the new Captain America.
I agree.
We should have... Well, I would totally say put Luke Cage in it, because...
How about Arthur from Ghouls N' Ghosts?
He was a helper, and honestly, I don't see him doing the fighting type.
Unless maybe if he was on a second bard, he fought in his underwear.
Yeah, I was just going to say, when he gets down to low life, his suit gets knocked off or whatever.
Or he has the gold armor during a power-up.
I don't know.
I'm stupid.
I want Forte.
Or... Bass.
Rob.
From Rockman.
Mm-hmm.
Um...
I'd actually like to see Ingrid.
And I definitely want Sakura in the game.
I don't know.
There's just so much to choose from.
Alright, enough fanboy wank.
That's it.
Wank, wank, wank.
Speaking of wank, oh, I'm sorry, that was wang today.
Oh, in the Watchmen movie?
Yeah.
I've heard, I've heard.
Big blue cock.
I think it's all CGI, though.
Actually, I will go ahead and tell everybody this who's going to see the movie.
Unless you're like looking at his crotch, the cock is not distracting.
Unless you're looking for it.
Cock is always distracting.
I don't know, DarkSakura.
It glowed with the rest of him, so it was kind of hard to see.
Do you want six-story cock?
Do you want it to be blue and radioactive?
Yes, please.
Let's get one more story and then we're going to open up the Skype line to your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR
Yeah, so, let's see, there's some possible announcements that are going to happen later this week, actually.
Supposedly on March 12th, kind of going along with their whole launch event for Resident Evil 5 in San Francisco, there is some evidence suggesting that they're going to announce a brand new Resident Evil title for the Wii.
And that Resident Evil title just might be a port or remake of Resident Evil Code Veronica.
Yeah.
and apparently there's been a lot of rumors going around saying, hey, if you're a Resident Evil Wii fan, we've got some great news for you.
I don't know.
I mean, honestly, I didn't think Code Veronica was that great from what I remember reading as far as reviews go and stuff.
I don't know.
Code Veronica did come out, though, on the GameCube back in 2003.
So maybe they're doing a Resident Evil 4 Wii version type thing for this.
I don't know.
Maybe just adding the Wii controls to it.
I don't think that would be that exciting if that's what they're doing.
But maybe a brand new Code Veronica game.
Who knows?
But maybe a brand new Resident Evil game for the Wii.
Anything, I guess, is pretty good.
AcidicVampire wonders aloud in our chat room, why Veronica?
Why not Resident Evil 2?
I don't know.
Maybe because, you know, not that... I want to say not that many people had a Dreamcast, but compared to the Wii, not that many people had a Dreamcast.
and the Rob D in chat says the reviews for the Code Veronica were all pretty good on the Dreamcast.
Alright, hey, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are going to open up the phone lines right now to take your calls.
Do we have any last minute stories while we're waiting?
I think we hit out almost everything that was in the show roll thread this week, but I don't know, Loki, did anything come up last minute tonight?
Or DarkSakura?
Cock.
I was waiting for you to take a sip.
I timed it wrong.
Yeah, I had coffee.
I ran in during that last story because I've drank two cups of coffee, so you know why I had to run in the house.
I don't need to explain.
Rob had to tinkle.
Yes.
I don't know.
I guess like a small thing, I guess some of the cars from Burnout are going to be in Godfather 2.
Interesting.
That doesn't make any sense to me, but okay.
All right.
We got a call on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Brest Law, how you guys doing?
Brest Law!
Damn, we haven't heard from you on the show in a long time.
You know, in chat, you never shut up, but it's nice to hear your actual voice.
How have you been?
I don't know what you're talking about.
How have you been, sir?
I have been well, except for my Xbox red-ringing, which is the complete stem of that little rant I wrote on our news page.
But before it red-ringed, a mini-review of a game that's been out for a while, the Sega Sonic Genesis Mega Collection.
Yes.
I don't know if you guys have talked about this.
We have.
We lavished Fanboy Wank upon it a few weeks ago.
It's probably the best bang for your buck on the Xbox right now.
It's almost 50 games for $30.
And you can get a lot of play out of it.
You get two Shining Forces, four Phantasy Stars, all the Sonics.
There's at least 80 hours of gameplay in there.
What I didn't really like is...
You can change the video settings, but it's only within each game.
There's not a global setting.
That gets kind of annoying.
The games also, just like everything else that's happened with old ports, they don't look good in 720p.
No, they don't.
You know what, though?
I agree maybe a global setting would be nice, but the game does remember from game to game how you have it set.
So some games look better with that stretched faux 16x9 than others.
Other games were not meant to be played in that stretched 16x9, but games like Sonic Spinball actually work really well in the stretched 16x9.
absolutely I agree with that I mean a lot of those Sonic games look good in 16x9 and you know the smoothing feature is probably one of the worst things I've seen but there's two games that actually look good with them and they're Sonic 3 and Sonic & Knuckles but overall it's 30 bucks go get it yeah it's not bad I actually reviewed it on PlayStation 3 because I when I went to get it they didn't have it on 360 so I just said eh what the hell it's the same game so I got it on PlayStation 3 but you know same same and it's a great collection yeah absolutely and um
Super Mario Bros.
3 vs. Rock Band
And I know at least one person on the air right now voted Rock Band very protest-like.
Yes.
But that was me.
Just because I wanted revenge on Tetris for it beating Super Metroid, but I still believe Rock Band has no business being in the top four games of all time.
Mario 3, I can see that.
I can see that.
That comes from this show's roots as a music game show.
Sure, I understand that.
Please, I spent most of my gaming week playing Rock Band.
It's not that I dislike Rock Band by any means, but it's no Mario 3.
It's no Final Four game, and it's no One Seed.
Maybe in a couple years.
It needs to age like a wine a little bit.
Link to the Past
I still have a hard time accepting that Chrono Trigger beat Final Fantasy 6, but that's my own, because I love Final Fantasy 6, but I understand there is so much fanboy wank, for lack of a better term, out there for Chrono Trigger, especially with the recent release.
I can see that, but I'm a little disappointed that Final Fantasy 6 didn't pull through, but I guess if it's going to be beat, at least it didn't get beat by like...
DDR or something.
You know what I mean?
If Final Fantasy 6 is going to get beaten by a game, at least it was Chrono Trigger.
At least I can say, okay, I understand that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, and it's the same thing along Mario 3 beating DDR, finally.
Yeah.
Also, if you haven't heard and you are in the Pacific Northwest area, the convention that I staff at, SakuraCon, is going to have SmileDK there.
It's their second North American appearance ever.
It's in a month, so I think pre-registration closes next Sunday.
I think it's $45 for all three days, so if you want to go and meet SmileDK.
Also, we're going to be doing Under Sedation Live on location.
Is Travis going out there for that?
Travis is not, but we have an internet connection and they're sure to be a lot of fun involved with that.
You know what?
If the Southwest prices stay low, I might just have to consider it because my friend can give me a really good discount on rooms and stuff.
I might have to consider it, Press Low, because especially if you can get us an interview with SmileDK, I might really have to do it.
Oh, dude, absolutely.
Interesting.
I don't know.
I can't speak for the other two, but I will always take an excuse to go to Seattle.
Absolutely.
I took an excuse to move here.
I don't know, but then at the same time, I've also been promising Chicago for years and years, and I kind of feel like an obligation that if I'm going to do one, I kind of need to make ASEN happen, but we'll see.
All righty.
Well, that's it, really, from here in Seattle.
So, nice hearing from you guys again.
All right.
Thank you as well, Breslow.
And keep writing those articles for the website.
Good time.
All right.
And by the way... Yes.
He hung up on us, little bastard.
All right.
By the way, speaking of articles on the website, while we're waiting for another call at 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio, I wanted to plug something on the website real quick.
It's an article that was just posted, and I thought this was actually a pretty good idea, something that was posted by Deekman.
Kind of a different contest here for the best Konami games, because Konami's 40th birthday is coming up in a couple weeks.
We are going to actually do on OrangeLoungeRadio.com the top three favorite Konami games is what you post, and then we're going to count down the top five games in special highlight articles.
That's kind of fun.
So kind of counting down the top Konami games.
Obviously, we have a history with Konami here at this station, so I fully expect that Beatmania 2DX will be the number one.
How can it not?
With our audience, I would be shocked and awed if Beatmania 2DX is not number one.
That wouldn't be my number one.
I don't know.
I'd have to sit down and think long and hard.
I'd really have to look at a big list of Konami games.
I would put some obscure shit in there, though.
I would tell you that.
You know what the top of my list would be, Rob?
What's that?
Dracula X. Ah, ooh, that is Castlevania.
Now it's tough.
That one specifically.
I know, I know.
So check that out on our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's go back to the phones because it's been ringing, and I'm sorry, guys, if I haven't been picking up, but I wanted to get that out there.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma.
What's up, everyone?
Not much.
How you doing, Ranma?
Good.
I'm recovering from restoring windows on my computer.
But other than that, life's been pretty good.
Yeah.
Good, good.
What do we owe this phone call to tonight?
Some information that I happened to come across.
I meant to discuss the last time I spoke to you guys.
Now, as you know, Sega was at Comic-Con back in February.
Mm-hmm.
It seems that another video game company is looking into going at the conventions as well.
How so?
Well, as you guys know, I work for a company where we go to cons, we set up booths, and we sell items.
Now...
We're doing Anime Boston in May, and we just got information about a couple of weeks ago, about two, three weeks ago, about our location, where we're going to be.
It seems that our booth is going to be, you ready for this, directly across from Nintendo.
Huh, interesting.
Wow, okay, so Nintendo is going around the cons.
What do you think they're going to be showing off?
Do you think it's just the Wii, or what?
I really don't know.
I'm thinking either they're going to be like a booth version of Nintendo World set up there, or actually Nintendo will be coming down with kiosks with the displays that show off a lot of games.
Considering the business that you're in, if it's what I think it is, if it's still the same, I think that's very funny that you're going to be directly across from Nintendo, actually.
Well, because they kind of screwed us over at one convention, they gave us first dibs, and when we picked it, that's when we found out afterwards that Nintendo's directly across from us, so everyone at the booth will be doing Nintendo-themed cosplays.
Ha ha, I see.
Okay, trying to get some attention.
Very smart.
Well, we try.
Very smart.
Well, I expect a full report and pictures because sadly, Anime Boston, I don't think, you know, considering I've got two other cons I'm trying to weigh between, I don't think Anime Boston's going to happen.
However, however, PAX East Coast in 2010, you know I want to go to that.
Oh, you best be there, man.
That will be my arrival in Boston.
And I have internet friends in that area that I want to go visit anyway, so it works out.
So we'll see.
Well, good luck with that.
Any other conventions coming up that we ought to know about or our listeners?
Well, if you're in New York, New Jersey, Tri-State area coming up, we have Castle Point Anime Convention, Hoboken, New Jersey, and Icon 29, I believe, which is one of the East Coast's biggest sci-fi conventions.
It's sci-fi and medieval arts.
Alright, sci-fi and medieval arts.
It reminds me of that whole Margaret Cho joke about why is it that Star Trek always seems to go hand-in-hand with the Ren Faire.
I don't know, sorry, random thought.
I don't know about you, but Star Trek can go with almost anything, you know?
It really can, it really can.
Alright, Ranma, we're going to let you go to get some more calls, but thank you so much.
Alright, cool.
Alright, later.
There's a lot of you guys hammering the line tonight, so I want to try to get to as many calls as I can.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
DSMaster26 Hi DSMaster26, what's on your mind?
Not much more game review for you and a few comments and suggestions for the show Alrighty Well, um, cause I'm an F-Zero fan, I mean, who isn't in this house, you know?
Love F-Zero, wish they would put a new one out on the Wii already, yeah?
And just to fill the time, I'm waiting for a freaking DS version to come out I have a PSP here, as you can tell
And so I'm like, you know, it's a lot better to fill it than wipe out pure, right?
So I'm like, okay.
I stored up everything.
I have all my friend's game saves who had all the classic packs and everything because I can't download them for some weirdo reason.
They closed the site to download stuff for them.
But it's a little bit more challenging than that, so I'll tell you that.
It is.
I've played the Wipeout on PlayStation Network.
I can't remember the name of it.
I think it's just Wipeout HD.
And it's a little harder than F-Zero.
It's such a different style, too.
F-Zero to me is a little more cartoony, but don't take that too literally.
You know what I mean?
Like F-Zero GX especially, which is one of my favorite racing games ever, is not definitely a cartoony-looking game.
But Wipeout feels a little more, I don't know, just a little more edgy than F-Zero.
Usually that's a term that means one's better than the other.
Not in this case.
I don't know, but it's so hard to get on your show sometimes.
Have you guys ever thought of doing an open mic or conference call with Skype?
Like AGI and DPL did?
What do you mean?
Like just opening it up so that every person can come on and chat and stuff?
I think the only problem with that is that we try to cover a lot of ground during the show, and I think if we did that, it would just kind of turn into this giant cluster of a show.
What I would love, I would love to take calls throughout the show, but we need somebody to screen the calls in order to be able to do that to make sure people are going to stay on topic again so the show can flow.
One of the feedback I hear about the show very often is that it's almost a little too long.
So I would just be afraid that if we did kind of just... I mean, we got on enough tangents as it is.
If we let it get on even more tangents, I'd just be afraid we'd be here for six hours.
Which, you know, I do love this show, but I also love going to bed at a decent hour.
But, you know, that's why we do at least a Skype line, try to get the feedback.
And I know not everybody can always get through, but we try to do the emails and chat room comments.
And we like to think, out of all the gaming podcasts out there, we're one of the more interactive ones that are out there.
But I know there's other shows doing their thing.
But speaking of all games and all that stuff, you know, look forward to at E3...
Thanks for watching!
I would love to do live E3 shows where the listeners can call in and ask us questions and all that.
But I don't know if without the E3X, or what do they call it, the E3 Arena this year, I don't know if that's going to be as possible.
It's going to be interesting.
By the way, I also saw an episode of Sessler's Soapbox a dollar a day.
And actually, strange enough, I didn't get it from the G4 TV set of my PSP, because get this,
Thank you for watching!
I'm sorry, I don't understand why you'd want to close out one of your... Why would you want to shut the door on your listeners?
I mean, I guess when you're a TV station and you have that type of money, you can make those types of decisions, but I just think it's crazy talk to close the door.
I mean, maybe it was costing them too much to produce, but how much can it cost to translate a movie into PSP format?
It seems a little silly.
A little silly.
Yeah, and Fessler's Soapbox was going on about kids playing Emory games and how, you know,
It's no different than some kid possibly, you know, seen in a Radar movie.
I mean, heck, when I was 11, I saw The Matrix and I was, you know, Radar.
Did I end up doing sniping people?
No.
Frickin' Chad Thompson, who's, well, thank God, disbarred, um...
Music is head screwed up straight.
I know.
Unfortunately, these guys run with the one bad apple that ruins it for the rest of us normal people.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, because of that, the only other way I was able to get my hands on GTA LCS was on Amazon with my debit card.
Yes, I have one.
I used to have a job, but now I'm dead broke with only $1.20 in my account.
I don't have enough to pay taxes.
I am so screwed.
Oh, no.
Starting to get a little depressing.
All right.
Well, is there anything else you wanted to comment on before we try to get some more calls?
Yeah.
You know, I kind of listened back to episode 312 and what Dan said.
I went over to GameStop and whatever.
You know, like,
Sorry, we still can't give you a replacement or whatever.
And so, basically, I don't know what else to go at here other than spend $20 on a faceplate and whatever and replace next.
I think that might be the issue.
It might be what you're going to have to do at this point.
Were you using it in the shower?
Prioritize.
Prioritize.
Prioritize.
Yeah, because I spent a bunch of money on my prom date with my girlfriend who also plays Destroy All Humans and says that's better than GTA because she says flying saucers are better than tanks, but I don't know.
What's your view on that?
Prioritize.
Since I've been a prom date before, I wouldn't have wanted a whole lot of money spent on me if it was at the expense of someone being able to pay their bills.
But, you know, it's all going to be worth it because we're going to be watching Twilight.
Alright.
Well, anyway, DS Master, we've got to let you go.
We've got to get some more calls before we end up.
But thank you so much for your call, and good luck with the monies.
I know it's a tight time for a lot of people right now, but things will work out.
They always do.
Alright, good luck, buddy.
Peace out, and keep rocking the show.
Alright, we'll try.
See ya.
All right, we'll probably take like one more call on the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
I wanted to read some comments that were in chat, and now I can't find them.
Darn it.
It was a little while ago.
Oh, SSJ100Matt says, OLR was the first show to use Skype.
I still believe to this day that that is true, that we were, but nobody probably believes me.
Anyway, we got one more call.
We'll take it, and then we're going to wrap up the show.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Deathwishing.
Hi, Deathwishing.
What's on your mind?
First, I'd like to say no more cock jokes, DarkSakura.
You got a whole chat storm of cock jokes, and it was very...
All right.
Unfortunately, that happens sometimes, is that one funny thing is said and the chat just won't let it die, but that's just part of the... It's a revival of the old Big Black Cock.
Oh, God.
It's Charm?
I don't know.
Oh, I forget it.
What did you call in about tonight?
I would like to comment on the Guitar Hero, you know.
Holy crap, there's a lot of them.
For real, right?
Did you hear earlier when we were saying can you hear the milking of the franchise?
I personally call it, you know the weird 30-year-old guy that stays in his mom's basement and has an addiction to porn?
It's pretty much he's running out of Vaseline.
You better watch it because I've got two of those three.
I'm 30 years old and addicted to porn.
But do you live with your mom?
No, I don't, thankfully.
That's the thing.
Wait, so what about the guys that live with their mom?
These are the guys that are going to be buying the games?
No, no, I'm just saying that's like an example.
That's an example of what they're doing to it.
My problem is that the Guitar Hero games aren't exactly the same as like Rock Band.
Whereas Rock Band, say for example, someone was actually doing a comparison with the amount of games that Rock Band releases.
And to be honest, the games that they release, like the track packs or whatever, it's just download content that's available now on disc.
It's not something that you necessarily need to buy.
It's nothing new unless you don't have internet.
But the Guitar Hero games, they're all these different new tracks that you can't dump together.
So you have to buy all these games, and each one has to be played separate, and that's retarded.
And that's one thing I really like about Rock Band 2 as well, is that it seems like the developers of Rock Band are continuing to add to Rock Band 2.
Granted, yeah, you got the ACDC game, but they didn't really bother to promote that that much.
It was just kind of a one-off thing, like, hey, this is out there, you can get this.
You want it?
Go get it.
And then everything is pouring into Rock Band 2.
They have all this regular content and so on and so on.
And sure, okay, the Beatles game is going to be a completely separate game.
But it's the fucking Beatles.
They're allowed.
Well, and that's the deal that they had.
They would have done it as a Rock Band track pack, but the people that have the Beatles license, they're like, uh, no.
Which, again, it's the Beatles.
They're allowed.
There's not a lot of bands I'd say that for.
Thanks for watching!
I don't know, it's all these games, all these artist-specific games.
To me, it sounds very risky because not everyone loves Metallica, not everyone loves Van Halen, not everyone loves Aerosmith.
I hate Smith.
And the other thing, too, they're all, well, you get 40-some tracks for $60 or whatever, that's a great deal.
I might not want all those tracks.
At least with Rock Band, I can pick and choose what I want.
And that's why I love Rock Band.
from a gamer standpoint right now somebody who's been playing music games for about 10 years now I definitely prefer Rock Band to Guitar Hero at this point in time for these reasons that we've been stating it's just a better package to me
And plus, also consider this, the Guitar Hero on tour, the DS one, eh, you know, what are they trying to do with that?
The DS one gives you carpal tunnel.
Yeah, and they're trying to condense the guitar playing experience into the DS, which just doesn't really work.
And honestly, those DS games, they're about as different with each other as, unfortunately, the guitar-freeze games in the arcades.
It's basically trackless update, trackless update, let's reskin it a little bit, done.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
No stupid peripheral to plug in my PSP, just making music in a way that's just different.
It sounds great.
Now, here's a thought.
This would be kind of cool.
Can you imagine if they were to do a game like that for, say, the 360 or whatever, and the PS3 kind of like this amplitude rock band thing, but it took all the music that you downloaded from rock band and allowed you to use that?
Jizz in my pants
AudioSurf AudioSurf
All right, well, hey, any other final thoughts before we get on out of here and wrap up the show?
I went to UCLA, and they have two Street Fighter cabinets, four cabinets there.
At UCLA, really?
Yeah.
Big scene there?
Were they busy?
Well, I went there when it was lunch because I'm not that old.
I'm only 16.
I went on a field trip there.
And there was, like, it was lunchtime.
There was about, like...
Arcade Infinity Arcade Infinity
it's out in City of Industry and actually we've back in the day when we were much more into the DDR and Beatmania we would drive all the way from Sacramento where we're based to go to this arcade to play some of the legendary games I think it was the Gundam game that was epic there was just so many epic games I haven't been there in a long time but I imagine they've got quite a crowd of people too around these fighting games so you know there's definitely an audience for it the only arcades I ever really went to were like I think the Sega one I knew near me
Oh, GameWorks.
Which has gone now.
No, it's all Sega.
It was all Sega, but then it got turned into GameWorks, I think.
Oh, because I knew that GameWorks was a Sega arcade.
I think I know what he's talking about.
I can't remember.
I might have been there once, but anyway.
It had this awesome helicopter game where you rolled around and stuff.
The Sega 360.
Was that the Tatsu?
Was that a Sega thing?
That's the Sega 360.
Was it?
It's a lot better than the Tatsu thing.
Oh, okay.
A little different.
But arcades are pretty much dead now.
And it's sad because, you know, all the online gaming has really put a dent in it.
It's going to take something epic to bring people back.
But who knows?
Maybe when the recession wraps up.
I know a way to bring back arcades.
Real quick, what is it?
Boobs.
We'll see what happens.
All right, Deathwishing, we've got to let you go to wrap up this show.
Good luck on your quest for boobs in arcades.
All right.
I'll be a millionaire one day.
Just watch.
All right.
You heard it here first.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
I wonder if anybody's thought about trying that, like mixing a strip club with an arcade with, I don't know, maybe there's local laws.
I approve.
I don't know.
No, I mean, that's just a strip club with an arcade in it.
The problem is, though, is you really want, I mean...
They don't want arcade games in a strip club because one, you have to pay money to get into a strip club and two, it takes away from the time that the strippers have with you so they can't get paid.
What if you got a lap dance while playing Street Fighter 4?
That'd be distracting.
Yeah, it would be a little distracting.
I tried.
Alright, we're going to take a minute to wrap up the show here.
But a strip club with video game themes, that could be doable.
Or video games and anime themes, that could be doable.
That sounds like a bad convention.
Like a cosplay strip club.
But not with nasty looking chicks.
Is that like when Consumer Electronics Show is going on at the same time as the adult video convention?
Something like that, yeah.
Remember they just need to combine them into one?
All right, we've got to wrap up the show.
Enough silly talk.
We need to wrap up the show.
We were running a little long tonight, which is fine.
We've had a good show, a lot of good discussion tonight.
Yeah, it was a good show.
Good calls, good discussion, good chat.
I'm feeling good about tonight's show, so thank you all for making it a success.
I don't think there's any more last-minute stories, right, Loki?
You said you had them all wrapped up.
Yeah, there's some Guitar Hero stuff coming out this month, including Queen.
No, we'll download tracks, including Queen.
Oh, well, that is epic.
I will premise a story for Queen.
Yeah, so there's some interesting songs, including, I'm trying to think what they were now, as I pull this up.
I think Killer Queen was one of them, which is interesting.
And then, let's see here.
It was nothing like Bohemian Rhapsody or anything cool like that, unfortunately.
Oh, here we go, here we go.
They had Killer Queen, which is going to be part of the Queen Track Pack.
We Are The Champions.
Actually, no, Killer Queen isn't in that.
It's We Are The Champions, Fat Bottom Girls, and Sea Liberty.
And those are all going to be available in the Queen Track Pack on March 26th.
The week before that, they're going to have the Jimi Hendrix Track Pack with Freedom, Angel, and Foxy Lady, the live version.
Nice.
On March 19th.
Also available March 19th would be the European Track Pack.
I'm not sure if these were available in Europe.
I'm sure it might be just European bands.
With What Have You Done by Within Temptation, I Are Comet Alex by Dai Toten Hosen, and Carolina by M-Klan.
And then finally, available last week, Break It Out by Vanilla Sky, In The Shadows by Rasmus, and C.S.
Comey's
by Lesrita Mitsuko.
I don't know.
I think I butchered that last name.
Mitsuko.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
We got to wrap up.
We're going to get all the closing thoughts and wrap on out of here for tonight.
We are running a little long tonight.
The show is very, very long, but that's all right.
It was a good show.
DarkSakura, your final thought for us tonight.
Happy birthday, Chris.
I agree!
Happy birthday, Chris!
How dare I not say anything?
I left her a message on Facebook earlier, but, you know, just got sidetracked with the show.
Yes, happy birthday, Chris, one of the OLR lesbians.
My final thought would be I am craving Pringles.
And no, this isn't a G4 show back in the day that were all sponsored by Pringles, but I really am craving Pringles.
Loki, your final thought.
I am not craving Pringles.
Pringles are nasty.
Pringles are not nasty.
You're nasty.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Have a great week.
Thank you guys so much for downloading us or tuning in live, whatever the case may be.
Or watching on Justin.TV even if you're doing that.
Thank you guys for listening to Orange Lounge Radio for yet another week.
Remember, if you like the show, all we ask, tell a friend.
Tell somebody about the show.
Leave a rating somewhere.
Retweet that the show is on.
Whatever it is, spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio because we do rely on word of mouth to get the word out there.
and that's all we ask.
Otherwise, we hope you guys have a great week.
We'll see you back here next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
