This week, a new service starting up means another one is shutting down, but one single
game ending means that many more are becoming available.
It's a new month, and a new story about EA's decisions makes it to the top.
We'll explain all the changes that are in store on the show, where every gamer has a
voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this August 3rd, 2014, with the 562nd episode of our program.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming
culture, and the gamer lifestyle, hopefully hiccup-free this week, thank you very much,
with my co-host.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Can't talk, I have a milkshake.
Speaking of sick, you were out sick last week.
I had the plague.
I think you and I had a similar thing, because I was here on the show, and I did the show
anyway, and I had hiccups, and then I was feeling really sniffly, and sure enough, I
missed work on Tuesday.
I didn't have sniffly things, my stomach felt like rocks were in it, and I ended up having
to eat very, very plain, plain chicken broth and rice, because every time I would eat something,
it would cause immediate reflux.
You.
So, yeah.
I think mine was a case of gastritis.
Happy place, video games, yay.
I have chocolate milkshake this week.
There you go.
Is it bringing all the boys to the yard?
Mm.
All right.
Well, I know who it did bring to the studio.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you?
Doing fine.
So, a little bit before we went live tonight, we did a little taste test, and I think a
lot of your friends and people on YouTube and Facebook are talking about this contest
that's happening for the second year, and that's the whole Lay's Do A Flavor contest
where they have the crazy chip flavors, and last year, what, they had chicken and waffles,
which was amazing.
Sriracha, the garlic bread one, right?
You mean the spicy ketchup one?
Yes.
So, this year, and I just had Loki and Dark Soccer, I tried these before the show, and
I'm curious what you thought, Loki.
We had wasabi ginger, which you refused to touch it.
I don't like wasabi or ginger, so this wouldn't have been good.
And then there was cappuccino, which I think is way better than people are giving it credit
for.
They taste like Taco Bell cinnamon twists to me.
It's kind of meh.
All right, and then there was bacon mac and cheese.
That was really good.
Of course.
That was really good.
Of course, because bacon.
It was really cheesy.
No, the thing is, I didn't even taste the bacon in it.
I like this show.
All right, and then my favorite reaction I saw to you all night, mango salsa.
Oh, that was nasty.
Where you literally went through it.
It wasn't bad.
It was absolutely nasty.
It was not bad.
All right, we're going to the chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at the
Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Blackall show.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice and you guys can join in in our live chat
room, live.vognetwork.com.
And you know, every gamer has a voice, even when they're wrong, such as Brad from Pod
Culture, who says the chicken and waffles one was nasty.
You're entitled to your wrong opinion.
Those were the best.
Okay, maybe you all don't agree with me.
That's fine.
Everybody gets to have a voice.
Hey, we've got a voice here in studio tonight that we haven't heard from in years and years
and years, but thanks to the magic of running into each other at conventions, we've got
him back on the show tonight and I'm hoping his mic works.
Say hello everybody to Jonas back on the show tonight.
Hello.
Hey Jonas, how are you doing?
I've been doing great.
I know it's been seven years since the last time we met.
Has it really been seven years since you've been on the show?
Yeah, I think so.
Because I remember I came to the show before SacAnime of 2007 because you've heard it better
and I was like, oh, I'll stop by the Orange Dance Radio to talk.
You're a little quiet, so just make sure that mic gets a little closer to your mouth.
Can you all hear me now?
Yes, we can.
Okay.
Yeah, it's been seven years because I remember me, I guess I was talking to one of you guys
to have a panel at SacAnime on July 2nd.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, we had one years and years ago.
I don't know why we haven't had one since, it never is hooked up.
That was the same year I bought the Dalek.
Oh, and SacAnime's Dragon Con weekend now, which VOG does a lot of stuff with Dragon
Con, so I go out to Atlanta now.
And maybe they're cosplaying, by the way.
Awesome.
Yeah, I know the SacAnime weekend is usually tough for summer because it's the same time
as Dragon Con, as mentioned, as well as PAX.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that's where we went in 2008.
That's probably how we kind of lost touch because we went there the next year.
Well, it's fantastic to have you back on the show and believe it or not, we have some new
listeners since 2007.
Oh, that's great.
Not everybody knows you, but we all met playing DDR, which if you don't know the history of
Orange Lawn Radio, Dark Soccer, Loki, myself, we all met at Roseville Golf Land or Milpitas
Golf Land or some, insert golf land here, playing Dance Dance Revolution and the old
school music games.
And this was born of that community, really, and Jonas, you were a part of that community
as well, right?
Correct.
So I have to ask you, do you still dabble in the foot stomping and all this?
DDR, not so much, but whether it's DDR or ITG, it's kind of out of touch a little bit.
Only because DDR is only in Japan now because of the future installments.
Right.
You know what's funny though?
I was at Milpitas Golf Land yesterday, and that's the first time I've been there in probably
like six or seven years.
It's been a very long time, right?
And so I went there and I remember the first place I ever saw DDR, ever saw the game.
You can thank that for this show, that weekend for this show, because I remember going into
the back arcade and there was like a mini tournament going on and people dancing crazy
on the machine.
And I was like, these hams up there doing that stuff, I'm like, I want to do that.
I know I'm white, but the arrows will tell me how to do it.
Well, see, that's the thing is the first time I saw DDR was actually at Fanime.
They had a fourth mix there and I was like, wow, that looks really cool.
And then I ended up buying the soundtrack and like, just then later on importing, you
know, mixes.
The music was very special.
I think it's a good way to put it.
It was a very special time.
It was cool.
I don't know.
It was.
Just rewind back to Anime Expo 2000, with the third mix machine and the chair.
Okay.
The first time you and I ever met was at Milpitas Golf Land in that same back arcade playing
Para Para Paradise.
Yes.
That was the whole time when I lived at Melrose Place and, you know, that whole thing was
going on.
And then that was like the first time we met.
Right.
So you were living at Melrose Place after that.
Oh, was it?
Oh, it's all a blur.
It's all a blur.
Anyway, let's not talk about those theatrics.
What my point that I wanted to talk about with the whole, um, uh, the back arcade and
everything that happened there, I went to Milpitas Golf Land only to discover that back
arcade gone.
What?
Gone.
It's the laser tag arena.
Now they converted the back arcade to a laser tag arena.
I want to find whoever made that decision and smack them in the nose with, with, with
a used a low.
Here's the, it's the sad reality of arcade star soccer at the front arcade, nothing but
ticket spitters.
And in the back corner, you've got your initial DS, your racing games, and then beat me to
the X, Technica in the groove.
That's it.
Your little, your little corner.
We need to just open the moneycade.
I know, but it would, it would sadly probably flop actually, um, that's something that could
actually work based on the situation with shenanigans.
Okay.
Okay.
So literally you walked in here like two minutes before we're live tonight and you're telling
us here that locally Scandi, I don't, I don't know if we're contributing to drama or gossip,
but Oh, well, so the Scandi here locally, which has a bunch of these Bemani machines,
which we're loving.
They're not going to have these machines anymore.
Um, because, okay, the con, what happened was, um, when, when, I think it was after
United States Pump Festival, for those who are not aware, it was the United States Championships
for Pump It Up, which is still going on.
And it's going to happen in November again at Pacific Media Expo, um, shenanigans decided
to put their machines, um, in Scandia as like a partnership thing, which includes converting
the DDR supernova one into a dual, um, switched, um, DDR extreme plus, um, the, in the groove
two with like the simple theme, like the Pump It Up pro to Pump It Up, um, fiesta two, which
is the latest one, as well as all the Bemani stuff like 2DX, pop in music, DJ Max Technica
and upgraded in, um, maximum tune.
Wow.
And okay.
And of course, um, Street Fighter 4 arcade edition.
Oh yeah.
But so this is, it's leaving, it's, it's going away because there's a disagreement between
the two.
I don't even know what it is because I just read the thing too.
Apparently it's like an audit or whatever done by the owner.
But he even like, you know, Sean was just like, listen, I, it's more important to me,
you know, that these games are there for the community there to use them because he's all
well, I'll even leave them there for free, allow you bring in whatever revenue you want
and I'll leave them there for free and is, but you know, cause these people, you know,
are coming here to play these games and it's really important to keep that going and there's,
they're saying, well, no.
Okay.
I look, look, message to Scandia, Sacramento, you know, I, I, hi, I'm Rob and this is Loki
and Dark Sakura.
We have a podcast with dozens and dozens of listeners, so we're really important.
Okay.
Please don't get rid of these, these machines cause it's like the whole reason to go to
the arcade right now.
Like our, I hate, it pains me, I hurt, I ache when I see these other once great arcades
like Milpitas Golf Land and stuff and golf lands in general go the way of the redemption
scene.
But Chuck E Cheese does this too, not to pick on Golf Land, but everything's going the way
of the redemption machine.
Like actual video games that are, that, that contribute to music and you know, the enrichment
of that and making people excited about music and wanting to possibly play a real instrument,
you know, that type of thing.
This is a great thing for the community.
So please think twice about what you're doing cause it would suck.
So.
Well, I mean, to be fair, I think Scandia has tried a lot of weird shit.
I mean, look at, was it the Scandia Screamer, this giant thing that's just an eyesore, you
know, or, or they're like shooting gallery or just like, you know, all sorts of weird
stuff that they have there that it seems like money making ideas that they thought, you
know, I don't know if that does make a lot of money for them, the Scandia Screamer or
whatever.
It's, I don't know.
I'll be a weird screamer when they truck those machines out of there.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, so on the, on the happier things.
So I ran into you at gamer X, which if you guys saw the videos over at VOG network, you
guys saw where I was interviewing Jonas.
So some, some stuff you've done in the past few years, since you got more involved with
SAC anime and all this, you actually do the game rooms at anime cons, right?
Correct.
And how does that, how did you get into that?
How did, how did you go from gamer guy who likes to play DDR to, I'm now putting together
all these gaming rooms at expos.
How did you get into that?
Okay.
Um, I'll try to keep this as like short as possible.
Like as, as, as, as short as possible because it's a really, really long story.
It's all right.
It's a three hour show, but yeah.
Give us, give us a cliff notes.
Cause I know it started like when, you know, this history, let's say like go to orange
house radio and stuff and then suddenly I'm starting to do tournaments because I thought
the tournament C would have died in paradise Island.
Cause you know, like what kind of term has happened like past, um, the shaft tournament?
Not a lot.
Yeah.
Shaft probably killed DDR for a lot of people, but yeah.
But so I decided, okay, I start with the whole tournaments with paradise Island.
Let's see how this works.
And I didn't know it would go that, that a decent size.
And so we did three shows and then of course paradise Island shut down for unknown reasons.
Um, of course, give my involvement, give my hands on like game development with in the
group too, because they liked some of my step charts at the time.
Right.
And it was fun experience, but unfortunately my contract didn't renewed from pump it up
pro too.
Cause I was working at pumping a pro as well.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
Very cool.
Yeah.
So when people heard my name working on these things, they thought, well, let's bring this
guy along.
So you did some of the steps for pumping a pro?
Some.
Yeah.
That's like what Shane did for DDR ultra mix and that stuff.
You guys should fight.
Hey, he had some awesome steps back when, God, when I was trying to put that, uh, statement
in a cabinet in it, um, yes, once again, let's dredge up the bad memories of that thousand
dollars.
It costs me to buy the parts and everything for that machine, which they ended up not
doing anyways.
And all I want to do is be reimbursed a thousand dollars for those parts.
So they reimburse me and then they sent me tax forms.
And they charged me $300 in taxes.
What?
Yes, exactly.
Because it was like, I don't know.
It was stupid.
All right.
Stop making it about you.
I'm sorry, but no, but he had a, some pretty awesome, he had a, I forget what song it was
now, but he had some pretty awesome double step charts for that.
All right.
Anyway, so, okay.
So you, you got more involved with, with even some of the game making and so forth.
But then how did you get into your first anime con?
Well, I did go to Fanime Con 2005 as my first con, but I think it was AOD 2006.
I just went like with a few friends of mine, but they couldn't make it to the next day.
So it was like, okay, I had to figure out a hotel place.
And some people found out that I actually did some game development and, but for those
who are part of the anime con scene in 2007, there were some people talking about some
issues behind the scenes that people were not aware of.
Whether the room where people stealing money or whatever, like I said, I don't know that
70 year old drama though, 70 year old drama.
But anyways, they probably drama at anime conventions, get out, get out, Jonas, get
out.
There's a lot of politics stuff, but there's some stuff I can't say, just fair enough.
Fair enough.
I understand.
I'm just saying like, they said, okay, this guy might be a future leader of certain things
because I guess I just brought on one random sack anime.
I brought my DDR, DDR pads, like a hard pads because they're running a DDR tournament,
but they're going to use soft pads.
Was it because you were the only sucker willing to do it then?
I just thought, okay, I paid a badge for a sack anime at one point.
And I thought, okay, the tournament is like, I have hard pads, we could just probably use
that possibly.
Oh, okay.
And then one successfully led to another.
And of course, since some people found that some people there actually competed in one
of our tournaments and then I guess the word got spread far that I did the game development.
They said, bring this guy in.
I was like, okay, I'll give this a shot and stuff.
So then this grew into something like, I'm assuming you were doing Fanime kind of regularly
and then you started dabbling in other conventions too?
Yes, we didn't start doing other conventions.
We didn't do some other conventions until 2009 where we got the gig with Fanime Con.
With numerous people, because some of the group members that joined in 2007 were also
friends of mine.
So we thought, okay, we could form a group and start just doing sack anime stuff.
And then in 2009, we grew into more than just sack anime, then Fanime Con, then all these
other people who want to run conventions, start-up conventions, or even GamerX just
contacted us.
Like, you want to do game rooms?
Like, sure.
Because you guys like now have this whole little organization, right?
Because you guys have a Facebook page, right?
Correct.
What's it called?
If people want to go check it out and like it and all that?
The name is The Big Anime Game Room, aka Teabagger.
So you're here representing teabaggers, all right, that's fair, all right.
You sound like my mother talking about politics.
Those teabaggers are at it again, Rob.
So gross, those teabaggers do.
I can't stand that woman in Alaska, she's so stupid.
Anyway.
Oh boy, the initials was unexpected, it just happened.
You're with teabaggers?
All right, fair enough.
Okay, so The Big Anime Game Room, which is teabaggers.
So how did the teabaggers, so you guys just get approached by different cons because you've
done a big one like Fatime and SacAnime, which is like SacAnime has gotten huge just in like
this, you know, six or seven years I've been kind of seeing it.
And so these other conventions, like you said, GamerX, they come to you now.
How do you set up for a convention like this?
How do you know like what games you're going to bring to a con?
Like is there a science to it, or is it just, this is what we have available, let's just
kind of throw it all out there, randomize things, or do you actually go like, because
I'm going to this convention, we should bring this, this, that we should make sure there's
DDR, we should, like, how do you kind of choose what goes to what convention?
We actually, it's not just a group of, again, by the way, it's not just a group of just
being random games.
Since based on like my background with the competitive scene and our staff members actually
have background with the competitive scene of Aether Weathers from Smash and other games,
we actually do some research, like, and analysis of human behavior to see what games people
like.
Like, at first, we didn't think like, for example, we didn't think like Just Dance would
be big, and Just Dance 3 had some songs that we actually liked.
So we give it a shot at an event called Yaoi Con and we didn't expect it to be that big.
And later on, the popularity of Just Dance and the conventions became much bigger than
we expected.
I wouldn't have thought that Just Dance was a huge convention game, but it makes sense.
It actually makes a lot of sense.
Aren't they, like, talking about adding Just Dance to, like, MLG or something like that?
I think, I think, I feel like we had a story like that not that long ago.
Yeah.
It actually exists, so.
Wow.
Okay.
Because of, um, Electronic Sports World Cup in Europe.
They're actually hosting a world championship right now.
So, okay, so you kind of have to keep a pulse on, like, what games, and you might not necessarily
be right that this game is going to be a huge thing at conventions.
Like, have you ever found that there's a game that you didn't bring, but somebody else brought
it, and, like, suddenly everybody's playing that, and you were like, shit, we didn't think
to bring that?
Um, that was, that was just, yeah, that was the story of Just Dance when, um, we didn't
know, she wasn't a staffer at the time, Patricia, um, she, they said, okay, let's bring Just,
she had the idea of Just Dance.
This is before she became part of the gaming group.
So we give, still we decided to give her the shot and see how it works, but it actually
turned out, we exceeded our expectations.
Wow.
Um.
And since we do, there was tournaments, we actually have suggestions of what people,
what people actually want.
I see.
It's like, you get through your Facebook page and stuff?
Yeah.
From Facebook or emails too, like direct emails.
And I see your website's actually getting pimped in our chat room right now.
Dungeon Buster says the big anime game room, www.tbagr.org.
Fifth Dream says, just remember, teabagger orgy.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Teabagger orgy.
Boy, if we named the shows there, there would be right there.
Uh, that'll be Horde House this week.
Um, so, okay, uh, I want to get to the really good stuff.
So I, I, somebody's had to try to steal your shit before, right?
Have you ever had people try to steal your shit?
Yes, we had, we have, which this is why we had to increase our security purposes as well
as the community getting involved and to making sure that no one steals crap from the game
room because if somebody steals a agreement, it affects not just one con, but the entire
area and also ruins the trust between the community itself.
Do you ever like, I mean, this might be a really weird question, but I'm always curious
like kind of what makes people tick in that regard because I'm sure you've had to have
as the leader of this organization, you've probably had to have these awkward conversations
with people that have tried to steal shit.
And have you ever been able to figure out like, why, why do people, why do people try
to steal?
Is it just that they want a free game or do they, are they trying to hurt you guys hurt
the convention?
Are they addicted to stealing?
Like, I don't even know if you have an answer for this.
I'm just kind of rambling, but what's the reason?
There's a lot of answers, but the direct answer is usually personal issues happening.
Some people, this is why we don't really discuss about drama and conventions, but some
people's like, oh, they didn't win a tournament, so they're going to try doing, whether it's
they didn't win a tournament, they think a certain price is too large.
Let's say they saw something in the dealer's room.
Oh, it's too expensive for them to buy or, or they've never seen, they've never seen
a quote this game or so they want us to, you know, the intentions of stealing.
So it's acting out like a dog pees on the carpet to act out when the dog doesn't get
his way.
Correct.
That, that, that's okay.
Okay.
So that's okay.
So it's very animalistic.
What do these people do?
Yeah.
But we always track them down, make sure that it doesn't happen because, you know, because
it does more damage than actual trying to help.
Now going to the flip side of things and talking about something a little more positive, I'm
sure you guys get like some donations too, and people that like contribute as well to
what you guys are doing.
Do you ever get any like really cool, like, Oh my God, somebody's contributing like this
rare game import that everybody's going to want to play.
Do you ever kind of get that kind of stuff?
We get, we actually sometimes get that because I remember the first, let's, here's a good
example of like gamer X one where they got sponsorships from Microsoft and so, or an
EEA to get like battlefield copies to people who participate, who win the determines.
Because companies will fund it if you give them like the right reason to, for them to
come up with an approach.
Okay.
And sometimes like some other groups or what we call proxy, like let's say I'm like orange,
like you're orange and orange and I'm like teabag or we can proxy each other to build
relationships or another group, like let's say mission star podcast at one conventions
where they wanted to do a raffle in the, in the game room.
It's like, well, let that happen.
See how things go.
Okay.
So they bring not only new ideas, but it also gives us a more, a more better understanding
of what other communities do too.
We should look into that.
See if we can get some free games and get a little voice of geeks network and, and teabag
or magic going on here.
It'd be a lot of fun to look into that for the future.
Okay.
Very cool.
So you, you just wrapped up a gamer X two.
That's where we ran into each other.
How'd that convention go for you?
Was it fun?
It was fun.
I know that a lot of the information has been posted online, whether it's from, from polygon
for those who have read and it's, but it's kind of unfortunate though for us.
That gamer X two is, is in hiatus right now based on the news that we've read, right?
Cause yeah, yeah, it's going to, that's a convention you don't get to do next year.
Maybe I don't know what actually we're going to touch on this a little later.
There's a very interesting, very interesting gamer X developments this week.
We're going to get into a little later, so I'll put that on hold a little bit, but, uh,
we don't know what's going to happen and it's going to be how I mean, but, but you're, you're,
you're a straight guy that, you know, and, and we heard a lot of these, these talks from
straight guys who went to gamer X that were pretty impressed with the convention that
they were just kind of like, yeah, it was cool.
It was really chill.
Did you kind of walk out of there with the same attitude?
Like this was different.
Of course.
I mean, like I said, Oh, sorry.
Um, like I mentioned to some of the people, this is going to be an article that's going
to be written soon that one of the biggest reasons why we wanted to try, um, gamer X
and gamer X two was to show that there's more to gaming than just like straight people as
well as for us, like get teabaggers and stuff.
We do not discriminate at all.
Well, if you're going to call yourself teabagger, you have to have a little bit of, you obviously
have a little bit of, you know, I, I don't, anyway, I, I, that's, that, no, that's great.
That's, that's fantastic.
I think that's the perfect attitude.
Because, um, even though we deal game room, sometimes, you know, the people that go to
all these events sometimes show some social inactivity or negative comments that even
though it doesn't hurt, even though it's not, we didn't have nothing to do with it,
it could affect us too.
If it's that person once said the, the, the forbidden words to other, right?
Like the T word or F word and the things that I get it, like somebody in your game room
says something, then that's not going to be posted on Facebook.
That such and such person said it's going to be, Oh, that game room at gamer X was so
awful because they used all these slurs type of thing that is not going to fall on the
individual who said it's going to fall on you.
It sucks.
So you have to kind of create an environment where that doesn't happen.
Right?
Yeah.
Yes.
Um, yeah, this is a one, one challenge that happened at gamer X too.
Yeah.
And this is something that was really hard to figure because we're, again, we're trying
to be, we're trying to figure out the behavior of like, what can we do to make people happy?
Right.
And one of the Just Dance tournaments, I guess this one person, I'll just say person, I can't,
I can't, it's hard for me to identify.
Right.
Um, some, like one of the attendees said, she said that, but the girl got, I mean, that
person got upset and said, is it she?
Okay.
So it was, it was misgendered.
The person was misgendered.
Correct.
Okay.
Right.
Which is not the environment, like, you know, gamer X is trying to create an environment
where people can be who they, who they identify as and you know, who they, who they are.
So yeah, I can, I can, yeah, if somebody gets misgendered, that's a big no-no, especially
at a con like that.
Yeah.
But we did clear it up to her just to make sure she feels better over the matter.
It was just an unfortunate sight cause it, the Just Dance room was so, the tournament
was so big that everybody heard it like, and she heard it too, like right in front of a
bunch of people.
Um, hopefully, I don't know if, if they had one of those stickers, I know those helped
a lot.
Like when, you know, it's like, well, how do I, you know, what, what gender does this
person prefer?
Then you can, you know, you can see the sticker.
So yeah.
But I think at the end she was okay with it.
Like it was like, it was not done with ill intentions or anything like that.
Okay.
Okay.
So what, what about what's coming up?
You've got other conventions coming up, right?
You're doing, um, SacAnime, this coming, right?
Um, FYI, I know some people are wondering, what's the tournaments and stuff.
We will release the tournament list this week also.
And we're asking, we're going to make it a special announcement for additional PopRise.
If the, if two objectives actually follow, if, if people can bring, bring teabag to 500
likes or a certain post that to like like 50 likes on an actual post, we'll offer a
special bonus to a certain tournament.
So this is like a Kickstarter only you want people's social, social involvement, not their
money necessarily.
It's social involvement because with new games coming out, they want to see like the competition
still rise up while still teaching the people who are not in the competency to be competitive
and to enjoy the game at its fullest.
Okay.
All right.
So it's not just getting like 500,000 likes.
Oh, and whore it out.
It's more like connect, connected to community.
Yeah.
It helps you get a bigger voice when it comes to, um, you know, what, what do people want
to play and really see the cons and stuff.
It's a win, win all around.
Yeah.
Correct.
Cool.
Uh, quickly, any other cons that you've got coming up?
I got to get into gaming news for the week, but, um, I know SacAnime is coming up.
Um, SnafuCon, the Reno event.
Oh, okay.
It's coming up soon in October.
One of our, one of our partners, crew members who brings like the old school games that
you bought, like the Sega Genesis and everything.
Yeah.
I know.
Cause I know you're playing, I saw you playing like Sonic and Knuckles or Sonic.
Yeah.
Uh, Jeremy from Koopa Club and I were throwing down on Sonic.
It was Sonic three.
Yeah.
It was Sonic and Knuckles attached to Sonic three.
What was the only thing that was open that we could find because your game room was so
popular.
We couldn't.
So that happened to be open at the moment.
We were like, yeah, let's do this.
So we had a lot of fun playing that I had more fun cause I won.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, I got to thank Abe who actually brought the equipment there and he was actually
the manager of the SnafuCon game room.
So it happens in October, so stay tuned for that.
All right.
Um, yeah.
And just one, um, to clarify things, if people don't see, if people don't see a game that
they want to play badly, just ask us.
Not all games can be shown because of the high demand that everybody wants to play every
game possible.
So you can always ask if we have this game and we'll assist you guys as much as possible.
All right.
Very cool.
Well, um, again, check them out on Facebook.
Uh, just, just remember teabagger, the big anime game room, because if they get to 500
likes, they're going to bring more prizes to SAK anime.
And even though you might not live in Sacramento, you might live somewhere in California or
hell Nevada, it sounds like in probably Oregon soon where these guys are going to be.
So, um, best of luck to you as your thing grows and grows, uh, your, your organization.
And um, yeah, uh, stick, stick with us and talk about the week in gaming.
All right.
What do you, uh, do you still play a lot of the new stuff?
I know the game rooms do a lot of classics for you play a lot of, do you play PlayStation
four, Xbox one, or what are you playing these days?
I have a PlayStation four, I've missed out on the destiny beta cause I was so busy with
them.
A lot of life stuff.
Oh no, you missed out and some other games and like in a more game business stuff, but
I've, I've, I've still, but we, I have a, we use still, so I play some games.
Nice.
Well, we'll get to your gaming week in a little bit here cause we're gonna get to how was
your gaming week.
No, I was just cause I went, you know, I had to go like the page cause I haven't liked
the page yet, but it does, it does bring up a one good question though.
Are you going to include a ball pit in future game room?
That was something that was suggested to us and well, there are a few things that we'll
say the word.
Maybe we can't guarantee anything about that.
I would call $17,000.
I feel if nothing else, what Dashcon brought to the world was that every convention will
be expected to have a ball pit now.
It's going to be a thing where every convention is asked, where's your ball pit?
I want my hour in the ball pit.
Have you already seen the people cosplaying the ball pit?
Oh yeah, I knew that would be a thing.
I knew that would be the, somebody, somebody like that same weekend, cause there were other,
obviously gamer X was going on.
I think there was another convention going on stream.
Not just that, some other stuff because I want to say, uh, uh, Rama or somebody had
posted a picture of somebody that was dressed as a PayPal account looking for $17,000.
Like that same weekend.
Like that's how fast the internet works.
People.
It's amazing.
All right.
Um, anyhow, let's, let's get into, uh, our gaming weeks, the types of video games that
we've been playing this week and we'll get into a week in gaming news as well.
Uh, let's start with you, dark soccer.
What types of video games you've been playing this week?
Been playing some final fantasy 14, um, last weekend while I was sick, sick Dan, um, played
through and beat mega man X.
I saw your pictures on Facebook.
We had a couple hours to kill.
It was fun.
Yeah.
Um, I've been playing a little bit of bravely D fart.
Why do you call it that?
Just because I tried to say default the other day at work and I said, D fart.
So since then it's been bravely D fart.
Okay.
You know, that game's done very well for square Enix.
There was a report that came out this week or last or something that they, they've sold
a million of that game worldwide.
Great.
Um, Dan and I are probably, we were talking about getting rid of some of our more expensive
stuff that we're not playing anymore.
Um, but he and I are actually playing on like a regular game night and he bought me a kingdom
hearts 1.5 HD remix, whatever for matching service.com edition.
So we're going to be starting that one together.
You'll probably finish it just in time for kingdom hearts 2.5, which is coming out.
Which he's ordered for me so I can get a pin.
Hooray.
That's the whole reason we got it.
So I could have a pin for my collection because pin trading, I love how you just like literally
within the same breath talked about, we're going to be getting rid of some of our stuff
cause we have a lot of stuff, but I got a pin and I bought this game cause I got a fucking
pin.
No, actually we're going to be getting rid of like a lot of our DVDs and seeing what
we can keep digital.
You know, basically trying to downsize because, um, as much as we love our games and love
our stuff, a person can only take up so much space responsibly, so that, and we want to
move.
Understandable.
Understandable.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played pretty much nothing.
The only thing I did get, I was hoping to be able to play a little bit more than nothing
because we had our like kind of work game conference thing.
I thought that was this week and you were hoping to place some new stuff.
Yeah, but we had a lot of no shows.
One of those being, uh, Tech Mccowie and they usually bring a demo, but they didn't have
anything.
So the only thing I got to actually see, didn't really play shame of like I got to see a trap
team, but, um, I don't know.
It's Skylanders.
I just don't give a shit about Skylanders and all I saw was like, they were like saying,
okay, yeah, see, look at these, these little trap crystals or whatever.
You put it in there and you get to, you know, you get to capture enemies and, and, but you
know, if you trap a different enemy with this, then that old enemy's gone.
So you need to buy as many as you can to be able to travel like, Oh, come the hell on.
Can you be any more obvious?
You know, it's like, seriously, let's just sell all this shit.
They'll buy it.
And it's like, come on me guys.
It's so obvious now.
But so that, that was really the only new game that I saw.
Um, they didn't even have like Ubisoft didn't have anything.
Um, you know, even sometimes they bring just dancers, sadly.
Do you think this is because with the news of your company being sold, they just are
kind of like, yes, because lame duck X, no, no, that's not why.
It's not why at all.
It's because the, the Ingram expo is the week prior.
Um, so there's a lot of reps already went off that.
Because of that, there's certain reps at these companies that call on Ingram and there's
certain reps of those companies that call on our company.
And so it was kind of that weird gray area, like, okay, well, is it this rep that's coming
out or is it this rep?
And so just a lot of them didn't come or, you know, I dunno, but I got to rep, you know,
for seven different companies because I was working the, they didn't show up booth.
Let me talk about all their games.
So like, you know, I got to do was as I was the rep for EA take to, um, Microsoft, Konami,
these companies realize that we're going to be repping them.
No, they weren't.
But thankfully Bethesda and Konami were super easy because they have nothing coming out
with the evil within Bethesda.
Yeah.
The evil within, and maybe the Ls girls online, Konami has soccer and there's the, um, there's
that don't call it team fortress three, but it's pretty much team fortress three game
that Bethesda has, but that's next year.
That's yeah, that's not this year at all.
I was only talking about stuff for the fourth quarter, but uh, yeah, so I got to do that
stuff and that was kind of fun.
I made my own trailer loop and everything and uh, there wasn't even a swag.
It was like, Oh, now there was swag.
It was giant fucking bags from Atlas.
Like these bags were ridiculous.
The mouse swag that would fit in those, they hit like they didn't even have a traditional
handle on them.
It was like a backpack.
You were wearing this big swag backpack thing.
All right.
So how's that?
I forgot one other, sure.
Sims two.
Oh, did you play, uh, they gave away the whole shebang.
Yeah.
Yep.
I forgot to grab that.
I put all the dirty stuff back in my game too.
Did you?
Yeah, I did.
It works.
All right.
Um, but I'm building a compound that my character and her cat live in.
And what do they do in the compound?
I don't know yet.
I'm still building the compound.
I spent more time building the house than I have actually playing the game.
So that's what happens.
I did.
I did download that just because it's free and I can't possibly pass up on it.
You know, free stuff.
I forgot.
But Alan grabbed it.
So I can always just use his login if I really had to play it, you know?
Yeah.
The chat room is taking this fart thing away too.
Yeah.
What now?
Everybody's putting fart in the name of game titles because of what you did with bravely
to fart.
Defart.
But, uh, farts a horizon says rage nator.
Mario fart.
He says so.
Act deaf.
I came out with final fart is fart ashy.
The fart of us act deaf.
Okay.
You guys like how are you?
My favorite.
How fucking old are we?
It's farting mama.
How fucking old are we chat?
And then I have never yelled at a chat room like this before.
This dream has brought it back to the news and linked to the article that says no fartings.
Smelling farts don't prevent cancer.
Grow up all of you.
All right.
So like, so like would that be like, for example, like kingdom farts toots point five.
All right.
I'm done.
I'm sucking.
Can't.
I can't.
Street far turn four.
I will.
I will bring those wasabi ginger chips out.
That's fine.
I'm not going to eat any of the end of you.
Rob.
Let it go.
Let it go.
All right.
Let's go to Jonas.
Our guest.
Let it blow.
Who can hopefully.
Tell me.
What?
What's up?
I think he's here.
Oh, your friend's here?
Well, do you want to give us quickly your gaming week?
Of course.
I'm technically playing three games competitively.
Just Dance 2014 because the World Cup Invitational.
Yeah, we'll let Jamie do our duty.
Go ahead.
Yeah, I'm competing on that, so I'm hopefully get the trip to Paris, France because the
top player's good to go to Paris, France with all expenses played.
Pump it at Fiesta 2 because of the United States Championships at Pacific Media Expo.
And of course, like everybody's doing is Mario Kart 8.
Yeah, I've been playing that competitively.
Won three tournaments and I'm undefeated in rounds so far, so I'm 10-0 and 3-0.
Nice.
I bet.
Does the Mario Kart get pretty competitive at your game rooms?
In game or X2, it was big.
Oh, yeah.
I guess it hasn't been out long enough for you to take it to a lot of cons, but game
rooms.
Yeah.
Zack Enemy will be the biggest test to see how big it's going to be.
All right.
Sounds like fun.
Sounds like fun.
All right.
Well, let me talk about my gaming week real quick and then we can introduce our guests
that just arrived.
My gaming week.
I played a lot of old standby stuff that I usually play, like Final Fantasy XIV stuff.
They did play a few new games.
Rogue Legacy on the PlayStation 4 just came out this past week, which I've played on the
PC before.
And obviously, I like the retro vibe this game has going on.
And it obviously recalls a lot of Castlevania, Symphony of the Night, but with the roguelike
twist of the fact that the castle randomizes every time you play the game.
And you get more...
It's Rogue Legacy.
Jonas is like, what is this game?
Rogue Legacy.
It's a PlayStation Network game.
And you can also get on PC, Steam.
And the game is hard as hell.
But the good news is that even when you die in the game, you don't die permanently because
your predecessor takes your place.
And all the gold that you collected, you can spend on upgrades.
But to get back in the castle, you'll have to give up all your change.
So whatever gold you don't spend on upgrades, you're going to lose.
So you want to buy things every time and it'll help you make your character a little more
stronger, a little more stronger, a little more stronger, until you can take on the boss
characters and go into the other areas.
And the other big twist in Rogue Legacy, your descendants all have issues.
Most of them have issues.
And that could be anything for...
I say issues very, very liberally, because some of them will just say they're gay, which
obviously isn't an issue, but it's just like that will change the ending if you happen
to beat it with a gay...
Not to be a spoiler, but that'll be something.
Some of them do crazy shit, like this person is colorblind, so the whole screen is black
and white when you play.
Or this person has vertigo, so everything is upside down.
Or this person tends to exaggerate, so whenever they take damage, the damage meter shows like
five billion is the damage they took, even though it was only like 24.
So some of them are really silly, but some of them really will screw with your gameplay.
Some of them are tinier, this person has dwarfism, or this person has gigantism, or this person
has ADHD, so they run really fast.
Or just other things like that.
Or this person has irritable bowel syndrome, so they make little fart noises when they
jump, like your little jokes in chat, right?
Like little silly things like that.
But it adds a different cool little layer to the game, the fact that it's not always
the same person you're running through the castle with.
So yeah, if you like the retro games, if you like Symphony of the Night or Roguelikes,
I think Roguelikes is really cool, and it's only like 15 bucks, it's worth checking out.
Speaking of roguelikes, this one just hit Steam this week in a pre-alpha, what do they
call it on Steam, first look?
Early Access.
Early Access, that's it.
So on Steam Early Access, and I got it specifically because we have a chatter who's called into
the show to talk about this game before, and I've heard a lot about this on Twitter, I
checked out Crypt of the Necrodancer on Steam Early Access because it just came out, which
is also a roguelike, meaning it has randomly generated dungeons and items that you find,
but here's the catch.
It's a music game.
So, as you play, you have to move with the beats of the music, because if you don't,
your character will get frozen, or you won't do the moves that you want to do.
And it's really funny because as you do it more and more in time, then the rooms start
lighting up like it's a disco and this stuff.
So what I find that it does is it forces you to think fast, because you have to move in
time with the music, you don't have time to think about, am I gonna go left or right,
or have I been down here, have I been by here, because you need to already be pushing the
button in time with the music.
So it turns Rogue into an action game, which is kind of a really cool twist on the formula.
And the fact that it's a music game, right?
Yeah, and you can load your own music, but the music that comes with the game is actually
really good.
But you can load your own MP3s if you want.
Ooh, question for this.
Here's a funny question.
Is the bar or the chair included?
There is no bar that I've seen yet, but there is a variety of weapons, there's like a shovel
and stuff, so maybe there's a hidden joke in there somewhere.
I don't know if the developers played DDR a lot and really like understood the scene
or what have you, but yeah, that would be funny.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Some people talking about Rogue Legacy still.
Act Def says, Rogue Legacy is awesome, one of my favorite games from last year.
I like the symbolism in being gay from Rogue Legacy, it changes nothing at all.
Let's see, and Fifth Dream says, NecroDancer is amazing.
The soundtrack is great too.
So there you go, some of our comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
So yeah, I had fun playing around with Krypton the NecroDancer and I see why, I think it
was as I shared with Matt that had called in about the game before him, but I'm positive
it was him, why he really was into this, especially as a music game fan.
And I like the roguelikes.
I'm starting to think the genre is a little bit, like every game wants to be a roguelike
now, so I think it's starting to thin a little bit, but I think this was a really refreshing
twist on that idea.
So four for you, Krypton the NecroDancer, you go.
And then lastly, okay, I have to bring this up.
So I tried a new game this week, and the game I tried this week, I felt obligated to at
least try it, because I can't hate on a game until I've played it for myself.
Like I'm not gonna be that cynical bastard on the internet that hates something based
on principle, unless it's Fifty Shades of Grey, I mean let's be real, everybody fucking
hates that.
Oh, you mean Fifty Shades of Abuse?
Fifty Shades of...
Nope!
Yeah, that's what I was calling it.
Anyway, all kidding aside, I played Kim Kardashian Hollywood, which is the most popular iPhone
game right now.
Stop, you are giving me judgy stares.
Stop it.
It is the number one game on iPhone right now, and I want to know how is this game making
$700,000 a day?
They're saying $700,000 a day.
So here's the question you might be wondering whether you want to admit it or not.
Is this game really good?
And the answer is no, it's not good.
But it's not as bad as you probably think.
It's more like a Facebook game to me, it's a lot like a Facebook game, it reminded me
a lot of that Sims Facebook game they had, where you have to spend energy to do certain
tasks, and I appreciate that the game has some tongue-in-cheek humor in it.
Like I don't think the game takes itself too seriously.
Like I had a guy, okay so like the characters in the games will like write tweets, and tweets
that mention you will get you more fans, which helps you move up on the A-list or whatever.
But like, okay so there's this character I got into a fight with earlier in the game,
and he decided to write a tweet about me, and what he put in the tweet, he said, a nobody
ruins the party and I get kicked out?
How does Rob even know Kim Kardashian, total conspiracy, hashtag Illuminati, hashtag Obamacare?
And that made me laugh.
And that was the little touch that I was like, alright, so this game kinda knows its place,
like it's not that serious.
So if you want a game that's just gonna make you laugh for five minutes, it's free, don't
spend money on it, but at the same time there's really not much of a game here.
It's go to this location and pose for all these pictures by clicking this bar and spending
your energy.
Like it's a really, like game is a really loose term with this.
Like Flappy Bird was more of a fucking game than this is, okay?
Flappy Bird at least, you know, yeah, you had to flap and you had to dodge and there
was some skill involved, believe it or not, but there's no skill involved in Kim Kardashian
Hollywood, there's none.
But it's, if you read tmz.com and that type of trash, then you know what, you're probably
gonna appreciate some of the trash in this game too, and that's probably why it's doing
so popular.
So there it is.
Let's see, looking at our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, Blender says, can't believe
Skye passed up The Last of Us for this game.
All right, here's the problem, Blender, Last of Us, $50, Kim Kardashian, free, Last of
Us, trip to Target or wherever, Kim Kardashian, press button and download on my phone, which
I guess.
Now, now.
Press button, download on Steam.
Yeah, I know I could download it on PlayStation 4, but still, still, I didn't want to spend
all that money right now.
I will get to The Last of Us eventually, I promise.
For science people, I did it for science because it's the number one game and I felt an obligation.
You did it for the Aperture Science reason.
Because we can.
Because you can.
Because I was promised cake if I beat the game and I've yet to receive my cake.
And you ended up being baked instead.
But Dark Sakura did bring me tortilla chips, which I think we actually brought up there.
And a Mexican soda, which is good.
I did, made with actual sugar and not HFCs.
By the way, apparently donuts are now called sugar bagels.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com is suggesting VoG Network Hollywood.
Oh, I love the idea.
I love the idea.
But it shouldn't be VoG Network Hollywood.
It should be like VoG Network Fresno.
We should call it VoG-ywood.
VoG-ywood.
VoG-ywood.
All right.
Before we get to more, we have, we're going to get to gaming news and so forth.
But Jonas, you invited a buddy of yours to come out to the show tonight.
Why don't you, why don't you introduce who you brought to the studio?
This is Diego, the second head of the teabaggers.
Okay.
There you go, Diego.
Give Diego the mic.
Hi, Diego.
How are you?
Good.
How are you doing?
Hi, good.
We've never met.
I'm Rob.
Hi, Rob.
We're doing a show.
That's Jamie.
That's Matt.
Hi, Jamie.
How you doing?
How did you meet Jonas?
I met Jonas.
Well, actually technically we met, we could have met at Paradise Island tournament back
in the day when they were still around.
And we had a tournament in Sacramento.
Right.
Okay.
So maybe, maybe we have crossed paths back in the day or whatever, one of those tournaments.
Give or take, I'd say that we must've just like literally crossed paths and just didn't
know there were multiple tournaments that were going on that time at the Paradise Island
that was across from the Arden Fair Mall.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I remember Paradise Island.
And me and my other friends went there for a Smash Brothers Melee tournament while he
was hosting a DDR tournament at the same time in the other parts of the room.
So, but we officially got reacquainted back in 2007, January psych anime, where he just
got into staffing and I just became a volunteer and then later upgraded to staff.
And that's when we were part of the same exact department of gaming.
There you go.
Now, do you travel to all the conventions like Jonas does or?
Yes.
I'm pretty much right behind him.
100%.
So you were at Gamer X a couple of weeks ago?
Yes, I was.
How was that?
How did you have a good time?
Wonderful.
I wish I would've gone to the first one, but it was complications with getting time off
at that time.
Sure.
I heard the first one was a blast.
The second one, which was my first one, was amazing.
I wish we could have had a bigger room.
Yeah.
That was pretty much like cutting our legs off a little bit because we didn't get to
use over 50% of our equipment and we didn't want to cause any fire hazards or have the
fire marshal come in and notice because regardless of what we did, it was pretty packed, but
it was still fun.
It was definitely fun.
Yeah.
The way they did it at Gamer X this year was different too because they had that, you know,
you guys unfortunately had like a pretty small room, but that's because they had other
rooms where they were showing other types of games, like they had the Ouya games, they
had the, you know, the sponsor games, but I say sponsor games, but yet they were showing
off indie games, which was pretty awesome because there was a lot of good stuff over
there.
It was good for what it was.
They had an entire room dedicated for Pokemon on the DS, which was amazing and as odd as
it sounds for some people, but it's still very popular Pokemon today, even with the
new game coming up, Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire and that's going to be pretty big
because it just all of a sudden jumped up to fame again after when it first debuted
back when the anime came out in the game in 97 or something.
Pokemon does so crazy well, it really blows my mind, like how really obsessed with those
games people get.
My roommate's one of them.
It's gotten very deep.
Yeah.
What do you play?
What types of games, like what brought you, what games do you love that made you want
to do this Game Room stuff?
Well, when I first started actually taking games seriously back in the day, I was more
into Smash Brothers.
I'd say for a while that was my game because I got into the community and in getting into
the community, that's when I pretty much was getting closer to Jonas as it is.
I didn't know his reputation on DDR in the past, what he's done.
As much as I had my reputation, although my group of people were not the best at it, we
were more of the comedy group of doing that.
So we made our stuff known as of just doing, we also did our own little videos.
We had a group called Teamscape and we did our own little videos and it's just nothing
to be taken seriously.
It's just to listen to our corny jokes and such, but we actually just traveled around
and met the high round players.
I also do a little bit of Street Fighter, fighter games all around, first person shooters.
I'm very versatile with video games and I like it.
Okay, very cool.
So are you excited for the new Smash Brothers that's coming?
Definitely, yes.
On 3DS?
Yes, yes, definitely.
Are you as pissed as I am that they still haven't revealed Ness as a character?
I'm pretty anxious to see what's going on with all that stuff.
Alright, because that's the one thing where I saw this great picture on Tumblr last week
where it says, it's just a big picture of Ness and it says, I've got that summertime,
summertime sadness because he still hasn't been announced as a character.
Oh right, I know, and he's been in all the games.
Yeah, he's a mainstay, but it's like how much do you freaking hate the Mother series, Nintendo?
It's amazing.
But it's like Nintendo just kicks it in the face every chance they get.
They just don't see good games with good characters in them.
They just don't understand Mother or online.
Fair enough, fair enough.
So what do people, we asked Jonas this a little bit, but from your perspective, what do people
have to look forward to at SacAnime from the teabaggers?
We are, we're always having different versions of games and such, we go from retro to the
latest console games that we have up to date, PS4 and Xbox One, Putting in Killer Instinct,
which has already been showed off through us.
We are hosting a pretty big event on Saturday night where they're allowing us to rent out
the rooms at the bottom where the pre-registration is.
And for that night, that Saturday night, we're going to do a couple of tournaments there
for the main events.
And one of the big ones will be definitely Mario Kart 8.
Oh nice, alright.
So yeah, because Mario Kart 8 hasn't been out, we were just mentioning it hasn't been
out long enough to really be at every single con yet, so this will be kind of probably
at the first big, big, big tournament for it.
It'll be fun.
I've dabbled with it a little bit, including at GamerX, and it is a fun game.
It is definitely a fun game.
People are liking it a lot.
And what we want to do after seeing examples through other conventions that have done it
a little bit, like we said, it hasn't been gone all the way around yet on certain conventions
or places, is we're going to try and make it a really big event, fill up this room,
get the crowd hyped, and livestream it.
Nice.
I'm going to ask you a crazy question, because I asked Jonas a crazy question about like
people that steal shit.
So I'll ask you this, and I don't even know if this is something that happens or not,
but have you ever seen a fight break out in your game room?
I've heard.
You've heard?
I've heard.
Alright, well tell us second hand what happened.
I've heard of little things, but it was a, I guess it didn't escalate that much, but
there have been cases of like maybe a splashing of water on something, but other than that,
that was probably like personal business between two people, but it was squashed very quickly,
it was taken out of the game room.
Okay, that's good.
Nothing escalated to draw a riot or something, which would have been really bad, because
we've had tie quarters a couple of times.
Yeah, yeah.
Well I was just curious, like if somebody gets way into the game and they're just like,
you know, like, you're a fucking cheater, da da da, and just like, you know, just try
to throw a punch or something.
Well, besides punching and all that, which usually doesn't seem, but as saying you're
a cheater and getting mad at a game, that's every day for a gamer.
That is true.
They get mad at every game.
Like I remember just playing Mega Man back in the day.
That almost ruined my childhood.
Like, oh my God, I can remember Mega Man 2, yeah, that really was giving me some early
gray hairs.
I was trying to get through like quick man stage, oh Jesus Christ, that just, oh wow.
Yeah that, like examples of that, of a frustration, I can see someone's frustration and practically
making me myself, like getting frustrated at such a game that I want to throw the controller
right at the damn TV.
Which is why nobody buys a Wii U, because those controllers are, you don't want to throw
those.
Right, exactly.
It's very bad, very bad idea.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
All right.
Well, Diego, stay with us.
That's why they make those like Nerf armor things for us.
Oh yeah, right?
Right?
Nerf is Nerf or nothing.
Stay with us, we're running a little long tonight, but we're going to get to some gaming
news.
Feel free to comment on any news you want to, and good luck with SacAnime and everything
you have coming up.
It's a pleasure to be here, yeah.
Yeah, fantastic.
Good.
Glad to have you here.
You missed us earlier, unfortunately.
We're reminiscing about the good days of DDR and all that stuff, so unfortunately you missed
all that fun stuff, but.
I would just say that actually I don't have a history on DDR.
Oh, I thought, oh, because of Paradise Island and all this stuff, I thought you did.
No, actually that's definitely a rhythm music game that I've never really gotten into, sadly.
I love watching it, but I'm not into that game.
All right, well then you didn't miss shit, all right.
We need to get into some gaming news though, we're running a little long.
So I do want to keep things moving.
Really quick, some housekeeping.
Be sure to follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, and we're on Facebook as well,
facebook.com slash OrangeLunchRadio.
We will still be here every week with new shows, but Labor Day weekend, we will not
be here.
There's just a whole lot going on that weekend.
Obviously we've got SacAnime, right, and Dark Soccer is going to be going over to SacAnime.
I'm actually at DragonCon in Atlanta, so for those of you guys out there who are going
to be at DragonCon in Atlanta, don't forget Voice Geeks Network.
Going to be showing up on a few panels throughout the weekend, most notably Monday morning.
There will be a VOG Network panel.
More details on that as the date gets closer.
But because of all the shenanigans, Labor Day weekend, and I'm sure you guys have your
own things you participate in too out there in the listening world, we will have no show
live that Sunday.
So just be prepared for that, those of you guys that rely on us to get through your Monday
work day.
But the good news is, it's Labor Day weekend.
There is no Monday work day, woohoo.
All right, let's get into some gaming news and let's talk about it.
It's been a bit of a slower week, but as I was mentioning during Bobby's show, there's
a few big tent poles, big, big things going on, right, Loki?
Yes, one of those being EA's Access program.
It's kind of an expansion on what they used to do before, I forget what they, I think
they actually called their last program like Early Access or something, where they used
to give you early access to like different games right before they came out.
Like I remember one of the titles that they were advertising was like Madden, where you
could play it five days before there was street data on it, but you'd have to pay a
fee and then at the street data, that's when it deactivates.
So it's like, oh, you get hyped about this game and you get to play it before it comes
out and that kind of stuff.
But now this new thing is a little bit different.
It's actually gonna give you access on the Xbox One to the back catalog of EA games,
which on the Xbox One isn't that deep right now.
It's just a couple games.
But five bucks per month or $30 per year, which seems pretty reasonable, it gets you
access to right now Battlefield 4, Pagle 2, FIFA 14, and Madden 25.
And then it says apparently they're gonna be adding to the game's selection as time
goes on.
Also, it's gonna give you 10% discounts off of all EA digital Xbox One content.
And they're saying that you're gonna get access to EA, big EA releases up to five days
prior to their official debut, much like they were doing before.
So a little bit, kind of an update on that.
And then also one of the, I guess, a limited trial game, they're saying early access to
some of this.
One of the games that's not available, I guess, is Titanfall.
It's excluded from all EA access features.
So that's kind of weird.
They did say, though, that Xbox Live Gold is not required to participate in this.
But of course, if you wanna play online, then yes, you do need Xbox Live Gold.
But as of right now, it's only on Xbox One.
And apparently Sony was saying, okay, they were offered this as well, but they didn't
think it was a good value for the consumer, which, let's be honest, that's just kind of
a bunch of bullshit.
It's more of, hey, they were offering a service that had, I mean, a couple of things.
I could see the positives and negatives, but I think the negative for them was, hey, we've
got this PlayStation Now service that we're trying to get people to buy four hours of
gameplay for $4 or whatever, and we don't want some of the paid $5 to get access to
multiple games.
Or even PlayStation Plus.
I didn't even really consider the PlayStation Now, I just thought that it was more competitive
for PlayStation Plus.
Although to be fair, Games for Gold or whatever does the same thing now.
And PlayStation Plus also, they probably don't want the set president with, oh hey, we're
gonna have all these different publishers offering these free trials for $5 for back
catalog tiles and stuff.
But you know, to be honest, I don't see the problem with it.
I think it would be a good idea to offer this stuff, and everybody wants, like with cable
and stuff, they want all the cart stuff.
And that's kind of the problem where the consumers are gonna start to, I think, lose
a little bit, is it really reminds me of when Warner Brothers pulled all their movies from
Netflix because they wanted to do their own service.
And you can guarantee, I'll guarantee you, you'll never see an EA game for free on PlayStation
Plus again.
Which, I don't think we've even seen.
Wasn't Mass Effect 3 a game at one point?
I think it was at one point, Mass Effect 3 was something.
But yeah, EA does, I don't know, but yeah, I would imagine that you're not gonna see
any of these games free on any of these services.
I just, it's really not worth it, to be honest.
Now, well yeah, and for me, I'm not a huge sports games fan, so right there, that eliminates
half the titles.
And so it's just, okay, Pagel 2, which I don't need to play that for free, and Battlefield
4, which, let's be honest, we're getting to almost that game being out for a year now.
It's gonna drop in price eventually, or hell, if I haven't played it by now, I can rent
it or buy it used or something like that.
And they're thinking maybe that because it's $30 a year or something, that's gonna cut
in the used game sales, maybe so that people are less likely to want to buy used games
from EA or something, I don't know.
It might be worth it if there was a richer back catalog, especially, and it is kind of
a bummer it didn't work out with Sony, because maybe via PlayStation Now you could get access
to EA's entire PlayStation 1, 2, and 3 back catalog, which would be pretty fucking impressive.
Or it might be way more worth it.
Or even like on the Xbox 360, it would have been nice to be able to play like SSX or,
you know, anything like Battlefield 2 or, I don't know, they have a lot of the Mass
Effect games, you know, all that stuff.
That would have been worth it.
Dragon Age.
Yeah, that would have been more worth it to me, but right now, I mean, just play Madden
or FIFA, which I don't give a shit about, or Battlefield 4 and Pagel.
I mean, it's like, fuck, Pagel is pretty cheap anyways, and why would I, it just doesn't
seem worth it right now.
So obviously this is in the hands of consumers.
If you like it, get it.
If you don't like it, don't get it, you know, and that's ultimately how well this does will
have a huge impact, but the only precedent that could be set here is that if it works
for EA, then Ubisoft's gonna want one, Activision's gonna want one, and let's remember, let's
flash back a little bit, it wasn't that long ago that EA came up with a crazy idea to do
these online passes, because they think that you should pay extra money for your used games,
because they have to run those servers and stuff, and there's gonna be somehow more people
on the servers with the same amount of games.
And so this is kind of along the lines of that.
So if this works out for EA, Ubisoft's probably gonna jump in and do this kind of thing, and
I'm trying to think of who also had online passes, Deep Silver maybe, I don't know, but
THQ used to do that, Deep Silver's kind of got rid of that stuff.
I'm going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, sj100matt says, as a person who buys an EA
sports game every year, NHL, I don't really have a need for this service.
I sadly still own all the previous NHL games for, if I ever wanted to play it, many of
the free games they're offering.
I don't, I also never really jumped on the early access ploy because I work so much and
I don't really have time to play things day of or morning of anymore, but for the person
who has time to, I can see it being worth it.
But ultimately the catalog is small right now.
I'm sure they will expand it.
If it was take two though, a rockstar game, I'd probably have to do that.
I just, it's, it's going to be very difficult if everybody wants to do their own.
That's why I kind of like that PlayStation has kind of their own PlayStation plus and
you know, Xbox has their games for gold, but I also understand where maybe the publishers,
they want their own piece of the pie.
So we have to kind of find that happy medium somewhere, you know, like how can publishers
get the amount that they feel they're entitled to, but yet the consumers don't get screwed
with having to subscribe to all these different services because everybody will lose in that
scenario.
Honestly, I mean, if I, if you're looking to, maybe if you're looking to purchase one
of these titles, like say you were interested in buying battlefield four, then yeah, maybe
it's worth it to do this because you're going to get it for probably cheaper than battlefield
four sold for right now.
And then you get access to some more games for like at least a year.
So it might be worth it to try that.
Um, I don't know.
It's not that much of an investment, but yeah, I don't like the precedent that it's, that's
because, uh, they whore the crap out of their games with like, you know, DLC and stuff.
And so I, I don't know.
All right.
Well, uh, very curious to see what you guys think of this.
I wouldn't know if anybody actually signed up for the program because this is available
now.
Right.
So you can actually sign up for it now.
Yeah.
I want to know if anybody's actually, uh, got in on this.
So let us know in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com or you can always email us participate at orange
lounge, radio.com.
Moving on to another story that came out this week, um, about a convention we've been talking
an awful lot about.
Um, just, you know, cause dark soccer and I went a couple of weeks ago, had a panel
there.
Uh, we're just talking about it with Jonas and Diego a little bit of a go, but gamer
X to, um, a little bit of fallout from that convention, unfortunately that, uh, was, was
a little bit of drama this week, but I have to mention it cause it was kind of big news.
Um, NIS America reached out to founder Matt Kahn to basically say, sorry, but that pledge
of $3,000 that we'd promised you for the con, we're not going to be able to give it to you.
Um, through, you know, I, I don't want to get too much into the details because the
epilogue to this is they work their shit out, but, uh, it still was, it was pretty big deal
because Matt actually posted the email on his Twitter.
Not everybody thought that was the most professional thing to do in the world, which in retrospect,
it probably wasn't.
But taking a step back at everything, I can see where Matt was probably incredibly frustrated
because I know he went into debt over this convention and in his, his group collectively,
I don't want to just keep saying Matt, Matt, Matt, but his group collectively, you know,
they, they spent a lot of money on that con and the hotel was not a cheap place and they
ended up, you know, going into the hole because of this.
So and from what I understand, they tried to get a ton of corporate sponsorships and
some of the companies, some companies were really cool about it.
Like 2k Ubisoft showed up, right?
Did their thing.
EA went to the first year.
Right.
Very cool.
But my understanding is some companies straight up like laughed in their face when they tried
to pitch gamer X, these companies.
So I can understand where Matt probably gets really frustrated with, Oh, so I'm going in
debt over this and these companies don't even take it seriously.
And now I'm just going to get screwed out of $3,000.
So probably that whole posting it on Twitter and shit was just out of frustration.
Like I just, I hit my breaking point, right?
So obviously in retrospect, he realized that was a bad thing to do.
And I, as America realized that maybe the way they communicated that message or how
they even got to that point in the first place probably wasn't a good thing because the epilogue
is.
And I asked, they, they, they had a lunch meeting and work their shit out and ass is
going to make good on their money.
Everybody's hugging it out and that's all good.
An interesting thing that came of this though, a very interesting, like,
So like, okay.
I mean, I don't know what the agreement was.
If they were just going to give them money for the hell of it or were they like advertising
their games at the con?
They were a sponsor because I remember one of the drinks you could get was a pretty bomb,
which is obviously a Disgaea reference.
Well, that's kind of messed up though.
If they have like their stuff there and then they're, Oh, by the way, we don't, we'll take
a free advertisement.
I thought it was weird.
They didn't have to pay upfront, but you know what I, I've never organized a con, so I don't
know how these agreements work and maybe it's just one of those things where it was like,
we can give you the money on XYZ day, usually, but usually it is upfront because I know like
a lot of co-op stuff, especially when you're doing events and stuff that you get the money
up front.
If, if you get companies straight up laughing you out the door and then this company says,
we can get you the money on this day, if you'll, if you'll put us in in advance, probably didn't
want to turn that down.
And it's like, I kind of get it.
Like maybe in retrospect, of course, everything sounds like boy would, I shouldn't have done
that.
But I mean, in the moment, if you're desperate con or no con, or I'm going to go into debt,
like you probably agreed to it again, but I didn't make that deal.
I wasn't there.
So I can't, I don't want to make it up, you know, so it is what it is.
But here's the interesting side effect that happened.
So in that 24 hour period between they sent the letter to Matt, Matt posted on Twitter
and they hug it out.
There's obviously that period of what the fuck NIS and all this stuff, right?
Devolver Digital sent out a tweet, which is interesting because Devolver Digital don't
remember seeing them at gamer X one or two, but it's very cool.
I'm not, not shading them or anything.
It's just very interesting that now Devolver Digital literally comes out of nowhere and
says, we pledged $3,000, the amount that NIS was, was supposedly failed to pay.
We pledged $3,000 for a 2015 gamer X sponsorship and challenge other game companies that have
the means to do so the same.
Four other indie developers stepped up and said, we'll do it.
And I don't have the list in front of me, but I think the makers of Thomas was alone
was one of them.
So there's a few others.
So because of this unfortunate situation, even though they've said, we're not going
to do a gamer X three, we've gone into debt, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Now they've already raised $15,000 without essentially having to do anything weird, right?
You guys haven't heard of this at all, huh?
This is news to us right now.
So, well, that's, we usually don't deliver news on this show, but there you go.
But yeah, but weird how that worked out, right?
So it now it's like maybe gamer X three will happen after all, because all of a sudden
these people are literally coming out from behind the curtain saying, you know what?
This is a great con that you guys are doing.
And you know, it's true.
Like we were getting feedback from that as well.
They said they, a lot of people were feeling kind of sad because they felt like, oh, it's
dying and it's not coming back.
And he said, it must be a way to revive this.
There must be a way for it to go on.
And as you were talking about the drama and so forth about what was going on, people getting
screwed over and sponsorships and stuff.
And Jonas was relaying this to me to also kind of telling me to like, keep it to myself
at the time, but to show that, yeah, it looks like they really just got screwed over and
just, just either way, because of all the things that all the people who promise certain
things and we're back down and said, and then I, in my mind, I can see, I can see why they
can't do this again.
I know that you're out of all these problems, but knowing this now, um, it just feels like
the name itself needs to go on.
Right.
Well, well, ironically there, they might change that and they've talked about how they probably
aren't going to call it gamer X next time.
They're probably going to call it something else.
And there have been tweets going out from the gamer X account this week, like, so what
if we moved it out of San Francisco?
What would you guys think?
Which I think a lot of people are like, yes, move it out of San Francisco.
It's too fucking expensive.
They're move it, move it, move it.
I think a lot of people are saying that, um, but then they're also saying, what should
we call it?
Because I think they want to get away from being a gay expo where they want it to be
really about the Sacramento so I can go cause I can't, a lot of people drove from soccer.
I was shocked.
How many people from SACRA at that?
I'm just saying, you know, cause the teabaggers are there.
Yeah.
I, I, well shit, I need to go to like, you know, SAC anime because I haven't, you know,
gone since it was that was the Radisson early, but I, that sounds about right.
I suggested San Jose and or anywhere along that line between, you know, anywhere in the
Bay there between, you know, down the one to one or the two 80 between, you know, near
SFO airport even or somewhere is going to be cheaper than in the city.
Um, let me put it into a little bit, maybe be possible, maybe for like an area like San
Mateo, maybe because I'm not sure who, who are all, all part of the gamer X know about
yaoi con as well, which has some of the members of the other LGBT community actually being
there too.
Right.
So yeah, it's just a suggestion of San Mateo being made possibly cheaper compared to like
San Jose, which could be extremely expensive as well.
So I, I, I'm thinking they're going to move it if they do it in another year and they're
probably going to put the feelers out there like, okay, what can $15,000 get us?
You know, and how much, you know, so, so they might, it might happen, uh, so it'd be interesting,
but then it's going to probably have a new name.
They also were tweeting, what should the new name be?
And this is funny because I tweeted back and I said, why don't you just call it?
Because the thing is everybody games, right?
So call it everybody games expo.
I think that'd be a great name, right?
E G X.
I said, there you go.
There's your name.
Well, here's the hilarious thing.
I got a tweet just randomly, I guess somebody that was searching names or whatever.
So somebody that represents Eurogamer expo tweeted me saying, Hey, we really want to
see this happen, but please don't take our name.
And I was like, Oh fuck, that's right.
Eurogamer expo is EGX whoops, but still, you know, they, they'll, they can, they can massage
that idea or whatever.
EGX or whatever.
Yeah.
Or EGE or something.
Anyway, who doesn't want to, they could do EDGE.
Everybody wants to edge.
All right.
What?
How about everybody expo?
E V E.
Eve.
Eve.
And you're going to get sued by the folks that do Eve online because, Oh God, here we
go.
All right.
Just call it, um, no name con.
That's it.
No name con.
That's it.
How about dash con?
Does anybody use that?
All right.
I vote for redacted.
Why don't they just, why don't they just call it donkey con, but I'm going to see none of
these names.
Unfortunately give that whole like, Oh, this isn't everybody open type of con.
I don't know.
Inclusive con.
Overshare con.
Registration con.
Gay rave con.
All right.
Everybody fart con.
Be quiet.
All right.
The chat room was still going on that by the way.
I know.
That's why I said that.
Anyway, so look, in all seriousness, uh, I best of luck to, you know, I'm, I'm glad they
resolved their shit within 24 hours of the NAS America.
And it's really weird how despite the unprofessionalism of NAS America and then the unprofessionalism
of, of gamer X and posting that out there, that yet something good came out of that possibly
like really fucking good came out of that possibly.
Um, I'm, I'm very interested to see what develops.
Can they just call it con?
No.
Be quiet.
All right.
Anyhow.
Akuma JP says donkey Kong only for the hung.
Wow.
Stop it.
There you go.
He is going on the right road.
Brad says, call it VOD con if I, if I had, if, if I had $3,000 to contribute to, I would
love to, but I did, I bought VIP tickets or had about a little more money than, than the
average bear.
Here's a question though.
I know you've said about $15,000.
What about the potential kickstart of what they were using?
Like in the past, wouldn't that be additional revenue to that's, that's a decision for somebody
else to make.
I mean, but believe me, they're considering all this shit.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
So I do agree on the fact that you said about, it should leave San Francisco cause it is
expensive there, but not, not straight away too far, but you know, it's still like somewhere
on the Bart line.
Right.
And the San Francisco people can still go.
You know, like, like Jonas said about maybe San Mateo, because as we've seen the yaoi cons
move around throughout the time, cause we staff there as well.
Uh, it's still kept it in a good spot in the bear that was not too far away from San Francisco.
You're right.
Keep it through the Bart lines.
Uh, but yeah, and that changed as well.
And even though it'll probably go under a new ownership or whatever or whatnot, that
to the point that, uh, it doesn't change too drastically to the point where it's completely
changed itself in like inner wise, besides maybe the name and such forth, like you're
saying that, that some fans want to see it a bit the same way as it was before, but not
an entirely drastic change, right.
But I'm just saying as an opinion, as in a fan that they might see that maybe it changed
too much or so forth, I don't know.
I, I, they've got a lot of really tough decisions to make really fast just when they thought
they were getting a break from con planning, but, um, I guess a unfortunate side effect
of being really popular and well liked in the community.
So there you go.
All right.
Well, anyhow, we got more news to get to, so let's, uh, let's keep moving.
Pina con, con Lada, really?
This is better than fart con.
It feels like they're going off that YouTube video.
What was it?
Uh, Oh yeah.
The, the, what was it?
Sorry, we can't hear Jonas cause he's not my power thirst about the gay power thirst
where they said penis colada.
Yeah.
There you go.
There's so much references in there.
Don't forget my favorite flavor gun.
New topic.
It's a Brown icon or something.
All right.
All right.
I'll just stop right there.
Yeah.
I'll just stop right there.
Anyway.
EA is doing some crap.
How's that for news?
EA is fucking up.
No, I'm kidding.
Um, they actually are shutting down Ultima forever.
It will be closed down by the end of August.
It was the spiritual successor to Ultima for, um, it was a mobile title, had the stupid
transaction crap going on.
Um, it's, they're shutting it down on August 29th.
Can we, I was going to say, can we sue them for false advertisement?
Durr wamp wamp.
It's not really forever.
Um, I have a great respect for the Ultima series.
Like I loved it on the NES and in the Commodore days and the old computers and so forth and
all that being said, good fucking re riddance to this trash cause that game was awful.
So they also shut down Lord of Ultima.
Well, the Ultima did not translate well to a mobile at all and uh, that I don't think
that was Ultima's fault as much as it was the, um, uh, fault of, uh, the game design
behind it and what, you know, EA was doing with their mobile games cause they've done
it in other games that haven't done well.
Fifth dream colon con.
Stop it.
And I just said what I was thinking Ultima not forever for the record fifth dream Decepticon
I do believe already exists as there is a Decepticon.
Yeah, of course there's also botcon and the other major transformers conventions.
All right, moving on.
Uh, Loki.
Do they have like conjugate as like a, like a grammar con anyways, I'd go, uh, Nintendo
unfortunately has posted $97 million as a loss, um, for the last quarter.
Fortunately Mario Kart eight, it did great, but it just wasn't enough.
And um, you know, they had a great attachment rate against, they're saying almost 3 million
units, um, were shipped by the end of June and you know, definitely people are buying
the title.
It's just, what else did they have come out?
I mean, not a lot else.
I mean, just wasn't, wasn't enough.
Of course, um, probably should be a little bit better through the fourth quarter.
I know they've got like a lot more games expected out and um, hopefully that sells more units.
Smash Brothers should help.
Definitely that's the, just that, that, that's a name that will go on.
Definitely.
But I mean, I understand that it's just, you know, the average mom and pop consumer, you
know, I don't know, but their kids will, they need, no one really helped the Wii or the
Wii U or both Zelda.
Well, Zelda, yes, but a legitimate Pokemon game on, I'm really surprised they haven't
gone there.
It's probably cause they haven't figured out how to be able to transfer data between 3ds
and the Wii U.
It can't be that hard.
It can't be that hard.
Do it through a Nintendo network.
Just like, just like online or DLC, it can't be that hard.
But yet for some reason, it escapes them.
They have that fucking cloud thing that people are paying for for the Pokemon now.
Cause I remember they treaded that with Pokemon revolution and then that didn't go so well.
But the reason the problem is right now is because don't they not have, their accounts
are tied to, um, they're not tied to your Nintendo account.
It's tied to your console, isn't it?
No, is it?
Um, so I think that's why they don't have a unified, you know, eShop account or anything
I feel like I've seen, can't, okay.
If the Wii can beam demos to your 3ds, then this technology cannot be that difficult for
the DS.
I mean, they, they both have a Bluetooth stuff in them, right?
That they could transmit data.
It can't be that hard.
I mean, I realized this is Nintendo, but it really can't be that hard.
Look, Mario Kart 8 kind of made us go, Oh, Nintendo really can do this shit.
Wow.
They probably already do.
They're just too afraid to actually test it out.
It might flop.
May.
Yeah, they can't.
They definitely do.
They can't afford to have a flop.
Actually.
Wait, wait.
The realization is completely obvious.
I can't believe I didn't even think about it.
You know why they haven't put a Pokemon game on the Wii U?
It's because they haven't manufactured the fucking amiibo characters that are going to
go along with it.
That is why they haven't put a Pokemon game on the Wii U because they're going to fucking
whore the shit out of that.
You think, you think Activision or Skylanders and Disney infinity, you know, horse those
characters.
You have not seen anything yet.
You have not seen anything yet.
The fans of those series, I mean, Skylanders, no one who knows who the fuck the Skylanders
are.
I mean, kids, I'm surprised that they attach themselves to like these brand new characters,
but Pokemon characters, all ages are going to eat that shit up because you got to collect
them all.
I mean, and they're going to buy all of them.
All right.
Well, here's Kaijuto in chat.
The reason why we don't have Pokemon on the Wii U is because the game is made for handheld.
That's why it's called Pocket Monsters.
It's a handheld game, not a console.
I like it where it is.
I understand that, but money talks.
You know what I mean?
Like, gee, the Pokemon stepped into a growth machine and now it's Pokemon in giant giant
world.
It's called Pocket Monsters because they collect them in Pokeballs, which fit in your fucking
pocket.
Done.
Yeah.
I'm like where, where there's a check, there's a way.
You know what I mean?
They'll, they'll figure out a way to retcon it in the story.
I do, I do appreciate the viewpoint though that, yeah, that's how Pokemon was certainly
born, but if Nintendo really needs the money and needs to do it, they could.
That's how they'll transfer data back and forth too is because they're going to have,
remember, the amiibo support for 3DS at some point, and that's how it's going to work.
That they will have a game that comes out on 3DS and on, you know, Wii U and it'll transfer
data back and forth just like they do with the 3DS versions right now and the DS versions
and all that fun stuff.
All right.
Let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, that's right.
Well, how about something about Killer Instinct?
Well.
Huh?
Oh, there was some discussion.
Killer Instinct is going to be having a retail release.
This is the Double Helix version, by the way, not the really awesome very first game as
we remember KI Gold from the N64.
They have this one that I have yet to touch.
Microsoft basically has put out the announcement that on September 23, Killer Instinct will
be available out to purchase a retail version, and it will come with the first season and
the season 2 TJ combo code for $19.99, which is a little bit better than the combo breaker
pack.
So.
There you go.
So this would be good for people that maybe don't get online all the time with their system
to be able to get the game, I guess.
Probably four.
Yeah.
It makes sense.
I mean, I think that maybe the just the online only thing didn't quite work out well for
them.
Is it also coming out holiday September, September 23rd close enough.
That might be the that might be the reason is so it can be something that shows up under
the Christmas tree or Hanukkah Bush or whatever it is.
Hanukkah Bush, probably.
I mean, that's still way, way early, even for Hanukkah and for Christmas.
This is basically like an afterthought.
I think we didn't get enough money out of this.
Let's put it out for the people who didn't want to do online purchases.
All right.
Well, let's talk about something that's coming a little bit sooner than September 23rd.
How about this week in retail?
Loki starting off with the U.S. release dates, really only two games this week, Sacred three
on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and Ultra Street Fighter four on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
The disc version, of course, because you could purchase the download a while ago.
So we're just in a drought until Labor Day, pretty much.
Right.
And like destiny.
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
I guess it'll be a little while and it's going to be this is your time to catch up, people.
That's what this is.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andereto at VOG Network
dot com.
Use the passphrase North.
Well, if you're in Japan, things are a little more exciting on the PlayStation three this
week.
Anyway, over in Japan, Lost Dimension Shin Hayarigami comes out this week as well.
And Ultra Street Fighter four gets its Japanese release this week.
So is that to look forward to on the Xbox 360, you can get Ultra Street Fighter four.
Should you actually be in Japan and have an Xbox 360 for the dozens of you out there with
one?
And then are you a unicorn?
And on the Wii U, Dragon Quest 10, the all in one package comes out this week because
over in Japan, they actually got Dragon Quest 10 on the Wii U, whereas here we're still
waiting.
Although I thought I heard something that's going to be a 3DS thing.
Do we touch on that?
I thought I heard somewhere around that, that it is going to end up make its way over here
at some point, which is exciting.
On the PlayStation Vita this week in Japan, Lost Dimension and Shin Hayarigami, which
were also on a PS3, are also out on Vita.
So that's pretty cool.
Some more stuff on the Vita.
And lastly, on the 3DS, Dragon Ball Heroes Ultimate Mission 2, Farming Simulator 14 Pocket
No. 2, Senran Kagura 2 Shinku comes out on 3DS, and Bravely Default for the sequel goes
into the Ultimate Hits edition.
Keep in mind, Bravely Default for the sequel is actually what we got over here as simply
Bravely Default, because I think Bravely Default for the sequel was an enhanced version of
the original game that they had out on Japan, so it's not like an actual sequel or anything
like that.
Not yet anyway, but I believe one is coming really soon in Japan, like this year.
So there you go, Japanese release dates.
How about the UK, Darusaka?
Only two things.
Well, sorry, three things.
On August 6th is Metrico for Vita and Road Not Taken for PlayStation 4.
And on the 8th, Ultra Street Fighter IV.
AkumaJP clarifying the Dragon Quest X question, AkumaJP says, next month, Dragon Quest X free
on new 3DS purchase, and since he's in Japan, that must be how they're pushing it forward
over there.
That's pretty cool.
I hope it makes its way over here, because I'd like to check it out.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Alright.
So this is kind of ridiculous, but apparently, the brand new game that was done by, was it
the guys that did the, what was it, Black Forest Games, they did the Gianna Sisters
remake, sequel, whatever you want to call that.
They had a brand new game called Diesel Stormers, and it was a kind of a dieselpunk action game.
They got a, I guess, a trademark, or their trademark blocked, because apparently, Diesel,
the fashion brand, had a problem with it.
They were saying that it's going to cause confusion.
So I don't know, it seems like there's no case, they said, in all probability, an understanding
will be reached as Black Forest has no intent to create clothing under the Diesel Stormers
brand in Diesel.
The Diesel part of Diesel Stormers refers to the liquid fuel of the same name, and not
a parody of the fashion brand.
So yeah, it's a little ridiculous, but you gotta love that trademark law and copyright
law.
I guess you gotta defend it in order to keep it.
I guess that's true.
It's a little ridiculous, though.
Do they sue gas stations, too?
I don't know.
But seriously, that's a little ridiculous.
What about that Vin guy?
Right?
Yeah.
Oh no, they settled with him out of court.
I completely forgot Diesel was even a fashion brand until they mentioned this lawsuit.
They're just tired of not being relevant anymore.
I only know because I might have underwear that says Diesel on it.
And clearly that's because of the liquid fuel, right?
Burn it, Rob.
Burn it and protest.
I'm a big fan of the game.
What can I say?
I'm very committed.
What?
What?
What?
If you put Diesel fuel on your underwear, you'd have underwear ception, Diesel ception.
You've got problems.
You hang out with me.
But how much longer?
Just kidding.
Bitch, please.
You should have seen the way her face changed when I said that.
All right.
The chat room's going with you.
Fifth Dream says, I'm confused.
This is about Vin Diesel.
Tiger Claw says, is Diesel even a real last name?
Someone went to Kevin Nash as well.
Kevin Nash used to go by Diesel.
Big Daddy Diesel.
Dungeon Buster says, good grief.
Minus the quad.
Good grief.
Another marketplace confusion lawsuit.
I don't...
It's fine.
Look.
One is underwear.
One is a game.
It's very, very different.
I don't understand.
And all three of them are flammable.
And seriously, it's like...
Especially when being warned by me.
No, it's seriously just like, uh...
Did you say that your panties get set on fire?
Was it Monster Cables and, um...
I want to say Monster Cables and Monster Energy.
They go in the rounds and sue everybody that's Monster.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because they sued the Monster Golf place in Folsom, right?
Yeah.
Well, the chain.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, boy.
All right.
One more story for you guys here for part A. And this is about the...
Credit card that you may have heard about this week at...
Available at Evil G, which of course is the...
Our loving name for the GameStop retail chain.
And I'm gonna be honest.
This news came out, and I was actually more surprised that this wasn't already a thing.
Because GameStop is going to be bringing out their own credit card.
So a GameStop credit card is gonna come out in the next few months, and this will be something
that their employees can push for incentives, I'm sure, along with pre-orders.
If you sign up, you will get 5,000 power-up points if you're a power-up basic member.
And if you're a pro member, you get 15,000 power-up points.
And you're already pre-approved if you're a member, I guess, which seems weird because
some people have some really shitty credit.
I don't know.
But anyway, the interest rate is a low, low 26.99% APR.
Sounds like my student loan.
That means for every $100, it gets $27 in interest a year.
And of course, they calculate that by the day.
But anyway, most credit cards for reference, 13 to 15%.
So yeah, there you go.
You can get some points if you spend money with your GameStop card.
I'm gonna be honest though, as crap as this whole situation sounds and everything, there's
also a part of me that goes, well, every retail chain has a fucking card.
Sears has a card.
Surprise has a card.
The rate on our Sears card is something like 4%.
Yeah.
Well, I actually, full disclosure, I have a Sears card.
But the reason why I have one is because they had a good deal where when we bought the washer
and dryer, you don't have to pay any interest at all as long as you pay it off within like
18 months or something like that.
We got ours a long time ago when we got Dan's power tools.
Power tools.
Can I imagine like if you just pay off your, you know, if you make your payment every month,
like pay it off in full every month and you can earn points or whatever, I guess.
If you're good with credit, but here's the thing, that's the only kind of shady thing
I see here is that GameStop, what do they kind of tend to cater to?
The younger folks right in that 18 to 23 area.
Poor impulse control and no sense of responsibility.
Who are most likely to fuck up their credit.
You know, and I'm not saying, I'm sure many of you that listen to the show fall into this
age bracket, just, you know, make smart decisions with the credit.
If you're going to get something like this, you really do have to pay it off because that
shit will haunt you for a long, long time if you don't.
So just words of advice from your pals at OLR.
So shop responsibly.
That's right.
That's right.
Don't, there's, remember that's $27 for every hundred you spend.
That's like one and a half games a year.
If you don't pay it off.
Yeah.
Worse if it's someone buys a console, I'm going to buy a PS4 and Xbox One.
And keep, keep in mind that's going to be added on monthly.
So whether, even if you pay it off three months later, you're still paying them some money.
So I think the question will be here, big, big thing here.
And Bobby Black Wolf adding to this conversation, I have a best buy credit card, but all my
purchases are zero if I pay off by certain dates, like a similar thing.
So another retail chain with one.
SDG100Matt says, the sick thing is that the suckers that they're going to heavily pressure
people into getting these cards don't really know how bad 27% APR is.
That's what I kind of want to wait and see.
I want to see how GameStop pushes this.
Are they going to be preying on the week essentially?
Like what the fuck did the power up reward points get me?
What the hell is that?
Discounts, free games, magazines.
I don't know.
What does, I don't shop at GameStop.
I literally don't know anyone shop at GameStop.
You have shopped at GameStop with me there to watch.
My assumption is used game credit or deals and things like that.
For the record, they usually have really good deals on their used 3DS games.
So I've gone, but I think, you know what, I think this, I think if we really, really
are against these policies that companies are doing, we really should just say, okay,
we're not going to be a part of it anymore at all.
Not even if they have good sales, not even if it's, you know, we happen to be there or
they're the only ones who are carrying a game.
If you're going to stand against something, then including their, their little credit
thing, then tell them with your money.
So here's something else that's kind of interesting that came out about GameStop this week on
a completely different note, but something to think about when you're going to be doing
business with them is obviously GameStop huge in the business of buying back your games
and reselling, right, and all that stuff.
So in some areas it should be noted that video game trade-ins like the ones at GameStop are
treated like pawn shops with the pawn shop laws and pawn shops in some areas, one of
them being Philadelphia, have to scan fingerprints.
So there's a Philadelphia GameStop out there that is now scanning fingerprints that started
about a month ago.
Because that way if, you know, they find the fingerprints on stolen goods, then they know
either they can kind of trace it on stuff, right?
That's the thought behind it, whatever.
But here's the interesting thing.
Those scans, so when you get your finger scanned, that goes into a Leeds online database, which
is quote, the nation's largest online investigation system to recover stolen property, help stop
meth makers, reduce metal theft, and solve crimes.
I don't really have a problem with that.
It's not anything new.
They do that at my GameStop nearby.
If one, back when I was treating stuff in, they do that because they do have theft in
the area and so they want to make sure that people aren't turning in stolen goods.
Well just, if you're one of those people that, you know, the NSA is watching you masturbate
and all that stuff, then just throwing it out there, your fingerprints, you know, when
you have a driver's license, your fingerprints are already in the fucking system.
It doesn't matter.
But now, now they'll know when I sell back Onechambara, they'll know that I was playing
that.
You'll get a call from D3, why didn't you like that game?
What the fuck?
You know, we worked hard on that.
We're going to have to fire employees because you didn't like that game.
The boobs weren't big enough, unfortunately for me.
Honestly, putting the tinfoil hat aside, seriously, I think it's a good idea.
You know, when Dan was a manager, he would talk about all of these people that would
just come into the store who were clearly not all there, as in, like, clearly had stolen
items.
That's why they don't take games back if they've still got shrinkwrapping on them and all of
that.
That doesn't go far enough.
They just learn, okay, I got to rip this shrinkwrap off.
So power up rewards, basically you earn points, you can get crap.
And so, for example, some of the things you can get, for 6200 points, you can get Boba
Fett necklace.
Oddly enough, there's a ton of fucking Star Wars shit on here and I'm not sure why.
So if I sign up for my 28% APR credit card, I can get a Boba Fett necklace?
You can get for 29,500 points, you can get Boba Fett candy bowl holder.
I just want to throw out there, at least it's not Jar Jar Binks, right?
I just want to throw out there, there's other credit cards that will give you a flight to
Hawaii if you sign up for their credit card.
Do they also include a Boba Fett necklace?
They do not.
Oh my god.
So you have a tough decision to make.
Do you want Hawaii?
Or a necklace?
6,000 points, 25% off a pre-owned handheld game.
Mind you, you get 10% off anyways with your power up rewards card as it is.
12,490 points, a Millennium Falcon model.
Yeah, I don't understand why all this shit's Star Wars stuff, but I think that's just an
example.
I'm surprised it's not the Slave I.
It's still on Boba Fett.
Yeah.
It felt like a line of Boba Fett toys.
You can get Stormtrooper earrings for 7,940 points.
So yes, quality stuff.
We're a plastic Stein for 7,200 points.
Did you say Stormtrooper earrings?
Stormtrooper earrings.
What in the world?
Yeah.
Alright.
I feel like these are not the earrings you're looking for.
Star Wars Episode I, the GameStop menace.
Alright, look.
We're going to take a trip to when it wasn't so ... You know what?
The rewards program that you got points for was the Nintendo Fun Club, and that was it.
We're going to go back to a classic time in gaming history.
It's Dark Sakura's going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you little brats.
I dusted the vault today.
Trade in your games, send the money to me, and then go play this, and I'm going to go
eat tacos.
Dark Sakura, what's the classic game of the week?
Mylon's Secret Castle, or as it was known in Japan, Meikyu Kumi Kyouku Myron no Daiboken.
What?
The maze suite Mylon's Great Adventure, it was Myron.
It was an action-adventure game that came out by Hudson for Nintendo.
Actually, it was originally on Famicom on November 13th, 1986, and came out in the US
in September 1988.
The protagonist, as we all said, Mylon here, but it was Myron, lives in the land called
Hudson, where people use music to communicate.
Are there bees there?
I know, right?
Oh, actually, there were honeycombs.
I do remember that.
Yes.
Anyway, he was the only one who didn't have the ability to communicate and wondered why,
so he goes out to travel throughout the land, the land of Hudson, to find other people who
were like himself, but he stops to go to visit Queen Eliza, who lives in Castle Garland,
which is also Hudson's Secret Castle, and then he found it was being attacked, and shenanigans
ensue.
So, basically, you run and jump and shoot bubbles, and you start off on the bottom floor
of a four-story castle, and you have to work your way upwards.
You've got three main stories, the side towers, and the very top.
If you stay outside the castle too long, lightning bolts fall out of the sky.
There are also enemies, hidden items, the bubbles.
Don't stay outside or God is going to kick your ass.
The Lord.
Yes, the Lord is going to send lightning bolts down.
The bubbles are also not just a tool, they are a weapon.
You get weapon-throwing bubbles, and you can throw them at blocks to cause them to break.
Also, there's hidden items, but there are also additional routes, hidden shops, different
items you can find that way.
You also can destroy demons that inhabit certain rooms, but they do come back to life after
a while.
You've got different bosses that are larger, basically bigger demons, and you have to use
bubbles to spit at them.
I'm sorry, I'm thinking of Bubble Bobble.
They attack by jumping back and forth and throw fireballs at you.
And then when they die, they release a crystal ball, like in Castlevania.
And then Mylon gets Biggle Bubbles and he can fly them out faster.
So you have only one life.
When you lose your life, your game is over and you must start over.
But if you hold left on the control pad while pressing start at the title screen, you can
pick up where you left off.
It does not work before collecting the first crystal.
And this instruction was only in the Japanese manual, so folks in America had to figure
that shit out for ourselves.
Or import.
Or if you signed up for their credit card, they'd tell you.
So it's a really freaking difficult game.
I mean, it's fun, don't get me wrong.
It's just really difficult.
It's got some interesting tidbits to it.
So like I said, there's the left and start to start from where you left off.
Mylon actually doesn't become invincible after he's attacked, you know, when he's hit that
blinking animation.
But each room in the castle has the honeycomb that restores your life.
And extends it by one unit, so that was the honeycomb you were talking about, Rob.
It also is a little unorthodox in the way the other 2D platformers can be.
The rooms can be accessed in any order, and they don't really go like in one direction.
In each room there's only the one exit that's at a fixed spot, but it doesn't appear until
you fire a bubble where it's hidden.
And then navigating each of the rooms, you know, like I said, it's free flowing.
It goes around in different directions.
You can explore it however you want to.
Plus it also has a side quest of finding music boxes.
If you touch a music box, you go to a mini game where you attempt to pick up as many
musical notes as possible, with extra points for sharps and negative points for flats.
And basically, each time you collect a music box, you get an elf with a different instrument
each time, and the song gets more and more elaborate than they play in the background.
That's right.
This might surprise you, Darcy, I own this game, actually.
It doesn't surprise me.
I had this game, this was one of the few NES games I had, this was probably one of the
first games I actually had on the Nintendo Entertainment System, and yeah, I remember
that.
But this game was, no joke, this game was hard as hell.
I couldn't even really get past just the first couple of rooms.
GameSpot gave this game a really bad review for its control, saying that, and this is
a quote from Frank Provo of GameStop, sorry not GameStop, GameSpot, that Milon runs like
his feet are greased, his jumps are easily interrupted by nearby blocks that are adjacent
or directly above him.
He gave it a 2 out of 10.
The one thing I didn't really care for about it is that most of the shit in it is hidden.
Like there's, to progress in the game, you have to find all this hidden stuff, which,
you know, when you're younger, you don't want to be looking for that shit.
Ain't no one got time for that shit.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Anyway, there was a Game Boy version that came out.
There was also, in 1993, there was Mira no Meikyu Kyumi Kyoku, that's almost a tongue,
which was just called Milon's May Suite, and it did come out in the U.S. as well.
There were a lot of different differences, the Game Boy version had smaller rooms, it
had less stuff, and then you had like different money between the different versions.
There was also a sequel that came out for the Super Famicom, which was only out in Japan,
called Doremi Fantasy Mira no Doki Doki Daibouken, and there were also other sequels that were
all Satellaview games.
There was BS Doremi No. 2, BS Doremi Okuno Original Sound Witch, Blue Sword Witch, and
BS Doremi Okuno Original Sound Witch Power Sound Witch.
So there were also cameos by Milon, or Miron, in the Sega Saturn Saturn Bomberman and in
Star Soldier, where there are Milon titles to be discovered, and then there's a puzzle
game that came out on the DS called Mira no Hoshizora Shabon Puzzle-Kumi Kyoku.
And then, yeah, there were also, though, it did, on the Japanese Hudson channel for PS2
and the Wii's Virtual Console, there was a re-release of this, and there's also a Nintendo
3DS Virtual Console one as well.
Came out October of 2013.
And actually, it did come out in the PAL region as well.
So there you go.
There it is, your classic game of the week, the hardest hell and hard to control, but
still relatively unique.
I'm going to eventually say Kumi Kyoku properly.
Kumi Kyoku.
Milon's Secret Castle, or Milon's Secret Castle.
Meikyu Kumi Kyoku Mira no Daibouken.
Oh god, we're seeing it in the YouTube right now.
That's that boss, I never could get past this guy, he was too hard.
Is this a speedrun or a full play?
I think it's a full play, because the guy was stuck in that one room for forever.
What is that, a giant dragon?
It's like, it looks like Kraid from Metroid.
I thought, doesn't he look like, he looks like a winged hyena.
It looks like his feet are going to tickle you.
It's like tickle tickle tickle.
He kind of looks like a winged hyena.
It looks like Bowser.
It looks like every room is the same, I can't tell it's red.
It might be, well that's the outside of the castle, now he's, oh god, I remember this
room where he flew through the little.
Now I feel like he's playing Metroid in a way, I don't know why.
Alright, anyway, sorry, this is Bionic Commander, horrible radio while we're talking about
a video here.
And Blinder, yes, it was Do Re Mi.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Hey guys, we're going to take a quick break, but don't go anywhere.
Do Re Mi.
Faso Latido?
I was explaining.
A deer?
A female deer?
Oh fuck, wrong.
Alright, anyway, don't go anywhere guys, we've got plenty more Orange Lawn training to come.
Your answers to the Frugal Question of the Week, mailbag, phone calls, and is Jonas
going to be here for the FUs of the week?
I cannot wait.
So we'll be back with plenty more Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this August the 3rd of 2014, with
the 562nd episode of our show already in progress.
Joining us in the studio tonight, Jonas and Diego from the T-Baggers, which actually means
the Big Anime Game Room.
There you go, either way sounds great.
But well, did you, have you guys got, I guess your website is tabgr.org.
T-B-G-A-G-R.
You know what, acronyms, I can't do it.
T-Baggers.
T-B-A-G-R.
Okay, the Big Anime Game Room.
So it's that dot o-r-g, so somebody in our chat said, T-Bagger orgy.
Right, they're really just.
There it is.
All right, yeah, I got nothing.
I got nothing.
All right, there it is.
T-Bagger orgy, wow.
All right.
I'm going to remember that one.
That was pretty good.
All right, that could.
There you go.
That's what it became there.
Oh, wait.
All right.
We got some rapid fire news to get to.
Your emails, the Frugal Question of the Week, all coming up here.
So let's get into some news.
Some quick news.
All right.
So PlayStation Now.
We kind of talked a little bit about it when we were talking about EA saying PlayStation
Now is now in beta, open public beta, I guess.
And they've got a bunch of different plans available, I guess.
And one of those, they're talking about something in the works is actually a subscription plan
that would maybe be all-inclusive, although to be honest, based on how expensive things
are now, I would be curious to see how much that would actually cost.
Because right now, what they have it set up, and it doesn't really make any sense to me,
they've got four different options.
You can either rent a title for four hours, seven days, 30 days, or 90 days.
So for example, Darksiders, three dollars for four hours, six dollars for a week, eight
dollars for 30 days, or 15 dollars for 90 days, which that's almost the price of the
game itself.
In fact, there's even some games, I want to say, that were like $49.99 for like 90 days.
It's like, shit, just buy it either digitally or buy it used or something.
I mean, at that point, what's the point in renting it for that much time when you can
just buy it for cheaper?
They're saying the pricing structure right now, of course, has been a major contention
for a lot of people, and there will be reduced pricing on some four-hour rentals.
Ooh, thank you, that's so generous.
Also they're saying that they recommend that you have a five megabit connection in order
to be able to utilize the service.
And yeah, it's going to be coming to, right now, I think it's open to PlayStation 4 owners
in the US and Canada, but later on it'll be available for a PlayStation 3 Vita and
certain models of Sony TVs.
I gotta be honest, for this thing to be utilized a little bit more, it's going to have to be
a hell of a lot cheaper than it is right now, because that's just ridiculous.
Three dollars for four hours, fuck that, just go buy the game or go rent it somewhere else.
Bobby in chat loves to be Devil's Advocate, so here he goes, Devil's Advocate, yes, but
can I buy Darksiders for fifteen dollars and play it on my PlayStation 4?
True, you can't do that, but is really that kind of, you know, a premium price worth it
for playing an old game like that?
I would argue no, I mean it's just, if you wouldn't pay that much to bring it out of
a red box, then why, I mean the streaming thing works well, great.
I'll play your Devil's Advocacy right there, brand new Darksiders collection that's going
to be coming out, I want to say is, I think $29.99, and that should be coming out in a
couple weeks, on PlayStation 3, it's got the first two games and all the DLC.
But not the PlayStation 4.
Who gives a fuck?
You're not buying the PlayStation 4 to play the original Darksiders game.
If you want to play PS3 games, buy a PS3, I get it.
I think it would have been nice, like say, for example, I owned Darksiders on PlayStation
3, because I bought it digitally or something like that, see I was dumb enough to do that.
I should be able to play that streaming for free.
I actually deeply agree with that, because it gives digital enhanced value, because you
lose the equity of owning the physical copy of the game, that you could go to GameStop
and give your, you know, fingerprint and urine sample in order to turn the game in for money.
Yeah.
So, you know, you lose that ability when you buy something digitally, but that would be
a perk, like, oh, buy this game digitally, and you get your cross-buy of being able to
have it on the PS3, the PS4, and the PS Vita, and you know, all this stuff through the magic
of PlayStation Now.
Woo!
You know.
It just, for me, it sounds like right now PlayStation Now is not going to be a service
I'm going to utilize at all.
And that's sad, because it sounded like it had potential, but.
Well, let's wait.
I'm not ready to throw it all away yet, because it will be very interesting to see what happens
when they add the PS1 and PS2, because it will have additional features, like the trophies
at least, that weren't in the original, and it will be, I kind of hope that if they do
the subscription service, they're doing it for the PS1 and PS2 games, that's why we haven't
seen it yet.
And I hope that when they add trophies, Nintendo will go, hey, we can add trophies to our game,
or whatever their accomplishments to you, whatever they're going to call their bullshit.
Yeah.
Coins.
Stickers, yeah, coins, why not?
Why not?
Or power-ups.
Power-ups, yeah.
Alright.
What else, Loki?
Also, it's back.
Flappy Bird is back, because, you know, you probably haven't been able to play any sort
of Flappy Bird games for the last few months, you know, it's not like there's zillions of
clones out there, but yes, the official Flappy Bird is back on the Amazon Fire platform exclusively
right now with Flappy Bird's Family.
And Flappy Bird's Family, it's got some new multiplayer options.
Right now, I think it's locked into, it's now on the Amazon App Store for Android, it's
not on iTunes or Google Play, and apparently, I think they have a version out for the Fire
TV, I'm not sure about the Fire Phone, but I just don't give a shit.
I seriously don't give a shit about this game.
Who cares?
Oh, it's back.
Guess what?
Sorry that you're not gonna be able to play, you know, the Flappy Bird's Family right now
because it's exclusive on Amazon, but guess what, there's gonna be a zillion Flappy Bird's
Family clones.
You know who cares?
You know who cares?
Kim Kardashian cares, because some bird's about to steal her tiara.
Wait, isn't there like a Flappy Bird arcade game in Roseville Golf Land, a redemption
game?
Is there?
Oh, why wouldn't that surprise me at all?
I know they do Doodle Jump as one, and they do, I was just at Dave & Buster's yesterday,
so I saw a lot of this crazy redemption shit.
Fruit Ninja.
Fruit Ninja's one.
Infinity Blade is like a game, I don't think it gives tickets though.
I still like Feeding Frenzy, maybe that's just because I actually win tickets when I
play Feeding Frenzy.
Anybody?
It's alright, anyway.
And then, last but not least, they're gonna have Paper Mario in Smash Bros.
It will be a stage.
Diego perked up for a minute, what?
I had heard this.
Yeah, sadly it's gonna be a stage, because that would have been too cool, and they can't
do that.
They had me go in there, I was like, Paper Mario's a playable character, it was just
revealed.
My favorite stage will always be the Picto chat stage, and I kind of hope they bring
that back in one way or another.
That was pretty creative, everything's being drawn around you, and you can be inside the
whale.
But it wasn't accurate because balls never showed up in the stage, and that's what people
drew on Picto chat was balls.
They should have...
Of course they drew a lot of stuff when they pushed at him, I remember when that first
started up, I was like, oh it's so bad.
They should have a Mii Plaza stage, or like a Wii Sports stage.
Or a Swap Notes stage that just shuts down part way through.
How about that.
Joke, anyway.
In the meantime, you're fighting on cats.
Missing a Go stage?
A what?
He said missing those.
Everything's just glitching, and you got like nine of them.
A Pac-Man glitch stage?
Oh my goodness.
There you go.
Why not?
Pac-Man's in the game now.
We just need to have a game called Kill Screen.
I don't think it made your show roll, but there's also Galaga assists now in the game,
so...
That's kind of cool.
Yeah.
I hope it plays the little song.
Alright, some more news.
Hey, remember Awada missed E3 because he had had some medical issues, and had some, I think
he had surgery for a bile duct growth was what was going on.
Well, the good news is Nintendo did put out a little update through a spokesperson, Yoshihiro
Minagawa, who said that Awada is recovering steadily.
There's no interference with his business as president.
So just a little update, he's doing fine.
Also an update on the Wii U front, Hyrule Warriors, another game that people are looking
forward to this fall, not just, you know, the Smash Brothers or Captain Toad, but there's
Hyrule Warriors as well.
And Hyrule Warriors sadly will not have an online co-op mode, because, you know, it's
Nintendo and it's online, but there will be local co-op, because again, it's gonna get
loco!
You're gonna drink some far loco and play Hyrule Warriors.
Has this happened at one of your cons?
The Hyrule Warriors tournament, sponsored by 4 Loco.
Wow, there you go, is that still around?
They had to change it.
I think they had to take the caffeine out of it.
Right, because it was killing people.
Yeah, that's usually bad PR.
That's not a reason.
They found out what the cans latched to their hands.
I think we found the cause of death.
So anyway, there will be local co-op, and there you go, but they will say there will
be some other type of online play.
The reason why this is relevant, Dynasty Warriors always had online play, and yet this is coming
from the same people, yet, you know, just throwing it out there.
Hey, let's talk about Justice Beaver.
Hey, that is the name of the game, Justice Beaver.
Order in the court!
Gee, that's totally not a spoof on Justin Bieber.
I hope Oranja Boom comes out and punches him in the face.
That would be pretty awesome.
Anyway, Justice Beaver is a platformer game that's going to be coming out for the Wii
U and the Super Nintendo.
Yes, the Super Nintendo.
People want to make shit for old consoles, so why not?
UnderVision is the company putting this out.
The Super Nintendo will be the flagship platform, and they're trying to get a Super Nintendo
virtual console release on the Wii U eShop.
That would be kind of awesome, actually, if they could actually get a virtual console
release on the eShop, even though it's not really a classic game.
That game would be banned in Canada, I guess.
Justice Beaver, would the Canadians not take lightly to that?
I don't know.
They'd probably all laugh their ass off.
Probably, and then apologize for it.
And then the sequel, Justice Beaver Rush.
Hopefully that's the end of the game, is that Rush just, you know, kills them all.
Anyway, alright.
There it is.
That's what I've got.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, yeah.
Well, how about LittleBigPlanet 3?
Pre-orders are ready to go.
As soon as...
You could probably pre-order LittleBigPlanet 4 if you want.
GameStop's like, sure, I'll take your five bucks.
Do you want to put that on your new GameStop card?
That's how they sell the card.
You want to guarantee that you get that DLC?
Well, it looks like that if you do the order, you get a Sackboy plushie.
If you order one at Target, his comes with a Target hat.
And then the thing that interests me, a Dragon Age Inquisition costume pack, because that's
all I care about.
No, there's also other costume packs.
There's the Mythical Creatures one.
There's Hidden Animals.
There is the PlayStation's favorite costume pack that includes Journey, Jak and Daxter,
Sly Cooper, Loco Roco, Ratchet and Clank, and Tearaway.
Many of which have already been out there already.
So since Dark Sakura brought up a LittleBigPlanet plushie...
November 18th, by the way.
Thank you.
Since Dark Sakura brought up the LittleBigPlanet Sackboy plushie, can I borrow your outfit
and go to FurCon?
If you want, it's really hot.
And Dusty, there could be an infestation of Black Woodas in there and I don't even
know.
I'll fur-freeze it.
Alright, I'll beat it out in the backyard with a bat.
We don't want you to know about you beating it in the backyard, Rob.
I knew, like, the minute the words were coming out of my mouth, I was like, stop talking!
But I can't.
Because you know where...
Yes, if you really want to borrow that Dusty costume for, you know...
We'll get you some fumigation stuff, Rob.
I really...
I should take it to Dragon Con, but how am I going to get that on the plane?
Strap it to the top.
It is really large.
It is really large.
It is really large.
I'd have to take a whole other thing.
Can I continue?
Yes, yes.
Okay.
Alright, Your Highness.
So Kmart has listed a game called Captain Toad Treasure Tracker for $39.99.
Apparently, it was a mini-game.
I actually did not play this game.
Oh yeah, it was a mini-game in Super Mario 3D World, but now it's going to be its own
game, according to Kmart listings.
So who knows if this is real, because it's Kmart.
The game is real.
They talked about it at E3.
It's the price.
The price we didn't know, because that's lower than most games.
It is...
Yeah, I mean, it's lower.
I could see them doing that, because I don't think it's going to be that popular.
It is a legit listing, because I can see right now the model number is a legit Nintendo
model number.
So yeah.
So there's that.
But I would assume the price is correct.
If they've got the model number, they probably have the price.
Yeah, it's actually correct, because I was at E3 when I was playing it, and they were
saying it was $39.99.
Oh, they did.
I didn't know they gave the retail price at E3.
I think I remembered seeing something about it, and then...
I guess the news here is that Kmart is selling something.
I think I saw it and didn't pay attention to it, so that's why.
Because...
Alright, well there you go.
Oh, there's more news.
There's more news.
Yeah, why...
Okay, so all the chatters that are like, the game was announced at E3, yeah, but sorry
if we were paying attention to Splatoon or the cool stuff.
Or sorry if some of us had Job and real life stuff to worry about.
I saw the stuff on Kirby Treasure Tracker.
I just thought it looked so boring that I just didn't give a shit.
No, I didn't realize the price had already been out there.
I thought that was the new thing.
Alright, whatever.
DarkSira.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was busy worrying about real life for a moment.
Sorry.
Another thing too, if you are a fan of Zen Pinball 2, then there is a Guardians of the
Galaxy table to be out on Jul- actually, it's already out.
It came out on July 29th for $2.99, and it's both heroes and villains from the universe,
and should be awesome, as long as it has lots and lots of Rocket Raccoon.
The movie, by the way, killed the box office, like 90 plus million, and they were only expecting
it to make 70.
Fuck you, Titanic.
So, well, I don't think it's going to go that huge, but it's doing very well for itself.
No, Dan went and saw it without me.
What a jerk.
I know, right?
Well, he better go see it again.
I'm going to go without him.
You should.
We'll go.
We can go on a date.
We're going on a date.
Let's go on a plater date.
Alright, it'll be fun.
Okay.
Because I haven't seen it yet.
I haven't seen him, so.
Then Dan can take Alan to see it.
You know what, though?
Alan and Shane went out last night to go have Mongolian, so, you know what?
Oh, really?
Yeah, there you go.
So, alright.
Moving on.
Oh, it's the FUGL Question of the Week time.
Maybe.
Here I was talking about Guardians of the Galaxy.
I almost forgot to get to Facebook and Google Plus.
You slam those words together, you get FUGL.
It's the FUGL Question of the Week.
Every week, we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities, and we read some
of our favorite answers here on Air.
If I'm feeling quite generous, I'll read all of them.
Well, tonight, I had to ask something about that GameStop credit card.
So, the question we asked, did you hear about the controversial new credit card at the Evil
G?
This makes us think about crazy lengths you might have gone to in the past to play the
game you want.
What's the craziest thing you've ever done to either A, get a great deal on a game, or
B, get your hands on the game at all?
Now, the weird thing about this FUGL Question of the Week is we had a lot of people that
just kind of responded to the story, and not really the question, but, okay, it's the show
where every gamer has a voice, and there are some really interesting opinions on it, so
I'll read all the answers anyway.
This is the show where nobody reads.
You have to clearly...
This is...
Did you not read the sign on the door before you came in?
This is the 2000s.
No one reads.
They assume.
All right.
No, it's fine.
I'm just giving you guys some crap.
Well, clearly, people wanted to comment on the credit card, and that's fine.
So let's start with our buddy Renee from Killer Queens from Outer Space, who did answer the
question at hand, who said, being a part-time street corner pharmaceutical representative
in order to save up enough moneys to purchase the Sega CD system and a couple of titles.
Girl, you sold weed so you could play Night Trap?
Is that what you're saying?
Is that what I'm hearing?
What is a part-time street corner pharmaceutical representative?
That is...
Is that a weed salesman?
Anyhow, AZHP says, this sounds like it's meant for the irresponsible college student who
gets their first credit card at the same time they move out but have no job, buy a whole
bunch of things on credit saying, I can make the minimum and pay it off when I get a job
at a college.
Then five years later, they realize they've got thousands of dollars in debt in addition
to their student loans and have to go bankrupt to 23 years old.
I guess if GameStop wants a piece of that pie, go for it.
It's no stinkier than any other retail-based credit card offer for Macy's, even if the
APR is higher.
Degenerate Johnny says, back to the crazy thing you did for a game, I convinced my family
to do a yearly present trade-off.
No presents for me for an entire year.
No birthday presents, no Christmas presents, et cetera.
In exchange, they would purchase an Atari Jaguar for me when it came out.
I was a big Aliens vs. Predator fan back then.
Well, and Tempest 2000 was definitely worth getting a Jaguar for as well.
All right, let's see.
Elliot B. responded, saying, I spent the majority of a family holiday in New York traipsing
around shops for a DS.
It wasn't available in the UK at that point, and even in New York, it was sold out everywhere.
Eventually I managed to find one in Times Square, and I was the coolest kid in school
until it came out in the UK three months later.
Jonathan L. said, during the PlayStation Network's sales a few months ago, I bought three months
of PlayStation Plus to get some PS3 games cheap, but I don't actually have a PS3.
I'll get one eventually, and when I do, I have some HD remakes waiting to download.
So he bought games for a system he doesn't even own.
That is going to pretty great lengths.
SG100Matt says, when the DS Lite came out, I went to several Circuit City stores, bought
a few $6 PlayStation 2 games, and returned them to Walmart for $35 each.
I ended up with about $130 in store credit after only spending 36 collectively at various
Circuit City stores.
With that store credit, I bought a DS Lite.
I understand this is a highly unethical tactic and probably illegal, but I was a young, crafty
college student and a big cheapskate.
A few more answers on the credit card front, Chigurh says, I am swamped with credit card
debt, and if I ever get out of it, I will never let it happen again.
These things are evil.
And lastly, Alan Alchemy, that's right.
My partner couldn't read the question and answered.
Way to go, Alan.
No, but you know what?
Heart, heart.
This is a good piece of feedback on the credit card issues.
Alan Alchemy says, I don't mind it because they can't pitch it to anyone who looks under
18, but this is no different from when we're harassed at Target for their card.
They're just joining the big kids table, which makes sense since video games is a multi-billion
dollar industry.
The main issue is that 18th birthday, no credit, horrible interest rate, foreshadowing of fucking
up their credit rating forever, risk angle, but that's not GameStop's problem and will
just happen on some other store's card.
The interest rate is gross, but similar to what Providian and Capital One provides for
the same demographic.
$20 up front is a pretty lame perk too, but oh well.
Well let's check out over on Google Plus and see if people actually was answering the question
or was answering the credit card feature.
Again, I'm just giving you guys crap.
I actually think the answers on the credit card front are great.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
Let's see, we have a couple answers and they are both about the crazy questions.
So Act Def says, I think the most crazy thing I've done to get my hands on a video game
is probably overpay for one.
I wanted a copy of Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney when it first came out, but it was super rare
to get, so I paid $50 USD for a used when it actually cost $30 USD new, but it was kind
of hard to actually find a new copy at that price, so at the time I didn't mind.
Sadly, a few months later, Capcom decided to print more copies of the game, oh well.
And lastly, Retertainment says, when I was a kid, I mowed lawns to buy a Game Boy.
Due to me being a ginger, this resulted in me bursting into flames on a regular basis
due to walking outside.
Flame on!
There it is, the answers to the FUGO question of the week.
I'll pose the question in the room, does anybody want to answer?
We already talked about the credit card thing, but what was the craziest thing you ever did
to get your hands on a game?
I paid $210 USD to get the Sailor Moon S fighting game, and I ordered it COD in Alabama, which
was the only way I could get it.
I saved up for like six months.
And then my grandma drove me around to five different stores until we went to Montgomery
Wards so I could buy Killer Instinct.
Awesome.
In Alabama.
That's awesome.
I bought press kits to play games early.
Wow!
Several times.
I paid, I think $120 USD for the Motorstorm Apocalypse press kit, but I got to play the
game over a month before it came out.
I did that for DJ Hero 2, or you know, DJ Hero, the original one.
I remember I got the, I don't remember if it was the first or second one, but I got
the DJ Hero turntable, like a beta one that was wired.
I remember that.
And then I got the demo disc with that.
You used to buy that?
Worth it.
It was awesome.
You used to buy that crazy shit all the time, and I was like, how much did you spend on
that, Logie?
Anyway, I would say honestly the craziest thing I did was I imported a Japanese PlayStation
2 to play Beatmania 2DX.
That was pretty crazy.
That was a lot of money to be able to do that.
We bought the one that Game Master had, their last, which was the first model, the Japanese
PlayStation 2.
Nice.
By the way, still works.
I know, yeah.
Mine probably still works too.
I don't know if you can, it stopped working with my TV at some point.
Like some of the older games didn't work.
Jonas, Diego, anything crazy you guys did?
Might be gamer related.
When I actually purchased Iguana Girls, a Japanese PlayStation 2, because she wasn't
using, I think she wanted to sell it like with Beatmania and stuff.
In the top of buying the DDR pass for cheap, I decided to compulsively buy a lot of the
Bemani and DDR games just to keep up with the gamers at the time.
Yeah, as most music game nerds would do.
They have to have them all.
I've got to get 7th style, 8th style, 9th style, 10th style, and they have them all.
And we provided a lot of the stuff for the community, for the cons.
In addition to that, with the buying the games, we compulsively bought repair kits
for the pads too, because as much as people start stomping with heels, we have to repair
the hell out of those.
It gets pricey, but we did it for all the fans.
Alright, I did it for the fans.
Alright, Diego, any crazy purchases you made?
Yeah, also hanging out with Jonas and all, some of his friends got me into music games
and such, but when I was getting into imports, I went online and bought a Japanese Wii and
got Brawl when it was released in Japan before it came out in America.
Oh, dang.
Okay.
So we had it over here quite early and people were on that.
And the amazing thing about that is that the names are different.
Two of the names are different in Japanese.
They call Bowser Koopa, King Koopa, or just Koopa, which is amazing.
And they call Jigglypuff Purrin.
And Pokemon Trainer was, I don't know, they said it in a different tone, and Rob was called
Robot.
Okay.
Yeah.
Wow.
So we had that for about a good three to four months before it was released in America.
Huh.
Yeah.
So we're showcasing it over here.
I did that too and I wasn't even a big fan of Smash Brothers.
I just wanted to play it early.
Yeah, you just had to have it early.
That's it.
But see, I didn't buy an import system.
I put a mod chip in mine instead, which, that was scary because at the time I wasn't very
good at soldering.
I was like, I'm going to fuck this up.
I'm going to fuck this up.
I'm going to fuck this up.
And it worked!
Yay!
I've heard people who were just flimsy on that and they just screwed up their entire
Wii system.
I'm like, well, there goes the warranty.
You just screwed with it.
So.
Yeah.
By the way, you know, we have a switch on the back of our GameCube.
It's not hooked to anything.
We just have a switch on the back of our GameCube.
It's just there.
We put it there, starting to mod it, and we didn't think we'd do anything with it.
So now we just have a switch.
I miss the days of the PlayStation 1 where you just plug that little guy in the back
and bang, it's done.
I remember that.
Oh, that's fantastic.
I remember that.
And don't forget about, though, trying to sit and go through all of the hoops that you
had to jump through to get PSO to work with the Ethernet adapter.
Yes.
On the DreamCube.
And I got it.
The DreamCube?
No, the DreamCube.
The Dreamcast.
Rob.
She's the dream team.
Yeah.
Fart, Rob.
Fart.
I will.
I will.
Anyway, moving on.
Let's get back into some other news for the week.
So, Crytek hasn't been doing that great, and because of that, they actually ended up selling
off some of their titles and assets to different companies.
For example, Homefront The Revolution was actually sold to Deep Silver, the company
that was going to be publishing it, because I guess they just didn't have the money or
something.
Whatever.
But basically, they said, hey, we strongly believed in the potential of Homefront The
Revolution and trust the new team to continue the path that they have been walking for the
last few years.
And also to go along with that, Crytek also has this game called Hunt, which is a co-op
monster hunting game.
Kind of think of, I don't know, Constantine or something like that.
But this has actually moved from the original studio to now Crytek Austin.
Oh, I'm sorry, from Crytek Austin to the Frankfurt location, so shifting stuff around.
But I guess they did make a comment, though, I want to say, saying that, no, no, no, our
financial stuff's okay, but you've got to wonder if they're starting to sell assets
like that and move stuff around that maybe they're thinking of downsizing a little bit.
GameGuru in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com is asking, did someone buy TimeSplitters?
No.
No, sadly, I would have been excited about that.
I want to buy TimeSplitters, I just don't have any money.
We'd take a dollar.
That's my final offer.
Moving on to some other news, this is about Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate.
For those of you that have picked this up for the 3DS, this is kind of neat.
A lot of stuff on 3DS, as you know, is region-locked, and that doesn't make the system popular with
some people, because they've got to buy the import systems, but the cool thing about Monster
Hunter 4 Ultimate is that the multiplayer mode is not going to be region-locked online
with North America and Europe, but the weird thing is, not Japanese.
So it's still region-locked for Japanese, but North America and Europe will be able
to play together.
I don't know if that's a language difference, although there's other parts of Europe where
they speak other languages than English.
I don't know.
That's kind of funny.
Yeah, I'm not sure what went into that decision, but those walls coming down with region-locking
is a good thing.
I mean, I know I have friends overseas that I would love to play World of Warcraft with
or whatever.
I mean, not that I'm really playing WoW anymore, but when I was, I would really love to play
with them, but I can't, because they can't roll characters on these servers with the
Europe game.
It's stupid.
It's so stupid.
But in Final Fantasy XIV, you can, which is great.
I can play on a Japanese server if I want.
I'll have lag, but I can do it.
I really didn't notice much lag playing on the Japanese server, by the way.
It's not that bad at all.
No.
I used to love playing with the Japanese players in Final Fantasy XIV.
Because they freaking know how to play.
Well, they used to respect the bard.
A bard couldn't get a fucking party because I had a kick-ass bard, too, so.
Well, what I have to make a quick mention.
I love playing with Japanese players, be using the little translator thingy, because they
actually will make sure everyone's ready and move forward at the same time.
Even if you were a complete stranger, you were still treated with basic respect and
your skills are incorporated into the group properly and not just the party bitch.
I'm sorry, healer.
Some of those are very well organized, especially the Japanese servers.
But they know you'll be lagging like a motherfucker, especially because that's definitely an American
right there.
And they'll wait.
But that's the thing.
They'll wait.
Yeah.
At least most of the ones I've run into.
When I played Metal Gear 4 online, as soon as you get on those servers, they kick you
out immediately.
They just ban you, kind of.
Wow.
Because they can choice ban you as a vote.
Because seeing them playing that game online, when that game came out, that was probably
the best Metal Gear Online I played.
Because in Japan, it's a game and they have the online games separate.
In America, it's just one game.
And in going there and seeing them being so organized, I said, okay, I can see why they
don't want to lose a match on that.
Because if you're lagging it up, you're holding up the team.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
I guess we'll do one more story here, or no, a couple more stories here before the mailbag.
Dark Sakura.
Well, there's one about the best game ever.
Hataful Boyfriend.
If no one has ever heard of this game, I don't know why, because it's amazing.
Basically it's a game where you get to, you're the only human left and all of the guys left
are pigeons.
So you have to date a pigeon.
You're the last human woman in the world and you have to date a pigeon.
You go to an all pigeon high school except for you.
Anyway, this game has been out for a little while, since 2011.
And yeah, this is done by, well, okay.
It was actually done by a manga artist named Hata Moa.
And the people who did Amateur Surgeon and Foul Play are going to be putting this out
through Steam for $9.99 on August 21st.
And it's awesome.
Hataful Boyfriend will have, there'll be a collector's edition called Summer of Dove
that has a copy of the game as well as the downloadable version of the soundtrack, the
digital comic by Moa, wallpapers of one of the game's pigeon heartthrobs, and a digital
version of the yearbook.
And so the world was engulfed in pudding.
So what would be the proper etiquette when you go out on a date with a pigeon, Dark Sakura?
Does the pigeon pay, or do you pay, or do you go Dutch, or what?
You regurgitate your food to the babies.
Oh my gosh, his mother birded it into their mouths.
That's a fair response.
That's a fair response.
Hey, cuckoo motherfucker.
Loki.
Yeah, it's gonna be hard to follow up, but this is kind of neat, I guess, you know, they've
been working together for a while now, but Gust, the company that puts out a lot of different
Japanese games, including the popular Atelier series, mainly on PlayStation 3, will now
become part of Koei Tecmo, and this is gonna be effective on October 1st.
And yeah, so I guess we'll see a lot more Atelier games from them, and maybe some more
of the Arto and Leeko series.
So these companies are merging and getting bigger and turning into super companies and
Voltron.
Well, they're like turning from like small companies to mid-sized small companies.
I guess Atelier wasn't really a huge, huge, huge developer, so.
Well, Gust, yeah, they weren't that huge, but hey, it's good that they'll be around.
Alright, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com, and DarkSakura picks some of her favorite emails
to read right here on the show, although I was gonna say, I don't think there was a big
selection this week.
We had a very quiet audience.
I guess the show we did last week was just so powerful that everybody was just blown
away by it and felt no need to email us.
I gave everybody the plague.
Alright.
Again, if you want to email us, participate at orangelaungeradio.com, but in the meantime
there's at least one email, right DarkSakura?
What's up, OrangeLounge?
Can someone remind Loki that Skeezy makes music?
Here, Loki, give my next sample a listen.
If you have a certain mood or style that you think you can describe, I'm willing to try
anything for you.
He did send us music.
See, I knew that would happen when you complain about not having music for your game.
Somebody out there would be like, I do music.
Yeah, there's, I don't know.
There's a beat, I guess, but yeah, I'll take a look.
I'll forward to the email so you can check out the MP3.
Is that it?
Um, no.
Oh.
Anyways, but I heard Rob say that he's quote too old, end quote, to be going to midnight
releases, but I'm sure you guys have some good memories of standing in line pre-holiday
season.
Could you share some midnight release moments from the past with us?
There was a time that Kristen and I bribed our way into the middle of the line to get
wheeze with donuts and coffee.
You found fans of OLR fans at, which is, which still blows me away that there's people that
recognizes out there, but you found fans of OLR standing in line at target.
We asked everyone in line, do you mind if we take this place in line and we will buy
you donuts and coffee when Krispy Kreme opens?
And they're like, sure.
Nice.
So, and then we stayed up all night writing bad fan fiction together, which was awesome.
And then there was Waiting for the Dreamcast where, um, my friend and I went over to Barnes
and Noble and got like really cheap, crappy horror books.
And we're reading about really bad vampire stuff in line at the mall sitting on the floor.
My midnight release story was when Extrofer was my roommate at the time and he really
wanted to play the Wii even more than I did.
So I said, here's the cash, you go wait in line and get the Wii and I'm going to sleep.
And I did.
And he did.
And everybody was happy.
Oh, now there was Waiting in Line to see, uh, episode one, which God, what was I thinking?
Even though it wasn't, you know, it was a movie and not a game release.
Yeah.
The coolest thing about the whole event, including the movie, were the people under the trees,
um, in full costume having a toy lightsaber duels until the cops made them stop.
Yeah.
I was at the midnight, uh, re uh, release of episode one as well.
Yeah.
I've done that for a few movies, but I don't do it for a lot of games.
The last, honestly, like the last midnight release I really remember going to for a game
was Final Fantasy 12.
It was a long time ago.
Dan did a bunch of them, but he worked at GameStop and GameCrazy.
Yeah.
Loki, any crazy midnight releases you did?
Um, I haven't done too many.
I mean, I did those for like the Grand Theft Auto games.
Um, like the only one, the last one I remember actually going to midnight release for was
San Andreas and that it wasn't that interesting to me and it was just kind of, okay, we're
waiting in line.
Okay.
They're open.
Pick up copy.
Done.
Um, the Wii stuff was fun, but at the same time I already had mine that prior that week.
So it wasn't like I was excited to get that day with the whole, I just don't have to do
it anymore because like I can't stay up late playing the game because I have to work the
next day and if I buy it on a place like Amazon or whatever, they deliver it and it's
home when I get home from work and there you go.
Yeah.
That's pretty much it.
I mean, that's what I'll do with Destiny probably.
I mean, the only time I'd say that the exception for that is like if I'm going to get a game
system day one and I really, you know, need it that, you know, ASAP, but the problem is
though nowadays, cause I would just order it for my work and just get it delivered prior
to release.
I don't know.
How about our guests, Jonas, Diego, any, um, crazy midnight stories for you guys to play
a game?
Um, well, um, I would say also for the Wii when we were, uh, me and my friends were waiting
for the Wii release, um, via Walmart and, uh, my one friend had, um, suggested that
we would bring a, uh, foldable, unfoldable table, sit down with a couple of chairs and
play magic the gathering as we waited and it worked out so well cause, uh, we were so
into our game that we forgot that time was passing by and a little bit of coffee that
helped out.
It helps out too.
Yeah.
But it was unusual cause a lot of people gathered around us and they're like, well, they thought
we were gambling and I was like, no, no, no, no, these are just these cards.
And they're like, Oh, okay.
We did.
And they were going to go tell like security like, no, wait, this is not going down.
Like kick them out of line.
Like, like you don't see chips here.
You don't see nothing.
There's nothing going on.
There's no money on the tables.
Let's just calm down.
You probably weren't even playing for Auntie, were you?
It's just magic.
I know.
All right.
Jonas?
Um, for, for midnight releases, I really don't do those kind of things.
But um, the last time I did a midnight release was with my girl, with my fiance now since
we're never got engaged.
For what game?
Um, Pokemon, um, X and Y.
There you go.
All right.
Okay.
So I didn't invite her for, for first ever midnight release.
That wasn't that long ago.
So, so, okay.
We went to midnight release and because she's like one of the only girls who actually play
Pokemon X, Y, and that line, she, she just played a lot of people and kicked everyone's
ass.
So wait, she was one of the only girls in line.
I would think there are tons of girls that play Pokemon.
Oh, well, I was in the Folsom area, but almost everybody was all male.
Wow.
All right.
Well, there are just parts of them that were female.
I guess.
Well, well, maybe it's the fact too that the women just, you know, they, they knew better
to stay home and sleep and rest.
You know what?
I think midnight releases are fun sometimes.
It's just, I'm old.
Yeah, me too.
And I like to sleep.
Me too.
It could be fun.
I mean, it was just me and my...
Get off my lawn.
All right.
But, but, but, but, but the rest of the email?
Yes.
Thanks.
Much love, ESPZ.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
You're welcome.
There it is.
Participate at orangelawntrader.com if you would like to take some of Dark Sakura's precious
time to have an email read here on the program.
You would take my time and my sanity.
All right.
Well, I guess it was good that our mailbag segment was a little bit shorter tonight because
after the mailbag always comes, the FUs of the week.
I have two.
The first one goes towards people who take up far, far too much personal space than they
need to.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to sit on a public bench with your legs spread out to where you're the size
of two people instead of one.
Keep them together.
No one wants to see your crotch.
I don't care who you are.
I don't care what gender you are.
I don't care if you are a scrawny little two year old.
I don't care if you are, I don't know, the biggest Bubba to have ever bubbered.
Keep it together.
Dark Sakura just doesn't care in general.
I think that if a guy is going to sit there with his legs spread out, like, come do me
now, then I should be able to sit with my legs spread out and take up more space than
possible.
But no double standards.
So men, keep your legs together.
All right.
Number two.
Number two.
The waiting.
I want to know now, I want to know, I want the world, I want the world.
All right.
Loki, how about Europe?
Here's the week.
All right, ladies, let's let's be real here.
Yeah.
Crazy sometimes.
And, and, and, and I know that you don't like it when men call you crazy, but hear me out
today.
Let's change the baby as I normally do, because he poops and my wife walks in and she goes,
you don't say my name enough.
I'm like, what?
I'm like, you know, when we're having a conversation, you don't say my name.
I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about?
I say your name all the time.
How do I get your attention?
Nelly, can you go do this?
Nelly do this.
Nelly do this.
It makes no fucking sense.
Why would a woman come into the room and like have this thought in their head and complain
about this?
It makes no goddamn sense to me.
And maybe just because I'm a man, but that's why I call you crazy sometimes because you
say crazy things.
Maybe if you didn't say crazy things, I wouldn't call you crazy.
No one is around you say, baby, I love you, you ain't running games.
For the record, that is crazy.
Just saying Dan and I pride ourselves on making up weird nicknames for each other.
It's not like, you know, I don't refer, like, I don't go, Hey, you, I mean, like, I say,
I call her by her name.
Like I call my kids by their names.
I, when appropriate, I mean, like if I'm talking to you already, I'm not going to just say
your name all the time.
You know, like call her weird nicknames.
No, I don't call her weird nicknames.
You call her any fun pet names?
Nope.
No, maybe you should.
Well, no.
Make up a fun, crazy nickname and see if she likes that better.
Like you could call her Nelly Pop.
No, it's unfortunately, it'll just rub off on her kids.
Like my, my son already, he doesn't want to go to sleep.
You know, if his fan blades on the ceiling fan are facing the right direction, this is
the kind of crap.
Oh no.
So whatever.
I'm done.
All right.
Um, I don't have a whole lot of FUs of the week F F you to the fact that, um, I like
only slept for like five hours last night.
That would be my FU of the week because sleep is valuable.
Um, let me, let me, let's hear more about this sleeping for five hours a night.
You know what?
Tell me more about it.
You're the one that had the kid.
Kids.
For the record, since there seems to be a mention of this in the chat, Dan just calls
me girl and I call him boy.
That's what I call you too, girl.
Girl don't even.
All right.
I didn't know Dan and I really do have weird names for each other.
I'm not going to get into it.
What Alan and I do.
It's not none of your business, any of your businesses.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, moving on.
Diego, do you have any FUs?
See FUs.
Uh, well one that comes to mind, I just said just one because my one, uh, since like me
and Jonas do a lot of conventional work and such, and we always influence, especially
at Fanime, we influence the, the three, uh, the three standard rule law of, uh, taking
it, taking at least one shower, uh, please using some sort of deodorant and by golly
drink as much water and food as you can because all these kids running around don't do that.
And, and, and for the fact of being illiterate and such forth, or screaming at the top of
your lungs when you're doing a tournament and they, they, they, they're staring at you
and saying, did you call my name yet?
Yes.
I, is there a Jason?
Jason?
Jason here.
Jason.
Just an example.
Let's just put it out there.
Just an example.
Jason.
Jason.
And about five, five, 10 minutes later after I disqualified this kid, he comes up, Hey,
and I, I literally know where this kid was staying the whole time and he comes like, had
I been called yet?
I said, are you fucking serious?
All Diego, all Jason wants is for you to say his name.
No one is around you.
Say baby, I love you.
If you ain't running game.
Say my name.
Say my name.
Jason's standing in front of me lately.
You're hired.
You're on the megaphone.
I still can't, I still can't hear you lately, Mr. Jason's disqualified when I didn't hear
my name then.
No, you're still disqualified.
It's not going on the wish list.
You got to get the fuck out of here.
I don't know.
I try to improv there.
I guess I tried.
I tried.
Good night, everybody.
This week, oh, you just, you just won OLR for the evening.
Congratulations.
All right.
Well I would say, how can we follow that FU of the week?
But then I remember Jonas is here for the first time in seven years.
Let's hear it.
Seven years worth of FUs.
Well, I'll keep it short.
I mean, I'm more calm nowadays for the past after seven years, but okay.
All right.
From the big FU to the person who stained my Wii U, it went from-
Wait, wait, wait.
Who stained your Wii U?
No, no, no.
Wii controller.
Wii remote controller.
Okay.
I don't even want to know what got on it.
Wait, what?
What was the stain?
Okay.
This happened at one of the events.
It was white at 10 o'clock in the morning on a Sunday, it was like clear white, cleaned
up.
I come back 11 o'clock, it was brown stained.
The Wii strap.
Oh, the strap.
And we had to clean that up because someone pointed out how nasty it was.
I'm like- Oh my God, so somebody tried to put it in
their butt?
Like how does it- No, no, no.
Someone like sweat grease basically.
I have some coworkers that the controllers are like, how the fuck is there like wax built
up on this shit?
What are you guys like sweating like motor oil or something?
I don't know.
Maybe, maybe.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Another fuck you to like the whole story with the standing situation.
Now for those who want to play the B-Money games in Sacramento, you might as well play
them as soon as possible because we have unfortunately with the unknown audit, we have to take those
games out before, actually with less than 20 days.
Get ready to drive to Miggle where it's twice as far and costs twice as much.
And sadly, that was actually the place where I can actually practice form a freestyle for
the United States Championships for Pump It Up.
I'm like, fuck, how am I supposed to practice now?
And people are expecting me to be competing with two routines if possible.
Yes, I still freestyle, just came back out of nowhere, but unfortunately with what just
happened it's going to be a lot tougher to deal with.
Well, people have been demanding Dr. Dick to come back too.
So someday, someday.
I know.
It's raining midroutine.
Yep.
Someday, someday.
Very, like 2% of our listeners get that joke, get that, that's it.
A critical fuck you, and hopefully this gets into people's heads, fuck you to those who
are trying to bring illegal like ROMs and stuff or even requesting it to the game rooms
or even like hack stuff.
FYI, you guys, there's actual companies like Nintendo, Sony watching these conventions.
You don't want conventions to get shut down or get sued, you all know the strict legal
laws of these things.
And we don't want to be held responsible for that.
Let's say this happens, let's say a really good event like Gamer X.
Yeah, where 2K and Ubisoft are present, it's like, in Gearbox, let's play a pirated version
of Rayman.
Yeah, let's not do that, yo.
Let's not.
Like, I know this is a big issue with like the Project M community, it's like, look,
it's a modern game, we can't do that.
Right, right.
Because even Nintendo said don't bring that to us, we can't have that.
Again, we just don't want these conventions to get in trouble because it hurts the industry,
it hurts us, it hurts the community.
You can go up to your hotel room and play all the Project M you want.
Yes, exactly.
Take it out of public sight.
Alright.
Um, I think that's about it for now.
Alright, for now.
For now, alright.
There it is, folks, the FUs of the week.
It was a little bit longer tonight, but you know, Jonas was here, that was gonna happen.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys before we get to your calls.
If you want to call in and say FU, but then I can just hang up on you, but if you have
something you want to actually talk about, whether we missed it or whether there's a
new story that you want to give an opinion on, perhaps the whole EA Pass thing that we
talked about earlier in the show or, you know, you want to talk to us about the Evil G's
credit card or whatever, we can talk about that.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, but first, we have a couple
more stories.
Loki.
So, Monopoly has had several, several themed versions of their game, including a Super
Mario Bros. version and World of Warcraft version.
Well, now there's gonna be the Legend of Zelda edition that's gonna be coming out on September
15th and, um, it is all Hyrule themed and they've got, uh, you know, all sorts of cool
game pieces.
There's like a Triforce in there.
I'm trying to see.
This picture is so tiny.
Soon to be seen in convention board game rooms everywhere across America, right?
Yes.
And, um, you know, apparently, I'm trying to see here, uh, oh, here we go.
The choice is that you'll have a bow, a hook, shot, boomerang, Triforce, or shield, um,
are gonna be available and, uh, also, I guess, if you want to shop at the Evil G, they also
have an Ocarina of Time as well and, uh, six power cards that tweak the gameplay and some
sort of lithograph of the Hyrule map if you want to purchase it from the Evil G.
So, all right, looks kind of neat, I guess.
I would like to get my hands on that, actually.
I have that.
There was a Mario Monopoly not that long ago that I have, like, it was like Nintendo or
something, so.
Yeah, both.
Yeah.
So, why not?
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys.
This is a little bit of a warning to those of you that downloaded The Sims 2 by EA.
Heads up, Dar Sakura, Loki, those of you that, uh, got your free Sims 2, it has come to people's
attention that, uh, Sims 2 contained Securom, which you might remember from a long time
ago, right?
Yeah.
We talked about this on the show before.
Securom was a pretty intrusive form of, um, uh, anti, uh, or the copy protection scheme
that they would have in the game there that had the potential to screw up other games
on your computer.
Uh, it would bury itself in your registry and it's a real pain in the ass to get out.
So, just a heads up, if you installed Sims 2, your computer probably has Securom in it
now.
Um, you can get rid of it.
There's, uh, you know, just Google it if you want a how to remove Securom, although look
for instructions, not for software, because the software probably has viruses.
So, there's instructions out there.
Um, other games that have the, uh, Securom, if you didn't know, BioShock, Mass Effect,
Spore, which is a huge one, because this is a big part of the reason why people pirated
Spore back when it came out, Command & Conquer Red Alert 3, Dragon Age 2, Final Fantasy 7
on PC, the re-release, um, so there you go, so, uh, you might want to check your registry,
see if Securom's there, unless you don't care, if you don't care, then there you go, but,
uh, if you do care, and you want to get that shit off your computer, you might need to
look into that, so, there it goes, so, you'll have to, uh, quarantine Sims 2 like it was
an Ebola virus or something, or, or, send it back to where it came, to, to, to its homeland
or something, I don't know.
Alright, uh, there it is, 1-877-GAMO-L-R, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio if you'd
like to give us a call, and, uh, we can talk about whatever's on your mind, while we wait
for the calls to come in, if any come in at all.
For, for the record, Avast caught it, like, right away.
Oh, good.
Yeah.
So, don't worry about it.
That's good.
There you go.
Um, let's see, uh, I'm looking in our chat here, over at live.vognetware.com, um, cause,
Kossen says, this is why you quarantine Origin, I always mispronounce his name, sorry, oh
no, as my Vista partition has been corrupted, how will I live?
Hey, that's what happened with Spore on my computer, our Vista, I think it's a joke.
Uh, alright, uh, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Sure, this is pretty exciting, um, there's gonna be a brand new adventure, point and
click adventure game called Randall's Monday, and why is it even more awesome?
Because Randall, or I should say, the actor Jeff Anderson, Randall from Clerks, will be
doing the voice of Randall.
I wasn't even supposed to be here today.
Uh, I believe that would have been Dante.
I thought they both said it.
No.
Um, so, I'll probably have to get that game, cause it looks pretty awesome.
And I'll just pretend it's Randall from Clerks, even if it's not really Randall from Clerks.
Randall from Clerks was the one that said, this job would be great if it wasn't for the
fucking customers, right?
Yeah.
There you go.
But you hate people, but I love gatherings, isn't it ironic?
Oh, that's such a good movie, I wonder if they ever will make a Clerks 3.
I hope they do.
I heard something where like, Miramax rejected the script, or rejected it or something.
Or whatever, the Weinstein company or whoever does these movies now.
Uh, 1877 game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, meanwhile I do have a few tweets
I could read here.
One of the tweets is from SSG100Matt, who says, the folks at Overclocked Remix have
released a Game Boy 25th anniversary album, and of course it's free, and you can check
that out at gameboy25.ocremix.com.
Wait, free?
Mm-hmm.
I like free.
That's OC Remix album, they do a lot of stuff for free.
And yes, the Game Boy is 25 years old, are you okay?
Okay, read it.
What is this you're going to show me?
I had to show it to somebody.
You guys have problems, stop interrupting the radio show through Tumblr posts.
All right, uh, let's see, 13Forever, 13CrossForever, 13XForever says, as I can't call in, you and
any listener with at least passing interest in JRPGs should research Kiss Case series
and buy Trails in the Sky.
I'm not familiar with this one, Logan, you heard of this one?
Trails in the Sky is, I think, one of those games that was built with RPG Maker, and they
actually have that part of the RPG Maker Humble Bundle, if I remember correctly.
So yes, I'm a little familiar with it.
Supposed to be pretty good.
I don't know, Jamie would know she bought that Humble Bundle.
I did, but I haven't touched it yet.
I bet I have it, I probably purchased it at some point, it's probably on my Steam library
or something, I don't even know if it's on Steam or something, but I've got so many games.
Dartitsuya tweets us and says, on the whole Scandia controversy, some people were suggesting
a Kickstarter, so stay tuned.
What's a Kickstarter going to do in that situation?
Open a Zone Arcade, that's a lofty goal.
On the topic of that, it has been done for arcades before, I'm not sure if anybody has
heard about the Super Arcade on Kickstarter.
I don't think so.
Tell me more.
Okay, so the idea of what happened with Super Arcade when they did the Kickstarter was to
keep the arcade running because the guy was using all his financial assets to make sure
it runs, and to renovate to make it even look better for a wide variety of audiences.
Right now, they're currently in the assembly, like reassembling the whole location.
I think the idea of a Kickstarter would be great, but before even doing that, before
the Kickstarter, they had to figure out the location, whether it may be in the Thomas
area or even Elk Grove, or just a location where it actually suits everybody.
Or those who are-
Downtown, sell booze, that's a great formula.
Actually, downtown is kind of a hit and miss at the moment, because the reason why is because
currently the arena is being-
Oh, shit, yeah, and it's going to jack all the prices up downtown, too.
Yeah, it's going to jack up the prices downtown, and it may also make operations a lot difficult
because of parking.
Yeah, makes sense.
I think everybody remembered Nickel Arcade.
Oh, God, yeah, see, I remember that, that was what I was going to say, downtown is not
a good place for an arcade.
All right, maybe Roseville, I don't know, they used to, speaking of Nickel Arcades,
they used to have NickelMania and Rose-
Citrus Heights?
Who knows?
I mean, not bad, I mean, no.
But regardless, I mean, yes, there needs to be an arcade location, like at least known
soon before the scramble, or the location the arcade's going to be at.
Right, right.
Like, the arcade machines will be sold to other places, or will be kept still in the
Sacramento area for another location to keep-
It'll be interesting to see what develops with that.
Oh, yeah, the old Birdcage.
The old Birdcage Arcade.
All right, 1877 Game O-L-R, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you'd like to give
us a call.
We keep talking about all this local drama, but there is a whole world out there of people.
And Dartasuya in our chat room, following up, saying, yeah, they're just discussing
it at the moment, but I'm keeping an ear out.
Let's see.
There's some folks talking about the Clerks 3 thing in chat.
SHO 100 Matt says, Kevin Smith is going to, but nobody ever got paid for Clerks 2, so
he's sorting out the legal stuff for the Weinstein's for that first.
So maybe they'll work it out, who knows.
We do have a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
This is Rageinator.
Hey, Rageinator, what's up, buddy?
Excuse me.
Now, just a little bit of news, that beer is repeating.
You know how for the past few weeks, I've been promoting or passing along information
about the free games that have been given away by PC Gamer?
We love free things.
Yeah.
Well, the promotion is more or less in its, quote, unquote, final week.
It's like they're essentially recapping the bundle that they've been giving away.
This is essentially the last chance to get any games that you may have missed.
And there's one or two gems in there.
They're actually quite good.
One of which is Dino D-Day, which obviously appeared for a while.
It's basically, imagine a PlayStation 2 era Medal of Honor game, but both sides,
from human characters, you also have dinosaurs, the choice of playing as a dinosaur as well.
Wait, wait, wait.
You can play as a dinosaur?
Yeah.
Or a human.
It's like Jurassic Park on the Genesis.
That was cool.
Basically, well, like I said, in terms of graphics, it looks exactly like a PlayStation
2 era Medal of Honor game, and kind of plays like one or two, just with the inclusion
of dinosaurs.
All right.
I think everybody perked up when you said that dinosaurs were involved, so tell us one
more time where we can grab this.
PC Gamer, I believe on top of the websites, there's like a scrolling banner, and you just
mentioned the increasing giveaway, and there's another really good one, which is a constant
shooter called Really Big Sky.
Oh, yeah.
I have that game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's really fun, and I forget what else there is in there.
It's a total of five games all together.
And here's the thing, Really Big Sky has trading cards in it, so hypothetically, you could
grab this free game and then sell the trading cards, and you'd have like a dollar.
Yeah, exactly.
And at Dafta, I see in a chat that at Dafta is asking what the website is.
It's PC Gamer, PC Gamer, gamer.com.
And there's also this website called Google, and you put PC Gamer into it, and you're likely
to get that as the first result, I think.
It's a pretty big banner that you can click on.
I actually redeemed all of these.
I already had Gun Monkey, well, except for Gun Monkeys, because I already had Gun Monkeys,
and I actually have two copies of Gun Monkeys.
Wait, wait, wait.
Monkeys with guns?
Yes, it's like Smash Brothers.
Cool.
What the heck?
But with Monkeys and Guns.
Let's talk more about the Gun Monkeys.
First off, why don't you give a monkey a gun?
I don't know, you want a copy of the game, I have an extra Steam Key, because each one
you redeem, including this, if you get it for free, you get two.
Hell yeah, if Monkeys with Guns are involved, I want it.
I want Monkeys with Guns.
That's like Planet of the Apes again in the movie, right?
Do you know what?
This game is officially a virus.
PC Gamer.com, go to the free Steam Key thing, you just have to like bundle stars and stuff,
but the thing is, you can always unsubscribe.
Yeah, like, key, unlike.
Done.
Yeah, you also have to bring your email address, but if you really don't want to bring an actual
email address that you use, you can make up an email address, like you can put in, you
know, fart.fartataol.com.
To be fair though, I mean, bundle stars, and there's a lot of other services out there
like that, they'll do a lot of these Steam bundles, and they're really, really cheap,
but then again, they're also really, really like, I mean, if you're looking to build up
your Steam library and you don't give a shit what's in there, bundle stars is the way to
go.
Like, for example, they have this one bundle here that's $3.49 and you get like eight games
with it.
Yeah, but what games are they?
You know, push space barf to change the color of your screen?
I don't know, they have decent games like vector, which is sort of like, it's a free
running game.
They have, this is actually a bad example, this one doesn't have a lot of cool stuff
in there, but there's actually some other ones that were pretty sweet that I've gotten
before, there was like a racing one.
Here you go, reboot 6.0, it's $2.99, you get postal, underground, block land, which is
actually pretty cool, it's like a cross between Lego and a first person shooter.
Oh, that's cool.
They have Steel Storm, Rock of Ages, and Expeditions Conquistador, so not bad.
I would have gotten that, except they have most of those games.
So, you know, $2.99 though?
Yeah, honestly, after the fact I saw the Hokies during the bundle stars group, I joined just
a sheer curiosity, and my only, although I'm in the minority here, my only problem with
buying games from the stars, or even buying games from Amazon or Google games or whatever,
is that I'm probably one of the few people out there that does not have a debit card
or credit card or what have you, and even when I had a Playstation 3 or an Xbox 360,
how I put paper stuff is through PSN cards or points cards or now Steam cards.
Well, Raginator GameStop's got a deal for you.
Look out.
Yeah, Raginator, they can ask with a chainsaw, they go to GameStop.
Wow. All right, Raginator, I gotta let you go so we can try to get some more calls, but
have fun with the dinosaurs and monkeys with guns, okay?
Have a nice night.
All right, bye.
All right, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio if you'd like to give us a call.
Maybe you know animals doing crazy things in video games that you want to share with us.
Jurassic Park, the movie, the fighting game.
Was that actually a thing?
No, but I wish it was.
They have Jurassic World next year. We'll probably get some game tie-ins with that, at least I can hope.
I still remember the Jurassic Park game on Super Nintendo because it was kind of at the height of the goons.
Even the Genesis one was crazy. They're good in different ways.
They were totally different, but the Super Nintendo one had the first person super pixelated.
Oh, yes, I remember that.
Like when the velociraptors would literally jump out from behind shit and scary.
Crazy little things like that.
I still like the Sega one. You still sit down.
Oh, yeah, that's right, the mechanic.
Was that a side-scroller?
No, it was a shooting game.
The arcade.
That one was great, yeah, definitely.
Which, by the way, I totally forgot what I was going to say, never mind.
All right, fair enough.
One last chance if you want to give us a call.
Every gamer has a voice, but only if you use it.
1877 Game O-L-R, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Tigerclaw reminding us that Chris Pratt is in Jurassic World.
Well, that guy's headed straight for the A-list between Guardians of the Galaxy and Jurassic World.
I'm sure he's going to do really well, and people love their parks and rec.
So that guy making good moves, good career choices.
So he's just destined to star in some flop in a couple of years.
Like, remember when Halle Berry won the Oscar, and then she did Catwoman?
Not a good career move.
I'm sorry, there's one thing I care about, one thing that has to happen in my lifetime.
What?
An actual, for real, wonderfully well done Deadpool movie.
Well, you know, that footage online, it's possible.
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
I know.
Very cool.
So, how about a Wonder Woman movie?
That's what I want to see.
If we can have Guardians of the Galaxy, we can have a solo Wonder Woman movie.
Should we be doing that after the whole Marvel, or is it the Batman and Superman movie?
Don't call it a Justice League movie, but it kind of is.
For the record, I think that Gal Gadot is absolutely gorgeous.
And I would go see it just for her.
We briefly, you know, because you weren't here last week actually,
and since we aren't getting a lot of calls tonight, it's a good time for me to kind of ask you about this.
Surely you saw the costume. I'm curious on your thoughts, because I was kind of like,
Well, okay. I didn't hate it, but I was very much like, she does look like Xena.
Everyone was like, it's all brown, it's all brown.
And I'm like, so is everything around her. It could be lighting.
I mean, I didn't get a really good high-res picture, so I could tell.
But I mean, it could very well have just been lighting.
She could have been drenched in blood.
The blood of her enemies.
Perhaps.
Although, I have to say that I did like the style.
I like the sword and all that, but she's got to have a lasso that makes people tell the truth at some point.
I mean, it's Wonder Woman.
Well, you know about how the character came across, right?
What do you mean?
The guy who created Wonder Woman was a fetishist.
Oh, lord.
No, seriously.
Wow.
The lasso had to relate it back to the whole lie detector test.
And any time that she was, her weakness is being bound by a man.
Wow.
And she loses her abilities.
Huh.
I don't remember Linda Carter doing that.
This was the early iteration, and there was a lot of tying people up in Wonder Woman.
Bound by a man.
Interesting. Very interesting.
Alright. Well, that is, and Dungeon Buster is pointing out the lasso is there.
It's right next to her sword hand on her hip.
Oh, good. I missed that.
I guess I didn't see, I just saw the little Twitter picture. I didn't see the, oh.
So that's good. I'm glad to hear it.
Alright. Well, that's, I guess, going to do it.
We're not getting any of the calls tonight, so our audience is just being shy.
I see how it is.
If you want to email us, you sure can.
You can send an email to participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
But for now, we're going to wrap up here in studio.
We're on our way out tonight.
I want to say thanks to our guests.
Diego, great to meet you.
Oh, it's a pleasure. Definitely.
And best of luck with SacAnime coming up in a few weeks.
I'm sorry I can't go myself, but DarkSakura will go and tell me all about the fabulous teabagging going on there.
Fabulous teabagging.
That's right.
Maybe, you know, she participated in a cosplay tournament at GamerX, so maybe she'll do one of your gaming tournaments.
Oh, wow. That would be really nice.
There you go.
She can kick somebody's ass at Tekken. I don't know if that's a thing you guys do.
Oh, that'd be good.
It's been ages since I was at my legendary level of skill in Tekken 3.
Do you like how I'm volunteering for stuff, too?
Wow, that's amazing. We have our own little Tekken player in our group, too.
And he goes under the name Heisenberg, I guess, but he just took that off of...
My last regular ongoing Tekken playing was in Tekken 4.
Oh, 4, yeah.
But my regular wasn't... They changed all of Jin's moves for 4.
Oh, damn.
And he was my regular in 3, so...
Yeah.
Him and Julia.
I like the one that did the capoeira dancing because you could just button mash.
Yeah, you could just button mash. It was great.
However, if you actually could play him without mashing, oh my god, even better.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Seriously. It's like watching... You don't know what you're watching.
It's just like suddenly there's feet.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it'll be good to see you there.
And the second one is just getting bigger.
And we want to make this one the best one possible.
And I think you would agree, Jonas, right?
Oh, yeah. Especially with the new change in the direction of things, as well.
Like new generation of systems and the higher demand of new games coming out.
I'll bust out the Homestuck cosplay again.
All right.
I'm one of them.
No, it's cool.
Actually, speaking on the Homestuck topic of things.
Surprisingly, I know people are sometimes concerned, like convention people can criticize Homestuck,
but for us game rooms, we're actually 100% welcoming the Homestuck crew
because a lot of them actually play our games, especially the Just Dance section.
This is as long as they don't get Ben Nye all over the controllers.
We'll make sure of that.
Emperor of Husky is in chat right now saying,
I hope to see Dark Sakura at SacAnime.
Oh, is it Wendell?
I love you, Wendell.
You're in demand.
I want to go.
All right, if my costume still fits me, I'll wear it.
All right.
My costume is actually just a slight bit too big for me,
and I hope to have a little bit less by the time.
There you go.
Take it in.
Easier to take it in than let it out.
I can't sew for shit.
I hear that.
Awesome.
I would say I'm almost sad that I'm going to Dragon Con, but to be honest, I'm really not.
I'm fucking excited for Dragon Con, but I'm sad that they have to be the same weekend.
That's a pain in the butt.
Diego, now it's tradition here at OLR.
We always ask everybody to give their final thought, like Jerry Springer style.
Do you have a final thought, a final note for our listeners tonight?
Final thought?
Do you have another song parody you'd like to build out for us?
I don't know. Whenever I hear a song itself, I usually try to change the lyrics around the spot.
Fair enough.
Final thought is listen when your name's called out when I'm running a tournament.
That's right.
Pay attention. Be smart.
I don't know. Just try not to be like the typical con goer, but that's not going to change.
Your final thought is when I talk, you listen.
I hope so.
When anyone does so.
It feels bad.
Like we list up so many people and about a fourth of those people just drop out because they don't show up or something.
I'm like, well, oh, well, let's just go on to the next bracket.
Let's go on to the next pairing.
It's OK. It's just that's not going to stop us.
And we can satisfy the majority.
We did our job.
That's the whole thing.
All right. Thanks again for being here, buddy.
Well, you're welcome back any time.
Jonas, it's so good to see you again after years and years and years and years, far too long.
Thank you for gracing us with your presence tonight.
Best of luck teabagging at SacAnime.
Oh, definitely.
Your teabag orgy and all that stuff.
I love that. I love that.
I hope to see you guys at a future con.
And yeah, come back any time.
Oh, definitely.
Now you know where we're at.
Yeah, that's actually one of my final thoughts.
We could probably bring some of our other crew members here.
Right now, it's just me and Diego right now.
And we wanted to give this a big test after like seven years of not being in the show.
So I was like, OK.
All right.
And we thought, OK, this would be a great opportunity to network and stuff.
All right. Sounds good.
Next time, though, we've got to hook up some games to the TV and get playing during the show.
So I'll let you guys choose what to bring.
Oh, cool. Awesome.
All right.
Thank you again for being here.
A final thought from you, sir.
That was actually my final thought was like to be continued, like, OK,
we're going to have new people in the show to actually speak their mind of things.
As you can see, you saw how Diego I was talking to.
He had a couple of laughs.
Where every gamer has a voice.
Oh, yeah.
Bring me more gamers.
Lend me their voices.
And of course, minus that part, that's actually two little things to discuss.
Make sure you guys have the hygiene, of course.
Make sure shower.
I don't want to see another brown stain.
And if I may add, it's not just acts bathe.
Yes, please.
And of course, of course, with my Facebook message being blown up over this whole San Diego Comic Con,
with the sexual harassment incident with the cosplayer.
Everybody, please get concrete information.
Don't go spreading the wrong information because it all caused more confusion.
And don't listen to the girl's mom.
I think that goes for anything.
Like, don't fucking spread rumors.
Stop it.
Yeah, pretty much.
I will tell you this.
There's a reason I reposted things is because when they were still looking for apparently the person.
Sure.
When you spread the information like that, there is a chance that in the legitimate cases, people will have witnesses.
It's spreading awareness.
However, when the final word came out, there were still people going,
Oh, I bet that's not true.
I bet that's not true.
And no, it was true.
So I still, my personal thought on this, I still don't really believe the whole story yet because we don't have the whole story.
I just, I know the authorities were looking for a certain person so they could ask some questions.
They could do their job.
I hope they are able to do their job and figure out a very ugly situation.
Anyhow, thanks again guys for being here.
Really appreciate it.
Loki, since you're over there, we'll see you next week.
Do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
Um, no.
I don't know.
I'm very jealous that Vanguard V has a pretty awesome title theme.
Wish I could find one of those for free.
That's why it's awesome it's not free.
Anyway, my...
They're never going to hit their Kickstarter goal, by the way.
There's no way they're going to make a hundred and...
That's too bad.
Yeah, it's not going to happen.
I'm sad.
As always, I just want to say, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lunch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lunch Radio.
Because, you know, we don't have big magazines or huge million dollar websites backing us.
We never have for the past twelve years.
So tell a friend or fifty about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
And that's all we ask.
My final thought tonight otherwise is...
I'm craving some more of that apple soda.
That was really good.
Apple soda, who would have thought?
The El Forastero.
Yeah, right, right.
Just tell everybody where I live, Dark Sakura.
Alright, just kidding.
There are five of them in freakin' town, Rob.
Fair enough, fair enough.
And they're almost indistinguishable from at Alberto's, Carolina's, and all of the other places that are technically all...
were part of the same chain and then split apart.
I was going to say, probably all owned by the same person.
No, no, it's actually true.
They all started off as at Alberto's and then started splitting off.
Wow.
Yep.
Jeez.
Shut up, really?
That's what happened?
Alberto was married to somebody that...
Give Diego a mic, give Diego a mic.
There's a Beto's by my house, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
Alberto was married to some chick and then they divorced and such.
And then she made something called Beto's, which is off the corner of El Camino and Howe.
And then it's still on El Camino.
There's one in Citrus Heights now.
Beto's?
Yeah.
That's her branch.
So she took that little thing, except changed the name.
They sell the same things.
There's some telenovela shit going on with all these different taquerias.
There's some going on.
Alright.
Wow.
Alright.
There you go.
Last but not least, Dark Sakura, your final thought for our listeners tonight.
Bravely defart.
That'll do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks again for listening, everybody.
Be nice to each other.
Bathe, please.
And we'll see you next week.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
