Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Chills abound as the PT demo brought scares to those of the PS4 and to your favorite streaming sites to those without.
And that was only a single reveal in another busy week of news following an overseas gaming convention.
We have the full report as well as your calls, tweets, and emails on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live on this August the 17th of 2014 with the 564th episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts joining you here at the Voice of the Geek's Network, vognetwork.com
where we do tape our show live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
If you are listening live, join us and chat. Live.vognetwork.com
But meanwhile, we have our other hosts here in studio and it would be pretty boring if we didn't have an eclectic amount of voices here in studio.
And we've got quite the panel tonight you guys, starting off with the one and only, the happiest bunny on the farm as I used to say years and years ago.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
I'm a little shrieky today.
Yes, you're the scariest bunny on the farm today, or the most scared I guess.
Surprised, surprised. I was surprised.
Having my flesh eaten was surprising.
So obviously you're talking about the PT demo, which we're going to talk about a little more in depth in just a moment here.
But I have to introduce as well, Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Good deal. What did you bring to eat tonight? I heard you complaining as you walked in that you didn't get what you wanted.
No, I wanted to go to gym boys, but the family didn't leave in time and they left.
I normally would have left earlier, so I'd be able to get over there early enough.
But they ended up leaving five minutes before I normally leave.
And I had a list of chores I had to do before I left.
You're how old and you have chores?
Clean your room!
Well, I had to make a lunch for my son for school and then I had to bring in the laundry.
And then, oh by the way, the car's out of gas.
So I ended up stopping at Jack in the Box because it's attached to the gas station.
But I wanted to get gym boys. That's where I was going to go.
I'm sorry.
I was going to bring you tacos.
I'm sorry you were robbed of tacos.
For what it's worth, I had tacos on Friday because my friend Monet, she loves tacos, so we went over there and had tacos.
And then she was performing in the Showgirls live.
Yes, the hideous movie from the 90s that's so bad it's good.
They were doing a midnight screening and she was part one of the dancers.
Nasty fuck music.
It was so funny though. I loved it. It was great.
Had a great time at the Trash Filmorgy as they call it in downtown Sacramento.
Sounds dirty, doesn't it? But we had a good time.
Is that like the Spike and Mike thing that they used to do?
No, well, I mean Spike and Mike's another thing they do there.
It's probably a very similar crowd, but Spike and Mike I think travels around.
Spike and Mike, I haven't been to that in a long time, but I don't know if they do it anymore.
I went a few years in a row and it's like, wow, this is almost the same shit that was here last year.
Yeah, I haven't heard it advertised in a while. I don't know if it's still a thing.
Maybe somebody in chat knows. I don't know.
But we have more people in studio here to say hello to.
And I want to introduce this guy first because he's what you'd call a fan favorite.
He isn't on the show all the time, but when he's here it's always a lovely surprise.
Say hello everybody to Jamie's husband. Dan is here tonight.
Sup?
Hey Dan, how you doing?
Good.
Yeah. What's new? Gosh, you haven't been on the show in a while.
You haven't been here since we moved to this place. I know that for sure.
Kind of was.
Did you? Well, yeah, you poked your head in for two seconds one episode.
But were you ever at the old apartment that we had?
Yes.
One time?
Couple times.
He was on the floor.
It was lame. It scared me out of being on the show.
I know, right? But here isn't this much nicer? Sort of?
Yeah.
It's all right. It's all right. How you been?
Good.
Yeah? What games you been playing lately?
A lot of great Autosport. I played that Kingdom Hearts high def remake.
And that game is still bad.
Wait, wait, wait. You don't like Kingdom Hearts?
The camera is still bad.
No, I don't like Kingdom Hearts.
You know, that could get you beat up in some circles.
Oh, I'm so worried.
I liked Kingdom Hearts 2, what I played of it.
That game was a lot more fun. It was basically a lot more streamlined.
I was hoping with this remake they had cleaned it up a little bit.
And they did. It looks like a really good PS2 game.
And the thing about Kingdom Hearts 2? Tron.
Yeah.
Are you going to be picking up the HD remix in December, I think it is?
Yeah, we already ordered it.
Gotcha.
So, are you going to give in to Jamie's demands for a PlayStation 4?
Or what's happening on that front?
PlayStation 4 is doable. Wii U is still kind of like, eh.
Yeah, what's up with Wii U? What's your love-hate relationship with Wii U like?
It's a Nintendo system. There's about six games on it that look pretty decent.
And it's like 300 bucks, which I think is too much for it.
But, you know, a lot of people love it. It's got a couple cool things going on.
What is the retro remix? The NES remix?
The NES remix, yeah.
That pretty much tries to sell me one.
Just, eh, there's just not much consoling me.
You know, I'm not like, oh my god, the new systems look so great.
Now that I don't work at game stores, I don't feel compelled to go out there and be like,
okay, here's my $500 for this, and here's my $400 for that, and here's my $400 for this.
Let's be real, Danny. You used to get some of that shit for free.
I never got consoles for free.
Oh, really?
No, it's the motherfuckers who work at those stores now get them for free.
Oh.
I quit, and then like a year later, like, here's a PlayStation 4 and an Xbox 3 server.
Xbox, whatever the fuck it is now, won, and ten games for each! Yay!
And I was just like, I had to win my Xbox 360, which I did.
By fucking some guys up in video game trivia.
Awesome.
It was unholy.
Awesome.
Going to our chat room over at live.vodnetwork.com.
We have many regulars in chat who remember Dan, who are saying hello.
Lots of greetings there.
We have Bobby Blackwolf who says, Dan, coffee.
Coffee. Dan, coffee.
Yeah, Rob, where's my coffee?
What's the, what's, go make it yourself.
What's the-
Get in the kitchen, wench.
What's the most annoying food request that Dark Sakura has?
Coffee.
Coffee, alright.
Now, believe it or not, Dan, I know you've been-
I don't believe it.
I know you've been following this show on and off for the 12 years we've been doing it, because, well, you kind of have to.
No.
But we actually have new listeners.
You know, we get a few new ones every week, so some people don't know who you are.
Up to 15 steady listeners.
That's right.
Orange Lounge Radio.
One a year.
Love it or not.
We started with three.
On the air for a dozen years with dozens and dozens of fans.
Hundreds and hundreds of people who have listened at one time or the other.
Yeah.
So, Dan, what would you say, what kind of gamer are you?
What are your favorite video games?
What do you like to play the most?
At this point in my life, I'm definitely a retro gamer.
I don't really play a lot of new stuff.
When I do play a lot of new stuff, it's mostly racing.
You know, I've got Grid Autosport.
I've got a set of Corsa.
I'll probably get Project Cars.
Yeah, I was going to say, what do you think about Project Cars?
Looks great.
Has a lot of possibility.
I won't be getting it on a console, because new steering wheels are like $400 apiece.
I've already got a $600 steering wheel.
That should work on PlayStation 4 if I go that way.
But since I have a triple screen set up for my PC, fuck the PS4.
Well, looking in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com,
SSG100Matt says, Dan will get the system with the best racing games.
I was going to allude to Xbox One for Forza Horizon 2.
Well, Horizon sucks.
I love Horizon.
Okay, Horizon's fine.
If you're into the more sort of like Project Othomy, Casual Racer.
I can't play the real shit.
Oh no, I'm with you.
I don't play the sim games as sims.
You know, when I play Gran Turismo, I kind of dummy it down.
But it's the amount of content.
It's the, you know, 10 different racing disciplines and 12,000 cars and 600 tracks,
and you can race through your neighborhood.
Horizon is a cool game, it's just not as good as Forza.
I love Forza 5 in theory.
It looks great.
I just don't own an Xbox One.
And if it turned out that, oh yeah, you can use your T500RS on the Xbox One,
they might have suckered me in.
But no.
Now, here's the thing, Dan, and I don't know if this would change your mind on the Wii U,
but I know for me this is the thing I just, I don't know what has to be sacrificed to the devil to make this happen,
but F-Zero Wii U, yes or no?
I wouldn't buy a system for it.
Really?
If I was going to buy a system for a Nintendo racing title, I probably would have bought it for Mario Kart.
And if I had more of a steady local multiplayer community, I might have anyway.
Eh, it's Mario Kart.
I played it. I liked it.
It was fun.
It has a lot of personality.
It's Mario Kart.
It's good.
You can't go wrong.
I'll play it on my GameCube or my Wii or my SNES or my Game Boy Brands or my DS.
By the time the Wii U version of F-Zero ever comes out, you'd probably pick up one of those GX cabinets,
or I'm sorry, the AX cabinets for a decent cost.
I don't know about that.
No.
They didn't make a lot of those.
All six of them.
Yeah.
Alright, let's see.
Tiger Claw says, Dan has a $600 racing wheel.
Has he tried playing those driving sims on the PC with it, like Euro Truck Simulator?
I have.
Have you?
I picked up Euro Truck Simulator on a Humble Bundle, and it's insanely bad.
And actually, the Euro Truck Simulator 2, which is a vast improvement, was also on a Humble Bundle recently,
and I didn't get it.
But I should have, because the problem was, it was the bonus game.
So it's like, donate this much or more.
And I'm like, fuck charity.
They have, what is it, spinning tires is supposed to be pretty good too,
like if you're really into hill climbing and stuff like that, it's supposed to be really realistic.
Dan, I can't believe you'd say that about charity.
I had this bucket of ice water ready to go for you.
Woo.
Alright.
Dan will be commenting throughout the night, of course, as he tends to do, on whatever is going on in the news.
But I also want to say hello to a familiar face here.
I'm sure many of you guys have heard this guy pop in week after week.
Say hello, everybody, to Shane.
Hello.
Hi, Shane, how are you?
I'm fine.
You don't want me to finish your intro, huh?
Nope.
Alright, what's new with you?
How have you been in the past couple weeks?
I just got a shiny, like, 30 minutes ago in Pokemon, so I'm pretty pumped up.
Pokemon's still not old for you.
It never will be.
Why not?
Because it's Pokemon.
It's like, are you going to get tired of breathing air?
He hasn't caught them all.
No, I have, actually.
I do have them all.
I don't have them all shiny.
He hasn't caught them all shiny.
I do not have them all shiny.
Is that your mission?
No.
I only want the ones I like shiny, and then every other shiny I get's just, I guess a
bonus unless it's a crappy one, then it's, like, not as good a bonus.
Trading fodder?
No, I'll still keep it, because it's shiny.
Um, are you looking forward to the new, I don't know, the new old Pokemon games that
are coming out?
I wasn't, and then they started releasing more stuff, like new mega evolutions or whatever,
and it got me excited.
So yes, I'm already, like, I'm ready to go with a Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire.
In our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, act-dev says, Shane, if you find a shiny Hawlucha,
let me know.
Did I say that right?
Yes, you did, and I'm actually in that area right now looking for a different shiny, so
I'll let you know, and then I will keep it.
You'll just rub it in.
You'll be like, I got one.
Well, not to rub it in, but, like, if I got two shinies, then yeah, I could trade one.
I just got a shiny Bunnelby, which is adorable, and doesn't look like he's been playing in
poop.
And SSG100ManChat says, every other shiny Shane doesn't want becomes a coat.
How many Osh-Watts have you bred trying to get a shiny one?
I am nearing 1,000.
Oh my gosh.
So you've made Osh-Watt coats for all the poor kids in the neighborhood?
Well, the rich kids first, and then the ones that aren't quite as well made go to the poor
kids.
All right, fair enough.
I think all the kids in Pokemon are in the same income bracket.
They can all afford just to wander the countryside waiting to fight each other.
All right, now Shane is here in studio because I know he's dying to, because he's not going
to stay for the whole show.
No, no.
But I know he's dying to talk about our kickoff topic tonight, and the kickoff topic I want
to talk about tonight before we get into our gaming weeks is a interactive demo that was
released a little bit stealthily on the PlayStation 4 marketplace this week, but as people figured
out what it really was, this game gained more and more steam, and I'm talking about
a lot, a lot, a lot of steam.
And I don't know about you guys, but I have friends, especially the extended OLR family,
people like Shane, maybe not the host directly on this show, but people like Shane, people
like Extrovert over on Hoard House, people like our number one fan Flaco Jones, all those
folks have been obsessed with PT.
Would that be a fair statement, Shane?
You're obsessed with PT.
I was texting about PT, but yes.
Who were you texting just now about PT?
Christopher.
So, okay, so PT, and this is a slight spoiler, but honestly, if you guys have followed video
game news, I don't see how you guys have avoided this news at this point, but I apologize if
I'm ruining anything for you.
PT is a interactive demo for the new Silent Hill game in disguise.
What?
I know, right?
You didn't just see the trailer 30 minutes ago in the other room.
I read about it online.
They're calling Silent Hills, which is being presented by Hideo Kojima, Guillermo del Toro,
and Norman Reedus, who a lot of people know from The Walking Dead, he's going to be the
face model of the guy who Dan said should be just playing Solid Snake.
When they show him in the game and he kind of turns his head, I was like, you know, he
could play a live action Solid Snake fairly convincingly.
What if it was Solid Snake that turned his head at the very end?
That would be terrible.
Silent Hill.
Silent Hill, the S stands for snake.
You never know.
Okay.
So Shane, what is it about that?
Because seriously, I'm seeing on Twitter people like Xtavor and other people, I think Captain
Spike from Gamebooyah.org has been talking favorably about this too, and some other people
I follow on Twitter, some are calling it the game of the year, which is a weird thing to
see because it's like a free demo.
But on the other hand, I also kind of get it.
I'm in that camp.
Right now it's my game of the year.
It has surpassed the entirety of Infamous Second Son and is now right now my game of
the year.
So why?
Because I think just the way they, it's everything about the way they introduced it, the feelings
it evoked while I was playing it.
I was legitimately scared the first time I was playing it.
And even when we were just playing it 30 minutes ago, I was still like kind of on my, on the
edge of my seat, even though I knew what was coming, except some things that happened were
not things I realized that were going to happen.
There was a surprise.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We had some surprises.
And that's the thing.
Nobody has figured out the pattern to the game.
I personally haven't even beaten it yet.
So like, you can't, you have to do a series of events at the end too.
I don't want to get too much into the weeds on that for people who haven't experienced
yet, but you have to get a certain, there are triggers, let's say on fifth dream already
spoiled it for everyone in the chat room, fifth dream, spank, spank, spank, spank.
It's online.
Yeah.
He's not accurate.
If you really want to know it's out there.
Well, so that's the thing.
Yeah.
Nobody's definitively solved it.
Even though we might've had that posted.
There are, there are three things in on the very last part of the game that have to happen.
The first one, everybody knows how to get that to happen.
That's easy.
We, we, we've all figured that out.
It's 100% confirmed proven.
The second one, no clue.
The second one can lead into the third one.
If it does, then we know how to beat it, but you have to get that second thing to happen.
And if you can't get it to happen the right way, then you're just stuck.
I still have no idea how I remotely did it.
So yeah.
Uh, dark soccer, you experienced this demo for the first time just earlier this evening.
And you are the first person in this household to beat it.
So which we don't know by accident.
She stood on Shane's shoulders, Shane did all the first parts of it.
Shane beat the demo.
Jamie was holding the controller and then he's like, I don't want to play this part
anymore here.
I'm like, okay.
So what did you think?
I think that I'm going to punch eyeless bitch in the face next time.
You know what's interesting about it?
It doesn't prompt you at all.
It doesn't tell you how to do anything.
It doesn't say press X to do this.
It doesn't say press up or down.
It kind of says press X to do this at one point.
I don't know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It lets you dive in and wander around and discover things in a finite world.
Finding the picture piece scared me the first time.
That was the first thing that scared me.
That scared the piss out of her.
She peed a little bit.
Are you in my pants right now?
And if so, why?
Well since I'm not wearing any, I'll leave you two to be a little later.
I'm not wearing pants, Rob.
Yeah, I can see that.
No pants.
I'm wearing a skirt.
I know.
Okay.
So this demo comes out and after about six hours, even less, people have figured out
what it is.
And Shane texts me, calls me and is like, Rob, you have to do live stream.
Rob, you have to do live stream.
Rob, what are you going to live stream?
Rob, what time are you coming out?
Cause you're going to freak out.
So everybody wants to see that.
So sure enough, I go on Twitch and I do a live stream and yes, there were parts of the
demo that scared the crap out of me, but then we weren't able to beat it.
Like we could, and I was on a timer cause we had a whorehouse, huh?
We didn't beat it.
No.
Oh, you said we weren't able.
We weren't able to beat it.
There's also seeing her in the bathroom and I actually was going to laugh.
I wanted to laugh my ass off when the baby started talking.
Yeah, that's a pretty funny part.
Let's see.
We're going to live.vognetwork.com.
Lots of comments on this in our chat room.
Act Def says Guillermo del Toro participating in this project has me sold on it.
You know, very interesting how much hype this, I mean, this is getting a lot of hype.
I have not seen this much hype for a demo in a long time.
It took over all the news at Gamescom.
Once this came out, nobody cared anymore about Gamescom, I think.
Well behold that thought cause we will cover the Gamescom news later.
Well, I'm not going to be here first.
I'll talk about it if I want.
I'll be at Taco Bell.
But well, but here's the thing.
It's interesting too, because you have Hideo Kojima, Guillermo del Toro, Norman Reedus,
which you know, that, that excites a lot of people.
And something I need to sacrifice to get a Kiriyamaoka back.
And that's, that's the thing.
It's making people kind of forget that who's not involved.
No it's not.
Where do you see that?
I see people just praying to everything they can pray to that he's going to show up.
And if he doesn't, whoever did the sound for the demo, I have to give a lot of credit to
because it sounded like a Silent Hill game that was not downpour.
But I see, it seems like the excitement for this is, is higher than any game in the Silent
Hill series is like four.
So it's like the first game probably where Yamoka is not involved, that people are excited
for.
Yeah, I can agree.
Yeah.
We're still sacrificing things to get him to show up somehow.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says, I'd be surprised if the game of the year goes to a horror game.
When was the last time that happened?
The Walking Dead?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
The Walking, I don't know if you'd count that horror though.
Some would say this is more adventure.
And it's The Last of Us.
Oh, The Last of Us?
Kind of a horror game?
Oh, you probably heard it.
That's right.
Um, I was going to say, we don't need the full game to get game of the year.
This demo is going to get game of the year.
So I'm just glad that Konami has something that they're actually releasing other than
Metal Gear Solid because it seriously, they have that in Pro Evo, I'm like, man, they're
going to go out of business if they don't have any good, you know, I mean, yeah, Metal
Gear is going to do well for them, but it was literally the only thing on their slate.
It's like, okay, Metal Gear and Pro Evo happened to Konami.
They're all, um, I know they do a lot of workout equipment and gym stuff and gambling stuff
in Japan.
If they release, you know, this, if they release Metal Gear in the first part of the year and
you know, this at the end, I mean, that's a pretty good year for Konami.
So, um, SGA 100 Matt says it's probably the most brilliant way to promote or announce
a game.
Fifth Dream says it's not even a game.
It's a demo at best, but it's effing scary in a way that impresses me.
So, uh, Tiger Claw says maybe demo of the year if there is such a category.
Um, Bobby Black Wolf reemphasizing Konami does a lot of business in the gambling sector.
They're doing fine.
Um, let's see.
Oh, how is it not a game?
I want to know that.
What makes it not a game?
I don't know if I agree with that comment, but everybody gets a voice.
So I wanted to say, say that the wrong, well, maybe we'll get more thoughts on that.
It's a game.
It's a very short game.
And I would also say, yeah, it's a short game, but as they pointed out at the end, it has
nothing to do with the main title.
So this whole story that's going on is self-contained.
And I mean, there's resolution enough as much as you've ever took that hallway and made
it a hundred levels long.
So would that be a game?
Yeah.
If it's something different happening every time.
How many of, how many of us have played the red room?
I mean, don't shit your pants as a game and that's just one screen, maybe two.
You played, what was it?
The, what was it?
The Crimson room.
Wasn't that what it was?
It's just a little flash game where you're stuck in a room.
Well, it could have been, you know, a follow up to, you know, silent Hill four of the room.
I mean, it's kind of a room, few rooms in a hallway.
This is silent Hill, the hallway, um, silent Hill five.
Just a couple other comments I want to get out here.
Kaijuto in chat says, uh, I haven't seen this much hype for a demo since destiny.
Maybe sort of a hinting there that maybe it hasn't been that long since we've had a huge
look at ground zeros.
That was a pretty well.
And then I thought this was a nice kind of comment here to end on here.
Act F says, you know, ground zeros should have been what PT was.
Very interesting comment.
Could they have released PT as a commercial game the way they did ground zeros or
if it was that short, no, I would have felt quite ripped off or would rage.
They would rage.
Maybe if it was like a dollar.
Yeah.
Or if like, what's the minimum price, five, $10 these days, maybe add a little more to
it, but for free, it's a great value for sure.
Can't you beat ground zeros, uh, in just a few minutes, I think they said, can you, I
don't know.
I thought it was a couple hours.
Well, and then I was going to say the first day that PT was out and me and Flacco Jones
and his wife were playing it, we played it for five hours trying to beat it.
And we had, I mean, that was when we didn't look at any spoilers or anything.
So we were going through it.
So we spent five hours on a game.
We didn't our demo, whatever you want to call it that we didn't beat.
And I know ground zeros like does not take that long.
So why should that be 30 and then PT only be a dollar when we had more, more time spent
on it.
Interesting.
Well, I think the fact that they sold ground zeros anyways is just kind of lame.
The fact that it was 30 bucks was also very lame.
So I'm kind of glad they didn't go that route.
Yeah.
I'm I, I kind of wonder if maybe Konami should just release ground zeros for free and if
that would have gotten as much hype as PT had, I don't know.
Yeah.
So Konami must have been awesome.
Konami must be a screwed around with some different ideas there.
But anyway, I do want to move into how was your gaming week, but just quickly, some kind
of final thoughts on a PT Loki, you haven't really played it yet, huh?
I just watched the video.
What'd you think of the whole thing and kind of how it was done there?
I don't know.
All I saw in the video was just the end.
So it looks neat.
I am, I gotta say for me personally, I'm really excited for the next silent Hill game and
I kind of, I've loved the silent Hill series, but I've always just kind of been, Oh yeah,
that game.
Oh yeah.
And I haven't kind of been detached from it for the past few games.
So this is a really good way to like attention.
Get back over here.
You're a fan of silent Hill.
I'm curious to see what the trailers are going to be like, because you know, Kojima, he likes
doing his like vignettes for the fucking trailers.
Yeah.
I'm hoping this will be a big E3 presence next year, but who knows?
Dan, quick thoughts on the final thoughts on that.
It was awesome.
You know, I'd only read about it.
So today was the first time I saw it.
Really, really.
I mean, I could see that being a whole game.
You know, where you walk around an area, you have to do different things.
I mean, there was a lot of, there are a lot of things you could look at that demo.
There were a lot of touches that you're not going to catch your first, your second, your
10th time through.
Um, and like I was saying, if that thing was, if that hallway had a hundred repetitions,
but you managed to work enough different content into it, I think it'd be awesome.
I don't have as much confidence that the next silent Hill game will be like that.
Uh, cause that would be a radical departure, but I think that the PT was, it was pretty
good.
What was interesting is that even though, yes, it would be a radical departure, you
know, a lot of people have been noticing that it probably that demos in particular
has more in common with silent Hill, the room than anything else, which is weird because
the room was sort of that disconnected silent Hill game.
But you know, like I really, I still really like disconnected game that God slapped into
it.
Yeah, it was.
I'm just worried.
This is going to try.
They're trying to pull like a Bioshock infinite with this where it's just like, Oh, it's infinite
universes and then we're going to tie them all together.
It's like, okay, I don't know.
Uh, Jamie, last thoughts on the teaser.
Uh, it just, it made me shriek.
So not like loudly, not like, you know, yeah, it wasn't enough where I could hear it over
here.
I didn't see it.
It was loud.
It was just high pitched.
I know even though bringing him back is going to be very like kind of cliche and doesn't
really fit in the story.
I do fully anticipate and hope that they bring back a full HD pyramid head for, uh,
some people like Shane's over there going, no, no, no, I don't want that.
So people really don't want that.
It'd just be out of character with what they just showed.
Like a realistic, they've already said that they want this game to be truly horrifying.
Uh, even to the point where the product is not commercially viable, this would be a really
cool sort of thing.
Now, if they do what I think they're going to do, I will have pyramid head and zombie
nurses and I think it's going to have all this stuff from like all the other games kind
of thrown in there.
Maybe like it's going to cross universes and so you can get stuff from silent Hill two
and with Kojima at the home now, I'm not so sure he might want to just, he might be eager
to put his own nurses will have time.
All right.
And last but not least, uh, Shane, the big, the big fan boy in the room for this, uh,
what are your thoughts closing out here?
I think it's amazing.
And right now I'm saying Dragon Age Inquisition is either going to tie it or probably not
beat it for my game of the year.
That's silly.
Demo is my game of the year.
All right.
Well, but of course you never know what else might stealthily release between now and the
end of the year.
No, it's going to be Dragon Age or this.
All right.
Well, we'll check in with you at the end of the year.
All right.
Okay.
Whatever.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, we're going to move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video
games that we've been playing this week.
Uh, Dark Sakura, ladies first.
What have you been playing this week besides PTU?
We've all been playing that.
Other stuff.
Bejeweled.
A lot of Bejeweled on my phone.
I've been playing some, uh, Best Move, AKA Puzzle Bobble.
I played some Battle Fantasy 14.
Um, Dan, why are you looking like that?
Um, we were, I was, uh, strategy guiding Dan through Kingdom Hearts 1.5 remix.
Uh, and, uh, really that's about it.
I've had a lot going on, so stuff that still seems like a pretty action packed week.
I saw you on Twitter posting pictures of Kingdom, Kingdom Hearts, playthroughs on, if you saw
that I responded.
Not yet.
I keep forgetting.
I'm trying to make Twitter more of a thing and Facebook less of a thing because, uh,
fuck.
So.
I hear you.
I hear you.
Uh, let's go to our guests, Dan.
How was your gaming week?
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Uh, what did I do?
I played some, uh, I played some Grid today.
Had a lot of fun.
Basically, Friday night, I don't even know what happened.
I got home on, or was it Saturday?
When did you go to that game?
It was Friday when we went to go see Showgirls.
Okay.
She was going to be out and I was like, man, I want to do some retro gaming.
So I drug out the Genesis and I played a game each of the Revenge of Shinobi, Shadow Dancer,
and Shinobi 3.
And I know that my skills are quite diminished because I got to the second to last level,
the second to last level, and the last level.
One game, just not even like no continues, no spamming extra lives.
Well, I did spam extra lives a little bit in Revenge of Shinobi, but, uh, I played some
Zelda on Saturday.
We played pretty much the first six Labyrinths, uh, in just a quick run through because we
were showing it to my friends' kids.
And today I played some Grid.
Besides that, not a lot of gaming.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I really only played a couple games and it was actually funny, but not both of them
were kind of Kickstarter related, I guess.
I played more of Vanguard V, um, and I still like that demo, sadly, that there is no way
that Kickstarter is going to make its money.
Um, and then I played kind of along the lines with Vanguard V, um, the guy Maximilien Moreau
who's actually doing, he does the Cooking with Unity show.
They've been running this kind of, uh, series for, I think the last week or two called From
Scratch to Publish.
And they actually start from scratch and they made a game that's pretty simple and they
publish it on pretty much every platform that they could.
Um, you know, iOS, uh, Windows, Windows Phone, uh, Android, and, um, even PlayStation Mobile.
And so I downloaded the Android version, um, for 99 cents.
And so I've been playing their game, uh, Grid Cruiser, which actually it's kind of, um,
inspiring because, uh, one, I do get done with my long project.
I do kind of want to do something along the lines of that, where it's a lot of short projects
that you can get done in like a week or two just to have some stuff to bring in some revenue.
So, um, but yeah, it definitely goes support Vanguard V. I mean, although it's probably
too late at this point, but hopefully they will decide to relaunch the Kickstarter.
I have some other way to do funding later on.
All right.
Uh, before we get into my gaming week, I'm actually going to do something here real quick.
Uh, we're actually going to, we're having a lot of problems live, uh, for our live listeners
over a live.vognetware.com.
Our internet keeps going up and down.
I'm not sure what's up with that, but I think what we're going to do, or I'm going to do
an intentional drop here and we're going to cycle our internet in an attempt to try and
keep it up here, uh, for the remainder of the show.
So I apologize guys.
Thanks for sticking with us live for sure.
Um, these things happen.
Unfortunately, I don't know what's causing our internet to suck tonight.
It's been pretty good the past couple of months, but, uh, I am going to do an intentional drop
here.
Um, but we will be back in just a couple minutes.
I appreciate those.
You guys that are sticking with us, uh, here at vognetware.com.
We'll be right back to register participation for this week's episode of orange on radio
at vognetware.com.
Use the passphrase party.
Okay.
Let's try this again.
The internet cooperates with us.
Uh, of course those listening on the podcast are like, what's going on?
Everything's fine to me.
Uh, but yeah, we're having some, fortunately some, uh, difficulties sending our signal
out to the server that rebroadcast everything live.
So we just did a little power cycle here in studio on the router and all that good stuff
to hopefully give us some decent uptime tonight.
But, uh, you know, uh, despite all the live problems that sometimes occur, although it's
been pretty good the past couple of weeks, uh, or months, even, um, we, uh, do always
have the show complete and we do try to tape things for our podcast feed, which of course
you can check out orange lunch radio.com available in the iTunes store, stitcher radio, all that
good stuff.
All right.
When we left off, I was about ready to get into my gaming week, which, um, I don't have
a whole lot of exciting stuff to report because we talked about PT, which was the big bulk
of it, but I have also been playing Final Fantasy 14 here and there, which, uh, you
know, you know, you know, I love my MMO, so I'm playing that, um, another MMO I've been
playing an awful lot of, which I think I talked about last week, but, uh, never winner was
one I've been spending time with.
I don't, I think I got into it on a whorehouse, but not OLR.
So, um, I've been playing a free to play MMO called never winner that's available out there.
And, um, I like what I've been experiencing so far.
Um, even though it is free to play, I haven't really felt nickeled and dime now, granted
I'm only about what, 10 levels into it.
So I haven't really experienced the whole thing, but, uh, I like it because it's kind
of like that, you know, like a Warcraft MMO type of feel, but, um, you have, it's a little
more actiony, like, because you, you dodge things by double tapping and so you, you move
around a little faster.
So everything feels a little more fast paced, uh, like almost like, uh, the combat feels
almost more like Diablo esque in a way, but yet in that kind of wow environment.
So, uh, yeah, I like that.
And of course, since it's never winter, you have a lot of like user generated things to
explore and I've barely scratched the surface on any of that stuff.
But if you like D and D and you like free MMOs, you'll probably get a kick out of never
winter.
And dungeon Buster and chat says, just wait until you get to the late levels.
Yeah.
I figured in a free to play MMO type of thing, that's probably where you really start to
feel it as towards the end game, but for what it is right now, I'm enjoying it as a nice
little diversion because honestly, I like MMOs.
I'm not really feeling wow these days, sorry, Warcraft fans, but the drought that has been
going on in the game just finally broke me.
And I'm just not interested in wow or the entire game.
I'm not interested in the new expansion.
You know, there was a lot of news about the new expansion and wow this, this week, and
I got to admit, I'm not really, I'm not buying it.
Like I know that sounds harsh.
I have a lot of great, a lot of friends that really love world of Warcraft and have stood
by it, but I don't know, maybe the people will ultimately bring me back.
If I do come back to an MMO, it's usually the people is why, but the game itself, I
don't know.
I'm just kind of, kind of spent on it.
Um, so, but it gives me time to play other MMOs and see what else is out there.
So that part of it I like, otherwise I'm just waiting till the big holiday rush and a lot
of the games to come out there.
Speaking of Diablo, I got Diablo three on pre-order for Tuesday, the ultimate evil edition.
So I'm excited for that on PlayStation four.
So I will be excited to check that out.
Um, all right, so that's it for our gaming weeks.
Uh, moving into some housekeeping before we get into some gaming news.
Um, housekeeping, we will not have a live show Labor Day weekend.
That's two weeks away.
That is because I will not be here.
I will be in Atlanta at Dragon Con, which is a huge, huge con, uh, for Southeastern
US and, uh, and beyond.
Honestly, I mean, I'm going out there for it.
Uh, voice geeks network is pretty heavily involved.
Uh, we're going to be participating.
Uh, we have a panel Monday as a part of the podcasting track, uh, 1130 in the morning.
So be sure if you are a dragon Han, I know I said am, and some of you guys might be a
little hung over, but that is the day you leaving.
So hopefully, uh, hopefully you're able to make it to our panel 1130 in the morning that
day, um, will also be appearing on other panels throughout the show.
Uh, I know Bobby and I are participating on another one.
Uh, our pal Brian over at British invaders has a few things he's on.
I want to say John from critical myth might be on a panel or two on some of the different
tracks.
Uh, but just keep, keep an eye out for that.
Uh, uh, all throughout dragon con, we will be there.
Um, but I know it's a big convention weekend in general and just in general, a weekend,
especially in the US where people kind of go out of town, do other things.
So we will not be having a show that week.
Um, but, uh, we will be here next week.
And then of course, we'll be back on September 7th, I believe the day is.
Uh, you can also follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R for all the updates,
facebook.com slash orange lingerie.
If you want to be our friend on Facebook, let's get into some gaming news.
There was quite a bit of it when there's a speaking of big expos, Europe had a huge one
gaming related this game's calm and specifically ironically has kind of funny.
Like I watched all those conferences live and.
Even the one who was a micro, well, all of them makes it for EA because EA was at one in
the morning and it's EA and it's one at one in the morning.
So no, I'm not watching that, but I actually watched the Microsoft one and Sony one
Microsoft was at five in the morning.
Thank you kid for waking up that early.
Um, so anyways, let's talk a little bit about Sony.
So Sony, they had a lot of rumors kind of going into it.
One of which was of course, um, HD remasters for journey and the unfinished one,
which were confirmed.
And the cool thing about those, of course, like a lot of the other games that they
have, uh, they are cross by.
So if you bought the PlayStation three version, you don't have to buy the
PlayStation four version.
It will already be there waiting to put, you know, waiting for you to play it.
Um, also hustle Kings is still, or is coming to a PlayStation four as well.
I am absolutely shocked that that series is still around.
Do people really like billiards that much?
I mean, I dunno, maybe it's literally the only game that's in that genre
that's out on consoles nowadays.
Um, all right.
And then, uh, they also announced that of course they're doing
pretty well with the system.
10 million units sold and they made sure to confirm that.
Yes, that's sold actually to customers and not just shipped.
Cause you know, poking fun at Microsoft and, uh, about, you know, some of
their numbers that they share.
And apparently the best selling console in North America for the past six months,
they said, and I think it's even outselling, uh, the PlayStation
three during that same time period.
They hit 10 million before the PlayStation three.
Um, and then kind of following, you know, some of their announcements,
they showed off a bunch of, I guess, unusual trailers, uh, for things
like including Q games, new, um, the tomorrow children, which kind of had
this, you know, Soviet Russia kind of vibe to it and, uh, very strange
looking game, but, uh, that should be coming out to the platform at some point.
Um, they announced that daisy is coming to PlayStation four.
So I'm guessing probably going to be coming to both consoles at some point.
And I don't know if it's going to be, uh, exclusive or anything with
at least they announced that, uh, also, um, and some kind of pissing off
some of the fans of Vita, uh, tearaway unfolded is going to be
coming to the PlayStation four as well.
So now they're getting kind of.
They own their own version of the Vita game.
Uh, well, I also think what pissed off fans, the Vita was an absolute
lack of any news for the nothing, uh, which I, I'm going to be honest.
It seems to me that Sony is destined to make the Vita a portable PlayStation
television is what is what the Vita is destined to be through the PlayStation
now and through, you know, the, the streaming with the PS four.
And I kind of think they're really not super duper interested in having
the Vita be maybe a games platform.
They'll still support the indie development for it.
Cause it's kind of like a feather in their hat, but I just, I think
Sony's kind of done already.
If anything, they're supporting the Vita with more independent stuff because
they, you know, it is one of the few platforms that actually still supports,
you know, was it a PlayStation mobile, which you can publish to, you don't
even need like a dev kit or anything.
You can just publish straight to it.
Um, so there's that.
And also a lot of these games that are coming out, um, on console
are getting Vita versions as well.
So I think, I think you'll see a lot in that sense, but yeah, as far as.
Releasing major, major titles on the Vita.
I just don't think that's going to happen right away.
Um, maybe if the PlayStation TV really takes off and the numbers, you know,
justify, you know, more portable versions of these games, the problem is just like
the Wii U there's just not a lot of units out there and so they don't want to spend
the effort and, you know, cost to develop a game for the Vita even Sony doesn't
cause some of their big name franchises that they thought would do really well
didn't, but I think that's kind of the blame on some of the devs because they
had really shitty ports of like resistance and stuff.
A couple of quick comments from chat and I'll let you get back to the news.
Wrap up.
Sorry.
Lucky.
Uh, Akuma JP says we had a lot of games in summer though on Vita.
Remember Akuma JP is in Japan where it's probably a very different perception
over there.
I mean, Japan even had that other Vita before we did.
And you know, it's a little different over there.
There's still third parties are supporting it.
I mean like, you know, especially the Japanese companies are really supporting
the Vita like, uh, Atlas and, um, even was it like over here, access games.
They kind of do a lot of translations of titles and stuff, but you're seeing,
you know, uh, Tecmo Koe, um, they've got lots of stuff coming into the Vita.
So if you like, you know, your Japanese games, you're in a lot of that stuff
localized, which is kind of cool.
Um, but really that's it.
I mean, you're not going to see a lot of just Vita versions of big titles
coming on, you know, no call of duties or anything like that, which is kind
of disappointing.
Uh, act Efton chat says, make the Vita $150 and make the memory cards
cheaper.
And I may consider one.
Well, the Vita is going to be what?
99 bucks.
If you can hook it up to a TV that's seems to be where I think they will drop
the price of it, especially if the, I mean, cause the thing about it, if it's
$200 and you know, PlayStation TV is going to be 99, I don't know if you're
going to have to drop the price of that.
It's going to come down one way or another, you know, either it's retailers
trying to clear out their stock or it's Sony dropping the price of it.
But I think the price does need to come down on it.
All right.
Um, and oh, I was going to say it last, but at least, uh, they announced
SharePlay, uh, the feature they're kind of showing off originally with the
PlayStation four is now going to be coming in the fall update.
Now SharePlay was that feature that they showed off where say I'm having trouble
in a game or something like that.
I can have my friend take over the game and actually play a part for me, or, you
know, um, you can also do couch co-op, you know, over the internet.
So if I have, you know, a two player local game, I can have someone join in
on player two or something like that.
But what people are also seeing is like, Hey, I can use this to loan a game to my
friend, you know, across the country or something like that, they'll just take
over my game and they can play it up to an hour.
So it's going to allow you to play up to 60 minutes at a time.
And, uh, you know, after that 60 minutes, it'll disconnect, but you can
reconnect as many times as you want.
And so that'll be coming in software update 2.0, which is
coming in later this fall.
And, Oh, and of course, because it is multiplayer PlayStation,
plus will be required like everything else.
All right.
Well, Microsoft also had their big press conference and there was a lot of news
coming out of that, including, uh, increased presence for indie games.
Uh, on the ID at X-Box platform, which will include goat simulator.
No time to explain.
And, uh, one of the big ones coming over from PC is smite because smite is a big
MOBA, uh, not quite as big as league of legends or dota, or, you know, even
heroes, but, uh, smite definitely has its audience.
I see it on Twitch all the time.
So very interesting.
That has made me actually very shocked that goat simulator was allowed on
consoles because that came as buggy as hell on purpose, but it's just, I think
that, yeah, I think that's the joke.
Christ.
Yeah, that's the joke.
Uh, anyhow.
Um, also, um, Dan, you haven't seen goat simulator.
Oh, well I'll have to show you during break then.
Oh, good.
You know, I have this game, right?
Uh, apparently not.
Imagine if you will, a game like Tony Hawk, where you do tricks, except
instead of Tony Hawk on a skateboard, you're goat pissing people off and
breaking shit fucking much and going into space.
Space space goat.
I'm in space.
Uh, let's see.
Uh, also, uh, the Xbox one preview program, expanding their features for
more friends, the ability to view messages, friends, parties, and
achievements on a snapped app, uh, and playing media from USB device.
Uh, there will be an FIFA 15 bundle in Europe.
Uh, turtle rock studios is going to be bringing the beta for evolved
to the Xbox one in January, uh, evolved by the way, pushed back.
If you hadn't heard the memo on that.
But the, uh, a demo or the beta, excuse me, will be on the Xbox one in January.
Uh, let's see fable legends.
Multiplayer beta will be in October.
Um, there will also be a sunset overdrive, uh, package detail,
which would be a retail October 28th.
I'm not sure if that is specifically for Europe.
No, they're going to have a system with it's a white console.
Same date.
Uh, yeah, the 28th it's, uh, it's, um, same con or white console for three 99.
Uh, the beta program for halo five starts December 29th.
So just barely in this year.
Uh, let's see.
Also, uh, there will be a halo channel.
Microsoft and three 43 industry is a teaming up for the halo channel.
This will broadcast live Twitch game play.
There'll also be content based around the halo series available on this.
This is kind of interesting, like a whole,
you know why I say, yeah, why?
Because they tried the same shit with call of duty elite member elite
had all this content that was based around call of duty and it was fucking boring.
No, I don't remember that actually.
Yeah.
And then they just continue to leave because no one gave a shit about it.
So I, I don't know.
It halo tournaments would be kind of cool, but I just.
Aside from like, uh, that show from Steve or are they still doing the
Steven Spielberg halo thing?
Because it, you know, aside from that, I just don't get shit about the rest.
Think that is still a thing.
I, they said anything that had already started was still going to be a thing.
I think.
Do you guys talk about bungee firing Martin O'Donnell?
A while ago when it happened?
Yeah.
Has three, four, three hired him yet?
Oh, I haven't heard.
Don't think seriously.
What the fuck are you guys waiting for?
That's the guy who makes halo halo, right?
Hurry up.
Right.
Uh, last but not least the big, big, uh, bomb that was dropped, uh, crystal
dynamics announcing rise of the tomb Raider will be exclusive to the Xbox one.
Uh, in the days that followed that exclusive was, uh, clarified to mean
timed exclusive, but I think we all kind of expected that a huge game like tomb
Raider, even if it is exclusive on Xbox one or whatever, the game of the year,
definitive edition, blah, blah, blah, blah, would have been on all consoles
anyway, especially with a big game like that, but a lot of people really
unhappy about that news, um, considering that probably a lot of people bought
tomb Raider on the PlayStation four for the definitive edition, just because,
you know, the number of, uh, PlayStations that were in households at the time and
so forth, you had more PS fours households.
So I think the game sold better there.
So, uh, and then some people saying, oh, if you go all the way back to the O G
tomb Raider games, that was always more of a PlayStation thing.
So this feels like a, and I'm using my quote, he fingers slap in the face to
those of us that have supported tomb Raider all these years, the DLC for
like granted out of four was exclusive to Xbox for about six months.
I don't know.
They paid $50 million for that.
So, um, you know, I, in my opinion, it's business and you might not like it, but
I sort of think if things had been the other way around where tomb Raider had
been announced exclusive for PlayStation four, people would have been like, oh,
cool.
And you might've had your occasional Xbox Microsoft tomb Raider.
So I kind of like, and I'm talking to somebody who doesn't own an Xbox one yet.
I own a PlayStation four and not an Xbox one, but I'm looking at this going, well,
that's, that's kind of irritating, but at the same time, it's probably a pretty
good business decision on Microsoft.
It's weird from square's end.
Because, you know, we all know that square doesn't do exclusive deals.
Well, all except for square does exclusive deals all the time.
It's not that Dan it's that they went out on record and said, we were a little
disappointed in the sales of tomb Raider, even though they kind of backtracked on
that later and crystal dynamics, I believe, I believe came out and said, no,
we, we may we're in the black, the games in the black now, you know, cause they,
they did sales in the definitive edition, so forth.
They made their money on that game and so forth.
It's cause square's delusional.
Look, I'm offended because tomb Raider was originally a Saturn game.
And then the PlayStation stolen.
So you know what Sony fans suck it.
Now you're getting your own medicine.
Well, what about, and some folks to say at fifth dream says
tomb Raider is a PC title.
I got, isn't it a PC title before it's any of those things.
I'm pretty sure that when tomb Raider was being developed, it was a.
It was a console game.
Interesting.
I don't think it started for the PC.
I think what happened was there was a PC version and then they made other PC
versions, but it was like the lead console for tomb Raider was the Saturn.
And here's the thing though, is it's not just Xbox one.
It's Xbox one and Xbox three 60.
Rise of the tomb Raiders on three 60.
Yes.
It's it's act it's coming to Xbox first.
I didn't re I didn't catch that.
I thought the game only had the newer, uh, no, I think it's
I think it's just how great the new generation consoles really are.
Last, last in, you know, new, last in, um, last gen and current gen.
Are you absolutely sure on that?
I'm pretty sure.
Oh, it in your mouth.
Uh, Sony's chain is screening, screaming from the other room.
Yes.
So interesting.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I'm seeing it.
I'm looking at Wikipedia.
So it must be true.
Three 60 and Xbox one.
Interesting.
Matt.
Meanwhile, frantically editing Wikipedia.
It's on Wikipedia.
So it must be true.
Here it is.
All right.
So, uh, yeah, I, again, I admit I'm trying to look at the silver lining of this.
I figured by 2015 holiday, I'd have an Xbox one anyway.
So maybe there'll be like a really cool bundle that comes out for two
prizes, the tomb Raider, because Microsoft seems invested in wanting
their own uncharted.
Was the last two Raiders so big, despite being a disappointment that
tomb Raider now has some sort of like relevance in the console war.
Well, here's yes, because even though when that news came out that the
two Raider wasn't selling well, Dan, it took a lot of us by surprise because
the new two Raiders really good, great game, great game.
And I figured it sold pretty well.
I didn't figure that sold system selling.
Well, I didn't figure it would be like if Microsoft rolled up and said, And
this might date me, cause I haven't really been following new games too
much, but if they just ran up and said, Hey, by the way, call of duty,
Xbox exclusive bitches, drops mic, you know, it's like, Oh, we got tomb Raider.
Good.
I mean, it's cool.
It's not going to change your fortunes.
It's not going to sell Xbox one.
If you consider that uncharted might be Sony's big game holiday 2015,
it does create a very new tomb Raider.
He does have a point.
That's the thing.
It's like, it's like, Oh, well, damn.
I can't play a big yet.
Hold on.
Okay.
Okay.
I can't play tomb Raider right now.
I'll just play uncharted until tomb Raider comes out.
I mean, there's that scenario.
I mean, especially now that it's confirmed that yeah, it's time exclusive.
So people just like, fuck it.
I'll just wait or I'll wait and see what the reviews are.
And the reason that great, I'm just not going to buy it at all when it comes out.
So it is a double edged sword that, you know, yeah, they get it exclusive,
but if it doesn't turn out to be a great, great, great game,
then it could hurt them in the end because now people are just not going to wait.
They'll wait for it to drop price.
We paid a hundred milos for an exclusive for a game that doesn't matter that much.
We needed something.
We got it Microsoft.
We have bullet, which I remain hopeful
because the first Tomb Raider was so darn good.
I know it'll be a great game.
I know I'm just the first Tomb Raider.
You guys know what I mean? The first since the reboot.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
We're running really long because of all these stream problems
we've been having tonight.
Put us back a little bit. So let's move on.
Dark Sakura, then I'll be quick.
Warner Brothers is apparently interested in buying Xbox Entertainment Studios.
There was something put out by a Hollywood reporter saying that Microsoft
was actually considering selling Xbox Entertainment Studios
to Warner Brothers because of
I just lost my place because they wanted to,
you know, after the negotiations with
the merger of Xbox Entertainment and Machinima,
that they thought that it would be a good idea.
What? Hmm. You know what this means?
But this news only can be one thing.
The return of the WB.
WBX. Well, you know that, you know, Xbox Entertainment was closed.
Yeah, but they still, of course, own what is left of its assets in the division.
Right. Well, and didn't the the documentary that they did,
the E.T. one, didn't they have to go to Warner to do a whole bunch
of the rights and stuff for like E.T. music and whatnot?
Maybe that was the point of contact.
Well, E.T. though is universal.
OK, then fuck it. That's all wrong.
God damn it, Dan. God damn it, Dan.
I'm like, what? E.T. was a right at Universal Studios.
But they licensed shit. I mean, you know, it's true.
All right. You have The Simpsons right now.
That's definitely not universal.
Or I'm sorry. No, it's not even The Simpsons anymore.
Fuck, I can't keep track.
It's like Simpsons and then it was Terminator and then like.
No, it's Simpsons now.
No, it's back to the future.
It's no, it's it's The Minions right now.
They didn't replace Terminator turned into Minions.
Simpsons was back to the future. Yeah.
Yeah, that's disappointing.
It was so cheesy. They had to keep it.
I mean, anyhow, anyhow.
Does does this affect the closure of Xbox Entertainment affect the whole
like possibility of one versus one hundred returning or any of that?
Oh, man, that was awesome.
Well, if if if you mean the well,
no, because, you know, zero percent
chance of returning time zero is still zero.
I think was the Xbox Entertainment was about like making TV
shows and shit.
It was about, oh, we're going to have all this original content
and we're going to have like a Netflix thing going on.
It wasn't about making games.
That was like the Xbox community, man.
And one versus one hundred was like, that was some cool content
that sold Xboxes.
I shit you not. We were selling Xboxes.
People were like, how do we get this one versus one hundred thing?
Oh, buy an Xbox, buy this card.
Don't even the game desk.
It's all good. Rod Band. Wow.
I hope I will know.
I hope that will come back in one way or another.
Maybe Warner Brothers can do that.
Warner Brothers, you joke about the WB, but didn't it become the CW?
I don't know who has the controlling stake in CW.
I don't know if that's mostly CBS.
Who cares? Yes, that's true.
Maybe, maybe because I want America's next top model on Xbox
one with connect,
make my best smize on connect.
You're going to get supernatural.
You can just do that for fun.
I can. I'm doing it right now.
The best you can hope for is an adaptation
of a possible model and movie.
I just saw a game.
I just want my Xbox to root for me when I when I die in the exclusive
Rise of the Tomb Raider.
I want my I want Tyra to come out and go.
We were rooting for you.
We were all rooting for you.
Anyhow, yeah.
Loki, new story, please save this.
All right. So speaking of comeback, Sierra is back
resurrected in shambles, I guess, by Activision
and Sierra's new direction is, well, they're going to be
releasing some of their old titles, including King's Quest,
the brand new King's Quest game and.
Geometry Wars, three dimensions, which is like geometry wars,
but now it's not quite flat, it's in dimensions.
Bizarre Creations is back.
Now, when they start doing time dimensions, then
we have Tesseract edition.
So correct me if I'm wrong.
This is your only active.
Fuck you. Oh, excuse me, excuse me.
Not here. This is only Activision using the name, right?
It's no there's no Roberta Williams.
Oh, God, no original talent.
She washed her hands of Lord gaming.
Lord British isn't running back to Activision because
more money after launching into space.
Lord British tried to shoot himself into space.
Right. No, he did shoot himself into space.
Yeah, but he's not running back.
This is just them saying we're going to release adventure games
and we're going to release it under the order of British.
He's making Facebook games now.
Oh, no, that's what I'm saying.
This those guys aren't coming back.
So, yeah, it's not coming back.
The name Sierra is being used for the King's Quest.
Bizarre sequel slash remake slash resurrection.
Bizarre, sadly, not coming back either.
So even though I'm really no shit, even though I'm really.
Fuck you, Activision.
Fuck you for that.
Fuck you, Microsoft, for even selling them.
And even though I'm like really excited about a new Geometry Wars,
I'm like super like shifty eyes, like don't fuck this up.
Do not follow.
OK, so King's Quest, they're saying is being developed by the odd gentlemen
who did the misadventures of PB Winterbottom
and I guess the wayward manor.
And then lucid games are going to be taking over Geometry Wars.
I have no idea who lucid games are, but it's Geometry Wars.
I can't imagine it'd be that difficult.
Famous. That's not true.
Geometry Wars is a simple game that's perfectly balanced.
It was designed not just like, oh, here you go, play this.
Like they put some time into it.
Remember the first year of the Xbox?
It was the killer app.
It was like, well, Project
Awesome three is pretty good, but perfect dark zero.
Do you have you played Geometry Wars?
Oh, and Uno on Xbox Live. There you go.
No, for like no lies detected on versus 100.
And it's like it's so weird.
Yet yet bizarre.
Shut down vision camera, not support like what?
Anyway, well, it was, you know, what happened was
and I mean, I know that because I'm a racing effects, not a bizarre
big thing was Gotham Project, Gotham Nine.
It took three titles, but eventually for to eclipse Project Gotham.
Microsoft didn't see any reason to keep bankrolling them.
And so they sold them off to Activision.
And then Activision had one release.
It was like Splitter Splitter Blur.
They had two releases because you remember Activision
had them develop that crappy game, the club.
Oh, oh, yeah. They did a double of seven games.
Anyway, why do you why did you remind me about?
I hate you so much, man.
Here's the Geometry Wars two was still really good to evolved.
Yeah, exactly. Anyway, that was Geometry Wars two was Geometry Wars.
Sorry, whatever.
Remember, we did have one that got the name Geometry Wars two on Xbox 360.
That's really good, too.
And we we had was that the guys supported it over the Wii.
So that's pretty good.
And the way that was still bizarre.
And the Wii one was pretty good, too.
Was it on 3DS or DS?
I think so. It was on DS. Yeah.
And that game was awesome.
It's a great game. It's just OK.
I'm just worried because Activision sucks.
I don't know. I wouldn't say they suck, but it's just like there's
EA has reclaimed their title, Crown of the Most Evilest.
Oh, yes, yes.
But I'm worried that the Activision and like even EA
has been trying to spin this where or maybe not EA, but there was like,
was it that the guy that did
or the group that did Devil May Cry, you know, that game sucks.
Well, now they're trying to release these games as indie titles.
So like, you know, like Geometry Wars three dimensions is an indie title
or like, you know, King's Quest is going to be more of an indie title.
And they're trying to spin it that way to get people,
you know, kind of more on their side for that stuff.
Like they have another game coming out.
I can't remember, but it looked exactly like Devil May Cry,
but it's it's it's an indie title by a triple A studio or something like that.
It's like that doesn't make any fucking sense.
It's by what they call it.
It's by a small market developer, you know, an indie developer.
Indie developer, not indie studio.
Yeah, because Activision is about the world's biggest or second biggest studio.
Well, as much fun as we're having reminiscing evil bastards
about the past, let's do some more reminiscing about the past with this story,
because believe it or not, this week is the twenty five year anniversary
of the Sega Genesis, not the medium, right?
Not the not the Mega Drive necessarily, but the Sega Genesis
coming to stores in North America.
Remember Sonic and Tails and Fantasy Star and Echo
the Dolphin and Shadow Run and Toe Jam and Earl.
Don't remember those from launch because you remember Altered Beast,
which which I went back and played not that long ago
because it was on the Sonic Mega collection thing.
So I went back to get my trophies.
I played Altered Beast on Genesis and I was like Ultimate Genesis collection.
That's it. Thank you.
I was like Altered Beast on Genesis.
This game sucks. That game was terrible.
But the whole thing was you came from like Mario three,
which is a masterpiece of of gameplay design and whatnot.
And you looked at the graphics and then you looked at Altered Beast
and you heard the graphics and the voice and you were like, God damn,
this is amazing.
And there were a lot of great games during the launch of the Genesis.
There was Thunder Force Two.
There was Herzog Zwei.
There was Truxton.
There was what else was going to launch?
Yeah, that's about it.
I had Super Thunder Blade and Altered Beast. I got screwed.
Yeah. And the Altered Beast.
Bulls and Ghosts.
Bulls and Ghosts was the lead launch title.
It was the reason to own a Sega Genesis.
Altered Beast, everybody remembers from the arcade
and not that it was necessarily a much better game in the arcade,
but everybody remembers those sequences with like the voice
like when they transform in the wise from your wave.
The Genesis was a capable trance.
The funny thing about the Genesis translations were they were always close.
They weren't exact. Golden Axe wasn't exact.
You know, what was the other one?
Ghouls and Ghosts wasn't exact.
Altered Beast wasn't exact.
But because they were the closest you could get at home at the moment,
they were amazing.
I didn't realize Omar Fudd did voice acting in that game.
He did. Oh, yes.
Dungeon Buster in chat at live.vognetware.com says,
everybody poop who's Altered Beast nowadays.
But it was like, holy crap, it's almost like the arcade at the time.
Yeah, it was.
That's what I was saying is it was mind blowingly close.
And when you got your Genesis, that was, you know,
especially if you bought it in the first year before Sonic released
and became the pack-in, that was the game you slammed in and you turned on.
And you were like, why didn't I buy a second controller
so my buddy could play with me?
And you play through the game in like 20 minutes
and then you play through the game again in like 20 minutes.
And then you put it away and hopefully you'd bought another game.
Dan, I know you have many fond memories of the Genesis
because I think you're kind of the Sega fanboy.
Yeah, Sega is my thing.
Which is kind of probably why you're here tonight of all weeks.
No, it's just an amazing coincidence.
Amazing coincidence.
What are your personal favorite memories?
Because I didn't own a Genesis and my friends did, but I didn't own one.
You didn't own a Genesis?
I was a Super Nintendo kid.
Fuck you, I'm leaving.
Well, what are your favorite memories of the Sega Genesis?
Looking back, you know, the great thing about when the Genesis
actually launched was that it took the how do you say?
It kind of took the vibe that Nintendo was putting out, which was,
oh, it's real family friendly and it's good for kids.
And the console is wide and the games are all brightly colored.
And I mean, the box was black.
It had the big silver logo on it.
It had the big screenshot from Altered Beast.
And it just it looked edgy.
It felt edgy.
The controllers were were a little too large for little kid hands
and had three buttons, which was amazing at the moment.
The game cartridges were really cool and sleek,
and they didn't have the names on the front.
They were only on the top.
And it did weird little things like when you had two controllers plugged in,
it wouldn't ask you if you wanted to do one or two player
and some of the launch games you had to press start of the second controller.
But if you only played it, one player would let you swap controllers back
and forth, which Nintendo didn't do at the moment.
And we were just like, oh, man, that's so cool.
What kind of thought went into that?
It had almost all arcade games, just really fantastic stuff.
I had a Super Nintendo.
God, you suck.
And that's not what you said when we opened my luggage day one.
You're like, you bought a Super Nintendo.
I did not. You did. You did, sir.
I'm like, wow, your Super Nintendo is ugly and discolored.
Mine is beautiful and pristine.
Let's throw yours away.
I know you still have mine.
I think, OK, when we talk about our show, we do like like I throw away
a Super Nintendo, not to interrupt the family.
So I was looking for you to interrupt because I was like out of breath.
But I as a non Genesis owner, I still remember
what I think was kind of the big moment for me that made me want to Genesis.
And I think was was a big defining moment
for the Sega Genesis was the release of Mortal Kombat.
And the fact that the Sega Genesis was the only system cool enough
to have the blood code, whereas on the Super Nintendo, it was like, no, it's sweat.
I had the Super Nintendo version.
Did you really? Because the graphics and sounds were better.
But the gameplay was broken as shit.
Yeah, it really was.
You know, that was the big problem with this next version.
It just didn't play right.
But it looked like like the scale down, but it looked like the arcade.
And that was just sort of the weird thing about it was.
Yeah, the Genesis version was a big, big seller.
But that didn't come out till, what, 94?
It was later on. It was.
Yeah, it's 93 or 94.
So you're talking like three or four years in.
And it kind of gave.
What was weird was, you know, the SNES came out and the SNES was successful
and the Genesis came out with Sonic and the Genesis was holding its own.
And then the Mortal Kombat thing, you know, then the SNES got Street Fighter II.
And all of a sudden we were all throwing the Genesis aside
because it was like we had to play Street Fighter II.
Talk about a third party exclusive.
That was a huge system seller.
And, you know, because the Genesis didn't get Street Fighter II
and sell it until Special Champion Edition, they had no analog to it.
So they brought out MK, MK gave the Genesis more life
because their version had fatalities.
It had blood. It played faster. It played better.
Yeah, it sounded kind of wonky and it looked a little funky,
but it was closer to what people, to what the Mortal Kombat fan wanted.
Right. Very good.
Very good summary of that there, Loki.
I didn't have a Genesis right away, but I did get one.
I did get one later on.
So I think, you know, one of my favorite games on there.
Well, I had two favorite games.
One would have been the their version of Jurassic Park,
which was the side scroller version where you could play as the dinosaurs.
That was pretty cool.
And then Vectorman, actually.
I kind of like that was late.
And Earthworm Jim.
That was a good game.
You know, Earthworm Jim is a great example of a game
that was just hyped as shit, too.
Like they pushed it and pushed it and pushed it and pushed it and pushed it.
And then it came out and it was good.
Guys, you know, in chat saying the game came out in 92, not 93 or 94.
That actually does sound right, because I remember I got in a fight
with my ex-girlfriend.
I know it was a couple of years in.
Because remember, it launched in 89.
So we're not talking like first Christmas or second Christmas.
It'd be like the third or fourth Christmas for the console.
You know, Dan, Dan, I hate to disappoint you,
but the first Sega system I ever owned was a Dreamcast.
And even then, it was after they had slashed the price like 50 bucks.
Well, I'm not surprised by that before the Dreamcast was out here.
Oh, yeah, with the Japanese, because there were like six people
who owned the master system. Yeah.
And so when the Genesis came out, it had it had a big mountain to climb.
But the whole thing was they kind of pulled the Sony
where they didn't go directly after the Nintendo consumer at first.
They went after the older gamer.
They said, like I said, everything's a little edgier,
a little more expensive, a little bit bigger.
But you're going to get the hardcore arcade games that you want.
You're not going to get to Mario, but you will get Altered Beast.
You will get Golden Axe.
You will get Revenge of Shinobi.
You know, oh, yeah, that was probably the other really good launch game.
Revenge of Shinobi.
Oh, Shadow Dancer. That was another great title.
Yeah, Shadow Dancer, which is which is a Mega Drive or Genesis exclusive
because the arcade version is completely different.
And Moonwalker. Come on.
How can I forget Moonwalker?
Oh, yeah, not a launch, but a great game.
First year or maybe second year.
It's Strider. Strider.
Yeah, it was probably the first, not the first Christmas,
but the second Christmas, Christmas 90.
And you remember I sat down and beat it on Genesis,
one of our first years together.
Actually, I think you beat it on the arcade emulator that we had.
Now, I beat it on the Genesis.
I did. I was sitting on the Genesis version is easier.
All right. Well, we could reminisce on Sega Genesis all night.
And Dan's going to try, but we can't.
I do. I do want to move on.
Let me talk about this new title.
Hey, did I tell you about something on Genesis?
So don't I have a story?
Well, that's what Nintendo shut up while I mute Dan's mic.
Let's move on to.
Hey, Jamie, tell us all about how great the Genesis is.
Well, how about Plants vs.
Zombie Garden Warfare for people?
For people who are interested in this game, it is the fans.
OK, I'm done.
She dropped the mic, take the mic out of his hand.
Give me that. Oh, Dan, now I have two mics.
Yes, I am. Oh, hey, leave my coffee alone.
Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare.
I'm going to strangle him with the cord.
Do you get to play as the coffee bean in the Garden Warfare?
It's free, bitches.
It's free for a little while.
Seventy two hours worth of free on Loolergens.
So go get it.
And here's Dan talking about more Sega shit.
You know, the plants didn't really have Plants vs.
Zombies on Sega, but they did have Zombies Ate My Neighbors,
which had a lot of hedges.
It didn't have plants in it.
Many, many plants and several zombies.
I love how Jamie literally read a story about a new game
that's free and neither one of you care.
Is it on Sega Genesis?
No. Then it doesn't matter.
Here's why I don't care.
Here's why I don't care about that.
It's because it's not free forever.
It's just a free trial over the weekend.
Now, if it was one of those, hey, Origin, I mean,
or it's Origin giving me a free game.
Yeah, sure. Go download it. That'd be awesome.
Wing Commander 3 is still free.
Yes, Wing Commander 3. Go download that.
But, you know, it's not one of those.
Free trial? I don't give a shit.
So it's one of those.
Isn't it a free weekend when you start it?
It's not like Steam weekends where it's between.
I thought it was like 72 hours when you download it and start it.
Yeah, I still think that's how it works.
All right. Anyhow, so let's travel around the world
and check out some release dates of some games that are coming out that,
sadly, they're probably not free, but you never know.
Are they on the Genesis?
We'll cover Genesis release dates.
No, but guess what?
Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare is coming out on PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4,
but that's because EA said, hey, guess what?
Microsoft paid for an awesome exclusive on Xbox One and Xbox 360.
So you guys get it six months later. Whoo!
So you better believe that whenever Tomb Raider comes out on PlayStation,
it's going to be probably six months later because that seems to be all their deals are.
Six months comes out on the other systems.
So those will be PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4.
And then Tales of Zilia 2 on PlayStation 3.
And finally, Diablo 3, the Ultimate Evil Edition on PlayStation 3,
PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Xbox 360.
All right. Traveling over to Japan,
taking a look at the Mega Drive releases in Japan.
Nothing, Dan.
There's nothing coming out on the Mega Drive this week in Japan.
And Wii U releases and nothing.
The Mega Drive really wasn't the most successful system in Japan.
Did you look at the European or the Brazilian?
So how about what's coming out on other systems?
Well, I was going to say also nothing on the Xbox 360.
That actually isn't true.
That's usually a running joke, like Xbox 360 in Japan, ha ha ha.
But the Xbox 360 is getting World of Tanks,
Xbox 360 Edition Starter Pack is out in Japan this week.
So more releases than the Mega Drive.
Go figure.
On the PlayStation 4, a big week over there on the 21st,
Diablo 3, Reaper of Souls, Ultimate Evil,
and The Last of Us Remastered hitting Japan this week.
The Xbox One still not out in Japan,
so we don't actually have releases for that yet.
On the PlayStation 3, Diablo 3 makes its way out there as well.
Nothing on the Wii U this week, because releases are few and far
between on the Wii U.
But the PlayStation Vita has a few games
to kind of follow up what AkumaJP said earlier.
Binary Star, Bullet Girls, and Chaos
had Duel all coming out this week on the PlayStation Vita.
So there are still some releases on the Vita.
Just one game on the 3DS this week, Tetsudo Nippon,
Rosa no Tabi, Kashima Orinkai Tetsudo Hen
comes out this week.
I'm trying to see what that game is.
It looks like it's a game about public transit,
or like transit trains.
It's a train game.
Some people love their trains in Japan.
Some people love their trains in America, too.
We don't get cool games like this.
Remember they used to have those big awesome controllers
for the train games?
I think they still do.
They probably still do.
Awesome.
Yeah, and on 3DS, you'd have it on the bottom.
Isn't there like a big Shinkansen thing
that came out like last year?
Probably.
I don't know.
They don't release the really cool stuff here.
We got Railroad Tycoon, and I think I had the A train on.
No, they have a train simulator game.
I know it's on Steam because they have zombie DLC for it.
Don't ask me why.
They have that.
And then the warehouse simulator game,
they also had zombie DLC for us.
What if you made like a funny typo?
Warrios.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys,
and then the classic.
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
UK dates.
My bad.
Jeez, Rob.
No one cares.
You can leave.
Is anything coming out on Genesis?
In the UK, it would be the Mega Drive, sir.
Oh, my bad.
On the 19th, we have Diablo 3, Reaper of Souls for PS3, Xbox
360, and PS4, and X-Bone, and not Genesis.
On the 20th, we have Counter Spy for PS4, Vita, and PS3.
Dan?
Mega Drive.
There, I said it.
It's on the Mega Drive.
Sweet.
I'm importing it.
On the 21st of August, we have Plants vs. Zombies,
Garden Warfare on Xbox 4, and I'm sorry, not Xbox 4.
PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3.
See what you made me do?
Mega Drive.
I'll Mega Drive the car over you.
I'll run over you with my Mega Fiat.
All right.
No.
Now, just a couple more stories, and then
the classic game of the week.
It'll be back to Jamie, because it's all about Jamie.
The irony is it probably won't be a Genesis game.
It is actually not a Genesis game tonight, but that's OK.
All right, moving, because she's probably
done every Genesis game at one point or another.
She's done a lot of Sega games.
Oh, shoot.
I actually fucked up, because I was
going to do my whole Capcom, the Qsound era games.
Yeah, you broke your own pattern.
I'm going to have to start my pattern again next week.
All right.
Well, that's OK, because the show is broke in itself
when it keeps disconnecting tonight, so it's appropriate.
Loki.
All right.
Mario Kart.
So lots of copies have been sold.
They've surpassed $1 million in the US,
and that's a pretty amazing feat, considering they haven't
really sold that many systems.
But Mario Kart definitely helped, so good for them.
And of course, we'll see some free DLC
that's totally not cashing in from sponsors, but whatever.
I'm actually excited to see more track DLC.
And speaking of tracks, there's actually some cups
that were not in the game.
They have some unused icons, including, let's see here,
looks like a Yoshi egg, a star, a boo, and a blue shell.
Oh, god, I can only imagine what a blue shell
cup is going to consist of.
My understanding is, isn't one of the new DLCs
like Mercedes-based?
Yeah.
Like you get Mercedes carts?
It's coming out August 24th, I think.
Where does that come from?
Just some weird type of deal.
It was in Japan first.
They've had it for a while.
It was just some weird licensing deal they had.
But I mean, who's going to be sitting there,
and they're going to be playing their Wii U,
and they're going to be going, because I could choose
a Mercedes and Mario Kart, I think
I'm going to head on down to my local Mercedes dealer
and take a test drive.
It just doesn't seem to have a lot of synergy.
Not everyone is like you, Dan.
Brand awareness.
It might work on me, but I mean, that's like, fuck it.
I'll definitely, I mean, yeah.
Dan gets out of bed going, I want to test drive a car today.
Mercedes is trying to hook them early.
They're all like, you know, when I was 10 years old,
I drove a Mercedes and Mario Kart,
and I'm semi-successful now.
If I actually took this seriously,
which I'm going to humor Dan and take this seriously,
I think it is a part of brand awareness.
And it may not be so much about trying to get the person
to go out and test drive a Mercedes
as it is trying to reach the person that's already
thinking about driving a car who may have thought,
I didn't think about a Mercedes,
but now I'm seeing it on these YouTubes
of people playing Mario Kart,
and it's just creating the awareness.
And-
You're a fucking idiot.
Fuck you, get off the channel.
Fuck you.
No, no, no.
I just don't buy that.
I just, I see the user base for the Wii U
and the user base for the Mercedes Benz automobile
as so different that I just can't see them working together.
It's just, it's just two great tastes that don't go together.
It's just that they paid them money
to put it in their game.
I know.
That's all it was because they're like, we need money.
Right, no, no, no, I'm not saying Nintendo,
yeah, that's why, that's exactly what I'm getting at.
How did this go?
You know what?
Nintendo doesn't do anything for free.
I want to see Trojan-
Oh my God, Rob.
I didn't, I don't, you're not really an idiot.
I want to see Trojan condoms,
pay them a lot of money to put some DLC in,
like, I don't know, Mario Kart, why not?
Let's do that.
Dude, that would be awesome.
There could be a condom power up.
It covers you up and you're protected from everything
until it wears off.
Dan, you could have the Mercedes and Mario Kart,
or you can have Yaris.
Yaris probably made more sense.
Because it's a cheap-
Are you really right now?
Yes, yes, and I'll tell you why.
First of all, Yaris is a bootsy game,
so I'm not trying to endorse that you,
well, you can't download it, but okay.
Yaris was a cheapy little car
that's going to be geared towards 20-somethings
who are probably sitting on their fucking couch
playing Xbox 360.
Do I think for a second that Yaris sold Toyota any cars?
No.
But I'm sure, you know,
it's not as if Mercedes came out and said,
you know who we're going after?
We're going after Gran Turismo players.
Well, here's the thing, too, though.
When, like, I was looking for a car
and I was looking for some affordable cars and stuff,
I was like, oh, hey, cheap car, it's a Yaris.
Let me see what that's about, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Not saying that I was going to buy it,
but it's like, it's made it stand out
like a fraction of a percent more than, like, say,
you know, I don't know.
Well, and unless I'm completely off base
onto what the common user of the Wii U is,
apparently it's an affluent, you know, 40 to 50-something
that's making six figures.
Because that's, well, no,
because I guess there is a $40,000 Mercedes out there now.
Maybe that's the whole idea.
Maybe they're trying to say,
hey, you're 23 years old and you're sitting at home
playing a game for 12-year-olds, come buy a Mercedes.
You get a used Mercedes?
No, I'm sure, yeah, I'm sure it's got like an 83,
you know, diesel piece of shit Mercedes
that you can drive in the game.
They do have the old class.
Mario's like sticking out of the hood, you know, fuck.
They do have, like,
was it some of the classic Mercedes in there?
Like, they have the classic, I forget,
the one that's like the monopoly car in the game.
Right.
And...
Yeah, it's only like, yeah.
And it's more expensive than any new Mercedes.
Yeah.
The SLR McLaren, you know.
Let's see, I was gonna see exactly
which cars were in there.
It would all make more sense to me
if it was like Mercedes free download pack for Forza 5.
Let's see, it was...
The 1957 300 SL Roadster,
the 1934 W25 Silver Arrow,
and let's see, the new compact SUV.
The GLA.
I was thinking, hey, maybe it's not such a cash-in.
Maybe they're just gonna put some cute cars in there
as some sort of freebie.
Then it's like, oh yeah,
and the new compact Mercedes SUV.
All right.
For time, I gotta move on.
I wanna hit one more story here
before we get to the classic game of the week,
which has no add-on car DLC that I know of, but we'll see.
You guys all know about what went down on Twitch last week.
We talked about that,
and I'm sure a lot of your favorite podcasts
have been talking about the controversy happening at Twitch.
Well, a little bit of irony on this story.
Twitch seems to have expanded
into more live streaming demonstrations,
I suppose, for lack of a better term, for electronic music.
Porter Robinson released a new album this past week, Worlds,
and he had a Twitch stream that ran this thing
where he hung out with fans
and talked about the video games that inspired the tracks
and showed the recording studio and so forth.
So it was a little weird because I guess it was about games
because he talked about video games,
but yet it was this album promotion for copyrighted music.
So I don't know if the archives got bleeped or whatever.
I don't know.
But this isn't the first time this has happened either.
There's, let's see, Mad Descent,
who is the label behind Diplo, Dylan Francis.
They did a Twitch channel.
Diplo.
Is it Diplo?
Sorry, you can tell how much I listen to these artists.
They did a Twitch channel
where the folks are talking with fans.
And Darude, I know Darude, they did the after party.
Remember Sandstorm?
That's my excuse to play Darude right now.
So anyway, interesting that this is some territory
that they're getting into
because it's not really directly about video games
and it's barking up the tree
of something that they really cut back on last week.
So, I don't know.
It's a little hypocritical actually.
A little bit?
A little bit.
Why do you think?
Because they're like,
no, you can't play copyright music.
We're gonna play copyright music.
That's right.
That's our job to play copyright music.
But is it the copyright holder
playing the copyrighted music?
I would assume so in this case
because it's the record label doing it.
But-
Then it's a little different.
But when you're using an all automated system
to bleep things, I wonder if that matters.
Because we've seen cases on YouTube anyway.
I mean, I guess I am doing apples to oranges,
but if it's to be believed that YouTube's gonna buy Twitch,
I think it's a fair comparison.
YouTube has dropped video and copyright striked
like people that hold the IP.
Like game creators whose soundtracks get flagged
from whoever owns that.
It gets their whole damn movie flagged.
Right.
Well, they kind of backed off on that a little bit.
It was really bad about a year back.
I think that Twitch is fantastic.
And I mean, I haven't really followed
their recent troubles.
I know that they just dropped the whole Justin TV label.
But I think that for gamers,
Twitch is literally the validation of the hobby.
It's an entire network.
You can watch pretty much any game that you'd wanna watch.
You can stream any game that you'd like to stream
and try to get watchers.
But I can also see how if it's not already
being perverted terribly,
how it can be just perverted terribly and ruined in a second
as any good idea does when you involve humanity.
All right.
On that note, let's talk about
other of humanity's perverted ideas
in a segment we call the Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Soccer's gonna take a step into the vault
and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you kids should be playing this game.
I don't know why you're not playing this game.
Actually, a lot of you have probably played this game.
But remember this game?
Yep.
It's cool.
Dark Soccer.
And it actually is old.
It is old.
And I kind of looked at this going,
oh my God, this game is that old?
And yes it is.
Dark Soccer, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
It's Bejeweled.
Bejeweled.
Because it's old.
It is.
Came out in 2001 and it was,
I think this is the first solely browser game
I've ever done as well.
So we're definitely getting into the internet age with this.
Possibly.
But basically it's a puzzle game created by PopCap.
It started off as a web-based flash game called Diamond Mine
that was inspired by a game called Shariki.
Basically, you just have to match up three gems in a row
and you can get more than that.
It's kind of like the Columns thing too, right Dan?
Columns, Sega.
All I'm going to say is for the record,
I would be shocked if there's not a Sega Genesis version
of this out there.
Columns.
Columns is not the same.
I know, but still.
But anyway, the game, it's basically just so simple
and kind of stupid and addicting,
but we now have so many different versions of Bejeweled
and it's been on fucking everything.
So basically, Bejeweled was actually created by,
the name came up by Microsoft who thought
that Diamond Mine was too similar to another game
called Diamond Mines as far as the name.
So basically it's been everywhere.
It's been on Windows where it was Bejeweled Deluxe
and it was on iOS.
It's been on old PDAs like the Blackberry, the iPhone,
Palm OS, Windows Mobile Smartphone Platforms.
It's been on Xbox Live Arcade.
It was one of the first downloadable games
for the iTunes store on the iPod.
I had it on my old flip phone.
I won't say anything about how often I played that game,
but I had it.
It's been on the Chrome Web Store for free.
There's an HD iPad version.
And basically it's also, I think,
what has led up to the popularity of such games
such as Candy Crush Saga.
And other similar type of puzzle games.
Although, you know, this game probably wouldn't exist
if it wasn't for its precursors like Columns, Puyo Puyo.
What was that one that Julie liked, Dan?
Magical Drop.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I like Magical Drop.
All kinds of just the little puzzle games like this
that are, and the thing is,
the concept behind the game is really easy.
However, it just gets complicated,
especially now that they've got these multiple versions of it
because I've been playing a whole crap ton
of Bejeweled 3 lately,
which is just Bejeweled on iOS right now.
Like the butterfly mode I'm addicted to, diamond.
There's actually a mode called Diamond Mine
that's like groundbreaking using the gems and everything.
It's pretty interesting.
But basically you just have to swap one gem
with one adjacent to form a horizontal
or vertical chain of three or more.
And then you can cause chain reactions,
basically where they will cascade effect
and break many more and you get more points and stuff.
So you've got in the original, there were two versions.
There was normal where every match would fill a bar
and then a level would be complete.
And that's classic mode in some of the newer versions.
When you were out of moves, it was game over.
Matching four or five or six
was just still a regular thing.
You didn't get the special gems until Bejeweled 2 forward.
There was time trial where the bar would start
halfway through the middle
and the level would complete when the bar is full
and over time the bar would decrease.
So basically you're fighting the bar
to see how well you're gonna do.
And that's really it.
You know, you can actually still visit
the original Bejeweled Flash version and play it online.
So.
I used to play the crap out of Bejeweled on MSN zone.
How old is that?
Let's see, 2001, you know,
I had barely been living out here only two years.
Been out here for like two or three years.
About two years, so yeah.
I'm just gonna go ahead and put a caveat out there.
Bejeweled is not in the vault.
Bejeweled will never be in the vault.
Bejeweled is not a game.
It technically is, because I have a box for Bejeweled 2.
Technically we don't have a vault.
By the way, the vault's been disassembled for years.
But it lives on in-
In my mind.
Yes, exactly.
All right, there it is, a classic game of the week.
It's very small.
But jeweled.
And some folks in chat asking like,
what up G says, how old is considered classic?
And the rule here at OLR is 10 or more years old.
Which is, that's a decade old.
And yep, 13 years for Bejeweled, so.
I think classic should be pre-2000.
Well, what's funny is that when we changed the rule
to be 10 or more years, it was about 2001, 2002
for how far back we were going.
So it's just like, we're still moving forward.
Not that I would say that Bejeweled is not a classic game.
I mean, it's been played by 11 gajillion people.
Right.
Just, you know, because there's no-
You're just pissed it wasn't a Genesis game.
Oh, fuck you.
You know, you know there's a homebrew of Bejeweled
on the Genesis.
You know it exists.
And Bobby still keeps wanting me to do Halo
for classic game and I'm not gonna.
All right.
Ooh.
We, part of the reason we changed the rules
so that we could throw in Dreamcast games and-
Yes.
And GameCube.
Yes.
All right.
Dreamcast shit came out in 99.
Right.
Right.
But some of the other games I've covered
have been out in the 2000s.
Maybe classic is everything older
than the current generation.
Maybe classic is-
Maybe classic is two generations old.
All right.
Well, anyway.
So it can't be PS2, but it can be PS1.
When you come to the show regularly you'll have-
I guess it could be PS2, but it can't be PS3.
Dan, let it go.
All right.
Moving on.
Right, Dan, you're right.
Well, no, you asked.
Somebody asked and I was answering the fucking question.
You're screwing up your own show.
How dare you?
Every gamer gets a voice.
Well, I was answering the question.
I was answering the question.
Besides you guys' wishy washy.
Besides you guys' wishy washy.
Oh, maybe 10 years.
Maybe as old as Jamie says it is.
All right.
Look, we're going to take a break.
Calm down a little bit here.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lawn's Radio
after a quick break here.
Your emails, Frugal Question of the Week,
Rapid Fire News, and much more.
We come back with more of Orange Lawn's Radio
right after this.
And more Sega Genesis.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live
on this, let's see, it is August the 17th of 2014.
564 episodes down of Orange Lawn Show.
Actually, this is 564 in progress.
So anyhow, over there, I noticed in the corner,
Loki is showing Dan Goat Simulator for the first time.
Is that what's happening over there?
Because I hear Dan going over there.
Yeah, showing him Goat Simulator.
That goat just got so goddamn simulated by that car.
Good times.
Good times.
All right, well, we are going to go over
some rapid fire news.
I hate to break into the Goat Simulator,
but we still have a lot of show to cover,
and we're running behind tonight a little bit
thanks to live difficulties.
But I appreciate you guys sticking with us here live.
Again, we do tape live at The Voice of the East Network,
vognetwork.com, Sunday nights at six Pacific, nine Eastern.
Usually there's not so many fricking drops and stream issues.
But of course, if you do miss us live,
you can always check out the podcast feed,
which is available on your favorite podcast app.
Loki.
Hold on, Goat Simulator's being glitchy like,
I know, shocking, Goat Simulator glitchy?
What?
Had to force quit this thing,
because it's all main menu.
Nope, main menu.
Nope, main menu.
Nope.
So anyways, okay.
All right, let's do this.
Okay, so hey, this is pretty cool.
If you're a fan of shmup games,
the creator of Ikaruga has a brand new game
coming to PlayStation 4 called Ubusana,
and that is literally all we know about it.
He apparently talked about it on his blog,
and mentioned that it's gonna be a downloadable title
on PlayStation 4.
You know where the creator of Ikaruga
got their start, by the way?
Genesis.
Of course.
Okay.
So that's all we know so far, unfortunately.
And then, during the Microsoft conference,
they actually announced that they're gonna be doing
an exclusive Xbox One bundle with Call of Duty,
and it's gonna have kind of a skin system, skin controller,
a digital download of Call of Duty, Advanced Warfare,
and a one terabyte hard drive,
and it's also gonna be $499,
to which I say, why the fuck would I buy that
when I can buy the Sunset Overdrive one for $399,
and hell, if I really wanted to add some additional space,
it would cost a hell lot less than $100.
But I guess then I would get Call of Duty 2.
Whatever.
But yeah, if you're interested,
that'll be coming out launch for,
well, it'd be now on the third,
because they're doing that Day Zero edition.
Whoopty shit.
And then, last but not least,
Meta Knight is confirmed now for the new Smash Bros. game.
Did you say Meta Knight?
Meta Knight.
Okay, because I didn't think they had
much to do with video games.
You know, it's not part of their lifestyle,
and they are not the Amish, hello, they're different.
Yeah, so Meta Knight, he will be coming,
and I wish they just would talk about new characters,
not old characters coming back, to be honest.
And just do it all at once,
instead of like, one character now,
another character now, another character,
I mean, we're only like,
about six weeks away from the launch, just.
I kinda like when there's some surprises still in the game,
although I guess in this internet age,
the surprises never last long, but.
True, but hopefully there'll be some unlockable characters,
like Rob was last time, I mean, I thought that was cool.
What's so cool on Melee, when you unlock characters,
and you have no fucking idea who they were.
You're all like, who the hell is this guy?
Oh, he's kinda awesome.
Are they ever gonna confirm Ness?
That's the one.
Let's go buy all of the Fire Emblem games.
It's been in every single game,
I don't think they're gonna take him out.
You never know.
It'd be funny though, like, they have, you know,
they do it like Melee, where they show the, you know,
silhouette, and it's like, your sweetest Ness is like,
haha, fuck you, you ain't getting Ness,
and there's mother is never gonna fucking come
to this console ever again, so.
All right, well, I have a few stories for you guys here,
starting off with a game I'm sure y'all are very excited
about, Just Dance 2015, right Dan?
Big fan of this series, right?
Not on Sega Genesis.
Just Dance 2015 will be out on the Wii and the Wii U,
that's right, the original Wii is still there.
Let's see, it's also on, it's on everything, honestly.
And it has some new songs that were announced
at Gamescom this week, including,
and I know Dan is a big fan of all these artists,
4x4 by Miley Cyrus, Ain't No Mountain High Enough
by Marvin Gaye, that's actually kinda cool.
That's cool.
Let's see, Macarena by The Girly Team,
so it's not just the Macarena,
it's a girly team cover of the Macarena.
Yeah, it's not by the original couple Macarena guys,
it just ain't the Macarena.
You Spin Me Round, like a record by Dead or Alive, which.
You're damn right.
That song's pretty fucking rad.
And last but not least, Best Song Ever by One Direction,
which I do not actually believe is the best song ever,
that is a lie.
The test revealed, that is a lie.
Moving on.
Wait, it says something about Shenmue up there.
That's right, because this next thing is about Shenmue.
Oh my God, that's why Sega.
How about an HD remake of Shenmue?
That's right, an HD remake of Shenmue is happening.
But here's the catch, it's happening by fans.
It is not actually something that is Sega endorsed,
which makes me question if it will actually happen at all.
Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and put a no on that.
See how fast this gets shut down.
But anyway, there's some YouTubes up there.
The creator, Nkun Kid, is using the original
background modeling that was in Shenmue, but new textures.
And the model for Ryo Hazuki is taken from
the Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing.
So, kinda interesting how they're doing that.
So if you wanna see more, you can go to YouTube for that
for the fan-made HD Shenmue remake.
Which in our chat room, we have Fifth Dream saying,
fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck no, God damn it.
No, that was like awesome for like 20 seconds.
I was like, this is the best day, no.
Yu Suzuki is gonna find that guy and kick him in the head.
Yu Suzuki, by the way, still has every intention
of finishing Shenmue, he just needs fat cash.
Black Wolf in chat says, the fans are going to Sega
saying, hey mister, wanna wrestle?
And Sega will be like, yes, okay, you're dead.
Fifth Dream in chat says,
know where I can find a lawsuit around here?
All right.
Why doesn't Sega like Kickstarter, Shenmue 3?
Because if they don't wanna spend...
When Sega goes to Kickstarter, they're gonna be like,
you're fucking Sega, you don't eat Kickstarter.
But they make the money on it.
Well, cause the problem is that Sega can't afford
to bankroll a game that's gonna cost like $40 million.
Maybe if they stretched out his legs a little longer,
he might be viable as a character for these new consoles.
Like if Sega were to launch a Kickstarter like that though,
I'd be like, seriously?
Maybe Yu Suzuki should just do it himself.
How about where the fuck is Phantasy Star Online 2
in the US already?
Oh yeah, well fuck that.
Yeah, fuck that.
All right, well, I guess I could always play this MMO.
As I mentioned earlier in the show,
World of Warcraft, Warlords of Draenor
had its release date revealed,
which is November 13th, 2014 is the day it's coming out.
And if you're interested in getting the collector's edition,
you can pick that up for,
now the official price hasn't been announced,
but Amazon and GameStop are showing it at $90,
which seems to be accurate.
And-
Survey says ding, ding, ding, ding.
This is, I believe,
I don't know about the collector's edition,
but I know the retail was supposed to be $10 more
than it has been in the past.
And I'm kind of sitting here going, for what?
But anyhow, some of the things that you can get
in the collector's edition,
you get the physical DVD version of the expansion.
Those are collector's items these days.
A behind the scenes DVD and Blu-ray two disc set
that gives you some commentary and interviews
that you'll never watch.
The soundtrack, you get the soundtrack on CD.
That's pretty cool.
You get an art book for your coffee table
with 160 page art book.
It's something that you put in the computer
and then rip to your iTunes
or whatever your music thing of choice.
You get a mouse pad because every collector's edition
has had a stinking mouse pad with it.
This one featuring the Warlord Blackhand.
And some things you get in the game itself,
a Dread Raven Mount and a Dread Hatchling pet,
excuse me.
And you get portraits for Starcraft two,
Warsong Pennant for Diablo three
and a card back for Hearthstone
because we love that Blizzard synergy.
How about give us a good game?
I, well, it's not that I-
And it all comes in an oversized box.
That'll take up a lot of room on your shelf.
That's right.
I don't know.
I don't want to say that World of Warcraft is a bad game
because I've spent years of my life playing it
and having a good time.
The right people will always make a game fun, I think.
But it's just one of those things where it's like,
I just really disagree with the direction
the game's been going in lately
and the way they've been pacing content,
which is not at all.
But anyway, I can do a whole nother rant on this
and I probably will on this week's courthouse.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, for people who have been paying attention
to Mortal Kombat X, Kano has been teased now.
There was a trailer acquired by Eurogamer Portugal
who said that there were three different versions
of Kano to be seen.
One is a cutthroat version
that allows him to power up his knife attacks
with his cybernetic heart.
Then there's a full cybernetic version
that gives him a bunch of weaponry
and then the commando variation where he becomes a grappler.
So I don't know how I feel about that.
There's also a jungle stage
because every Mortal Kombat has a stage with trees.
They're probably evil.
And then there is going to be a Super Smash Brothers,
a 3DS bundle that will be out October 3rd.
It is red with all the characters on the cover
and black and white or very, very grayscale,
you know, pick renditions of the characters
over a red background with red and black lettering.
And it's a limited edition as they all are.
And it comes with it installed on a 3DS XL
so that you won't actually have a physical copy of it at all.
Also, last but not least,
Metal Gear Solid 5, The Phantom Pain
and Ground Zeroes are coming to Steam.
So, good.
Oh, nice.
That's kind of cool.
We get to play the Phantom trailer.
Nice.
All right, let's do the FUGL question of the week.
Every week here on the show,
you take Facebook and Google Plus
and slam them together and you get FUGL.
This week, our question had to do with demos,
since I know PT was on our minds,
which we talked about earlier in the show.
So we asked our communities,
when was the last time you got really hyped for a game demo?
Did you ever buy something else just to get a demo
of a game you were really looking forward to?
So let's start on Facebook tonight with Tech 2030,
who says, back in 07,
I bought Crackdown just to play the Halo 3 beta
and I ended up liking Crackdown better than Halo 3.
I don't think you were the only one in that case.
Alan Alchemy said, let's get this one out of the way.
The Omega hyped Final Fantasy 7 demo
that came with Square Fighter Tow Ball number one.
Yes.
And yes, I did buy it for that reason.
Though, to be fair, Tow Ball number one and Einhander
are the two top abandoned Square franchises
I'd wish to come back to.
Aw, Einhander.
Tow Ball number two wasn't that bad.
They came with a demo as well.
I thought the Tow Ball games were actually really cool.
DJ Rama S kind of chimed in there with a nice hearty yass
to agree with that comment saying,
I bought Tow Ball number one
just to get the Final Fantasy 7 demo.
Worth it.
DarkTetsuya said three
for the Tow Ball and Final Fantasy 7 demo.
Also want to add the official PlayStation magazine's
Metal Gear Solid 1 demo blew my mind back in 1998.
Ah, he stole my answer.
That was, I remember when that was PlayStation magazine.
That demo blew my fucking mind when I was younger.
What about Zone of the Enders?
I don't remember that playing that demo.
That came with the Metal Gear Solid 2 demo.
Do you remember what the demo
that came with Final Fantasy 7 was?
That came with Final Fantasy 7?
No demo came with Final Fantasy 7.
There was Musashi Den.
No.
Didn't it come with?
That had the demo for eight.
That was it, that was the reverse.
It was already like three or four discs.
Where were they going to put the demo?
Up your butt.
Robert K. said-
I don't think that would have had the proper effect.
Robert K. starts his answer with,
after being a staunch Sega fan boy,
does he have your attention, Dan?
The Tomb Raider 2 demo that came with PlayStation magazine
made me buy a PlayStation just to play it.
Yeah, see, see what happened?
See what happened?
Sony stole that shit.
Bonus Sega answer,
reserving a copy of the Sega magazine
just for Christmas nights.
I miss magazine demos.
Christmas nights came with like every magazine too.
I think I probably had like three copies.
Although-
We only got one left.
Keep in mind, Robert K.'s overseas.
Robert K., you the man.
We have a Japanese one too.
Overseas, they appreciate Sega.
In Europe, they fucking love Sega.
They love it.
Nintendo was an afterthought in Europe.
You know what else they love in Europe?
Commodore 64.
Commodore 64 is really neato.
You know what else they love in Europe?
What?
Marmite.
No, no, no.
That's in Australia.
Moving on.
That's Vegemite.
You think Vegemite.
All right.
Fuck you.
Degenerate Johnny says,
back in the mid-90s, I subscribed to PC Gamer,
which came with PC demos almost every issue.
Although some demos were quite good,
none of them excited me
more than the Aliens vs. Predator PC demo.
As the player, you were offered the option
to play through the demo
as either the Marine, Alien, or Predator.
It came out during the time
in which AVP hype was at its highest.
To this day, the demo and the game
rank quite high amongst my favorite FPSs.
Andy R said,
I bought the Dragon Quest game
that came with the Final Fantasy 12 demo on it.
It was eight, wasn't it?
It came with the 12 demo.
I think it was.
Now, Alan decided to throw in two more answers here.
He's hogging the segment tonight,
but I will mention this
because he says,
Brave Fencer Musashi for Final Fantasy 8.
So that was the other one there.
So, and Jason, our buddy VXJ6V,
replied to that with a little up arrow saying,
yep, Final Fantasy 8.
I also remember being hyped
to play the Final Fantasy 8 demo,
though not owning a PlayStation at the time
meant I had to play it at a friend's house.
The Halo 3 demo included with Crackdown
is the only other one that comes to mind.
Plus, Crackdown was an amazing game on its own.
Let's check out some of the answers from Google Plus,
because believe it or not,
there's people on Google Plus.
Actually, we have quite a few answers
on Google Plus tonight.
Now, as part of the article,
I linked my YouTube,
where I did my playthrough of the PT demo,
which also got some response,
as Renee from Google Plus,
Renee Y.
We love her.
DNL from the DDR Freak days, if I remember right.
Renee said,
loved watching Sky get scared witless during the stream.
I haven't been so hyped since Silent Hill 3, honestly,
but did anyone else feel like PT was a scarier
but less thought out Stanley parable?
Like some puzzles were too hard
while others were really obvious.
ActDeft replied and said,
I remember buying the official PlayStation magazine
just to get a demo disc with the DDR Max 1 US demo.
I played that demo disc a lot.
Curiously enough,
the featured game in the demo disc was Sly Cooper,
which I didn't know about back then.
And when I played it,
got really hyped for the game
and a bit of a fan of the series since.
Flaco Jones replies,
my mind goes to the Metal Gear Solid 2 demo
that was bundled in with Zone of the Enders
on PlayStation 2.
You're damn right.
It was fantastic and better yet,
it was based on the Japanese version,
which ended up being a little racier
and more fun than the eventual opening level
in the finalized American version.
We drove all the way down to San Francisco
to buy the import of Zone of the Enders
so we can get the Metal Gear Solid 2 demo.
That's pretty hot.
Redertainment says,
the only time I've bought a game
to get a demo for another game
is when I bought Dragon Quest 8
to get the demo for Final Fantasy 12.
This is the only time I've done something like this,
including things like seeing movies to see a trailer,
watching a TV show to see something for another show,
or paying for a concert to see an opening act.
Last but not least,
I think this is Brozime,
but it could be Brozime,
but I'm gonna guess Brozime replies and says,
I've never purposely bought a game for a demo,
but I do remember being quite happy
when I was told by a friend my copy of Crackdown
had the Halo 3 demo with it.
So it seems like the Crackdown Halo 3 thing
seems to be the most popular answer.
Anybody in studio, open forum on this answer,
especially if you can think of one that hasn't been named yet
demo and game combo.
There was one that,
a demo that got me excited for the game,
even though I didn't go out of my way to get the demo.
And that was for Jumping Flash,
right when the PlayStation was new.
And I just remember playing that one level of Jumping Flash
on the demo over and over and over and over.
And then I actually went on purpose and got,
I paid like a buck because I could,
to get the demo version for Um Jammer Lamy.
Before.
Oh yeah, that's an awesome demo.
Cause it's got a lot of like weird content on it.
Yeah, and it basically has all of the music
in the game on it.
And it's just sort of locked out.
So it's weird.
So I ripped all the music from the game.
Well didn't it have like the change stuff
from when she dies?
Yeah, it had like the rap about being in hell
and everything for the Chop Chop Master Onion.
The Zoe,
the Zoe Metal Gear Solid 2 demo is the ultimate expression.
I did do the Tobaal number one
and Final Fantasy 7 thing too.
I mean, I bought both of those games for retail release
because of the demo discs they came with.
Both decent games.
Zoe.
Oh, what was, what game came with the,
the first Devil May Cry demo disc?
That was a really good one too.
Oh hell, I don't remember.
But yeah, the one where it's all like strange and ironic
that it should end the same way.
Oh man, that was such a good demo.
Loki, anything?
I do have one that hasn't been mentioned yet.
I imported the Japanese Blu-ray for Advent Children
for Final Fantasy 13.
I remember that.
I remember that.
That was a good one.
This might be a little bit outside the scope
but since my Metal Gear Solid answer got taken,
I have to go this direction.
But I remember it wasn't so much necessarily
about buying a game to get the demo,
but I remember calling into the BBS
and sitting there watching my modem download for an hour
so I could play the Wolfenstein 3D demo.
Fuck yeah, nice.
Episode one.
And then what was after that?
Like there was, you used to get the episode one stuff
all the time, it was Commander Keen,
but there were some huge ones like Doom.
The original Doom had like the first couple levels
were playable in Doom.
Yeah, I always have the fucking config sys
and my goddamn auto zet bat.
The right memory allocated in the right spot.
Yeah, so even though it wasn't necessarily
buying a game to get another game,
you still had to invest something just to play the demo
just to get a taste.
Yeah, it was the distribution.
It was like that 3D Realms Apogee distribution method.
Exactly.
Hey, it worked.
Everybody had the first couple levels of Doom.
It was awesome though,
when PC gamers start putting full games in there.
So they have like total annihilation
was one of the ones that they had in there at one time.
And it's just, I always love just like,
I just buy a PC gamer all the time
just for whatever free shit they had on their disc.
I remember when magazine started giving,
like there was a weird thing with Sega specifically
where they gave away disc one of Shining Force 3
and it's like a four disc game.
They just threw the first disc in the,
and like with the magazine.
Wow.
So that you would have that first,
like third or quarter of the game.
Wow.
And then want to invest in it.
I think they did the same for Panzer Saga,
Panzer Dragoon Saga,
which is amazing because the game's got a production run
of like seven units.
Right.
But not the first disc,
cause there's plenty more out there.
There's at least 12 more.
Good answers tonight.
Good answers tonight you guys.
Thanks for participating.
If you want to answer a future FUGL question,
they go up on Sunday morning afternoon-ish.
Be in our Facebook community,
facebook.com slash OrangeLivesRadio
or our Google Plus community.
Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
We should bring back Jumping Flash.
Props by the way,
to the Google Plusters this week.
You guys, there was quite a few of you this week.
You're showing the Google Plus love.
All right.
Let's move on with some more stories.
We have a few.
There's actually one last thing.
Yeah.
SSJ100 Matt says,
I'd subscribe to the Dreamcast magazine
just for their demo discs.
So did.
I mean the CD era really ushered in those demo,
cause I mean,
it's not like you were going to have demo cartridges.
I mean.
Well, you know,
there was one month in the place,
the official PlayStation magazine,
where there was like one demo disc
that had the warehouse level of Tony Hawk Pro Skater.
I think it had a track on Gran Turismo.
It had that Metal Trip demo.
I remember that one.
And that demo disc had so much gameplay in it.
Like I probably played that disc
more than I played any retail release for years.
I played the demo,
it was for Cool Borders.
I think the very first Cool Borders,
I played that demo like,
I don't even know how many times.
It would be just after school,
just be playing that damn thing over and over,
the same level over and over.
Oh yeah, and you could master it.
I mean, because there was so much you could do.
I remember the demo for Spy Hunter for PS2.
I could beat the first level.
I could beat every single possibility on it.
But there was like just a couple of those demos
from that glory time of the PlayStation one,
where it's like,
that demo disc had three or four AAA hall of fame games
on it.
And you could play those levels for hours.
Yeah, it was awesome.
If you were broke and bored, which it was.
All right.
So,
Not on Sega, but still good.
Kickstarter, you see a lot of, you know,
games being backed and funded on their wall.
Not Shenmue.
Well, not Shenmue, but the,
I guess the original creators of Night Trap
are trying to bring out an HD remake of the game,
or not remake, but HD remaster of the game.
And they're seeking, what was it?
$330,000 or some arbitrary amount.
Yeah, $330,000.
Ridiculously too low.
I mean,
Exactly.
Oh man, this is hilarious.
So they want $330,000 and they're seeing,
I mean, they're promising the world here.
They're saying that they're going to actually print discs
and they're going to put them out in cardboard sleeves
and, you know, for game consoles,
which I don't even know if the game publishers
will let them,
like the manufacturers will let them do that.
Here's the thing.
It's not a high def version of Night Trap.
They're basically saying that they want to
re-shoot the movie.
I don't think they're re-shooting.
They're taking the 35 millimeter footage.
Apparently they say it's like 4K or even like,
they can re-
Oh, so they're just going to reuse.
Yeah, they're going to reuse the footage
because apparently the footage that was in,
the footage that they shot was at a much,
much higher quality than was actually available
to be displayed in the game.
I mean, if it's 35 millimeter, it's good,
but my understanding was they wanted to re-shoot the game,
rebuild the game,
rebuild a game engine and publish it for consoles.
And they wanted to do this for 300K.
And then they still needed to buy the rights
to use the Night Trap franchise.
No, they already bought the rights.
They spent a quarter million dollars on that.
So that $300,000, 250,000 of it is repaying them back.
Yeah, see that's why, okay, that's right.
So that's what I was saying is that
that is scammy as hell.
Because you know, they paid like 16 bucks for those rights
and managed to somehow get a $200,000 receipt.
With all due respect,
as I realized the original creators of Night Trap
are involved with this Kickstarter.
Which was by the way, Rob, on Genesis.
Yeah, yes.
But with all due respect,
I have no interest in seeing this Kickstarter succeed.
And I don't actually think it's a good thing at all
because let's be real and having come off just,
taking your wife out on a quote unquote friend date
to see Showgirls at the movie theater.
Night Trap is kind of the Showgirls of the video game world.
It is, it's definitely.
It's something that's so bad.
It's kind of good,
but that means you leave it in its original badness.
It doesn't need to be redone.
It's gonna lose something.
Let's stop for a second.
Has anyone in this room ever actually sat down,
owned and or played Night Trap besides me?
Not owned, but a friend of mine had it.
So I played it at my friend's house.
I mean, have you seriously sat down
to try to play Night Trap with any degree of proficiency?
I don't know on what scale of, but I mean, yeah,
we sat down and tried to play a little bit.
Did you try to beat Night Trap?
Night Trap is kind of a cool game.
The idea behind Night Trap is that literally
you're monitoring the house and you're triggering traps
to take out monsters before they kill people.
It's a great idea.
It was definitely ahead of its time.
And it wasn't going to be good
because it was shot as a super, super B movie,
starring a B movie actress who killed herself
and a bunch of B movie actors and actresses.
But Night Trap isn't a bad game for what it is,
which is a bad game.
Exactly.
But the thing with this is it's not even about
the quality of Night Trap or not because I would love
somehow to see Night Trap released as a DLC
or as a downloadable game, even put on a disc,
maybe even as a budget title, maybe even as a full release,
but, and maybe even reshot, but these guys aren't doing it.
These guys are trying to get people to give them money
and they have absolutely no,
like they bought the Night Trap rights and they're like,
how the fuck do we get some money back out of this?
Oh, well, yeah, we'll make a game.
Yeah, we'll make a game out of it.
And we're going to charge you for the rights.
And I just, if somebody paid $250,000 for the rights
of Night Trap, man, they ought to be kicked in the balls
until they explode.
I mean, I'm sure it's the guy from Digital Pictures
who is just, you know, his glory days.
It was a bunch of old people.
Like I seriously don't know who these guys are.
His glory days are 30 years behind them.
I don't even know if they have like any programmers
or anything, it's just a bunch of like these.
Yeah, no, it's just, it is.
Let me get to some comments from our chat room
over at live.vognetwork.com.
Ragenator says, the closest thing to Night Trap
that I've played was Wing Commander 3 and 4.
The only thing those games have in common
is it's part of the full motion video PC craze
and CD system craze at the time.
There's really otherwise not a lot of similarities
I can think of.
Wing Commander 3 had kind of an awesome flight game
to go with the cheesy CGI.
SSJ100Matt says, I beat Night Trap at a party
a few years ago with friends, eventually.
I never owned it because my parents caught wind
of the original scandal and wouldn't let me get it.
Tigerclaw says, double switch was the closest
to Night Trap actually.
So there's some comments from our chat room over at live.
Double switch, that game's also insanely awesomely bad.
I had so many of those Sega C,
I mean, I probably still have a bunch of them,
but I had Night Trap, I had Tomcat Alley,
I had double switch.
You know, I loved the FMV games for what they were.
I didn't walk into it going,
this is gonna be the next generation in gaming.
It was just something different.
Sewer Shark, you know.
I remember Sewer Shark.
Welcome to the sewers, punk.
I can still do that entire opening monologue from that game.
Well, maybe not, but I could.
I'd walk around Taco Bell doing it
and all my coworkers would just be like, fucking Dan.
All right, let me move on.
I want to talk quickly about a new BioWare game,
which should have Jamie's ears perking up a little bit,
except this has nothing to do with Mass Effect or Dragon Age.
Sorry.
I heard the Mass Effect guy.
Yes he did.
He was like, fuck you.
That was last week's news, Dan.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say it
because I know my wife loves Mass Effect
and this probably fucks up her good time.
Ah, take that.
I'd probably think he contributed to the-
Mass Effect can eat me.
It's not on Sega Genesis.
Watch your volume, Dan.
All right.
Shadow Realms is the name of the game from BioWare.
It is a 4v1 game.
Another one between Evolve-
Four versus one?
Yeah, between Evolve and the new Fable game
and what Pac-Man Versus.
Throwing it way back.
Pac-Man Versus is incredible.
I know, right?
All of a sudden everybody's like,
I want to make Pac-Man Versus in my franchise.
That's a good idea.
I want to have a fighting game that's 4v1,
but just it's like completely unfair.
Just like, you know, the one person-
It already is completely unfair.
It's four versus one.
Pac-Man Versus is an awesome game.
We should hook that up and play.
We should.
Right now.
We should do a Twitch stream of that.
It'd be so much fun.
Fuck yes.
Yes.
I have his Elgato capture card.
I just never use it.
All right.
Elgato es en fuego.
Moving on, Shadow Realms.
A 4v1 story-driven online action RPG
with dynamic co-op missions in a evolving BioWare world.
There's supposed to be new episodes
that'll be released through this as well.
So it's a new IP for BioWare.
So that's pretty cool that it's a new IP.
That did come out of Gamescom.
You can register for the alpha at shadowrealms.com slash alpha
and I'm sure a lot of you guys
are going to be signing up for that.
So pretty cool.
Sounds like it could be,
especially if it's like story-driven.
I'm curious how the 4v1 aspect of that works with that,
but check it out.
Be cool.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we've been keeping up
with the whole net neutrality bullshit
that's been going on.
This one's a really interesting one.
Basically Comcast and Time Warner had $132,000 in donations
for an event that honored the current FCC commissioner
and then pulled it when said commissioner,
Min Young Clyburn,
basically made a bunch of accusations
against the companies that were trying to become one giant
ISP and buy his vote on the merger.
So pretty much, yeah, that's what they were trying to do
and they just pretty much made themselves look shittier.
People from Comcast and Time Warner, by the way,
donating 132,000 to anything,
that's like their pocket change.
But still the fact that they pulled said pocket change.
And you know, it's Comcast really getting dogged on a lot
in the news lately with all these people
recording the customer service calls.
I just saw one today on the front page like Yahoo
or news.google or something where it was like,
the dude was on hold for three hours
until the customer service center closed
and he had like the little timer running on his phone
to prove it like just-
It's a giant company of dicks.
Comcast-
To be fair, also the internet service provider
powering our show tonight that keeps dropping.
They are the best internet service provider
in our part of the world
because we can't get Verizon, Fios and shit like that.
God, like if you have to call Comcast customer service,
they will happily fuck up your account
for months and months and months.
And every month you call up and you're just like,
God damn it, reverse the late charge, it's your fault.
I will kill your faith.
This is basically though,
what the official Comcast VP of Community Investment said.
We have-
It's a bribe.
You know it, I know it.
Let's just get it out in the open.
We have great respect and admiration
for FCC Commissioner, Min Young Clyburn,
and for the Kites Foundation and its work.
We do not want either the Commissioner or Kites
to fall under a shadow as a result of our support
for the diversity in cable industry,
which is why we are withdrawing our support for the donor.
Pay off.
They just figured out a way to do it under the table.
I, yeah, well, I'm kind of done, so.
Jamie's just sitting over there going dot, dot, dot.
Can I tell my funny Comcast story here?
Cause this is hilarious.
Fuck yeah.
So, you know, I just moved from the apartment
to this house not that long ago, right?
So, I had my service moved, my Comcast service,
but I don't know why they did it this way.
They set up a new account for me completely,
closed it, then did another one.
So I've had like three accounts with Comcast.
I ended up getting a check in the mail from them
for money that I guess somehow was not spent
or like a refund.
And I actually had to call them to be like,
can I cash this check?
Cause like you just moved my service
from one place to another.
Then I got a bill for the device.
No, that was never returned.
The device that they said was never returned
because I moved it from one place to the other.
So I called them and got that worked out.
And finally they figured that out.
I mean, to their credit, they fixed it.
But to this day, I still get mail forwarded
from my old address.
That's like, you should sign up for Comcast again.
We miss you and dah, dah, dah.
And I'm like, you guys, I moved my service.
It shouldn't be that complicated.
I've got two awesome Comcast stories.
All right, quickly, quickly.
Number one is like yours.
All right.
When we were in the old house
where you guys used to do the show
and we had terrible service
cause I didn't own my own modem
or deal five or pay the big money.
Yeah.
When we moved to the house that we're in now,
Comcast fucked up my billing for like six months.
And this is like every month I had to call in.
The other one was just like your second story.
Comcast calls me one day we're living in a house
and some lady in terrible broken English.
And I'm sure she was just doing her best.
Was just like, hello, is Danielle Devrina there?
And I'm like, this is Dan Devrend.
Oh, hello, Mrs. Devrena.
We understand that you don't have Comcast service.
I'm like, my name is Dan Devrend and I do have Comcast.
Okay, thank you.
Click.
Awesome.
To be fair, and even though I dog on them,
I did actually call them this week to try to camp.
Well, we got AT&T, AT&T came up to our door
and they're like, okay, here, we can give you internet
and TV for basically $1 less than you paid right now.
You didn't say yes, did you?
No, I didn't say yes.
Oh, thank God.
Because their TV package was like their family package.
So it's all these family channels.
Their internet is so, well, you do have a family.
Their internet is so bad that it'll give you cancer.
Well, it's the fiber internet now
that they have running through.
It's 35.
Remember when someone cooked a fiber optic cable
in our neighborhood, sweetie?
Remember when someone cut the fiber optic cable
in our neighborhood?
Yeah, we got like two months of service out of that.
I mean, service.
They were trying to stop this show.
But anyways, they crashed into it.
They did offer like, they're all, hey,
we'll give you a TV package and double your internet speed
and give you HBO free for a year for like $4 more.
Tell them you want an iPad.
I don't want an iPad.
It sounds like people will give you a fucking iPad.
Yeah, they will.
The AT&T TV.
No, the AT&T, they wanted to give me a,
like it was a Google Nexus tablet or something.
It'll be an iPad second gen.
Fuck no.
It is an Xbox.
No, no, they give you the mini.
What, you mean the one that's in my hand?
Like an Xbox 360, a 32 inch TV
or like a Google Nexus 3 or something like that.
And I was like, man.
You and I both know that's on your list to upgrade.
You should give me a Mercedes, yes, it definitely is.
All right.
Nintendo's got some.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100 Matt says, poor Danielle.
I know, I feel real bad for her
because she apparently does not have Comcast.
And that was back when they had just started
the cable modem and I mean, it was so good.
Like I called Comcast as soon as I found out
that that exists and was like, can I get that at my house?
And they're like, yes.
And I'm like, come and take my money right now.
Then the guy was going to try to give me
some extra network cards and a supervisor
because it was like one of his first installs.
Like just cock slapped him.
It was brutal.
He's like, dude, I just got in trouble
for trying to hook you up with free shit.
I'm like, dude, tell your supervisor he's a dick.
The guy just busted up laughing.
That's when we lived in the hood.
But when we got our cable modem,
that like revolutionized our life.
It was so good.
Because before that, we paid for two phone lines.
We had two AOL accounts.
When OLR first started, it was on DSL.
Oh man, well, this is pre-OLR.
This is when we still lived like,
this is before we even knew you guys, right?
Probably right around the time we met you guys.
This is when we still were at the tail end of dial-up, right?
I remember the house she lived in.
The first time I ever met you, Dan,
you and your friends were over playing,
having a LAN party, a local area Nintendo party.
And you had like eight TVs hooked up,
all playing The Legend of Zelda.
And you were doing like a speed run.
Oh, I dominated that night too.
It was so good.
That was where I lived in the hood house.
Yeah, we lived in the fucking get-to.
You gotta do that again, because I want in.
We should do that like tonight.
I gotta work tomorrow, fool.
Fuck, Colin.
I'm doing an admin day tomorrow, so y'all can suck it.
How about you suck?
Nevermind.
All right, as much as I love the Comcast Bitch Hour,
we do have more games to discuss, which is just-
Comcast Bitch Radio!
Loki.
All right, so this is pretty sweet.
No Man's Sky's gonna be a pretty ambitious game.
And this is one of those stories that like,
hey, let's throw a cool statistic and talk about it.
So here's the statistic.
You would need five billion years
to explore every planet in the game for one second.
So that's how much procedural-
That's probably bullshit.
But if that game is even half as good
as they're trying to say it's gonna be,
it might sell me a PS4.
Yeah.
That sounds fucking cool as shit.
I really do want this game.
It does sound pretty awesome.
And I already own a PS4, so I just-
And my PC's not gonna be good enough to run that.
You know, I need a PC.
Is it gonna be on PC?
I thought it was gonna be on PC.
Fuck the PlayStation 4.
Is it cross-play where PS4 people can play with PC people?
I have no idea.
Probably not.
Oh, Final Fantasy XIV doesn't.
It might be.
It might be because it's-
Microsoft's the one that doesn't play that game,
but you know, fuck them if they don't want to.
I think that's more like a square thing.
No, because, no, no, no.
Square's come out and said,
we would put Final Fantasy XIV on the Xbox One,
but Microsoft won't do the cross-server
and we're not having separate servers for Xbox One.
Right, Square is like, we're having one server.
And Sony's like, yes.
And Microsoft's like, no.
Exactly.
But I think that was-
But yet they did it for 11.
But I think this No Man's Sky thing is probably more like,
I don't know who's making it.
Is it Square?
Fuck, if it's Square,
it's strangely enough, it's actually, it's Hello Games.
They're the ones that did the,
was it that Motorcycle game?
The Joe Danger game.
Well, their office is flooded
during the production of this, right?
We're all familiar though with like what this is, right?
Like all your listeners are.
It's like an open space game.
It's awesome.
Yeah, sounds awesome.
Fucking sweet.
Let's see.
ActDeft in our chat says,
Dan sounds like the guy from Jet Set Radio.
Do you?
DJ Professor K, Jet Set Radio!
Ow, my ears.
Ow, ow, ow.
All right, a quick follow up
to something we had talked about last week.
This is GameStop announcing
their simplified trade-in pricing.
It is real.
That whole thing did happen.
So GameStop has 100 games worth $20 or more, they say.
So, I mean, I'm assuming that means-
Is that the press release?
Oh, sorry about that.
Yes, it is.
Is the press release through-
From a guy named Jason Cochran?
Jackie Smith says in contact.
I read one.
I threw that guy out of my store.
When he was my boss's boss,
he came in and was bitching at me.
I was just like,
if you got nothing better for me,
you just need to go.
And he just turned around and left.
My boss was like,
what the fuck did you just do?
I'm just like, I ain't got time for this.
That is awesome as hell.
You're hardcore.
It was amazing.
You're hardcore.
I love it.
All right.
So yeah, so-
What's that?
I said, hi, Mr. Vrena.
Mr. Vrena.
Oh, Alan just walked in and said,
hi, Mr. Vrena.
All right.
I do have Comcast, damn it.
So yeah, if you sell-
Anyway, you get a little more money
if you're a Powered Up Rewards pro member
and blah, de blah, de blah.
I still say sell them direct on eBay,
but if you want to take the easy way out,
you can.
All right.
Let's-
What?
I was saying, yeah.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah.
Let's get to the mailbag
because every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
And we read those emails live on air.
Now, by the way, so our podcast listeners know
because I threatened this last week.
I said, if we don't get four emails,
I'm going to play music from Kim Kardashian Hollywood
during the break.
Kim Kardashian Hollywood music
was played during the break tonight
because when I looked before the show,
we had three emails.
One came in during the show
and I decided because people like Bobby and Act F
were like, he won't do it.
He won't do it.
You know, don't send an email.
I decided to torture everybody anyway.
So just so you podcasties know,
the live listeners got tortured tonight.
I'm still thinking of a way to torture the rest of you.
Besides having Dan on the show.
Then again, Dan was on the show this week.
Yeah, yeah.
I self burned before you could burn me.
All right, fair enough.
Burn shield.
Burn heal.
Plus one resistance to burning.
You guys have been taking so long
that I actually had to refresh all the emails.
I'm trying to kill time
until her iPad's battery dies.
Dan uses burn heal.
It's super effective.
I'm gonna kill something other than time.
It's super effective.
All right, Jamie, do it.
Well, I actually have to load the emails now.
So we could fill more time talking about Sega Genesis.
Have we talked about blast processing?
Blast processing is great.
That iPad needs blast processing.
That iPad needs to be blasted.
What's up, Orange Lounge?
I attached another song for Loki to sample.
I actually like Jamie's opinion on the song the most.
Which I still haven't gotten the original email.
That first email that he attached never got forwarded to me.
So I need that or either that
or got lost in spam filter hell.
Is this from Ranma?
No, let me finish reading the damn email.
So I apologize.
I apologize for not getting back
because I have not actually heard the song yet.
Sorry, Robin Loki.
She's your show star.
What?
My question is pretty simple.
Why isn't Destiny going to be on PC?
Do you think it eventually will be?
Probably, maybe?
Yes, I think it will be on PC
just because it's so easy.
The port, you know, the PlayStation 4, Xbox One games
because they're x86 anyways.
So yes, it probably will eventually go on PC.
Especially if, well, yeah, why not?
The funny thing is,
Bungie really hadn't done any PC work
since they went over to the console side,
except for the PC version of what, Halo 2,
Halo 1?
Halo 1.
Thanks, Smile.
Hope you guys had a wonderful weekend
and I hope you have an amazing upcoming week.
Much love, EA Skeezy from Milwaukee.
PS, Jamie, I would love to someday
spend a weekend on your couch.
We'll rock some games and eat tacos
till our poop turns to salsa.
Ew, LOL.
Yeah, you ain't coming to my fucking house.
All right, thank you for forwarding that to me.
Just forwarded two emails to you.
Sweet, I appreciate it.
You can come stay on the couch
if you bring us some of that fine Wisconsin cheese.
Hello, OLR crew.
13x forever here.
Third time's a charm, I suppose.
I also apologize for a long email with the Lord.
So Trails, what?
Whatever, Dan.
So Trails in the Sky, AKA Sora No Kisuke,
is the first game in the Kiseki sub-series
of Legend of Heroes JRPG
from Falcom, Dragon Slayer, Ys, many other games.
Kiseki series is one of the biggest,
most popular JRPG series in Japan right now.
Trails in the Sky first came out in 2004 on PC in Japan.
It was so large that the developer split it into two games,
first chapter and second chapter respectively.
Later, it was ported to PSP and PS3.
So what makes this game series
to stand apart from other JRPGs?
First of all, it is more story-oriented
than the vast majority of JRPGs.
The story and world building is bread and butter
of this series,
which resulted in one of the most detail, alive,
and consistent world in any JRPG out there.
Scripts for these games are really,
really huge example script shots.
Flat characters, existential plot twists,
mute town crowd, not in these games.
You get your in-depth character.
Stop it, Dan.
I'm talking to Rob.
Stay focused on your story.
This is like an hour long.
This is actually the guy that tried to call in last week
and the internet sucked.
And yeah, we said email.
Yes, so that's why I'm happily reading this.
You get your in-game character development
from your main party members,
and then for half the NPCs in the world,
albeit a lot less detailed.
That's right, you can see how things are going
for a lot of town people after each main story advancement.
What's more, stories in each individual game
are intertwined not only with previous titles,
but with future ones as well.
You'd be surprised at how many instances
of foreshadowing were there in the beginning,
even for the latest games.
First game is relatively slow paced
and light on the battle system in many games.
There's a lot of introductory stuff for everything,
but it picks up speed fast right before the second chapter
and other aspects are greatly improved
in later games on the series.
Oh, did I mention background music?
It was great from the get-go
and it only got better ever since.
Now, why is all the hype?
Sadly, only Trails in the Sky FC for PSP
came out in the West.
That's it until just recently
when XSEED finally released
a greatly improved original PC version on Steam
with lots of enhancements and ported features
from handheld and console releases.
What is more important, they're localizing second chapter
and plan to release it at the end of the year,
maybe early 2015 on PC first,
and then the PSP version as well.
And if FC and SC of Trials in the Sky will sell well,
they're going to get the third chapter,
which is a new game that bridges Trails in the Sky
with the next installment, Zero slash Aonokisuki,
and GASP probably may be somehow the rest of the series.
In other words, every sold copy of Trails in the Sky,
first chapter, and more importantly, second chapter,
will have measurable impact on the probability
to see the whole series being localized in the West
for the first time ever.
In conclusion, these are really great game.
These are really great games
for a really low price of $19.99 on PC or PSP.
If you're interested in JRPGs at all,
you should try this game.
Your friendly neighborhood bracelet, 13X forever.
PS, sorry for the messed up email.
You can't go wrong with anything by Falcom.
I just downloaded Ease Origin, it's awesome.
I'm glad we got to give the game a proper shout out
cause he was denied that shout out last week, so hooray.
Yeah.
Hey, OLR, I've heard emails run to high demand,
so I decided to finally write in about something
I've been thinking about since the whole Ubisoft
no fem assassin debacle.
There are all kinds of ways that games implement the player
in deciding what goes on with the main character
ranging from almost none, Dead Space,
Rise of Evil, Strider, et cetera,
up to complete control over nearly everything,
including how the player looks
and often story related choices,
Elder Scrolls, Mass Effect, Dark Souls, Saints Row, et cetera.
My main question would be which type of,
which of the types do you generally enjoy more?
For those of you who answer complete control,
do you think it takes away from the narrative of the game
in some way since the events have to be planned out
in such a way as to allow so many
different types of characters?
Or do you think it's sort of irrelevant
and that we should always be able to create a character?
Then for the second part of this question in games
that have you create your own characters from scratch,
do any of you have a character already in mind
when you begin playing that you will use
across different game series?
Personally, I have a short roster of characters I'll create
that I've been using since I was about 18
with some new characters occasionally branching out.
Pause.
I really don't care as long as the story's good,
although I really do love putting a lot of time
into character creation.
There really are pros and cons to both formats.
I think it's so hard to pick one or the other
because if I were to say that I only like it
when I can create my own character and do my own things,
I'd be saying I don't like Mario
or things like that as much.
There's great value in games like that.
But of course, I love the ones
where you can make your own character too.
Especially in a genre like role-playing,
I think it works very well there.
I mean, I wouldn't expect necessarily in an action game
I can do that.
Although I would think that in a multiplayer action,
which is why the Ubisoft thing got a lot of crap,
you would have a variety of characters to choose from,
but I digress.
I don't mind the lack of openness
in certain genres of games.
But at the end of the day, is the game good?
Yes or no?
That's the most important thing.
I do like to make characters though.
I'm gonna be honest.
I make characters usually that look like me.
The characters I usually make, not always.
Or I'll do a girl that looks nothing like me.
Well, I would like to tell the letter writer
because there was a note added,
you should read the first part silently before allowed.
Please, I don't want to impose on you or the show.
You should have put that up at the beginning of the email
because I don't read the emails before I read the emails.
I think he meant the rest of the email though.
There's something else that he put after that.
It said the first part.
I think he means the second part.
If you actually look at it, it says,
it's fine, you can read it.
I looked at it before the show and it's fine.
He was worried about making a cheap plug on there.
It's fine.
I recently started a YouTube channel,
partly inspired by OLR and sometimes my favorite YouTuber.
So I'd like to invite anybody that's interested
in video game related content to come check it out
since I'm trying to figure out what people want to see.
And the chat seems to always be reasonable,
fun people to interact with.
It's Brozime on YouTube.
Also, I hope to be in chat tonight, but no promises
as I usually work quite late Sundays.
Love the show, Brozime.
There you go.
I think it's reasonable and fun people on YouTube.
They're all a bunch of trolling, hacky assholes.
Oh, I come on on YouTube a lot.
I'm happy to promote your YouTube channel,
especially when you kiss up a little bit and be like,
you know, it's inspired by OLR.
I don't mind plugging people, I'm fine with that.
It's not in position.
No, in all seriousness,
best of luck with your YouTube channel.
I love, you know, I support indie broadcasting in all forms.
What about walking around your neighborhood
with a megaphone?
I'm broadcasting right now live from Rob's house
where all of his neighbors can hear me.
I don't want the police call.
That is probably the stupidest thing you've ever said.
You know what?
I can think of another stupid thing that I said
that consisted of two words when we got married.
And by the way- No way?
By the way, Brozime's in chat saying,
I meant the second, sorry, sorry, sorry.
So he's beeping up all the time.
By the way, I love this guy.
We know what you meant.
Jamie doesn't know what you meant.
I know that you can sit and spin.
She's walking home from the show tonight.
No, I'm not.
Do we have another email?
Yes.
Last email.
This is from Robert M.
I wonder what effect the changes
in Twitch's terms of service will have to salty bet,
even though when Moogan channel
is almost entirely focused on live feed
rather than archived content.
The prospect of betting on games
that have already taken place
seems even more silly slash dangerous
than buying a DVD of world poker jar.
People bet on games on Twitch?
That's fucking brilliant.
It's fake money.
It's monopoly money.
It's fun.
No, but that's amazing.
I mean, fake money, real money, that's inspired.
You seriously need to watch it
because it's all those independently made
Moogan characters fighting each other.
So they have ridiculous shit all the time.
And you sign up and you get like X amount
of salty bucks or whatever.
And then you bet on it.
But it's difficult to win a lot of times.
Now is it real players or is it computer versus computer?
Holy shit, I've got to check this out.
Remember when we did that for WrestleMania 2000?
Yeah, we ran the entire card,
and in a lot of ways it was accurate.
And they do that every year.
Like they do the Madden bullshit like that.
You know, and I was like, Twitch is all,
you know, earlier on I'm like, Twitch is awesome.
Twitch legitimizes our hobby.
Twitch gives everyone a chance to kind of show off
and it gives everyone a chance to see people showing off.
I think that's amazing until we fuck it up
and fucking it up would be real gambling.
However, if somebody has managed to turn it into a game,
that's like the best thing ever.
They turned a game into another game.
I am totally checking this shit.
They took parts from games,
they turned into a game into another game
about betting on games.
As far as the email goes though,
I think you hit the nail on the head.
It doesn't matter because like 98% of it is live based.
You know, you're not going to bet on matches
that have already taken place.
So I think it's okay.
Are they going to not let you broadcast live?
Is that kind of the trick?
No, you can broadcast live.
It's the highlights you can only save in two hour chunks.
Although I believe they ended up getting rid of those,
but they're not going to keep your videos on file
for all time, unless you specifically make a highlight.
Which is fair.
Yeah, which is totally fair.
Vast, vast amounts of storage.
Yeah.
Dungeon Buster says in chat,
I bet on Akuma and he was wrecked by a school girl
with a magic cat, I think.
Yeah, it's very difficult to pick.
They're like, there's all the rules in there.
It's like always bet on Dragon Ball Z
and never bet on Dragon Ball Z.
Never bet on Akuma because he takes damage
twice as fast as every other character
and never bet against a school girl with a magic cat
because she will fuck your shit up.
All right.
That's it for emails tonight, yes?
Fifth dream says always bet waifu.
Always bet on black.
Yeah, that's it.
All right, participate at orangelaundry.com.
If you want to send us an email in a future week,
I would appreciate it.
Let's go, Jamie probably won't
because then she has to read it,
but who says we were here to make Jamie's life easy?
I mean, dance here in studio tonight, people.
All right.
Love you, Jamie.
XOXO.
Love you, mean it.
Damn, you better get me a burrito after the show.
Let's go to the FUs of the week.
FU to the intensely negative world around us
and the fact that I came very close
to just wanting to sit back and watch it all burn
until I remember that there are truly good people
in the world.
And me, and me.
Yes, except Loki, sorry, Loki, you're kind of okay.
That's not good.
That's fine.
I'll stick with him.
FU to Rob for making fun of his,
for trying to, you know, rub in my face
that he has a signed poster that I don't even want,
but I'm going to steal now just to prove that I can.
Fine.
Also, FU to the ghost bitch in PT that ate me.
I made her scream and pee.
I did pee.
We checked the trousers later.
Doesn't like one of the,
like doesn't like ghost thing or whatever,
like pee on you or something.
Cause I remember watching, you know.
It sounds like it.
It sure sounds like it.
Oh, it's they're eating flesh.
They're rending.
Then I'm like, it sounds like you're getting drained upon.
Watch out because if you talk about this game three times,
then Shane will instantly be summoned.
Like he'll just appear.
And then the ghost pissed from her ocular cavity.
Okay.
Am I the oldest yourself so I married an axe murderer?
The only one who liked it.
Bullshit.
Like three other people did.
Anyways, moving on. Bullshit.
FU to Jamie for liking the old Michael,
Mike Myers movie.
So I married an axe murderer.
FU because you're being a dick.
Me because I'm being a dick.
All right.
Is that it for your refuse, Dan?
Probably.
All right, Loki.
FU for spilling Genesis wrong.
Loki.
I guess just.
Fuck that guy.
I guess just FU to being hot.
It's like hot in here.
I don't know.
Sorry. I have the fan on.
Are you pre-menopausal?
No, it's just this.
This is a wooden chair and it doesn't breathe.
He's got himself on this wall.
Do what I do.
I stand up during the show.
I should start doing that.
Yeah.
All right.
My FU of the week goes to the Sega Genesis
because I didn't have one.
You know what?
Sega Genesis F's you back.
Also my FU of the week goes to mood swings.
Yay.
All right.
That's it.
Just a couple more stories.
And then we're going to take your calls here real soon
at 1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
You can call in and talk to Dark Soccer,
Loki, myself or Dan, I guess.
All right, Loki.
So you may remember such games as,
well, actually it is one game, but Remember Me
was kind of a game that came out last year
and it was okay.
It was this sort of memory hacking,
I don't know what you would call it,
like futuristic brawler.
I don't know.
It was kind of strange.
But anyways, that company Dot Nod,
they're back with a brand new game called Life is Strange.
And it's kind of like,
they're kind of comparing it to like a butterfly effect.
You know, every action acts a butterfly effect.
But with the power to rewind time,
what would you change and what would you,
and what would it turn out to be,
change for the better or for worse?
So I don't know.
It sounds interesting.
It's scheduled to be out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One,
as well as PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
And yeah, they only have like a little bit of a teaser
for it, but it looks pretty.
I just don't know.
Speaking of which, I wanted to mention though,
totally aside from this,
you know, Quantum Break wasn't really on my radar.
It kind of looks stupid based off the first trailer
that they showed.
But man, that gameplay footage that they had
during the Microsoft press conference was fucking awesome.
That game looks sweet.
So looking forward to that.
That's it.
All right.
Lastly tonight, before we get to phone calls,
obviously there's been a lot of talk this week
when the world lost Robin Williams,
the fantastic, fantastic improv comic
that a lot of you, of course, I know absolutely adored,
as did we.
And he was also a gamer, as I'm sure a lot of you guys knew.
He had an active World of Warcraft account.
He appeared in Nintendo commercials
with his daughter, Zelda,
which was named after the Legend of Zelda.
So in gaming news,
how this is relevant to the gaming world,
besides the fact that Robin was one of us,
is the fact that gamers are sort of rallying
for memorializations of Robin Williams in various games.
There was a couple different change.org petitions
out there, one of them for Blizzard,
to memorialize Robin Williams in the game somehow.
And it sounds like Blizzard was pretty receptive to that.
Pretty quickly they said, you know,
we've got something in the works, you know,
you'll see it soon.
And I would think that Mork the York
would make a perfect addition to World of Warcraft,
who knows, who knows.
Anyhow, Nintendo also responded
to a similar change.org petition requesting
that Robin Williams be remembered in a future Zelda title.
That one might be a little bit harder to pull off,
but fans, you know, are asking for it.
Nintendo did put out a response which says,
Robin Williams was loved at Nintendo.
Our hearts go out to his entire family,
and especially to Zelda Williams,
who we've worked with multiple times.
We appreciate the outpouring of support
from the gaming community, and hear the request of fans
to honor him in a future game.
We will not be discussing what might be possible
for future games during this difficult time,
but we will hold our memories of Robin close.
So I actually kind of really liked that response
because it's showing that like,
we're not gonna make any decision really rash in the moment,
but obviously we were big fans of him as well,
and we'll do, you know, it's kind of like,
we'll assess this at a later time
when we're ready to talk more about
what's going on with The Legend of Zelda.
So that, in that retrospect, it's pretty cool.
So, anyhow, let's move on.
It's time to go to the Skype line over at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio
if you'd like to give the show a call,
and talk about anything that we've mentioned tonight,
or perhaps something else you'd like to bring up.
I'm gonna head over to the Twitter real quick,
but while I'm loading up our Twitter at twitter.com slash O-L-R,
let me check in with Loki
to see if there's any last minute stories.
And again, the Skype line is open.
They have a new Minecraft set coming out,
and these new Minecraft sets aren't the like,
micro, micro Minecraft stuff.
Lego Minecraft, I should say.
And they've got one, it's, was it The Farm and The Cave.
And they look awesome, because now they're minifig size,
or minifig scale, I guess.
Let me go to this Twitter topic,
because somebody sent one in just for Dan.
This comes from SSJ100Matt saying,
Genesis and Mega Drive news just for Dan.
Unreleased Bill the Tomato port
released on reproduction cartridges.
And he actually sends this to his story
over at retrocollect.com about this,
what is it, Bill the Tomato is the game?
Yeah, Bill the Tomato, wow,
they actually are putting it in like,
a little Genesis box and everything.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, they do stuff like that.
Cool, you know, especially over retrocollect,
they're huge, huge into the Sega stuff,
and the Genesis lives on.
$75 in North America, if you want this.
100 copies of this game being made available
using all new parts.
They've done some like, really incredible stuff.
I mean, that's like an unreleased prototype,
but they've done like, some homebrew,
some brand new stuff, especially for the machine
that you would be shocked to see coming out on Genesis.
I seem to remember,
and I know Bobby's probably listening,
and he'll correct me on this,
but I seem to remember he had a pretty big interview
with somebody who was making like, a Genesis game.
Like, he had those people on, and I, fuck,
I don't remember the name of the game.
He'll jump in there with it.
There's this RPG that was like, a huge huge deal,
and I always forget the name of it, but.
And he had the developers on the show.
It just looks cool as hell.
And I really do wish that, had I known about it sooner.
The Baker Prince, was that what it was called?
Ah, fuck, I don't know.
Had I been on it sooner,
I probably would have ponied up for a copy.
There was a Kickstarter, for one.
There was actually, there was one that was more recent
that was a Kickstarter, that they were using Unity,
but I don't know how they would port that to Genesis,
but it had, it was sprites with normal maps on them,
so they had real-time lighting on the sprites,
which is kinda cool.
Yeah, just stuff that you wouldn't expect
an X60 or a 68000 and a Z80 to be able to do, you know?
But advanced programming techniques,
they can take old consoles and make them do things
that you're just like, holy shit,
why couldn't they have done that back in the day?
Well, they didn't know how.
One of the guys that we see at Atari party every year
has this mind-blowing version of Space Harrier
that plays on the Atari 800.
It must use a huge amount of memory,
comparative to what they had available at the time,
but it looks like the arcade game.
Not like, wow, it's the arcade game,
but I mean, it looks more like the arcade game
than a Master System version,
like a Sega Genesis version, anything like that.
And Bobby must have been AFK,
because he didn't jump in,
but Dartetsuya jumped in and said,
Baker Prince, and sure enough,
I went to look up the Wiki on it and it was Baker Prince.
The thing about Baker Prince,
it actually did come out in 96.
I think it was in like Chinese originally.
So the re-translation of the game happened much later.
2006 was, I believe, the tangible release,
and then they did Windows and all that in 2013.
So there you go.
I thought it was more recent, but yeah,
that sounds very plausible.
Yeah, it's supposed to be just this amazing game.
And at 96, I guess it would have been a pretty late life-
It would have been, yeah.
Mega draft title.
Again, I'm gonna throw that out, 1877 Game OLR,
our username on Skype,
OrangeLoungeRadio if you'd like to give the show a call.
Do we have any other last minute stories from Loki?
No.
I think I saw anything else on Twitter.
No, no, we do not.
Well, Dan, if nobody's gonna call in,
you have plenty of time to reminisce more about the Genesis.
My wife showed me a picture of a cat driving a car
on like a Logitech wheel.
Oh, wait- It's a racing wheel.
I do have some more tweets.
It is awesome.
This is really important.
Vizaya925 sent us two tweets.
The first one says,
I'd love a complete remaster
of the original Resident Evil.
That game was awesome.
That was one of our stories last week, if you remember.
And you can have one, it's on the GameCube.
And Vizaya also responded and said,
Jim Boy's Tacos have the best fish tacos ever.
Tell Jamie she's trippin'.
Which-
No, they have the best vomit tacos.
I wanna point out, I wanna point out-
See, that's what summoned Shane.
No, this is important.
It's the badness of Jim Boy's.
This is important.
That tweet retweeted by the official
Jim Boy's Tacos account.
So Jim Boy's Tacos has indirectly told Jamie she's trippin'.
It is, yeah.
Jim Boy's Tacos is this weird acquired taste, I guess.
It's a local chain, I feel like.
It's a local chain.
It's called the International Show.
Oh, gross.
And people are like, what the hell is this taco place
that you're talking about?
Okay, dear Jim Boy's Tacos,
if you get me free tacos for a year,
I might say that one of them is good.
Why would you want free tacos that you hate?
Take it down to me.
The first night that Jamie moved out here,
I went and picked up Jim Boy's Tacos
and it just destroyed her.
I mean, she was just not a happy girl.
And it's very unfortunate because-
And then we went to the one by your grandmother's house
and I was taking her bathroom for two hours.
I think that was the one I went to, I think.
You know, there's people that live in like New York
or something listening to this show going,
I don't give a fuck about Jim Boy's Tacos.
You know what?
We don't give a fuck about you not giving a fuck.
You want to see how many fucks I have to give?
My fuck's given ratio is extremely low,
even compared to yours.
So eat a dick, taco.
1-877-GAMO-L-R.
Are you using him on Skype or in Sondra?
No, nobody really felt like that.
It was just Rob talking.
For what it's worth, Visaya925,
I had Jim Boy's Tacos on Friday and they were fine.
So just saying.
I like them.
They're covered with like that weird powdery cheese.
That's amazing.
It's called Parmesan.
All right, we got-
It's not Parmesan.
Finally, our phones are lighting up.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Holy crap, I'm on the show.
Holy crap, who's this?
This is EA Skeezy.
EA Skeezy?
What's up, buddy?
Malcolm, how you guys doing?
We're doing good.
From emailing to live on air,
what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, honestly, the girlfriend had to work
third shift tonight and I randomly thought,
well, hey, OLR's on.
I don't have to wait till Monday.
Let's call it and see how the game's doing.
God, I'm lonely.
Are you lonely, EA Skeezy?
Is that what's up?
I'll smack my husband.
Are you lonely tonight?
Do you miss me tonight?
I'm just bored.
All right, well, EA Skeezy,
I'm glad you called to get entertained by us.
You don't have any statements or opinions
you wish to inflict upon the show tonight?
Well, for one, I absolutely hate Time Warner Cable.
Yeah, dude, they can suck a dick.
Well, since we were talking about cable companies,
why not spread the hate?
What did Time Warner do to piss you off?
They sent just, I was a little late on the bill,
owed them about $100 and that's about it.
And they sent the guy to the door to come get the modem
and take everything away.
And I told them, well, I'll just hold on to the modem
cause I'll make the payment.
It'll turn back on.
Everything will be fine.
Guy said, yeah, that's exactly how it works.
So he left, but he failed to mention
that he disconnected me downstairs in the basement.
And now I have to go through the process
of having a guy come here and put in a new modem
and all that crap.
And that's, you know, that's weeks
and I got to pay service fees and crap like that.
So, you know-
That's what happens when you don't pay your bills.
Well, that sounds like a worst interest system
than GameStop's credit card, to be honest.
I don't know.
GameStop has a credit card?
You didn't hear about that?
Holy fucking crap, that's like the worst idea ever.
You know what?
You need to listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
We talk about all this shit that you're missing.
That's amazing.
You know, you think my wife would come home
and tell me these things.
No, no.
No.
Anyway, all right.
Well, EA Skeezy, to amuse Dan tonight,
since he's taunting you
for not having you paid your bill on time.
What is your favorite Genesis game?
Yeah, what is your favorite Genesis game?
My favorite Genesis game, honestly,
I did not have one as- Five seconds.
Okay, hang on. Same rock.
I didn't have one.
Super Nintendo, man.
Yes, he was a Super Nintendo.
Okay, what's your favorite Super Nintendo game?
Super Metroid, for sure.
Dude, dude, fuck yes.
All right, correct answer.
Correct answer.
Honestly, I honestly played it two weeks ago.
You are damn right.
See, at the very least, I can get behind you.
If you didn't have a Genesis,
but you were rocking Super Metroid,
you made the right choice.
Which, every time I try to get you
to play Super Metroid, you won't.
Because my thumbs are terrible now,
and the Super Nintendo controller actually hurts my thumbs.
EA Skeezy, will you come over, crash on-
If I could use my Genesis 6 button pad,
I'm on the Super Nintendo.
Will you come crash on our couch
and play Super Metroid for us?
None of these people are ever touching my sofa.
What?
Especially this guy, he can't pay his bills,
he didn't own a Genesis.
I'm gonna punch my husband in the face.
His only redeeming quality is that he listens to OLR
and he likes Super Metroid.
You don't even listen to OLR.
I know.
This man has no redeeming qualities.
That's basically Rob's redeeming qualities, too.
All right.
If I'm ever in the area, I can cook and clean,
and I can maybe stay a night just to hang out.
So when changing the cat's litter and you're in.
Dear God, no.
That's not even a good deal for you.
My girlfriend makes me do it all the time.
I hate to fucking do the cat's litter,
but I'm fucking pro at it now.
All right.
EA Skeezy, any last thoughts for our listeners tonight
before we let you go?
No, I just hope everybody enjoyed the show.
I look forward to hearing the majority
that I missed in the morning.
All right, sounds good.
We'll try to get it up for you.
Keep writing us every week
because I like your emails.
All right.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Bye, my friend.
I'll send you a new one next week.
Yep, good to hear you guys.
Later.
All right.
That was EA Skeezy,
who I believe is the first time actually on the show,
even though we get the emails a lot.
Now the phones are lighting up.
Let's go back to it again.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys, it's Jason.
Hey, Jason.
How you doing?
Doing pretty good.
Good to hear from you.
Every show that's a reminiscing show is a good show
because after reading,
it's funny because I jumped in on Facebook
just to correct the fact that Alan said 13 and not eight
because he said X and not V.
Oh, did he?
I didn't even catch it.
Yeah.
Maybe he edited it since-
Did it make you feel better about yourself?
I am one of those assholes on the internet, unfortunately.
So yes.
Good man.
So scary.
And I meant to read the comments
to see if anybody else had the whole Crackdown Halo thing.
I'm totally not surprised that they did.
But one of the other things that sprang to mind,
talking about PlayStation Magazine demos and whatnot,
was the disc, the issue, whatever date, whatever issue,
that had Jet Moto 2 on it.
Everybody else, if I remember correctly,
I seem to remember three games on that disc.
I love Jet Moto 2.
The level, the music for the stage that they picked,
I'm fairly sure it was just a one level demo, was amazing.
But if I remember correctly,
that same disc also had Xenogears
and either Tomba 1 or Tomba 2.
Oh, Tomba's such a good game.
And I've never played either of them.
People know about it,
but the mainstream audience doesn't know about it.
Yes, that game definitely has cult status.
Man, I miss Jet Moto.
That series is awesome.
No, Jet Moto 1 and 2 were awesome.
And then what was it?
The third one was the 989 one, right?
Because the first two were by Singletrack,
if I remember correctly.
Oh, I never played the third one.
The third one went to 989 Studios.
And 989 Studios had a way of taking everything
that they touched and just making absolute shit out of it.
Was that also the case with Cool Borders?
That like the first three was somebody with a 989 afterword?
Every Sony franchise,
when they got rid of that original,
when the PlayStation came out,
Sony had a literal dream team of developers.
It just wasn't pushed as much,
but they had guys who were just really good at making games.
And then they ended up taking those guys.
And after they built these franchises and said,
all right, now fucking pay us.
Sony said, oh, thank you for your work.
We're going to give your franchise over to 989 Studios
who made games for, you know,
peanuts and toffee and just fucking ruined them.
And the game and the fact that they were made
at that scale show.
Jet Moto, blah.
All their sports franchises, blah.
Jesus Christ.
It's a little unfortunate
because I actually bought Jet Moto 2 for original PSP.
I don't know if it's going to be better on the Vita.
Probably not because like the game just doesn't feel right.
And I don't know if that's just because
I'm missing the second triggers
because the PSPs don't have two sets of triggers
on each side.
You got to have that PlayStation control.
Yeah, you really do.
It's I, and I also,
I actually don't even have a console PlayStation anymore,
but I'm looking forward to,
I want to say that the store said that you could play it
on a console as well, but I'm sure.
PlayStation stuff is still cheap
and it's still out there and just get it now
because they're mechanical.
They're only going to get harder to find
and they're going to get more expensive
and just, you know, eventually titles like, you know,
Warhawk and Jet Moto and ESPN Extreme Games,
all those weird early PlayStation games that were so good
from that early generation will be gone
because they're not going to age like cartridges do
where there's no moving parts.
There's really nothing to break.
Eventually it's going to be damn hard to find a PlayStation.
Yup.
All right, wow, all right.
It's sort of, I just,
you guys talking about like the PS1 demos and everything,
it really does make me think about how all of that
is really like a lost art because, you know,
now obviously we do all the download demos,
but even it seems like download demos even are less and less
depending on the console.
Like I think about like Wii U,
it doesn't seem like there's a whole lot
of downloadable demos on something like Wii U.
Want me to tell you why?
Because they figured it was a waste of time.
The problem was is that they figured out eventually
after all these years of doing demos
that having a demo out didn't really affect
the sales of your title positively
and could in fact greatly affect it negatively.
And since demos are typically early versions of games
that lack polish and whatnot,
unless you spent a lot of extra time and development money
making a good demo, you probably were going to ruin your game.
Plus tons of people would just play that demo and go,
eh, it was cool.
So companies pretty much decided
unless it's something AAA and they need to create hype
to buy themselves another six months of development time
without losing momentum,
then they're not going to give you that free taste.
They're just going to let us sit back.
At the same time, you know what's kind of weird about that?
That was probably always the case for consoles.
I know it was always the case for consoles,
but like I started playing through Serious Sam
and I was reminded of how that and Shadow Warrior
and I know at least one or two other games
that the demo was the same engine,
but had otherwise shorter, unique content.
And when you actually bought the full game, it said,
hey, here's the extra content from the demo
in addition to what you can play with the whole,
with the full game, which is,
and my idea, really cool way of doing it,
especially since demos are more or less,
we're more or less always digital,
you know, BBSs and whatnot.
They can make the game, master it, ship it,
get it into stores during that time,
whip up new content,
be able to put that on digital mechanisms.
And there's really no way,
no reason why they couldn't be doing that right now.
Well, PC demos are kind of a different world.
Sure, absolutely.
Because usually it's just like,
they're going to take a little bit of the code,
they're going to polish it up a tiny bit
and they're going to make it available for download.
With console demos,
because they needed to be mastered onto a disc,
they needed more lead time.
So, I mean, that's a super, super valid point.
And it's also not applicable to everything.
It's super applicable to those frenzied action games,
which you get an RPG or an adventure game or a puzzle.
I guess there's room for new puzzles
to be made in a puzzle game, but like-
Yeah, you know, it's a puzzle game,
you want to do the demo-
Peggle and other little trash games like that.
Trash is the wrong word, but, you know,
simple little games,
there's not going to be interesting, unique content
you're going to be able to do with those sorts of things.
All right, well, Jason,
I appreciate the walk down memory lane of demos here.
Any other quick thoughts before we let you go?
Because the phones are lighting up,
so I want to try and get one more call in.
I'm not witty enough this fast enough.
Take another call.
All right, take care, buddy.
Bye.
That guy's my favorite caller.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
All right, yeah, our phones are lighting up,
so let's try to take at least one more call here
before we wrap up the show tonight.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Home Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, can you hear me?
Yeah, we can hear you, and we can see you.
Hey, hello.
Hi, it's Brozime.
Brozime!
Hey, is this your first time calling the show?
Yeah, yes.
That is two first time calls?
Completely the first time.
Actually, I think it's my first time here being live at all.
Oh my gosh.
The people are coming in the new crowd.
The people are coming to see Dan.
Were you here just to see Dan?
Just say yes.
I think the first time I heard Dan,
since I've only been listening since like episode 500,
was just a voice in the background yelling at you.
That is, because I was asking.
That's about accurate.
I believe the quote was,
What's up, bitches?
Sup, bitches?
Yeah, because...
Oh yeah, that sounds about right.
Dan had brought over a bed.
When Jamie and Dan moved, they had an extra bed,
so they brought it over to this house,
because we have all this space now.
So yeah, that was the episode they brought it over.
When we brought Shane something to sleep on.
Yeah, you guys definitely don't want to hear
about the beds in my house.
I want to hear about what you want to say tonight.
What's up?
Uh, not much.
Got off work early and was able to make it home
to be in chat whenever you guys are reading emails and stuff.
So I missed the first part of the show,
but I'm glad I got to hear like the majority, I guess.
Yeah, we've been having live stream drops anyway.
Wait, so you're like EA Skis.
You don't have any comments on what's going on?
What's your favorite Genesis game?
Ha.
Well, please tell us your favorite Genesis game
if you don't got nothing better to say.
I think it was Sonic 2.
Okay, good. That's valid.
Sonic 2 is a great game.
I think Sonic 2 is the only Sega Genesis game
I played though at a friend's house.
It is the best selling game,
I believe for the Sega Genesis.
It is the best selling game of the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise.
And it's also probably one of the most like
speculated about games in terms of beta versions
in the history of games.
And it's also one of the most cursed at versions
because of the chemical plant.
Chemical plant zone.
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
And that's like stage two.
So you mentioned you had to go to a friend's to play it.
Were you a Super Nintendo guy?
Or let me guess, you're probably-
Oh yeah.
Okay, I was gonna say, you're probably young enough
where you only had a PlayStation or something.
Well, the weird thing is that I had a Super Nintendo
like while the N64 was out.
Okay.
So I was just like late to the party basically
because my parents had the, not N64, Super Nintendo.
So I was playing that for ages before I got an N64.
So what was your favorite Super Nintendo game?
Favorite Super Nintendo game was definitely
looks like the original Legend of Zelda.
Like that was my favorite game.
Well, the original Legend of Zelda was NES.
But if you're talking about a Link to the Past.
The Link to the Past, sorry.
That is, to be fair, that's the second best answer
you could give next to Super Metroid.
That's another game I cussed out a whole lot.
I did play a lot of Super Metroid,
but when I was little, I had no hope
of completing Super Metroid.
That's fair.
And to the chatters, yes, I am saying
those are better answers than Chrono Trigger.
Sorry about it.
Damn right.
Sorry, not sorry.
I didn't play Chrono Trigger until like
after I was already done with my N64.
I like this guy.
That was a game I didn't, I had no idea.
I had no idea about Chrono Trigger
until like I was so much older
than whenever I had been playing
like my Super Nintendo originally.
It was silly.
All right.
Bobby's in chat saying,
I'm gonna take down Rob's internet for reals.
Great, I'm gonna get a DLS attack
during the show.
Chrono Trigger is such a good game.
I'm not dissing Chrono Trigger.
I like to poke fun at you crazed foamy fanboys.
I never, never have purchased Chrono Trigger
because my friend left it at my house
and then he moved to another town
and then I moved out here with it.
Then I married her so it became community property
and now it's just as much fun as whoever she stole it from.
You ever come after it, I will kill you.
I have never played Chrono Trigger.
However, no prenup.
So we have 50% ownership of everything.
So that means I also have half the copy of Dracula X
and all of those boxed SNES games.
I usually need to play half of Dracula X.
She has that game with the fricking dish.
Yes, I do.
The Cardcaptor Sakura game.
I love that game.
I'm gonna play it.
All right.
Isn't there a Cardcaptor Sakura anime?
Quick, hang up.
All right now, Brozime quick,
any last thoughts before we let you go?
Thanks for reading my email
and talking about my channel, I guess.
I just started doing it like a while ago.
So anyone that wants to go check that out
can go check that out.
And it's fun, I guess.
I don't know.
I've been playing Nazgoth recently.
I just came out on Steam.
Wait, hold up a sign with your address on it.
It's not a video show.
We see the video, they don't.
So we'll have to put it out there.
Oh yeah, that's hilarious.
Dan, only one plug a show.
We used to have a video.
Yeah, back in the day we did.
That was awesome.
Yeah, it was all right.
Remember we played Street Fighter on it?
Yeah.
That's so cool.
All right, Brozime, are you still there, Brozime?
His video froze up.
Is Brozime, uh-oh, there's a problem with this call.
Or did our entire internet just crap out again?
Is that the problem?
It's Bobby gotcha.
Yeah, oh yeah.
Fucking Bobby.
All right, I think he came back,
but we were wrapping it up.
Sorry about that, don't know what happened.
I don't know what happened either.
I'll blame the internet.
All right, but Brozime, we are gonna let you go
so we can wrap up the show, but have a good night.
All right, sounds good, you guys too.
All right, later.
Ah, if it's not the frickin' feed sending
to the Shoutcast server, then it's Skype,
and if it's not that, then it's this.
All right, sorry to those that didn't get through,
because nobody called for five minutes,
and all of a sudden it was lighting up on fire,
so there's a few people that didn't get through.
Please consider sending us an email.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Give Dark Soccer some work to do.
Anyhow, that is about it.
We're gonna wrap up the show.
We were done with last minute stories.
We got the Twitter stuff.
So, actually, wait, no, we didn't finish the Twitter stuff,
because I had one other tweet I wanted to read here
from our old pal, Pika Uno had sent something to.
Oh yes, it was about the whole TV tax,
because last week we talked about TV tax overseas,
and Pika Uno does live in what I call London land,
and Pika Uno says, it's not the TV tax,
it's the license fee, and no, you'll still have
to pay the license fee to watch any live TV.
The important difference is that this is how the BBC
is funded, directly by the public,
not through the government.
So, a minor correction there too.
Probably some other Downton Abbey tangent
we went on last week.
All right, anyway, that is it.
We're gonna wrap up here at Orange Laundry Radio.
Hey, thanks you guys for listening to the show.
Really appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry Radio
and you stuck with us the whole show,
why not tell a friend or two or 17 about our program
and help spread the word,
because you're all we got is word of mouth.
We don't have a major magazine backing us.
We don't have demo discs of OLR out there.
Actually, 1E3, we did have OLR demo discs,
now that I think about it.
I still have some.
I was gonna say, those will be collector's items someday,
Loki, when we're big and famous.
All right, anyway, that's about gonna do it,
but I wanna say, Dan, thank you for being here.
Always fun, even if you're kind of a dick sometimes.
No, I'm kidding.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you got me, you got me.
But I'm glad you could be here for the Sega Genesis
and Mega Drive look back episode.
It seems oddly appropriate.
Any last thoughts for our listeners tonight, Dan?
No.
And also, actually, this is also very important.
Do you have anything you wanna plug?
You have like a Twitter or a podcast of your own?
Everybody has podcasts these days.
You guys should listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
My wife is on it and her friends.
It's pretty amazing.
They do it all the time.
And I mean, it's a little pedantic sometimes,
but in general, it's worth listening to.
In general.
All right, thank you, Dan.
Come back any time.
Anyhow, but not Labor Day weekend,
because we will be here.
Neither will I.
All right.
Let's see, Darkstar.
You know what?
That's our anniversary weekend.
Oh, there you go.
The spouse and I will have been married for nine years.
You going to Disneyland or something?
No.
All right.
You can?
Yeah, you can.
That's funny.
Rob's paying for himself to go to Dragon Con.
Yeah, I'm going to Atlanta
to get some of the Sue's infamous gummy bears.
That's the only reason I go.
That's the only reason I go.
All right, Darkstar, I had to follow Dan here
with your final thought tonight.
Even though I was super full when we got here,
I'm super hungry now and really want a fish burrito.
I'm a good Mexican place like El Forstero.
My final thought is, now you mentioned that place,
now I'm craving tortilla chips.
Damn you.
Damn you.
All right.
And last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight.
My final thought tonight is I should play more games.
You should.
Word.
Because I haven't played any games.
How about everybody?
It's the OLR challenge.
Everybody play one new game this week.
Play something new.
Yeah.
Be jeweled, Jesus Christ.
Bonus points if it's indie.
All right.
That does it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back next week
before our little break for Labor Day.
So 565 next week.
We're inching closer and closer to episode 573.
You know, I gotta be honest.
I never thought we'd get that high,
but that is something that's gonna be happening in October,
believe it or not.
All right, that does it.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
["A War Is Mine for an Early Life"]
