Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Not content with the masses of viewers controlling Red's destiny, one streamer wagered as Fish was capable of beating Pokemon as well.
And for you non-adventure fans, you can watch Two Fish playing Street Fighter 2 instead.
Stay tuned for all the updates to the non-Fishy gaming news, your comments, and phone calls on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live with this episode number 565 for August 24th, 2014.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts here in studio.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup bitches.
How are you DarkSakura?
I'm um, sedate.
Sedate?
Oddly sedate.
But that doesn't mean you're like actually asleep, you're just...
No, it means that I've spent my last month like a sprung coil.
And the coil has sprung.
Right.
And now it's sort of in its relaxed state.
I see, so it's like you kinda, you've been winding up anticipation, anticipation, and now relax, right?
Hopefully not descending toward entropy, like Shane.
Alright, yeah.
I think I agree with Shane though, I think that we need naps.
I know, this is the OLR Siesta show tonight, we'll see.
Alright, well not joining us tonight, Techmaster Loki is not here tonight.
I gotta be honest, I'm not exactly sure why he's not here, I just got a tweet from him saying he wouldn't be coming.
I think that means family related things that he probably forgot about, so we wish Loki well wherever he's at.
But he should be back in two weeks when we are live again.
As a reminder, we're not gonna be live next week over the Labor Day holiday, I'll remind people what's going on in just a moment.
But filling in for Loki tonight, say hello to Shane is joining us.
Hello.
Hey Shane, are you okay?
I'm so tired.
You're tired?
Yes, it's almost my bedtime.
Do you want coffee?
No, that's disgusting.
You can't do the show completely trying to fall asleep, I thought you were gonna be good.
I promised Shane that I would bring him cold brew coffee to see if he likes it better.
I'm just really tired.
Really?
Yes.
I'm gonna bring it to you at work in a flask so that you'll get asked by HR why you have a flask at your desk.
Alright, well I need you to pep up, Shane.
This is me at like a ten.
Okay, okay. No, no, no, no. I know how to turn Shane up to a ten. This is what I'm gonna do.
I am the nicest guy, bestest pal in the whole wide world, so before we get to video game chat, and there's a lot of game chat to get to tonight.
To help Shane pep up tonight, I'm gonna give Shane 60 seconds to say anything he wants about Power Rangers.
Alright, ready?
Can I start now?
Go.
They have Power Morphicon this weekend and it looks so good and they announced a new cast of Dino Charge and the Black Ranger's really hot.
There, that's really all I have to say.
Wow, wow, you did that nine, nine, nine seconds.
But it didn't really wake me up.
Shane, that was supposed to get you excited.
When we both have the same day off, do you want to marathon Mega Ranger with me?
Yeah, I could watch that. I haven't seen that one yet.
Because the Japanese one was the best.
You should watch Gokaiger. That's really good too.
I also have the Mega Ranger vs. Car Ranger movie on Laserdisc.
Car Ranger.
Shane, you're gonna have to speak up or something.
Why? They can't even hear me?
Just because you're so tired.
That's how I normally sound anyway.
Much better, much better.
Rob, we're gonna do it over here too so that when you come home, you'll be greeted by lots of Sendai.
Oh, is that what you're gonna do while I'm out of town in Atlanta?
No, it's what I'm gonna do when Shane and I have the same days off again.
Or when I have the same days off as Shane because my schedule's changing.
Go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, immediately after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we have some people indulging Shane in Power Rangers chat.
Let's talk about Power Rangers. That will wake me up.
Captain Spike from gamebuoy.org, we love gamebuoy.org, Captain Spike says, I don't agree, re Black Ranger, whatever.
But he did give a nice hearty yass to the...
What? The Black Ranger's so hot. And he's from New Zealand, so you know he's got a really good accent.
Let's see...
And I may have watched an episode of Legend of the Seeker last night because he was on it.
Tigerclaw asks, where was Shane when the earthquake hit? It wasn't big enough to wake Rob.
Yeah, it was a big earthquake in North Calpins.
Yeah, I didn't know about it until I saw it.
I found out from my mother in Alabama.
We appreciate you guys being concerned because I did get a few tweets about it. We appreciate the concern.
But it was in Napa, which is a good hundred miles to the west, northwest.
It should have been closer.
My mom's like, I love earthquakes.
It happened in San Francisco. Call your friends, make sure they're alive. Are you okay?
Did you feel it was like, Mom, I went to bed at four in the morning after playing Final Fantasy all day.
I didn't feel anything. I didn't know anything. And between you and the cat, I'm never gonna sleep again.
I love my mom, though.
Bobby Blackwolf says, when is Shane not really tired other than Pokemon launch day?
I'm super tired on Pokemon launch day because I'm usually up all night to get Pokemon at midnight.
He's up all night to get pokies.
He's up all night to get pokies.
That actually sounds really dirty.
Why do you think I said it?
Oh, God. Somebody's gonna crop that and do something horrible with it.
I'm very sad, though, because the next Power Morphicon is in 2016, I think they said.
I'd have to double check. That's two years.
I'm sorry.
I will go because they're gonna talk about the movie, and I bet Dino Charge Black will be there.
And I'm going to have to drug him and take him to a hotel room.
Misty in chat says, Shane, dude, one of my friends is gonna cosplay a ranger from the train theme series at Wizard Chicago.
Tokijer's the best.
I must link you to pics when I have them.
I did like Mudgey Ranger.
I didn't watch that one.
That one was okay.
And then, let's see, lastly, we'll say, actdeft says, Shane needs to be angry to sound more eager.
That's true.
What makes you angry right now?
Being kept awake.
Yeah, being kept awake.
Well, good, this should be an entertaining three hours.
Alright, we'll try to get into it.
We're gonna get into the show tonight.
He's sliding off of the chair.
Well, sit up, because we got gaming news to discuss.
So, I want to start off with tonight's kickoff topic.
So, where to begin with this?
So, it's no secret, guys, it's been a really weird, crazy, drama, like, sands through the hourglass,
this is the games of our lives type of week in the gaming world.
And I just, here's the thing.
I kind of think the gaming industry is so much bigger than the perception that some of us hardcore fans have of it.
To kind of put this into perspective, Diablo 3, the Ultimate Evil Edition, came out on PlayStation 4 this week,
and I was so busy playing it all night, I think Wednesday or Thursday, one night this week,
that apparently a bunch of drama broke out.
I missed all of it because I was playing games.
And I'm kind of thankful in that regard.
And some of you guys might be sitting there going,
Drama? What drama? There's drama going on? I don't want to...
And honestly, if that's you, trust me, ignorance is bliss.
Ain't nobody got time for that when it comes to a lot of this other stuff that's going on.
Like, I just, I can't. I'm not, I'm unable to.
I cannot even. I can't odd either. It's just, it's, oh my gosh.
So, one good thing that came out of a lot of this stuff that's going on is there was a really cool little hashtag that was on Twitter.
And the next day on Twitter, I saw this floating around. It was hashtag WeLoveGameDevs.
Are you sure it wasn't hashtag ZackAttack?
I think that was trending too.
Yeah, it was.
Oh, now there's a topic that gets you excited.
I won't talk about Zack. I'm a big brother for hours.
But, you know, I love this hashtag WeLoveGameDevs because it really got people to talk about why is it that we are so enthusiastic about games?
Because there's a lot of people out there that will claim to do things because they like video games.
But then I kind of look back and go, but you're hurting games with the things.
How can you do that on one hand and on the other say, oh, I'm trying to protect the game industry?
It's like, from what? The game industry is so much bigger than what you see on Twitter, on Facebook, on Instagram, and all this stuff.
So, I just, I don't know. I want to play games. I like games. I enjoy games.
And I don't, by games, I don't fucking mean mind games. Like, I'm too old for that shit.
So, let's talk about video games and why we here at OLR love game devs, too.
Because I sent out a tweet. I thought that was a really nice little positive tweet.
Because, you know, full disclosure, it's no secret. Yes, I do this show, Orange Lawns Radio.
This is a, you know, gaming enthusiast podcast, I guess some would call it.
And we've been doing this for, what, 12 years.
But thanks to having done this show, I've had the opportunity to make friends in the industry in all different types.
I have friends that do the journalism stuff. I have friends that make games.
Heck, Shane, you used to, I mean, it's no secret, you used to do game development of sorts, right?
And you did DDR with Konami for a while, right?
Yes, among other things.
Which can sometimes bring an interesting dynamic into what we do here on OLR.
Because, you know, I have to kind of take a step, I have to be, you know, there's Rob the friend,
and then I have to take a step back and be Rob the, you know, amateur analyst for, I guess, lack of a better term,
and be able to talk objectively.
An alrapist?
Yeah. What did you just call me? Shut up.
You know what that's from, right?
Yeah, shut up.
So, you know, I have to be able to take a step back and kind of look at, like, all this stuff, you know, objectively.
So, but I know there's so many people out there that really love games and making games and doing this,
and I think there's a lot of positive stuff that goes on in the industry, too.
So I just wanted to talk about, like, why do you guys love video games?
So, Jamie, why do you love videos? Why do you do this show?
You know, we've been doing this for 12 years. Why do you do this show every week for 12 years?
What is it about video games that you love?
The shipping.
It's the garris cross shepherd, is what's been keeping you here.
No. I really do like the bigger phantom communities that have built up around games now,
because we used to not really have much of that when, you know, all I was doing was screaming at playing that god-awful,
super-difficult Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game on the Nintendo,
and the fucking water level where you get electrocuted.
No, back then it was spite.
Back then, I loved games because I was a spiteful, spiteful little human being,
and I told the games I would defeat them, and lo and behold, one day I beat the guardian legend.
It was also...
This is going to sound really stupid and neo-rad-femme in a way I don't want it to,
but I really did get a big kick out of being a girl in the late 80s and early 90s that played video games,
when not many other girls were really that into it at the time, or at least weren't supposed to be into it.
I felt like, for me, it was something different that I didn't have to share with anybody else,
and it was a behavior that wasn't expected of me,
so it was a combination of a really good escape and a minor form of rebellion.
Interesting. That's a very neat thing that you say there, too,
because I think I felt some similarities in the expectations.
Not that I'm going to claim to know exactly, but I feel like there are some similarities with me having been a gay guy,
that there are certain expectations about, oh, I should be listening to Madonna and be into fashion,
and I'm not really that kind of guy. Well, Madonna's okay, I guess.
You know what I mean? If you saw where I live, I don't live in a well-decorated house.
You know what I mean? I'm a nerd at heart.
You do have a lot of IKEA furniture.
I do, but IKEA is-
Which is a hallmark of the gay.
IKEA is Lego for adults.
Anyway.
No, but that was part of it, and then I just kept sticking with the stuff that I loved,
and came through all the various games, and then I eventually made my transition to PC gaming,
and then after that, really what kept me in a lot of the games was the fandoms for some of the newer games,
because I could sit and play a casual game, and keep in mind, we had casual games in the 80s and 90s,
but they couldn't be truly casual, because they cost a bunch of money,
but they're the same type of games that we're seeing as casual games now.
So we had those waste of time games, and then once they became more readily available,
they stopped being this big classic concept, and we started looking to games to have more substance to them.
What we would call a real game now is something that's got an engaging story,
or something that is going to be a point A to point Z type of story.
You know, so I think the definition of what has become a true game versus something casual
has evolved with technology, and with our expectations now that we've grown into the genre.
So it's really a part of, I guess in the end, part of it's a social experiment too, for me.
I'm going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, reading some of these, and then I'll go over to Shane.
Code Man says, Video games put me in another world.
They take me out of this fucked world we live in and put us into something that we enjoy, a fantasy.
Final Fantasy XIV, for example, has given me a place to go hang out with people I love and have a good time.
Dungeon Buster says, I love games because I thought they were a different form of storytelling,
and that was exciting to me.
Bochakawa says, Video games give me goals and rules that make sense,
in a world that doesn't let me make goals and rules that are taken too far.
That's some powerful stuff, you guys.
Shane, what do you love about video games? Why have you been into games for so long?
You worked in the industry. What made you want to do that?
Because it's fun. I don't really have some in-depth or deep reasoning.
You don't have to. Just an honest answer is fine.
They're fun. They're enjoyable. There you go. There's my answer.
What was the first video game that you played? Do you remember?
Yes. Stupid Cat in the Hat mix-up game. The Dr. Seuss one on Coleco.
Scared the crap out of me. Ate that game.
If the Cat in the Hat scared the crap out of you, how did you get from that to Video games are fun?
Well, because there were other games that weren't just the Dr. Seuss mix-up game.
Less scary ones.
What made you decide, I want to get a job doing...
What did you first do? You were doing game testing, right? And then it moved into...
No, I was hired to do DDR stuff.
Oh, okay. Well, what made you decide, this is something I want to do? I want to go into this?
Because it sounds like fun. If you're spending so much time already playing this stuff,
why not do something more and be the one on the other side, making stuff for other people to have fun with?
Did you learn anything from that experience?
About video games?
I guess. Video games are the development of said video games.
It's a lot of red tape and a lot of things that people get mad about are things that you don't have any say over and you wish you could.
Do you mean when people get really angry on Twitter about certain things going on with particular games,
or in social media in general? I keep picking on Twitter, but when people get angry out there,
you're saying that they'd be surprised how little maybe people like you really have to do with things like that, is that what you're saying?
Yeah, the people that make the decisions for the most part are the people that have no real connection to making the game.
So, keep complaining. It goes nowhere.
Let's see, going to Alan Alchemy says, how did he get from that to, talking about Cat in the Hat, how did he get from that to standing for Silent Hill?
What?
How did you get from the Cat in the Hat to your Silent Hill fandom?
There's no Dr. Seuss in Silent Hill. Like, I busted out the Coleco about a year, two years ago,
and it was still working after a little bit of, you know, loving, and I put in that game and it's still scary. I don't like it. It is not fun.
You know, E.T. on Atari was scary too.
Actually, E.T. was kind of scary. Like, the original jump scare was falling in one of those fucking holes.
No, just the whole thing. Well, E.T. scared me as a kid anyway, so there's that.
Were you even alive when that movie came out?
Probably not. I don't think so, but yeah.
Okay. I think I've talked about this a little bit.
Oh, you want to know what other thing I learned while I worked at Konami?
Of course.
There's no way I can do ten Jaeger bombs in 45 minutes and be okay afterwards.
Should you really be bringing that up right now?
That wasn't during work hours, but I was working there and it was a work thing afterwards.
Fair enough, fair enough. All right.
Wait, you mean sometimes, like, co-workers hang out and stuff outside of work?
Sometimes.
You know what, I think that happens in industries that aren't just gaming either.
Nope, just gaming.
For me, I've talked a little bit about this on the show previously, but I was always really just amazed with being able to,
and it's going to make me sound like such a control freak and I can already hear Grandpa in the back of my head teasing me about this,
but I loved on the Atari 2600 that I was in control of what was on the TV screen.
And, like, that little moving square was me and I was changing the images that were on the screen with that.
What, you sound like you're going to say something?
No, how do I sound like I'm going to say something?
You look like you're going to say something.
No, I'm just trying not to fall out of the chair.
So, I loved being able to be that little square and I'm thinking of adventure in particular and it's like, you know, I can go anywhere I want.
I'm not restricted.
I'm sorry, in this game, you play as a square?
Yes, in adventure, on the Atari 2600, you were a little yellow square and you would go around and you would try to find, like, the sword that would kill you.
Was the sword also a square?
No, the sword was kind of a rectangle. Maybe a triangle a little bit.
Wow, the games you had when you were young.
You just weren't talking about the fucking ColecoVision.
Yeah, but you want to look up a video? It's frightening.
Adventure on ColecoVision, hello.
But anyway, I love being able to control that and really, like, get immersed in that world.
And even though maybe I'm not creating the story, so to speak, I still feel like at the end of the day, I'm able to kind of put myself in the shoes of that character on the screen.
And not that that character has to be, like, a carbon copy of me. I can be anyone or anything.
Unless you were a square back then.
Unless, yeah, unless I happen to look like a square.
Now I look a little more like a pear, so I don't know what game you can play a pear in. Maybe Fruit Ninja.
You don't play as Fruit Ninja.
You can be an eggplant in Kid Icarus. Remember when you got turned into an eggplant?
Yes, I'm more of an eggplant wizard.
And then you just hold down. And you didn't have feet, you were just an eggplant.
Yes, I remember that.
There's, like, an RPG on Nintendo. It had, like, Princess Tomato in it or something. Maybe there's a pear guy in there.
Maybe, maybe. Anyway, so I love being able to really immerse myself in this alternate universe.
That's what I've always really loved about games. And to see how far the technology has come is so impressive.
And, you know, remember when, like, Mode 7 first debuted on the Super Nintendo?
And we all saw, like, Pilotwings and Actraiser and things like that for the first time?
And it was like, this is so real. The graphics are so realistic. Oh my gosh. It's like a cartoon on my TV.
You know? And just to see things. I mean, now it's like you look at a Super Nintendo game and you're like,
it wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good either. And to see how far things have come just in what the 25-ish years since that system is so amazing.
It really makes you wonder, like, in 25 more years, like, are we going to be on the holodeck?
Or what is it going to be? How am I going to be transported away?
I mean, we're already talking about with Oculus and so forth, virtual reality making another step.
So it's just like, you know, it's going to get closer and closer to transporting us to those worlds.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bochi Kawa says, that was pretty profound for me too, Rob. It's like, interaction.
Tigerclaw says, what about Haunted House on the Atari 2600? All you played was a pair of eyeballs.
That game was kind of scary too, actually.
Blender says, LOL Sky, I have adventure on PlayStation Home.
I didn't know that was a thing you could do. I didn't know the Atari games were there on PlayStation Home. That's pretty cool.
Too bad you have to play PlayStation Home to do it.
How mean. PlayStation Home, well, we'll get into that a little later.
You look like a pedophile in that game. No matter what, you make your character look like.
Stop. All right. Let's see. Bochi Kawa says, in Final Fantasy 6, they sang, it blew my mind.
Yeah. Oh my God. You want to talk about a story? Final Fantasy 6 was so flippin' amazing. So good.
Anyhow, just wanted to, you know, bring a little bit, kind of bring it back to what it's really about, and that is the passion for gaming.
And, you know, what kind of motivates us to be here, and what motivates you guys to listen to this podcast, and subscribe to it, and be with other gamers, and talk about these shared experiences, and so on.
Please feel free to tweet us or email us if you have more to add to this.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com, or of course we're on Twitter at Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
All right. We're going to get into our gaming week, but first, I guess, well no, we'll do housekeeping later. I'll talk about Dragon Con and all that in a minute.
So let's get into our gaming weeks. So Dark Soccer, you want to start off? How was your gaming week? What did you play this week?
I played a bunch of Doth. I started another Shepard, a Mass Effect 3.
Yay, Shepard.
Because I have hair mods, and I'm using my hair mods now, that actually has a decent looking nape bun for Fem Shop.
And it's the one that's on all those Ashley mods that's really neat looking.
And of course Ashley's alive in my game, because Ashley's awesome. Badass.
Boo. Boo racist.
What?
Ashley's a racist.
No, she's not. She's slightly xenophobic until she actually learns that other races are trustworthy.
She learned that when she blew up in my game.
She overcomes her fuck the aliens tendencies, especially since her boss says, let's fuck the aliens.
I got to level 50 in Final Fantasy XIV and then quotey beat the game.
Congrats. Did you like that 20 minute ending?
I was chatting with Becky. I was like, no, I thought we were on the last battle.
Okay, Becky, we're on the last battle, because she was on aim with me.
And then I'm like, wait, there's more.
I was like, okay, we finally just beat, you know, whatever his name is, Gaius.
And then I was like, the fuck? What's this?
So I was like, sorry, Becky, there's still more ending to do. No, more fighting to do.
She's like, oh my God, how long is this going on? You've been playing for five hours, which is true.
And then, so finally we get through the whole thing. It was cool with, like, we had a full party for it.
Marching down in our matching Magitek armor. It was really cool.
Finally beat the game. Everyone's like, party's out, bye. And I'm like, ending.
I was like, hey, Becky, guess what? She's like, well, I was like, the ending's still happening. No.
Yeah, the ending in Final Fantasy XIV is like a good, like, 20 minutes.
And that's even skipping the full credit sequence, which nobody's going to watch the full credit sequence,
because they put every 1.0 player that was subscribed.
But they let you skip past the names. You can go to, like, the Zs and then let it play.
Yeah, that's what I did.
I was looking for people I knew. And then, like, it was, you have, like, three skippable credits. It's stupid.
And then I was like, okay, everyone's happy. I bet they're just going to, ooh, there is some shit.
Yeah, and then there's the after-credits cutscene that sets up the rest of the game.
And, like, this was my quote in the chat from when we fought the one red guy.
Way hey hey, Senpai didn't notice me. Way hey hey, I'm going to throw a tamper tantrum. Way hey, you're dead bitch.
So, did that. And so now I'm doing the end game.
And I spent, like, an hour looking for the stuff for a quest that I've already done.
Because I didn't think I'd done the die quest, and I did.
So I did the get the Japanese dance quests today, and that was it.
So yeah, doing that, more Final Fantasy.
Bravely Defart took a rest, just because I haven't been playing much games at work.
But I am, I do have, I put in my pre-order officially.
I hate using the word pre-order, because it's technically an order.
For something that's going to arrive at a later date, but it's still just an order.
I ordered Dragon Age Inquisition.
Yay.
The deluxe edition.
Yay.
And then I found out today, Varric is not romanceable.
Yay.
He's probably in a deep relationship with Bianca.
That's awkward, because that's his bow. His crossbow.
Which he talks about her like she's his mistress.
So that means I'm going to be romancing the fuck out of Vivienne.
Because she's amazing looking.
I heard her voice actress just, like, two days ago.
She's awesome. She's in Game of Thrones.
I'm going to romance the hell out of Vivienne.
Oh, but they haven't said that she's romanceable.
I know, but she better be.
Because Vivienne.
I'm just mad because I don't have a Fenris.
ActDeaf in chat is suggesting instead of pre-order, use the word reservation.
I like that better.
I reserved my copy by paying for it and ordering it to be delivered on the date of its release.
The voice actor for Fenris said that he did do some work for this new game.
So, crossing my fingers that Fenris shows up with my hawk.
SSG100Matt in chat says, how long does it take for someone on average to max level their character in Final Fantasy XIV?
That really depends on how many hours a week you're going to put into the game.
That depends on if you just sit there chatting with people.
Yeah, it really depends on your play style.
I think if you're going to put the pedal to the metal and you're going to play a good couple hours every day,
you can probably do it six weeks or less.
Depends on the class, too.
I'll put it this way.
By the time that we were at the end of beta, I already saw people running around in Magitek Bounce,
which means they'd be the game.
Yeah, so it just depends on how much you're willing to put into it.
But if you're doing more casual, it'll probably take you a couple months.
Unless you're me, then it'll take you all year.
Yeah, but you went through long stretches without playing at all.
Yeah, well I also went through long stretches of being completely pissed off at the game.
Alright, let's see. If that's it for your gaming week between Final Fantasy and all that, let's go over to Shane.
Oh, almost.
Very solitaire.
Of course, of course. Shane, how was your gaming week?
It was fine.
What'd you play?
I played PT, and I played Diablo 3 on PS4, and Final Fantasy, and that's where I'm going to stop.
Okay.
Except that he's got Pokemon going on right now.
Well, that doesn't count. That's like, Shane, did you breathe some air today?
Yeah.
Did you play Pokemon? Yeah.
Did you go to the bathroom? Yeah.
What did you think about Diablo 3?
It's better on consoles, I think.
It's just the way it handles better.
That's all it is for you, is the handling that makes it better?
Well, also my computer's not the best, so I don't have any frame rate issues or long loads.
Because you weren't sure if you were going to buy it at first, but then my copy finally got here late Tuesday night or whatever, so we were playing-
Thirty minutes after we realized. Or before we realized.
Long story. Anyway, we were playing co-op on the same screen. I didn't even realize you could do until one of my friends texted me.
Even though I said, look on the back, it says you can do it, and you ignored me.
Yeah, no, I was like, oh, that means over the internet, Shane.
No, because I specifically said, look, it's not the internet one, because the internet one is this iPhone.
And I was just like, you're wrong, Shane, you're wrong.
I'm always right. It does not happen.
In this one particular circumstance, you may have been leaning towards the correct answer.
No, always right. Ask Flaco Jones.
But then you were suddenly like, oh, I got to go get this. You were really sold on it after that one play.
Mm-hmm, yep.
And that was just the handling and so forth?
Yeah, and like I said, it performs better on the PS4 for me than my PC, because my PC's kind of garbage.
All right. Let's see, Mike gave me a week. I have also been playing a crapload of Diablo 3, Ultimate Evil Edition.
I'm up to maybe level 34, 35, which I'm sure some people are already further than that, but just in the time I had to play.
Paragon 782.
You're right. I'm sure some people are already, actually, somebody on my friends list is already 70.
But I think he did a save file from the PlayStation 3 Diablo, so anyway.
But I am enjoying Diablo 3. It's not without its flaws. It does have a few drawbacks.
Some of the art, sometimes you get hidden behind things, and you can't really see the items or anything.
So some of that art stuff is a really weird drawback.
And yeah, I think it's a little weird how you're zoomed in when you're used to the PC's perspective.
It's really kind of hard to get used to that zoomed in look. But it works.
And I just enjoy being able to plop on the couch and kind of play this mindless, what for me ends up being a beat-em-up.
Because I'm playing a barbarian, so barbarians are very kind of beat-em-up.
It's almost like I'm playing the Ninja Turtles arcade game over and over and getting loot and all that stuff.
You know what else I really don't like about Diablo 3 on console compared to PC is the interface.
I really cannot get used to the click wheel and equipping things that way as opposed to the mouse and keyboard.
But if you don't have the PC version as a frame of reference, that probably won't bug you nearly as bad as it bugged me.
And some of the inventory management actually works out a little better because you can hold more things at a time so you don't have to travel back to town quite as much.
So that part's kind of nice.
So yeah, I've been playing a lot of Diablo 3 and then I've also been playing some Final Fantasy XIV here and there.
But those two games pretty much have been eating up my week.
Maybe a couple other little things here and there, like I think I opened my 3DS to play one little thing.
I got a blue summoner jacket in Final Fantasy XIV and now that's all I'm ever going to play in that game.
You're trying to make everything blue in that game.
You're trying to make your clothes blue, now you're trying to make your chocobo blue after the last patch.
And so I will get there at one point or another.
But you tried dying your chocobo today and it turned out purple.
It was lavender purple.
Good job.
And so I killed it and started over.
No you didn't. You can't do that. You did not euthanize your chocobo.
I deserve to be for not being the right color that I wanted.
Let's see, Bochakawa says, yay, lots of D3 on everyone.
I still prefer the PC version though.
I did hear on a recent interview that Blizzard is working on doing patches for both consoles and PC at the same time.
I really hope that proves true because that was something that really disappointed me about the last versions for the Playstation game.
Well, Blizzard is really trustworthy on what they say they're going to do, so...
Well yeah, and that's why I have valid concern.
I kind of don't believe them when they say that.
Exactly, because that was so awesome.
They better hold to that because the 2.1 patch sounds really, really good and I want to play that on consoles as well.
Cial in chat says, how does Diablo 3 work on a 360?
It doesn't because who owns a 360?
Oh, there's one right there.
What's it doing? How hooked up is it?
It's not hooked up right now.
That TV doesn't even have a power core.
It'll run fine.
The Playstation 3 version was fine.
Ours isn't hooked up. You know what is hooked up?
A Sega CDX.
Better system.
It'll work fine on the 360.
It's just going to be a little...
It won't have quite the sharp, rich textures that the Playstation 4 and Xbox One undoubtedly have with them.
You'll have a little bit lower of a resolution, but I think the experience is still a pretty good one.
However, one word of warning.
Apparently, even though they're going to patch the Playstation 4 and Xbox One versions, they may not patch the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 versions.
So, buyer beware if you do go for those versions.
But the game you get outside of the box and $20 cheaper on those consoles should still be a solid experience.
But I don't believe you have cross-play either.
I don't think a PS3 person can play with a PS4 person.
And that probably has to do with the patching.
So, just beware of that stuff.
Alright.
That is it for our Gaming Week, so let me quickly do housekeeping.
We will not be here next week. There's no podcast next week over Labor Day weekend.
I hope everybody here in the States has a great Labor Day holiday.
For those of you in other places where you don't celebrate Labor Day, well, I hope you just have a good weekend.
But with the extended weekend, there's a lot of stuff that goes on.
People go camping, or they go on trips, or what have you.
And there's a lot of expos going on at that time.
PAX Prime, of particular interest to the gaming community, going on up in Seattle.
For the broader geek community, there's a huge event in Atlanta called DragonCon.
And that's where I'm actually going to be, along with many hosts from the Voice Geeks Network are going to be at DragonCon.
Myself, Bobby Blackwolf, Travis Donovan, John from Critical Myth, Brian from British Invaders.
And that's all I can think of at the top of my head.
I'm pretty sure Pod Culture has some representation as well, even though I know Brad's not there.
I think some of his co-hosts are there.
And so there's just lots of VOG people are going to be at DragonCon.
So if you're going to be in the Atlanta area over Labor Day weekend, please consider come saying hi to us.
Bobby is literally on one panel every day.
And I'm supposed to be joining him on some of those.
The best time to find us will be Monday at 1130, which I know is towards the end of the Con.
So that is going to be the participating panel brought to you by the Voice of Geeks Network.
That is going to be Monday at 1130 a.m.
But if you want to try and meet us earlier in the Con, I would encourage you to go to the podcasting kickoff,
which is going to be Friday, I believe, at 1 p.m.
Bobby's going to be on that panel, and there'll be a lot of the podcaster audience there, including myself.
And I'm sure Travis will be there. A lot of the folks will be there.
So check that out.
And there's lots of stuff I'm trying to figure out.
But the only bummer about Dragon Con is then there's so much to do that things start conflicting.
Like, I just found out Brian from British Invaders sadly can't be on our VOG panel
because he's on a British television panel at the exact same time, which is a bummer.
And then I found out there's this, like, dance party thing I want to go to Saturday night.
And you know what's at the exact same time?
The Twin Peaks 25th Anniversary panel.
And it's like, how do I decide what to do?
What would you do, Shane?
What would you do, Shane? Would you do the Twin Peaks 25th Anniversary, or would you go to the GLBT event?
What would you do?
Okay, I was only kind of interested in Twin Peaks. It got kind of dumb.
So I don't care about that and gay stuff.
Yeah, but you really hate all that, like, dance music and lights and drinks and all that.
So what would I do? I would not go to any of those.
You would go to the hotel room and sleep.
Yes.
You're fun.
Alright. Oh, Brad from Pod Culture correcting me. Nobody from Pod Culture is going.
Well, this year, they're not going.
I always enjoy the Hall-Con.
Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. At Dragon Con, it's insane.
It's when you sit out and hang out with people in the halls or on the lines.
There's no standing or sitting room in any of those halls because it's just so painful.
I know, you find a place.
I know, I know. People have to go around the corners and things like that, so.
I have a funny story about sitting in a line.
Alright, quickly.
I sat in a line for something I didn't go to. It was when Utena was playing at Anime Expo, the Utena movie.
And I just sat outside the movie cleaning off a $15 Sega Saturn game that I bought,
only to determine that the disc was in perfect shape, and I saved myself about 80 bucks because I bought Grandia.
Awesome. Let's see. Other housekeeping. Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're also on Google Plus. Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
One other thing that's very important before we get to the news tonight.
We want to wish our friends, sadly these gals are not going to Dragon Con,
and I don't think they're going to PAX either, so sadly I will not be able to see them,
but I will always cherish our E3 time together and that one PAX East I went to.
But these gals are great. The Electric Sistahood, which you can hear Tuesdays here at the Voice of Geeks Network,
they are having their 400th episode this week on Tuesday.
And that is a huge milestone. Like very few podcasts get to a number like that.
So I want to give props to the sisters over at Electric Sistahood on reaching their 400th episode,
which I'm imagining they probably taped today in advance of their Tuesday premiere.
So big congratulations to them and their show is a lot of fun and I love hanging out with them in person.
So big congrats on 400 episodes for you folks.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news. Dang it, it's time.
So Shane perk up and let's get into some gaming news.
Well, I was looking at pictures of Power Morphicons.
Did that help you feel better?
Yeah, the screen ranger that is cosplaying is super hot.
Alright, fair enough.
So Atari decided that they didn't ruin Alone in the Dark enough that time they put it out on.
I think it was PS3 and Xbox 360, so they're going to reboot it again,
along with this dumb game called Haunted House that you guys talked about earlier.
That sounded stupid.
Okay, wait a minute though, wait a minute though.
It's because it was a 2600 game.
Doesn't matter.
You don't have an appreciation for the classics.
No, I don't.
Have you ever played like Flappy Bird or...
I tried, it was so dumb and then I tried that helicopter one and that was even worse.
Yeah, I totally left that out of my gaming week, but I played that swing cop.
Yeah, and then I deleted it.
But you know what I'm realizing about Dong Wen?
Is that he does a really good job making like Atari 2600 style cell phone games.
Because Atari 2600 games, most of them were like a singular concept.
That's all it was.
Like, you know, all the games were one word too.
Boxing, pinball, you know, oink.
It was a game about the three little pigs.
And they were all like just one little thing, but you had to do it very well.
And the Dong Wen games kind of do that same thing.
They do it really well.
The swing copter one, he doesn't do that one very well.
It's so hard.
Garbage.
But so, like if you go play an Atari 2600 game like, oh god, Stampede.
Have you ever, you don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I don't even know what that is.
Okay, like Stampede is a really gross, hard Atari 2600 game as well.
At least I think so.
E.T. was hard anyway.
E.T. was scary.
But I digress.
Haunted House was a classic.
Yeah, you play as Eyeball.
And I'm sure they were, I thought they rebooted Haunted House once already.
They did, apparently.
It was on the Wii and Xbox Live Arcade in 2010.
Yeah.
I'd never even heard of it.
It looked, they cartooned it up.
Cartoon eyeballs?
No, they, I don't know, they tried to make it look like something else.
Anyway, they are going to unveil both Haunted House and that other one I said, Alone in
the Dark at PAX.
So, if you go to PAX, you can go watch this and then decide that it's terrible, just like
I already prejudged it.
It sounds like we might get a lot of gaming news out of PAX, which usually you don't get
a lot of news out of PAX.
It's like you're getting, you might get to play things in advance, like of the holiday
season, but you don't get a lot of news out of PAX.
This is interesting that you've got some companies waiting on announcements for PAX.
All right, well, earlier, Shane was teasing Blizzard for not giving through on some of
their promises that they make, so he's doubting the Diablo 3 patch.
Well, Blizzard isn't the only company that seems to go back on what they say.
In fact, a company that has been giving Blizzard a little bit of competition going back on
some of the things that they are saying, and that would be the creators of WildStar.
What happened to WildStar?
It was awful.
Well, I didn't play it, so I don't know.
I have friends that are really into it.
It's okay, but there was so much momentum behind that game, and then it came out, and
it was still there, and then just dropped off.
Well, sure enough, there you go, because at Gamescom, the senior game designer, Megan
Starks, talked about how the MMO will be going from monthly updates to more occasional updates,
one update every few months.
They are unable to keep up the smaller, more frequent patches mantra that became somewhat
of a rallying cry in MMOs.
Here's the quote from Megan.
Originally, our idea was to have a really aggressive post-launch schedule, just constantly
provide stuff for our players, so there's always things for you to do.
Now that we've put out two of our updates, our schedule is still planned out.
We decided to work on the upcoming patch until it's a really good quality state.
We do know that we want it to come out in the next few months.
Instead of saying that we have this hard deadline, that it's going out no matter what,
we're going to take the time to make sure that the quality is there.
Aw, they must have got that from a Blizzard form letter.
Like that little handbook?
It sounds like something Blizzard would say.
Now, one MMO that you really, really, really tried, very hard to get me back into, was
Final Fantasy XI, and you didn't really succeed, maybe a little bit.
I didn't really try either, but you did resubscribe and played for a little bit.
Technically, I succeeded.
My account's still active, so I guess you got that.
Mine's not.
Really?
Yeah.
You asshole.
All right.
I only just canceled it.
But the thing about XI, that I was going to say Final Fantasy XI is that they're still
doing monthly updates, right?
Yeah, and it actually makes the game more fun.
It's little content that just makes it more enjoyable each time.
I think that's where these developers go wrong.
They think they have to have these grandiose patches that can entertain you for forever
and will do them every three to five months.
But if you just do one little patch a month, then that's all you need.
It'll get you to the next month when another patch will be out.
Exactly.
sg100matt says, I really liked WildStar when I tried it out a few times.
Hopefully this isn't a sign of bad things to come.
Let's hope not.
I wonder how their subscriber numbers are holding up.
I wonder if the game's still doing well.
I would think that they would have said something by now if it still was doing well,
because it's been out for a little bit.
Not to be the negative cynical gamer.
That's me. Don't take mine.
No, there's people on the internet much worse than you.
But I would have expected fully by now that Elder Scrolls Online would have changed.
I would have thought that that game would have already dropped, but it hasn't.
So, I mean, kudos to the support that that game is getting, apparently.
It could just be them being stubborn.
Yeah, that could be it, too. We'll see.
All right, moving on. DarkSakura.
Well, this is a little bit of sadness, and it was addressed on Bobby's show earlier.
But Sony is going to be shutting down PlayStation Home in Japan.
Actually, as far as I'm aware, it's for the Asian region in general.
There's nothing to say about North American or European versions yet,
but it will be gone as of March 2015 over in Japan.
So, boo-hoo.
Where are all the pedophiles going to go now?
Oh, stop it. Why do you say that?
They'll be on 2chan.
I don't know what that is, but okay.
Well, 4chan started because of 2chan in Japan.
Okay. I've never even been to 4chan, so...
Good riddance to Sony Home. I'm a Sony fanboy.
I think that's safe to say by this point.
And I think Home was a neat idea that did not turn out so great when they actually implemented it.
So you admit that it was a neat idea.
Yeah, but neat ideas don't always give good results to actual things.
That was my whole thing.
It'd be a neat idea to fly to the sun, because that's cool-sounding.
But if you got there, you would die.
Alright, look. I'm half with you, I'm half not.
Because I definitely see there's a lot of passionate people in the home.
Because I remember we did some stuff in the early days of VOG that was a little more involved with Home.
And we met a lot of very cool people who I assure you were not pedophiles.
Do you have proof?
You're such an asshole.
Anyway...
That's a no.
Do you have proof?
I don't need it, because I'm the one that's making the claim.
You have to defend that.
Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot this was the internet.
Oh, what a great...
What a little current events personified little exchange that was.
Anyway, the thing about PlayStation Home, though, is obviously it had a very passionate community.
And they were doing a lot of great things that really bent the limitations that Sony really had for Home.
I'm not sure if the PlayStation 3 was the right console for Home.
And I sort of... It's kind of too bad that because it probably didn't really get fleshed out on the PlayStation 3,
that they're going to give it another go on the PlayStation 4.
Because I think with the background updating and the quicker turn on and launch times,
which is a huge thing, trust me, give it a 3,
I think PlayStation 4 actually could have been a lot better for Home.
So I'm kind of sad to see it go.
But I also kind of feel like Sony kind of had this one idea out there,
and then it really didn't end up doing anything.
Like, I remember I paid five bucks or whatever for a clubhouse for OLR,
because I was like, oh, you know, I like to try to get on new technologies and new social media.
And I thought, OK, PlayStation Home might be like this thing.
So I got a clubhouse for it.
And, you know, one of the things you can do in the clubhouse is you have this TV screen,
but you can't do anything with it.
And it's like, wouldn't it be great if I could put like a podcast up there
or even like a movie with still pictures
or something like they do in some of the theater rooms in Sony Home?
Like, it would be great.
Switch between different members playing a game.
Yeah, or something like that.
Like, I really feel like I could have done more with that,
but I was too limited by Sony Home.
And maybe they were just worried that if they made it too free for all,
people were just going to show boobs in their clubhouse and things like that,
which, you know, whatever, maybe that's what they were worried of.
But with some moderation or maybe some more partnerships with, you know,
more indie content, I think it could have been like a really cool little thing.
So I'm kind of sad to see it go.
One thing that Home also did pretty well, I think, was some of the E3 conferences,
being able to kind of log in there and see the conferences in Home kind of worked out pretty well.
But, you know, again, it's going in Japan.
It's not going in the U.S., probably because it has had more popularity here in the U.S.
than it has had in Japan, but I imagine its days are sadly numbered here too.
And this is going to be a matter of the PlayStation 3 phasing out in general
because Sony wants people to upgrade to the PlayStation 4, right?
So I'm sure that'll be a thing.
I don't know if they want that to happen
because they said they don't even know who's buying them.
What do you mean? Who's buying what?
The PS4s. Did you not see that?
Oh, yeah, something about they don't know who's buying them?
Yeah.
This is weird. Well, I somehow don't think it's PlayStation Home fans, necessarily,
who are buying it, so it's not going to affect me.
Pedophiles like white vans.
Oh, stop it. All right.
Moving on. Shane, it's you.
Okay, so like in MMOs, people buy and sell gold or currency all the time.
Apparently, that's a thing in FIFA as well with the FIFA Ultimate Team thing in FIFA.
I don't know what that is.
But anyway, so EA is like, you guys can't do that anymore because that's cheating.
So they initiated this penalty ban process.
So if you are buying coins and promoting the purchase of these coins in FIFA Ultimate Team,
you have like a three-strike rule.
Oh, I'm sorry. It's soccer, a three-card rule.
Well, a whistle and two cards.
So the first offense...
A whistle and two cards?
That's the image. I'm looking right here.
This guy's got a whistle and he's got a card and then he has two cards.
Anyway, so your first offense.
If you are buying coins or promoting the purchase of coins,
you will get a warning email and an in-game message.
If you do it again, your FIFA Ultimate Team Club will be reset
and your FIFA points will be returned to you, and that's a yellow card offense.
Your third offense, which is red, you get a permanent FIFA Online ban.
However, if you are the one doing the selling or the farming of the coins to be sold,
you only get one chance and that chance is...
You go straight to red, it says, and once they find you doing that once,
you are permanently banned online for all EA games, not just FIFA.
Good.
I'm kind of glad they're doing this, though, because I seem to remember on the Xbox 360,
remember when we all got our accounts hacked?
Even though we were all pissed off that the PlayStation Network got breached,
everybody was actually losing money on the Xbox 360 hacks that we still, to this day,
don't really know how it was done, but they were doing FIFA stuff.
It was all FIFA.
It was all FIFA card trading and all this stuff, so I'm glad that...
Let's see, what are we at here, like eight years later?
The EA is really...
That was not eight years ago.
No, it was not eight years ago.
Alright, gee, fair.
It was probably more like...
Three or four at the most.
No, no.
Because I remember when it was happening.
No.
Because it happened to you.
Because it was...
The 360 was out in 2006, right?
Yeah, but it wasn't right then.
More like 09.
Probably like 09.
Which would be like...
Five years.
But anyway, the specific timing of events aside, it's nice the EA is really putting
their foot down on this stuff and discouraging this behavior.
And to be fair, they probably have done something similar in previous years,
but it's nice to see them step it up and get it out there.
This is a no cheatin' zone.
A no cheatin'...
A no sellin'.
They should send pictures of those cards and whistles to the...
They should.
If the people are causing these offenses.
They should actually have an animation where the, you know, thing...
If you get the whistle one, you should play a whistle sound as soon as you open your email about it.
Or play the whistle song.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
No one else found that funny.
There's a DDR fan out there somewhere that understands the joke.
All right.
Oh, oh.
Alan says it was in 2011 because PSN was down for six weeks during Portal when Portal 2 came out.
So I was right and you were wrong.
Yeah, but the 360 stuff happened before.
You were wrong.
No, it was during the same time.
You're awful.
All right.
Blame your boyfriend.
Okay, wait.
No, because I can prove this wrong.
Because all that happened when I was living at the house and I moved into the apartment in 2010.
So it was when I was in the house.
It was 2009.
I'm telling you.
No, I have anecdotal evidence here.
I don't even care anymore.
All right.
Moving on.
Apparently, you know who else doesn't care about things?
Ubisoft doesn't care about the Wii U.
All right, maybe I'm being a little bit harsh and sensationalist.
No.
Here's the deal.
Here's the deal.
That's true.
They don't.
Ubisoft is officially stepping back development on Wii U.
I mean, this really isn't surprising information.
This has kind of been something we've seen coming for a while.
But this is based on some comments that happened at Gamescom where there was some discussion with the CEO where essentially, you know, they're happy that folks are upgrading to the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4 real quick and that things are great for the PlayStation 3 and the 360.
But when it comes to sales on the Wii and Wii U, it doesn't look so good.
Nintendo Wii U sales represented only 3% of the total for the fiscal year ending March 31st, 2014.
To put that into perspective, Xbox 360 was 27%.
PlayStation 3 was 25%.
PlayStation 4 was 9%, so three times what Wii U was.
Xbox One was 6%.
You want to hear one that's really scary, though?
The Vita was 1%.
Would they have out on Vita just an Assassin's Creed game?
I think that's it.
So the fact that it was even 1% is amazing.
Right.
So, anyway.
I don't think you can get Just Dance on Vita.
Yeah.
Well, and this is important to say is that Ubisoft is not abandoning Nintendo completely.
They're just not going to put out really mature games anymore.
Just Dance will be a series that continues on Wii and Wii U because there's a more, I guess, family-friendly perception on the Wii.
However, Ubisoft will bring Watch Dogs to Wii U.
It will be the only mature game we publish on it, was the quote, even though they did Zombie U, so it won't be the only mature game.
Well, and they did Assassin's Creed's End, isn't it?
Yeah, it'll be the last, I guess, mature game that they do on it.
There you go.
I'm surprised they're still even putting Watch Dogs out at this point.
I am too, actually.
They should really just cancel it.
I gotta be honest.
If Watch Dogs comes out on Wii U, it's not going to sell for the same reason that all these other ports of year-old games didn't sell on Wii U.
The third parties, I kind of think, set the Wii U up to fail in that regard.
I mean, I realize some of the ports may be really good versions and so forth, but it's just they're old games.
People are not convinced to get a new system and buy these $60 ports of games most people have already played.
So I kind of agree that they ought to just cancel Watch Dogs on the Wii U.
I mean, I know Nintendo fans are not going to be happy with me saying that, but I'm sorry.
Nintendo fans, are you really waiting for Watch Dogs to come out, or is it just another game you want on the system just to have another game?
Yeah, or do you really want Smash Brothers and all the other stuff we're all excited about on the Wii U?
Yeah, because when did they say Watch Dogs is coming out?
Next year, probably.
No, they said next year now?
I don't know, when is it? I think before the end of the fiscal year, March 31st.
Okay, yeah, at that point Smash Brothers will be out and nobody will be playing anything but Smash Brothers on there anyway, or Bayonetta.
So then, just cancel it.
So yeah, I'm still rooting for the Wii U.
I really hope that it gets a lot of sales continuing through the holidays with Mario Kart and so forth, and some third-party companies will step up.
But yeah, I think the types of games you're going to see companies putting on it are just, you're going to see less mature titles in general.
Because Nintendo doesn't really do a lot of those, unless Bayonetta 2 does really well.
But I'm not expecting it to do great.
But I'm hoping it will at least be enough to be satisfactory. Let's hope.
Alright, moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, there has been a study that was released, and actually this news comes from PBS, which I thought was really interesting.
I also do have to thank Ranma for the information.
It says that video gamers are now, the highest percentage is adult female gamers outnumbering now teenage boys as the biggest gaming demographic.
But mostly that has to do just with casual games, that women were more likely to play iOS games, or other smartphone games, or casual games.
But that there are so much more of them than adolescent boys playing Call of Duty.
Yeah, but wouldn't adolescence be under 18? So hopefully there's, that is an M-rated game, so I hope there's not a lot of them playing there.
But I mean, it's demographic. There are more, now women playing, adult women playing games, broad statements to each, than boys under 18 playing games.
So, that just goes back to, you know, if it had been 20 years ago, and everyone had a Super Nintendo, it could just play it on the side.
They would all be playing Tetris. They would all be playing, you know, Actraiser or SimEarth.
Let me ask a weird question though, because we know that the rise of women gamers to take over this demographic has to do with mobile gaming in large part.
Mobile and Facebook gaming, right? But when we talk mobile gaming, we talk about things like Kim Kardashian Hollywood.
It was mentioned in the article.
It's not a terrible game.
I will play it.
Really?
It's got good music and it's not terrible.
Rob, I'm the person who released a picture of the woman with her face photoshopped off that said publicity on it.
I don't get it.
It was an artistic statement, Rob.
Oh, excuse me, I guess I missed it.
Because her whole thing is, you know, being all shallow and pretty and whatever it is that her family gets famous for, I have no idea.
They're famous for being famous, just like Paris Hilton was.
So, I photoshopped off her face.
Even in history, there's been people like this, you know.
Wasn't Zsa Zsa Gabor kind of in that department originally too?
Was she more famous for being famous than anything else?
There was her and Ava, both actresses.
And did stage, I thought.
Yeah, well, Paris Hilton was an actress too.
Yeah, but she was...
I think it's a little bit different.
The people who were famous for being famous would be like the socialite crowd, which there's always been that.
I mean, you had people in middling aristocracy who were famous for their reputation and that they showed up everywhere.
Rather than them actually having any sort of main claim to proper marriages or sleeping with people on the throne or anything like that.
I mean, if you want to look at it in a historical sense.
People have been oddly obsessed with the people with money.
Which is stupid, but still.
Alright.
Well, let's travel around the world and check out release dates of some games coming out for boys and girls and men and women everywhere.
And I just realized that you probably don't have the US release dates, do you?
Sure don't. So nothing's coming out of the US this week, everybody.
I'll make stuff up.
If we can do things out of order a little bit.
Dark Soccer, would you start with the UK releases?
And I'll get the US ones up here.
You know what? I'm totally not even ready for that.
Oh my gosh, you guys!
You guys, I didn't do anything wrong.
No, I have the dates for the week.
Because usually I look up the dates except that the site isn't loading.
Because your internet sucks.
I did notice that those dates weren't there like an hour ago.
I'm sorry, Rob. I have lag.
I have lag. Latency.
Alright, actually I've got it. I've got US releases. I'll take care of this for Shane.
Got it.
Okay, so US releases. Here we go.
Coming out on the 26th of August.
Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth 1 on the PlayStation Vita.
Infamous First Light on the PlayStation 4.
Oh yeah, Infamous is coming out this week.
Metro Redo for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
The Walking Dead Season 2 Episode 5 hitting across the various consoles.
The final episode.
That's right.
And the big, big, big, big, big release this week.
Madden NFL 15 is out this week.
No one cares.
Somebody cares. That's a huge selling game.
No, no. Because I have friends that play Madden and they agree.
It is just the same game every year with a different number.
But yet people still buy it.
Yeah, because they're dumb.
But wouldn't...
Because of football!
Wasn't DDR the same game with different songs?
Yeah.
And that was what made it great because of different songs.
Geez, Rob. Get it right.
No, I'm not even going to defend it.
It doesn't need anyone's defense. It's DDR.
All right. All right. Going to Japan real quick.
I want to go to Japan.
Real quick.
No, for a long time.
On the PlayStation 4, Transformers Rise of the Dark Spark comes out in Japan this week.
I know. We are really excited about Transformers here.
You know what? Real quick, quick, quick, quick pause.
Guardians of the Galaxy beat out Transformers.
They actually went behind and then came back and beat out Transformers for top grossing summer meeting.
Have you seen that yet?
Yes, I have and it was awesome.
Except for the end-end.
The end-end was great.
Oh my god, it's the worst part of the movie.
Back to Japan. The PlayStation 3 is very busy this week on August 28th.
Callidurius Blaze, I totally mispronounced that I'm sure, comes out on the 28th of August.
Dragon's Dogma Dark Arisen in a special packaging is out this week as well as Grid Autosport.
My favorite game title, Muv Luv.
Photon Melodies is out this week in regular and limited edition.
Persona 4, the Ultimax Ultra Suplex Hold.
What the hell is that? Do you know about that?
You're a Persona fan, right Shane?
What?
What is Persona 4, the Ultimax Ultra Suplex Hold?
It's the fighting game, the updated version of it.
I have it on PS3, the first one.
Gotcha.
It's fun.
Sacred 3, out in Japan this week, as well as Super Robot Taisen Oji Saga Maso Kishin F-Coffin of the End.
There's another Robot Wars game.
When isn't there a Robot Wars game?
And Transformers Rise of the Dark Spark on PlayStation 3 as well.
On the Wii U...
Nothing.
On the Vita, believe it or not, quite a bit.
There's like a ton of shit on the Vita this week.
Japan likes the Vita.
Japan loves the Vita.
The Vita's great. Japanese people got it right.
You can play Cho-Jigen Action Neptune U, regular limited edition.
Kiss Bell, regular limited edition.
Three different volumes of Love Live School Idol Paradise.
There's three different volumes.
So, if you are into your idol games.
Um...
Meccu Cross Blood Infinity Ultimate.
Renai Zero Kilometer V.
Rewrite.
And Tokaidin Kiwami come out in regular and what they call a treasure box this week.
Good lord, that's a lot of stuff on the PlayStation Vita.
Quickly checking the 3DS to see if maybe there's a little competition in the handheld world.
Just one game.
Metarot 8 in Kabuto and Kawagata versions coming out this week.
Which looks like it's basically probably robot Pokemon.
That's kind of what it is.
So, there you go.
Do you play Pokemon knock off games too, Shane?
No.
Or do you only play the main series?
I'll only play Pokemon.
I played the Digimon card game for a while on the Wonderswan.
Did you?
That was pretty fun.
Shane, you're not into Digimon either?
Nope.
Digimon is better than anything.
At least the anime was.
Dark Soccer, how about the UK?
Yeah, I guess.
Now that I've had time to prepare.
On the 28th, the Steamworld Dig for Wii U.
And then on the 29th, there's a bunch of Madden crap.
And then Metro Redux.
And that's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week.
And it's an awesome game.
And I know how to annoy my husband playing it.
Wait, wait, wait.
According to the chat room, the comment JP was talking about,
Yo-kai Watch.
I believe that's like a Pokemon ripoff, kind of.
I will play that.
It does pique my interest.
It's huge over there too.
They said it's coming out over here in 2015.
Yeah.
So I will play that.
I will play that too.
I'll have Shane decide if I should play it or not.
Shane, decide for him to play it please.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see.
I'll probably do it though.
You should probably convince me to finish playing Pokemon X.
Finish playing Pokemon X?
That's adorable.
There's still so many more gems to go.
What is Jamie missing by not playing Pokemon X?
Adorable Pokemon.
I don't know.
I get tired of that rabbit one keep showing up.
I love the stupid Bunnelby.
He's adorable.
I'm like, God damn it.
I don't want a Bunnelby.
No, you do.
You should have heard the disgusting things he was saying about getting a shiny Bumblebee
or whatever they're called.
Bunnelby.
I want a houndoom.
I wasn't the one saying it.
Somebody else did.
I'll play if you give me a houndoom.
You want a houndoom?
I'll give you a houndoom.
Fine.
I'll play my game.
Okay.
We'll do it.
Fine.
What the fuck is happening?
This is why Shane and I don't have a podcast.
We did a pilot once.
Yeah right.
Whatever happened to that show?
Whatever happened to that show?
Nothing's happening in Mass Effect, so it doesn't even matter.
When Mass Effect 4 comes out, we'll do our podcast.
Mass Effect 4?
Because we don't know.
Mass Effect whatever the fuck it is edition.
Shane, put down Pokemon because you got a story to read.
He's like reluctantly and I'm getting pouty face as he's slowly putting the DS down.
Like I just ruined his entire fucking day.
I am trying to...
It's like you just stabbed his Bunnelby in the face.
Don't stab my Bunnelby.
I don't want to stab your Bunnelby.
Oh, the gross one?
Yeah.
Somebody did stab that Bunnelby with something else.
So video gaming.
Sure.
So Final Fantasy Explorers is this Final Fantasy game that looks a lot like Phantasy Star Online to me.
And it's got a release date in Japan now.
It's December 18th.
Okay, back to Pokemon.
Wait.
No, no.
As a Final Fantasy fan, because you are, you play a lot of...
You know what?
I can't even really say I'm a Final Fantasy fan.
Like I don't think I am.
Really?
Yeah.
As much as you play 11 and 14 and bully your friends into playing them.
Yeah, okay.
But if I like count the number of Final Fantasy games that I have either beaten or cared about
versus the amount of games that have come out, I don't think I could consider myself a fan.
But are you excited about this one because it's like Monster Hunter?
No, because I say it's like PSO because I don't care about Monster Hunter.
But I do care about PSO.
I want to check it out very badly because I love PSO.
I'm playing Destiny because it's like PSO.
Yeah, I want to play that because it's like PSO too.
What's exciting is that I go to Atlanta on Wednesday, right?
And I get back on like Monday and we're only going to be like a week away from Destiny at that point.
Super excited.
Seattle says that I'm a terrible person.
I know.
We all know that.
That's probably true.
Why am I a terrible person, Seattle?
That's why we love you, Shane.
Because you're terrible.
Also, you forgot the Professor Layton versus Phoenix Wright game coming out next week, I guess.
I forgot about it too because, honestly, I don't care anymore.
I forgot about it on purpose.
It came out so long ago in every other territory, so I'm over it.
Captain Spike, our pal from gamebuoy.org, says,
I'll be importing that Final Fantasy X Monster Hunter heart.
Now here's the thing, and Captain Spike I know disagrees with me quite strongly on this,
but I really tried that Monster Hunter demo on Wii U.
I did too.
It was so awful.
It was garbage.
It was awful.
And, you know, I've tried it on PSP now.
I've tried it on Wii U.
It was worse than Ni No Kuni's demo.
Oh, and that was a bad demo.
That was a bad demo.
For a bad game.
No, it wasn't a bad game at all.
It was a really bad game.
But here's the thing.
I ended up really liking Ni No Kuni, right?
Even though the demo was awful.
It had a good combat system.
It's like Final Fantasy XII.
Great combat system.
Ni No Kuni was kind of Pokemon-y.
I said the combat system was good, but the game was awful.
But I guess I just need to try the full Monster Hunter.
I don't know.
Captain Spike, you're going to need to bring your copy of Monster Hunter up here and give
it a good old try to get me to find the love for this series, I guess.
I finally have to update Pokemans, by the way, because I didn't actually have the patch installed.
Oops.
Jamie, I'm going to give you a Houndour that you evolve into Houndoom.
Okay.
And Captain Spike says it demos awfully, especially the way they put the demos together.
The real games are awesome.
I wonder if I could find the Wii U game for like 20 bucks now.
Like, I'm sure it's got to be in clearance bins everywhere.
Maybe.
We'll see.
Anyhow, moving on to one more story here before we get to the classic game of the week.
And this is a follow-up to something we had started with last week.
And it's the latest Twitch phenomenon.
Well, we had Twitch plays Pokemon, and then we had, you know, all this other crazy stuff.
And then we had fish that were playing Pokemon.
And I believe Loki on this very show said last week, they ought to be playing fighting
games, and the two fish can fight each other and beat each other up.
Well, sure enough.
And I'm sure they didn't get the idea from this show, but we like to think they did.
There are two fish, Aquarius and Robert the Bruce, are playing in a tank, playing Street
Fighter II Turbo.
And what happens is that the tank, basically in the nine sections, they have the tank split
into nine sections.
They each correspond to a different button on the controller for whatever the emulator
or whatever it is they're running.
So, as the fish swims around the tank, it controls their movements.
So, there you go.
And yeah, you can watch the fish battle each other in Street Fighter II Turbo.
And it's kind of, you're literally watching people button mash for an entire tournament.
People are really into it.
There's talk of betting.
I do that when I watch people do that playing Tekken.
One of the fish got sponsored.
Yeah.
But are they fish?
Are they fish playing Tekken?
Probably have the attention span of fish.
Jamie, would you like a male or female Houndour?
I think I would like a female, because I'm into the bitches.
Well, maybe if you guys could put your Pokemon down for like two seconds.
You know, remember a day when you couldn't trade anything from one game to another?
Because you had your save file on your cartridge and that was it.
We're going to take a step back into gaming's history.
And Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you kids should be playing this game this week.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is X-Men Children of the Atom.
Because I'm going back to my theme of doing CPS2 games by Capcom.
So X-Men Children of the Atom is a fighting game that stars the X-Men and the bad guys
and the X-Men.
So the plot for it is based off the Fatal Attraction storyline.
And it's really the X-Men, like the Jim Lee era X-Men versus Magneto, Juggernaut,
Omega Red, Silver Samurai.
So yeah.
And Rama brings up Rod Caliber.
Rod Caliber was awesome and everyone should try it at least once.
But basically those are some of the other characters in the game.
In fact, I will go through the full roster.
You have Colossus, Cyclops, Iceman, Psylocke, Storm, and Wolverine.
The bad guys were Omega Red, Sentinel, Silver Samurai, Spiral, Juggernaut, and Magneto.
So I've recently remembered everyone except for Spiral, who is who I used a lot of times in the game.
This came out in December 1994.
There was a CD out for it everywhere.
And the Saturn version was the best version.
The Saturn one allows you to actually play as the Juggernaut in two player versus mode with a cheat code.
And the Playstation 1 was kind of crap because it didn't have nearly the memory
because the Saturn one used the 4-meg RAM cartridge.
It was pretty much arcade perfect.
It only missed a few frames.
But I mean, yeah, it's just standard fighting game fare.
It's, you know, Capcom 90s fighting game.
But it was one of the best ones in a franchise that definitely lent itself very well to fighting games.
And I know I've already brought up the X-Men game that Konami did, which was a side-scrolling beat-em-up.
It was about time we had a fighting game.
And of course, after that, Brit spawned one of my favorite, which was X-Men versus Street Fighter,
which I think I've brought up before, which means the almighty team of Cammy and Gambit, which my husband hates.
So that's it.
X-Men Children of the Atom on the CPS2 system.
Or the Sega Saturn.
I like to play Storm in this and just throw tornadoes over and over and over again.
It was a lot of fun.
Titan! Titan!
I played Psylocke a whole lot. I was also really good with Wolverine.
Got your Pokemon for you.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
X-Men Children of the Atom.
Yet another game in Capcom's CPS2 arcade series.
I'm still waiting for my Quiz and Dragons, but that's all right.
That was a pretty good choice, I suppose.
What's a Quiz and Dragon?
I'm not even going to try to explain.
Was it a Capcom fighting game?
No, you had to battle wits.
No, it wasn't a fighting game.
So it was a school thing.
No, it wasn't really a school thing. Forget it.
Shane, I think it's too intellectual for you.
I think it's the problem.
All right, anyhow, we're going to take a break, guys.
When we come back, there's plenty more Orange Lounge ready to come, including rapid-fire news, the FUGO Question of the Week,
your phone calls at 1877-GAMO-LR, our mailbag, which we have a lot of mail tonight,
and more when we come back with Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, August 24th, 2014,
with the 565th episode of our show already in progress.
Loki not here tonight, but Shane is filling in tonight, and at the beginning of the show, Shane was super tired,
but then suddenly Jamie was like, let's trade Pokmon, and now Shane's like, yay!
I can't be awake for that. It's important.
I've been naming all of these Pokmon, like Butt This, and this one I'm going to name Farquaad.
You guys are so mature. I love it.
I'm a grown-up.
Anyway, I know we can't play the music for the podcast folks, but for those of you that are listening on the podcast feed,
we did some break music there tonight.
We did a song from Parappa the Rappa, the last stage where they're kind of doing their big concert,
and Shane and Jamie were both singing along, which was kind of adorable.
It's a great song.
I haven't played that game in forever. I really need to go back.
I have Umjama Lamy as a PS1 classic, but I don't know if I ever bought Parappa the Rappa.
I like Lamy better.
I could let you borrow my copy of Parappa.
Well, I think I have Parappa on disc in one of these mini boxes that's still unpacked because LOL moving.
I actually have the PSP version.
You can't play PS1 games on a PS4.
Remember, it doesn't have that backwards compatibility anymore, but I guess I can play it on PlayStation 3.
I still have that hooked up.
Alright, Shane, we can trade.
Oh my god.
Also, during the break tonight, we had a song from Katamari Damacy, which is...
Not the best song that you could have picked, but...
She picked it.
I picked it because it's one of my favorites.
It's a good one. There's one that's better.
I like Wanda Wanda.
I like that one.
I like Wanda from DDR.
I like Katamari Mino.
I will always still love Katamari on the Rocks.
I mean, that's the one that everybody's...
But I really, really like Kei Sera Sera, just because it makes me think of the old crooners.
I think that's my second or third favorite song on there.
I'm really ready for the return of Katamari Damacy.
I know they did the Vita game just a couple years ago, but I'm ready for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Katamari.
Like, a new game. I don't know. I miss those games. They were really fun.
I mean, well, some of them got a little old, I guess.
Maybe that's why they've put the series on hibernation for a while.
But I think I'm ready for a new game.
Maybe it would be a good download title. I don't know.
Would you guys be in for a new Katamari game if they decided to put one out?
Maybe. I think the last few were kind of terrible.
You know what I think was really part of the charm about Katamari Damacy, and really the key thing,
was that the reason why the game did so damn well is that when it first came out on PlayStation 2, it was a $20 game.
Like, Namco was experimenting, I think, with this budget series, because there was a music game that was out at the same time as well that was $20 that people didn't talk about as much.
But I remember there was that one, too, because it had some of the BeatMania 2DX people that were in it randomly.
I can't remember the name of it. Somebody in chat will probably remember, though.
It was called NotBeatMania.
It didn't look anything like it. It was like a big circle. I can't remember.
A big circle?
Do you remember Garrett? He really liked that game. Oh well, forget it.
Anyway.
I'm getting there.
Oh my god, you guys are like, consumed with your trading.
It says you're not available, Shane.
I just hit it.
Let's see. But anyway, the thing was that those were budget games. They were like $20 games.
And then when the sequels came out, it was like $40, $50.
It was like, I don't know, something about paying that budget price for such an awesome little game felt really, really awesome.
So anyway.
Technic Beat, says Dark Tetsuya. That sounds right, but I might be wrong.
And you might be wrong. I don't know.
And yeah, Dark Tetsuya says it was Sampling Masters Mega. Yeah, that's it.
I don't think I ever played that.
It was Technic Beat. That was it.
Alright. Okay, going to some of the other comments in our chat room.
Fifth Dream says, I'm so fucking wishing for a return of Vib Ribbon. Okay.
No, because that's the one thing Sony did wrong was tease us this year.
Yeah, when they pulled that shit at E3, where they showed Vib Ribbon, I was like, oh my god, they're gonna bring back Vib Ribbon!
And then they were like, hey, remember Vib Ribbon?
Here's something else.
It didn't come out in America.
It didn't come out in America.
You son of a bitch.
And they used Vib Ribbon, I think, if I remember right, to segue into Dead Island.
Yeah, what the?
They used a game that didn't come out in the US.
So annoying.
So annoying. You know what, Sony, however, Sony could, could still right this wrong.
I'm just saying.
They could, they could put it on their little streaming service or something when they, but then again, you wouldn't be able to use your own music, so it probably wouldn't be as cool.
Alright.
Oh my god, Asha, that's adorable.
Right? That's why I make a million of them.
And I even think the clowns are disgusting, so this is awesome.
You guys, I need help. If you want this to devolve into Pokemon chat, then, you know, say so in chat.
But if you want them to stay on task, then you need to yell.
That is the only task that happens.
Yell at them in chat. Alright.
Let's get to some rapid fire news, though. We gotta try and keep things moving.
So Shane, what do you have for us?
I'll just do this really quick thing, because it's rapid fire, and I don't know how this is supposed to go anyway.
So, there's a guy that was a fan of Metal Gear that was remaking the entire game, like a, like a redo or a reimagining or whatever.
And Konami was kinda like, okay, that's fine, whatever. And now they're like, nope.
Psych.
There's that story.
I think it was more than one guy, just so you know, because there were like people-
Well, when they say fan remake, I'm just gonna make it singular.
People in the industry were like actually helping with that.
And I think David Hayter, it said, was a part of it, but whatever.
Next story. Some dude named Joshua Rubin, used to work for Bungie, was working on Destiny, he was part of the creative team there.
But now he's jumped over to Telltale to work on the Game of Thrones game.
And he also-
You're a Game of Thrones fan, are you looking forward to that?
I don't know, because I'm not a huge fan of Telltale games.
Why not?
Like, at all. I don't think- I think their games are-
I thought you liked The Walking Dead.
I can't even really play it, because it's scary, because it's zombies.
But, no, every time I play their games, they look really buggy, and I'm not a fan of their art styles, ever.
And he used to work for EA as the lead writer, and Capcom.
Okay, next story.
How many of these do I have? Because I'm just closing windows as I go.
The people that make You Don't Know Jack, they have-
No, no, no, no, no, the Final Fantasy XIV is your last one.
What? Then why is this out of order?
It's not out of order.
Well, on my thing, it's out of order, because that's where I clicked.
Man, this should be a bigger story.
Hold on, it's not working. Okay.
Final Fantasy, you linked me to the European version.
What is your problem? This is probably not even accurate, because of that.
I think Shane should be on the show all the time.
Because, like, critical of what Rob does.
Because it's funny.
This is my last Orange Launch Radio, everybody. It's been a pleasure.
Last week on Hoard House, he killed me.
Because you yelled, you ran into the room, and you threw ice on my head,
and Grandpa yelled, Ice Bucket Challenge.
Which had nothing to do with the charity itself.
First of all, I didn't run in here. I snuck in quietly, because you didn't know I was here.
And I dropped an ice cube on your head, because somebody asked me to do it.
I was just being nice.
Anyway, Final Fantasy XIV, they're doing their one year anniversary celebration right now.
And from August 22nd to September 1st, people that have previously played this game,
and no longer are active, or subscribed, can hop right back in and play.
So, there's that.
Hooray, I thought there was something else you wanted to say on Final Fantasy XIV,
with the anniversary celebration, like the stream or something.
Yeah, they did like a 14 hour stream. I had to sleep for most of it.
It looked interesting. They did some atma farming.
They got all of their atmas within 14 hours.
I was like, you guys know how to do it.
Well, what was the technique they used? People need to copy it.
I don't think anybody knows.
Nobody caught it, huh?
Nope.
So, that's my story.
Alright, moving on. Team Meat, of course you know from the creators of Super Meat Boy,
and they did the Tales of Isaac, was the other game too?
You mean The Binding of Isaac?
Thank you, The Binding of Isaac, sorry.
I remember it looked Zelda-esque, but it played more like a twin-stick shooter, kind of.
It played more like scary.
Yeah, it was kind of creepy, but it was cool.
Anyway, they have a new game on their way out.
It's called Avoyar for September.
But we don't know much more outside of a very artsy kind of trailer that came out.
It just had some live action in it and sad music as well.
However, more information will be coming out at PAX Prime at the Indie Mega Boost.
So, yet again, here's something else to look forward to at PAX Prime.
Team Meat will be showing Avoyar for September.
Some people have noted that Avoyar for September is an anagram of Super Meat Boy Forever.
Hmm.
Anyway, on Twitter, interesting tweet.
Looks like there'll be no Sims 4 reviews until after it's out.
EA tells me no one's getting access ahead of release. I'm nervous.
That's probably because of the SimCity Online fiasco.
Do you think that could be it?
I bet it has persistent online connection needed.
They don't want that to get out?
Yeah, because the reviews for SimCity were fairly positive up until they had all those problems.
So this would just be part two of that.
Just so you know, that tweet came from Dan Stapleton, who's one of the IGN reviewer guys.
So, I mean, if they're not getting a copy of it, probably nobody is getting a copy of that.
Does that make you nervous, Dark Soccer? Because you're a Sims fan.
I mean, I don't know anybody more into that series than you, even though you kind of fell out.
I'm on team not give a shit anymore.
Really?
I have Sims 2 and I got it for free.
And I have all of my dirty things, my weird animations in Sims 2 again.
Well.
Except I haven't touched it in three weeks.
Do you have the patch that unblurs the nudity?
Well, everyone has that. That's the first thing that people do.
Pervert.
No, because they're all like freaking Barbie dolls.
No, I have, um, there's a site that I go to called Mod The Sims.
And they have a sister site called Sexy Sims.
Which is like, you can get like fetish gear and dirty shit. So it's kind of funny.
Ooh, you nasty. All right.
I just think it's funny having them go to work wearing, you know, a strap-on on their chest.
It's hilarious.
You all try that tomorrow and see what kind of response I get.
Your job is hunting down the supernatural.
Look, you've got a cock on your chest.
It's funny.
Oh, my God. What the hell? You're giving me an Evangelion.
All right. Anyway, one more story here about the free-to-play game Path of Exile.
Path of Exile has a new expansion coming.
And this is following the Sacrifice of the Vaal expansion that the game got in March.
Path of Exile is getting Forsaken Masters as the new free expansion coming out for this game.
So Path of Exile, kind of noted because it's a Diablo alternative of sorts because it's free.
It has a lot of similarities with Diablo.
Although Path of Exile, you know, the classes are a little different.
And the skill tree is, holy shit, different.
Like, the skill tree is crazy.
I could never figure out how to build a decent character in that game.
That was kind of tricky.
Does this new expansion bring fun?
I thought it was great.
I don't know why you didn't like Path of Exile.
I thought it was actually really well done.
In fact, it's one of those games I really need to go back and play more of.
It was one of those few free-to-play games I felt inclined to give money to because I enjoyed it that much,
especially when they were in the early demo phases of that game.
Some of the stuff that's coming with that, they say it's Train with the Masters,
something that you do missions for the Masters to get reputations.
There's lots of mission variations with that.
You're going to have a hideout, which sounds like their own kind of version of player housing in a way,
so you'll be able to customize the hideout in there.
You'll also have crafting ventures that are upgradeable.
What?
Pokemon in the next game coming out.
New items and mods, new support and skill gems, new challenge leagues,
including Rampage, Beyond Challenge League, and an updated passive skill tree.
Lots and lots of stuff.
And I guess they're revamping some of the existing boss fights in Path of Exile as well,
so they're more intense and surprising, they say.
That is all coming on August 20th, and that will be released at 3 p.m. Pacific time.
If you are a fan of Path of Exile, I'm sure you already have that on your calendar.
Actually, August 20th already happened, so it just came out.
I need to check this out. I'm a little behind.
So, very cool. Congrats to them on that release.
Dark Sakura.
If you're a little behind, does it make you a bit of an ass?
So, Dead Rising movie has a director now.
It's Zach Lepofsky, who is going to be doing basically the Dead Rising movie, as they've said.
I don't even know about a Dead Rising movie right now, to be honest, because I'm like, whatever.
But anyway, he's said that he's in the director's chair, and he's doing most of the work for the movies so far,
although so far he has only done TV movies to date, and his most notable credit is Leprechaun Origins,
so yeah, I'm just going to forget that this exists.
And then, there is a game I'm excited about. Excited!
And it's Puyo Puyo Tetris. It's going to be on Xbox One and PS4, which I don't have, so I'm going to have to get one.
But it'll be... this is also the first time there is a Puyo Puyo game on a Microsoft system, so yay!
You need to hold something of Dan's ransom until he decides it's a good idea for the household.
Oh, we're probably going to get one anyway.
Hooray!
Are you going to get it before Dragon Age?
I'm playing Dragon Age on PC.
Oh.
Because mods? Hello, high-res mods.
Why do you think my Shepard looks so gorgeous?
She makes a fair point. I don't say that much about her.
And then, this is something... hey, girl.
So I brought this up before about them discussing the pinball ban in Oakland, California, and it's finally been lifted.
It is no longer considered a form of... wait, yeah. It's no longer considered a form of gambling,
so now they're actually going to be having a thing with RadioShack Stern Pinball and the International Flipper Pinball Association
to have a month-long tournament at the 3040 East 9th Street location of RadioShack in Oakland,
which probably is the only way RadioShack's going to get any business.
Doesn't say, wow, a reason to go to RadioShack.
I know, right? BRB going to Oakland.
We'll have to send... you know, we'll have to send our man on the street in Oakland.
Extefer would be the perfect person to cover this.
Hey, guys! I'm at RadioShack!
And not a bleached asshole inside.
Except maybe his.
Hey, you guys! I'm at RadioShack and I'm going to play with some balls!
That's your Christopher impression.
That's my Christopher impression.
I'm going to have to have him listen to this.
Rob used pester voice. It's super annoying.
Alright, let's go to the FUGL question of the week, you guys.
Alright, every week you guys answer our question over on our Facebook community and our Google Plus community.
You slam Facebook and Google Plus together and you get FUGL.
So here it is. Thank you, DarkTetsuya.
DarkTetsuya says, Rob does a pretty good Extefer.
And CaptainSpike says, why do you make Extefer sound like Alaska Thunderfucker?
That was nothing like my Alaska impersonation.
My Alaska impersonation is... never mind. I'm not going to do my Alaska impersonation.
Alright. Hi!
On Facebook, one game...
That just is your normal way you say hi to everybody.
It kind of is. Alright.
One game we've talked about before a lot on the show is Paths of Exile, which gets us thinking about free-to-play games.
Do you play any free-to-play games? Be honest, are they really free?
Or have you found yourself sinking a bit of money into it?
Or do you think free-to-play games will never be as good as the quote-unquote standard purchase-to-play games that are available?
Not a lot of answers tonight. I think Facebook is blocking us.
Because you know how you have to like, you know, pay to get your post noticed on Facebook.
So I would encourage you guys, if you want to answer the question, you don't see it coming up on your feed.
You have to pay the lube.
Go to Facebook.com slash OrangeLunchRadio and look at it there.
Alright, anyway.
We got some answers about the free-to-play games.
Tech2030 says, I used to play Clash of Clans.
But the longer you play, the longer the wait times get so long you're either forced to quit or pay up.
I chose the former.
William Murderface.
Friendliest. Our friendliest.
It comes from Metalocalypse.
Oh, does it?
Yeah. He's the guy with the bushy hair and the thick mustache.
I just thought it was a friendly name.
Alright. William Murderface says, I've played Rift and I play Smite, Marvel Heroes, and Swator.
I think that with the exception of Swator, I've never felt the need to invest into a free-to-play game in order to enjoy its content.
That being said, I will probably spend money in Smite and Marvel Heroes, likely for skins.
This is not something I normally pay money for, but I feel that those two games are a lot of fun,
and I wish to support the developers' decision to employ well-designed free-to-play models.
And RedTheHaze says, I play two free-to-play games and they are Destiny of Spirits on Vita and School Idol Festival on mobile.
I don't see my...
God, I tried that because I think Rama suggests that one.
I don't see myself ever putting money into these since they are pretty generous with even the paid in-game currency.
I think certain free-to-play games can be good as standard games as long as they were built to be fair and not give advantages to paying players,
unless it's a co-op-only game like Mass Effect 3 multiplayer.
Let's see, we just had one more answer come in, so I'll read that too, from Kieran M.
Hope I said that right, sorry if I didn't.
Replied and said, I play Marvel Heroes. I put way too much money in it, but it is a lot of fun and I feel like I get my money's worth.
Marvel Heroes was pretty good, speaking of like Diablo-esque kind of games, I did enjoy Marvel Heroes as well.
Let's go over to Google Plus and get some of the answers over there, of which we have two.
And starting with ActDeft who says, I play Team Fortress 2 on a regular basis.
Granted, I paid for that game back in 2008 or 2009, but still.
And yeah, I've sunk some money into opening some of those crates, they give us drops, but I only do it when I have extra money.
I have also sunk some money into some mobile free-to-play games, but never again.
And lastly, Rettertainment says, right now I'm playing WWE Supercard, a collectible card game where you can spend real money to get cards for use in the game.
I'm not currently motivated to spend any money on this game, but if I lose again to Zack Ryder, I just might.
So there's some of our answers.
I am really surprised that nobody named League of Legends, which is kind of like the Queen Bee of all the free-to-play games right now.
You go to Twitch, it's always the number one thing being streamed.
I'm planning on starting that up, actually.
It's interesting. I think if you want to get into a MOBA and you've never played one before, I don't know if you've played one before or not,
I think Heroes of the Storm is the easiest one to learn, Blizzards, but you also have to be in their super special secret club to get it.
I believe Renee DNL told you to refresh Google+.
Oh, did I miss an answer?
Probably hers if she's telling you to refresh it.
I'm sorry! I literally just pulled it up.
I gave all my League of Legends swag that I got at GamerX to my friend, who plays a whole lot more than I do.
Oh, there it is. DNL replied and said,
I play free-to-play and started with Gunbound back in 2004.
I think the difference between mobile and PC free-to-plays do make a huge difference as far as how much developers feel they should make on a full-fledged game.
Would love to talk more on Aris. I've been in the industry for five plus years.
I would love to hear. I just love Renee in general and I hope she calls in later in the show.
We would love to hear from her.
So, what was I going to say on free-to-play?
So, what free-to-play games do you guys play, if any?
I used to play Ragnarok Online. A whole bunch.
Was that free?
It was when I was in the beta, then it went to pay, and then I actually paid for it.
I thought it was a pay game. Okay.
Well, the original is still a pay.
R02 is free-to-play, which I'll play sometimes.
I played Star Trek Online when I was already paying for a subscription, and then I played in the free-to-play era off and on.
And I didn't get into Guild Wars too much. A copy was gifted to me and I didn't really play it.
So, yeah. I mean, I played that Sims game on Facebook for a while, and then I got into my anti-all-Facebook-games phase.
Shane, is there any free-to-play games you enjoy?
On my phone, I spent a lot of money on DJ Max.
Oh, yeah.
Lots.
I forgot that was free-to-play.
Yep. And the Record Runner game, I haven't paid any money for it, but I play it a lot.
Oh, yeah. The harmonics one, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And the other DJ Max game, but I didn't put any money into that one either.
So, lots of music games.
Yeah. Lots of music games.
Do you play U-Beat and Reflect Beat and all that stuff too?
Yeah, I have it on there. I have... No, I think I purchased something for Reflect Beat.
U-Beat is not very fun on the iPhone.
It is fun on the arcade now that I've played it.
But, no, pretty much just DJ Max, I think, is the only thing I've ever put money into that's free-to-play.
So, here's the thing.
I think my gamer ADD, where I just go from one game to another without ever beating the game or whatever, unless it's an MMO,
I think that kind of stops me from really getting immersed in these free-to-play games,
especially like one of our Facebook answers said, to the point where you either have to kind of pay money or, you know, you have to wait forever to do things.
I did play the Dragon Age game on Facebook when it was around.
That was a free-to-play that had pay options too, which I always did.
Anyway, before I was so rudely interrupted.
Whatever you rudely interrupt all the time.
I was...
Interrupt.
I've been enjoying lately, like, I played Marvel Puzzle Quest, but then I just kind of stopped, and I don't know why.
Like, I enjoyed the game, but then I was like, ooh, something else to play.
Now I started playing Neverwinter, which I touched for like five minutes, you know, just a hot minute, like a while ago,
but now, like, I went back to it because I had some friends that were playing it and were like, you've got to go check it out.
And now I've been playing that, like, a lot.
So that's kind of like my free-to-play game at the moment.
But then I'm like, ooh, Path of Exile got an expansion.
I've got to go check that out too.
That's a free-to-play game as well.
So, that's my problem with free-to-play games.
I only have time for one.
You know a random, like, music game that just popped in my head that I would have paid lots of money to do if it was a free-to-play game?
Mm.
Because it never came out?
Mm-hmm.
X-Tango.
I don't know why that even came into my head.
X-Tango was great.
It was such a good game.
Yeah.
All right, good stuff, good stuff.
Let's see, Game Geeks in Chat says, I miss SimSocial on Facebook.
That's what reminded me of the Dragon Age one.
They actually, yeah, closed that one, huh?
Let's see, Hitstun says, whoa, I didn't know DJMax Technical was on Android getting that now.
So, there you go.
All right, let's move on to some more news.
Shane.
Okay, let me pull this up.
So, the people that make You Don't Know Jack have a new game on Xbox One right now called Fibbage.
To me, it looks like Balderdash, the game where you make up definitions for things except kind of in reverse.
No, I guess it would, yeah, it'd be in reverse because they give you the definition and you come up with what you're trying to define.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I'm tired.
Anyway.
They give you the meaning, you give them the word?
Yes.
It's hosted by Cookie Masterson who does the classic You Don't Know Jack games.
Apparently, you can play up to eight players and it is coming out on PS4 this September as well and PS3 for cross-compatibility.
It's going to be seven bucks on Xbox One.
I assume it'll be the same on PS4 and PS3.
I love You Don't Know Jack so I actually am very excited about this.
It could be the next UNO game for Xbox Live because UNO got a lot of play back in the day.
It sure did.
Except this is funny.
I loved the You Don't Know Jack reboot they did.
I hope that isn't the only thing we're ever going to get out of that kind of reboot of that.
That's a free-to-play game I do too.
Oh yeah, because it was on Facebook, right?
It's also on iPhone.
Oh, is it?
Yeah, I have it on my phone.
Do they update it with new episodes?
I don't know if they do anymore.
Let's move on.
I got some news regarding Smash Brothers.
Why is there a gap between the Wii U version and the 3DS version?
This was explained by Mashihiro Sakurai in his weekly column this week.
Basically, it's because of the debug period in testing for bugs.
What they're doing is by delaying the Wii U version, they can shift the debugging periods and get the 3DS version out the gate at first.
So, quote, checking is done both domestically and overseas.
So for a game like Smash Brothers, several hundred people are employed.
So debugging alone becomes a huge project.
So much so that one of the biggest reasons for the separate release dates for 3DS and Wii U was so that we could shift the debugging periods.
In a previous Smash Brothers, we found a bug during the debugging process where if Fighter A hits item B and Fighter C and D are simultaneously affected, the game would freeze.
Considering not only the different fighters, but item stages, color settings, play rules, and game modes, the number of varying combinations are astronomical.
In order to properly debug, every pattern must be tried.
But such a task would be impossible no matter how many decades or centuries you take.
There are many reasons why a game's release dates will be delayed, but 8 or 9 times out of 10 it's because a bug couldn't be fixed in time.
But it's better than releasing a product like that.
There's a lot of companies out there that would have released it anyway, just saying.
But I'm glad they are holding it for quality.
Now something else really exciting, the list of Smash Brothers 3DS composers came out this week.
And there's some pretty cool people contributing to the game.
Is a Kiriyama Oka one of them?
Is a Kiriyama Oka one of them? I actually don't think I saw a Kiriyama Oka's name on the list.
This is garbage.
It would be cool if he did the Legend of Zelda theme.
I will say this, Yuzo Koshiro is one of the contributors, which I think is really cool.
Yuzo Koshiro did the Wangen Midnight Maximum 2 and I really like his stuff.
Yasunori Mitsuda from Chrono Trigger is one of the contributors, which I think is really cool.
Ace from Xenoblade Chronicles.
Okay, okay. How about Shota Kageyama, Shane?
Who's that?
Pokemon X and Y.
The music in that game is pretty good out of the Pokemon games, I'll give it that.
And Junichi Nakatsuru from Katamari no Mashii is going to be on the soundtrack as well.
So that's pretty cool.
What about the Beatles?
The Beatles, I don't believe.
Don't say that while I'm drinking stuff.
I'm not sure how they relate.
I'm just thinking of famous music people.
No, no, I don't think that one counts.
Don't forget about the Bach stage.
I was going to say Bach next.
A post-humous composition just for Smash Brothers.
What?
I'm so jealous of Renee right now because of the things she's saying in chat.
It's not even... I have to throw the mic down and leave.
We have an email about that actually, so hold that mic throw.
Alright, let's move on with some more Dark Sakura.
Well, you can get now the Wii U version of Disney Infinity for free.
You can download it via the Nintendo eShop.
But you know what you do have to buy?
All the figures so that you can play it at all.
So it's like when they give away free coffee machines,
but you have to spend a fortune buying all the pods and stuff for it.
It's the same thing.
Get addicted! Oh wait, you can't play it.
Get the stuff that makes you be able to play it.
The end.
Yeah, I was going to say, but you still have to get the little reader thing too,
and that's going to cost money.
Yeah.
So it's like, well, if the reader costs 30 bucks, then it's really not that free.
It's like they make you buy the needle first and then give you the heroin.
You know what?
What?
I'm actually going to be buying a Disney Infinity figure.
Are you?
Yep. I'm not even going to get the game.
You're going to get Rocket Raccoon?
Heck yeah!
I just knew it.
Dude, Rocket Raccoon was one of my favorite characters from the 90s and everything.
Okay, great question from Port Center in our chat room who says,
Doesn't the Wii U game pad have the built-in sensor?
Why, yes it does, but this game doesn't use it for some reason.
Actually, it doesn't use it with Skylanders either.
Well, yeah, the Wii U sensor isn't activated for anything yet.
Wise.
You're wrong.
What?
Pokemon Rumble U.
Oh, okay, so there is that.
Well, I was thinking Amiibo was going to be the first big, big thing that used it.
It'll probably be the first big thing that uses it.
Yeah.
Because Pokemon Rumble U, I don't think it does so well.
Remember, Nintendo has to build stuff for themselves first,
and then maybe if you're worthy enough, the third-party companies can use it, I guess.
So.
ActDeft brings up, though, the portal can cost $10 used,
and the PS3 one can be used with the Wii U version.
Oh, that's a good little tip.
Especially if you find a place that's, like, you know, overcharging for the Wii U one,
because they know it's free.
So, hmm.
Good little tip there from ActDeft.
Shane.
So, this renowned French coder, Smeelum, I don't know if I'm pronouncing that right,
has announced that he has created a homebrew channel for the Nintendo 3DS,
and it's coming out very soon.
It will work on the current 3DS firmware, unlike, I guess, the other homebrew channels before it.
Unless I'm reading this wrong, but whatever, I don't care.
But it'll allow you to play games from any region,
but you can't run commercial or pirated 3DS roms on it.
It will support the North American, European, and Japanese systems,
and you'll still need a homebrew device to patch your system, presumably.
Hackers gonna hack, but I love the fact that they're gonna get around that region lock.
Yeah, that region lock is so dumb.
Like, so dumb.
It almost, like, I usually don't, you know, really condone a lot of this stuff.
You know, I don't want to steal games.
I want to support game makers and all that stuff.
I don't support, yeah.
When it comes to the region locking and that kind of fuckery, I'm like, all bets are off, quite frankly.
If, you know, because I want to play this game, even if it's not necessarily in my region.
Like, this is a world market now when it comes to games, so.
But anyway, that's soapbox aside.
Would you consider putting homebrew channel on your 3DS, Shane?
I don't know.
I'm trying to think of any 3DS games that are not available here that I would import.
Because eventually the stuff I want will come over here.
I probably want Mother 3.
And it is noted you can't run commercial or pirated 3DS roms just to reemphasize that, so.
And Mother 3 was GBA, so you wouldn't be able to do that.
Hitstun in chat says, well, that solves the Puyo Puyo Tetris problem.
Because, yeah, folks in chat, when you were talking about Puyo Puyo Tetris earlier were saying,
oh, great, we can finally play this because it's out on all these other systems like 3DS and so forth in Japan, but not here.
And so it's region locked.
So this homebrew would allow Puyo Puyo Tetris for all. Yay.
I could get, like, I guess I could get Sentai games. That would be awesome.
You could. That would be fun.
Yeah, I would play those.
Dungeon Buster says, I modded my Wii to play Xenoblade Chronicles for the Wii early.
The extra functionality for the rest of my games was worth it, too.
To be honest, Dungeon Buster, that was the thing.
I unapologetically did it for the exact same reason.
That Xenoblade Chronicles thing was such fuckery, I have no regrets over modding my Wii to do that, so.
And then the fact that they release it at only two places or whatever was stupid.
So, anyway, off my soapbox.
Let's move on to something less stupid and more awesome, because I love it when we can make games more accessible for more people.
And I actually know we have some people that, at least historically, have listened to OLR.
I don't know if we have some folks that are still listening to OLR that are visually impaired.
Perhaps even legally blind.
And yet, these folks, at least the ones we've talked to over the years, still have a great love for video games.
Even though, obviously, you have to kind of learn to appreciate them probably in a different way.
That somebody who has sight, like myself, or, you know, Darcyro or whoever, can enjoy them.
So, what is happening?
And this is pretty cool, because this is actually a report that came out of the BBC.
So this is something that was kind of running from a major, major news outlet.
And this is about a video-less 3D game being developed for blind players.
And the concept is to make the industry more accessible to blind and visually impaired people.
And what video-less games do is they use a production technique known as binaural...
Sorry, I can't pronounce this word at all.
I think this thing that they're doing applies to you all of a sudden.
Oral binaural recording to do an immersive audio-only world.
And what they do is they fit a dummy with condenser microphones that mimic the way the ears hear sound.
And then scenes in the game are recorded using that method.
And what you get out of that is a realistic three-dimensional experience.
Now, there's no graphics, because again, these games are being created for the visually impaired.
But you rely on those senses to navigate through levels.
It's like all the games would be Silent Hill. It'd be so scary.
Not necessarily, they're all.
Let's see, Blind Legend is a team at DeWino Studios.
Sorry, Blind Legend is the game that this team is making.
That's, quote, we wanted to put blind and disabled gamers in the same field of quality as sighted gamers.
That was our main aim. That was our main challenge.
So that's pretty cool. And I guess they're using some crowdfunding to make it happen.
What you do in Blind Legend, it's not Silent Hill.
You are a knight who loses their eyesight, and you journey through a forest to free your wife from her violent kidnappers.
A scary forest.
So there you go.
The noises of the forest, the birds flying above, the river flowing, you hear these sounds.
And that information helps the gamer locate themselves in that environment.
This sounds like a really awesome way to kind of be able to maybe experience what somebody who is visually impaired has to go through.
Did they ever do that to you in elementary school where it's like you have to wear a blindfold for an entire day to see what it's like?
Or you have to wear headphones or something to simulate being deaf or something?
Did they ever do that to you in school? We had to do the blindfold thing.
No.
Really?
No.
Well, this would just be a really cool way to, like, everybody has the same experience in a way. So I like that.
Bochikawa says, so it's like an audiobook for a game? That sounds so cool.
As long as it's not a scary game, I think it could be fun. But I just imagine Silent Hill.
Well, now, in 2010, Something Else, which is a British game studio, did a game called Papa Sangre, which is an audio-driven thriller.
There's no graphics in the game. So, yes, there are thrillers as well, if you want to check that out.
Good luck.
Marissa Cungusto in chat says, hi, Marissa, by the way, says, sensitivity training. I had to wear gloves for tactile disabilities.
Black Wolf, our pal Bobby Black Wolf, says they actually had an art installation here in Atlanta that was pitch black.
It was called Dialogue in the Dark. Isn't there, like, a restaurant like that?
I've seen that on Facebook or something.
There's a deaf restaurant where it's staffed entirely by deaf people.
There's one in San Francisco.
And you have to sign your order.
Oh, wow.
Because my friend was talking about it.
Game Geeks in chat says, we had to do vision, hearing, and tactile for dementia training.
I love this idea of making really cool experiences that are really accessible to more gaming fans.
And trust me, there are blind gaming fans out there. We've heard from them here at OLR.
So I'm really happy that, you know, they're trying to make more experiences for everybody.
And I'm sure lots of other types of disabled folks would appreciate the accessibility.
Like, it always blows my mind when a game does not have button mapping.
There should be no reason why you can't remap buttons to wherever a person might need them.
It always struck me as a little silly.
All right. Let's move on. Let's go to our mailbag.
Every week you guys send us email at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
And DarkSakura dives into the mailbag and finds some emails that she thinks,
hey, I'm going to read these on the show.
Which I got to say, this is so weird because last week we said send us four emails
or else we're going to do the Kim Kardashian music during the break.
And you failed and you got Kim Kardashian music.
However, this week, there was at least five emails last I checked.
There are, but one of them is saying that Dan was too loud, so I'm not going to read it, narc.
Can't take the criticisms, huh?
Well, I have to be a good wife and defend my husband's lack of control of his vocal range.
To be fair, you know, we have to do everything live and on the fly and I try to sound balance people.
But you guys know I love Loki dearly. He's notorious for this, right?
When we do the mic check, he'll be his normal Loki voice.
Check one, two, check one, two, right?
I don't understand. Dan is always in that.
I don't understand. Dan projects.
He's got massive lung capacity and cannot help but project because he's that kind of awesome guy.
He cannot be contained by your audio control, Rob.
I will say there was a comment at vognetwork.com on last week's show.
I believe it was from Flaco Jones. I apologize if I'm misappropriating it, but I don't have it in front of me.
Who basically said, I love it when you guys have Shane on and some of the other people you have on,
but Dan is the best guest you guys get on that show.
So you take the positive with an A.
Dan is the best guest. Sorry, Shane. Dan's the best.
I'm not even paying attention.
You know what? Yeah, exactly. You know what? That's exactly why Shane's not the best guest.
I'm thinking about Power Rangers. It's very important right now.
For the record, Dan and I have been working on an idea for a podcast together, which I would sit him down and have a chat.
Maybe you want to get three microphone condoms to help muffle the sound.
Last week's episode was actually turned down two decibels in post-production, the entire episode, just saying.
But I think Dan's great too, even when he and I disagree.
This also is a bit more of an open room.
That is true. That is true.
And Marissa gets a very big claim as also a great guest.
I love Marissa. When's she coming back?
Now, I hope. Come on, Marissa.
Hi, OLR crew. By the way, Enark also did say that the show was good.
Hi, OLR crew. AZHP here. I've had about ten jello shots and a shot of tequila, so I'm pretty drunk.
But I just got back from the Japan Expo convention concert in San Mateo with Akira Yamaoka and Mary Elizabeth McGlynn.
And during a break, she said her favorite movie was Showgirls.
And if she ever opened a movie theater, the movies would only show Showgirls and Starship Troopers.
I wonder if she just drove up to San Francisco for the Peaches Christ showing, because that was this weekend, the 18th or 19th annual Showgirls.
They were here in San Mateo? That's not that far.
Shane, how did you not know about this?
I don't know.
You failed. You failed too.
I need to yell at Shane.
You live with him. Yell at him when I'm not here.
I have to get up early in the morning.
So if you ever wondered if this singer from all Silent Hill games is fucking awesome, wonder no more.
Here's truly AZHP.
P.S. Akira Yamaoka came on stage wearing a luchador mask.
He is as crazy as you would expect considering the music he makes.
But damn, he can play the guitar.
P.P.S. God bless autocorrect.
So in other words, what he's saying is that if you don't think she's the best singer, then you don't know shit.
Darlin', you are a whore.
Where's this expo going? Back east? Where back east?
Different places!
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Read your Power Rangers article. Alright, next up.
Alright. Hey O.L.R., just writing in to get your thoughts on something that blew up on Twitter last weekend.
The background requires a bit of explanation, so here goes the game.
Akiba's Trip is a quirky beat-em-up that came out a few weeks ago.
It's set in Akihabara and has a lot of parody of otaku culture,
including one feature called Pitter, a 2chan slash 4chan slash Twitter knockoff.
The feature runs constantly on the side of the game, not necessary for gameplay,
but lets you follow some of the other denizens of Akiba for some insight into this fake Akihabara.
One such reoccurring poster is an oblivious hater troll,
and that is meant to be someone we're not supposed to like.
The thing that blew up on Twitter, the real one, is that this troll likes to harass an apparently transgender poster.
I only say apparently because we're given no real means to determine it,
and I haven't given any case this character confirming or denying it yet in game.
By replying with mean things, such as including a particular term for transgender people,
the use of that term offended some transgender gamers who took to asking XSeed,
the publisher that they remove it from the game.
I'm not sure if you want to use the term on your show or not,
the word that caused all this was, quote, trap, end quote.
XSeed's response was that they'll look into the situation,
and the person who translated much of the dialogue posted a pretty interesting look into the process
and why the term was used, despite it potentially being offensive.
Her Tumblr is Hatsu, to use, if you're interested.
Naturally, some people jumped to defend the game and argue that others were too thin-skinned,
and that's what led up to the blowup.
Might be worth pointing out, thanks to screenshots of the lines and questions circulating online,
many people on both sides were working without full context to the scenes,
nor with knowledge that the other fictional posters in the game do not attack the transgender character,
and quite a few of them even tell the hater to knock it off.
The base level question is this, I guess.
What do you make of this situation?
How would you think you would have handled it even in the lines themselves or after the blowup
if you were in XSeed's position?
This is a really weird thing to say, but I honestly feel like I'm in no position
to really be able to accurately say if it is offensive or not,
because I'm going to be completely honest.
I started to read this email before the show, and as I'm reading through the email
and they're talking about the transgender slur,
I immediately assumed that that was the word that rhymes with Aunt Franny, right?
I assumed that that was the word that they were talking about.
And then when he said the word in the email, which we repeated for educational purposes,
sorry if anybody was offended by that, because honest-
I said quotey fingers.
Right. Well, honest to God, call me ignorant or privileged or whatever you want,
I had no idea that was a slur.
No, I would never use- I can't think of a possible reason why I would use that word.
And I actually did Google research.
I was like, how is that- because I wanted to educate myself, okay?
So I was like, how is that an offensive word?
And now I see, oh, okay, that's why it's offensive or whatever,
which if- how do I say this in a politically correct way?
And I really apologize if anybody's offended, but I'm saying this for educational purposes.
Please understand.
That basically, like, somebody may not be the gender that somebody assumed they were.
That is a- right, okay.
So- but ridiculous, right?
So the reason why I tell you that story about me having to, like, Google this
to figure out why it's offensive, this is why there's always that call for diversity in gaming.
And I know a lot of people are like, why do women force themselves in the game industry
and complain and- why do the social justice warrior, transgender, blah, blah, blah.
And look, look, guys, I get issues with a lot of social justice warrior shit, too.
I think there's way too much slacktivism that happens on the internet.
I think there's a lot of people that will retweet a lot of things,
but then be too lazy to vote when it really counts, and that fucking pisses me off.
However, by the same token, I can also recognize that this exact story is why we can use more diversity.
Maybe somebody should have played through this who knows this word and knows this slur
and some of the negative connotations a little better than I that could have said,
okay, this makes sense because, you know, this is part of the story, or this is parody a la South Park
and it feels that way, or, you know what, no, this is offensive and you should change this word
to a more generic, you know, not offensive terminology.
But seeing as I- honestly, I really appreciate the email because I really wanted to make sure this topic
got brought up on the show, but as I, A, haven't played the game, and B, don't have the proper perspective,
I'm not sure if I can sit here and tell you it's right or wrong.
But I will say, yeah, South Park gets away with a lot of shit.
I would also, though, point out that people should just not jump to initially blaming social justice warriors on this.
While they do overstate, or I'd say take things way too, what's the word I'm thinking of, way too far to extremes,
this was actually people who were transgender who had some problems with the terminology as well,
according to the email from what I read.
You know, and I'm seeing a lot of comments in chat that's like, you know, hitstun's like, wait, that offends people?
And Act F says, Sky, this day and age of Tumblr and social justice warriors, anything can be offensive.
And Kaijuto, or who is it, yeah, Kaijuto says, oh no, they're going to have to edit Star Wars now.
And Fifth Dream says, like many offensive words, people who might be offended by the word also use the word.
So it's hard to know what's offensive and what isn't sometimes.
You know, I think in general, like, you know, we've had this discussion here to try to educate people.
And I think what needs to happen on both sides, what I would like to see the social justice warriors of the world,
and the people who love to push their buttons, what I think we fucking need on both sides is more patience.
You know what really bugs me?
I was going to say valium, but yeah, patience too.
It really bugs me and it makes me sad. And it's one of the worst traits.
Not to get too deep here, but like, especially with all the bullshit that's been going on in the gaming world this week,
I think this is important.
I think it's always a sad case of humanity when we always instantly want to assume the worst in people.
And the internet brings this out in a horrific way.
And yes, there are some pretty awful people out there like, look at all the fuckery going on with the hacks today.
But my point is that most people, most people are inherently good people.
And we could learn a lot from each other if we would just be patient with each other and listen to each other
and stop assuming that somebody is instantly only existing to piss you off.
I disagree.
Okay.
I believe that most people individually can be good people.
You get people into a large group where you have one voice rising above the other ones and most people, sorry, are followers.
If we didn't have most people being followers, we wouldn't have the massive amounts of police brutality that we're seeing today
by people making assumptions about other people or being thrown into situations in front of groups
and making up lies about a particular victim of a murder just because of his skin color.
We wouldn't have whole groups of ideologies going around beheading people in the Middle East at this point.
We wouldn't have people deciding to throw bombs into cities and using their own towns as basically using their own citizens as human shields in retaliation.
We wouldn't have any of that if people would start thinking for themselves and act on their innate goodness rather than let that be silenced by those in power.
So in other words, don't be a follower.
Be passionate and act on it.
Yeah. That I can agree with. Yes.
Because when the moment that you let your voice be silenced by somebody else or let yourself be distracted by watching fucking reality TV or, you know.
Well, but not, see, not all reality TV is necessarily bad.
I know, but I'm saying this. That a lot of people would rather just, between watching the news and watching, you know, something mindless on TV,
they'll watch the mindless thing on TV and just go, oh, well, that's bad. What can I do about it?
They can do something about it. They just don't think they can because they don't trust their voice.
But this is a show about video games and a lot of times those mindless reality shows and video games are an escape from all that other bullshit that goes on in the world.
I'm not saying you have to stay ignorant to that bullshit in the world. You should be aware of what's going on, but I think it's okay.
You don't make it your life. Yeah.
Your life should not be escape. Your life should be living. The escape is to have a moment of a break.
It's when you forget to live and forget that other people are trying to live, that you actually play a hand in the disaster that goes on in the world.
As I say, it's the biggest evil is when good people do nothing.
The Legend of Zaku in chat says, reject false icons indeed. So, all right.
Wow. This got way too deep. I need more. I can't believe I'm going to say this.
I need more Pokemon chat or Power Rangers chat to help us.
No, you don't want the Power Rangers chat. Trust me.
There's more in the email. So, okay. Yeah.
My other question, I think that begets this is where do we draw the line for parody?
My mind immediately jumps to South Park, which gets away with some pretty offensive stuff in the name of parody.
At this point, South Park has been around long enough that I don't feel like I see many people get offended with the show anymore.
I'm not sure if that's just because everyone dismisses it now or if they've gotten good at walking the thin line.
Do you all think we should avoid offending anyone in games or is there a place for parody that some might find offensive?
Anyway, thanks for the responses and the podcast. And this comes from Andy R.
And in regards to that, I think that people have become desensitized to a lot of it.
I mean, if you want to hear some offensive shit, listen to Lisa Lampanelli.
But she does it in such a way that one, you see the humor in it.
And number two, you see how ridiculous the stereotypes are. And that's why I like listening to her.
And that's kind of how South Park does it, too.
It's like you kind of need a little bit of parody and a sense of humor to keep things in check.
I mean, something like South Park is going to make fun of everybody.
Everybody. Everything is a target in that show.
But if it's not your cup of tea, don't watch it.
And there's nothing wrong with you if you get offended by South Park.
It's just not a show for you. But at the same time, don't judge me if I have a giggle at it.
And I've said this before a long time ago on this show.
But I said that people should learn to be offended because there are some things that are going to offend you.
And they can be said with the most innocence in mind.
And the thing is that the person, you know, yeah, you may have an opportunity to educate somebody
if something that they don't seem to realize might be inherently misogynistic or inherently, you know.
But it's not something that you just call them out on in a public forum and rake them over the coals for it.
You pull them aside.
So stop assuming the worst in people.
Exactly. I myself post a lot of social justice stuff on Tumblr.
Of course, I also go to protests.
And you vote.
And I vote and I volunteer my design time for charities that I believe in.
So I'm not just sitting on my ass going, oh, post, post, post.
But the thing is that I think that when you get into reacting instead of acting,
that that's why we have these MRAs now in response to the rise of feminism,
because we have now the radfems that are assuming the worst about every man in the world.
And I know that the not all men thing was really detracting from the whole issue that was going on.
But at the same time, we need to understand that not everybody wears the face of what we see in the news.
Right.
Sorry to get serious again.
No, it's some of this actually kind of scary relates to gaming and things that are going on right now.
So, you know, it's it's a good conversation to have.
Well, look at this.
OK. And I've made no secret of this on the show.
I am a Jewish convert and I was getting crap for the stuff going on in Gaza.
And I've never been to Israel and I wasn't born Jewish.
But it's you've seen what's going on in France.
You've seen what's been going on with people blaming an entire group for the actions of one place.
And that's, you know, again, we're seeing that across the board.
You know, that's why I think that Anita, what's her name, gets so much crap is because she's made herself a voice to bring different,
I would say, ongoing misogynistic views going on in the gaming industry to light.
And then she becomes a target because no one wants to admit that maybe she might be right.
So I'm trying to get a few more comments here in our chat room over at live dot network dot com because it's lighting up here.
So I want to make sure we get some more voices.
Marissa Congusto says, I have no problem with a comedian saying something offensive, but calling a friend jerk if they do the same context matters.
Hitstun says feminists and men's right activists are both poorly named.
Just don't be a dick to any gender.
And then Fifth Dream follows that up with dick is sexist.
But I think I still get Hitstun's point.
Don't be don't be a jerk. Period.
All right.
You know, I.
If everyone just tries to give another person the benefit of a doubt, it tries to engage somebody in conversation instead of finger pointing.
And I mean, intelligent discourse.
I think we'd see things a lot better in the world.
Captain Spike in chat says, I think it's interesting to think on the intersection of art and games as it relates to this discussion.
And Mega Man X 400, our buddy from video game realness, says, how about them video games?
Hey, look, you know, there's a lot of crazy shit going on in gaming.
And I like to be able to not just report on all the negativity, but kind of try to dig a little deeper than that.
So, you know, we've been looking at the same thing over the course of history.
I'm going to bring up one big event in history quickly.
We really need to move on. Are you familiar with the Bonfire of the Vanities?
Yes.
Not the movie.
Yes.
It was in during the age of the Renaissance, during when the Medicis were in power.
There was a big issue going on in Italy where they were burning works of art because they were considered to be a disease of the rich.
We learned about this in world history because it related to another big event.
But we get some of the same things, too, where video games are being pointed at as being the cause for violence or for being a cause for promoting misogynistic views.
When in reality, it's the people who are behind it looking for a scapegoat.
And people just need to realize we humans can be pretty shitty.
We've all got a bit of crap in us.
I mean, what's the word I'm thinking of?
I think everyone has a bit of evil intent.
You know, sometimes you get spiteful. Sometimes you get angry at somebody.
But it's when you let that reaction guide your judgment that you don't listen to the positive voice that's in your head, too.
All right. Let's go to the next email.
All right. This is from Robert M.
I may have asked whether you guys collect game-related merchandise, but do Jamie and Dan have any interest in the Japanese sentinel slash Takara original PlayStation Optimus and Mega?
Yes, I do. The PlayStation Optimus Prime and Mega Drive Megatron.
Yes, yes. Totally have interest in it, but they seemed a little bit outside of our budget.
And then, PS, I had the original clickable iPod version of Bejeweled. Interesting, but not friendly to control.
Thank goodness for touch screens.
This is how we talked about Bejeweled before.
But oh, my God, I really want the Mega Drive Megatron.
I think that would be so awesome to have.
But it's been outside the budget, especially since we are looking to purchase a house, so.
And. So, yeah.
All right. We've got more email.
I know there's lots of email that I'm sorry we're not getting too in depth with some of these, but.
Hey, Orange Lounge, it was cool to finally talk to you guys last week. Hope the weekend treated you well.
What are your favorite Easter eggs? Don't say the ones you paint and hide in April.
A friend and I recently replayed some old school Call of Duty zombies and we went through one of the maps Easter eggs.
I remembered how cool it was for the developers to throw a random hidden story into their multiplayer wave based game mode.
So from any game, what were your favorite secrets that weren't completely meant for everyone to find?
Keep gaming. Much love. EA skeezy.
God, there's a bunch.
I like I like I like doing Siri Easter eggs, to be honest.
Asking Siri random things until I get a funny response. But there was.
Actually, there was.
Great. Now I can't remember his name, but did Dragon Ball Z, Akira.
Toriyama. Thank you, Brian. Having the little appearance amongst all the developers ending basically for Chrono Trigger.
I consider that a huge Easter egg. I would go back to the original, which was one of the first Easter eggs ever,
which, funny enough, was a game I already talked about earlier in the show, Adventure on the Atari 2600,
where there was a secret room you could get to that has the programmers initials in it, because it's more about what that stood for.
Because remember, back in the day of the development of those early 2600 games, the programmers, of which it was oftentimes one person,
sometimes two people was like one person that made the majority of the game at the time, didn't get credit for it.
And, you know, people, the programmers used to get really miffed at this.
And this is how a lot of the third party things started. And, you know, Activision made a really big deal about crediting some of their designers that made the games.
But I like the Easter egg as kind of like an act of defiance, in a way, as getting the person who made the game credit in the game anyway.
So, I guess that would be my classic. Otherwise, my other standby answer would probably be another classic, which would be,
I always thought the minus world in Super Mario Brothers, the original, was a really cool thing.
But that's probably more of a bug than an Easter egg at the end of the day. I really think that's more of a bug than an Easter egg.
But I think that's just really cool to find these things, these whole levels, that were unintended, that probably end up the result of some algorithm gone wrong in the game.
I remember catching one in Final Fantasy VII.
Oh yeah?
When Cloud was kind of crazy. And he would go, Zen-no-ge-as, before Xenogears were out.
That one was a big one for me. There were, you know, I had actually, a couple of my friends did the localization for rival schools.
Oh cool.
And so, there would be, but they also did some of the localization for, crap what was it, for Puzzle Fighter.
And so, they'd throw in jokes that I knew were jokes to them. But then there were like, say that you had Devilot, for example.
Don't you know CyberBots is Capcom's number one game? That's, you know, reference to CyberBots.
You'd have characters from other Capcom games in the background in some of the levels, you know, different things like that.
SSG 100 Matt has a great one. The dog ending in Silent Hill 2. How could you forget that?
Bark, bark, bark.
Alright.
That is a classic. That's a classic. Good memory, SJ100.
You like Castlevania, don't you?
Alright, more emails?
Yeah. Hold on, let me get back to them because I can't find where I put it.
So, there's two left.
Oh yeah, nevermind. I already read that one.
Because I want the Megadrive Megatron.
Hey guys! Just writing in to say I'm very frustrated about this hacker group
whose name I don't even want to say as they seem to be enjoying getting publicity,
taking away my online gaming for the night.
I've recently been feeling really attached to people in the end of Line Free Company and Final Fantasy XIV
as everyone has been so kind in helping me to progress in all the past level 50 areas.
Post level 50 areas.
Hearts.
Now it's night because of this asshole extremist group. I can't hang out with any of them.
PSN is down, Battle.net is down, League of Legends servers are down, and now reports are coming in,
the Xbox Live has been taken down as well.
My question is, what the hell drives people to do this?
Why take away entertainment from people looking to find an escape? Frown.
Now switching gears a bit here, I remember Rob and Jamie were both a GamerX too.
I do know there have been talks about changing the name of this con to represent something more all-inclusive
as GamerX has never been about singing out just gay gamers excluding other groups.
There's something that has been on my mind as I am both a gay gamer and a person in another group
that's often looked at as being weird. Furries.
Personally, I take pride in being one and have made so many friends, have been given so much love and support,
and I've found someone that I care for on a deeper level in this furry fandom.
To put it simply, was there any representation of furries that you guys saw at GamerX too?
Yes, there were.
Oh yeah, because they were there promoting FurCon or the other big event.
So yeah, oh yeah.
And we actually had a discussion about actually making the fursuits.
And some of the stereotypes, I forgot the guy's name unfortunately, but we were just talking about what goes into making the fursuits
and you know, about how yes, there are people who are fetishists, but every group has its fetishist.
Right.
You know.
You're not hurting anybody. It's all consensual. Have fun.
Thanks so much for reading this and for keeping my night occupied in a time where other groups of people want to take the fun and entertainment out of our lives.
Sincerely, Ospher, aka Syria Knoxfall.
Well, I'm glad we could help. I want to go back to the first half of the email though, because we never, like what motivates people to do this.
It's the power.
Power.
Power trip. The fact that they have power over other people. But here's the thing.
People like this, it only takes one fuckup to bring the whole thing down.
And this really reminds me of what was that a few years ago, that whole LulzSec did a whole bunch of stuff, right?
That was the name of the group. LulzSec did a whole bunch of stuff. And what happened?
One of the guys got caught early on into it, but got flipped around to be a mole and brought the whole damn thing down from the inside.
And it only takes one. And a lot of times this thing ends up with infighting or any of this stuff, you know, and it's not going to end well.
Because these guys today, not only have they been posting pictures of like ISIS and all this stuff and glorifying that, which is a terrorist organization.
Then they called in this fake bomb threat to try and ruin the day of some mucky muck high up at Sony Online Entertainment.
You know, that is going to be some serious shit that no amount of crying and I didn't know what I was doing is going to get a person out of.
I mean, that was like, essentially it was a terrorist act, what that person did. You might think I'm being dramatic, but I mean, that was what it was.
So, when these guys get caught, and they will get caught, because they're going to fuck up. If they keep going on their power trip, they're going to make a fuck up.
And they're going to get caught. And it's going to be serious.
This is a sad thing, though, about how things work in this country. They are going to get on the bad side of a large corporation with lots of money and government influence.
Because the government does not like when the people who pay them are in trouble. End of story.
That's when they're going to fuck up.
Well, they've already pissed off, let's see, Sony, Microsoft, American Airlines, Activision. The list is growing pretty rapidly.
And we know that, you know, especially given that they're doing DDoS attacks, too, then that's going to go back to the ISPs, who, as we know, bankroll quite a bit for the government.
Anyway, I didn't want to focus on this negativity too much, but there's the answer to your question.
Alright.
I've been a lot in being fed up with a lot of stuff lately, so I'm sorry if that's come through.
Alright. That's it for the mailbag, right?
That's it. At least that's all I'm going to read.
Good job tonight, guys. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Make Jamie work.
You've got two weeks to fill it up, because, again, we won't be here next week.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week.
All this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
This is fucked up.
Uh, Shane, I haven't heard from you. I'll let you start tonight.
Uh, an FU to Bandai for possibly thinking about skipping Tokuja in America.
What?
Yep, apparently they don't think that the suits look good, they don't think that the swords look good, so they're thinking about skipping it.
Which makes me upset.
Um, that's really it. FU to being really tired. Really tired.
Uh, Dark Sakura.
FU to the dumb shits who pulled out me in front of me while I was driving here.
Just some dumb kid who can't drive.
And, uh, FU to...
Nah, not really any FUs. I'm kind of done with that right now. I'm just sort of done.
D, U, and done.
Um, let's see, my FU of the week goes to, um, oh my god, last minute planning and procrastination, because I'm really, really bad at both those things.
And I'm getting on a plane Wednesday, and I'm so not ready for it. Woohoo!
There you go, there's the FUs of the week.
Uh, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then your phone calls.
1-877-GAMELR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Uh, Loki!
He's not here.
He's not here.
How about Shane instead? Sorry.
No, we'll wait for him to do his story.
I was too lazy, and my show role tonight still says Loki on it, and not Shane, so I'm just out of habits at Loki.
I'm sorry, Shane, who is filling in for Loki tonight. What do you have? Come on, Shane!
We can call him Shanky.
Shane, it's an excuse to talk about P.T. You're not going to give that up.
Do it!
No, I'm not going to.
P.T.
Um, so somebody put a mashup of the narration from, uh, Stanley Parable, and, uh, some gameplay footage of P.T., and it's decent.
I, as a huge fan of both the P.T. demo game thing and Stanley Parable, I was hoping for a lot more from it.
It's only, like, a minute or two long.
Um, so it's good for what it tries to do.
I wish it would have incorporated more scary stuff from the P.T., uh, demo, but whatever.
It's still worth watching once. Only once.
I had a really good time watching the, uh, kids from Koopa Club playing, uh, P.T. yesterday.
You saw that, too, right? The whole feed of them playing?
Um, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They were, uh, Jeremy was hilarious.
Yeah, I love watching people play through that for the first time. It was a lot of fun.
I, uh, I was playing with my friend today from Kansas, and when he got killed by the ghost, he screamed and threw his arms up in the air.
It was awesome.
I saw the funniest video of someone who was fine with all the ghost appearances until she appeared in the balcony.
Oh, that's a creepy scene.
I was like, oh my god, she's grinning at me!
Yeah, because she's smiling. That makes it so much worse.
And, uh, to answer Rama's question real quick, I said there's-
What did Rama ask?
Uh, they're thinking about skipping Tokujo. They already are skipping GoBusters.
Oh, wow. Um, the thing is, though, this, this silly little trailer thing has set the bar so high for the Silent Hill game.
Yeah, it has.
That's the problem, is that heaven help that game if people look at it and go, ah, that PT was better.
Yeah, and there will be people that'll say that regardless.
Of course, of course.
There was one thing, though, that put itself, uh, that I realized, like, after playing the PT, is that you remember where it says hello by the phone?
Mm-hmm.
And then the letters start disappearing?
Yeah.
The same letters appear over where it says in hell?
Yeah, yeah, that's what it's supposed to be. So each letter, if you walk all the way over there-
Yeah.
When it disappears, that letter will appear.
Yeah, that's the puzzle.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We didn't know at first that you could just turn your camera to make those letters go away. We thought you had to look at the letter, walk over there.
But from what I understand, that's part of the- one of the puzzles that has to be solved before you can do the baby stuff.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it does.
All right, and last night, before we get to our Skypline, um, you know, this is, this is going around everywhere on social media, and that is the, um, Ice Bucket Challenge for, um, ALS.
And look, I don't want to get into the whole debate over is this a good thing or not. At the end of the day, I think charity in general is a great thing.
And if you are looking to do great things for charity, I think one great thing you can do is donate, uh, as in money, or you can even donate time.
Uh, you know, that could be for maybe even like a political cause you, uh, believe in as well, or what have you.
But regardless, this, um, Ice Bucket thing has been going around like crazy, uh, getting people more aware of ALS.
And this does include industry people as well, which is why I'm reporting on it.
Uh, there's a lot of people in the industry that have done the, um, Ice Bucket Challenge.
Uh, there's a little list here of some people, uh, including Notch, the creator of Minecraft.
Cliffy B, who's creator of Gears of War.
Phil Spencer, the head of Xbox.
Uh, Shawn Layden, who's the, uh, president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment in America.
Some other people have been called out, such as Reggie Fils-Aime, who promises to one-up Phil Spencer's video, so that should be interesting.
So, um, you know, again, uh, as long as this, uh, organization is raising tons and tons of money, which I hear they are, uh, I think that is a good thing.
But don't forget about other charities too, because I know there's some causes. I know me personally, uh, tried to do stuff for the multiple sclerosis, uh, organizations.
Just don't give the Komen Foundation any of your money, because they will waste it and, uh, hate other people.
By, by the way, by the way, did you, I liked the one, there's two of those that I have, actually three that I have been really impressed by.
One of them is Ayumi Kawasaki, squealing like crazy, and then calling out Yu Darvish, who is actually super hot.
Um, seriously, Iranian Japanese. Hot. Anyway, um, then, um, he's a baseball player.
Um, anyway, then there was, uh, I watched, uh, what was the other one that I thought was really great?
Oh yeah, Vin Diesel, who's challenged people, instead of doing the bucket challenge, to plant a tree.
That was really cool, because he was Groot.
And then, um, I'm actually growing a Eucalyptus tree, by the way.
Nice.
So, and then my other one that I liked was the Old Spice guy.
Oh yeah, from the commercials? I haven't seen that one.
He challenged Bruce Campbell, everyone named John Johnson, and Fabio.
I was like, that one was, I posted it on my Facebook, it was pretty fun, pretty funny.
And yes, Akira Yamaka did it as well.
Well, I'm sorry.
And Mark Mir.
Yes.
Oh really?
And Jennifer Hale did.
Oh, and the Luciano, the guy who did it too.
Oh, he did too?
Yeah.
I didn't see that one.
I'm surprised you haven't looked that up yet.
I saw Justin Theroux, that was a nice video.
Well, the Benedict Cumberbatch one was hilarious.
That was funny.
Anyway, anyway, also of note with this whole thing, which is, you know, becoming quite
the little pop culture thing that I'm sure they'll look back on, remember 2014?
This was one of those fads people did.
This is something that's actually coming to video games.
And Destiny is actually getting in on this as well.
They actually put out a little YouTube where they did the little ghost guy as a participant
in the ice bucket challenge.
I thought that was kind of neat that they kind of rendered that.
So, pretty cool.
Win-win around for charity.
And, you know.
I just would wish that people would do this on my lawn because my lawn is a wasteland
of dead grass and weeds thanks to the drought.
Yeah, I'm a little bit like, I'm kind of like, you guys, there's a drought going on
and there's people, but I understand too, it's charity, it's awareness, whatever.
There are people in other countries who don't have safe drinking water and we're wasting
it dumping on our heads.
We could just give the money.
I asked my friend when we're going to have the immolation challenge because then people
would really be willing to give some money.
But regardless, it's awareness, so cool.
I think they've definitely succeeded where a lot of charities would give a lot to get
that same type of awareness.
But anyway, let's move on.
Let's go to the phones.
It's time to have you guys call in.
1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
If you'd like to call the show, now's a fantastic time to do so.
Meanwhile, this is where I usually open it up for last minute stories.
But since Loki's not here, I know Shane's not going to have anything.
Or am I wrong?
I could just talk about Power Rangers.
We could or how cuter new Pokemans are.
What was that Evangelion one you gave me?
What did I give you?
It was big and purple.
Palkia.
Yeah, he looks like an Eva.
He's from Diamond and Pearl.
So he's pretty old.
You're not going to be able to use him right away though because he's level 100, so he
won't obey you.
But sometimes he will, but he won't all the time.
I will make him obey me with cookies.
I have some tweets I want to make sure I get to as well.
There's a lot of people tweeting about the show, so I really appreciate that.
Thank you guys for the support there.
But then we have SSG100Matt saying,
After a month of brewing, my home brew beer is done.
It's a chocolate maple porter, but it needs a name.
Ideas?
What would you call a chocolate maple porter?
Dark Sakura?
Sticky pole.
Sticky pole.
There you go.
Sticky pole.
Sticky pole.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya tweets us saying,
On fish playing Street Fighter, apparently Aquarius got signed on with MLG group Always Godlike.
His avatar features a little headset now.
That's adorable.
Alright, the phone is ringing off the hook.
Let's get to the phones and get some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, it's DNL.
Oh my gosh, DNL, how are you?
Yay!
I'm so excited to hear from you.
Hi guys.
You know when my voice goes up an entire octave, I mean it.
Parts, parts.
Oh my god, I'm so happy to be here.
Yeah, so I'm sorry it's been a long time since I last called in,
and I know that with you guys, I was actually even a guest once,
so many, many, many years ago.
But I thought I'd go ahead and call in today because
you guys had brought up about Free to Play earlier on the call,
or on there, and yeah, I've been in the video game industry
for as long as Shane, if you guys can believe it.
We started off at Konami like years and years and years ago.
Yeah, together pretty much at the same time.
Yeah, I know.
And yeah, I mean from there I kind of just went and
just kept on working in the video game industry all the way to the point
where my previous company was Perfect World Entertainment,
and some of you may know of them.
They are a Chinese MMO development company,
and then when they came here to the US,
one of the purchases that they made was actually of Cryptic Studios,
which makes Neverwinter online.
And yeah, so I worked for them for about almost four years,
and since then I've kind of gone into mobile Free to Play.
So it's kind of really interesting to see the difference between
how people perceive Free to Play, which started from South Korean games
like Gunbound and so forth,
to now the backbone of mobile apps and everything,
and that whole ecosystem.
But yeah, I guess it was more of a comment.
No, no, that's neat.
And I like to hear from people in your perspective as well,
who kind of are there working with those Free to Play games.
What do you think people who are really quick to criticize the Free to Play model,
what do you think they might be missing?
Well, I mean, of course people are going to really kind of criticize it
because from the very beginning a lot of people feel that it's more of a
pay to win or pay for power kind of model,
and I completely understand where people are coming with that.
But I think someone else brought it up earlier in one of their comments,
is that when people are really cognizant of making sure that the game is balanced
without even the need to purchase anything,
that really makes it an immersive experience.
And I think that's one of the things that we've been able to kind of see
the whole industry kind of catering to.
I mean, for example, Star Trek Online used to be a subscription model
and now it's a Free to Play model.
And the same thing with Star Wars Old Republic,
and the whole point is that they needed to build a game
that was a full-out fledged game
where you can be able to purchase and play with other people
and then be able to then turn it into something that as a convenience
you can be able to purchase these items just in case,
because like you were saying earlier, there's just so much time for anything
and really you kind of have to focus on one thing at a time.
And if you do come back and play maybe once every 30 days,
you don't want to feel like you're lagged behind by everyone.
And that's kind of what I'm hoping to continue to cater in this industry
is that we want to be able to allow people who don't have enough time to play
to be able to still feel like they can by giving them these,
we call them convenience items so that they don't have to feel like
they're lagging behind all of their friends who can be able to grind 12 hours a day kind of thing.
So that's when I feel like it's probably the biggest criticism.
And I think in a lot of ways, for me, what really made me enjoy certain free-to-play games more
was that games are always better with friends.
Absolutely.
And I think especially like in MMO, I think I mentioned this earlier in the show,
when you mentioned that you'd been involved with Neverwinter.
When I first played it, I didn't know anybody else into it.
So I was kind of like, I'm alone and this is scary and sparkles, something else, squirrel.
But then now that I have friends that play it too, I'm like, oh, hell, this is really good.
This is pretty deep for a free-to-play game. There's a lot of stuff you can do in this.
Yeah, absolutely.
And that's the whole thing, right?
It's making sure that you can be able to have a robust experience on top of everything else.
And I think that's one of the things that is the turning point of the industry altogether.
And so you can really see that come and shine through as starting as much as three years ago, really,
is when it really started to submit this is what free-to-play means and this is kind of the future.
So you'll see less and less of those premium apps, what they call it.
Basically, you have to pay to buy the app before you can even start using it.
Those are starting to dissipate more and more as the premium freemium model is actually being more used.
But yeah, okay. That's all.
But I just wanted to say hi.
No, I so appreciate that perspective. That's awesome.
Hey, I got one more question for you though before you go because I'd like to ask,
especially from callers we don't hear from all the time, DNL, what is a game that you are really into right now,
but no fair naming something you've worked on or are working on?
Of course, of course. Well, one of the things that I've really been playing over is Last of Us.
When they came out with the HD version for PS4, I don't have a PS4, unfortunately.
Oh no, what kind of game am I, right? Anyway, but I do have a PS3, so I started playing it again.
One who has to save their nickels and dimes like a lot of people.
But yeah, we've been playing that. I've just been crying and, you know, crying my eyes out all over again.
I really love Naughty Dog's game, Last of Us. And I'm really looking forward to the movie, if it is.
And also, if you guys didn't check it out, you guys need to go to YouTube and check out when Naughty Dog did their midnight release.
It was phenomenal. They even did the ending that was the musical version.
Yes, I did see that. And they did a deleted scene and stuff, too, huh?
Yes, oh my god. It was phenomenal and you have to see it.
I agree. Awesome.
All right, nice talking with you guys.
You have a fantastic night. Thanks so much for listening and participating tonight.
Not a problem. I'll talk to you guys later.
All right, take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
One of my best E3 memories involves DNL.
But I'll have to save that for another night.
I'll have to save that for another night because our phones are lighting up and I've got to get to some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry. Who's this?
Hey, it's Brad from Pod Culture.
Brad from Pod Culture! So happy to hear from you, buddy.
I am distraught that you will not be at Dragon Con this year, but I completely understand the reasons behind it.
I will just keep my fingers and toes crossed for 2015.
Oh, I certainly hope so. It's going to be a rough thing. That's kind of like the Geek Family reunion.
It is, it is. Well, a shot of Fireball will be had in your honor, my friend.
Well, that's actually part of the reason why I was calling. You look at the avatar on my Skype handle right now.
I was noticing you have a little shot of Fireball. What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, hey, I can't have a drink with you at Dragon Con, so here you go.
I wasn't prepared. I'm holding up my root beer from Jack in the Box. Close enough.
But you were talking about free-to-play games earlier.
Yeah.
And I've talked about this on our show a lot, especially with TARDIS Interruptus, but Doctor Who Legacy.
It's actually a lot like that Marvel game you were talking about earlier.
But it's a dual match-three kind of thing. And they're always cranking out content.
And you do not have to spend a cent to play it.
That's awesome. That's so awesome. And, you know, it's not that I...
I like to give to games, you know, when, especially if I've dropped a lot of time in them, like Path of Exile.
But I also realize that, you know, there's other ways that the companies can make money, too.
Like, be it maybe through ads in the game. Like, Flappy Bird was a free game, wasn't it?
And that guy's made a killing off of the ads alone, you know?
That's one way to kind of make the money and so forth.
So I think it's really cool when you find just that right magic where it's like,
I can pay my people that are developing the game and make that tiny little bit of profit,
and yet still create a rich experience that rewards the people who put the time into it.
It's a tricky balance, but that's so awesome when people can find it.
Yeah. I mean, they do. And, of course, there's time crystals and stuff that you can buy in the store, too.
They have what they call a fan area. And if you make a purchase, that unlocks the fan area.
And it's just some extra levels and different outfits for characters and things like that.
So it's nothing important to the game, really, at all.
But the neat thing is the developers and people that are working on this game are super fast at communicating back
if you get a hold of them about something.
Yeah.
Because they'll do unlock codes with various groups.
And I think there was a comic shop over in the UK that had a special code to unlock the TARDIS as a playable character.
And I just sent them an email or a tweet or something about,
you know, what about those of us that aren't in the UK able to go over and get this?
They're like, don't worry, it's going to drop.
But the really neat thing is, you know, the season eight of Doctor Who premiered this weekend.
And all season, they're going to be introducing new content each week, like levels that are themed on that episode.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, it's kind of neat. And three different skill levels.
I mean, they're small, but it's just small stuff that they're releasing and it's a free game.
Well, and we were even talking about that a little bit earlier with the premium games where Shane was talking about Final Fantasy 11.
You know, they do these very small patches, but it's enough to keep it going for another month until the next patch.
Not everything has to be a major ordeal. I mean, those are nice to have, too.
But, you know, when you have the really small little things that give you a little extra content,
a little perk for your $12.95 or whatever you paid that month for a subscription model game,
it makes it so much more worth it.
Yeah, and they do a live stream Oedipo's TV about every week, and there's usually some giveaway codes there, too, to unlock stuff.
But, yeah, I've spent more than a few bucks on it, but it's just because I've spent so much time with this game and I enjoy it.
And, of course, it doesn't hurt that it's Doctor Who, either.
Well, Brad, I'll be looking forward to hearing more on the new Doctor Who on Pod Culture, possibly TARDIS Interruptus, on a future week.
Brad, you will be missed at Dragon Con very much.
As apparently the whole crew, I didn't realize none of you guys were going this year. That's unfortunate.
Best of luck with the par six, but even if you don't win, you guys are still all winners, and we love having you guys here at the network.
Well, on the off chance that we do win, I hope that you would be kind enough to go up for us.
I absolutely will, and I will have the fireball ready to go.
There you go. All right, guys, talk to you later.
All right, bye, Brad.
Bye.
Always good to hear from our buddy Brad there from Pod Culture, Monday nights here at the Voice of the Geek's network, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
I can probably squeeze in one other call, but I think, am I saying goodbye to Jamie is leaving?
Yeah, got ahead. I have to get up early tomorrow because of good things.
All right, well, good. DarkSakura, I'm glad to hear good things, even if it does mean getting up early.
Quickly, though, final thought for listeners tonight before I take another call here.
Form your own opinion.
All right. Don't be a follower, right?
Don't be a follower.
All right.
Reject false icons.
Fair enough. All right, let's see if I can squeeze in at least one more call here before we wrap up for tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Howdy. My name is Ben. I do a little web series called Port Center, which you've probably never heard of.
I have not, but I saw your name in chat earlier.
Yeah, actually, this is the first time I've listened to your show at all.
A friend of mine recommended that I tune in and catch you guys live, so I thought, yeah, why not?
You guys are a hoot.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're very welcome.
We're usually a lot funnier when Shane's not here.
Burn.
Shane sounds suspiciously like a friend of mine called Jeff.
I live in Los Angeles. I don't know the accent for you.
And he sounds almost identical to the point that whenever I hear him, I think, what is Jeff doing on this show?
That's weird.
I have my own plane, so I fly back and forth.
It's like Scooby Doo.
He teleports.
He's going to pull off his mask, and it was Jeff the whole time.
Well, who's your friend that told you to listen? Because I want to give them an OLR Gold Star.
There's my friend Marissa. I don't know if she's in the chat right now.
Marissa!
Oh, shit. Marissa's got an entire collection of Gold Stars. She's got a bucket.
She's got too many. Too many, I think.
She can take the Gold Star challenge and dump it.
Marissa's ample bosoms are covered in Gold Stars.
Marissa's the best ever. She already knew that. There's literally nothing else I can give her.
Well, thanks, Marissa.
But thank you for listening and tuning in. How can we help you tonight? What do you want to talk about?
Well, actually, I recently did an episode of my show. I'm not going to plug my thing. That's crass.
But I did an episode about the Addams Family video game that was based on the movie that came out in 1991.
There was a game for the Sega Genesis and the Amiga and the Super Nintendo.
It was a really solid kind of Mario-style platform game.
And I've been thinking over the last couple of days about how there's this idea that a lot of people who play games have
where if it's a licensed game, it's going to be terrible.
And I think that's not really... I don't think that's a fair kind of generalization to make about what is...
It's not really a subgenre, but it's a kind of a category of game is the licensed game.
There's a lot of really solid stuff out there.
So I thought maybe I'd ask you guys if you guys had any recommendations for licensed games or any games that were
licensed that you were expecting to basically be terrible. But it turns out, actually, they're not bad.
Well, since you brought up the Addams Family, I can't help but go here.
If you're a fan of the Addams Family, I will say it produced easily one of the top three pinball tables of all time.
I love the Addams Family pinball machine. Spectacular.
The existence of the Addams Family pinball led to Twilight Zone. Directly led to Twilight Zone.
It was Lawler did it.
And in naming off the various ports of the Addams Family game,
regretfully, you missed the one on the NES that I enjoyed, which was Fester's Quest.
Now, a lot of people really kind of hammed on that game because it was basically Blaster Master, but without the 2D stuff.
It was only kind of the overhead stuff, but they did it. They made like a Fester game out of it.
So it really wasn't bad, especially now that it's so easy to go back and revisit some of those NES classics.
But getting away from the Addams Family a little bit, as much as I freaking love those movies, by the way,
those are like the best movies. Some of the best movies came out of the 90s.
I would say I think some of the all-time classics that are based on license have to do with Star Wars.
I think just last night, I was talking to a friend about the vector-based Star Wars game.
That was the Atari. That game was incredible.
I know I've brought this up before on the show, and some people kind of controversially, Super Star Wars.
Some people don't agree with me. I think it was Jason, wasn't it? Was not a fan of it.
But we kind of reached an understanding there. Are you thinking of something, Shane?
Jeff has a suggestion here.
Yes, Jeff. What's your suggestion?
So, Gremlins 2 on regular Nintendo. So good.
I remember that.
That was a genuine, just a wonderful little top-down adventure game.
Yeah, and you threw tomatoes.
And it had the lady gremlin in it.
I'd actually say just things based off of anime series, because I was a big importer,
is I actually super liked the Rurouni Kenshin RPG that came out.
I have the Blue Seed RPG, which is also really good.
And the Macross Do You Remember Love? and VFX2 was really good.
So the Macross games were really good.
I do want to say, though, I think the reason why a lot of licensed games get a lot of crap
is because they're trying to get out in time for the release of said movie or said TV show or what have you,
they're rushed. And if it's not able to sit in the oven long enough to cook properly, it's going to come out a little raw.
It's just like that story we had earlier about the Super Smash Brothers,
where they're talking about the bugs and having to test every single possible combination.
When you rush something, it's going to not have that quality process.
The most classic example of all time is the E.T. game on the Atari 2600.
Howard Scott Warshaw, who was a magnificent programmer for Atari 2600,
created one of the best experiences on the console, the Yars Revenge.
He had to turn that shit out in six weeks, and that's what you got. Shit.
Because if somebody had bug processed that game and said,
you know, you really do fall down these holes one too many times,
you know, it could have been fixed, but it couldn't because of the aggressive schedule.
I have another one. Jeff, do you have another one?
I have like a hundred actually.
Okay, yeah, I have a few more too. Go ahead.
Power Rangers the movie on Super Nintendo.
Of course.
Great. Any Capcom Disney game on the NES for the most part?
Oh, absolutely.
All those were great.
The X-Men game on Genesis, I don't remember what it was called, but it was really good.
So just, I don't know, I can't actually help with that one.
I would say Jurassic Park on both the Super Nintendo and the Genesis,
even though they were very different games, were both really not bad.
Indiana Jones had an amazing arcade game that was so good.
It was on the same engine.
Simpsons arcade game?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Simpsons arcade game. Spectacular.
Ninja Turtles beat up.
That's a classic.
So, Ben, I mean, that's a lot.
What about a newer game?
Can you think of a newer game?
No, because they're all awful.
I think kind of a go-to, I mean, in terms of,
you mentioned before that sometimes it's because of release dates that these games have to be rushed out.
An example of an awful licensed game where that wasn't the case is actually Deadpool,
because Activision told the developers during development,
we're not aiming for high review scores.
We're looking for about a six out of ten.
So that's one of the reasons why that game wasn't that good.
But in terms of games, licensed games that are really solid,
I still kind of go to the gold standard for me for the last generation is Batman Arkham Asylum.
It is such an enjoyable experience from start to finish.
Good choice. Very good choice. I would agree with that.
All those games, I mean, I'm looking forward to the next one that's coming out.
They got pushed back to next year, but that's going to be great, too.
So, alright, Ben, I have to wrap up and let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But, Ben, I'm a big supporter of indie broadcasters, indie podcasts.
Go ahead. It's not crass. Plug your stuff. Come on.
Oh, thank you very much.
It's a web series about change in video games.
It's about interesting and unique ports and conversions of video games.
You can find it online at portcenter.tv.
It's portcenter, like SportsCenter, but without the S at the front, .tv.
Alright, I love it. That's a cute little play on words you got there.
Thanks so much for listening, Ben, and participating in calling in on your first night.
See you this week, Ben. This is Jeff.
I'll see you at D&D.
Oh, maybe not.
I knew it. You were a D&D player the whole time.
Now, if it's second edition, count me in.
Alright. Alright, take care, Ben.
Bye.
Give Marissa a big hug, because you'll probably see her before we do, sadly.
I might be seeing her on Monday. Maybe.
Lucky brat.
Do my squeeze.
Alright, take care, my friend.
See ya.
Rob, I just saved your life.
What? How? What'd you do?
I killed a Black Widow.
Oh, are they in the house?
There was one in the bathroom.
That's scary. So you saved Shane's life.
I saved Shane's life.
And Sanrio.
That's scary. Alright, I'm going to make this call really quick, but I do want to fit in one more call before we go.
Hi, you're on Orange Falls Radio. Who's this?
It's the resident whore of anime conventions, Rama.
Rama, you almost didn't get in tonight.
We've had a lot of, like, returning and new callers tonight.
It's kind of awesome.
But we love you too, Rama.
You'd be the whore if they paid you.
You're like the slut of anime cons.
You pay your cover to get in.
I am an anime consul.
So what Jamie is saying is, you are a whore, darlin'.
And then how?
If he gets paid, he's the whore.
Alright, we're going to make this quick. Rama, what's on your mind? Quick.
Look, I just got to say that the ALS Ice Water Challenge, originally, the challenge was happening, but people were picking whatever charity you wanted to go to.
And then this. I've also been called out five times to do the challenge.
Yeah, you need some sort of, like, achievement unlocked where people can see the trophy on your Facebook page where it's like,
or if somebody chooses not to participate, I think that's okay too.
Like, I kind of said, you know, I would choose to help charities in my own ways that I come up with.
So, and that's what I do.
But I'm not going to sit there and say, you guys do the ice bucket challenge, you're stupid.
No, that's stupid. It's great.
That's a story for another time.
Because honestly, money is coming out. I think it's a good thing.
Now, last thing I want to get off my chest before I get out of here.
I found your DragonCon solution. This is what you do.
Alright.
About a good forty, about a good fifteen, half hour before the panels.
Get your drink on, okay? Seriously, get your drink on.
Well, that will be the entire weekend, but yes.
Go down to that dance party, okay?
Go up for about ten, fifteen minutes.
Leave. Go to the Twin Peaks one.
Leave. Go back to the dance party.
It'll become a sausage fest and you can just sit there and laugh your ass off.
No, in reality, Rama, they are at the same time.
But the Twin Peaks panel is an hour and the LGBT thing is 5.5 hours.
And let's be real, that community tends to run late to everything.
So, I'm going to just go to the Twin Peaks thing and then go to the party,
which will probably just be starting at that time, to be real.
So, that's my plan.
That's all. There you go.
But I appreciate the advice of a seasoned pro as well.
I am no seasoned pro, good sir.
Rama, what do you think about Tokujir maybe getting skipped?
The fact, I can kind of understand because of the color of the outfits,
but this is Saban here.
He's going to skip it because you got Dino Charge and Super Dino Charge,
AKA 52 episodes, which will be edited down to about...
Forty.
No, thirty. Fifteen per season.
I'm still sitting here waiting for them to finish up with whatever the hell,
whatever the hell they want to call this crap.
So, I can sit here and rent and flip my table and call it a day.
Why do you think I only stick to the Japanese ones?
I just like to sit and compare and be like, really?
But do I have to realize it's the same thing when it comes to Ninja Turtles,
all these other franchises.
Yeah, these producers may wreck it for us, but it ain't for us.
It's for the average person that's going to sit there and watch it anyway.
So, no matter how much we bitch mode complain about how it's not like the source material.
They do not care about us.
They more care about the average user who's going to spend more money on it than what we will.
Because fifteen minutes in, we're going to be like, fuck this, I'm out.
Hey, at least they changed the pink Zord back to pink for Dino Charge instead of purple.
So, that's nice of them.
Point taken. So, are you picking up the Zoo Ranger box set?
No, I watched a little bit of that. I didn't really find it that interesting.
I thought Die Ranger was better than Zoo Ranger.
And if you want to hear this conversation continue,
tune into Anime Jam Session on Tuesday nights at the Boise Geese Network.
I get the hit, Rob.
I really need to go, so bye, Rajan.
Stop taking over this show with your Power Rangers chat.
Bye, Rob. Bye, Jeff.
Bye, Rama. Take care, buddy.
Nice meeting you.
I will, as always.
Bye.
Alright, bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skyline. It was on fire tonight.
I'm really sorry to those of you that didn't get through.
Please consider sending us an email.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send us an email.
Or you can also send us a tweet, twitter.com slash O-L-R.
You can even post on our Facebook page as well.
Send a carrier pigeon for all I care.
Just, you know, let us know you care.
And that's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and participating with the program.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio,
just tell a friend or five about the show.
Just like Marissa did, who got our gold star tonight for following,
I guess, not really following because it's not a demand.
It's more of a request for granting.
It's granting our request. No, you talking about Power Rangers.
That's a demand.
That didn't even make sense.
Granting our request to tell a few people about Orange Lounge Radio.
It helps spread the word because we don't have a magazine
or a big publishing arm behind us.
We just have word of mouth.
Thanks for keeping it positive, too, you guys.
You know, it's been a rough week.
And I hope you guys got some positivity and some laughs out of tonight's show.
And we could bring some more positive things.
So even if you don't feel like telling people you listen to OLR,
at least try to spread some positivity out there
because it's a really, it can be a really shitty world sometimes.
And, you know, just don't be a part of it.
So before I close up shop tonight, though,
I got to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Shane, despite all the shit I give you on the show,
you know, you're kind of awesome sometimes.
All the time. And I'm always right.
And I really appreciate you filling in tonight in a pinch.
Especially since it's way past my bedtime.
Do you have anything you want to plug before you go to bed?
Power Rangers.
All right. And any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Power Rangers.
Power Rangers. All right.
And my final thought tonight is, oh, my gosh,
I'm leaving in, like, less than 72 hours.
I might be freaking out just a little bit.
Anyway, I can't wait to see many of you at Dragon Con.
And for those of you guys that are going to other conventions this weekend,
or even if you're just staying at home and having a barbecue,
I hope you have a fantastic, long weekend.
And we'll be back in two weeks to do it all again
with another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a wonderful night, everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to fognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
