DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki Tonight, January 2nd, 2011, a popular SoCal arcade prepares to shut its doors, a hype Japanese release underperforms, and a classic Super Nintendo RPG makes its way to mobile phones.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice.
Over the next few hours, we'll be talking to you about video games and gaming culture, gaming lifestyle, all that fun stuff.
A new year here at Orange Lounge Radio, our ninth year, if you can believe it, of broadcasting from 2002 to 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts, and with me, as always, as she has been for nine damn years, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I hate that damn dragon.
We're gonna get to that in a minute because everything, like, changed.
It's like, it's like a new, is it technically a new decade now that it's 2011?
Yes.
Okay.
So, like, new decade, everything changed.
Seriously, I'm gonna get to that in a minute.
Nothing's changed.
I brought this- Techmaster Loki over there interjecting his opinion.
Yes.
Yes, Techmaster Loki?
Yes, I brought soup a few weeks ago.
Remember, I had two large soups and I'm like, look, I have two soups.
But tonight you brought four.
Now I have four soups.
Well, it wasn't intentional.
I only wanted to.
Instead of two large soups, he has four smaller soups.
Which I think is still more soup than it was before.
And that's value.
Now, I do have to introduce, always with us, the fourth guest on the show, officially, is our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com or we are on the IRC network on Gamesurge, if you find that, gamesurge.net.
and we are in Channel Orange Lounge but if you want to do that the real easy way just go to chat.orangeloungeradio.com but we do sometimes have guests in studio with us just to hang out and have some fun with us say hello to Gary is back tonight
Happy New Year!
How are you doing, Gary?
I'm doing alright.
You haven't been here in a few months.
I seem to remember the last time you were here, Loki was out.
So you were kind of a fill-in host-y type deal.
Yeah, something like that.
You're back tonight to kick off the New Year with us here at OLR.
We were off for the holiday break and all the December events that were going on.
Dark Sakura loaded her car and went up to Washington.
How was your Washington trip, by the way?
That fun, huh?
It was alright.
I watched a lot of the DIY Network and Chiller because they had a Buffy marathon.
Doesn't Chiller also run the Twin Peaks episodes?
I have no idea because I don't have cable.
What did you watch on DIY?
House Movers, that was pretty cool.
And I watched a lot of the home repair ones.
I learned the quick way to add in drywall.
Here comes Dan the Man, the husband of DarkSakura, always present here.
Am I on here?
Yes, you're on.
Before you listen to her bitch about it, she also got to drink ridiculously expensive wine.
I did.
And she got completely smashed with my dad, which was hilarious.
Your dad kept pouring me the wine.
And you kept drinking it.
And so did he.
Anyway.
And then he got an inversion table, so I'm drunk and upside down.
It was kinkier than it sounds.
With my dad.
Shut up!
You are a bastard.
Indeed.
It was a smooth pimp.
So before you let her go, oh, it sucked and I was bored.
I didn't say it sucked.
She had a good time.
I got to sleep the whole way there.
I saw her vlogs.
They were entertaining.
DarkSakura is a vlogger now with her little phonesy.
And disturbing.
Vlogging in the snow.
And then Dan's sitting there in the background like, hey, I'm Dan.
I'm driving.
I talked more on a couple that we didn't upload.
Oh, bugger.
Okay, well, I'm out of here.
All right, take care, Dan.
So yeah, we do occasionally talk about video games here on Orange Lawn Radio.
Video games, what the fuck?
Since it is a new year, let me just kind of reset the stage for everybody if we happen to have any new listeners.
So we're hitting the reset button real quick.
Beep!
Believe it or not, Dance Dance Revolution, we used to be obsessed with that game
Oh, oh, no, no, no, no, Rob, Rob.
For us, it was Parapara.
A little bit of that, too, and Beatmania, and a lot of those music-based video games.
So for a very long time, before there was even podcasting, we had a show on Live365 dedicated to music games and the music from them and so forth.
Meek!
Even first person shooters we might get to tonight.
And of course, food games.
Iron Chef?
I'm going to make a sandwich in a moment and I'm going to make a turkey and cranberry sandwich and it's going to be amazing.
The secret ingredient in Iron Chef the game is suck.
All right.
Anyhow, so that's our little show.
So welcome.
Thanks for joining us.
And of course, we do plug ourselves as the show where every gamer has a voice.
And we do mean that, you know, this show was started with a bunch of us kind of sitting around after a night at the arcade.
We used to go to this little restaurant called Brookfield's that was in the parking lot of the arcade where we all played at.
And we would have...
Old People Food Don't forget Rick's Glass of Merlot
Alright, anyhow Let's talk about games and your gaming week We were off last week because of Decemberween or whatever Yeah, Decemberween Whatever it is you celebrate Festivus, Christmas, Kwanzaa All of it All of it was an excuse to have last week off DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Well, I played a lot.
Actually, I played a lot of Mushihime-sama Bug Panic.
Thank you so much, Loki.
That game is so freaking fun.
And seriously, it's like mix a cave shooter and an adventure game.
And it's bullet hell on feet.
It's fun.
It's super fun.
And so I played a ton of that.
And I feel dirty.
I feel dirty, Rob.
Why?
Why do you feel dirty?
Wow.
DarkSakura started playing World of Warcraft.
Oh my god, you guys.
It's like a total turnaround from her stance two weeks ago.
And I gained 30 levels in four days.
Okay, so before everybody starts yelling at you, Scab!
Defector!
You suck!
What is it?
What's the magic that's there now that wasn't there for you last time?
More to do.
You get the hell out.
Dan is in here.
You get the hell out.
You are not on.
No.
I'd like to give an F you to Rob for this whole fucking Warcraft thing.
I'm not having it in my house.
She can play for a while.
Then she's going to get all addicted.
Then I'm going to get a fucking divorce.
It's your fault, Rob.
It's not my fault.
I'm going to kill you.
Tiara plays too.
Blame her.
I don't like Tiara.
Oh, I like her.
You can get the hell out!
Should we call the police right now?
I don't know.
There's about to be a domestic disturbance.
At least it's all captured here on the radio.
Dan was in here doing the happy dance while I blithely flipped him off.
It was funny.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And, like, even some of the missions are now, like, broken.
And as much fun as I was having, it's like, I'm kinda done.
You know, what more can I do?
So, um, I thought that the changes were really exciting, but really all I ever do is go in there, talk to my friends, and play Dabo.
That's it.
So, I was like, you know, the door of opportunity swung open, so I gave it a try.
Even after I was damn determined to play this game, because it did not want me to.
I defied every power that tried to prevent me from playing this game.
Meaning?
Meaning that my stupid theloader.exe was reading badly with Windows, so I had to rename it Bob, and then it worked.
No seriously, I tried every freaking thing.
I ran safe mode with networking.
I did all of this crap.
And finally I'm like, fuck you, I'm naming you Bob.
And it worked.
Wasn't there a program back in the day called Microsoft Bob?
I have no idea.
Isn't that like the reason we have Comic Sans in the world now?
Yeah.
By the way, I've got to go to our chat room.
You know they are the always present guests here on the show.
They're not allowed to talk.
BlackWolf, addict.
Actdeft, sellout.
Bochikawa, addict.
SalaciousPop in our chat room.
I was fine with my spouse's sleeping pill and QVC addiction, but I will not abide World of Warcraft in this marriage.
Is he trying to say that you're addicted to sleeping pills and QVC?
Dan admitted to me earlier today that he used to stay up late in his high school years watching the Home Shopping Network.
What other good shit about... I was in fifth grade, and I stayed up all night watching Home Shopping Network because I was up late, and it made me feel like somebody was up with me so I wouldn't be lonely.
Pathetic, huh?
Sad.
And it's hilarious because they're so stupid.
I love watching them sell a computer.
You press this button and it does stuff.
It comes with a free printer.
Didn't know your show was going to be a confessional tonight, did you?
It's like we're cleaning the slate for New Year's.
It's a confessional tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
Get everything off your chest so that this new decade can be a relieving one.
Amen to that.
But, well, I am going to say that I have now made it from one side of the continent to the other On whatever freaking continent that is that you took me to Actually, first of all, you took me to this giant tree And then I jumped off, died, and then respawned at the bottom of the tree So that I wouldn't have to figure out how to get off of it And then just ran across the water
Star Trek Online
As I was going through all of the ranks and stuff, you get more of the story, and I was like, well, it's really fitting in well with Star Trek Universe.
And then I just got to this point, like, why are we fighting the Davidians?
They were the lamest, brain-sucking, interdimensional creatures ever.
Except that they gave me the cool Silent Hill thing, so that was cool, but...
I accidentally ran into an instance and got killed.
That has to happen at least once, I think.
It was the one that was underwater, like with all the underwater people.
Sounds like Black Fathom Depths.
That was it.
That was it.
Oh, it's sad I know that.
And now I'm in some place called the Battle Scar, and I couldn't find the damn flag, and then I just gained a level.
Congrats.
So what level are you now?
I know you're going to do it.
37.
In a row?
Yeah.
But I think I've done okay for myself because I've gotten there in technically six days of playing.
Right?
Yeah, you've been jamming right along.
Bochy Kawan, our chairman, says everyone jumps off of Teledrasil.
It's normal.
Is it like the Golden Gate?
Wow.
Loomies in our chatroom says, I hope we have another I slept with a forum troll reveal.
I don't know.
Gary, have you ever slept with a forum troll?
No.
Well, we had a guest a couple weeks ago that apparently had, so.
The only thing that forum trolls are fit for is machine gun targets.
All right.
Seriously, though.
But I got a melodica.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, no, I did other stuff, but I don't remember, so fuck it.
We've had a bunch of mame going on in the front room all day.
I heard they were playing Moonwalker when we got here.
And they played too.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
No, no, wait, I had to go.
Ouch.
And, yeah, they've had the mame fest going on, and Dan has a new steering wheel for Gran Turismo 5.
I'm never going to call a WoW player an addict again.
I'm going to call Dan an addict.
It's a Bobby Blackwell joke.
Bobby is convinced that Gran Turismo 5 is not out because he's not seen it on a store shelf anywhere.
But your husband somehow has it.
You know what?
I can verify that it is out because sometimes I hear Dan yelling at it.
That though, and the biggest thing that I'm going to give it is that it has the Top Gear track and it has the Stig.
So it's instantly in my cool book forever because I freaking love the Stig.
He listens to all kinds of interesting music and he may or may not be an alien.
Okay, let's go to Loki.
Loki, how was your game week?
It was okay.
Didn't play a whole lot.
Just playing the same stuff.
I've been working on Grand Theft Auto stuff, just doing construction stuff with the mods.
Then also, of course, I've been playing some iPod games.
Some of these aren't exactly new.
Actually, most of these aren't new.
But they're very similar types of games.
Canabalt and I Must Run, both actually pretty much similar to Canabalt.
Based off the Flash game where you run and have to jump over pits and stuff like that without dying and it keeps getting faster and faster.
I must run, they try to add kind of a story to it, and it's kind of neat, and I like the presentation of it.
And then I also played this game, NOM.
It's like some time-traveling game that sort of reminds me of the art style of, like, Feel the Magic.
So that's kind of cool.
and then also played more Swords & Poker 2 which unfortunately is not on the app store anymore and same with the first one, Swords & Poker 1 but thankfully though I have a jailbroken iPod so I don't have that problem and I'm glad because those games are very addicting
And then also, I don't know if you noticed, but there was some new stuff actually coming on the App Store.
It was pretty cool.
They had one of the Tales games actually is now on the App Store.
So if you're a fan of that series, you might want to check that out because it looks just like the Super NES Tales game.
It was, let's see here, which Tales game was it?
Tales, I guess, Tales of Weaver, Lucian Cults.
But I guess it's based on the MMORPG.
But it looks like, you know, a nice 16-bit RPG game.
You know, I will say, even though you've been kind of slowly going this way over the past six months, maybe the biggest change for 2011 isn't the fact that Loki is not bringing bacon pizza to the show, but the fact that I would have never said two years ago that Loki would be the one here reviewing games that are out on the iTouch.
Like, call me crazy, but if you've listened to Loki's diatribes in the past on Apple products... I've already told you, though, it's...
I understand.
It's just, it's still a little bizarre.
It's Macs, not iThings.
See, the iThings, they are expensive, but they're good.
And the Macs, the Macs are fucking expensive.
They're not good.
You don't get very good value for what you purchase.
Basically, I mean, I would hope that if I'm spending $2,000 on a laptop that I'm getting something more than just one USB drive.
I don't care if it's paper thin.
I want a fucking computer that can do something.
so that's just my opinion but hey you know what teach their own and some people will buy you know Mac stuff forever and honestly I spent no money on this I had a stupid gift card that they gave me and it was either that or buying a bunch of Apple TVs to throw out a window or something I will say that Macs are still great for the graphics but now that Adobe's figured out that there's really a lot of PC users out there I have no need to have a Mac anymore
I would need new underwear every day.
They're pretty nice.
Our graphics department has some of those and they're nice.
But once again, it's a monitor.
And I'm sure that monitor is way overpriced for what it is.
I could buy a TV and hook it up and it would cost less than the monitor.
See, I have my iPod, which I can browse the web and stuff if I have a Wi-Fi spot.
And I have my phone, which I can browse the web too with that.
But honestly, I hate my phone's web browser.
It's terrible.
And it's slow.
What kind of phone do you have?
I have an Android phone, but it's a virgin mobile prepaid Android phone.
I don't think it's like a super Android.
No, it's like an Android light.
Android that plays Snake.
Yes, but it is an Android that I was able to root and add a thing to allow me to tether to it.
So I just tether this to it and I'm able to browse the web.
And I love it.
It's great.
And I use this actually a lot now to browse the web and check my mail or whatever instead of having to go to my computer, boot it up, and do all that stuff.
It's a lot quicker.
I just do it on here.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, Loki, what would you say to the description of a Mac as an overpriced fashion accessory?
True or false?
Or something else?
they buy into the brand and not necessarily it's for people they've kind of marketed them as PCs that are easy to use or laptops that are easy to use people don't want to try to learn stuff and they trust the Apple brand because it's been around forever and unfortunately people are willing to spend a lot of money for that
This is the impression I get, and I'm probably going to piss some Mac fans off, but oh well.
I had an Apple laptop.
It only lasted me a year, but I had it.
But anyway, I kind of get the sense that Apple, a lot of their systems, and I don't know why we've turned into this Mac versus PC war, but...
We'll get past it in a minute.
It's really preference.
I mean, if you want to buy one, go ahead.
But Macs are kind of like PC consoles to me and I think sometimes that's the advantage of them is that a lot of the software is very much customized for the Mac because their library is a little more limited than what you see on the PC and the expandability and customizability, while yes, I understand you can do some of it with Apple, they're not all over the fucking map like PCs are.
There's zillions and zillions of different types of PCs, but there's only so many types of Macs.
So I think the software...
by nature kind of is a little more optimized and runs a little better on Macs.
I think the App Store coming to the Mac is a great idea because, you know, at least then you have a lot of different programs and tools and stuff that people can just fill their computer with, like I have with my iPod.
So I think that's a good idea and they'll really fit with it.
But once again, it's basically just like, hey, look, it's just a more expensive iPad or something.
Now it's a computer iPad, you know.
I don't know.
It's just...
But iPads are so cute
Um, well, DarkSakura's husband's been kicking my ass thoroughly on Street Fighter 4 Super Turbo.
Um, yes, well, that goes without saying, I just started playing it, thank you.
I just said that I can't, that he can't help that he's not good at it.
That's because I haven't played it since I was in junior high, thank you.
And I also just started playing Batman Arkham Asylum, finally, which the graphics are wow.
And yeah, I know I'm trying to come lately to that party, but it's still something... I haven't touched the game.
Oh, okay.
Well, I feel a little bit better, but still.
It's a fun game.
I'm told that you can beat it in about eight hours if you're dedicated, but I'll drag it out and enjoy it as long as I can.
But yeah, I recently acquired an Xbox 360, and that's been a lot of fun.
and I'm quite impressed.
I also got a Samsung phone with Windows on it and I noticed it has the Xbox Live application.
I have yet to go through the catalog and see what games are available to download.
I think I saw Tetris as one of them.
That's been a big thing they're pushing lately is that the whole achievements from your phone and all that.
You know what's kind of cool, and I'm kind of off subject here real quick, but we were talking about my phone.
One thing I like, and this is something that I wish they would do with Steam and stuff, is the Android Marketplace.
Say you buy an app or something from them, and it either sucks or it doesn't work, you can get your money back and uninstall it.
Oh, wow.
Nice.
Yes.
I mean, that's awesome.
Why don't they have that?
They should really have that.
My iPhone lasts forever.
Well, the more you're online, the more you do the GPS-enabled stuff, of course, that's all going to be a battery drain.
So you just want to make sure you're not running anything in the background that is always GPS.
We were running the MP3 players from here to Washington and didn't use up the whole battery.
Surprisingly enough, MP3 really doesn't use up much battery.
And I was recording and Facebooking the entire way, too.
It only uses up a lot of battery if you continuously skip through songs, I've noticed.
If you just let it play, yeah, it'll go forever.
Yeah.
Well, anything else for your gaming week you wish to share with us, Gary?
Oh, just a lot of tabletop D&Ds.
Ah, that's right.
You're into the old school types of games, not really old school.
Yeah, but I like me some Final Fantasy too, and I've got a hold of Final Fantasy XIII and haven't had a chance to start it yet because I'm still one thing at a time.
And for the tabletop fans out there, because I know there's always a few, there's always a little bit of crossover between the video gaming circles and tabletop gaming circles.
What are your tabletop games of choice right now?
I've been playing D&D since 2000, so I'm kind of getting burnt out on fantasy.
I'm looking at Hero System, I'm looking at Mutants and Masterminds from Green Ronin, which just recently released a DC Heroes role-playing game based on the Mutants and Masterminds system last fall, and they're going to put out the third edition of Mutants and Masterminds very, very shortly.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Alright.
Speaking of DC, there's a big new game coming out soon.
The DC Universe Online is out in about, what, one, two weeks?
I've seen screencaps from that.
It looks awesome.
Yeah, I've played the beta on the PC.
It's good times.
It's a little bit like if Ninja Turtles was an MMO.
Because it is a lot of beat-em-up.
It does come with a month of free play.
Well, that's customary, of course.
So we'll see.
Might have to look into that one.
Alright.
GameStop GameStop GameStop
And I played this at E3 and I was somewhat encouraged by what I saw with the whole Prince of Persia style fighting.
And I was seeing the light bike races on another screen, although that ended up really being the Wii version.
So I played the Tron game and it sucks.
I hate it.
I'm really disappointed because Tron deserves a better game than this.
And I'm sorry to say it, it was clearly, clearly...
clearly rushed to make the movie release and this shit always happens with games based on movies and that's why none of them are ever any good I should say rarely are they good and unfortunately it just falls in that same bin where the best part about it was the Daft Punk soundtrack in the beginning
It's supposed to kind of explain what happened between the first movie and the new movie.
And the new movie does some of that flashback as well.
So, there is overlap with the flashback sequences you see in the movie and what you play in the game.
Honestly, I think I'm just going to go on YouTube and try to find a compilation of all the cutscenes from the game.
There will be more Tron games, you know.
It's inevitable.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, you know, and I'm doing the light bikes and they control like butt.
And I crashed my light cycle, I shit you not, like seven times.
And the whole like acceleration, deceleration doesn't really flow.
And there's this part where you are supposed to do this big jump, but if you haven't accelerated enough, you don't make the jump.
I mean, I'm literally sitting there going, did anybody play this game to see if it was fun?
Because it's not fun.
and that is so frustrating because it's Tron.
It's fucking Tron and it deserves to be so much better.
I was so mad.
I will tell you this.
Do not, do not spend $60 on this game.
Do spend 99 cents on the iPhone game that's out there because it's a better experience.
I have that.
It's great.
That was the other thing that I was trying to remember when I played.
That game is fun.
But you did see the movie, right?
Oh yeah, I fucking love the movie.
Well, you know that they're doing it twice.
They're doing like a Clone Wars thing with it where they're going to have an animated series that's going to be between the first and second movies.
Yeah, that sounds interesting.
You should totally read the comics, by the way.
The Betrayal.
They're really good.
I wonder if there's any overlap with that in the game as well.
But let me tell you, here's some of my problems with the game, you guys.
Because, you know, I'm sitting here going, it stinks.
The thing is that a lot of the combat feels really repetitive and there's some frame rate issues when you're throwing the disc.
It just kind of seems to bounce all over the screen in random frames.
The multiplayer, what would you think multiplayer would be in Tron?
What would you think would be the first thing you're going to go into in a multiplayer in Tron?
Anybody?
Light Cycles?
Don't you think?
No.
Or the disc thing.
Nope, it's a battle arena.
It's not the disc thing.
It's just 20 people in a big clusterfuck arena all derezzing each other.
There were no light cycles up front, huh?
You know what I mean?
And it's not.
I went into this ultra-lame, 20-people-just-all-throwing-just-each-other mode.
Or the light jets, you know?
That would have been cool.
Oh, the light jets would be awesome.
Oh, yeah.
Or the little, like, mosquito-looking guys in the movie.
It was awesome.
Wyland in our chatroom says, play a real Tron game.
Play 2.0.
You know what?
I've heard a lot of good things about that game, and I probably should.
You're probably right.
So...
I was going to ask you about that.
Were there any other Tron games that came out before the movie besides 2.0?
Just Tron 2.0 that I know of, and that's not counting any fan stuff.
Because the Tron sequel's been in development for quite some time, from what I understand.
So there's been an absence of Tron things.
I mean, not counting Xbox Live Marketplace had rehashes of the Tron and Distotron.
I don't even think you can get them anymore because of license issues.
But, you know, if you don't count that, then... This is where it gets awesome.
Tron Deadly Discs.
So, and Wyland just wants to say, yeah, 2.0 is far, far better than Evolution.
And TigerClaw says, Sky, light cycles are in there.
I think it's the RB button that puts you in light cycle mode.
Well, I mean, I know light cycles were like in the game, but is it multiplayer?
Because when I was like circling around the different arenas, it was all different types of melee.
So whatever.
I mean, call me an idiot if you want, but the fact that I couldn't find that very easy, I think speaks for itself, right?
Yeah.
So, anyhow.
Unfortunately, if you must rent Tron for the story, do not, do not spend $50 or $60 on this game.
Just go to the Tron Wiki.
I've already read the whole thing on the Tron Wiki.
Well, I mean, it's nice to see it.
Like, it's fun to see the movie.
Rent it.
It's at most worth a $5 rental.
And you could probably play through it in a weekend.
Or, most red boxes nowadays do have game rentals as well.
You can rent it for one day for like two bucks.
There you go.
That's probably, that sounds, from what you were saying, that sounds like about all it's worth.
So I'm going to move up the scale in games I played this week.
So here's the next game I played.
White Knight Chronicles came out in 08.
It's like a level 5 game for the PlayStation 3.
What was it?
Final Fantasy XI, the offline version almost?
Well, here's the thing.
I'm not sure what the fuck this game is.
And that's the weird thing about it.
I kind of feel like White Knight Chronicles is one of those games where it has a bit of an identity crisis where they try to do so much with it that they have a lot in the game but it doesn't do any of it exceedingly well.
And it's not that I dislike the game.
It's been interesting to me enough where I've sank like four hours in it so far.
But I don't know.
It's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so okay whatever so the main character and his little lackey you go off on the adventures and you know you're killing things and the battle system is the closest thing I could compare it to is like Final Fantasy 12 it is an interesting battle system because you can kind of do like live attacks and things and the coolest part was that you can create combos based on your class and you can kind of like string these combos together that you've created and so it's kind of kind of cool like I like that um
And then...
After you're about a couple hours into the story, it says, by the way, there's this whole geonet thing.
You can hook up online and play with other people and get quests and do this stuff together.
And so I'm like, oh, maybe that's why your character's been a lackey this whole time, because that's really going to be your online character.
Even though they had nothing to do with the single player mode, this character's going to be like your little online person.
and I don't know and then the game starts to feel like now I'm playing Phantasy Star Universe there's all these quests that you can kind of do and there's recommended levels and you go out in the field and do your goal like it really kind of felt like Phantasy Star Universe where you play the single player for a little while and then all of a sudden it's like oh hey it's a multiplayer game too
So it was really weird.
I don't know how else to explain it.
And sometimes the camera can kind of bug and sometimes the battle system starts to feel a little bit like, okay, could I gain my little powers a little faster so I could do the cool stuff more often?
Because right now this feels very slow moving.
So yeah, White Knight Chronicles, a bit of an identity crisis.
I didn't hate it.
I don't love it, I like it, but I have a really difficult time explaining to anybody what the game is.
So you're rating them in a nutshell as just what, meh?
I think if you like Japanese RPG type of games, and you like the more action-y based ones, like you like Phantasy Star Online, it's not press X to swing your sword.
It's a little more active time battle than that.
But if you kind of like that sort of idea, then I think you'd like it.
And if you like a grind fest, I think it would be permissible.
And especially now that you can find it most places like $30, $35, that's a fair price to pay.
considering it has a pretty robust online mode that you're not paying a monthly fee for so I'll give it that and I guess there's a sequel that came out in Japan but I don't think it's coming out here because unfortunately I do not believe the game did too well so there you go
Yeah, so that was the weird thing.
Then I played Fallout 3.
I was partying like it was 2008.
But I finally got a hold of this game on the used game sale.
And yeah, I think the people describing it as oblivion with guns, really good.
Great story though.
I was totally into it in the beginning.
I think they do a great job kind of setting the stage as you're doing that whole like baby to child to adult and...
and all that and I don't want to spoil anything even though the game is like years old now but you know it's kind of like how you get to where you are in the story and why you're in a nuclear wasteland and all this stuff and yeah the only unfortunate thing about it is that if you don't save often like an NPC you might have wanted to do a quest for will end up dead and now you can't do that quest so save now save often that's really the only terrible thing I can think about it otherwise I gotta say the
Another reason why I really like this game is that it's not just that it's, like, first-person shooter, but you can use some of, like, your little power by hitting the right bumper to go into, like, this, like, focus attack mode where if I suck at first-person shooters, at least if I'm, like, kind of, like, stealthy enough and save up those action points, I can still shoot someone in the head with a very accurate shot because it basically stops the game and you can focus on a part of the body and it tells you the percentage.
So it's sort of bullet time.
Yeah, a little bit because it tells you, like, the percentage of success.
Oh, cool.
So I thought that was kind of neat.
so yeah I like Fallout and it's a beautiful game and there's so much to it and if you have the game of the year edition you just have quest upon quest upon quest so yeah I've already sank quite a few hours into that game so I liked my Fallout 3
Let's see.
Something else I want to talk about.
I've had 11 days in a row off of work because at my work we take the entire time between Christmas and New Year's off.
It's like a PTO thing.
I won't get into details.
That's what we do.
So I've had 11 days to kind of play some games and so forth.
One day I decided, you know what?
I'm going to watch The Tester, season two.
I'm going to just download every single episode.
I'm going to watch the whole damn thing.
Shermie, don't listen.
Yeah, Shermie.
Has Shermie's bowels been voided?
Okay, Shermie's asleep, so hopefully she won't hear me talking about this.
I got to admit something, you guys.
It was actually a pretty good show.
It was better than the first season, what I watched of it.
I think the show now here's the show if you haven't heard of it it's like a you can only download the show it's only available on PlayStation Network and it's a show about people that are imagine it's The Apprentice but like the Donald Trump show you're fired but it's with video games and the ultimate job is to become the PlayStation tester which is why this show is getting a lot of shit because what a glamorous job game testing is right but what I like about the show
What I ended up ultimately liking about it was that it didn't really hide the fact that none of these people really had the goal of being a PlayStation tester.
A lot of them said, fully self-aware, I want this job to get my foot in the door so I can work with these people to work my way up.
And like this one girl, she even says in one episode, you know what, I don't even own a PlayStation 3.
I want to make games for children.
and you might kind of look at that and go, what?
You don't even know PlayStation 3?
What the hell are you doing on this show?
But I kind of looked at that going, that's really kind of honest of Sony to have in there because if you think everybody that's working in the video game industry right now grew up on video games, you've got a wake-up call coming.
And so I thought it was a very kind of like honest response and another guy had said, you know what?
I want to do this so I can get into PR.
and uh yeah so it seemed like everybody that was kind of on the show like actually really wanted to be there and i have to admit i can't remember the last time i saw a reality show where by the time it was down to the last episode the final three people like i would have been happy with any any single one of them winning
Um, ultimately the person that won, I thought was, uh, uh, a person that was really going to use, uh, you know, their, their potential and so forth.
But I would have been happy if Sony had really ended up hiring any of them.
Cause you know, they, they, I thought they'd kind of told a good story.
Um, so when I say like, oh my gosh, you should drop everything you're doing and watch this show.
No, I mean like really, I should have been like trying to catch up on True Blood or some other show.
I don't know why I was watching this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What does this have to do with game testing?
Does it have anything to do with game testing?
But it's TV.
Look at The Apprentice.
What does a lot of the crap they do on that show have to do with actually running a company?
Not a lot, but usually there's that one little tip in it that is kind of the focus of the episode.
And that's the same thing.
I mean, this show is a complete ripoff of The Apprentice in many ways.
So, yeah, I really didn't hate it.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
The people that didn't even want to be there or were just cast, the very first person that was off that show, I was like, if this person lasts in the show, I'm going to just swallow my own tongue or something.
It's just terrible.
But the very first person they kicked off was the right person.
It was somebody who didn't even need to be there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Look at our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com Bochikawa in our chatroom says, Oh, Tester, I thought that it was interesting this run.
That jerk must have been a plant.
I really don't think anyone would go that far to be an asshole and would get anywhere near thinking he wants a job.
I think you're right.
I think he was one of those people that was cast for drama.
I mean, maybe he did want the job, but not as bad as the people that ultimately make it to the final episode and that do end up ultimately getting the job.
So...
Yeah, there you go.
Not as terrible as I would have thought.
I know, I was surprised.
Maybe you would be too.
Who knows?
So that's it.
That's it for my gaming week.
Let's quickly do some housekeeping.
You can join us on Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
We'll be taking some tweets later on in the show, of course.
And we will be, of course, looking at our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
And if you don't already have us on Facebook, please consider adding us, facebook.com slash orangeloungeradio.
And with that, we'll get into some gaming news tonight.
And Loki, as always, will start us off.
Yes, and this is kind of interesting.
You know, the PlayStation 3 hacking news, it's kind of been going back and forth as far.
Okay, we found a crack, and oh hey, we patched a crack, and so on and so forth.
But this, I don't know if they can be able to recover from.
During the kind of hacker conference going on right now, the Chaos Communications Conference 27C3,
Um, apparently the hackers responsible for the Wii's homebrew channel, um, who I guess is the group called, uh, Fail Overflow, gave a presentation, um, which they've said they figured out the private key, uh, Sony uses to authorize code to run on retail PS3 systems.
Uh, what that means is that hackers would have almost full control of the PS3 system without the use of a USB device.
Um, basically it means they'd be able to sign their own code and you'd be able to, uh,
Do a lot of things on there, including their whole big thing is to run Linux on PS3s, whatever the firmware version is.
Of course, they're not really interested in piracy with this.
Obviously, people could adapt it to do that, but they're really kind of concerned with just the applications of it and...
Some of the things that was kind of neat about it is that they literally have almost access to all the cores and everything using this.
It's just kind of neat.
Who saw this punchline coming a mile away when the PlayStation 3 first did away with Linux?
This is actually hard-coded into each console.
There's no way to patch this.
They can't.
Wow.
Basically, what they can do is they create keys or whatever.
These USB devices have keys on them assigned to them.
What they've done to prevent those jailbreak devices from working is they add blacklists for different keys.
The master key, you can create your own keys from it.
They block one, you can just create another one.
It's just impossible to stop it.
So what happens now?
Piracy runs rampant?
Not necessarily.
Their whole big thing is they're not aiming towards piracy.
They just want to bring homebrew to the PS3.
Linux is really what they're looking to do.
Let's bring Linux back, I guess.
But don't you think this would have also been a conclusion anyway, even if Sony hadn't done away with Linux?
Do you think that maybe they were working on this anyway?
Or, I mean, I guess, you know, what do we know?
We're not in this little organization or whatever, but it's just interesting to me.
It's really interesting that, you know, Sony kind of pulls the plug on the whole Linux thing because they were worried about people exploiting it for piracy, really, at the end of the day.
And now it's like, well, we're just going to shove Linux in this thing whether you like it or not.
And if they can install Linux on a frickin' toaster, they can install Linux on a hacker-proof PSP.
This is probably worse than the whole exploit through Linux to begin with.
Because a lot of people may not have had Linux on their system, or weren't even interested in that.
But the fact that they took it away, and people don't like when things are taken away, especially when they've paid for them, whether it's an advertised feature or not, I don't care.
Now, to be fair, just devil's advocate...
You don't have to patch your PlayStation 3 to remove the Linux.
You just won't be able to play any games in the past year or two.
Functionality is removed from your system.
That's basically it.
We can either say, oh, well, you could lose Linux.
You get column A, games made in 2010, or you get column B, Linux.
You can't have both.
So, that's kind of lame.
But it's going to be interesting to see where this goes from here because that's bad.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom says, I don't know, I still think people are going to use it to pirate games.
Well, yes, of course.
There are people out there that are going to do that.
And I don't doubt that they're going to find ways to do that.
But it's just that the aim of this group wasn't to just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
while I'm sure there's some people working for Sony 365 days a year, there's probably a lot of people coming back tomorrow.
And it's going to be interesting to see what their kind of response is.
If they do try to patch it.
I know you say it's unpatchable.
They try to do something.
I mean, they've got to.
They kind of owe it to their third party.
Basically, they've got a lot of things.
Even just after this conference, they have things being released.
That group has already released the development tools for...
The stuff that they have.
So now they have different, you know, like early code and stuff to code to pack and unpack PUP and package files to make and read selfs and other developer related stuff.
So, you know, look forward to possibly, you know, custom firmware and whatnot.
And they've already released the root key.
So, I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura.com
We don't want gamers to be asking, what's the difference between a PlayStation phone or a phone and a PSP?
We have to come up with a message that users will understand.
It would have to be a product that keeps the PlayStation's strengths intact.
Again, sort of, you know, kind of not outright saying there's a PlayStation phone, but saying, you know, we're trying to kind of...
You have to do it right.
And of course, we're doing it right.
Surprise for once.
Come on.
Please.
Well, Consumer Electronics Show is this weekend, if I'm not mistaken, or this week.
Yeah, I think so.
So you might see it there, but I mean, if it's... I would say this.
If the phone and the PSP2 are separate, I would say you'll see the phone at CES.
You might see it as soon as CES, possibly Game Developers Conference.
PSP2, however, E3.
Game Developers Conference Game Developers Conference
Arcade Infinity
Uh-oh.
It's gone.
The inevitable has happened, huh?
It's closing on January 15th, so we need to go take a trip to LA, like now.
Like tomorrow, yeah.
I know, right?
Good luck, right?
Basically, Arcade Infinity was the big place that got a lot of RB money in the US.
Not just that, but a lot of just import games in general.
I played an Oom Jam Alami arcade machine at Arcade Infinity.
And the tambourine version of Samba de Amigo.
Which, by the way, is the gayest video game I've ever played in my life.
It's tambourined or whatever.
You shake around a tambourine like you're Stevie Nicks.
It's crazy.
Except without the big hobo.
I'm sorry, I meant Boho stuff.
that was the first place I ever played Typing of the Dead yeah I know and we're like oh my god it's in Japanese we could get as far as the boss that would ask you questions and you'd have to answer them and then it'd be like shit I don't know Japanese I can't do it
But I mean, man, I just have so many good memories of that place.
But now, you know, it's going to be closing.
It's going away.
Well, I gotta be honest.
The last time I was there, it didn't have quite the wonder that it had, you know, when I was there back in its heyday.
But I think that's sadly arcades in general.
I really hate to say it, but man, the online stuff is really taking its toll.
I mean, it's kind of obvious.
Well, you know, the other thing that they were doing there was selling import skylines.
Like bringing in cars from Japan.
Oh, yeah, I remember that.
And trying to make them street legal for sale in the U.S.
Yeah, yeah.
But yeah, apparently Bimani-style folks are having a gathering there for the last day.
Our buddy DJ Tyrant, who once in a while does some stories for OrangeLaundry.com, he's going to go and give us a little report.
So since I can't be there, it'll be nice to have somebody there.
Bring me back a token.
I probably have a bunch still somewhere.
I know I've got some somewhere, but that's just really sad.
Because, I mean, whenever we would go to LA, we would always make it a point that we were going to go to Arcade Infinity and then we'd go have dinner at that place that you had to walk all the way freaking across a football field-sized parking lot to go eat at.
And then we'd go back and play more games.
And then, you know, it's just sad.
Very, very sad.
what's just sad in general that here's another great arcade closing its doors and this is a trend we saw starting years ago with what Southern Hills Golf Land Folsom Game Room you know all these arcades just started closing and closing and even the arcades that are still there which would be like Roseville Golf Land and some of the other golf lands that are out there are nothing but ticket redemption machines now you know what I mean
Shermie's trying to get out so she can go poop on the tester.
Yep, I figured as much.
She's probably trying to get out.
No, she's fine.
Okay.
She's sitting underneath your butt.
As long as she doesn't poop in the corner.
She's sitting underneath you.
Okay.
But Shermie is equally sad about the closure of Arcade Infinity.
It is sad.
I mean, certainly back in the heyday, that was the only place I could play Keyboard Mania.
Yeah.
So...
and I just remember playing the crap out of that Gundam game.
Well, somebody needs to take a 40 and pour it out in the parking lot.
I wonder what they're doing with the rest of their candy cabs because they were selling them.
Unfortunately, I only have good beer so I'm not going to do that.
Just go to BevMo and get one crappy beer so you can.
Ice cold, Colt 45.
DJ Tyrant, Colt 45, dump it in the lot.
Thank you.
Please, and take pictures of it.
On behalf of OLR.
Take pictures of it.
One for me and one for my homies.
Rest in peace, Arcade Infinity.
Sorry to see you go.
I wonder what they're doing with their cabinets.
You opportunist.
Probably the same thing that Tilt at the Metron is doing.
You want to get a Beat Mania machine for 300 bucks?
I should check... Speaking of other arcades that have gone away, you get a Marvel vs. Capcom for 300 bucks.
Alan saw that and he said, Christmas, Rob, Christmas!
Christmas!
Poor, Alan, poor!
All right, anyway.
Yeah.
Well, Nintendo is warning that you shouldn't have children under the age of six playing the 3DS in 3D mode.
Apparently, it'll make them go cross-eyed.
Well, that's not the reason, but it may hurt their vision.
So, it's bad.
So, don't play it in 3D mode unless you want cross-eyed kids.
Oh, come on.
Surely it can't be that you play this for five minutes and you're going to go cross-eyed.
We're talking about prolonged exposure is what this is.
Nintendo's probably overreacting so there isn't a lawsuit.
When at the end of the day, this really comes down to parents, you really should watch how much games your six-year-old is playing.
Exactly, and that brings up a wonderful point, is that you can use the included parental controls that allow parents to lock the device in 2D mode.
So it's the 3DS, 2DS.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
but uh you know they were showing a trailer for Tangled you know the Rapunzel movie that's out in theaters by the way it was actually really good I saw it yesterday um they were showing a trailer for that at E3 on 3DS so they're gonna market 3D movies for kids on these things so you know I mean granted you could say that well Tangled would also work for a 10 to 15 to an adult really you're old come on
To an adult year old?
You know what I mean.
You know what parent isn't going to want to sit their six year old in the back of the car and have them watch Tangled to shut them up on a road trip?
In 3D!
And you know what's great?
It'll be like buying an expensive 3D HD television and going, you know what?
I'm watching all 2D.
I don't need this 3D.
I'll pay your high premium price for your TV with fancy technology.
In fact, you know what?
I'm not even hooking up HDMI to it.
I'm going straight composite, bitch.
So, Nintendo is paranoid.
that some kid somewhere is going to go cross-eyed because they spent 12 hours a day looking at the 3DS and so they're putting this disclaimer on it to kind of save their own butt because some parents can't be bothered to watch how much their kids are playing games.
That's what the story should really say, right?
At least that's what I think.
Enablers.
I love this chat room chatter here.
Big wang eater.
So that'd be cool if 3DS had a deer hunter in 3D.
Well, you know what?
Cabela's comes out each year.
They've been doing a lot of games on the DS.
I would not be surprised if you see a 3DS Cabela's game.
And somewhere, somehow, some idiot parent will let their kid play that.
Their six-year-old kid play that in 3D.
Big wang eater.
Thank you, big wang eater.
All right.
3D porn.
Well, the big wing eater goes on to say 3D porn.
Well, you know, you will be able to take your own 3D pictures with this.
You can show the big wing being eaten.
Can you share the pictures you take on the internet or whatever?
I think you can.
Awesome.
Hot.
Time to penis.
Five seconds.
He said coming at you.
You know what?
See, some of us actually have people that we can do this in real life with and don't need to watch it in 3D.
We have what's called real life.
They've also already been marketing, like when I did see that whole Tangled movie, which by the way, I saw lots of six-year-olds in that theater wearing 3D glasses and watching the movie, but anyway.
They were showing a commercial for a 3D camera.
And you could watch the pictures on your 3D TV that you take with the new camera.
And this isn't DS related.
It's like a new Sony camera or whatever that does 3D pictures.
Because everybody has a boner for 3D right now.
I like what Azim said.
4D porn sex across time.
What?
I approve of that.
Alright.
That's what you need a TARDIS for.
Well, moving on to other things Nintendo that aren't necessarily 3D, but I bet a lot of people wish this was.
The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword.
Hey, remember?
There's a new Zelda game coming, you guys.
Remember?
Does he have the upward thrust?
They were talking about it at E3 and it was delayed from Christmas.
Rob ignored it.
What?
As if he has the upward thrust.
Only in 2D, I'm sorry.
But here's the deal, guys.
Not only has it been delayed past Christmas, but now Nintendo is kind of saying, yeah, that whole early 2011 thing.
Liars!
I don't know if that's going to happen.
Because, of course, there is very dense gameplay.
And you're going to want to replay this game once you've finished it.
That's not a...
That's not a description for gameplay.
They have quietly moved this game to a 2011 release.
Could be any time next year.
We need to save it for our VHD.
It's going to be a game that's slightly uprest.
That sound you heard in the background, that was crickets chirping.
We have a soundboard for that.
That was me blinking.
TigerClaw in our chatroom talking about 3D, by the way, says 3D TVs are way behind in the 3D technology.
Theaters now are using polarized lenses, which doesn't need to use the shutter glasses technology.
In other words, you don't have to recharge the glasses to watch 3D.
Exactly, and that's what I'm saying they need to fucking do with those damn TVs, because those glasses are like $5 or free if you steal them from the movie theaters.
You're not stealing them.
You're paying the premium for them anyway.
They're just asking you to recycle them.
They can go fuck themselves.
I'm paying for those damn glasses.
Actually.
But they're still going to charge you the full theater price when you bring in, whether or not you bring in your own pair of 3D glasses, it seems like.
Actually, I thought it was a great suggestion.
One of my friends has suggested, after seeing Tron, you know, we should keep these glasses and we should, like, bling them out and, like, you know, bedazzle them and you'll put, like, pipe cleaner designs on them and all this.
So that way, you know, next time they try to hand you 3D glasses, oh, no, thanks.
I brought my own.
They have designer polarized glasses you can pay hundreds of dollars for.
Awesome.
Why?
You know what?
I actually hold onto those to wear over my glasses for when I go outside in the sun.
Nice.
Now, do those things work?
The 3D glasses for the theater, they don't work with the TVs, do they?
No.
That was what we were saying.
That's what I'm saying.
The only 3D technology they think that's worthwhile is the Disney one, just because it uses the polarized glasses, and...
or Nintendo's new technology which uses nothing at all exactly and they're actually they're looking to do TVs that way too which I think would you know really hurt your eyes but I think that the polarized glasses are it's a good alternative because in that way instead of saying yeah you gotta buy this 3D TV oh by the way if you want more than two people to watch that you're gonna need to buy another set of $100 glasses no thank you
Alright, well, so Zelda Skyward Sword, 2D, 3D, whatever D it's in, it's probably not coming out until December.
What?
Upward thrust.
Moving on.
Well, you know, Final Fantasy XIII came out for the Xbox 360 in Japan, and guess what?
That's how well it did.
It showed up at 39th in the software charts for Japan, which is really low.
So, yeah, they only sold... Well, I'll put it this way.
The game that made number 20 sold 22,579 units.
Yeah.
That's kind of... So it probably sold about 10,000 or whatever.
Something like that.
Wasn't that how many A360 owners there are in Japan?
Well, it's under 1.5 million users in Japan.
And keep in mind, the PS3 is close to 6 million.
So, basically, there were a lot of... Also because of how early Final Fantasy XIII came out in Japan.
And they thought it was only going to be for PlayStation 3.
So a lot of people bought a PlayStation 3 just to play Final Fantasy.
I was going to say, when I first kind of heard about this story earlier in the week, I had gotten into Double Take and said, I thought they specifically said they are not doing 360 Final Fantasy XIII in Japan.
So where the hell did this come from?
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and yeah I'm trying to watch this comparison to to see you know what the deal is and the Xbox 360 one actually kind of looks like poop in comparison oh no it doesn't they look the same I I think people look way too I think in order to see that level of detail you have to be a sitting as close to your TV as you're sitting next to your monitor right now you
Well, yeah, but I'm saying, you know, but also for people who have, you know, a really good HDTV, it's going to make a difference.
Like right now, the biggest thing is, now keep in mind, I also have an eye for it.
I'm seeing difference in color quality.
I'm seeing difference in line quality and draw, you know.
Yeah, but how much of that can be blamed on the fact you're watching a streaming internet video?
And that's why Final Fantasy XIII sucked.
No, Final Fantasy XIII's great.
It is.
I think it's a great game, and it's... I don't understand all this hatred.
Well, I do understand why people are hating on it, but trust me, I've played way worse games this past year.
Final Fantasy XIII doesn't even come close.
Well, no, I'm not saying it's at all bad.
That would be Final Fantasy XIV.
No, no, I... Yeah, yeah, seriously.
No, I know you're not.
I know you're not.
No, but keep in mind, Dan and I did the same thing with the Saturn and the PlayStation versions of Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
Mm-hmm.
We had the Saturn one and we listened to the two.
We watched both of them.
The Saturn version had better 2D.
Shitty 3D.
The Saturn version had better sound quality.
The PlayStation version had better load times.
I'm the kind that does this type of comparison.
Going back to the story at hand, because I kind of feel like the 360 PS3 debate on Final Fantasy XIII is like nine months old now since the game came out.
Going back to the story at hand...
I get the sense people in Japan didn't buy this game because A. they didn't know for the longest time that it was coming out and most people bought it on Playstation 3 thinking it was never coming out on the 360 and B. you don't have close to that same adoption ratio you have here in the US in Japan you're talking 6 Playstation 3's for every 1 Xbox 360 that's not even close to the ratio here which is not the reverse but it's a lot closer to 1 to 1 than that
And also, though, I have to look at it this way, too, is that we're dealing with Sony, a Japan-based company, and we're dealing with Microsoft, a US-based company.
I think they're going to know their markets a little bit better in their native area.
That's really my point.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and maybe they didn't want the same type of features that we do here so you start off with a less interested base and then you bring out a game however long after there's been another version out that's available to people who have the system so it's...
It's basically, I don't know why they expected it to do well.
I was going to say, I was hoping Final Fantasy XIII doesn't suck.
I just bought it, but I haven't started it yet.
It doesn't suck, by the way.
It doesn't suck.
It's great.
For the Xbox 360?
It doesn't suck.
It's just better on PS3.
I'll take your word for it.
And I don't even think it's negligible.
I don't think you would notice a difference.
Yeah.
I was going to say, what's the difference, honestly?
You have to disk swap on the 360 version.
You know what?
We had to do that on the PlayStation 2.
What kind of TV?
Do you have an HDTV that you play on?
Yes.
I have a Samsung.
You might notice a little bit.
Is it 1080?
Full 1080?
Or is it only 720?
It's 1080.
You might notice the hair is a little different.
It's an LED.
Basically, the big things you're going to notice is difference in color.
You won't notice any difference if you never see the PS3 version.
I'll put it that way.
But the big difference is that you're dealing with more jaggedies on more aliasing on the Xbox 360 version because the graphics processor is different.
The game was made for the PS3.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
January, I mean, come on, it's not a big old release month.
Some cool stuff, though, coming out maybe a couple weeks, but not so much this week.
Lost in Shadow, though, on the Wii is making its way out, so that puzzle game from Hudson Soft kind of has a little bit of a Shadow of the Colossus vibe to it.
That'll be on the Wii.
And Sherlock Holmes Mystery of the Osborne House, that's on Nintendo DS.
Cool, you get to go to the Osborne's house?
Yes.
Yeah.
Sharon!
Not that Osborn house, I'm afraid.
Oh, boring.
Emergency 2012.
I'm assuming that you play some sort of emergency crew when the world is ending.
And yes, that looks about right, actually, so that's kind of cool.
It says, warning, the world as we know it is out of control.
As the head of all rescue operations, you must ensure to get the job done with fire and rescue services.
I don't think fire and rescue services are going to stop a tidal wave from wiping out a city.
I don't think that really works.
But they'll try.
They will try.
Hold back that wave with your axe there.
And then apparently Ghost Trick Phantom Detective is supposed to be out as well on Nintendo DS.
And that is it.
Traveling over to Japan this week.
Not this week, but next week is when you start to see some stuff on the 360 like Arcana Heart 3, but I guess I'll reiterate that next week.
So really nothing this week on the 360.
Going over to the PlayStation 3, kind of the same story.
There's not really a lot out there either.
I'm getting the sense it's going to be a very slow week.
Nintendo Wii, you don't even see anything until the end of the month.
That's the crazy stuff.
Saga 3, Jiku no Hasa, Shadow or Light Saga 3, Jiku no Hasa, Shadow or Light
A slot machine game you said?
Yes.
Yes.
You know, that would actually do really well over here to get into with the elderly market.
Can I talk about Europe now?
I guess you can.
Well, on the first, there was UFC Trainer.
Like, no one really gives a crap about that.
And on the fourth, Lost in Shadow.
And guess what?
That's it.
Very slow week.
But, you know, the holiday shopping fever is gone, so it kind of makes sense.
Jeez, people.
Besides, in two weeks, we got two great games on the PS3.
Isn't that ironic?
Alright, well, we've got a couple more stories for you guys in the Classic Game of the Week.
We'll close out Part A in just a moment.
Yes, one of the bitches that we had last year with Ubisoft was their really odd use of DRM.
They had a... Basically, you had to be connected to their servers the entire time while you're playing different games, and if for whatever reason you had some sort of connection problem, whether it be just a quick disconnect, your game would actually stop.
and you would have no opportunity to save or whatever.
It would just totally fuck you up.
And that was on even single player games like Assassin's Creed 2 or Splinter Cell Conviction.
Well, apparently though, there has been an update, I guess, that those DRM checks are a little bit easier now.
In fact, on games like Assassin's Creed 2 and Splinter Cell Conviction, for example...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
People don't want to deal with it, they won't.
That's the reality.
They got around it anyways, and all it really hurt was the people that bought the game originally.
But at least it's not as terrible.
Alright.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
ViaCom and MTV Networks have been an amazing home for the past four years.
Blah, blah, blah, fluff, fluff, fluff, right?
It's where we launched Rock Band and Dance Central, Beatles, Green Day, blah, blah, blah.
We're excited to be returning to our roots as an independent and privately owned studio.
And what this means, the DLC schedule marches on for Rock Band.
We will continue our support of previously released titles, and we're hard at work at some unannounced projects that we think you're going to be pumped about.
and the other half of this it wasn't in the press release but it was confirmed they are keeping the licenses for Dance Central and Rock Band they will get to if they decide to make Rock Band 4 or Dance Central 2 I think at least one of those is a sure thing I would honestly say I don't think Rock Band 4 is a sure thing at this point I think Harmonix might do something new with the whole plastic instrument thing but they may not call it Rock Band
and I think that's okay I think sometimes your series needs a swift kick in the pants so I would be quite okay with that I'd be okay with Dance Central 2 I would be totally okay with Dance Central 2 and I think that's a sure thing of course there's going to be a Dance Central 2 absolutely it was clearly the biggest game on Kinect I'm so happy we took down the tree today the Christmas tree so that we were able to move the coffee table out from the middle of the room again so now I have Kinect space again hooray congratulations there you go
So there it is, Harmonix going independent.
That's kind of an obvious resolution that none of us had guessed previously.
You kind of think, oh, when people are talking about selling a company, it's like you never really think that, hey, they could just buy themselves because they probably have a lot of money, right?
Well, good luck to Harmonix.
I'm hoping it'll pay off for them.
We'll see.
Anyway, let's take a minute not to talk about the future or this year, the coming year, but to reflect on the past and gaming's history and how we all got here to 2011 in gaming.
It's a segment we call the Classic Game of the Week.
DarkSakura.com
Hard Drivin'.
As in the nap machine.
I will go into why it's the nap machine later.
So forget all this need for speed stuff.
Listen to those really great sound effects.
Bong, bong.
Listen for a minute.
That's about as much music as the game has as a drum roll.
Serious.
We'll listen to some squeaking brakes as we listen to DarkSakura tell us about this game.
Hard Drivin' was basically, it was toted, according to this poster, as the world's first authentic driving simulation game.
It was the first 3D polygon driving environment.
It used a simulated cabinet.
Virtual reality, oh my god, Lawnmower Man, it's real.
And it was all on custom hardware.
Force Feedback, Car Physics Simulator, and most of the design was done by some dude named Max Behensky, so that's pretty cool.
Now, also keep in mind that other games that came out around this time, like Pole Position and Outrun, were sprite-based scaling.
Ah, you found the best part.
The instant replay, trying to call up that loop.
Basically, instead of having the sort of artificial graphics where the car wouldn't land the right, you know, right side up, or, you know, it actually used very realistic physics in the game.
When you went too far off track, you would crash, your skin, your skin, your windshield would crack.
You could keep driving, and then it also gave you the replay where you would die.
and a hideous car fire.
But you gotta admit, some of it's a little janky.
Like the car explodes and then suddenly in the next frame it's back together.
It's very jank.
We are very spoiled by today's graphics.
Keep in mind, this was 1988 and this was a Polygon game.
In 1988.
Wow, car explosions do not work that way.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It has, um, also you can play it in automatic.
You also have a realistic manual transmission with a clutch and everything.
You can stall the car when you miss shift.
And, you know, like I said, force feedback and everything.
So it's meant to be a driving simulator.
And, you know, this game was pretty crazy for its time.
Thanks for watching!
so as far as sequels that came out there was Race Driving in 1990, Hard Drivin' 2 Drive Harder that came out on the yeah, on the Atari ST and Commodore Amiga an unreleased one called Hard Drivin' Airborne in 1993 and then Street Drivin' that came out in 2001 on the GameCube, Playstation 2 and Xbox different versions came out Hard Drivin' 3, now it's hard
HardDrivin4 in my pants.
Now, this that I'm going to quote on here is that the engine, transmission, control, suspension, and tire physics were modeled in conjunction with Doug Milliken, who was listed as a test driver in the game credits.
So, that's actually pretty cool.
It says that his father, William Milliken of Milliken Research, led a team at Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory in Buffalo, New York that converted aircraft equations of motion into equations of motion for the automobile.
So it was a, you know, they actually used real science in it, which I thought was pretty cool.
It was meant to be a real simulator.
As far as Easter eggs in the game, one of the buildings along the speed course has a sign above the door that says The Hut.
If you made a hard left turn at the start of the game, you have a secret track, which is a long straight road that leads to a very short circular track around a tower.
If you slow down and stop in front of one of the buildings, a keyhole appears in the building door.
What? !
Running into a cow will cause a moo sound to be played, at least in the Sega Genesis port there's exactly one cow.
And carefully.
After getting a sufficiently high score, then you get a full course race against the Phantom Photon on the stunt track.
That's pretty cool.
But now I have to tell you about... Now I'm going to put a picture of the cabinet in the chat room for a reason.
For a specific reason.
This thing had a chair that would swivel out.
And inside it was very dark.
So one day when I was working at Cyber Station at Bel Air Mall in Mobile, Alabama, there was nobody in the damn mall.
It was Tuesday morning.
I had been up all night, so guess what I did?
I sat my happy butt inside the chair at hard driving, wheeled myself in, and I took a three-hour nap.
Well, you know, not like a full-on nap.
I could still hear people.
No one came in.
I got all my other stuff done.
And I sat in the hard driving machine and took a three hour nap.
It was dark.
The chair was comfortable.
How colossally irresponsible of you, but funny.
Oh, please.
I was 19.
So, but at any rate, that's my story about the hard driving cabinet.
It's the great nap machine.
The game actually, I'll be honest, I don't like playing Hard Drivin'.
It's hard.
And time has not treated it well.
No, it hasn't.
But it's notable for what it is.
I gotta click on this link because there's a YouTube suggestion here.
The worst Genesis game ever made, Hard Drivin'.
I just want to remind myself how fucking terrible this is.
Okay, I don't want to hear some asshole talking about it.
I just want to see it here.
Oh yeah, with the crazy-ass drawing on the thing.
Oh my god, the frame rate on here is so awful.
It's hideous, it's hideous.
But I mean... God, can you imagine that somebody somewhere actually dropped like $50 on this game?
I know.
It's one freaking track, right?
You missed the cow, Rob!
You missed the cow!
Well, I'm going to burn in hell for all eternity for missing the damn cow.
I like Test Drive 3, and it came out around the same time, looked very similar to this.
They came out after this.
Yeah.
You also have the race other cars, and I used to try to take a shortcut by driving off-road.
Not something a performance high-speed vehicle is meant to do, but I did encounter lots of deer.
Deer.
Deer.
Rob's looking at the Commodore 64 right now.
Yes, Commodore 64 hard driving.
I have to see this.
Wow.
It's like two colors.
And this frame rate is awful.
Oh, wow.
You could go old playing this game.
Okay, I know this is terrible radio.
Just link it in the chat room.
Imagine you're playing.
I'll link it in the chat.
But for those listening on the podcast.
At least the screen breaks.
Imagine you're playing hard driving on the Game Boy.
I worked in a video store when this game came out.
It did pretty well in sales.
because it's virtual reality, man.
It's crazy.
Wave of the future.
Or something.
At any rate.
At any rate.
Like I said, I'm not a fan of the game itself.
However, I will give it... You're a big fan of naps.
I love naps.
But I will give it props for what it is and what it did at the time.
If not for hard driving, we may not have Ridge Racer.
That's true.
This is the beginning of our 3D racing games right here.
Even though this game really hasn't been treated well with time and it's kind of shit now, without it, we wouldn't have some of the stuff we have today.
Because people like to do loopy loops and jumpy jumps.
I just figured I took so many damn naps in the machine, I may as well play it a couple of times.
And I'll tell you something else that's funny.
I want to talk to other people who have worked in an arcade.
We got an allotment of 25 tokens a week.
Tell me, once you started working at the arcade, did you just stop using your damn tokens?
Did you not play anything for a while?
Because you were tired of being there.
When I quit, Rob, seriously, I had 600 and something tokens.
I played a lot of skeeball.
And a lot of Street Fighter Alpha 2.
Fifth dream in our chatroom says, VR without glasses.
Without glasses sound like anything recent?
I see what you did there.
All right, that may be a very topical and appropriate game of the week, all things considered.
It might be a lot crazier than you think.
Anyway, there it is, a classic game of the week.
Hard driving on various systems, but we're going to give it to the arcade because the arcade one can happen.
That's what I brought up.
That's right.
And definitely not the Commodore 64 version.
Definitely not that one.
Alright, that's going to do it for Part A of Orange Lounge Radio.
But don't go anywhere.
We're not done.
We've got plenty more show to go.
We're going to talk about Chrono Trigger, Super Meat Boy, Valve, Indie Games, the 3DS.
Yes, more, but we have some actual big news about it.
So we're going to talk about all that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
So don't go anywhere.
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura.com
so check that out at our link in iTunes we don't really have a website yet working on it so search us in iTunes Horde House H-O-R-D-E space H-O-U-S-E or we are linked right there at OrangeLawnRadio.com we have a blog spot technically but that's just what we use to like link our feeds so we don't like don't take that too seriously
Anyhow, that's that.
Let's get into some quick news, some rapid news.
Believe it or not, there was still some stuff that happened in the gaming world this week.
Really?
Yeah, believe it or not.
A few things.
Christmas doesn't stop everything.
Yeah, not everything.
So it was announced this week that Pokemon Black and White will be headed over to North America on March 6th.
You'll be able to play with your Pokemans on that date.
And of course, the two versions will
We'll have slightly different themes to them I guess this time.
The black version will offer Pokemon looks like a Reshirium and a setting called Black City while white will contain a lush green area called White Forest and will let you capture a Pokemon named Zekrom.
Boy, they're having to get creative with the alphabet soup on these Pokemon names, aren't they?
Pokemans!
So those are actually going to be coming March 6th on the Nintendo DS.
Also, not really coinciding with that, but next month...
There's going to be some Pokemon downloads available at GameStop and Toys R Us.
This is actually happening between January 30th and February 5th at Toys R Us.
You're going to be able to pick up, I guess, Ash's Pikachu version of that character with a special set of abilities at Toys R Us.
I guess he starts off at a level 50.
Cool, I guess.
Some other stuff you can check out, of course, at GameStop during different weeks.
They're going to have different Pokemon you can download.
January 3rd through the 9th, they have Raikou.
17-23 Entei 31-6 Suicin That means nothing to me, by the way, because I don't play Pokemon, nor do I understand what any of these really flamboyant, slightly mythological creatures that almost looks like a dog
But if you want to be the very best, like no one ever was, you gotta catch them all.
It's like STDs.
To train them is your cause.
Gotta catch them all.
Something that I'm not sure a lot of people may be wanting to catch, but... Do you think antibiotics could clear up a bad case of the Pokemans?
I'm on a strong dose of antibiotics right now and I have no urge to play Pokemon.
So, maybe.
Dynasty Warriors 7 is coming to North America March 22nd and it will be, I guess, the first version that will include 3D and move support, of course, on the PlayStation 3.
and I guess the game will also be on Xbox 360 as well.
Some new stuff that's going to be in the game.
Apparently they have a free roam mode dubbed Chronicle Mode.
There's going to be 60 playable characters and I believe online co-op is the other brand new thing.
so yay and then last but not least as a lot of games seem to kind of go this route Devil Summoner Soul Hackers is a game that I guess came out in the Saturn back in Japan in 1997 it has not been released over here in North America or has gotten an English release anywhere in the world I remember that game
So now, a group of hackers calling themselves Devil Hackers They're actually working on a fan-made translation of the title for the PSP
And of course, they have a teaser trailer for it, but it's like 13 minutes long.
So that's a big tease.
That's a long trailer, geez.
That is a long trailer.
I remember that game.
I mean, do we really need to watch a trailer of like, hey, look, the game's in English now.
I mean, I don't know.
You know what?
I hadn't heard about this game until tonight, so maybe some people just need to know about its epic epicness.
Hey, speaking of epic, Rock Band is a very epic music game and there's an epic musician coming to the game this week and it doesn't get any better than Johnny Cash, ladies and gentlemen, coming this week to Rock Band and it's a big pack of eight songs that you can get for about, what is that, 1080 Microsoft points?
It's about 14 bucks and all said and done.
Cry, cry, cry.
Don't take your guns to town.
Five feet high and rising.
Want it.
Folsom Prison Blues.
Want it.
I Got Stripes.
I Walk the Line.
Tennessee Flattop Box and the Ballad of Ira Hayes.
Awesome.
It needs a boy named Sue.
That has the best line in it.
Also, if that wasn't good enough, DarkSakura, get this.
Free songs coming out this week.
Free shit.
It is nine songs for free.
It's the Rock Band Pack.
It's just Merry freaking January.
There it is.
Nine songs for free.
They are all, of course, indie bands that kind of have ties to harmonics like Bang Camaro and things like that.
But hey, you know what?
Free is free.
You might find some music you like.
So there you go.
By the way, also, some pro guitar and bass stuff on some of those Johnny Cash songs.
Oh, Rob.
But only like I Walk the Line and Tennessee.
Our friend has brought over the guitar, the pro guitar.
Oh yeah?
What'd you think?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
If you like Rock Band 3 and you like Fallout 3, then this song is for you.
It's on the Rock Band Network.
You're going to have to dig for this one a little bit.
It's Kirby Crackle doing the Fallout tribute song, Vault 101.
And that's a little play on where you start in the game Fallout 3.
That's available on the Rock Band Network store, so if you like that song.
There's a clip of it available on YouTube if you want to check it out.
Rock Band isn't the only game getting some download stuff coming.
Dance Central is still kicking.
It is still going.
In fact, actually, it came out a couple weeks ago, but we were off for the holidays.
Let's see.
Rihanna came out with Disturbia.
Girls and Boys by Blur.
That's kind of cool.
And Janet Jackson with Control.
Awesome.
Would you dance to Girls and Boys and Dance Central, Dark Sakura?
I know you like your Blur.
Super Meat Boy
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Well, A, I think it was that Nintendo was really the first to announce it.
It's not that they were designing specifically for the Wii to begin with.
They were just making a game and Nintendo kind of wanted it.
And B, you know what?
The game grew bigger.
And it's a great game.
And if you own a Wii, you probably have a PC somewhere in your house.
Even if you don't have a 360, at least you can get this game somewhere.
The game will not be coming out on the PlayStation 3 due to an arrangement with Microsoft.
Hmm.
You can kind of read between the lines there.
DarkSakura.
Then we have new characters for Tekken Tag Tournament 2 There's a Luchadora And they don't know her name But she's pink!
She's wearing a wrestling mask She makes me think of Rainbow Mika And it's a she Yeah So maybe they're taking a page from Capcom's book
and then in other news there's actually a few more things that are sort of cementing in that the previously rumored Taskmaster Akuma and Sienko are going to be in Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and that's in the way of Xbox 360 achievements
There is one called For Those Who Dwell in Darkness, and so that's going to be a team composed of all Darkstalkers characters, so that means three characters.
So there's going to be another Darkstalker.
So far we just have Felicia and Morrigan, so all the rumors are going to Sienko.
And then there's one called Fate of the Satsui no Hado, which is going to be...
Basically, the only other person that Ryu could fight would be Akuma.
Because that's the only person in game canon that would have that going on.
Unless you count Marvel superheroes.
What about the guy that's from Super Street Fighter 4?
The one that was... What was it?
Not Shenlong or whatever.
Oh, Gokent.
No, not Goken.
Like, it was another character.
It wasn't Akuma or whatever.
It was supposed to be their... Yeah, Goken.
Yeah.
Their sensei, that's Goken.
Yeah, and he doesn't follow that.
Oh.
because he's hardcore badass and has cool music.
And then the other one, of course, the rumor is Taskmaster, who I'm like, dude, he's not even relevant.
Why put him in it?
But I guess, but there's supposed to be more going on with that one.
They also said there's another list of achievements.
Among those are who will answer the call.
And this achievement is participate in eight player lobby on Xbox Live.
So there's going to be lobbies.
So we also get the Sentinel and Hagar are also rumored to be in it.
I'm just happy that X-23 is in it.
That's it.
Sounds like a definite purchase for you then, DarkSakura.
Hell yeah!
The minute it was announced.
It doesn't even matter what characters are in it.
I am sick of Deadpool in the comics, but I love everything else that has Deadpool in it.
Does that make sense?
No.
That's okay.
All right, let's get to the Twitters.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Every week we ask you to show us your tweets, and we will respond to them here on the program.
We're going to start tonight with a tweet from Nathan Jackson on Twitter.
Question for OLR.
Is the Kinect going to fundamentally change gaming to the point of abandoning controllers completely?
I'm going to give that a big fat no.
Because some people like to touch things.
They like that.
And funny enough, I think that's all kind of part of Sony's marketing campaign is that sometimes people want tangible things.
But...
Here's case in point.
There's only so much of the iPhone gaming I can take because I don't have those tangible buttons and the responsiveness isn't always there for me.
I think they seriously need to... Aren't they supposed to be unveiling new stuff soon or something?
I think Macworld's coming up this month.
Because, I mean, they seriously need some sort of controller thing or something because it would really help.
But, you know, will it change gaming?
Sure.
I mean, this type of technology has been slowly coming at us ever since the Wii.
I mean, what you're seeing with the Kinect is really just an evolution of something we've kind of seen before.
And it will evolve again.
So is the Kinect here to stay in gaming culture?
Sure.
But is it going to eliminate what you know of games today?
Nah.
Not until we have the holodeck.
Once the holodeck's here...
Then it's all over.
Because remember, and I've said this on the show a lot, everything we do with every generation is bringing us one step closer to the holodeck for reals.
Once gaming reaches the holodeck, we're on the last generation of gaming.
Even then, there might be a holodeck 2.0, huh?
I don't know.
All right, let's see.
Moving on with some other tweets.
I'm going to...
DJ Ranma S sends us a tweet.
Interesting.
EA is being sued by gamers because of the football license exclusivity that they have.
That's the story that he's linking us to.
I thought I heard about this before.
maybe something has progressed with this I could have sworn I heard something about this before but it was like years ago but anyway whatever let's see they're saying we believe EA forced consumers to pay an artificial premium on Madden NFL video games we intend to prove that EA could inflate prices on their sports titles because these exclusive licenses restrain trade and competition for interactive sports software because you know when NFL 2K5 came out it was only 20 bucks
and EA had to sell Madden 2005 at $30 and then once the exclusive deal hit, well shit, those games have just cost like $60 since then they want anybody who's purchased an EA football game since August 2005 to get damages in this settlement, which if it ends up being this whole class action thing means every person will probably get $0.50 hope you retained all your proof of purchases for these 5 year old games good luck
By the way, yeah, I knew this was old.
It was originally filed in mid-2008.
But what's new about it, a judge has recently allowed this lawsuit to proceed.
I thought I'd heard about this before.
It was just that long ago.
But it's moving forward.
It wasn't laughed out of court, so that could be interesting.
Story for us from TigerClaw305 about the Galaga world record attempt.
Let's see, Andrew Laidlaw of Washington State has claimed the Galaga record and he did it on New Year's Day.
4,525,150 points as certified by Twin Galaxies because you know, they carry the spirit stick and what they say goes.
So they are the authority on video game high scores.
That was a record taken from Phil Day, who set a 3.2 million record in November of 2009.
He said, quote, the first time was magical in a way, this time it's a huge relief.
Well, congratulations.
A lot can be said about sex that way.
I was gonna say, you know, ability to perform under stress.
I don't know.
Oh, you crazy kids.
That's gonna do it for the tweeters tonight.
Tyra Claw linked us another story, but it's coming up a little later in the show.
And also Spazinator is not enjoying the changes to the feed because he's not able to tune in.
Remember guys, allgames.com is really the best place for you to tune in.
It is HTML5 compliant.
I think the only people that are getting screwed are the PSP people.
Because I'm not sure the PSP browser supports the HTML5.
So hopefully there will be a solution for you guys soon.
But yeah, there's a lot of change-a-roonies going around at All Games Radio.
from what I understand not bad stuff just you know kind of new year new stuff out with the old in with the new so some of the shows that are no longer around they're going to be replaced with some new live shows so you know nice to have some new stuff going on so with that comes streaming changes etc etc so hopefully they get all that worked out in the next couple weeks and then we can update all our fun little PSP stuffs and get everybody back on board
Alright, let's move on with some other gaming news.
The mailbag is coming up in a little bit.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com, FUs of the Week, and of course the Skype line.
But first, some more news.
Oh yeah.
Good stuff.
So this is kind of neat.
Valve is pretty kind of on the cutting edge with different things.
They definitely put out a lot of popular games.
And, of course, one of the things that they actually have interest in doing is providing better experiences for those who may be disabled.
For example, one of the things that they're looking to do is with eye tracking.
This would provide...
Ways for people that, for example, don't have full body movement to be able to play without having to use their hands or their entire body as an input device.
And it says, it may be possible in the future to let the eyes act as the proxy for the mouse cursor, letting gamers transmit navigation data.
and targeting inputs via eye movements.
If you couple this with the use of blinks and other proxies for button presses, you may remove the need for a mouse and keyboard or gamepad altogether.
So that's pretty cool.
So, break this down for me.
How exactly is that going to work?
They're going to have some sort of way to track where your eyes are looking.
And basically, they're going to have some sort of system in place where, for example, like say, if I blink my eyes a certain way or something, like a double blink or something like that, that it will...
Steven Hawking Games
But wasn't it... I want to say it's Atari, but I'm not 100% certain.
It had this thing called a psychic controller.
Really, all it did was control... The mind... Thingy.
I can't remember the name of it.
Somebody in chat will yell it out.
But it really just used the movement of the forehead and blinking of the eyes to do the control.
It's the same concept, but now that the technology has caught up that it could actually be...
or track your retinas like, you know, an ultra fine connect.
Oh, certainly.
I mean, I think that the technology has come up well enough to make it something viable now.
You know, I'd hate to have that with somebody with epilepsy.
You know, that wouldn't work.
But it's a neat concept.
And especially though, with, well, I was thinking, you know, there's other uses for head tracking out there, but that's really, I think, innovative.
A good, a good thought.
I'm all about making games more accessible.
I don't know if this stuff could ever replace, but if it helps enable and bring more people to the table, then hooray.
Then maybe people won't sue.
Well, you know.
People will sue about what they can sue.
All right.
Anyhow, oh, Ranma says in our chatroom at chat.orangelandre.com, I'm reminded of those special custom controllers Nintendo put out for disabled people to play their games.
Hmm.
Chrono Trigger
Yeah, that's right.
The old school Super Nintendo game is apparently coming back all over again.
Sit down.
It's not a sequel, but it's the inevitable mobile version of the game.
There's a teaser site up now on Squeenix's Japanese website.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It probably will inevitably come out for the iPhone.
That was wordy, wasn't it?
Probably will inevitably, whatever.
It's probably going to come out for the iPhone at some point.
I just don't want to guarantee it because I don't know anything.
But, hey, Secret of Mana just came out on the iPhone.
Did you know that?
And the iPad?
I didn't like the way it controls, but that's just me.
Well, of course, because the controls on the iPhone suck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Amiga777 in our chatroom says hope they don't abandon like they did for Agito oh that's right the Final Fantasy 13 remember that well keep in mind Amiga we haven't heard anything about Versus either so it could still be happening just later this year I have a feeling Final Fantasy 13 Versus is going to be the big thing we hear about at E3 this year from Squeenix at least in the JRPG camp because certainly they have the Tomb Raider reboot now isn't that weird that the Tomb Raider reboot is a Squeenix game now can we talk about this but
All the different camps there.
SalaciousPop in our chatroom says, they'll charge $9 for the ROM just like Secret of Mana for iOS.
$9 for an iOS ROM hack.
Well, hold on.
You could kind of read into that a couple ways.
Because I don't think it's really a ROM hack, but...
because they do have to adapt it for a different screen resolution, and they are putting those controls in it.
$9 is still a lot, though.
I mean, I hear you there.
But those games will inevitably come down in price.
It'll be $9 this month, $7 next month.
99 cents when there's a big sale and that's when I will finally get it at some point and I urge you to do the same thing Savalas in our chatroom says Angry Birds is amazing on iPhone, iPad, iTouch you know I still haven't played that game I've heard very mixed things on Angry Birds Angry Birds is frustrating and fun I've had it downloaded forever and I still have not played it and then like they taunt you with their little snort noises stupid green pigs
I played some iPhone games.
I played that Smurf Village game, finally.
And I played that dungeon crawler game that Loki gifted me a couple weeks ago.
And it was really pretty, but it was kind of hard to control.
Well, I mean, it's still really pretty.
It's probably better on the iPad.
I don't know.
For some reason, you're so cramped on the phone.
I would think on the iPad, you might have a little bit better...
Oh, I forgot to mention, they have Raptor Call of the Shadows on iOS now.
Oh, really?
Remember that old shareware game?
Oh, wow.
Wow.
How much do they want for that?
I wouldn't know.
All right.
Let's move on, DarkSakura.
Meat!
Meaty meat meat.
You're making me hungry.
Actually, Super Meat Boy is going to have some goodies coming out.
More beefy goodness.
Mmm, meat.
With the next update, and it's supposed to be a free PC update, there is going to be a level editor, an online level portal called Super Meat World, and something called Enter the Unknown.
But with the editor, you can basically go...
DarkSakura.com
Super Meat World is a big hub and it's what's gonna bring you new chapters to the game and it unlocks with 30 bandages and pops up on the map before the first chapter actually begins and
and then enter the unknown which is exclusive for the PC picks a random user made level and filters it based by whatever difficulty that you picked so basically it just is giving you a random player created level based on the difficulty that you've selected so pretty cool that's pretty cool that's interesting that whole like random esque ability
It's Mystery Meat.
That's what they should have called it was Mystery Meat.
Mystery Meat.
I like that.
We should trademark that today.
That sounds so wrong.
Super Meat Boy.
Worst title ever and worst.
Yeah, I've said this a million times on the show.
Worst little logo ever, but awesome game.
Bandage Girl.
Bandage Girl?
You've got to be kidding me.
I know we never did an appropriate top games of the year.
Dr. Fetus?
Oh my god.
But Super Meat Boy definitely would have been near my top of the list.
I'm showing Gary the beginning of the game.
This is real?
Wow.
Loki, dare I ask if you had to pick one game for your game of the year last year?
Is it possible?
Red Dead?
That's what everybody else picked.
Red Dead was alright.
I don't know.
I still play Grand Theft Auto though.
But Red Dead was kind of cool.
I don't know if I would say it's my game of the year though.
Maybe.
I can't pick one.
That's why we didn't even try to do that episode.
There was a lot of great games last year.
So we just took last week off.
Think about it.
I know a top contender for Game of the Year this year is going to be... Well, what do you think?
Earth Defense Force, Insect Overgeddon.
Oh, yeah.
But see, last year, I'm pretty sure I would have said on the end of the year episode, Oh, man, Final Fantasy XIV is going to be the best game of the year next year.
Boy, was I wrong!
I'm still going to say Star Trek Online was my game of the year.
Unfortunately, it was the game that only lasted me a year.
Mine was probably Civ V. You would say that.
Of course I would.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more news, Loki.
Then we've got the mailbag coming up in just a minute.
Xbox Live Indie Games Winter Uprising Indie Games Winter Uprising
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I believe now all the games have been released that are a part of that.
One of the few last ones here, Cthulhu Saves the World, apparently came out earlier last week and then also they had Breath of Death 7, which was the last one.
Cthulhu Saves the World, it looks like it was made with RPG Maker.
But yeah, you can check those out and check out the little link on Indie Games Winter Uprising.
Plus there's plenty of games out there that really need to be checked out.
And a lot of them, actually all of them, have free demos.
And they're cheap.
A lot of them are really cheap out there.
So check out the demos.
Buy the full game.
What are the huge indie games that I should be playing?
Do we know of any?
Because I tried a couple, and I've got to admit, nothing that really made me want to come on the show and talk about it.
Have you played Carnieville?
I haven't.
You've got to play Carnieville.
I was looking at that Breath of Death whatever, though.
I was going to download that.
I just didn't get around to it.
Carnivale Showtime is one of the first indie games I picked up and it's awesome.
So good.
It's kind of a game where you launch this clown ragdoll thing into the air and you collect balloons and stuff.
But it's really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It was some sort of like Obama fighting game or something like that.
It was, what the hell was it?
It was something ridiculous.
It was like some dude that was running around and like there'd be people and they're trying to attack you and you can like pick up a bus and smash them with the bus and
Oh, you showed me videos of that.
I remember that.
They looked like bad dudes or something.
It was pretty funny.
Are you a bad enough dude to be the president?
Nice.
Alright, what do you think of some others?
I don't know.
I haven't really been on indie games in a while, so...
Thanks for watching!
So the 3DS is getting a big public showing in February in Japan.
Let's see, 3DS will also be at the World Hobby Fair.
It's going to be at some Japanese shopping centers.
Crazy, crazy, excuse me, crazy stuff.
But here's some of the games that are going to be playable at this exhibition, Nintendo World 2011.
The new Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D.
Pro Evolution 3D Soccer.
Street Fighter 4 3D.
Resident Evil Revelations Dynasty Warriors Chronicle Dead or Alive Dimensions Ridge Racer 3D Professor Layton and the Mask of Miracle Nintendogs Plus Cats
Kid Icarus Uprising, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D, Steel Diver, Pilotwings Resort, AR Games, and the Nintendo 3DS Camera.
Now, there's some other stuff that is not playable that's going to be shown.
Kingdom Hearts 3D, Super Monkey Ball 3D, Puzzle Bobble 3D, Star Fox 64, Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, so on and so on.
Probably the same shit we saw at E3, but maybe with a new coat of paint.
I don't know.
But, yep.
Very soon we will know how much this is going to cost in the US, by the way.
Most people are predicting it'll be $2.99.
I'm gonna say I agree with that $2.99 and the Zelda Ocarina of Time is the pack-in because it's a huge game without being a lot of money spent by Nintendo you know what I mean?
I think that'll be the pack-in game will be the camera, the Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D maybe some samplers with some of these other trailers and so stuff other stuff but it won't be Kid Icarus tell you that that will not be the pack-in game
Alright, and that's just, I have nothing to go off of, just what I think.
Let's get to what you think in the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is a place to send your emails every week.
DarkSakura will dive into the mailbag and pick some of her favorite emails and read them for us here on the air.
I will.
But I think the holidays slowed people down, didn't it?
Yep.
This one.
The OLR 2010 Predictions Forum thread died early this year.
Dull.
We got next to nothing, and mine were all wrong, but thankfully so.
This is, by the way, from Rababa.
I won't be posting a 2011 thread this year.
I would like to mention a heavily self-biased list of some notable things that happened.
Don't include the stuff that was part of your year-end wrap-ups.
I'm going to do it anyway.
Well, we didn't even end up doing your year-end wrap-ups, so there you go.
Yeah.
2010 Slimeball Award, Activision Dismantling of Infinity Ward was so as not to pay bonuses.
Someone looking for another job while being gamefully employed is not a reason to fire them.
In fact, the games industry will be best served if you encourage career development across companies.
The decision was very profit-oriented and slimy.
One thing I hope the developer studios should have learned is to put in their contracts that bonuses are paid based on project, not employment.
2010 Last to the Party Award.
Me!
I joined Facebook in August.
2010 Developer of the Year, PopCap.
Their games are not hard-hitting, but they sure are fun.
PopCap is really good at breathing new life into old games.
Plant vs. Zombies on new systems with new features.
Bejeweled 3, Zuma's Revenge, and Zuma Blitz.
2010 Welcome to the 21st Century Award, Steam.
Steam made no-box direct sales of software worth it with their great prices.
Think you shouldn't pay as much for a game because the cost of packaging and media isn't an issue?
Steam understands that.
The newest games are pricey, but their sales, like the year-end one right now, make it affordable.
2010 best use of meat in a game's title?
Super Meat Boy.
They managed to use the initials SMB to hilarious effects.
I'm looking forward to what you guys come up with.
That's cute.
Last one.
Dear peoples of the intertubes, you put out the call on Twitter for gaming-related New Year's resolutions.
Well, most of my resolutions have to do with writing.
My only vaguely gaming-related one is to pay off my credit card, which I've only used to buy my two-year-old laptop.
Besides, I don't make resolutions as much as I make goals.
Goals tend not to have an expiration date that leads to disappointment in yourself.
Stay black, Redertainment.
This message was brought to you by Windows 7, which totally fucked up my two-year-old laptop sent for my iPad.
Well, you gotta have the money to buy the games, so...
Good old reliable iPad If you pay off your credit card, you can always run it all up again Just kidding You know what I have noticed?
Don't go too crazy What?
I have better luck sending emails from my iPhone than I do my PC sometimes Really?
Because my iPhone has never crashed on me Alright, well let's get to the FUs of the week I've had iPhone apps crash on me, just so you know I've had apps crash, but there's no such thing as a BSOD on an iPhone
Yet.
But there is a such thing as the alarms suddenly not working on the iPhone.
I don't know if you've heard about that.
So it's not a perfect world.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
FU to my back and now my butt because I was playing with my friend's son and he's heavy.
And I've wrenched my lower back and it's settled in my right side.
I have a bad hip for the record.
I've been in two car accidents and injured my hip both times.
And I'm in a lot of pain.
I've taken significant Vicodin today.
Significant.
I won't say how much.
And, um, I still hurt.
I'm walking around like I'm, you know, 90.
And I don't like it.
Also, I F you to the tail end of this cold that refuses to go away.
Which makes me very, uh, antisocial and bitchy.
Is that all?
Okay, Loki.
What's your F you to the week, Loki?
Uh, my F you to the week would be to, um...
The weather sucks.
I don't really have anything.
Gary, any FUs of the week?
Things that are making you mad?
I would have to agree with Loki on that one.
The weather around here has blown goats all days yesterday and today.
I hate rain, but I've said that before.
I mean, other people remind me that yes, we need it, but still, it makes everything, especially with driving, more difficult.
And yeah, that's the only one I want to say right now.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I would say F you to Comcast, my internet provider.
Yes.
Comcast is evil.
Because my internet is still dropping out.
I actually had a guy come out to my house last week to try to fix it.
Have fun.
And I'm still getting randomly dropped from the internet, which is affecting my Warcraft playing.
Addict.
Rawr.
Sorry.
Jamie and I have a mutual friend who has Comcast, and she's always complaining about issues with it, so I can feel your pain on that one.
Hey, at least the tech who came to my house was really nice, but I kind of got the sense in just what he was saying that, yeah, this seems to be a problem in Comcast's office, and I'm just really here to validate that there's a problem.
You know, like, so frustrating.
At least nobody came into your neighborhood and snapped the main fiber optic cable.
You remember when that happened to me?
Well, that's not Comcast, though.
That's just some jackass.
That's some asshole.
Yeah.
But anyhow, that's it for my FUs of the week.
Just FU to the fact I can't run instances in WoW because I always get disconnected.
Rude and ignorant.
A couple more news stories for you guys in the Skype line, 877-GAME-OLR.
But not just yet.
We've got two more stories for you.
Loki?
Yes.
So to kind of wrap things up, and this is surprising.
Thank God I haven't run across it probably because it's in a different region.
But Android, the marketplace, is getting a few games that are actually Trojan horses that are letting, I guess, malicious hackers possibly use your phone as part of a botnet.
Um, apparently in China, um, on their app store, there's, I guess, um, a few apps that are affected by this.
Monkey Jump 2, Sex Positions, President vs. Aliens, and, um...
City Defense and Baseball Superstars 2010
Though the intent of this Trojan isn't entirely clear, the possibilities range from setting up a malicious mobile ad network to creating an Android botnet.
Possibly affected apps could be posted to the app stores targeting US users in the future.
So just be on the lookout.
I worry about the day something like this happens to the iPhone.
I mean, Android's bad enough.
There's enough people who use that.
But boy, oh boy, when something like this happens on iPhone.
I think their app store is more open than...
That's true.
I mean, everything does have to go through that rigid approval process with Apple.
But you just wonder when something's going to slip through the cracks, you know?
It will eventually.
Yeah.
Of course, they can always pull it like that.
Like the cocaine app?
Once it gets out there.
Remember the cocaine app?
I heard about that.
Yeah, yeah.
Or the... What was the one?
Something about like baby... Oh, it was really bad.
It was something like punching babies or something and somehow it got approved.
It was really terrible.
So...
The Legend of Zelda The Legend of Zelda
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Rob, what's that?
I'm downloading it.
Of course you are.
It is available on this website called, let's see, it was originally put on this forums at lostlevels.org which I think gets into a lot of these types of prototype issues and I guess there's more information available as well on a website called thecuttingroomfloortcrf.net which is a whole little like Wikipedia type thing that will detail all of the changes if you really want to know what rooms led different rooms and
How the item drops were different.
I mean, they get into the real nitty gritty about this.
Most people will just kind of go, eh, neat, a couple things are different.
So, you know, again, if you're going to download stuff like this, though, you should consider, you know, at least owning a legitimate copy of this, be it through Virtual Console or one of the 50,000 times Nintendo has released these games, be it in compilations or what have you.
But I say, you know what?
As long as you have one of those other games or you've had at some point in your life, I think you're entitled to take a peek at this game.
Alright, that is it for the news tonight.
We're going to open up the Skype line.
Let's get some calls.
877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
First calls of 2011.
The delay is bigger tonight, so it's about a minute.
Do we have any last minute stories while we wait for some calls to come in?
Try Not To Fart
I saw the box art for that.
How exactly do you not fart?
I think it's button presses.
You have to mimic the button presses.
But they have different situations, eating dinner with your girlfriend's parents or wedding.
I remembered one of the indie games that I played that was really, really bad.
It was called Maids with Balloons.
Oh I saw that!
Wow, it was kind of poop.
I know we're supposed to support indie games and all that stuff, but it's very clear what this game is all about, and it's not the game.
Sounds like an epic fail.
Yeah, Inside Lacrosse's College Lacrosse 2010.
That's a good one.
All right, let's get to the call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ranma, and yes, SSJ100, Matt, is correct.
I am the first one of the year.
You're the first one of every goddamn show, but you know what?
Here's what I say.
If you don't like Ranma getting through first every time, they have Skype on the iPhone.
You can call us at Orange Lounge Radio.
We have a toll-free number, for heaven's sakes.
There's plenty of ways to get through to the show.
So if you're the only one that wants to have your voice be heard, then so be it.
What's on your mind tonight?
There are weeks where I let people jump the line.
I don't even bother, but...
I'll be on my merry little way
That would be nice.
You know, I think competition is sometimes a little bit healthy.
You know what really frustrates me to no end about this whole Comcast stuff is that there's no real competition in this area.
I mean, I guess we're starting to see more and more AT&T U-verse, and some people would tell me, oh, well, there's DSL.
And I'm actually getting to the point where I don't care if DSL is like a fourth as fast as cable.
I'm going to fucking switch if they can't figure this problem out.
You know what I mean?
I hear you.
DSL isn't as fast, but it's just more dependable and more reliable.
I mean, that's part of the reason why I switched to fiber optic.
I mean, yeah, I had cable, but you know what?
When the cable modem goes out at 12 midnight during off-peak hours for 5-10 minutes at a time, I'm switching to something else that's a lot better and besides.
Fios TV.
Pictures a lot sharper and a lot cleaner than what Cablevision was offering.
I don't even really watch TV.
It's all about Netflix and all that now.
But you live in New York City, too, where you probably have more options.
Being here in Sacramento, it's not that Sacramento doesn't have... It's not like we're a podunk town.
I think we're number 20 in the nation or something like that.
But I live a little bit on the outskirts of Sacramento, so I don't think I have as many options where I live.
I hear where you're coming from because where I am, my options are either Cablevision or Verizon.
You go in certain parts of New York City, it's either Time Warner or Verizon and sometimes it's RCN or AT&T.
It depends on where you go.
Big Wang Eater in our chat room is saying, fucking switch.
Switch, bitch.
I will switch to eating Big Wang.
That's who I will switch to.
How long ago did you switch to that?
You opened the door.
I'm sorry.
I plead the fifth.
We'll be right back.
that's all I want oh yes and even with DSL speeds coming up you have to pay more for it let's get back to gaming talk yeah sorry well hey it directly affects my games it's not just wow it's PlayStation Network and this whole White Knight Chronicles being online enabled I can't keep a connection it's getting bad so anyhow I feel you so what else is on your mind my friend anything else
Arcade Infinity.
Now, before we get into that, just so you know, Colt 45 is a malt liquor, not a beer.
So if you're going to pour a 40, you're pouring a 40 of malt liquor.
You don't pour beer.
Beer is tasty.
Malt liquor, not so much.
No.
That's why I said an ice cold Colt 45.
Everything in a can is the same to me unless it's Guinness.
But Guinness is better out of a bottle.
Truth.
True dat, true dat.
Even better on tap.
That's true.
More truth.
Alrighty, Ranma, I'm going to go ahead and let you go.
But wait, actually, one more question because I'm going to ask this of all our callers tonight.
Your favorite game of last year using any criteria you want.
There is no right or wrong answer.
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World, the game.
Because...
It was the, again, it's the only game I played more than any other game of all of last year.
It just brought me back to my favorite beat-em-ups.
I mean, this is a game where people would just come over.
It was like the number two game in my house next to Rock Band.
I wish we could get people together and have fun.
This is like, I felt like I was like 10, 11, 12 years old playing this game, you know?
Nothing's wrong with that.
Fun is where it's at.
Got that right.
Alright, Rama, you have a good one.
We'll see you next time.
You got it.
Later.
Later.
877-GAME-OLR Or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio Give us a call, we'll talk SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says Guinness is a meal, really Well, yeah, I mean Well, it's liquid bread I suppose you could look at it that way And there's no other last minute stories in-house We've got nothing but calls to go on
I was going to make more recommendations.
Sure, give us a couple more while we wait for some calls.
Shoot One Up was supposed to be a really good one.
And that's pretty cheap.
Explosion Aid was another good one.
That was by the guys that did Weapon of Choice.
And really cool looking shooter game.
Here comes a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku here.
Hello, my friend.
How are you doing?
Doing pretty good.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nah, I know Adam mentioned Arcade Infinity.
You probably already covered this to death.
But the way I see it is that I'm surprised it managed to go this long.
Given the fact that, you know, round one pretty much was a death blow to them.
And don't get me wrong with round one.
At least they're like an authentic Japanese entertainment center to an extent.
And they do a lot better than D&B, but
I don't know.
Arcades are pretty much dead at this point.
I hate to say it.
They're dead.
They're just not dying.
They're pretty much dead.
It's funny you bring up D&B because I was at Dave & Buster's this week and it's still kicking.
There's still quite a few people there.
No, but that's corporate owned.
I'm talking about mom and pop operations like Arcade Infinity.
I gotcha.
Those are on their way out.
The rest of them are pretty much on death row.
Unless, of course, you have foot traffic, but yeah, it's a disaster state of affairs now.
It just, you know, it doesn't make sense when, you know,
I get... No, I get what you're saying.
Sadly, it's one of those things where, yeah, we covered the story here, and it was kind of one of those, oh, that's kind of sad, but it's also not surprising.
I mean, that's just... You're right.
Arcades have been kind of going this way, and there's not been a lot that's really made us have to go, oh, we've got to go to the arcade and have that experience, because now we have the internet, you know?
And...
It's so weird because OLR started because of arcade culture.
And that couldn't happen today.
And it's kind of sad in a way.
But even our little arcade culture has moved to the internet in its own little way.
And it's not like the internet didn't exist then because we used to have our own little forums.
The Sacramentals were our little DDR team and so forth, which wasn't really a team.
It was just kids that played DDR.
But, you know...
XBOX Live and MMOs
it's pretty much on it's days are pretty much numbered somebody has to innovate somebody has to innovate somewhere and of course I don't know what that answer is or I'd be a freaking millionaire but surely there is something where people would want to do it in person you know what I mean there's got to be something that will get people I always want to do it in person you know what I mean the folks who run the classic arcades they're probably going to be around for a while because all of that generation of
Thanks for watching!
and just, you know, pick up the torch where they left off.
You know, as long as they're right, as long as they're like running a tight ship.
I gotta say this.
I gotta say this though too.
I mean, let's be real.
AI also, it was in kind of a shitty location.
Right, round one.
It didn't really have a lot of advertising and I realized it was an independent thing but unless you were kind of on the internet, I had no idea about this place until I was like online and posting on DDR boards.
It's not even that.
I heard they were getting flack from the city.
They were really hesitant about renewing their licenses.
Wow.
Sad.
Right.
And coupled with the fact that their landlord raised their rent constantly, raised their rent to the point where they had no choice but to be driven out.
And then round one showed up.
So it was like so many forces and they pretty much were
Let me ask you, I've been asking everybody else to wrap up and get more calls.
What was your favorite game of all last year?
Any criteria you want?
Let me see.
Any criteria?
Would that be... I'm thinking Bad Company, too.
Why is that?
Just because of its crack-like addictions.
Especially the multiplayer, where even though it's team-based, it's just like on the PC, there's no ass-hattery.
Everyone helps.
Everyone fights.
No one quits.
I wish there could be less asshattery in online games that is one thing I would say Red Dead Redemption but I just started that game a few days ago that is one thing I will say that arcades always kind of have over the online stuff is that online you can hide behind your monitor but in arcades if you're going to be an asshole you have to be an asshole to people's faces that's one thing I do miss about arcades alright Zaku I gotta let you go because we can get more calls have a good one buddy later
Alright, we'll get to some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up guys?
This is Kaijudo.
Kaijudo, what's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
Hold on, my phone is crapping out on me.
Alright, my game of the year was Mag, for sure.
I really enjoyed that game.
Mag?
My game of the decade.
Mag.
Game of the decade?
No, I know Mag.
They've even announced a sequel to Mag already, right?
Yeah, yeah, I've heard some news about it.
I know that Zipper has a podcast where they discuss the game, but I haven't
and DarkSakura.com
No, Loki would be right there with you, buddy.
Loki, Grand Theft Auto 4, Game of the Decade, possibly?
Maybe?
It's pretty good.
I don't know if I... Yeah, you had people complaining about the water.
I think that was some of the best computer-generated water I've ever slammed in a game, and I can't believe people even hated that.
I don't know.
It's just a weird hate for that game.
I think when that's, like, if you're complaining about the water above everything else, like, really?
That's kind of a stretch, you know?
I can think of games that have many more problems than the water.
Yeah, they complained about the water and the driving just because you couldn't just, you couldn't speed down the street at, like, 200 miles a minute, you know?
They claimed that that was also a problem with the game.
I don't know.
I love the game.
But anyway, what else I want to get to is arcades.
You asked about innovation.
and I think that the way they'll probably be able to save it is virtual reality.
Like some type of apparatus that I know they already have something like that but they need something where you'll have a group of people that'll stand in it and there'll be some type of multiplayer aspect.
I think that multiplayer to the arcade will actually be something that might be able to save it.
So the holodeck?
Yeah, pretty much yeah, the holodeck.
That'll save the arcades I think.
or maybe even Motion Control.
I find it kind of fascinating in a way that you're calling in to talk about saving arcades and you also kind of in the same sentence say MAG is the best game that you played last year because MAG is very interesting because it's not an MMO but you can't really call it just some multiplayer online game either.
It's like a, it's just, it's a brawl.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it's really great.
I mean, I think
As far as first-person shooters go, that's the main reason why I like MAG was just because it's very innovative.
They were doing something that you're not seeing in Call of Duty, that you're not even seeing in Halo, and I just can't believe how people just knock any type of new innovation that comes out of it.
If the first-person shooter is not Call of Duty, they knock it down, and if the game isn't... What's the other big game that they have out there that people seem to
Halo.
I'm drawing a blank.
Oh, WoW, there you go.
Yeah, if it's not WoW, it also gets shot down.
Black Ops.
It's like you could only... Yeah, it's like you could only make those two games.
It's like you can only make Call of Duty for shooters and you can only make WoW for MMOs, you know?
It's like the only two games in existence in people's minds.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I like WoW.
I think WoW's great, but I've also played other MMOs and I think, you know, they should also get a chance, you know?
I think they're...
Great games.
I'm just a gamer, period.
Do you think there's a way to bring the magic of MAG and what makes that game exciting for you to an arcade?
Or do you think that 64-player brawl experience is something you can really only do online and only ever do online?
Oh, no.
You can bring something like MAG to an arcade.
You couldn't have 128 people versus 128 people.
But, you know, you could probably have a little skirmish of maybe 400
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah, I agree with that.
Like I said, my multiplayer is where it's at, man.
That's going to save the arcades if they want to save it.
I mean, I gave up on arcades after Street Fighter 2 came out on PlayStation.
I mean, on Super Nintendo.
As the old saying goes, if you can't beat them, join them.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, thank you so much for the call, buddy.
It was good.
No problem.
I was going to ask you your game of the year, but you already said you opened it up with Mag.
So have fun fragging in Mag, and I hope Mag 2 is just as good, if not better.
Yeah, thanks a lot, man.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Try it.
Everyone who's listening, try Mag.
It's free now.
Just try it.
It's free?
I like free.
Well, it's something like that.
You need PlayStation Plus.
There's a lot of crazy shit you have to do, but you can get the game for free if you don't want to buy it.
All right, I'll have to look into that.
All right, take care, buddy.
All right.
It's almost like he works for the developer.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
And yeah, we have a very full chat room tonight.
Thank you guys for joining us.
It's almost like you missed OLR.
I'm very, very... Touched?
I'm touched.
Are you touched in a special way, Rob?
I don't know if I'd go that far SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says People are doing that with Technica 2 now They are battling with people for AZ and CA I like where that's going That's a good start Unfortunately that's just one game Alright, let's see Let's go to another call here This will be our last call of the night Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is ActDeft Hey ActDeft, haven't heard from you in a long time, what's up?
Nothing much Just want to talk about some games Sure, what's up?
have you tried or have any of you tried the Mexican wrestling game AAA Heroes del Dream I have not tried it and I'm going to assume the other folks in the studio probably haven't either but why don't you tell us all about it I think if we knew more about it I think Dan would play it
Well, it's a pretty interesting game.
Basically, it's wrestling, but you have many professional Mexican wrestlers, and it's actually a pretty fun game to play on multiplayer.
Mm-hmm.
Is it like full on with all the theatrics and masks and everything?
Yeah.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah, it actually captures all the Mexican wrestling thing.
Well, the action and all the things that happen on Mexican wrestling.
The drama.
Yeah, the drama.
Well, basically, even the audience plays a factor, well, plays in the game, not actually playing, but it plays a factor in the game.
Was this the game you were telling us about previously that was actually developed in Mexico?
Yes, it was developed by Mexicans and Colombians, I think.
Though it was, I think, published by Konami in the United States.
Awesome.
Speaking of interesting things published by Konami, I know this is completely random, but I have to get that out at some point.
I was at Dave & Buster's over the weekend, I think I mentioned.
One of the things I played while I was there, it was a Wheel of Fortune ticket spitting machine where you guess the puzzle and everything.
It was made by Konami.
Couldn't believe it.
I didn't realize they had the license to do that type of thing, but they do a lot of arcade stuff, or redemption type of things, like slot machines and so forth.
You said this was AAA?
Oh yeah, she's looking at a video here in the studio right now of this game.
Oh, this looks sick.
Triple A, it's called, or Triple A. Okay, I think this is immediately awesome.
I'm just watching the intro of it.
That looks really cool.
It's definitely dramatic.
Where's the gameplay?
Okay, I see that they have some over-the-top wrestlers.
Oh, it's the guy in the skeleton suit.
I love that.
Little creepy.
Yeah, he's called La Parca.
Oh, this is sweet.
DarkSakura is going to be getting her wrestling on pretty soon.
I actually like wrestling games, believe it or not, because I like customizing a wrestler.
I think that it's fun.
If you like wrestling games, you're going to love this.
Well, we used to get all of the WWE ones, because the big thing about it is that because some of the publishing went overseas is that they actually have some of the big moves from some of the Japanese wrestlers.
and we would, you could actually unlock, like take all these different parts and recreate official, you know, Japanese wrestlers in it and it was really awesome.
And I remember, okay, do you remember WrestleMania 2000?
Kinda.
For the Nintendo 64?
Yes.
I made this one wrestler who was a Degeneration X guy and we had him fight everybody just on the watch mode and he beat everybody including getting the women's belt.
But that's what I like to do with those games is just make somebody and then just have them go in watch mode on all of the things.
I think that would be fun.
Alright, Actdeft, I got one more question for you and that would be what was the best game you played all last year using any criteria you want?
I didn't play that many games this year, well, last year, but I think one game that I really found interesting, it is BBBBBB, or 6B Ah yes, I heard you mention this in chat, what was so great about it?
Well, it's actually a pretty simple game.
It's a simple platformer.
You don't jump, you don't do any spectacular things like in Mario or any platform like that.
You control the gravity.
You can go up or down, but you can't jump or can't move according to what you want to do.
So you have to calculate what you're going to do.
If you're going to fall, you have to
Well, be very lucky or somewhat skilled so you don't die because many of the rooms are filled with spikes.
That's why it's called... Ah, got it.
Interesting.
It's also very cheap.
I think it's $5, I think.
And it's a pretty complete game.
I think it's the best game I played last year.
SimpleJet Innovative.
Alright, great.
I like hearing about some new games and things that, you know, maybe some of the rest of us missed, so I think that's a great pick.
Alright, buddy, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for your call.
Thank you.
Take care.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys so much for calling.
Sorry to those that didn't get through.
It's always inevitable.
It doesn't ring for like five minutes and then suddenly it's ringing off the hook at the end.
Please feel free to email us your thoughts.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Make DarkSakura do some work for next week.
Anyhow, all joking aside, we've got to wrap up the show and get out of here for the night.
Some of us have to get back to work tomorrow bright and early.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts since I believe we are done with the last minute stories tonight.
Hey Gary, thanks for being here.
I know sadly you didn't get a whole lot of chance to shout at us with the news and everything with what's going on, but hey, have a great week and hope you get some more games and good luck with the tabletop adventures too.
Yeah, thanks.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, I wish I had more time to play video games.
There's a lot going on right now.
Hopefully I'll be able to get a hold of some more time and some more games in the future.
But yeah, I want to finish Batman Arkham Asylum before Arkham City comes out later this year.
And I also wanted to try Transformers War for Cybertron.
Still haven't gotten to that one yet either.
I'll give you an assignment for the next time you come on the show at some point.
You got to find us that tabletop game that you think is the most accessible to somebody who's been playing the types of games we play here.
That's going to be a challenge, to say the least.
There you go.
There's your homework.
Okay, accepted.
All right.
We'll go to DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, how you doing?
Did you have a good first show of the year?
I hope so.
Yeah, I feel slightly more better.
Her spirits have been elevated.
Well, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
Grr, arg.
My final thought is, I don't want to get up at 6 a.m.
Loki, your final thought.
I don't want to get up at 5 a.m.
I don't have to!
Wow!
Neither do I, but I do sympathize.
I actually kind of wish I had your problem.
Alright, well that's it guys.
That's going to do it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks so much for downloading our show and checking us out.
If you like what you hear, remember we do this completely for free and we don't ask anything but help us spread the word.
Word of mouth is the only advertising we have here at Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the way we've been doing it for nine years and we will continue to do it throughout the year and on into our tenth year in 2012.
Tell two people about the show.
Help us spread the word.
Leave a nice review for us on iTunes.
It all goes a long way.
We really appreciate it, guys.
We'll be back with more news next week.
Games are starting to release again next week.
We got, what, DC Universe just on the horizon and more.
And plenty more gaming news for next year.
3DS coming up and so on.
It's going to be a busy year in games.
So we'll be here to talk about them with you guys because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
Until then, bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week!
