Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts?
DarkSakura
Sky and Lowkey
Tonight, January 30th, 2011
Sony unveils Project MGP
Portal 2 promises user-generated content
and could cloud save soon beyond the...
...friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week...
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 399 for January 30th, 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games with the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I am doing better than I was.
Yeah, I've heard you've been kind of sick lately. I'm sorry to hear about it.
Yeah, but I has warm drink. Thank you.
Oh, you're welcome.
And I have my fuzzy blue binky.
Not a Snuggie, but it kind of looks like one from far away.
It's very soft fleece and I think that I got this as a freebie from somewhere, but it's been super soft and goes with me on trips.
And it's like my comfort blanket.
Have you ever thought about investing in a Snuggie?
I saw one once. It was a knockoff with Kingdom Hearts patterns all over it. It did make me think of you a little bit.
I don't know. I like my blanket. If it was the same softness as this blanket. See, my blanket's really soft.
Oh, this is great radio, me feeling the blanket. Yes, there you go.
If it was just like this blanket, then maybe I could be convinced. But I kind of like being shrouded in my warm blanket and being able to pull it over my head if I want to.
Is it like a Linus from the Peanuts thing where it's like your security blanket has to go with you everywhere?
Well, no. But it makes me feel comforted when I feel weak and sick. And then I can use my really low warm blanket.
I just realized I touched that blanket when you were sick. I really hope I don't get it.
It's been washed, Rob.
Alright, let's also say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
Sick as well.
Oh, no.
I caught my son's cold.
Oh my gosh.
The plague.
That's alright.
I feel like I'm marked because I haven't been sick yet. Dot, dot, dot. I really hope I don't get anything.
Well, sorry to hear about you being sick as well. I hope you get over it.
Yeah, it's fine.
But I have to point out, just before the show started while Bobby's show was finishing up here live at All Games Radio, you were giggling like a schoolgirl over there playing, what was it, Grand Theft Auto 4 on the PC?
Yeah, episodes of Liberty City.
And it was really funny because you were listening to some gay dance music or something in the game while you were just blowing up.
Yeah, I was listening to the Russian electronic station in the game and then I was playing, well, I was working on map edits and then I decided, because I still have the crazy car handling in place still, that I'd play around with that, so that's what I was doing.
Gotcha.
Well, it looked like you were having fun because you were giggling as your car was spinning around and around and around and around.
Yeah, you're not supposed to be able to get into those cars because they go crazy, but since I have the trainer, I can spawn cars and make it so I don't fall off of motorcycles and stuff. It's fun.
Alright, and also joining us tonight, of course, you guys, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, as they have over the past, what, nine years we've been doing this show.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com if you are listening to us live because we do tape live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And yes, we are doing a show next week, which is very brave because we are going to compete against Super Bowl Sunday in some ways. I don't know, I think most of it's wind down. I think they're in like the last quarter by the time this show starts.
But next week's kind of a big deal for us because it's episode number 400. I don't think we're going to do anything too special. We might have some surprises in store, little things, but you know, we don't want to do because then we could do, we could do a 400th special, then we could do a ninth anniversary special, then we could do a 10th anniversary, you know, we don't want to overdo it with the special.
I like 10 aversaries.
Every week is special. Dang it. So we appreciate you guys listening to us over the past few years. Really appreciate it.
We're going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com. Tigerclaw says, it's funny that Snuggies have taken off considering the Slanket was the first one to come up with the idea. And Jim Sally says, Snuggies now with 10% more Slanket.
So is Snuggie like the Zynga of the blanket making world? I don't know. Take with that what you will.
Alright, let's get into the show and talk about some video games and how is your gaming week and the types of video games you have been playing since you guys have been sick. I don't know if you guys have been playing some games, but let's see.
Dark Soccer, what have you been up to?
I've really just played World of Warcraft. Addicts. Dealer. Because I hate Icecrown. And I hated it so much that I was like, I just need to power level through it, need to get through with it, need to get through with it. I'm done.
And I have to thank Alan, by the way, for running me through that. I don't think it was a dungeon, but it was like some tournament area. And I think it was in Zildrak.
Oh yeah, the Ring of Blood or whatever it's called.
I could get the Slobberknocker. But it got me a crap ton of experience on top of it. So that saved me a couple hours of work and stupid quests to control water elementals, which sucked. And now I just did the joust thing.
Yeah, there's a little parody. And she's not talking like an actual joust thing, although that's in the game too.
You ride a griffin.
But there's like a make-believe 3D version of the old school 80s game, joust.
And you get a pet from it that's one of the little griffins with a dude on it with a lance. And you get to keep the lance. Although I'm gonna sell it for probably nothing that's worse. It's like a zero to one damage item, which makes me laugh.
And I'm actually having a really good time in the really pretty Cataclysm area. It's just really pretty.
Flowers and fairy dragons. I love fairy dragons. And I'll tell you why I love fairy dragons. From D&D.
My friend played a fairy dragon named Shimata Hentai. So I thought it was funny. And I'm done. I'm high on Sudafed.
It's gonna be a fun show!
Sudafed, Robitussin, and Benadryl.
Do you find that, wow, I'm still blown away every week this goes on. That you were a wow hater in 2010.
I wasn't a hater.
Yes you were. You turned it all around in 2011.
I wasn't a hater.
Okay, you were a disliker.
I was just bored by it.
Disliker's gonna dislike.
Well, you know me. I'm gonna give something a chance before I decide that I hate it. And enough, like I said enough, people said it's different that I had to give it a chance.
Speaking of MMOs, I gotta go to a comment from Tigerclaw in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchrader.com.
He says his gaming week pretty much consisted of playing DC Universe online. Still haven't reached level 30. I think I'm around level 16 or 15.
So I've gotta kinda ask, are there any other MMOs? Cause I know you're a comic book, even though you're not so much DC. I know you're more of a Marvel girl.
Do any of these other MMOs interest you? And you've talked also about maybe I need to go back to Star Trek Online and check out what's going on there.
Well, I missed on Star Trek Online. And I do miss my fleet. They're cool guys.
I do want to go back to Star Trek Online for a month to see the new episodes. But I don't know. I mean, it really got to be super redundant.
And there's been enough different stuff going on in World of Warcraft that I think it's gonna keep my attention.
Cause I just get bored doing the same thing over and over again. Which is why I was really, really bored in Icecrown.
Except, I mean, once I got through all the cool Arthas stuff, I was like, ugh, boring. And I forgot to make him dance. See if I can make him dance.
But, um, I've liked all the little neat throwing stuff and I really haven't had enough of that in Star Trek Online.
I'm gonna give it another go. I mean, I love Star Trek Online. It was fun. I love everything about it. Except that I've run out of shit to do.
Except the endgame got old, basically.
Yeah, pretty much. And I don't like PVP. I hate PVP.
I'm kinda curious what you're gonna think of the endgame a while because I know you haven't done a lot of the grouping.
And to be honest, there's not a whole lot else to do. Well, I take that back. They've done a lot of stuff when it comes to reputations and crafting.
And there's kinda that to do. There's a lot of daily quests you can do. But I worry you're gonna find yourself a little bored when you get to the endgame.
Because even I'm getting a little bored at the endgame right now because our guild lost some people after the expansion just due to real life stuff.
And we haven't had enough to do any of the raiding, which is the big stuff you do.
Well, see, that's why I want you guys to show me the ropes. So that, you know, Wednesdays are gonna be bad.
It's the Rope Robot School of Warcraft!
Well, Wednesdays are gonna be bad for me because I have school until 1030.
But I wanna eventually get into it. You know, I got so wrapped up in questing and it was so much fun to me.
And I've got a Worgen now.
I gotta make my shopping list over here for WoW School. Okay, buy Sorting Hat for Jamie.
I have a Worgen now though. Because while I was feeling so sick and miserable, Dan decided to cheer me up by getting me Cataclysm.
And then promptly yelled at me for playing too much Warcraft.
But I named her Veruca Salt. With two A's. Veruca Salt.
Veruca! Alright.
Because I couldn't get Volkswagen.
Alright, enough MMO chat. Let's go over to Loki. I know he doesn't play any of them right now, so I'll ask him what he's been playing this week, Loki.
I've been playing, um, not a whole lot actually. Just, you know, mainly like Grand Theft Auto stuff because that's fun.
Just been dealing with... I had my JTAG system repaired and it died in five minutes when I got it back.
So I was like, uh, that sucks. So I sent it away to get it fixed again.
Um, I did play some stuff on the iPod yesterday actually. I played...
And you may remember this from when we were talking about it during one...
It was a news segment we brought up.
The game Hamlet. Or was it the last game not to feature MMO shading and some other elements or something like that?
I vaguely remember a story on this. So I remember making the comment like,
how in the hell are they gonna make a game out of that? That sounds...
It was actually pretty awesome.
Some college kids project gone pretty long.
Yes. Hamlet or the last game without MMO RPG features, shaders, and product placement. HD was the game that I played.
And, um, basically it's like a point and click adventure game, except really dumbed down. In a way.
Um, it's dumbed down the fact that you don't have an inventory. You don't have any real exploration or anything.
It's just okay. It's one level, and then the next room you're in, and the next room you're in, and you have to solve a puzzle in each one.
And there's about 20 some rooms.
So I was able to finish the game in like three to four hours.
But, um, it's really got a unique style to it. I mean, it's not...
It is Hamlet, and it's not. It's like, um, if the creators of Ren and Stimpy created a version of Hamlet, it's basically that.
It's just weird.
I love Ren and Stimpy. It's powdered toast, man!
No, seriously, the art style kind of reminds me of, like, Ren and Stimpy. It's just very weird.
Okay, now I'm interested.
Um, but it's...
Who from our generation didn't love Ren and Stimpy?
Yeah, you play this, like, um...
What rolls downstairs, hops over in pairs, runs over your neighbor's dog.
You play this, like, time traveler or whatever who comes back to, I guess, Hamlet and accidentally crushes Hamlet, and he, you know, he's injured, so you have to basically do all the things Hamlet would have had to do.
And they've already teased a sequel, which is gonna be Romeo and Juliet.
Hamlet 2?
There's gonna be Romeo and Juliet.
Hamlet 2, Electric Boogaloo.
Bummer, because the Hamlet 2 movie is one of those movies. I actually watched the movie. Do you know they have, like, a movie called Hamlet 2, and it's about a guy who's putting on stage? It's a comedy.
And, like, it's actually not very funny, but it's one of those things that's, like, so stupid, you kind of laugh in some parts.
Rock me, Rock me, Rock me, Jesus.
Yeah, Rock me, Sexy Jesus. Like, it's so absurd, you have to laugh, because this movie clearly was just set out to offend people. And that was kind of funny.
Uh, but yeah, the game's pretty awesome. The only problem I have is that it's short, and once you've beaten it, there's really no reason to play it again.
So...
Is it a free game, though?
No.
Oh.
But it's cheap.
Okay. Well, as long as you kind of get what you pay for, so to speak.
Yeah. But it was a good game. It's just, it's, um, and some of the puzzles are pretty hard. You have to think about it, and they give you a little hint, but that hint sometimes doesn't really help you.
Um, but you can usually figure it out pretty quick. I mean, I played the whole game through without using any sort of, you know, cheats or anything.
Is Telltale in trouble? I mean, they are the kings of the whole point-and-clicky games right now.
No, it's a little different than that.
Okay.
It's more of like, you know, someone that hasn't really played an adventure game. I mean, it's very, okay, you solve this puzzle in this stage, you move to the next stage, and you solve this next puzzle, and they have little boss fights and stuff like that.
Okay.
And the boss fights are just very, very odd. The whole game is very odd.
Spaznator's in our chatroom saying that he bought some Ren and Stimpy episodes via PSN. I had no idea. See, I wouldn't know what the hell was on the PSN video store if we didn't have Spaznator in our chatroom every week or on Twitter or wherever he's at, because I never pay attention to what's on it.
I had no idea you could get Ren and Stimpy episodes. Can you even get those on Netflix? I don't even know. Like, I'm sure they're all on DVD, but they're probably all over YouTube as well. I don't know.
All right. Anything else for your gaming week you want to share with us, Loki?
No, no, that would be it.
Okay. My gaming week. Didn't play a whole lot of new stuff. I'm kind of having to penny-pinch right now, so I don't have a lot of money to spend $60 on new games, so it's kind of playing the games I have, which is WoW and some of the, you know, Xbox Live Arcade games.
But this is funny that I'm going to talk about penny-pinch and then talk about what I just did this weekend. But I took, like, a real quick suicide trip to Disneyland. That's where I was the past couple days.
That's not why there wasn't a Hoard House this week, though. We had a plan, but unfortunately, Plan B fell through. We'll get to that on that show.
However, yeah, I went to Disneyland, and when I was there, part of the reason I wanted to go was to see this whole Electronica event that they had. They had a Tron-themed dance party rave that they turned a whole section of Disneyland into.
And yes, this is video game related because they have several little attractions going on. Most of it is to just kind of draw people into California Adventure before World of Color starts, which is their big, big thing.
And California Adventure is kind of the struggling Disney park right now. While it has a few big, big rides that people love, like Tower of Terror and California Screamin', there's not a lot of reason for people to, like, stay there like they do Disneyland.
So Electronica's kind of a way to bring them in there. And they have a couple neat things. Like, they have a nine-minute preview of Tron Legacy, which is, you know, what you would expect to see in, like, a...
They turn the Muppets Theater into the Tron Theater, which is kind of funny. But they do, like, lighting effects where when the recognizer comes out, the whole theater glows red. Kind of cute little things like that.
But I'll tell you what was awesome and what has to do with gaming is that they took one of the old buildings that I believe way back in the day used to be the Who Wants to Be a Millionaire experience that didn't last very long.
And that building's just been empty for the longest time. Well, guess what they turned it into? Flynn's Arcade. They have a replica of Flynn's Arcade complete with old-school 80s arcade games.
And get this, because it's Disney and because, you know, everything has to work at Disneyland, it all works. Like, it's a classic arcade game where all these games feel like they're in, like, mint freaking condition.
That's fantastic.
I know. Like, there's just not a lot like it. There's very few arcades that take good care of their retro machines like that.
Did they say how long it's gonna be there?
It's guaranteed right now on the calendars through March 25th.
That means we should be there when we go...
But people are thinking, like, oh, maybe it's not gonna last through April when the Blu-ray's coming out. But my other thought is what are they gonna replace it with?
Electronica replaced what they called Glowfest, which was the same type of thing, really. It just didn't have a Tron theme to it.
And when you see the Tron stuff, it's pretty rad what they did. But there's not a whole lot else to see besides that classic arcade and everything.
But it's crazy because this arcade is full of people. There is a freaking line to play the Tron game, which they have perfectly placed in the back with a little subtle cutout in the wall.
Once in a while, you'll see things glowing behind. I mean, it's perfect, this replica they've set up.
And they even created... This is the thing that just freaked me out. They created a game called Space Paranoids that they have in an arcade machine.
And it's clearly running on a PC because it doesn't use tokens, but it's like in a cabinet. And it's like a 3D game where you go around and shoot recognizers, but you only have so many bullets.
It's pretty hot.
I think that's their browser. They had a browser game that was like that.
Yeah, it's probably just the browser game like as an arcade machine, so that's what that is.
And I played Dig Dug, which is one of my favorite classic games. Tease me if you will.
But I walked out of there with the number one score on the machine, thank you very much.
Nice.
So yeah, I don't know if it resets every night or what, but hey, I was happy for a minute.
So it's whatever makes you happy, I guess. Even some pinball! They had a Whirlwind machine. Or what is that called? The one that blows the air on you?
Yeah, that's Whirlwind.
Yeah, pinball machine.
That's Whirlwind.
Yeah, some of that too. And they play 80s music very loudly while you're in there.
Lots of journey.
Yes. Like I heard of Bananarama and some of the stuff. But every time they play Journey is when the arcade will start flickering and kind of doing that very Disney effect.
If you are anywhere near SoCal, you gotta see it. Like if you're an arcade enthusiast, you gotta see it.
Like just at least once. It's a pretty cool thing to behold. I mean I can't say like it's a loan worth the, what is it, $90 price it costs for a one day park hopper or whatever.
That's pushing it. But if you're gonna be going to Disneyland anyway, you gotta like make sure you're gonna see this somehow.
I really hope that they went to all this work, that they just keep it open. Like really, they weren't using that building for anything else.
Just keep the damn thing open until you have something really, really good to replace it.
Because it looks like they spent a lot of money converting that building into Flynn's arcade. Don't, I mean even if they're gonna end Electronica, keep the freaking arcade.
Don't get rid of it. Please Disney.
So, yeah. Folks in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchrader.com.
Shezro says, wow, Flynn's replica. Nice. Yeah, I agree. It was pretty awesome.
Let's see. Bochikawa says, that sounds awesome. It was pretty awesome. I mean it was crowded though. I mean, gosh.
I only had time to really play like the one game. So there you go.
Tigerclaw says, Skye, are they blasting the Daft Punk soundtrack all over the park?
Actually, no. They don't. They do some of it, especially during the pre-show leading up to it.
But you know, when the dance party's going on, it's mostly Top 40 remix stuff.
But they have people decked out in Tron outfits that are like up there dancing.
And I felt kind of cool because when I say cool, like this is like super nerdy.
But I actually bought a replica identity disc that glows up when you hit a button on it.
And I was like carrying that around with me and my friend Melody who I was there with.
Because this is kind of our makeup trip from her birthday.
When the, I don't know if you remember this episode of OLR, when the plane caught on fire before us. Yeah.
This is our makeup trip because we didn't get to go that weekend.
She had two of the discs. One blue and one orange and like everybody was coming up to her asking her like where she got the discs.
And it was just from the freaking souvenir stores. And you can get the blue ones at Target actually.
They have them at Toys R Us.
Yeah. So they're not hard to find but it's just kind of funny.
So Zeba wants to know if I took any pics. Yes I did. I actually took some video too.
So I'll try to kind of put that all into a compilation video and upload that to YouTube or something if you want to see.
I'll try to get that up later.
Alright. Anyhow. So that was really it. That was Tigerclaw in our chat says top 40 music. Yuck.
I actually, I might be misrepresenting a little bit. It's a lot of remixes of top 40 music.
But Tigerclaw I know you like the electric and trance stuff and I think you would be happy with the stuff that they played.
They played some cool stuff.
So I know my friend constantly had her phone out with SoundHound or whatever that program is that lets you identify songs.
Like what's this electronic song? What's this song? So it's kind of a mix.
Okay. Let's move on and actually get into the show itself.
First some housekeeping. Please follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R and also you can follow us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Next week is the 400th episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be starting at 6 o'clock Pacific promptly 9 o'clock Eastern.
Bobby actually has the night off due to this.
There's some football game that people care about here that a lot of people are apparently going to be watching.
And we have the balls to go up against it.
But if you must listen on the podcast feed then I suppose you can join us there too.
But it'll be more fun I promise if you join us live next week for the 400th episode of O-L-R.
Alright let's get into tonight's gaming news.
There was some big stuff. Big conferences. Things to talk about right, Loki?
Yes. The big thing of course is talking about the NGP.
And the NGP is what I guess Sony is calling what everybody's pretty much dubbed the PSP2.
And it is one sexy looking piece of equipment there.
Of course they had a lot of the stuff that was rumored to be in there.
It's carrying a 5 inch OLED screen with pretty high resolution on it.
Four times the PSPs.
A front touch screen.
A rear touch pad.
3G Wi-Fi.
Bluetooth.
GPS.
Dual analog sticks.
And looks pretty awesome.
So yeah I've got to get one.
They didn't really give a price point.
It is supposed to be out at least in one region before the end of the year.
And I guess it looks like both the front and rear little touch pads are multi-touch.
It does have a front and rear camera as well.
Built in microphone. Of course it's also got 6 axis motion sensing.
Including a 3 axis gyroscope, 3 axis accelerometer, and 3 axis electronic compass.
Wait. You said something that I think I just totally missed during the press conference.
You said built in microphone?
Yes.
Is there a built in camera on this too?
Two. Front and back.
Oh this thing is going to have video conferencing then no question.
And that's something they didn't even really advertise.
Interesting. There's no other reason to put a front camera on the damn thing than to have some type of competing FaceTime technology or whatever you want to call it.
Something like that yeah.
And then Bluetooth and all sorts of other stuff.
But I'm pretty excited about it.
I mean a bunch of things I know they were mentioning of course it's going to be backwards compatible with PSP games like digital games so you can play PSP games on there.
PlayStation 1 games.
Yeah but wait a minute what if I have the games on UMD am I just kind of screwed?
Yep.
So it's compatible with PSP GO games?
But you'll be able to play that stuff on there and I would imagine that it's going to be fully compatible with the PlayStation 1 stuff now because now you have the dual analog sticks.
And they're saying that they're full analog sticks so I'm not sure if you can click down on them for the L3 and R3 stuff.
But as far as like the L2 buttons that right there is your back little touch pad you know you can just the right half is the right button the right the left half is the left button.
And then the shoulder buttons could be for everything else since I'd assume the multi touch stuff is probably going to be also pressure sensitive so that would be kind of sort of analog.
But that's pretty awesome and it looks very similar to what you know the normal PSP 3000 looks like right now.
They're going to also have I guess there's some some special slots for memory and games and stuff like that because obviously they're not using this type of rounds can be a proprietary format for both so it'll take just a little bit longer the crack I guess.
And then of course they were talking about some of the games that are going to be out for it as well.
Some of the games in the works Uncharted Killzone Resistance LittleBigPlanet and the game called Little Deviants which looks like the first kind of original game for the system.
Obviously you know most of their I'd say all of their big franchise games are going to be coming out there.
They did show Uncharted which is kind of interesting because Uncharted they had it where you could play it just like a normal PS3 game you know with the dual analog 6 and stuff like that.
Or you could actually play it with kind of like the touch panel like you could tap stuff and you know go to different spots.
So I guess trying to appeal to you know both hardcore gamer and casual you know phone gamer or whatever.
Other things that they were talking about coming out Call of Duty a game called Broken Gravity Days Hot Shots Golf Hustle Kings which is the billiards game.
Reality Fighters which is kind of an augmented reality fighting game which is kind of weird.
Resistance Smart As which sounds like a trivia game and Wipe Out.
That's not smart ass that's smart as.
Smart as.
Like smart as a 5th grader or something like that.
Gotcha.
I suppose.
Interesting.
Well they didn't name a price or a date but if you thought they were going to do that this early then you know you were kind of wishful thinking.
Because you know E3 is really the time to do that and let's face it when Nintendo first unveiled the 3DS they didn't say any of that either.
They just came out with the price and date what two months ago and now it's coming out in March.
So or no last month and it's coming out in March.
Are we talking about price and date for the 3DS?
Yeah it just came out a couple weeks ago.
Sorry I meant two months out of the actual release was when the dates came out.
So to think that Sony was going to release the release date of this and the price and everything now 11 months before release or whatever was a little bit no.
I bet they don't even know what it's going to cost yet.
They're probably trying to gauge the whole consumer reaction or also the price technology.
I mean it goes down so rapidly so who knows.
Price is kind of important obviously. I think it's too early to say if I really want to get one or not.
I think it really depends on what's all there when it comes out.
I'm definitely getting one just because I have store credit for the Sony store.
So $280 of that's already spoken for.
So as long as it's not like something stupid or ridiculous like $400 or even $400 might not be that bad with you know $280 taken out of the way.
I'm actually thinking $400 might not be completely out of the realm of possibility.
I don't think it's going to be $400 because it would be hard to justify a handheld system being more expensive than a console system.
Well here's the thing. You got to look at its competition.
I understand that.
I don't mean the 3DS.
I know what you're talking about.
The iPad.
And the iPad with 3G is what? $650 for the latest model?
Yeah but here's the thing.
Unless Sony wants to take the what I consider douchebaggy route of well you're paying for the Sony product.
The Sony name or level of you know wonderful that's in all of our products.
I'm sorry.
Apple may be able to get away with that because people have you know drank the Kool-Aid.
I mean honestly if I didn't get that iPod for free I would not be buying an iPod.
And I sure as hell am not buying an iPad.
I'm sorry but you know that may be if they want to play that gamble then go ahead.
But I think it's going to end up flopping on them just like you know the PSP Go.
Although this will be a little bit easier of an argument because it's you know a new system and stuff.
But you know they're talking that there's probably going to be multiple SKUs on it.
One for a 3G one for Wi-Fi.
Personally I'd just pick up the Wi-Fi one because I don't want a fucking another data plan.
Exactly.
Tethered to my fucking phone that's what I'm going to do.
I in dark he's gay in our chat room is dying for an educated guess from us gaming analysts.
Maha Maha Maha wants to know an educated guess for the price.
I'll give you my best guess.
I'm going to say three hundred dollars without 3G and four hundred dollars with it.
I think that's I think considering the level of technology they're trying to put in this thing and all these other little features and stuff.
I think that's not outside the realm of possibility.
However one big big wild card to keep in mind is Apple's next iPad.
Which they're going to have a big announcement and they're going to release it within the next couple months.
I mean that's you don't have to be an Apple psychic to know that.
So if they manage to really cut the cost of those things that could make Sony have to kind of do a counter move.
But seeing as I don't want to go too far out off base here.
But I believe those new iPads will probably have the same retina display that the iPhone 4's are using right now.
And it's going to make those things absolutely gorgeous.
They'll probably still be charging at least six hundred dollars if you want an iPad with 3GS.
So we'll see.
So Sony can still at least be cheaper than an iPad if they do that.
And I kind of think that's going to be where their niche could be.
Is that the Sony NGP could kind of be like cheaper than an iPad but does a lot of the same stuff.
At least as far as games are concerned.
So we'll see.
Rama Narachan says, can someone tell me what NGP stands for?
Next generation portable.
It is a working name like Natal was. Do not expect that to be the final name.
I would be very surprised if they really, I actually don't really care for that as a name.
Because, and somebody in the chat had said it earlier, by the time the NGP releases it's going to be the CGP.
The current generation portable.
So it would be a little silly for them to actually call it that.
Remember the Neptune.
That's right, huh?
The Dolphin was the Nintendo GameCube at one point.
Or the Revolution was the Wii.
So these code names, nothing new.
I'm very curious to see what they're going to name it.
I kind of don't think they would do PSP2.
It doesn't roll off the tongue as nicely as PSP.
You know what I mean?
I know that sounds really like nitpicky, but there's just something about, it's like all the extra syllables or something.
I know I'm being weird, but I just don't see PSP2 being it either.
I don't know. We'll see.
Let's talk a little more about what's going on with the new Sony system and it's this feature.
And I kind of like this, because I like to see what the systems are doing besides just remakes of the same old games now on a portable.
I like to know where are they going to be taking the games.
So I was very interested with this. Something called Live Area.
You might have seen some of the little promos, some of the arts.
This very bubbly sort of interface.
All these little bubbles. I don't know if they're taking a cue from Nintendo and making things a little bit cuter or whatever.
But one of the things in this interface is Live Area.
It's a game-oriented communication platform.
It's the name for the user interface that's built into the system.
That's what there will be instead of a cross-media bar.
And you're going to be able to get into the store, get into trophies, your friends list, a browser, and all this other stuff in there.
Every game is going to have Live Area presence as well.
Meaning that news can be fed right into the game and even other players that you're playing against.
Also, very interesting, there's going to be a Near Future.
It will track your location over time, create a map of where you've been, and I guess find other people that are playing games near you, physically.
So, could be interesting, could be scary.
You know, when I was first hearing about this, I don't know why, but something popped into my mind.
If they ever wanted to make Foursquare like an actual game, this might be the way to do it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, that could...
I don't know. I mean, I don't know what the game is there.
Sounds so handy for stalkers.
Yeah, so the privacy things on this are going to have to be very, you know, whatever.
It's kind of interesting, some of the cute things they do with GPS sometimes in games.
For example, earlier I was talking about my trip to Disneyland and one of the things that you could do is that there's actually a Disney game for Toy Story Midway Mania that you can buy on the iPhone.
Well, if you happen to be in front of the ride and you launch the game, you get like a bonus feature that will unlock like, I don't know what it is, like a new background or a new gun or a new stage.
Something special that you can only get when the GPS knows you are at the damn ride at Disneyland or Disney World because they have it too.
So, it will be interesting to see kind of what the GPS technology kind of brings to games.
Very curious.
And people, you know what?
That Pokémon thing with the walking trainer and all that was really popular.
So, it's not outside the realm of possibility that people kind of like these ideas of being rewarded for going places.
3DS is doing something similar too with the whole coins thing, built-in pedometer.
So, it will be interesting.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Well, news for our UK listeners.
The 3DS eShop is actually not going to, well, is not going to go live like they said it would with launch.
They actually said that it's going to go live in May.
Now, Nintendo UK said that it was going to be there with the launch, but Iwata basically said, nope, nope, nope.
The first system update is scheduled for late May, the same time around the world.
So, it's not just them. It's everybody.
I wish I'm glad Iwata came out and actually said something himself.
But, you know, they need to make sure that all of their reps are on the same page.
Don't you think?
Yeah, it kind of makes it sound like they don't even know when the damn thing is launching.
Kind of like, it'll be done when it's done.
It's going to be out in Europe on March 25th, but we won't have the eShop until the first system update.
It's just going to be in May.
Does it seem now that maybe they're rushing the 3DS a little bit?
Like, maybe they should have just waited to release it until summertime.
I mean, maybe there's something about May, like why you have to release it in that type of timeframe or something like that.
But, I'm sorry, March? I don't know why they couldn't have delayed this a little bit if it's not really ready.
I mean, they're going to sell most of these at Christmas time anyway, right?
That would be reasonable to me.
I don't know.
And I also say that because of the launch games.
You know, it kind of doesn't have the must-have title that's going to be out at launch.
I mean, probably the coolest stuff that's coming out of launch is what? The Street Fighter game?
The Dead or Alive game, maybe?
And maybe Nintendogs and Cats, if that's what you're into.
You know, but that's kind of a stretch for like a must-have launch title.
You know, that Kid Icarus game didn't make it.
You know, we haven't heard of the Zelda remake or any of that.
You know, none of that kind of made the launch.
So, I don't know.
What do you guys in our chat room think? chat.orangesoundsready.com
Well, I was going to say actually it does seem like that they're like,
Well, either we wait and put everything out together or we at least get the system out,
get some early sales going on.
And then once everyone sees what else is on the eShop, then we get another boost in sales come May.
That's sort of what I'm seeing of.
Go to our chat room at chat.orangesoundsready.com.
We're reading some comments from some of these other things we've been talking about.
Yizam says, The Pokewalker was awesome. Walk up to your fellow trainer and ask if they'd like to touch balls.
I saw a lot of that happening at PAX East last year when I went.
Spassinator says, I'm a bit paranoid about taking portable stuff out and about,
if only because I live in a rough neighborhood and I don't want to be jumped and robbed.
It's actually not a bad point.
Not everybody's going to want to find the players near them. You know what I mean?
That could be a little scary.
And I apologize if I'm pronouncing this name incorrectly.
Niparos says, It does seem Netflix has Ren and Stimpy.
Since we were wondering that earlier. Thanks for checking. Appreciate that.
Good to know.
Well, you know, the other thing too is that something like that actually might work in Japan.
Because you remember with all the stuff that was happening with Monster Hunter.
You know, that was such a big thing and people would just randomly challenge it.
It was a Nintendogs thing. That's something that I think would happen more often in Japan.
But not so much here.
Years ago, the barcode scanner.
You just got people that are more into it who will go to the cons and just walk through the street.
Oh god, I forgot about that game.
There was some type of battle game that was battle barcodes or something.
I remember that.
And they sold out of this one brand of ramen or something.
Because it created some uber monster.
And then there was the CD one.
What was the game that you put in your CD and you get a different monster based on the CD?
And you got this great monster by using Madonna?
Totally don't know.
But now it would be too easy to just burn your own CD.
Because obviously it was measuring track length and number of tracks or something. Interesting.
Alright, let's go to the next story then.
We'll chew on this 3DS news a little bit.
See what happens closer to launch.
And now back to more Sony news.
We talked about last week how the people figured out ways to load custom firmwares and stuff like that on their PS3.
So what's the first thing that happens when they do that?
Of course, release new PS3 firmware update or this could even go for the PSP.
And patch all that stuff out.
Or at least try to break it.
So that's what they did.
They released 3.56 firmware.
It adds no functionality whatsoever other than a security patch.
And it basically changed some of the keys on different things.
Kind of set everyone back a little bit in the hacking community because they don't have a way to modify the firmware yet.
Another thing it did is it banned people from playing black ops that were cheating.
Or were using modified game saves and other methods to cheat the game.
And they've permanently banned those people from playing black ops in multiplayer.
Yay! Cheaters get smacked down.
You just think about that future cheaters.
It's one thing if you want to cheat amongst people you know.
I don't care if you cheat in single player where you're not going online or any of that.
Or if you cheat with friends.
But going just to be power tripping in random online matches is a dick thing to do.
Dicks deserve to have dick things happen to them in return.
And you remember how they were saying,
Oh well there's no way for us to possibly stop these guys from cheating on our games.
There's no way. Oh poor us Activision.
Yeah I do remember that. That was funny.
Weren't they trying to use that as an excuse or something?
Well now that excuse is out of the way and hopefully they're going to fix everything.
I do believe there was a patch for the PS3 version as well to fix some stuff.
But now it's not an excuse.
Alright. Let me move on to what's coming in a future PS3 update if the rumors are to be believed.
And I would believe this actually.
Apparently there are some folks in the development community that are getting notices from Sony saying that in firmware 3.60
cloud storage for saved games will be available.
It's called online saving. They're not calling it cloud saving.
Maybe make everybody think of Final Fantasy 7. I don't know.
But they're calling it online saving.
This means that you could actually save files on a remote server.
So that way if I'm playing a game at home I could save to the online save and then access this at my friend's house.
That would be kind of cool.
There you go.
By the way this feature will only be available of course to PlayStation Plus subscribers.
Ha ha ha.
So there you go.
And this doesn't surprise me at all.
I seem to remember when they first announced the PlayStation Plus that this was one of the features they were touting.
So it's not too surprising that this is finally coming out.
Kind of a neat idea.
You know I kind of like that idea.
And if you go to your friend's houses and sometimes forget your save files.
Or hauling the memory cards around is too big of a bitch or whatever.
You know or you forget then it's a neat idea.
I kind of wish Microsoft had one too that didn't involve save cards.
So I think it's neat.
I don't know is this a feature you'd use?
I don't think anyone in here uses PlayStation Plus right now.
Is this something that might make you want to get it?
Nope.
No? Why not?
Because I don't ever take my game saves anywhere other than you know on my PS3.
And if I really was you know aching to do that I could just throw it on a jump drive.
Dark Sakura? Anything that would interest you?
It's a neat idea.
It's a fun concept but I don't I'd have to see it more in practice before I make a judgment on it.
Honestly.
This would have been perfect in like the college dorm where everybody had a video game system.
And you're going from like room to room.
That would have been great.
You know it would have been something like that would have been cool back in the the DVR edit days.
You know.
Let's see.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com.
Tigerclaw says so Sky is saying I don't care if you're autistic you're still a cheater.
Oh boy.
He's invoking a story which didn't make our show world tonight.
Maybe you've heard of it.
But Microsoft banned this kid and the mom was all over the media saying he's autistic and he's just really good at games.
And Microsoft's like no we caught him cheating.
He's banned from the network just like anybody else would be.
And turns out it came to light.
Yes he was doing that whole save file exploit thing where he could unlock achievements from opening up a save file.
And so yeah.
I don't care if you're autistic.
If you cheat you're a cheater and you should be dealt with appropriately.
I agree.
That has nothing to do with the end result.
Totally agree.
It doesn't matter the color of your skin, the sexuality, any type of handicap you might have.
Physical, mental.
Cheating is cheating.
Period.
You know what I mean.
It's just a little silly.
I like how, and this is all I'm going to say on it.
I like how when you know someone with a disability or you know some persecuted group will just come right out and say oh well you're doing it because of this this and this.
No you wanted to be treated like everybody else right?
How far do I want to go with this? How controversial do I want to be on the show?
There's a difference between actually singling somebody out and then treating somebody like everybody else.
Alright. Do you guys remember there was that burger joint in Town Town that was very popular.
It was all over the Food Network shows.
And they ended up getting sued by the American Disability Association or whatever because apparently the place was called the Squeeze In.
And it kind of made its whole little reputation off of being packed and crowded all of the time.
And some folks sued them based on disability needs and the damn place almost closed.
That's ridiculous.
And I kind of, I agree. And here's the thing.
Well technically it did close.
It did close and it had to reopen in a new location.
But they, and this is important to say, all you had to do was to honk your horn outside the restaurant and they would have served you whatever.
I mean they, you did not have to actually go into the restaurant.
So I don't think anyone was like totally being discriminated against or what have you.
You know? It just kind of struck me as, you know, ruining it for everyone. I don't know.
No, I agree.
It was a mess. But at the same time, that place never got more publicity than when that whole thing happened.
You know what I mean?
So, I don't care.
Alright. Let's see. Moving on to the chat room.
Spaznator in our chat room says, disability is no excuse to cheat.
I'm disabled myself and I refuse to cheat.
If I can do it just as good, if not better, at a game, I wear that fact as a badge of friggin' honor.
I agree. It's a good one.
I gotta read this comment from Derek H. Maybe lighten the mood a little bit too.
At our chatroom at chat.orangemantraded.com, Derek H says, confirmed.
Rob says, it's okay to cheat with friends.
I think a lot of bored housewives share the same philosophy.
So are you saying that the mailman is a friend?
I'm not sure quite what you're saying there.
Alright.
Well if you're fucking him, he is.
I think you know what I meant.
It's okay if you're a bored housewife cheating in...
What would bored housewives play? Final Fantasy XI?
Bunko.
Bunko. If you're all cheating in Bunko, you have...
Do they even have Bunko on Xbox Live Arcade or anything like that?
No.
That's a whole niche market they're missing out on.
If you have house rules for Bunko, then that's fine.
You know what I would actually compare it to?
And this is totally not what Derek meant by his comment, but too late.
You know in Monopoly, a lot of people say that every time you pay fines,
you're supposed to put it in the center of the board,
and if you land on free parking, you get the jackpot?
That's a house rule.
That's a house rule. That's not a rule. That's cheating.
You're cheating.
But you agree to house rules because it's kind of how you play with friends, right?
So, anyhow.
Let's move on.
More stories, Loki.
Okay, so this is kind of more about the whole firmware updates and whatnot.
It ties in to all that.
Sony, of course, was granted a temporary restraining order against GeoHot.
Basically preventing him from offering to the public, creating, posting online,
marketing, advertising, promoting, installing, distributing, providing,
or otherwise trafficking in any software or methods for circumventing PS3 protection methods.
No longer can he provide links from any websites to any other websites relating to such matters
or publish any information obtained by hacking the PS3,
and more to the point, he can no longer engage in acts of circumvention of the TPMS
in the PS3 system to access, obtain, remove, or traffic in copyrighted works.
Which I don't think he was doing anyways.
And then, of course, there's still issues about the whole jurisdiction issues
since, of course, he resides in a different state than Sony
and a different state from where the claim was filed.
And they're saying that because he purposefully directed his activities at the forum state of California,
they're letting it go through.
So that's kind of, that's not a good precedent to be setting by the courts,
saying, oh, well, because you conducted yourself on a website that was located in California,
we can try you in California.
So, you know, anybody who uses Facebook or Twitter or whatever can be tried in California,
no matter where you are in the world, I guess.
I find this comment from our chatroom interesting.
I have to ask Loki about it here.
It's from Napreos.
I finally figured out how to pronounce the name.
Napreos says, F-G-O-HOT.
He deserves it, cocky bastard.
Now, I haven't really seen this guy in action.
I realize he's been in the media and so forth, but is that, like, a legitimate claim?
Is he really cocky?
Like, did he kind of have it coming to him?
I don't know if he's cocky, but it all comes down to, I mean, this is just part of the discovery phase of the whole trial.
It's not like Sony is getting his equipment.
I mean, they'll have access to it along with the lawyers, you know, to kind of make sure no funny business is going on,
but it's not like this stuff gets shipped to Sony.
And even still, it doesn't even really matter.
Like I said, this whole trial isn't necessarily about, you know, what GeoHot's doing, because there's plenty of other people.
I mean, all he did was post the keys.
He didn't create the custom firmwares that are out there.
He didn't, you know, create the abilities to play backup games.
That was other people.
And they've actually gone and they've been doing cease and desists on different websites, hosting files and whatnot,
but now people have kind of diverted that stuff to a file hosting place off-sea, you know, in other countries.
So they can't be touched, I guess.
Let me play devil's advocate here for a minute.
Not that I necessarily feel this way, but wouldn't that sort of be the equivalent of you shut down a file sharing site such as Pirate Bay or whatever,
because they're enabling people to facilitate illegal downloads.
They're not posting the illegal downloads themselves, but because they facilitate it, they're the ones that get in trouble.
I would say that would make sense if you're basically... if he was releasing the backup creator for it.
Yes, this could be used for legitimate backups, but some people might not use it for that.
That's not what he's doing at all.
This is basically saying, I guess it would be the equivalent of a car salesman handing you the keys to a car and you go hit someone with that car.
They're enabling you to get in that car and murder someone with that car, so they should be held liable for it.
That's basically what the equivalent of it is.
Dealerships actually do have liability against that type of thing.
But it's retarded. I understand that they may get away with that in the laws in the United States because it's absolutely retarded,
but people can sue and win for hot coffee.
Granted, he posted stuff, keys, and I'm sure that they don't want people obviously giving them backdoor access to the entire PS3,
but what he's done, yes, may eventually lead to piracy or easier piracy on PlayStation 3,
because these tools allow people to run unsigned code and people can create unsigned programs for piracy purposes,
but also they can create code for other things.
So it's not necessarily that he's directly responsible for it, but yes, he plays a part of that, I guess.
But once again, this court case isn't about necessarily him hacking stuff.
It's about whether you own that console that you purchased.
I was going to say, and this is a great comment from Bob Coffey in our chat room here,
Hackers aren't cheaters. The trial isn't about hacking. The trial is about your rights as a consumer,
not about CFW or any shit at that. The real precedent this may set is,
do you own the computing product you buy, or is it a licensed product?
Interesting note to end it on. I guess we'll see what develops with this.
Any rumors about, or any rumbling about any pushback, appeals, things of that nature? What happens next?
Well, they've already filed an appeal to have the whole case, you know, dismissed,
but I don't think, it doesn't sound like that the judge is going for that.
So at this point, I don't know, it's going to be tough to prove that he did all this stuff, or he's actually doing it.
The problem is that somebody's claiming all these things that obviously aren't true.
Like they're saying, oh yes, he's pirating stuff, or he's enabled it for people to pirate stuff.
When they initially made that statement, that was not the case.
Now it may be the case, because now there's the ability to do that, but it wasn't anything he did.
So, I don't know, it's difficult to, it all depends on how intelligent the court, the judges and stuff like that,
and whether she's going to buy into this retarded nonsense.
Alright, well we will see what develops. I'm sure we have not said the last on this,
so let's go ahead and move on to some release dates, and travel the world and see what is coming out in a video game store near you this week.
Not a whole lot this week actually, it's pretty sad, but there will be some better stuff in the upcoming month.
This week, they've got a track pack for Rock Band.
If you're missing out on some country music, there's a second country track pack coming out this week on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii.
Let's see, some other smaller games, Junior Brain Trainer 2 is making its way out on DS.
The Sims 3 Outdoor Living, it's kind of an expansion pack for The Sims 3, that's coming out on PC.
That's funny. On PC they have a game called The Ball.
Apparently someone took my advice and made a game about ball.
Wow!
That is coming out on PC.
And then of course, a week from today, sort of, Mario Sports Mix will be out on the Wii.
That's it?
Yeah.
Wow.
It's a really, really dead week.
Is there a reason for that? Is that just because of the 3DS?
Not yet into the middle of February. February is a pretty light month.
I mean, it's more games than there would be in January, but it's not March.
Alright. Well, let's move on and look at Japan and what they've got coming out.
I gotta tell you, it's kind of the same thing. They don't have a whole lot coming out.
There's a couple things to note. Dodonpachi Daifukutsu Black Label comes out.
That's a cave shooter coming out on the Xbox 360.
That is coming out on February the 3rd because they get a lot of those shooters over there where it's just pretty much that little center of the screen getting taken up with a shooter.
But quite an audience for the shmups over here too.
So you can check that out.
Also, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 gets its localized edition on the Xbox 360 this week.
That is also coming out on the PlayStation 3 and that's the only PS3 release this week in Japan.
Going to the Nintendo Wii real quick.
Nothing.
Things are dying down on the Nintendo front, of course, because of the 3DS's impending release on February 26th over there.
Although the Nintendo DS does have a couple things to note.
Dragon Ball Ultimate Butou 2 Den comes out this week from Namco Bandai.
Also, Gyakuten Kenji 2 comes out this week.
That is in a regular and a limited edition. It's coming out from Capcom.
I believe that is a Phoenix Wright spinoff game.
That comes out this week.
It definitely has some of the same characters in that series.
I think this looks to be a little more like walking around adventure-y type of game, but I'm sure still the whole courtroom scenes and objections that you know and love.
Moving on quickly to the PSP.
There's a release on there that some folks might be interested in.
White Knight Chronicles Episode Portable Dogma Wars comes out this week.
That's an official Sony product from Sony Computer Entertainment in Japan this week.
It'll be interesting to see what they improved on in the PS3 version, if anything.
Also on the PSP, Macross Triangle Frontier.
And that does it for your Japanese releases.
Wait, that's the Macross Frontier game?
Yeah, Macross Triangle Frontier.
Let me see, because Macross Frontier is the...
Yeah, that's for the new one that came out.
The new series it was out.
Which Dan and I watched all the way through. It's really good.
So this looks really cool.
Looks kind of like a 3D shooter game.
Not like a typical shmup. More of like a polygon-y shmup game.
We're big fans of the Macross games. I bet it's a lot like the VFR games.
Actually, we've got Macross M3 for Dreamcast, which is a really good game.
So yeah, I love the Macross games.
Was that Japan?
That's it for Japan.
In the UK, February 2nd, we have Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
We have long cookies.
On the 4th, we have Earthrise, Lord of Arcana.
Mario vs. Donkey Kong Mini Land Mayhem. Nailed.
Sega Mega Drive Classics Volume 4 and Two Worlds 2.
That's it.
Let's move on with some more stories.
And the Classic Game of the Week is just ahead.
I don't know what's more ridiculous.
The whole lawsuit that this company is facing or the name of this game.
But Facebook game Blingville is getting the cease and desist from Zynga.
Apparently Zynga believes that they own the rights to the use of Ville in any product.
I guess it's out there.
Gosh, what are you, the new monster cables? Seriously.
I'm going to start suing everybody for using Ville or Doodle or Monster.
But apparently, they have a...
Send a cease and desist to Blingville LLC.
A unique company name, I suppose.
The creators of the Facebook game, of course, has the same name.
According to Zynga, the use of Ville in the game and the company's moniker infringes on its own collection of social gaming trademarks.
Blingville, of course, associated with Zynga in any way, has filed a letter to the West Virginia US District Court seeking a declaration from the court that the game does not actually infringe on Zynga's trademarks.
The studio also hopes to have Zynga foot the bill for any legal fees potentially accrued during the legal battle.
And I guess right now, it's just a matter of time to see what happens.
I love Breslull's comment in our chat room. Cruella de Vil? Will they be suing Disney?
I think that's possible.
Come on, Zynga.
I kind of find it to be a taste of their own medicine a little bit. Wasn't Farmville like a rip-off of Farm Town? Which of those two came first?
It was Farm Town.
Ah, so, I mean, come on, Zynga.
Whatever. Zynga's, like, evil, okay? And that's all it comes down to.
People hate Zynga. Like, they don't have any original content. It's just ripped off from stuff.
And now they're suing people out of the way because they may come in and start taking away some of the money that Farmville or Cityville or, I don't know, whatever.
Just because you have names of stuff that end with a Ville does not mean all of a sudden you own the trademark to Ville.
They're gonna sue Danville next.
I think the people that made Farm Town should sue them because they started farm games, honestly.
If that lawsuit didn't already happen.
Yeah, I'm looking at Wikipedia. I mean, I know it's not a definitive resource, but it's a pretty good place to start researching.
And I do notice it says Farmville started as a clone of the popular Farm Town, which also featured on Facebook in June 2009.
And there are some citations for that.
What's the other big Zynga game? Isn't Yeoville another big one? Do they even have that?
I don't know. Let me see. I thought that's what it was called. I don't see an article on that.
What are the other big Zynga games out there? I wanna know if they were not those two.
Texas Hold'em.
Really?
Dan plays that.
Ugh. Um. Let's see. I'm trying to see if they have like a list of games somewhere here. Oh, here we go.
Mafia Wars. Wasn't that a knockoff of a game, too?
I know this is a very exciting radio. Yeah.
The makers of a similar online game, Mob Wars, sued Zynga over the launch of Mafia Wars, accusing them of copyright infringement.
Frontierville. That's the other big one, too.
That's the one I always see on my stupid wall. I don't think that was necessarily a ripoff of anything, though.
Interesting.
Alright.
I just think all of thoseville games are a waste of time.
You know, I would sit here and criticize it, but then, again, I can't stop playing that stupid Knights of the Clicky.
Or, what is it really called? Knights of the Crystal is the real name of the game.
That Square Enix one. Can't stop playing it. It's the dumbest game ever, but I just keep clickin'.
Click, click, click. Keep doing quests. The artwork's really good, at least. I can say that. Get away with that.
Alright, here's a more respectable game I'm getting excited about. Portal 2. Of course, Portal 2 is coming out soon.
I guess that's really a relative term, but it's coming out within the next few months.
Portal 2 is going to be coming out, of course, on the PC and the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
But we had some news, of course, last week about how PlayStation 3 is supposed to be the definitive version.
Well, there's going to be a lot of cool stuff on the PC version as well, including mod tools.
You know, what is a Valve game that doesn't have some mod tools available for it?
And some mod tools will be available on the PC version of Portal 2.
Unfortunately, that content is not going to be available on the 360 or the PS3, meaning the mod tools.
However, what they're saying, and this is a quote from Chet Felizic, who is from Valve, saying,
The content that comes out is agnostic, and so we will be seeing that on all platforms.
Depending on the platform you're on, I should say, will depend on how we're delivering it.
Meaning that, you know, the content that you make, it could come out on the PS3 or it could come out on the 360.
Perhaps it's some type of download content, maybe a best of on the PC.
But if you are really into the user content, then maybe you ought to think about that when you decide which system you're going to purchase the game on.
By the way, they are also saying that each of the game's two campaign modes will have individual surprise rewards when you beat them.
So single player has one reward, co-op has another.
There are two sets of credits and two sets of endings. Interesting.
So if you really want to get the full game, you're going to have to play single and you're going to have to play co-op.
That should be very interesting.
So there you go, Portal 2 coming out whenever Valve's ready. I know there's a release date out there somewhere, but I refuse to believe anything final until the game is actually out on shelves.
If you need something to play in the meantime, how about the classic game of the week?
It's a chance for DarkSakura to dive into the gaming vault and pick a game that she thinks, hey, you kids ought to be playing this.
This is a true classic game.
And instead of all this newfangled Farmville crap, and I mean crap...
Get off my lawn.
Go play this game instead and get off my lawn.
Alright, what is the classic game of the week?
Pull up your pants.
What is the classic game of the week, DarkSakura?
I think that the chat room will be able to tell the moment the music plays.
Well then, let me pull up the little music here and...
And whoever guesses first in the chat room, I'm looking, gets a no prize.
Alright, I'm looking at you, chat room.
They're on to like a minute delay, so you might want to see it for a little bit.
Okay. Well, it is Final Fantasy VI, or as we got it over here, Final Fantasy III.
And it is one of my all-time favorite games because of this music.
This music is epic. It makes me want to climb a mountain.
It had a great, great, great story.
It had really amazing classic scenes, like the Opera House, which of course everyone knows.
This whole music plays when they're in their little machine walker things.
And Bojikawa gets the no prize, by the way.
It was just amazing.
This game came out in 1994 in Japan, and then it came out in 1999 on the PlayStation.
It was amazing, like I've said a bunch of times.
It's actually sort of based about the second industrial revolution,
meaning that it's got the sort of technical aspects into the game.
Character designs were done by Yoshitaka Amano,
and he did pretty much everything with that game as far as the character designs and whatnot.
Well, actually also he and Yoshinori Kitase,
and then of course the composer for the music was Nobuo Uematsu, so it was really good.
It had random encounters, and you had chocobos in your airship,
and it was just everything that one expects to be in a Final Fantasy game.
You had an active time battle system, you had four players per party,
and you could also change your main person walking around, I think by hitting one of the shoulder buttons.
You had your thief, you had the runic ability, which was absorbing magic attacks until the next turn.
That was Selle's.
All kinds of different stuff.
Then you had your special hidden characters like Gao, who was the monster mimic.
And you had a Moogle, who...
Why can't I remember the Moogle's name?
Anyway, Mog, yes, thank you, it was Mog.
Because Mog house.
But anyway, he had dances, which was always really fun.
Dude, it was all about Realm, who had the drawing attack.
That was really sick.
So yeah, it had all kinds of neat stuff.
It's very steampunky in ways too, combining technology and magic.
And it had the most insane bad guy ever, Kefka, who just had this funny, funny laugh.
And...
I know, right?
Oh, and don't forget, the man.
If you can find the music rub, you should play it. Shadow.
If I can find it.
Because he was freaking amazing.
But yeah, it actually had alterations made in some of the character sprites.
For example, there was this one character who you could see her naked butt, and they covered her butt up.
You know, some of the item names were changed here and there, especially for the PlayStation release.
Yo, you found it.
This is also the good music of the game.
Turn it up a little bit wrong.
What did you say?
Dan said he would slit his mama's throat for...
I know, but I forgot the line.
Wasn't Shadow, like, wasn't the whole thing that Shadow's a chick?
No.
I thought, isn't Shadow supposed to be, like, Realm's mom or something?
Realm's father. Oh, okay.
Hinted app, but never confirmed.
Dan's talking off mic.
That'll be confirmed in Final Fantasy VI, too.
When Square gets around to making that.
But, I mean, and keep in mind, you know, they used the characters from this for doing the Nintendo 64 demo, remember?
When they were gonna put Final Fantasy VII on the Nintendo 64.
Which the demo is kinda weird looking, but it was neat at the same time.
But this was seriously...
I think it has to be one of the highlights of the series.
Definitely one of the highlights of the series.
And there's also discussion about it being remade for the 3DS. I think that's pretty cool.
That'd be neat.
Yeah.
But, yeah. There we go.
There it is, folks. Your classic game of the week, Final Fantasy VI.
Or as you might call it, it's so good it's Final Fantasy sex.
I don't know. It's up to you.
Alright, that's gonna do it for Part A tonight of Orange Lounge Radio.
But don't go anywhere, guys. We're not done with the show yet.
Part B is coming up. We have more news for you guys.
We're gonna talk about an interesting funding program for independent video games.
We'll get into that.
Some clarity on the next wave of 3DS games, including Kid Icarus and some other things.
Some developments in that whole Sarian.net thing.
Remember how you could play like King's Quest on your iPad?
We have some updates on that.
We're gonna get into all that in Part B as well as your Twitter topics.
So get them in at OLR on Twitter.
Your emails and much more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday, January the 30th of 2011 for the 399th episode of our show.
That's right. We hit a little bit of a milestone next week.
And then I get to start saying four a lot.
No plans of ending anytime soon.
We'll still be here until, I don't know, one of us is hospitalized for a long time or something.
I shouldn't say something like that. God, I hope nothing like that ever happens.
Anyhow, meanwhile, we also have side projects.
Like this thing's been going on so long that now everybody wants to do their side project.
Not everyone.
Not everyone. Well, Loki, your baby is your side project. That's kind of...
18 years worth of side projects.
Even if it wasn't.
That's right. Josh, the... I don't know. I would love to hear Nellie do a podcast about video games because she kind of hates them all.
Well, she's like, I have to always stay here and watch the baby.
I was like, well, you can go do the show. I'll stay here and watch the baby.
I was like, okay.
That would be fun. I think on April Fool's Day, you should send Nellie over.
We'll make her read stories and everything.
She'll be like, I don't even know what this says. This is just words.
What is this? You guys, what is this?
You guys care about this stuff?
She's welcome to bring Josh over.
That's right, yeah.
And then I'll watch the baby and she can read my stories.
He's sick right now. He can't come over.
All right. Anyhow.
Other things to talk about that's going on. Spinoff shows, sideshows.
Dark Sakura does a comic book one every week. Tell us about it.
It's called Comic Insanity.
And we basically just talk about, you know, what's coming out this week, every Wednesday.
And the show goes up on Tuesday, ideally.
And, you know, we talk about what we're reading, what we're looking forward to.
We all have a pick that all three of us are going to read.
And then we also review different things that we've read.
Like, for example, we all just read, excuse me, IDW's Infestation.
I think it was Infestation. Yeah.
Which, you know, we all gave our reviews on it. I hated it.
And, you know, talked about other comics that we read.
Next week, if you want to hear our review on a comic called Witchfinder,
then we will be reviewing that one next week.
We also have an app for Android, so you can listen to episodes and tweet us.
We have our iPhone app coming soon.
Want to know our app for Android? What the hey?
I'm working on this.
All right. I want to know more about this.
But I just found out about it.
Okay. That's fine.
So, yeah. And you can find us on Infamous.net and F-A-M-O-U-S.net.
Awesome.
Hoard House. The best little Hoard House in Azeroth if you want more Warcraft talk.
And how could you possibly want more after this show?
No, there's a whole show I have with my pal Xtaphir that we talk about Warcraft.
Didn't have a show this week, so I can't tell you what was going on.
Xtaphir had an emergency he had to deal with, so we didn't have a show this week.
But we are going to be back next week talking about, you know,
what's going on in the world of Warcraft.
And there's a new patch on the horizon that's likely to drop this week,
so I'm sure there's going to be a lot of talk about some of the changes they make this week.
They already put up a patch, didn't they?
Well, they patch that game all the time.
Oh, no, because I upgraded to Cataclysm and that's when mine patched.
Got it. Yeah, that's the patch you're thinking of.
But there is a new, it's the post-Cataclysm patch that fixes some of the problems.
That fixed the arcane?
Yeah. Well, I don't know if I'd go that far.
But we'll be talking about some of that next week on the show.
Also, Bresloul would slap me in the face if I did not mention what's going on with
U.S.L. Madness.
Understation Live's little tournament that they do where they try to find the best
video game of all time, time, time, time, time.
Vote now. All the links are in our forums at
orangesloudestrader.com. Check the U.S.L. Madness forum.
Which we know what's going to win, and I know it's not on any of the lists,
but it's going to be a write-in winner.
You watch Barbie Horse Adventures.
It's going to be a dark horse.
I'm not, literally, I'm not sure that there's a write-in thing you can do after
the beginning, but if there's a way to hack it, Loki will.
Loki will hack the results of U.S.L. Madness. Just watch.
They'll all be Barbie Horse Adventure.
It'll all be Barbie Horse Adventure.
And then I have to say this. Bobby, the gentleman who does the show before us,
the Bobby Black Wolf show, it's fantastic.
Live at All Games Radio. Look it up on iTunes. Subscribe.
He mentioned on his show tonight, he was reviewing the game Two Worlds 2,
and he talked for a long time about this game.
I haven't even touched the game yet.
The first one was so bad, from what I heard, that I had no interest in the
second one, but apparently the second one fixes a lot of problems.
There's a lot of funny references in it, and one of the screenshots she sent us
is a character saying, or you can choose between an option, saying,
I'll do it, and, well, I'm pleased to inform you that you can now ask
Mr. Mirage to die in a fire. That's right.
The die in a fire reference has made it into a video game.
There you go.
If you said die in a boat fire, then we know that they were listening to OLR,
because I don't think you hear that expression anywhere else.
But if you have never heard die in a boat fire before, Dark Soccer's eating,
so I'll have to explain it to you.
Oh, Dark Soccer's gonna chew, chew, chew.
Okay.
Okay, die in a boat fire.
Sorry, I'm eating unagi.
Why would you tell someone to die in a boat fire?
Because you'd either drown to death because you couldn't get back in the boat
because it was on fire, or you would burn to death out of fear of drowning.
There you go.
I think it should actually be an oil tanker fire.
Because then the water will be on fire, too.
That's the worst kind of fire. It's like, how do I put it out?
The water's on fire.
Exactly.
It's just more fire.
Wow. All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
We gotta get to some rapid news, a lot of quick stories.
We have a lot tonight between Logie and myself doing some quick news tonight.
Logie?
Yes, two great games from my childhood coming back on Facebook.
You know, I think it's awesome.
Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego are coming back.
They're making their return.
Of course, getting a little bit of a facelift as well.
I believe the Oregon Trail one is actually the one that's been on the phones for a while now.
Judging by the screenshots, it kind of resembles that.
I'm not sure if that's entirely accurate, but who cares?
It's awesome. Carmen Sandiego and Oregon Trail.
Seriously, kids need to grow up on that.
That should be required PC game playing as part of your curriculum in grade school.
And I hope to hell, I hope to hell this song is in it.
Because if they don't have this song in it, then seriously, fuck this game.
What about an alternative rock edition of that song?
I might be okay with that. Like a death metal version of this.
Tell me where in the world is Carmen Sandiego.
Gwar, now doing the theme to where in the world is Carmen Sandiego.
Oh, she's in my pants.
But yeah, that's going to be coming out very soon.
February 2nd, the Oregon Trail will be coming.
And then February 9th, very next week, Carmen Sandiego.
So that's pretty awesome.
So Rob, are you going to be playing these on Facebook?
I'll at least check them out at least once.
You know you have to try at least the Carmen Sandiego one, so I can post to my wall.
Rob has found Carmen Sandiego. She was under the mattress the whole time.
Click here to find her.
It's annoying because we had these giant posters in our computer lab with different country flags and stuff like that.
You have to know geography and stuff like that. I don't know geography. I'm good at the Oregon Trail.
I can shoot animals. That's fine.
I was always super good at where in time was Carmen Sandiego because I am a big history nerd.
I have been since I was a little kid.
You're just a big nerd, and you have been since you were a little kid.
Yeah, I am.
And that's why we love you.
I was going to say, the Oregon Trail, you know in this one, if it's not already out, in this one, you will be able to pick your friends,
like literally from your friends list that will go on the Oregon Trail with you, so I can post to your wall like,
Hi, Jamie. You just, Jamie, insert real last name here, you just died of dysentery on Rob's Oregon Trail.
Click here to find the cure.
I'm so going to play that.
It's called modern medicine.
Here, drink this. We don't know what's in it, but the snake oil lady said it would help.
Why can't we get like further expansions to the Oregon Trail like, you know, zombies.
Zombies have attacked your party.
Oregon Trail 2. Fuck it, we're going back.
Wagons East. Sorry, Chris Farley.
Or no, not Chris Farley, I'm sorry, that's even before Chris Farley.
That's John Candy.
That was Canadian Bacon was the other one, remember that?
Invading Canada.
Alright, anyhow.
So the Japanese folks are getting their hands on Scribblenauts,
and they're also getting their hands on a few additional characters and objects added in thanks to a translation from Konami.
The Japanese version will feature some wonderful Konami staples, including Old Snake from Metal Gear Solid 4,
Gradis' Vic Viper, and Love Plus' Manaka Tanake.
And where is Twinbee?
Where, may I ask, is Twinbee?
I don't know, well these are just the screenshots that were posted.
Maybe there are more things in there, maybe people haven't tried Twinbee.
Okay, alright, fair enough.
DDR machine.
That's kind of cool though, since a different company kind of works with it in another country,
it gets some extra easter eggs, it's kind of cool.
It's also rumored that if you type in failure, a version of Rock Revolution appears.
Miserable failure. Oh, it's a copy of Rock Revolution.
Thanks to a financial quarterly report from Nintendo, a new Kirby sequel is coming from the developer HAL,
and they have a teaser actually for it, and apparently it looks like a 3D Kirby game, just not all yarny.
So it is going to be a more traditional Kirby game, but still pretty cool looking.
Now with less yarn and more sucking.
Yes.
But that's a good thing, when you're talking about Kirby.
Pokémon Black and White are actually getting some PC connectivity.
Apparently using, of course they also have the Pokéwalker peripheral, which was from Heart and Gold,
but that won't be used in Black and White at all, but they're going to have the Pokémon Global Link.
It's a website launching this spring, I guess shortly after the game is released,
which allows players to sync their save files to an online profile, giving them an access to a wide range of tools,
including to network with fellow trainers, also check their battle statistics, assigning them worldwide rankings,
and granting them eligibility to participate in live regional, national, and global tournaments.
And it says the site will host mini-games which let players collect Pokémon items,
which they can transfer back to their cartridges as well,
and also let them sync a monster from their games to the website and explore their dreams online.
Nerds.
Interesting.
And then, let's see, last but not least, Rock Band, of course having more stuff coming out this week.
This week is actually going to be The Clash and their London Calling album.
You can buy the whole album for $20, or you can buy each individual track for $2 each,
or whatever in your preferred console's space bucks.
It includes the tracks London Calling, Brand New Cadillac, Jimmy Jazz, Hateful, Rudy Can't Fail,
Spanish Bombs to the Right Profile, Lost in the Supermarket, Clamp Down, The Guns of Brixton,
Rong M. Boyo, Death and Glory, Coca-Cola, the card sheet, Lever's Rock, Four Horsemen,
I'm Not Down, and Revolution Rock.
And of course, for what looks like London Calling, Rudy Can't Fail, Spanish Bombs, Clamp Down,
and the card sheet, they do have the Pro Guitar and Bass expansions available for an additional dollar
if you're feeling like that.
So, look forward to that this week.
Alright, moving on to some other stories, and we're going to start off with some news on Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
God, they have done such a good job keeping this game relevant, because they let a little bit of news out
every week about some new characters that are in the game, so pretty cool.
Cienco and Sentinel have been confirmed as characters that will be in Marvel vs. Capcom 3,
which is kind of funny, because I thought they had come out and said,
no more Darkstalkers players, but yet it was a lie.
So, yep, there it is.
That'll be fun. I don't know.
Cienco's pretty cool. I remember I used Cienco all the time in Puzzle Fighter.
Or, she had a different name, I thought.
No, in Puzzle Fighter.
Cienco's lay-light intercession was Mei Mei.
Ah, what about Sentinel? Are you excited about these characters coming to MVC 3, Dark Sakura?
Sentinel is badass. I just remember playing the Sentinel in the old X-Men Children of the Atom.
We actually talked about that this morning.
It came up in discussion on recording Comic Insanity.
Plug plug.
I think the consensus is that, yeah, cool characters.
I mean, there's still no Strider here, so what's up with that?
Alright, let's move on to some Sega Genesis stuff that's been added to Steam.
If you didn't know, you can buy old Sega Genesis games available on Steam,
and that way you can feel good about all those ROMs that you're playing that you're actually paying for them.
And, you know, it's all through Steam and all that good stuff.
You can talk to people using the Steam interface and all that.
Alien Soldier, Landstalker, Light Crusader, Shining Force, Shining Force 2, Shining in the Darkness,
Sonic 2, Sonic 3, Sonic and Knuckles, Streets of Rage, Streets of Rage 2,
Toejam and Earl, Toejam and Earl in Panic on Frunkatron, and Wonder Boy 3 Monster Lair.
They are all there.
You did say Gunstar Heroes, didn't you?
Yeah, Gunstar Heroes was also recently released, so I think that might be what is already there.
But there is now a new collection that I think has some of that stuff, and new stuff as well.
I think those are all the sections with the old games.
Let me see, what is the new stuff here?
Ah, there we go.
Alien Soldier, Gunstar Heroes, Landstalker, Light Crusader, Shining Force, Shining Force 2,
Streets of Rage, Streets of Rage 2, Wonder Boy 3.
Lots of Genesis games. Go look at it on Steam.
QuakeCon.
If there's any fans of Quake in the house, QuakeCon 2011 is taking place August 4th through 7th this year.
It's going to be in Dallas, Texas at the Hilton Anatole.
So you could also bring in your PC and play some Quake there, LAN.
Have fun.
It'll be interesting to see what they're going to announce at this.
I don't know if there's maybe going to be some stuff on Rage.
That whole new...
Oh, I'm sure there will be.
Yeah, so take a look for that.
Also, there's a brand new iPad and iPhone app for Pac-Man Battle Royale.
Remember that? That's the arcade game that's coming out soon?
Well, there's actually like a little teaser or whatever you want to say that's available on the iPhone and the iPad.
It's, I guess, like an actual first level of the game.
That's kind of cool.
So you can actually play that and then check it out in the arcades near you.
It sucks that it's not a full game.
It does kind of suck that you can't buy the full game.
Maybe that's coming later after people play some of the arcades. Who knows?
Silent Hill Downpour.
We have some new stuff on Silent Hill Downpour.
It's music from the game.
But here's the thing. It's not by Akira Yamaoka.
Sad face.
Yeah, unfortunately, he's out of the picture.
Remember, he went over what the rumor is he's doing something with EA that maybe we'll see more about at E3 this year.
He is no longer with the Silent Hill team.
So who have they brought in?
Well, they've brought in Dan Licht.
He does Dexter, the music from Dexter on Showtime.
So I don't know if you know that show.
There's actually a little clip that's rolling around the internet.
We can play a little bit for you right now.
At least I can try.
See, it has an interesting sound to it.
But to me, it sounds a little more orchestra.
Whereas Akira Yamaoka felt a little more like dude in the basement banging random things together that made for an awesome soundtrack.
I don't know how to explain it.
This sounds like he's actually trying to emulate Yamaoka.
But, yeah, because it's got some of the same, like the mandolin in the background and some of the...
I really think he's trying to emulate Yamaoka's style.
Well, sure. Everybody loved him.
So it'll be interesting to see what this full thing looks like when it comes out.
Obviously, you can't tell from just a minute and a half clip.
Alright, that's going to do it for Rapid Fire News. Let's move into some Twitter topics tonight.
And see what you guys are tweeting us at twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Tweet, tweet, tweet.
Oh, a few tweets tonight.
Let's see, Spazinator wants to give us an update on what's going on in the video marketplace.
Not too much new in terms of freebies to announce aside from a preview episode of An Idiot Abroad on both PSN and XBL.
What the hell is An Idiot Abroad? I've never heard of that.
Surely that's not an anime. Is that a reality show?
I've never heard of this before. I'm Wikipedia-ing it right now.
An Idiot Abroad.
Let's see, an entertainment travel documentary on Sky One and Science Channel.
Starring Carl Plinkinton.
And Ricky Jervis is in it, too. Well, that's pretty cool, I guess, if you're a fan of him.
An Idiot Abroad.
Let's see, SHO 100 Matt is tweeting us, resident hockey fan here with some game-related news.
A minor league hockey team celebrates SNES NHL 94 style.
He gives us a link there.
And, let's see here, I guess, what is this?
I was playing on my old console, Super Nintendo, one day and I scored a spectacular goal.
And this is from one of the goaltenders of the Blazers.
Everyone just stopped and threw their sticks over their heads.
And I thought it was the funniest thing ever.
So it looks like when they actually scored a goal recently...
They started waving their sticks over their heads just like they did in the game. That's cute.
That's funny. I like that.
That guy doesn't even have a stick. Look at him.
What happened to that guy? He lost his stick. He's just waving his hands in the air.
I don't know why that's really funny, but it is.
And SHO 100 Matt continues with another tweet saying,
Also, two friends got me this awesome painting by 8-bit video game painter Adam Shub.
I guess is the name of the person that did that.
And I can't see the link that he put...
Oh, I see this one, though.
Oh, is that like the Earthbound?
I get linked to a DeviantArt page called Square Painter.
That's kind of cool. There's like a Ninja Gaiden picture and an Earthbound picture. That's pretty rad.
Very cool.
Dark Tetsuya tweets us and says,
On the topic of Daft Punk, any of you guys ever seen Interstellar 5-5-5 or Interstellar 4-5?
Freaking epic anime set to their Discovery album.
I've seen the one clip, like One More Time was a whole little anime thing.
They all are.
But I haven't seen the whole thing together. I've only seen that one song.
It's all by the anime artist. It's the guy that did Galaxy Express and that kind of stuff.
But yeah, I've watched the whole thing. I actually had the DVD at one point.
Might still have the DVD. I don't know.
But yeah, I've watched it. It's pretty awesome.
Gotcha.
Got a tweet as well from Leo Shen.
The MBC, Marvel vs. Capcom of course, 3 final boss has been leaked.
And we get to a YouTube here that says Galactus boss fight in Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
That apparently is the final boss.
There's this whole fighting going on on a TV.
This is probably very no-no that this is out here on the internet, but now it's out.
So there it is. They're fighting Galactus. That's the final boss.
He was awfully stunted for Galactus.
I think he's in the background.
Let me see. Yep, here he comes.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
Yeah, that's cool.
So what you're fighting is Pinky.
Mm-hmm.
Wasn't he the boss in like one of the other ones? Wasn't it 2 he also the boss in?
I thought it was Onslaught.
I think Onslaught was the boss in the first one.
Damn.
The second one, no I don't-
You suck.
I don't remember now actually.
I know it was in Galactus.
And everyone keeps picking on Galactus. All he wants is a sandwich made out of, you know, a planet.
Alright.
Tigerclaw sent us some links, but sadly they are stories that are coming up later, so I gotta save those for a little later.
That does it for Twitter tonight.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to send us some tweets in the future.
We'll get to those later on.
Alright, let's move on with some more stories.
Loki.
Yes.
So, this is kind of cool I guess if you're either lazy or you are disabled.
For me I'd say it's because I'm lazy.
But MLB 11, they are including a one button association for the signaled virtual athletes mode.
And basically what it'll allow you to do is play the game using one button.
And it's gonna have AI handling all the fielding and the player only needs to press one button in order to swing the bat or pitch.
And it allows gamers who might not be able to throw a baseball in real life or wield a dual shock controller ease of play.
So that's pretty awesome.
And apparently the mode was inspired by Hans Smith, a baseball superfan with cerebral palsy whose limited mobility made it impossible for him to play a real baseball game as well as a video game as well.
And Sony San Diego added him to last year's MLB game as an avatar.
And then this year they went one step further with the disability friendly gameplay mode.
So that's pretty sweet.
Well that's kind of cool. I like that they kind of did that, you know.
Do you get to play online in the one button mode? I don't know, I can see people that don't need to be using that mode using that.
But hopefully that's not the case.
Well if you think about it, if you could do that, you know.
Get matched up against other people who are using that mode or something, I don't know.
Well that's kind of cool.
Eat a pizza and play the game at the same time.
That's kind of like, some role playing games let you do that. Like, I remember, it was like Final Fantasy or something had the one hand mode where you could just, oh yeah, Bayonetta had it too.
Bayonetta had a one button mode.
That's right.
I'm not sure if that was for disability though.
It probably wasn't actually, so we shouldn't make a mockery of a good thing that they're trying to do here in this game.
I think that's kind of cool that they're making it more accessible.
One handed mode.
So, there's a big big difference between that one handed mode.
Alright, well if you think maybe there should be more games like this that are easily accessible to those folks, or maybe there's just a really cool idea you have for an indie game, maybe this site is something you want to take a look at.
It's kind of a spinoff of a site called Kickstarter, which honestly I had never heard of until this project kind of came across my path.
8BitFunding is the name of the site. 8BitFunding.com.
It's what they call crowd sourcing.
Basically, you can donate to different projects and you might get something or a perk in return.
So, there might be these games that need help.
They need money to fund the games or what have you.
And if you buy into it, maybe with a certain amount, maybe they'll promise you 10% of the gross receipts.
Or maybe you'll get a cameo in the game.
Or maybe the developer will come over to your house or something like that or develop something for you in exchange.
So, kind of an interesting little thing is when I was first reading this, I was like, okay, so this is basically like a PayPal donation button.
Donate to my game. What is the big deal about this?
But it's kind of some of the perks that they're offering.
In fact, I'm kind of looking at the site right now.
Unfortunately, a lot of these games have not really raised a whole lot of money.
They did the same type of thing with this. I think it was on the, not this 8-bit funding type, but the other one that was group sourcing.
It was for the Cthulhu, was it Cthulhu Saves the World or something like that?
Yeah, I remember that.
They were doing the PC version and having all these different things that you could donate and get a character in the game and stuff like that.
Right. You know, I'm looking at some of these projects and all of them are looking for like $20,000, which I'm imagining must be the cost of a dev kit or to get the game online.
I don't know. But let's see, like I notice the game that has the most money right now is The Boo Keeper.
$105 is how much they've raised towards their $20,000 goal.
But the site is still new, so who knows. I'm trying to look at some of these little perks they offer here.
They're trying to get this in 86 days. Oh, they have like a little video as well from the developer. That's kind of neat.
And they actually will give a game for a $5 project or two games for $20.
A thank you package for $50. That's kind of interesting. Give your voice to a character for $1,000.
So that's kind of neat that they have like little perks like that if you really believe in one of these games.
And I like how they have like the little video from the developer telling you a little more about the game. So that's pretty cool.
So check that out. Even if you don't have any money, it's kind of neat just to hear about some of the indie games and some indie developers and the trials and tribulations they go through.
8bitfunding.com. What I also noticed was here was a magazine was posted on here that they're trying to fund an actual magazine for $1,000.
It's an indie gaming magazine. Kind of neat.
Maybe we need to get some of these people on our show to hawk their products. Who knows? Could be interesting. I like hearing about new ideas.
Alright. So 8bitfunding.com. Let's move on to some more stories. Dark Soccer?
Well, how about something on Kid Icarus?
How about it?
Well, it's not going to be out until after E3. Or Zelda for that matter.
They're actually saying that, of course, we've mentioned earlier that neither of those are going to be launch titles for the 3DS.
That they are going to be out early June which is right after E3. So it's speculated.
Maybe that's going to be because they're going to be improved maybe? We could hope.
I don't know though. When you said the news, I couldn't help but feel like this.
Yeah.
But it's kind of the news I think we were all expecting, honestly. I mean, if the game wasn't coming out of launch.
I was convinced Kid Icarus was going to make it out of launch though. They made such a big deal out of that at E3.
So it's kind of, last year anyway. So it's kind of shocking that it is delayed, but again.
It's just teasing, Rob. Teasing.
Well, you've got to make sure the game is great. Don't release a mediocre game.
It's gaming foreplay.
I'm all for them taking more time to do it if they need the time to make the game great.
So, it's just a bummer they didn't have anything done, ready to go with the exception of, I guess, Nintendogs and, what is it, the submarine game or whatever other weird things they have.
Oh, they're doing Pilotwings.
That's true. Pilotwings might be interesting.
I don't know though. I didn't feel Pilotwings 64 the same way I did the original S&S version, which is still one of my favorites.
I love Pilotwings on the SNES.
So, there you go.
Anyhow, Loki, what do you have for us? The mailbag is coming up soon, by the way, you guys.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com and soon your calls, the FUs of the Week, and so much more. Loki?
There's a lot more disappointing Congressman coming from California. I swear to God, it's just...
What do we have? Idiots working in Congress over here?
No, I didn't vote for him.
This time it's not Lee, though, so it is a different Congressman.
Joe Baca. He introduced against legislation back in 2009 that required games to display labels of warnings between violent video games and aggressive behavior.
Now, apparently, he's come back and now he's trying to pitch a similar thing.
He's saying that he wants a warning to be put on these games.
So, warning, excessive exposure to violent video games and other violent media has been linked to aggressive behavior.
And it says, I guess, the 2009 act failed to gain momentum, but he's now relabeled it the Video Game Health Labeling Act of 2011.
And it's basically the same act with the same goal, putting warning labels on games rated Teen and above.
And apparently now, I guess the only difference this time around is that he's gained support of Virginia Congressman Frank Wolf.
Which, I don't understand where a Virginia Congressman has any play in California, but whatever.
Anyways, it says, just as we warn smokers of health consequences of tobacco, we should warn parents and children about the growth and growing scientific evidence demonstrating a relationship between violent video games and violent behavior.
As a parent and grandparent, I think it's important to have people know everything they can about the extremely violent nature of some of these games.
Which is great, because that's what's on the ESRB label. It shows you what kind of content's in those games.
So you don't need to do this. I don't understand what the point is.
But apparently they are trying to move that forward.
I think we probably have a message for the Congress people involved in this.
Shut the fuck up!
That's how I feel.
Sounds good to me.
Like, you know, I mean, if you're gonna put warning labels on video games, you're gonna put warnings on movies, you're gonna put warnings on sugary candy, may it cause your kid to have a short attention span?
If you, I mean, I'm sorry, but first off, violent video games don't affect everybody the same way, and there hasn't been, there's been studies that go both ways with that. There's nothing definitive about it.
And we already have a label on the box that shows what kind of content's in the game. It shows if it's violent.
And if you read the back of the box, you can get a pretty good idea too.
You don't need, you know, another label.
You know, if you're gonna buy a game called Zombie Massacre, you know, 2011, the back of the box, you know, is probably gonna indicate to you that it's probably pretty violent, and that you will be massacring zombies in the game.
You know, you're not suddenly gonna get, you know, a game with puppets and rainbows and, I don't know, whatever. Stupid.
Puppet Rainbow Massacre.
That would be a little bit different.
They did that in an episode of Angel.
I mean, I'm sorry, but isn't there, like, a budget to be balanced? Aren't there jobs that need to be created?
Yeah, this stuff does cost money. I mean, and why are these congressmen, you know, like, wasting time on this stuff?
Seriously.
Especially California congressmen.
There's a word for it.
Two words, actually.
Budget allocation.
Funding.
In what? They're trying to get donations for their 2012 campaign by pleasing some moral superiority board?
It's the stuff like that that actually pulls in other funds for the different areas of, uh, the different committees and different stuff that they're trying to allocate money to.
They have the big problems because they need to go through and do a whole big audit.
And they need to have the audit done by someone not in government but by an outside party.
So, in other words, if this type of movement didn't exist, the committee might get folded?
Probably.
Then fold the fucking committee!
This is a waste of our goddamn time!
Everybody's goddamn time!
Agreed.
One more time, Congressman Joe Baca, I'm expressing my First Amendment right and telling you-
This is also Baca.
Whatever.
That's funny.
Moron.
Shut the fuck up!
Thank you, Pendlet.
But, that was funny because, never mind.
Anyhow.
If that's the best thing that committee can come up with, then it deserves to be folded.
Moving on.
I can hear it in my head now.
You mad?
Yes, I am mad.
Alright, let me move on. Sorry.
Sarian.net. Remember that website? That was the website where you could play action Sierra games, adventure games, like King's Quest and all this stuff.
You could play it on your iPad.
And we were all sitting here going, just a matter of time before this thing gets shut down.
Yep, we are waiting for this thing to get shut down.
Guess what happened, guys?
It got shut down this week. That's right.
And the letter from Activision's legal counsel got posted on the website for everybody to read.
And I liked how some of this email went.
While we appreciate your dedication to the Sierra Classic Library and understand that you are a fan of these games, Activision has not authorized the development or distribution of these games via your website.
Accordingly, we must demand that you immediately cease any further distribution or exploitation, I like that word, of the Sierra games on your website.
Now, as much as you want to paint Activision as the big bad evil people, I don't know.
They kind of do have a point. I mean, it is their games and this whole thing, posting them public, you know.
But if you're not going to do anything with it, then what the hell are you doing?
However, it could be argued that these games are available for sale on good old games and on Steam.
So if you're going to get these games, then you should do them the legitimate way.
And if Activision wanted to do an iPad release of the game, well, then this website is kind of getting in the way.
Well, there is another interesting development that happened this week that's worth mentioning, and that is that it wasn't totally shut down after the cease and desist.
It looks like Activision ended up giving Sarian approval to continue running in a limited capacity.
Sarian.net is now able to publish the first game of any series in its multiplayer HTML5 form.
So I guess this whole new little way of doing it is available.
However, the iPad versions are no longer there because they might want to develop it sometimes.
And Activision has allowed at least that, which I think is somewhat generous.
There are also links to buy the games on Steam on the website.
This is free advertising for retro titles.
It is. So, I mean, it's one of those things where it's like, as much as you want to hate Activision, you can't say they're not doing anything with this.
You are able to buy the games legitimately out there somewhere. So, I don't know, it's a little bit hard for me to get mad at Activision for cease and desisting, somebody trying to give that away for free.
It does pain me that Activision continues to do nothing new in this genre, but I guess at least we always have the silver lining.
Which, by the way, Episode 3 was delayed.
But it'll be coming out when it's ready.
I see what you did there.
That's right.
Let's go to the mailbag!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is where you can send us your emails every week.
And I gotta say, guys, the emailbag is still in a pretty sad state.
We got one email this week, and it's not signed, so I'll just say it's from Adam H.
Wanting us to talk about the PSP2 or the NGP.
And linking us to the blog where we can talk about that.
Well, I think we did go over pretty much the big stuff.
And done.
That's right, we did go over the big stuff in Part A.
I will give the courtesy of looking at this website here and see if there's anything we didn't cover.
Because you never know, there might be little stuff that falls through the crack or whatever.
Let's see.
Nope, screenshots, got those.
Uncharted Portable, yeah.
5-inch organic light-emitting display.
We already mentioned that.
Or did you use the word organic?
I did OLED.
Okay.
6-axis is in it, GPS.
Yeah, I think we covered all this, dude. Sorry.
But, hey.
There's some nice little pictures. I like the whole back touchpad.
Looks kind of funny with all the little PlayStation symbols over and over.
So yes, our mailbag is in kind of a sad state tonight, I'm sorry to say.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com if you want to help us out for future weeks.
It'll fold your laundry, wash the cat.
That's right.
So meanwhile, let's get into some FUs, some angst.
I have three FUs, and I love you.
My FUs go to-
Aw, I love you too.
My FUs goes to being sick, because I hate it.
My second FU goes to the CW for playing Supernatural by a week, because dammit, I've been waiting for this damn episode.
It's like, stop teasing me.
And then FU to all of the people in the torrent community who decided to capitalize on the fact that certain people don't actually watch active TV and download the episodes as a torrent and decide to put out a virus torrent.
Which, thankfully, the moment you see the Windows error, you know, codec thing, you have to stop it before it goes to whatever site to update the codec.
So it doesn't, you know, actually virus you.
So yeah, stupid.
And my love you goes to Dan, because he's been taking good care of me.
Aw.
You're a little sick there, Rob.
Yeah, I mean, I think I caught whatever you guys have.
Rob's got our plague.
All right.
Loki, you have an FU of the week.
Mainly just to Xbox 360s being so delicate and fragile that they'll break within five minutes.
What, did you drop one?
I didn't drop one.
I didn't have to drop one.
I turned it on.
And then I switched the monitor resolution and it went ehhh and died.
So no.
The original consoles, man.
I swear, if you have a Xenon console, it's going to die.
It's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when.
That sucks.
I don't have a lot of FUs.
Things are relatively well right now.
So I'll just say FU to money or lack thereof.
Never having enough of it.
FU to Disneyland being crowded yesterday.
That's never fun to go on a crowded day.
Everybody else needs to go somewhere else when I'm there.
And I guess FU to the fact that I didn't get to spend enough time there.
It really was just like a fast, fast trip.
So, yeah.
That's really it.
Otherwise, things are pretty good.
If those are my FUs, then things are pretty well in my world.
Let's move on.
A couple more stories for you guys.
And then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype,
OrangeLoungeRadio.
Please make sure before you call us,
Echo123, if you are on Skype, you must, must, must test yourself first.
I think even Skype puts in there now,
click this button to make a test call.
You need to do that before you go on the radio.
Yes, listen to the nice lady that says, you know,
Hello, welcome to the Skype call testing service.
You need to hear her before you hear us, so please do that now.
But if you're using the phone, that's easy.
You can just pick it up and call.
All right, but we're not taking the calls just yet.
We got a couple more stories for you first.
Loki.
One other thing that was announced during the PlayStation conference,
and it wasn't necessarily the PlayStation phone,
it was the PlayStation Suite.
And what the PlayStation Suite is, is actually a couple things.
First off, it's gonna be a PlayStation store that's gonna be available for Android phones.
They'll allow you to purchase different PlayStation, you know, things,
whether it be PlayStation 1 games or other, you know, PSP minis or whatever.
Those are gonna be available as well.
But you may remember when there were some of the leaked videos of, like, the PlayStation phone out,
this was actually one of the things they could have been running on.
Of course, they were running a third-party homebrew PlayStation emulator,
but I mean, assuming that works, and obviously this works just fine.
And of course, some of the games that they're mentioning that are gonna be available
are actually early PlayStation 1 games.
Cool Borders 2, Syphon Filter, and Rallycross, Wild Arms, and MIDI Evil.
Yay, the same fucking PS1 games I already played on the PS3 again.
How about PS2 games?
Come on, there's a huge market.
You know, PS2 is like ten years old, some of the early games at this point.
The oomph to be able to do PlayStation 2.
Well, I thought the NGP is gonna bring the PS3 experience in your pocket,
and it's a powerful fucking little thing.
It can't play a PS2 game? Really?
Well, this isn't for the NGP, this is for phones.
Oh, my bad.
This is for Android phones.
Or the Android iOS.
Because we can't really say it's just for phones now,
since they do have tablets now with the Android iOS.
Oh, I remember something about this is all gonna tie into the NGP as well, too, right?
Android OS, not iOS, what am I saying?
Yeah, so it's a way to get PlayStation content out there on more than just the PlayStation phone.
So, neat.
But honestly, though, I mean, just looking at...
Unless you have that PlayStation phone, I can imagine this is gonna suck,
just because, I mean, just look at the controls.
It takes up, like, so much screen space, it's just ridiculous.
Yeah, touch controls are ridiculous, too.
You need tangible buttons. Forget it otherwise, honestly.
Yeah.
That's the one thing we've learned from iPhone gaming.
Very few iPhone games really, really work.
They have to be designed for that touch.
Things like Cut the Rope work, because it's very easy.
Things like, I guess, Angry Birds, although I've never played it, work,
because it's based around the touch controls.
Things like a port of Mega Man fail,
because you need tangible controls in order to be able to play it.
I will say that Espagaluda worked very well with touch controls.
Really?
Yeah, but that's because it has auto-fire and stuff.
I did it without auto-fire.
It actually plays really well.
And Mushihime-sama was really fun.
I don't know. I just, I need tangible buttons.
I thought that was all Sony's thing with the move.
Don't you like buttons?
Whatever.
Alright, one more story for you guys before the Skype line tonight,
and it has to do with World of Warcraft, but it's kind of an interesting one,
because you know where WoW goes, other MMOs tend to follow.
This is kind of interesting.
WoW has gone after gold sellers in a whole new way.
They have successfully petitioned PayPal
to issue notices to all the big gold selling companies that are out there,
that if they don't stop WoW's virtual currency selling,
then their accounts will be suspended permanently.
Very interesting, because these places are in other countries and so forth,
and they accept PayPal as a method of payment,
which a lot of folks don't want to give companies,
well, folks shouldn't be using these fucking things in the first place,
but on the other hand, when they do use them,
they don't want to use their real credit card info,
so they'll often use PayPal.
Well, now they've kind of cut off that bridge,
so I think that's kind of cool that they did that.
That was a smart way to go about doing it.
So yeah, that's how they're going after it.
Cut out the middle man.
And they could kind of strong arm PayPal too,
because I'm pretty sure they take PayPal as a method of payment for the game itself,
so they could tell PayPal either do this
or we're going to stop taking your thing as a form of payment.
They could kind of strong arm it like that.
I'm not saying that's what they did, but I could imagine that being part of the conversation.
Why not?
Makes sense.
Play hardball.
But I did like having PayPal for like for Star Trek Online,
because I would buy Cryptic Points to get my unlocks.
Right, but those are official.
That's not like buying gold.
No, but I mean, I think it's convenient to have it there,
like if you want to get like a little thing here or there.
And certainly, you pay 10 bucks and get 1200 points,
which I bought tons of stuff with my points.
So I think that they need to be a little bit more judicious with what they will and won't accept via PayPal.
Yeah, and honestly, if you buy gold online for WoW,
your own account is going to get hacked inevitably,
and you're just encouraging those people to continue to hack accounts,
because where do you think that gold comes from?
Hardworking players, you know?
So if you buy gold, you suck.
There are people that will help you out if there's something you really need to buy.
Get a guild.
Don't buy gold online.
I heart the guild.
Oh yeah, because they've helped you out.
Yeah, I know.
Find a guild.
You don't need to buy gold.
Find a guild of nice people.
And don't steal from your guild.
Yeah, don't steal from your guild.
If you're in the game to just profit profit and steal everything from your guild,
then you're in the game for the wrong reasons.
Play the auction house game if money making is what you want.
Buy out a certain item and then sell it for triple.
I don't know.
All right, let's open up the Skype line right now.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The phones are open.
Take your calls on any topic we've talked about tonight.
Maybe you have a comment on the NGP itself.
Maybe you want to talk 3DS.
Maybe you want to talk about that whole PS3 hacking mess,
or something we haven't brought up yet.
Whenever you want to talk about the phones are open,
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
While we wait for those calls to come in,
Loki, do you have any quick last minute stories for us?
No, not really.
Well, not yet.
Actually, that Galactus video, that was someone that was playing on a pirated Xbox 360 version.
Naughty, naughty.
Naughty, naughty.
Because you can see the 360 in the background there.
Uh-oh.
Uh, let's see.
Some other fun stuff we could talk about here.
Um, this is kind of neat.
We haven't mentioned this yet.
Platinum's new game that's coming out, Max Anarchy.
Well, at least it's how it's known in other places.
It's coming over as Anarchy Reigns.
It's kind of an MMO brawler game,
and it also features the main character from Madworld,
but in full color this time.
And he's actually kind of in all the trailers and stuff.
Honestly, though, I kind of like him better black and white.
He doesn't look that cool when he's not in black and white.
I don't know. That's just my opinion.
Alright, let's go to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Bazinator.
Hey, Spazinator. What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, since it's too much the topic of the night,
I just want to chime in on the NGP or whatever it's called.
Whatever they end up calling it, sure. What are your thoughts?
Well, even though some people within the dial game community
would like to pick me as Sony fanboy,
I'm a little hesitant to even consider getting the NGP.
Although the system does sound nice on paper,
but the truth is, even with my PSP, I very rarely touch it.
Hell, nowadays I will use it for downloading podcasts and whatnot,
and that's about it.
Let me back up. Why did you abandon your PSP?
Was it a lack of the games that you have to play,
or what caused you, I don't know, are you a DS player now,
or what caused you to abandon the PSP?
Well, I was a DS player for a while, too.
I had both systems, but truth be told,
there's more games on the PS3 and the 360 that I would much rather play.
For example, on the 360, I constantly play Game Room,
and on PS3, I play a lot of Super Stardust HD, so on and so forth,
and between the two main consoles,
there's more games on there that I'm interested in,
as opposed to handheld.
Considering that I'm on the budget,
I have to watch how much I spend on games,
and don't really have enough money to go all the way around,
I would rather play my games on consoles, as opposed to handheld,
because really, isn't the point of handhelds to go out and about
and play them when you're not at home?
And I'm usually home pretty much 24-7.
Well, at first, yeah, I did play my PSP a lot initially,
playing the Darkstalkers games and the ports of PS2 games,
but I just generally find myself playing the system less and less.
So it's kind of the price that freaks you out, too, though,
because you mentioned that you have a very limited budget,
kind of like I mentioned earlier.
There's just certain people, especially in this economy this day and age,
that don't have a lot of the extra money,
and they kind of know this is going to be expensive.
So is it kind of like the price that scares you, too?
Yeah, basically, yeah.
I live under $800 a month, and that basically,
that $800 a month not even has to go towards rent, food,
my time order bill, so on and so forth.
There's not a lot of room for entertainment out there.
Yeah.
Granted, I managed to keep my expenses low
because the cost of living in Buffalo, New York is pretty low,
but still, even with that,
that leaves me with roughly $200 a month that if I'm lucky,
I'm able to save and whatnot.
In fact, it took me like a year just to save up for this netbook
that I just recently got.
Well, let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this, though, because obviously,
the system is expensive.
Do you think you would use or try to save up anyway
for one of the competitors to a PSP2?
Is there something that maybe interests you more about the 3DS
or maybe even the iPad, you could say,
as a competitor of the NGP, whatever it's called?
Is there either of those that maybe interest you more
that you would save up for, or no,
I'm not interested in this wave of technology at all?
It's kind of hard to say just now
because obviously, all those systems aren't quite out yet.
If I do consider going out and buying any handheld,
whatever, whether it be 3DS or PSP2 or what have you,
I would have to wait just to pull a figure out,
but let's say a year, year and a half,
wait to see what comes out for whatever system
and see if those games would interest me.
Then maybe, yeah, I'll consider getting them,
but if nothing of interest comes out for me,
like at least bare minimum, I don't know, 15 games at least,
then I'd just say forget it.
So in other words, it's the games that are on the system
that are going to make it or break it for you.
Yeah, and they would have to be like exclusive games,
not found on the home systems, no ports of any kind,
I mean truly exclusive stuff or interoperability.
I hear you, buddy.
It's our golden rule of gaming,
a system is only as good as the games that are on it,
so I think it's a smart approach for a budget gamer to wait and see.
Let the people that have more disposable income
kind of beta test everything for you, I suppose.
So Spazinator, I've got to let you go to get more calls,
but thank you as always, and who knows,
maybe you'll win a contest at a local store,
maybe win one of these guys for free.
I'll be hoping for you.
All right.
Yeah.
Have a good one, buddy.
All right, 1-877-GAME-OLR is our number,
or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
if you want to give us a call.
SSG100Matt agrees in our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
The price will be key.
Bonds006 says, I am PC till death.
That's an interesting way of looking at it,
especially from the whole budget perspective,
is that, well, I have this PC anyway.
There's tons and tons of games available on PC.
Why even bother with a handheld or even a console?
I've got everything I need right in my PC.
That's the way a lot of people look at it, surprisingly enough.
877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Do we have any other last-minute stories, Loki, to hold us over?
Do we get more ringy rings?
Let's just see here what I've got here.
What can you pull out of your butt, Loki?
What can I pull out of my butt?
Let's see, can I have this all pulled up, too?
I don't want to know what Loki can pull out of his butt.
I meant, like, story-wise.
Not actual.
Yes.
There was a whole lot, actually.
It's funny, this week, I was surprised that there wasn't a whole lot of news
other than the PSP stuff.
Sure, other than that big press conference, that's really it, I guess.
It was just kind of like, wow, isn't that P or NGP awesome?
It's so awesome.
I wonder how much it's going to be.
And then, you know, 3DS was like, anyone remember about me?
I just got announced last week.
Oh, I think by the time the 3DS comes out, that will change quite a bit.
Yeah.
Well, we got another call.
You're saved.
You can find something else for after this.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is us for show on demand.
Well, hey, I haven't heard from you in a while.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
I actually wanted to kind of give a mini review on a game that no one's really talked about.
Let's hear it.
But it's gotten a lot of controversy.
I played Galgun for the Xbox 360.
Galgun, okay, okay.
Set the stage.
What type of game is Galgun?
Galgun is a very perverted shooter.
It's a dating sim shooter, I should say.
All dating sims should be shooters.
Okay.
I'm interested so far.
So it's gotten a lot of controversy in it because Microsoft...
I posted a video in the chat room.
There's a lot of panty shots and a lot of questionable material in it.
So a friend of mine has a Japanese 360, so we bought it.
And we played it, and I felt immediately dirty afterwards.
You spray your love on them, by the way.
This game looks disgusting.
This looks like Elibits, but with girls.
Little school girls.
I'm sure they're all 18 or over, I'm sure.
Yeah, of course, of course. And you also get to shoot at teachers and all that, so...
This looks like Elibits. Is this like Elibits?
Remember that game on the Wii?
Yeah, well, you know what the funny thing when you mention that is?
The whole game has the feeling of a Wii game that was rejected,
but it was ended up cut out on the 360.
They wouldn't give up.
All right, so usually games like this end up being crappy,
but you felt dirty afterwards.
Was she tied up by a plant? What the hell was that?
A tentacle.
There's a boss battle in it.
Well, the whole thing is centered around when you start the game,
you have to choose a girl that you're interested in.
Now, the whole thing is you're trying to go through your high school and all that
to try to get with this girl.
And you have to go through all these women who are going after you,
hitting you with postcards and, you know, typical anime stuff.
Oh my goodness, postcards.
He might get a paper cut.
Yeah.
So what you're supposed to do is you're supposed to use a gun
that shoots pheromones at the teenage girls
that makes them drop down in ecstasy.
So it's like your love gun.
Yeah, it's a love gun.
I see.
And, you know, there's a special mode where you can zero in on a girl
and shoot her at specific parts of her body, like her legs.
So there's like a Fallout 3 mode?
Yeah, there is.
They're in the back.
And, you know, there'll be parts where she'll try to stop you
with her earring and, you know, certain things.
Are you allowed to shoot these girls in the butt or do they not like that?
Yes, you can shoot them in the butt.
Wow.
And, you know, it's funny because, you know, the game's so dynamic
that, you know, different girls have different hot spots, I should say.
Where you get an ecstasy bonus, as it's called.
Okay.
So, Matt, this is either like the best game ever or the worst game ever.
So where does it fall?
It's both.
It's both.
Because it's just so fucked up.
And you know what?
I was looking at it.
The people who made this game made a lot of kids' games.
They made, you know, the X-Men Zero series.
They actually made Mega Man 9 and 10.
So this is their chance to release some steam, so to speak.
Yeah, I guess so.
But, you know, the whole thing is, you know, it's very ridiculous.
And, you know, it's kind of tough to play because it's a dating statement.
It's all in Japanese.
There's no English.
And it's never going to come in America.
So we're kind of guessing through the whole thing.
But, you know, there's a lot of minigames and bonus stages.
You know, they're ridiculous.
But it's a ridiculous game.
Ikuma JP is in our chat room and he actually lives in Japan and he says,
I have no idea what you guys are talking about.
This game does not exist.
You might have to check, like, the back room of a store.
Like, I don't know how they have it set up in Japan.
But I'm looking at this on YouTube.
This looks real and I've heard of this before.
I just want to see the tentacle monster one more time.
Wait, was that sheep?
What the fuck?
I would say if Loki has a Japanese 360, you should get it.
Just for the last.
Loki, I think you need to bring a copy of this to the show one night.
Come on, it's episode 400 next week.
What do you say?
You need to figure this out.
You need to get one of these.
You need to import one of these real quick and get it over here to the show.
Expedite the shipping.
All right.
So anyhow.
That's bad.
You know, I had to take a long bath after this.
It just felt so terrible.
I'm sure those girls have to take a long bath too to wash what they got off.
I'm watching him shoot the teachers.
All right.
All right, Matt.
I want this game.
Thank you for bringing this into our lives.
How can we ever repay you?
I totally want this game.
I totally think you should get a game.
All right.
Thank you for the call, Matt, and bringing this game into our lives.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
Oops, I missed.
Oops, I accidentally hung up on him early.
Sorry, Matt.
All right.
1877 game OLR.
Our username on Skype.
Orange on the radio.
AkumaJP says, just kidding.
I have seen it.
Estacy shot.
That's funny.
It does totally look like a rejected Wii game.
All right.
We've got time for a couple more calls, I suppose.
I don't know if you had another story for us, Loki?
Just real quick stuff.
No Kid Icarus or Zelda until after E3.
Yeah.
DarkSaga did report on that.
You were probably playing Grand Theft Auto.
No, I wasn't playing Grand Theft Auto.
You were playing Galgun.
I was not playing Galgun.
Of course, let's see here.
Seriously, we have like, Atlas is bringing out Divinity II, the Dragon Knight saga, which
is kind of an update to Divinity II with all the extra bonuses.
That's coming out in May or April.
By the way, there was some chatter earlier that accused me of never listening to Loki.
I just want to point out it's been proven it goes both ways.
Oh, I never listen to anybody.
It's called multitasking.
That's how we do this live show where we interact with the chat room, talk to each other, and
take calls, like the call we have on the line right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, this is excellent.
Hi, how are you, buddy?
Doing good.
I don't know how I'm going to, I don't know what to say now.
I'm flabbergasted compared to that last caller.
That's all right.
That's the one update.
I don't know if I can do that.
You're becoming like the Ranma of the new year.
You're getting on this show every week.
That's interesting.
But hey, if no one else is calling in.
No, I try not to.
It's all you, buddy.
I try not.
I don't try to call unless one, you need the calls, or two, I have something to call in
about.
All right.
Well, what does it happen to be tonight?
One or two?
Two, actually.
All right.
What do you have to talk about tonight?
I want to talk about the next gen.
Yes, please.
A lot of people talk about that tonight.
I think the price point is even scaring me.
I liked what they were... Well, I was going to say, a lot of the things I liked when I
saw... I was watching the coverage as it came out, and I liked the little bit that
I saw, and the fact that I could actually have a handheld that plays quality games of
that of the PS3 would be absolutely amazing, but the price point, the fact that I know
it's going to come out, it's going to be like, oh, it's $799 or $800.
So that's what's going to scare me more than anything.
That one will be like, okay, I'm going to have to put that in the back burner for like
three years before getting in and trying to catch up with everybody else, so...
It will never sell if it's over $500.
Sorry, I just... This is the perfect time for us to kind of take a step back.
Let's hop in the time machine and go back to five years ago, 2006.
You ready?
Back in 2006, it was the Sony E3 press conference.
You ready?
Here you go.
Ridge Racer.
The essence of the PlayStation DNA is real change, and the consumers are ready.
Genji 2 is an action game which is based on Japanese history.
Ridge Racer.
Being based on history, the stages of the game will also be based on famous battles
which actually took place in ancient Japan.
So here's this giant enemy crab.
Ridge Racer.
And you attack its weak point for massive damage.
It's Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
PlayStation 3 will retail for $599.
$599.
$599.
Giant enemy crab.
$599.
$599.
$599.
It's Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
Can't wait for E3 this year.
Sony always brings the lols.
By the way, that's one of my favorite YouTubes ever.
Ridge Racer.
That's one of my favorite YouTubes on the entirety of YouTube.
It's the Sony press conference in one minute.
For the love of God, make a new Ridge Racer game.
Ridge Racer.
Let's see here. Ridge Racer for the Xbox was the same as Ridge Racer 7.
Was the same as Ridge Racer on the PSP.
Was the same as Ridge Racer on, well actually the PSP version was like 4.
But the 3DS version is basically the same as Ridge Racer 7 and Ridge Racer 6.
All they're doing, they're not even putting any new effort into it.
It's like, eh, let's put the game over.
New cars, eh, let's port the game over.
X-ominor think that'll cost 599 US Crabs.
Alright.
Those are historically accurate crabs.
Alright, I'm sorry X-Link. We're getting away from what you wanted to talk about.
Did he, X-Link?
No, no, it's quite alright. I'm not gonna keep it too long.
It sounds like our connections seem pretty bad here, so.
Uh, well so, so-
But no, I just wanted to say that though, because you know, a lot of people, you know, like, I'm in between jobs right now.
I don't have 599 dollars to spend.
I don't, I do have a job and I don't have 599 US dollars to spend.
Uh, I'm a little freaked out with the price.
This thing better blow me if it's gonna be that much money.
I better just do more than that. My god.
This thing better come with a love gun or something, I don't know.
Alright. If they do, if they port gal gun-
Start talking to you sexually?
To the NGP. Yeah, I wanted to talk dirty to me for 599 US dollars.
I know, Rob.
If there's a gal gun on the NGP, then I might be able to be talked into it. I don't know.
Well, you know, this is gonna be a fun year nonetheless for E3.
And it's gonna be a lot of fun because this is gonna be probably the year of let's see who wound up who and what category and what area.
So, yeah, this is gonna be a lot of fun, I have to say.
He's shooting his love pheromones into that plant's mouth.
I can't, alright.
XLink, I'm sorry, they're still fascinated with gal guns, so I gotta let you go.
But have a good night, and thanks for calling.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, no problem.
Later.
Yes, you too. Okay, bye bye.
Oh my god, poor Inksfall on her from Ragnarok.
It's gal gun! Gal gun!
Ah, now everybody in chat's just being dirty.
Ah, you're all being dirty. SSJ100Matt says, Fleshlight attachment coming in June 2012.
Well, since you all are being dirty, let me bring this up.
Have you all heard of that show My Strange Obsession that's on TLC, the network that brings you hoarders and intervention and all that?
If it's got midgets or multiple kids, it's on our network.
TLC now has the show My Strange Obsession where they like to show things like there was the chick that ate couch material.
Yes, I remember that.
She ate the foam inside couches. A chick that slept with her blow dryer.
I saw that.
Well, this week, or maybe it was this last week, I don't know, they are going to have a guy who is infatuated with his real doll.
His love doll.
Good lord.
That believes he is married to it or something like that. I don't know what the deal was.
It was something like he treats the doll like it's a real person and sleeps with it at night.
Wasn't that a movie?
More than one way.
This is real life, apparently. This is not like Weekend at Bernie's. This is the real deal.
No, it wasn't. They had a member of us with... I don't remember the guy's name.
Nah, I think I know what you're talking about. Was that Simone? About the virtual chick that comes to life?
No, no, no, no.
De Niro was in that, but that movie went straight to video.
Oh.
No, there was a movie about this guy who had a love doll or something like that.
And it was like him and the whole town kind of pretended it was real.
For no reason. I don't know.
That sounds like a dumbass movie.
It was one of those fucking artsy films. I don't know what it is.
It was one of those things where I was like, really? I'm not gonna go see that.
Something the wife made you watch?
Oh, I forgot to mention! Oh my god.
Gaming Week. Totally forgot.
This week we had this kind of a kickoff for the 2011 year type thing.
They had people from different branches out and stuff and they were doing these team building events and stuff like that.
From Salacious Pop, Lance and the Real Girl.
Yes, that's it. Thank you.
Anyways, because I'm too lazy to look that up.
So they had a bunch of Connect Adventure games that we were competing in teams for high scores and we win stuff.
And I'd like to say that two out of the three days we kicked the crap out of everybody.
The third day, or actually I should say the first day, we would have won had we played together, both myself and my co-worker.
Instead we were on separate teams with other people, which is why we lost.
We won like $80 worth of movie passes.
Nice! What movie are you taking me to?
Well, we don't go to see movies very often, so when we do go we're gonna get popcorn, hot dogs...
$80 plus your kids.
$60 in bulk candy.
It's just a matter of time before your kids are gonna wanna go see every Disney movie, so you know.
I mean, maybe a couple years, but still.
Yeah, a couple years.
I just thought it was funny that we kicked the crap out of them.
Well, yeah, you're the video game team. You're supposed to kick the crap out of them.
Yeah.
Alright.
It was awesome.
Well, that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys who got through.
If you didn't get through, you can always email us.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
But we're gonna go ahead and start to wrap up the show tonight.
It's a little early, but I guess it wasn't outside of the NGP.
Not a whole lot to say.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
We can just have an extra long after birth.
Uh, Darth Saker, your final thought tonight?
Uh...
Alright.
And by the way, the chat room is yelling. It's actually Lars and the real girl, not Lance.
And Salacious Pop says, it's actually really good, thank you very much.
I heard it was actually good.
Thank you very much.
It just looked dumb.
You know, sorry.
I don't know.
Alright.
My final thought tonight is, it's like I'm walking on sunshine.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, I never would have thought that Pandora would introduce me to a bunch of awesome music that I never would have heard of, thanks to Pandora.
Although it also introduced me to a lot of crappy music and music that I've heard of, you know, numerous times.
But, you know, it's a little difficult to hit, you know, the thumbs up and thumbs down while driving my car.
Good point.
Alright, well thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking us out.
If you've enjoyed Orange Lounge Radio, all we ask you guys, tell a couple people about our show.
Word of mouth is how we spread the word.
That's how we've been doing it for the past nine years.
We're not able to advertise in video game magazines or have E3 booths or, you know, have any of that.
We don't have a full-fledged team bringing news to you.
This isn't our day jobs.
We work very hard with balancing our family lives and all that stuff in this show.
And that's all we ask.
It's not a pity story.
It's just all we ask.
Help us spread the word about our little show.
And that's all we really want.
Leave us nice reviews on iTunes.
All that fun stuff.
And if you didn't like our show, fine.
Don't listen to it ever again.
But support other indie podcasters.
They do a lot of hard work.
Especially, of course, you know, we're a little partial to the folks at AllGames.com and the varieties of shows that are there.
But even if you're like, I hate every single show on AllGames, fine.
You're a real picky bitch.
But there's got to be something in the indie universe that's for you.
So support independent podcasting.
Thank you very much, guys.
Have a wonderful week.
We will see you back here next week for episode number 400 OMG.
Until then, good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.AllGames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
