Tonight, January 23rd, 2011, the 3DS US launch gets some details, Final Fantasy games get
sequels and new names, and after over a decade we finally have a release date for Duke Nukem
Forever.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
We are live with our 398th episode on this January 23rd, 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you every week.
With me, as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
How are you, Dark Sakura?
I have hobbit shoes.
How are you?
Am I not hearing you at all?
Am I muted?
The fabulousness of live radio.
Try again.
La, la, la.
Much better.
Okay.
I'm wearing my hobbit shoes.
What is the hobbit shoes?
I have Vibram five finger multi-sport shoes.
They're the shoes that look like feet.
They're not really shoes.
I'll take a picture.
They're like Spiderman webbing that go on your feet and they're the strangest things.
They're foot gloves.
They're the strangest things I've ever seen.
But they're comfortable and when they break in they're supposed to be really good for
your feet and give you a natural stride.
Would you play DDR in those?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've seen people do it before.
Might be interesting.
But I'm gonna take a...
Play some Dance Central.
Shake your booty.
I'm not gonna play Dance Central.
I'm gonna play Dance Masters.
Really?
You wouldn't...
Oh, Dance Central's great.
Hara-para.
Dance Masters gets old after like the first five songs you play.
I don't care.
Don't care.
All right.
Whatever.
Let's see if Tech Master Loki cares.
Hi, Loki.
I don't care about Dance Masters.
And we don't hear you either.
What is going on?
It's called ill preparation.
Apparently.
I don't know what this is all about tonight.
Plus that mic.
Everyone's up with it.
I don't know.
You've been getting quieter and quieter every week.
It's because I'm talking quieter and quieter.
They get really loud!
Exactly.
That's why we have to be careful how we tune it for you.
I do that on purpose.
All right.
Well, how's your week been, Loki?
It's been fine.
Yeah?
Good times.
Anything exciting going on with the baby?
Growing?
Getting older?
He's eating some...
He's starting solid foods, I guess.
I saw the avocado post.
He's eating avocado, rice cereal, and...
What else?
When's it okay to start feeding a baby bacon?
Not for a long time.
Oh, what a bummer.
He's getting...
Well, it's avocado, rice cereal, and...
Cheerios!
I think that's actually it, avocado and rice cereal.
But then he's going to be eating, I think, carrots this week.
All right.
Well, good luck in the baby adventures.
Anyhow, we're going to get into how we always like to start off the show.
How was your gaming week?
But first, of course, I want to introduce the chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com with us here every week.
The always present fourth guest on the show, as we say.
And lots of people making the connection.
I'd written a tweet about this earlier on my Twitter account.
Episode number 400, the way things are right now, will end up being the same day as the
Super Bowl.
That's just great.
That's just fabulous.
Our 400th episode is going to be the same day as the Super Bowl.
I don't know if we really have anything exciting planned, though.
I mean, it's just...
I don't know.
It's just...
After this long...
I have something exciting planned.
I know you've got a little, a little something.
But both of you need to actually stay instead of depart super quick after the show.
I've offered, I don't know how many times, but anyway.
You're not the one I'm worried about, Loki.
All right, but anyway, besides all that stuff, 400 is coming up.
And I don't know if we're doing anything too exciting, special.
You know, I don't know.
After however long we've been doing the show, nine years or whatever, the self-congratulatory
episodes, there's been enough of them.
So we'll see.
500 is the really big deal, or 10 years, whatever comes first, which I guess would actually
be 10 years.
But anyway, enough of that.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games you have been playing
this week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Um, I made level 75 on World of Warcraft.
And got two of my friends to play.
Addict.
Now I'm the dealer.
Um...
That's what pyramid scheme I say.
Pyramid head scheme.
Ah.
And, uh, I played some Portal.
And uh, some more Mushihime-sama.
And lots of Solitaire.
Because I was at school.
And I updated and installed my own Linux Mint 10 by myself.
On two computers.
And fixed the networking problems.
Now, I know I've heard you talk favorably of Linux Mint before as something you like
to use as another OS besides just, you know, Windows.
What is the advantage, I guess, of doing Linux on one system and Windows on the other?
Specifically in the case of my netbook, it uses less memory and less space.
And if I need to, I can actually boot it off of a USB that I've installed Linux on.
So say that, you know, this computer that I'm on now, say that something goes haywire
in it, all I have to do is boot it off of Linux and I can run through the file system.
And if I need to delete something, I can.
Good times.
It works on everything.
Well, it makes sense.
Uh, there's some folks in our chat room talking about episode 400, by the way.
SalaciousPop in our chat room says, episode 400 is going to be a drunk show, I thought.
That's right.
We had mentioned something about that, hadn't we?
Yes, we have.
Perhaps.
Maybe that will happen.
Um...
And then, uh, SSJ100Matt says, we need Rice Princess and Extifer for episode 400.
We'll see.
We invite them, they'll make it all about them.
If you listen to Hoard House, you'll know, so.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Nothing is impossible.
So that's it for Dark Soccer's Gaming Week.
We'll move on over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
I played a couple things, um, I tried, I don't know, just for the hell of it, I tried that
one, um, free game that was made by that 14-year-old or something like that, some bubble something
or other.
And, um, it was okay for a few minutes and then I was like, wow, this looks like a really
cheaply made game.
And I got bored with it.
Why do you think it's doing so well?
This is that iPhone, iTouch game.
I hope because people like fucking human interest stories and because people are simpletons
and they like free shit and as long as it has a good storyteacher, well, I better support
it because the 14-year-old made it.
Great.
You know, 14-year-olds make a lot of shit.
Usually.
Yeah.
Um, but, you know, whatever, you know, these are the same people like Angry Birds, so,
you know, one of my, it's not a stretch for them, I guess, um, then I, I literally dusted
off my PS3, uh, to finally put the 500, those things are dust magnets.
You don't dust them off, they'll turn gray.
Yeah.
So, um, I dusted it off and I finally installed my 500 gig hard drive that I had for it and
then I, um, did the noble thing and I installed a custom firmware on it and now all my systems
are modded as they should be.
You're so proud.
It was seriously the black sheep of the bunch and, you know, now, now it's all perfect.
And I know I've read stories about systems bricking and stuff like that, but seriously,
if you just wait a little bit to make sure everything's okay, let the dust settle, you're
all good.
And it's so easy to do, it's seriously scary.
Um, so I did that and then, um, played a little bit of Planet 2, a little bit of that, um,
just a few levels and then a couple, actually just one online level and, um, it's fun.
I like Little Big Planet 1, I mean, that was a fun game, and Little Big Planet 2, obviously
very similar to that, they have some new features that they added in there.
I don't really care for the grappling hook too much and, and I don't know if it's just
the design of the, you know, Dualshock 3 analog sticks or something like that, but for some
reason I was having issues with it trying to, you know, swing my character back and
forth and having the grappling hook, you know, change length, which would normally be controlled
by the up and down on the analog, even though I'm not pushing up and down on the analog,
it was just very, the dead zones for it were really, um, really large, I guess.
So it was difficult to accurately get it to swing and adjust the, you know, size of the
grappling hook and stuff like that.
So it actually killed my character one time, but it's alright, it's kind of cool.
And then I played someone's user recreated levels, the first person shooter Resident
Evil thing, and that was actually kind of cool, um, definitely different and a good
indicator of what you can do with, um, Little Big Planet 2, and then there was also like
a top down RPG game that someone made, um, which I tried out, that was pretty cool.
So, um, lots of unique stuff and I like how they're kind of hinting at some of the things
that you can do in like the first few levels, like they have the ability where you can link
two different levels together or more than two levels together, so like for example say
you wanted to create, you know, like a Mario Brothers game, you can do that, you can create
all the different levels and then just link them all together.
And I'm sure it's only a matter of time before somebody does create Mario Brothers in Little
Big Planet.
It's probably already happened, actually.
Oh, I'm sure it already has.
But it's really cool, I mean, I really, I've been trying to play it for like the longest
time, but you know, trying to be able to play a game on my big TV, um, it's not really working
out for me.
Thankfully though, and this will also kind of help out with, if I have to ever stream
DJ Hero 3 or something, I have a new capture card for my laptop that I can just plug into
USB, so it allows me to play games and just hook straight up to my laptop and I can play
it off the screen, no lag, so, um, that'll give me an additional screen to play Little
Big Planet on.
Go into our chatroom at chat.orangelandscreeter.com, there's some people that are asking about
your hacking habits, uh, BlackWolf says, now you never have to pay for another game, yay!
Which is a very tongue-in-cheek comment from BlackWolf because he's actually very anti-video
game piracy.
Uh, but, Loki, you do still buy games, you bought, what, like seven copies of Grand Theft
Auto IV on various systems or something?
And, uh, it's not like you don't pay for games.
Uh, so then, I guess this leads to the question from AkumaJP, Loki, what is the benefit of
custom firmware for the PS3?
Lots of things.
One, um, you can play all the different homebrew stuff that they have on there.
You can add different features to your system.
It's just really early, so a lot of the stuff we don't know yet what you're gonna be able
to do with it, but, um, yes, there's definitely the backing up portion of it that you can
back up games and, you know, pirate stuff if you want to, um, will I do that?
Probably not, because I had the ability to jailbreak my PS3 for the longest time, I actually
had the tools to do it, but, I just didn't, there was no reason, like, I literally sat
there going, well, I could do this and pirate a bunch of games, but, there's no real games
I wanna play!
I mean, so, it's like, that's sad, I mean, if I really don't wanna, you know, if there's
nothing I really wanna play on there, then, I don't know, but.
As long as I've known you and as long as I've been doing this show with you, you've always
kind of been the type to me that just likes to do it because you can.
Like, you know, because somebody's like, you're not supposed to hack your PS3 to be able to
run this, and you're very much the type that's like, well, yes I can, you know, I'm gonna
do it anyway, and then it is.
Pretty much, yeah.
So, alright, anyhow, is that it for your gaming week?
Oh, I wanted to ask you something about Little Big Planet 2, excuse me, Little Big Planet
2, what was, kind of, you mentioned there's some new features and so forth, what was one
of the first things that jumped at you that you noticed was different about the game from
Little Big Planet 1?
Um, I mean, the springboards, I guess, that was like the first thing that they show that's
different.
Um, I like, it did import my character and all my stuff that they had collected in the
first game, which is kind of cool.
Um, I don't know, there's not a lot right now that's different, it's just a few different
things, but I mean, I know that the game is gonna be really, because it's kind of, I'm
still going through the first few levels of the game where the tutorial levels, you know,
so they haven't really introduced a ton of stuff yet, it's just very much like the first
game right now, um, but that's alright, because the first game was awesome.
Um, I did, I do like how they had some voice acting in the game, like the cut scenes, the
cut scenes are actually, um, very unique, um, and then also I like how, and I'm not
sure if the Da Vinci character or whatever is voiced by John Cleese, but it sounds like
it, and then later on, because they only have voice acting through the cut scenes, through
the rest of the game, he's just kind of mumbling, it sounds like John Cleese mumbling, which
is kind of funny.
I thought they had gotten his talent to voice something, I don't know if it was that, but
maybe a different, no it was Fable 3 I'm thinking of.
Yeah, he was the butler.
I don't know, he very well could be in the Little Big Planet as well, I didn't follow
it that closely.
Sadly, I did not get to play Little Big Planet 2 this week, because I'm trying to save money
right now, so I can't justify a lot of new $60 games, and so for that reason, I don't
have a lot of new games to report on this week sadly, haven't played anything really
brand brand new, except I will mention this, because it's kind of different, and along
with all the like, I guess, doing things you're not supposed to do with your system stuff
that Loki's been talking about, I got an app that got pulled from the app store about like
12 hours after it was up, so I'm kind of happy I got this app.
It's called iDOS, and it's for the phones, and it's basically a DOS emulator for the
iPhone.
Awesome.
So, what you can do is that there's various like DOS games that were actually kind of
included in the little store that come with it, like Duke Nukem, the original side scroller
is in it, and Wolfenstein 3D, the shareware episode is available there, and so on.
And let's see, I can actually fire up, I'm gonna fire up Wolfenstein 3D here real quick
on the phone, so you can kind of see this.
The only thing that kind of sucks about it, which actually is a really big drawback, is
that, again, the iPhone makes for a shitty controller, a very shitty controller, especially
when there's like eight different buttons on here to be able to play this, which is
next to impossible.
So you can kind of like, I don't know if you can hear like the old school ad-lib sound
effects there in the mic, but yeah, perhaps, but it's kind of cool.
But just playing it is a pain in the ass, like it just, it doesn't play very well, so.
It's just cool for a minute to say, hehe, DOS games I remember from when I was 12, but
until they get more tangible controls for this thing, it's just gonna be a little ridiculous,
I think.
Plus, I kind of like the fact that I got this app when I wasn't supposed to have it, woohoo!
So that's really the only, like, woohoo!
The only one I wanted to get, actually, that got pulled immediately was Minecrafted, which
was the Minecraft client for- Really?
I didn't even know they had that, okay.
Yeah, it was very brief.
It's supposed to be coming back later, but it was like a leaked version of it.
Funny, though, you mentioned Duke Nukem and stuff like that.
Well, Duke Nukem was on the store, I think, already, and then Wolfenstein is actually
available through, well, through Cydia, if you have a jailbroken device.
Which I don't.
I don't know, I'm like- And yes, it still controls like crap.
I know hella people jailbreak their iPhone and they even came out on the courts and said
that you can or whatever, but I just, I don't know, I'm all paranoid about that stuff, because
this thing is like my life, my texting, my phone, I can't have it go wrong.
Well, but you're already on 4- It's not worth it to relive Wolfenstein 3D
all over again, you know what I mean?
No, it's not.
So that's kind of my perspective on it, so.
Alright, so that was really it for my gaming week, otherwise just more of the same stuff,
you know, WoW, Pac-Man, the new Championship Edition deluxe, and so forth.
So, that's it for my week.
Some quick housekeeping before we get into tonight's news.
You can, of course, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r, and we're also available
on Facebook at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, and of course we do tape live at All
Games Radio, allgames.com every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show, if you ever do want to come in and join a live episode.
Please do join us sometime, we'd like to reach you.
Maybe you can sync your PS, or your iPhone with a PS3, they were saying use it as a router
for a controller.
Well, you don't even have to really necessarily do that, some actual homebrew programs through
like Cydia and stuff like that, it allows you to sync a Wii remote to your iPod or iPad
to play Nintendo or Super Nintendo games.
It's just not worth it.
It's pretty awesome, though.
Too much, too much work for not enough payoff.
Alright, let's move on to tonight's news, we will start off with, of course, the one
and only Loki tonight.
Yes.
So it's kind of sad, they were trying to find a buyer for bizarre entertainment, or bizarre
creations or whatever, and unfortunately Activision was unable to do so, that's, dude, they put
out some pretty awesome racing games and hell, they had a pretty awesome arcade shooter game.
I can't believe no one wanted to buy the developer of the original Project Gotham games and Geometry
Wars, which was huge.
Microsoft?
Hello?
I'm shocked.
Shocked.
But anyways, but I mean, this is kind of a trend if you think about it, I mean, look
at Harmonix, they're all, oh, nope, no buyers for Harmonix either, I mean, other than themselves.
I don't know, maybe just people aren't snapping up developers anymore, but I mean, I guess
Blur didn't do as well as they had hoped, and, god, I can't remember their stupid running
gun shooter that they had.
Wasn't there a James Bond game that had come out recently?
Oh yeah, yeah, the last James Bond game, but, I mean, come on though, what do you expect,
and this is Activision's fault, I'm sorry, this is plainly their fault, what do you expect
when you release a okay first person shooter the week before Black Ops?
I mean, seriously, you expect it to do well?
No, they expected it to die!
So I don't know, it could have done a lot better if it was released in a different part
of the year or next year or whatever, and it really was, oh, well, we have the license
to the Bond series, ah crap, they're not making another movie, well, we need to make some
money off of this license we paid for, so let's make a game.
And ironically now they are making another Bond movie, didn't they announce that a couple
weeks ago?
And they're just making another game?
Huh.
Interesting.
That's not bizarre.
That's such a bummer, I mean, I had heard somewhere, I don't remember, it was earlier
in the week, so forgive me if my memory is a little rusty, but there's some type of new
tax in, I don't know if it's Britain, the greater part of Britain, or if it's just this
area that the Bizarre Creations studio is in that has something to do with video games
that actually may have had an impact that maybe was too expensive to keep these guys
up and running where they're at now.
It's one of those, you know, it's cheaper to get folks in another country to do the
development or whatever.
Yeah, well they're basically recommending that they close them now, is the recommendation
I guess.
And I guess they recently did the same thing with Budcat in the US.
Well I'm hoping that, you know, it's one of those for every door that closes and other
opens type of scenarios where at least these guys might get, you know, on their feet somewhere
else, or maybe they'll do that thing where they start up their own darn studio, which
we've seen a lot of developers in the past do.
You never know.
Try some different ideas.
I can't believe that means there's never going to be another Geometry Wars game.
Eh, whatever.
Unless, well, I don't know, I really like that series.
I ain't really going to improve upon that, I mean.
Eh, I guess you could look at it that way, but, and I guess technically, what, Activision
would own that, so they could always have one of their other developing houses do it,
but I don't know, it just, it wouldn't be the same.
Yeah.
So, well, that's too bad.
Chat dot orange lounge radio dot com for some comments.
Uh, Ezominar chat room says, this is probably a time where they would rather purchase intellectual
properties to re-release rather than take on new employees.
AlphaKananagram says, WTF, Geometry Wars 2 is the shit.
I agree, Geometry Wars 2 is awesome, and it's kind of a bummer.
But maybe since the Xbox Live Arcade especially, and, and I guess to some extent the PlayStation
Network, is pretty easy to develop for, I mean, I'm, I don't know, I'm not a video game
developer, but I am assuming that what, the, the folks that put out Super Meat Boy, not
exactly a large development studio, correct?
Wasn't it like three or four different people kind of buds getting together doing this game?
Pretty much.
And granted, it's not on PlayStation Network, but it could have been, because I think they
have some dealio with Microsoft.
So my hope, maybe these guys that end up losing their stuff at Bazaar can kind of go and develop
maybe for these smaller platforms, like handhelds and Xbox Live Arcade, the Geometry Wars-esque
sort of games, or whatever other ideas they might have, because, you know, Blur was a
pretty good idea too.
That was a, I, I really think if there had been a Blur 2, it would have been awesome.
Blur 1, it was a good game, but it did need some work.
But I love that idea of the arcade racer meets Mario Kart, and the commercials for that were
always so awesome, where it was, um, the little Mario Kart cute characters that are practically
getting run over by the adult- Better yet, make it an arcade game.
Perhaps.
Perhaps.
Uh, Derek H. in our chat room seems to agree with me.
I hope the people from Bazaar reform a new studio.
I hope so too, or at least a good portion of them.
I hear respawn's hiring.
Never know what might happen.
Alright, moving on to some other news, and this has something to do with kind of like
basement development, if you will, on a very large scale.
StarCraft 2, of course, you know, has some very flexible development materials, we'll
say, in the game.
And people have been able to make all sorts of games within StarCraft 2, hell, there's
an endorsed by Blizzard shooter that's actually in the game, like a shoot-em-up type game
that's there.
Well, somebody has actually gone to such great lengths, they have created World of StarCraft,
and in looking at some of the screenshots in these movies that were subsequently pulled
from YouTube, I'll get to that in a minute, they really had kind of a look and feel, if
you will, of World of Warcraft, but with the StarCraft universe, where you could pick different
classes such as, say, Marine, or what have you, and the different factions in the game,
of course, being the three factions that are with StarCraft.
Well, there were some teasers that were up on the internet, and they got pulled pretty
quickly.
Blizzard put the smackdown on those and took them down.
And a lot of people were saying, boo, Blizzard, you guys are a bunch of bastards for taking
this stuff down, why would you do that?
And the modder who created this, Ryan Wenzel, you know, even kind of went on his own forums
saying, I don't really know what's going on right now, you guys, this is all kind of developing
at a fast pace.
Well, here's the deal.
Activision Blizzard is actually not trying to shut down this mod altogether, but I think
the problem that they're having is that it's the World of StarCraft name that they don't
like.
They don't want this guy making his mod called World of StarCraft.
So it looks like this MMO is actually going to continue on, but under a new name.
By the way, Ryan Wenzel, the modder, has actually been invited by Blizzard to go meet the StarCraft
2 development team.
Interesting.
Also, this whole thing expanded so fast.
He was also invited by the folks that made the MMO League of Legends.
I don't know if you've seen that, but that's like Defense of the Ancients kind of, actually
that is a game I did get to see like 15 seconds of a little bit this weekend.
One of my friends is into that.
And it's like a Defense of the Ancients kind of like game, the old mod.
The people that make that invited this guy to go interview with him.
So his net celebrity went up like exponentially real quick.
That's cool.
Yeah, it's kind of cool.
It was cool that he was invited by Blizzard though, because Blizzard was like, dude, dude,
dude, it's not the mod we're not cool with.
It's the name.
So hopefully they're going to be able to work this out.
And Blizzard wanted to make it clear.
It was never our intention to stop development on the mod, but with the name so closely resembling
that of World of Warcraft, we wanted to discuss the title of the mod with the developer.
And as part of our routine procedure, we contacted YouTube to request the video be removed while
that discussion took place.
Such a little like politically correct way of saying that.
So, interesting, huh?
Yeah.
It's like, we're not trying to be jerks, but no.
It's all branding.
It's also, I think what's going on here, the unsaid part too, is it's a lot of that big
company syndrome where I'm sure the developers actually kind of had their eyebrows raised
going, that's kind of cool what this kid did.
Whereas the legal team and the protections of all this were like, hell no, shut it down.
You don't protect it, you lose it.
Exactly.
So I think, whereas the development team was like, yeah, come on over and play with us
for a day.
Let's see what you're up to.
The legal team was like, hell no, you need to shut it down under this name.
So it's kind of interesting how that all works together.
That sounds very corporate to me.
Well, you know what else is stupid?
What is stupid?
Nintendo.
What?
You don't say.
Well, basically, they were talking to Kotaku and said that they didn't see any reason to
put in some sort of trophy or achievement system because they don't want to tell people
how to play the games to get some kind of, quote, mythical reward.
The US exec Bill Trinen is quoted saying, basically, the way the games are designed
is they're designed for you to explore the game yourself and have a sense of discovery.
So it's like, we don't want to give you directions on what to do in the game.
We want you to find everything on your own.
Which I understand that.
And they say that they're not really against the idea of trophies.
They just don't want it to be the whole purpose for playing the game.
They believe that except for Super Smash Bros. Brawl, in which case they don't care about
that.
Well, that's what I said.
They are not against them.
It's just that they don't want that to be the full basis of the game.
I just don't think they want to license the rights to, you know how a lot of these people
copyright different things or have patents for trophy systems and stuff like that?
They probably just don't want to license that crap.
I have no idea and neither do I care.
It's just, they, I kind of think it's interesting that they went on the limb to say this.
Since everybody else is doing it.
Once Xbox started having it, Playstation had it, and they have them in MMOs and all kinds
of stuff.
Way to go Nintendo.
Way to not embrace something that's popular right now.
Online gameplay, meh, whatever, we don't need that.
Trophies, eh, we don't need that.
Organized community, eh, whatever.
I don't know.
Like I get this story and all, but it strikes me a little bit as a reason that's invented
after the fact.
Like that the Wii simply was not programmed to have this type of functionality in it.
And I sort of get that because the Wii doesn't have anything like Xbox Live, like Playstation
Network.
There's no centralized Wii service except for, granted, Wii Connect 24, the thing that
lets you send the mails and all that stuff and the friend code play online.
But I don't know.
It just, I don't know enough about how computers talk to each other and how the internet actually
works, but it doesn't strike me as quite the centralized system that the other two are.
It could be patched in later if they really wanted to.
They did it with the PSP.
Or they're launching a new console.
You know, they could kind of roll it out with that if they wanted to.
I don't know.
I just feel like there might be a little more value in Virtual Console, especially if they're
gonna try to get us to buy the same games again on the 3DS, to have some type of trophy
room for actually having played these games and getting scores on them.
I mean, even if it's just a frickin' high score table, fuck, I'd take Game Center over
nothing.
You know what I mean?
And Game Center, not that great.
But it's better than nothing.
I also personally don't care about achievements myself.
I just play the games to enjoy them and have fun.
I do, I get that, but it's sort of like, it's kind of nice to have that little pat on the
back.
To have that in your portfolio.
The only reason I've tried to get any achievements in World of Warcraft is for the experience.
Because, you know, I've got experience points for it.
Yeah.
That's it.
You get experience points for doing quests and stuff, but you don't get-
I got them for getting the exploration ones.
Oh yeah, because you get experience points.
Yeah, I get it.
Yeah.
But other than that, I don't care.
It really just, I, you know, I laughed at that one because I thought it was funny, but
other than that, it was like, okay, someone did something that they were gonna be doing
anyway.
But yeah, since you bring that up, Blizzard also doesn't really have a centralized server
for achievements.
Like, you can't, you know, this came up on a previous episode of Hoard House, you can't
link your Starcraft and your Warcraft achievements together right now.
Maybe when Diablo comes out, there'll be like some type of Blizzard centralized thing.
But then again, that'll only ever be for Blizzard games.
It's never gonna connect to the Steam and all the Steam achievements.
I do, I get that it's starting to get a little fragmented.
It is a little silly that, you know, you have your set on the Wii and your set on the 360
and the Playstation 3, and it really should just be about beating the game start to finish.
But I don't know, I sorta like having that little, that little sticker in my book that
says, you did something really weird in this game, you know?
Rob, I know how we can fix that problem.
How?
We just take a page out of Activision's book, we send out patches.
Fuck yes!
Just like they did back in the Atari 2600 day, that would be amazing, like, that you
should get the actual patches for, and if you, you know, didn't read about this way
back in the day, back in the 80s when the Atari 2600 was big, you could take a picture
of your screen if you get a high score on a game, send it into Activision, and if it
was above a certain threshold that would be in the instruction manual, they would send
you a patch that you could like put on your leather jacket and, you know, hey, I'm cool.
And I'm pretty sure that's where the whole idea of achievements on a 360 came from in
the first place.
It's really a bummer, actually, that when they did Game Room, uh, you didn't have any
type of resurgence of this, you know what I mean?
I mean, I guess there were the little trophies in Game Room, but it wasn't quite the same,
you know?
Because patches are expensive, and if a publisher doesn't have to make unnecessary expenses
like that, they won't.
But if you print them in mass, it's not that bad.
It would be awesome, though.
I mean, come on, I've seen some of the tchotchke crap that they just push out for certain game
titles that are terrible, but, um, I don't know.
They could do it.
They're just being lazy.
Spagenator in our chatroom says, I wonder if they'll ever be a Diablo MMO.
It's kind of World of Warcraft, actually.
When I first played World of Warcraft, I was feeling a lot more Diablo than I was Warcraft,
because Warcraft is an RTS, and World of Warcraft really isn't, so it's interesting.
Derek H. says he had a patch for Barnstorming, and DefectiveCandy says my grandfather had
one of those patches.
So, some people remember those patches.
Well, see, that's the thing.
That's how awesome it was.
People are still talking about them today.
See, if they did that now, that would be awesome.
People would be talking about them for a long time.
But no.
Missed opportunity.
It's all about cash now.
Unfortunate.
Alright, well, what else is in the news, Loki?
Big stuff.
The 3DS.
They finally had the announcement of the release date for the 3DS and the price.
We knew it was going to be in March.
Now it's been pinpointed to March 27th.
The price is going to be $2.50 in the US, or I guess North America, and they're saying
that they're going to have quite a few launch games available for that and whatnot.
Not really certain on which games are going to make the launch, although two that have
been nailed down in the launch period by Nintendo, coming from Nintendo.
Unfortunately, are Pilotwings and Nintendogs plus cats.
I liked Pilotwings back on the Super Nintendo.
The Pilotwings game looked neat, Nintendogs and cats...
I know the game's going to suck.
I know, it's one of those things where it's like, it would be awesome to try, but I don't
want it.
Because I know I will get bored with it so quick.
It's just...
I know exactly what you mean, it's just like the original Nintendogs.
You read about it on paper and all the features they're putting in, you're like, oh man, this
sounds like it's going to be really cool.
And then I just know it, just like the first Nintendogs.
I buy the game and it's going to be dumb after 30 minutes.
You know what I mean?
You're like, God, I have to feed it every day, I have to play with it every day.
Nintendogs is kind of, at least the original one, is kind of an overblown Facebook game.
The original Nintendogs has a lot in common with a Facebook game.
I don't know, I can't explain it, but it's what it feels like to me.
Yeah.
Some of the interesting things that they were talking about, which is kind of weird, is
the system actually has a pedometer built into it, and you get coins by walking around.
So you earn coins that you can spend in games for different things.
And then they have an activity log, which attracts your gameplay as well as your steps.
They're also talking about how you can make Mii's in the interface, and they have that
cool feature where you can take a picture of yourself and give you a bunch of different
options for Mii's and stuff.
You can import your Mii's from the Wii.
But you can't go the other way.
Yeah, just because it's, well, because they say it's more complex for, you know, than
the Wii system.
The one on the 3DS is Mii 2.0.
Yeah, and it makes sense because if you think about it though, it all comes down to the
fact that they can't patch games, because they have all the Mii's and stuff in the backgrounds
on the games, but they can't display the ones that they don't have the features for, even
if they did an update for the editor or whatever on the Wii to make it more interactive and
stuff and add more features, but it would still not be compatible with those games,
I think.
What do you guys think about that price point, $250 for a 3DS?
Do you think that's fair?
Do you think it's too much?
Because there's some people on the internet that say, you know what, that's too much.
I think it's fine.
I think it makes sense, because they're not going to really have any competition right
now.
And I guarantee that thing will be selling for a lot more than that.
You're not going to be able to find these things.
So you get your orders in while you can, and if you're savvy enough, buy two and sell one
on eBay.
I kind of agree.
I think the price point is actually better than what I was expecting.
I thought it was going to be 3DS, $300 was what I was originally thinking they were going
to do with it, but no, this is actually lower than I thought.
It's right at what I expected, based on what they put out the end retail price.
That makes sense.
And it kind of leaves them a little room to lower it later.
Like if they want to do a cut for Christmas, they probably will.
You know, they could cut it to $200 by Christmas with some type of package.
I don't think they will.
I don't think they need to.
I think it's going to be like the Wii, where it was in short supply for a very long time,
and they're not going to cut that thing for at least a year.
At least a year.
It prints money.
The price scale will come, and probably a new system revision will come out.
I guarantee you that that thing will not be dropping in price by the end of this year.
Every kid will want one too.
Every freaking kid.
It's 3D without glasses.
I mean, come on.
People are like, oh, it's so stupid, you know.
People are just going to be blown away by just seeing the actual screens.
They're just going to be blown away.
I don't even want to quote certain analysts, but there's people out there that have said
they could have charged more than that, and they could have still sold all the units that
they had.
So, I don't know.
I'm looking at some of the comments in our chat room.
Game Guru says, $250 is a bit too expensive for a handheld game system.
Tiger Claw says, when you put the 3DS with the PSP Go, from the price standing point,
the 3DS has the most features.
How much was the PSP Go?
Was the PSP Go $250 as well?
Yeah, but see, okay, there's a difference with the PSP Go and the 3DS, okay?
If the 3DS didn't have it, it'd be like the 3D, the DSi, and not even so the DSi, I guess.
The PSP Go had less features than the PSP, and they came out at a price point that was
more expensive than the current model, and you couldn't buy games for it in stores.
So it had people scratching their heads like, why do you want me to get this?
There's no enhancements to it other than onboard storage, which memory is so cheap nowadays
it doesn't matter.
There's no UMD drive, so I can't play any of the games I normally have right now.
There's no way for me to convert them into a digital format.
I have to rebuy my games if I want to buy the system.
There's some Bluetooth support, great.
But the thing is, and this is the best part, their retail partners or whatever, like GameStops
and stuff like that, or just mom and pop shops, they weren't bringing them in.
Well, GameStop might have, because they have better partnerships with these guys, but individual
mom and pop shops were not bringing them in, because what money are they going to make
off of it?
The system, they're making no money off of it, and they can't sell any software for it,
so they said, fuck them, we're not bringing this shit in.
And people are just like, if you want a PSP, get a PSP 3000.
I still say that today.
Get a PSP 3000 if you're looking at a PSP.
Don't you think you can get a Go anymore?
They slowly phase out.
So has the PSP went?
Let me get to a couple more 3DS stories here, and we'll kind of continue this discussion,
because there are some other interesting developments in the 3DS world.
Some of it has to do with online play.
First off, did you hear that the friend codes are getting reduced to one friend code?
So sadly friend codes aren't going away, but it's one friend code for everything.
So you won't have a separate friend code.
Well I still don't like the idea of a friend code, but I understand that they want that
in there so that the rapists can't rape our children through the internet or something
like that.
Hide your kids, hide your wife.
I don't, I still don't get why you can't just have a name instead of a 16 digit randomized
code.
I mean it's a step in the right direction, but when Nintendo is already three steps behind
you when it comes to online play, that news kind of just makes me go, whatever, it's a
good thing you figured the 3D thing out, because I don't know otherwise.
But that is, I guess whatever.
At least you only have the one friend code, despite the fact that it'll not really be
something customizable.
It is supposed to show you what your friends are playing though.
That sounds like a little better.
Yeah, and there's apparently an app in it that will show you what the status is of your
friends at any time.
So you can see what they're playing or what have you.
So a little more like you're familiar with Xbox Live, even though it's in an app, interesting.
Here's the other thing though that is kind of cool, and to be fair, I should say this
when it comes to friend codes.
If you are connected to another friend local, on the local wireless, you can push a button
to accept or send a friend request and you won't ever have to exchange the number.
The 3DS will just automatically grab the information and there you have it, your friends.
So that's, okay, now that's a little better.
I like that part of it.
So if you will, and you're at a convention, you can push a button and then get gang raped
by friend requests.
Yeah, but it has to be a mutual button pressing, meaning you both have to accept the request.
You know what I mean?
It's a big old friend request gang bang.
I know, the next Penny Arcade Expo or E3, man.
You know, the 3DS will be out by this year's E3, so it's going to be kind of interesting
to see how.
E3 is not so much a fan event as it is a trade slash journalism event, but still, there's
going to be, you know how many fanboys still manage to go to E3 because there are blogs
and so forth.
You know, there'll be plenty of that exchanging and stuff going on.
I wonder if they're going to have like a booth like they did back when the DS was new where
you could kind of do the download of the demos.
So I think that's a good idea.
That used to be cool.
That's how I played Meteos for the first time, which is still one of my favorite DS games
to this day.
Well, you know what my game was at that time?
Electroplankton.
Oh, yes.
I remember that.
Yeah.
I still remember one of the first E3s I went to.
No, it was probably the second one.
I remember when Shane took the Meteos demo with us, you know, because he just left his
standby.
Oh, that's all right.
Yeah.
We all did that one night.
We downloaded the Meteos from the 3D, not 3DS, from the DS station that they had on
the floor, and then we just didn't close, or we didn't turn off the DS.
We would just close the lid, and the battery had been fully charged that morning, so we
closed the lid, took it with us, and then at dinner that night, it was like, let's play
more Meteos.
You know, we still had the demo from the show that morning, so.
And I think, yeah, I don't know if it was Shane or somebody.
Some people didn't, like, they left their DS on and plugged in, like, after E3 was over
so they wouldn't lose the demo, and so they had, some people, I think, had it for, like,
up to a week after the show was over, just to still play it more.
It was a great puzzle game.
Anyhow, another quick story about the 3DS, and this has to do with the Virtual Console.
They did confirm, I mean, we kind of already knew this, but just a confirmation, Game Boy
and Game Boy Color games will be coming to the Virtual Console.
Super Mario Land is the first confirmed, which, by the way, blows, compared to other Mario
games.
It's like, it doesn't even play like other Mario games.
You don't have a fireball, you have this random ball that bounces off walls, and it's like
this Egyptian theme.
I don't think it was supposed to be Mario game at first, I think it was supposed to
be something else.
But whatever.
It's like Mr. Do.
No, well, okay, yeah, the weapon is, I mean, the gameplay is still like a Mario game, but
yeah.
So yeah, Super Mario Land is confirmed.
No word about advanced games, because keep in mind there's no longer an advanced slot
on these things, so no word yet if that's coming in the future or what.
So there you go.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Maybe something not about the 3DS?
Uh, actually, no.
This actually has to do with, well, it has something to do with Nintendo, but not specifically
Nintendo's side.
Yoshinori Ono, who is the producer of Street Fighter IV, said he wants to make Nintendo
vs. Capcom.
And he's quoted as saying that he wants to pitch it to Masahiro Sakurai, who is the creator
of Super Smash Bros.
So I think that that would actually be kind of cool, I mean, they're already doing Marvel
vs. Capcom 3, and then we have Tekken in Street Fighter, so who knows?
Would you like to have Jigglypuff farting on Blanca or something?
That would be really odd.
That would be odd.
I don't think they would ever do it.
No.
It would kind of be a dopey game, but in a, I don't know, like I said, there's a lot of
dopey games out there, I don't know, I don't necessarily mean that in a bad way.
If something's gonna work with Nintendo, it's gonna have to be like a, I think Namco would
do it, because all the Tekken games had weird characters like Gon and Yoda.
Why don't you just have Mega Man be a character in the next Smash Bros.?
I mean, weren't they kind of saying that a while ago anyway?
I remember when this last one that came out on the Wii was being teased with all the new
characters, because Snake was in it and Sonic was in it, there was rumors for the longest
time that Mega Man was also gonna be in it, because I guess there was another third-party
character that was in the game or whatever, which ended up being Sonic, I think, and they,
you know, people were saying, oh, it's Mega Man, it's gonna be Mega Man, because Capcom
and Nintendo have been talking about this for forever.
I think that'll be the most that you see come of this.
I just think in a full Marvel versus Capcom, or even Tatsunoko versus Capcom kind of way.
Unless they do all the cutesy characters.
Maybe all the cutesy Capcom characters could do it.
Cutesy Capcom battle!
Tatsunoko versus Capcom would be awesome with a Mario character or something like that,
or I could see them doing maybe, like, Link or something in the Mar- like, they ported
Marvel versus Capcom 3 or something to the Wii or something, they could add Link in there
and just, like, Soul Calibur.
Yeah, that, that maybe, maybe, maybe.
Super chibi 3D Capcom fighter!
Eeee!
Well, that'll be the game that comes with it, and it's all the cute-
You know, Capcom did Pacato Fighter!
Uh-huh.
Yep, so it's been done.
It could- anything's possible, I suppose.
So.
Ed Seton Beaver in our chatroom says, I mean, Capcom characters would fuck up the stupid
Nintendo characters.
I don't know, though.
Couldn't Kirby just go- and, you know, just kind of have his way with the Capcom characters?
He does suck.
Alright, I don't know, let the fanboy wank begin after that story, but I don't think
anything will come of it except maybe in the next Super Smash Bros. game, which will probably
be on the 3DS.
Just saying.
Yeah, and never want to get a big ol' hard-on about it.
Mm-hmm.
Because, oh my god, you can play it on the Wii, friend code, across galaxies, and locally,
and oh my god.
And Miis.
Watch that.
There's gonna be a Super Smash Bros. fighter thingy on the stinkin' DS, and your Mii will
be a character.
That wasn't in the Wii version?
Eh, it might have been, I don't know.
It's been-
Maybe not, I don't know.
It's been years since I've played it at this point.
I don't remember.
I liked, like, even like the little adventure part of that game.
The adventure stuff was cool, I'll give you that.
That was a really cool part of the game.
So.
Alright, let's move on with some release dates.
Travel the world and see what's coming out to a console near you.
It's not a lot of stuff coming out this week, but there is a couple good things.
Dead Space 2 coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC, as well as the collector's
editions with the wonderful replica gun in there.
Paws and Claws Marine Rescue on Nintendo DS.
Two Worlds 2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, as well as the royal edition of that.
And Lord of Arcana on PSP.
That I believe is it.
Alright.
I have to take a look here.
Yep, that is it.
Can we do things a little out of order and go to UK dates?
Oh no, nevermind.
I, I've, okay.
Sorry, my, well my, my thing wasn't loading, but it just popped up, so.
I blame your thing.
Yes.
Stupid thing.
Alright, well here we go, Japanese release dates.
The Xbox 360 will be getting Monster Hunter Frontier Online Season 10.0 Premium Package.
From what I understand, this game is pretty big over there, so it's like, I guess a repackaging
a new, new expansion or what have you.
Will be coming out on the 26th.
Otherwise, some other games that are coming out on the 360 very soon, Dream Club Zero
and Galgun are both coming out very soon on the 360 over in Japan.
But I hear Galgun actually has a demo for it out there if you do have a Japanese Xbox
360 account, which I do, though, huh, I did.
I don't, I'd have recovered that account.
Well good luck with that.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Dragon Age Origins gets its Japanese release.
I mean, I know that's a long time after we had it, but they've probably localized quite
a bit for Japan.
So it took a little while.
Also on the PlayStation 3 this week, Mindjack comes out, Shooting Studio and Wizardry Twin
Pack.
Like, is that like the old school C64 wizardry games?
Like a new version of it?
They're RPG games.
Dude, I think these might be like new versions of that old school game from the 80s.
Very, very text heavy in Japanese, though, so you better be fluent in Japanese if you're
gonna import that.
Did you see that Zork is on good old games now?
I had heard about that, but you know, I can't justify paying what they want for Zork.
You know what I mean?
Plus, I had the whole research.
You could play Zork on GameTap, like back when GameTap was cool, when Turner owned it.
You could play the Zork games, and you know, I kind of got my fill of retro back then.
And now I'm over it.
On the Nintendo Wii, huge week on the Wii, huge, gigantic, monumental week on the Wii.
The last story comes out this week.
That is a huge game.
I would be so excited if this game would come out in the US, they have said nothing about
it yet.
They have said they are not bringing it out.
Fuckers!
When did they say that?
They said that it was Europe, Nintendo Europe was commenting on it.
They said they are not bringing it out.
Change your fucking mind, because that game needs to come out.
I guess the wording is, they have no plans to bring it out yet.
Well, you need to change them plans or stop being so coy about whatever you have planned
for E3.
You know, what are they going to talk about on the Wii at E3 this year?
There's nothing to talk about.
At least this would be something to hold people over, because again, if you don't know what
this game is and why I'm so excited about it, it's a Mistwalker RPG on the Wii.
And the graphics actually look pretty phenomenal, you know, compared to the 360 and PS3, considering
the Wii's limitations.
Mistwalker, of course, the studio that made Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey.
And especially with Lost Odyssey, underrated RPG games available on the 360.
This is kind of like their foray into the Wii universe.
And it's coming out in Japan this week.
There's also a Wii bundle that's going to have this, but nothing about when it's coming
out over here, if ever, besides that Koi Lo comment that Loki already referenced.
Just to, like, kind of put this in perspective, when you look at, like, Japanese releases
for February, there are four games.
Actually three, because one of them is a collector's pack.
Three games coming out in February.
Here it is, right here.
Nintendo of France.
It says they have no plans to localize Last Story.
It says, let's see here, no plans at the moment.
Don't listen to the guy from France.
It says the adaptation of this game could be very long, 12,000 dialogue, or it says
it has 12,000 dialogues.
Listen up, Nintendo of France.
You need to surrender to the idea of having Last Story in English, not French.
And their translation teams are overstretched in the short term.
I'll tell you what's gonna happen, hackers will do this.
Hackers will...
Hackers gonna hack.
Hackers are gonna translate this.
And you know, it will happen, it'll get released, and that'll piss people off.
I think, I don't know, I don't trust some guy.
If Reggie Fils-Aime had come out and said, it's not happening, then I'd believe it.
Some random, you know, executive with Nintendo of France says it, we're all supposed to accept
that as the final word.
I don't think so.
I say no.
And then they followed it up with, I fought in your general direction.
Stop.
Moving on to the DS.
Actually not a lot going on on the DS either, but this is a little more understandable
of course, because we have 3DS on the horizon in February.
But there are a couple puzzle games, and then a game called Sora no Otoshimono Forte Dreamy
Season in regular and deluxe editions.
It's an adventure game that's coming out with 3 chibi little cartoony babes on the cover.
It looks like it might be some type of card game, but I do want to point out that this
chick is not wearing pants in the screenshot.
She's wearing gym uniform.
Whatever, it looks like she's not wearing pants to me.
She's not wearing pants, she's wearing shorts.
Fine.
They're bloomers.
They're very short shorts.
They're bloomers.
Well, they have to be agile.
Lastly, on the PS3, I'm sorry, PSP, Toaru Majutsu no Kinsho Mokuroku comes out from
ASCII this week, which that game, it's a futuristic world with magic powers.
It's a fighting game.
It's kind of like Dissada, but just with general characters.
But this game might catch some people's attention.
Valkyria Chronicles 3, Unrecorded Chronicles.
That comes out with PSP this week, so I'm sure that'll have its fans and importers.
Okay, now we can go to the UK Dark Sakura.
Sorry.
Okay.
On the 25th, we have Dead Space, for the iPhone, sorry.
On the 28th, though, we have Dead Space 2 for PS3, PC, Xbox 360, and Mario Sports Mix
and Yogi Bear, the video game.
Have you seen the alternate ending, quote unquote, on YouTube where Boo Boo shoots Yogi
Bear?
It's the alternate ending to the movie.
It's great.
That would mean you'd have to go see the movie, right?
And I would hate to see that movie.
No, you don't, you just look it up on YouTube.
I understand that, but I don't want to even try to pretend to see that movie or part of
the movie.
You don't understand, it's awesome.
Wait, hold on, here it is, here it is.
Here it is.
And it's all of the sad music and everything, and Yogi Bear sees the little wanted ad for
himself or whatever up on the wall, and there's Boo Boo looking all sad and pointing the gun.
Come on.
All this sad music, God.
By the way, I started it like a minute and a half into it.
And then, there you go.
Yay.
Wait, seriously, who did that?
I know, it looks, some people say it might be a viral thing for the movie, that they're
saying it's independent, but it was actually like a viral thing, and then there's the bear
skin rug.
The very end.
That's kind of wrong.
Dark Sakura's rolling her eyes so far.
See, now, if that movie, if that movie had that kind of humor, like it was like an adult
movie, you know, with like violence and titties, how do you have titties in a Yogi Bear movie?
Who cares?
But if you had violence and titties in there, that might be a cool movie.
I wouldn't see that.
I don't remember titties being in the old cartoon.
Exactly.
It doesn't matter.
Who cares?
I don't remember the cartoon being raped across, oh wait, it was now, but I don't remember
it being terrible like this.
Of course the chat room is asking for a link.
I'm trying to get one for you guys right now, but let's get back, do we finish UK dates?
I'm sorry.
Yes, that's it.
Let's get back into some news, Loki.
I just don't understand why we can't have violence and titties in Yogi Bear.
It makes sense.
Think about it.
There was an Xbox 360 dashboard update this week, which pissed me off because that delayed
me from playing my Grand Theft Auto game for a good half an hour, because our internet's
really slow, and the first thing I was worrying about is, is console amusement going to get
banned because it's flash and not hot swapped like the rest of them, because I got lazy.
But no, that wasn't the case.
It was actually a small update to restore, I guess, the planned launch or whatever, basically
the option where you can have the disc and the drive, and when you start the system up,
it'll actually play the game instead of going to the dashboard, and it was something I guess
that broke in the last dashboard update.
And they will have a second update later this week, because I guess they just didn't have
time to finish the update, to darken, I guess, your gamertag pictures or whatever it's going
to be, instead of it being on green or something, now it's on dark gray, which is stupid.
Oh, and the other thing-
What a change.
Yeah, and the other thing is, it also broke the ability to play backups of Call of Duty
Black Ops, Mario Warfare 2, and of course, Halo Reach.
Also known as the real reason.
Yes, the real reason.
What it did was it added the, what was it, the API 2.5 checks, I think that's what they're
calling them, it's a new, I guess, authenticity check that they've been adding to some new
games to make sure they're not backed up, and if, for example, you're playing one of
these games and it happens to be backed up, your console gets flagged for banning on the
next-
We ban you.
The next go around.
Finally, it doesn't always, well, they have the new light touch firmwares for the DVD
drives already.
This is back when the first dashboard updates came out, or actually the new checks and stuff
came out, and they've already patched it out on these drives, assuming you have your drive
up to date, modded and stuff, and there's some drives that actually don't support this
at all, so it doesn't matter, you can patch it all you want, but they can still play backups
all they want and there's no way for them to check.
So that really sucks.
Oh, and there's ways also to patch your games so that they're not checked by this too.
But at least they'll get a good chunk of the people that are playing that.
Me on the other hand, I'm safe for now because I'm not playing Black Ops or Modern Warfare
2 or Halo Reach, and unfortunately I don't think they're gonna be checking episodes of
Liberty City.
Granted, I am playing on a legit copy of episodes from Liberty City, but my drive is flashed
in one of my consoles.
Naughty, naughty.
It's for testing.
Of course.
Because my J-Tag's broken!
I have to test it on that right now.
Alright, I'm looking at our chatroom for some comments, and of course everybody's lit up
about the adult Yogi Bear movie, and Salacious Pop is practically writing the movie right
now in some of the chatroom comments.
Hey, uh, boo-boo!
Don't boguard all the coke, boo-boo!
Fuck you, Yogi!
Hey, no bears allowed in the strip club, violent mauling.
What did you do to my car?
Yeah, you know that saying about bears only shitting in woods?
It's wrong.
Puts on aviator shades.
Yeah.
That would be awesome.
Act deaf to her chatroom says, boo-boo has a right to bear arms.
Get it?
That's it, I'm, bye.
Ladies and gentlemen, it took 398, 398 weeks, but this show has officially driven Dark Sakura
to the brink of sanity.
To madness.
I had sanity, ever.
That's true.
Alright, uh, moving on, one other quick story for you guys, and then we're gonna get to
the classic game of the week.
Take it back to the old school way.
Don't kick it back 14 years right now, remember when they originally announced Duke Nukem
Forever?
Oh boy, yes, that's right, Duke Nukem Forever was that game that was announced before some
of you were probably born.
This game was supposed to come out, and now it finally has a release date.
That's right, it was published in the latest Game Informer magazine, May 3rd, 2011, or
2011, whatever you want to say, is the new release date for Duke Nukem Forever.
That is what Gearbox Software is aiming for.
You know, of course, obviously they're really hyping up this release now, it's like the
game that was never gonna happen, but honestly, guys, once this game kind of changed hands,
it's happened pretty quickly, and I think it's not surprising that really all it took
was getting it away from 3D Realms and giving it to someone else.
Hopefully the game, I mean, I don't mean to disrespect 3D Realms, but damn, you never
did anything.
Did you see the trailer?
Actually, I didn't see the full trailer.
It's funny.
Well, let me take a look here.
It's just, when's your birthday?
When's your birthday?
All right, I'm gonna say I was born in 1931, because that's where my mouse clicked first.
February 1st, 1931.
Here we go.
Fresh and white.
Try mine.
It whitens.
Don't show me these goddamn ads.
Just go to Kotaku.
Seriously.
All right, hold on.
Joysick.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
It's gonna be done in a second anyway.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do, okay, here we go.
A to M, of course.
All these establishing shots of...
They used to tell stories of a man who saved the world.
A man whose very presence sent aliens running back to their mother ships.
A man who disappeared without a trace.
When the invaders came back, they came back angry.
They tore our planet apart bit by bit, but they made one mistake.
They shouldn't have gone after our women.
Damn it, why do they always take the hot ones?
You want it.
Nice.
The captions are the best part.
You need it.
Did he just punch that alien in the face?
Yes.
Awesome.
And now.
Rest in pieces.
We're fucking bringing it.
Nice.
What?
Did you think I was gone forever?
Did they get the original voice actor?
It sounds like it.
Hell, I'd still hit it.
It's this big giant alien with three doobs.
He's peeing.
That's lovely.
That's nice.
That's going on for way too long in this trailer.
I'll be done soon.
Really?
Oh, how'd it go?
Nice.
I like the vehicle drive.
I think it was cool.
It should be good, because this guy just did it out of order land.
Yeah.
Coochie coochie.
Hail to the king, baby.
What about the game, Duke?
Was it any good?
Yeah, but after 12 fucking years, it should be.
Nice.
Very cute.
With the minute I heard it was going to the guys that made Borderlands, I was like, okay,
it's in capable hands.
I'm curious to see how the game plays, like a first level walkthrough type of video or
something, which I'm sure probably exists out there from the Penny Arcade Expo where
they brought it.
But yeah, it looks like it's keeping that same sense of humor, and definitely not holding
back on the tits and ass.
That's nice to see.
I remember reading that everything that's blurred out or bleeped out is actually going
to be in the game.
Nice.
Very nice.
Let's see, our chat room is oversharing as they're watching this trailer here with us.
Ed Seton Beaver in our chat room says, I am touching myself to the trailer.
Defective Candy says, I have quite literally been waiting for this game my whole life.
Bonds006 says, punching it in the face never gets old.
That's right.
Or is it punching ET?
It's not Scott Pilgrim, it's Prodigy, okay?
It's the Prodigy.
Not Scott Pilgrim.
Yes, it was in that trailer, but it's the Prodigy.
There's also a cage match pick that won a couple times.
That's right.
All right, let's get into the classic game of the week.
Enough about this stuff that you had to wait 14 years for.
How about something that was out 14 years ago?
I think it's 12 years.
Whatever.
He said 12 years.
I'm going by Duke.
Fine.
It's like 13.
It's like...
Oh, shut up.
All right, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Fine, excite me with a classic game.
The classic game of the week is Power Stone 2.
Specifically Power Stone 2.
That is a pretty fucking rad game, actually.
Power Stone 1.
Power Stone was great, but Power Stone 2 made all kinds of fun improvements over the first
one.
So first of all, it's got all of the characters from the first Power Stone, and it's basically
a four-player fighting game, and it's just so much fun.
You have all kinds of different gameplay.
You've got the one-on-one, which is like the original.
It's a two-character storyline game.
You have arcade mode, which is a four-character storyline game, and two characters advance
per round.
Then you have original, which is multiplayer, so you can pick stages and everything.
It's a fun party game.
And then adventure that has an unpredictable storyline, and you can collect cards, items,
and money.
So yeah, it's got five different stages, and the boss stages, and all kinds of different
fun stuff.
You've got the desert stage that has the Pharaoh Walker, and all kinds of neat things, but
all of the...
It even had secret characters like Pride Falcon and Mel, and in the PSP version, you also
get Kraken and Valgus back from the first game, so that was pretty cool.
I like Jack.
Yeah.
I think Jack was cool, although I think for Dan, he was always using Foker, or as they
had him in the U.S. one, Falcon, but you know, because Foker's like Roy Foker from lacrosse.
That's what he always said, so.
Or he's a real mother Foker.
I would always use Ayame.
That was me.
But yeah, you can, you know, the stages will change, you know, as you do it.
Like when you've got an airplane stage, the plane will start falling apart, and the characters
will battle as they skydive, and floating platforms, and all kinds of different stuff,
so there's sort of like little sub-levels in each level, and you can get different items
like flamethrowers, and giant hammers, and bear traps, and a magazine, and you know,
you get food, and invisibility, and wings, and all kinds of fun stuff.
And you can, you know, drop bombs and icebergs at people, so, really cool, but you've got
like the bad guys, like I said, Pharaoh Walker and Dr. Erode, Dr. Erode is cool, and he has
a power stone of his own, but you know, you get the different stones and you can like
do super powered up forms and that type of thing, it was pretty neat.
And on the Dreamcast, now, this was in the adventure mode, you had like an item shop,
and you could, you know, get different things, and actually the secret character Mel ran
the item shop, and with the VMU, it had this thing called the mini book, that you can look
at your player's item inventory, you can trade items with other players, and you can register
things in your inventory as handy items that appear in original mode, so they give you
this advantage.
And if you put the CD, the disc in a CD player, then it plays the same message, well, it plays
the same message that was used on the Dreamcast one, except there's piano music with it.
And that's a power stone too.
Awesome.
Dreamcast!
I played a lot of this on the Dreamcast actually, I actually had this game, this is one of the
few games that you've mentioned from Sega that I actually played a lot of when I was
a kid.
Oh yeah.
This is a fun game.
I love this game.
This is not really there, is it?
No, it should be.
They should do a new power stone.
With this Dreamcast resurgence, that would be awesome, because I know this is a Capcom
game, not Sega, but still.
We need a new power stone.
And how?
With eight players.
Absolutely.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Power Stone 2.
Good choice, Dark Soccer.
Very good choice.
All right, we're gonna go to a break, guys, it's that time of the show where we take a
break.
We'll be back though, there's plenty more Orange Laundry to come, we haven't even talked
about some of the things that were announced at the Square Enix event this week which we're
gonna get into.
A little more news about Duke Nukem Forever, believe it or not, a story about the Rock
Band Network and some things going on with Apple.
And we have to talk about what's going on with the PlayStation hack case, because there's
more developments.
We'll get into all that, plus a story involving boobs, and it's not even a Yogi Bear related
thing.
We've got all that after the break.
We'll be right back with your Twitter topics, emails, or lack thereof, and more in just
a little bit here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday, January 23rd of 2011 for the 398th episode of our little program.
And we've got plenty more news coming up, some rapid-fire news in just a moment, but
we quickly wanna give some plugs for some other shows that we work on.
Every week, Dark Sakura has a show that she does.
Yes.
With her buddies.
Comic Insanity, and you can find it on infamous.net, that's N-F-A-M-O-U-S, and we have a Twitter
for Comic Insanity as well.
And speaking of Dark Sakura, she was the special guest on a special live episode of the show
that I do with Xtaphir.
It's called Horde House.
The best little Horde House in Azeroth, you can guess it's all about the World of Warcraft.
Fun times.
It was very fun.
I had a good time.
Good.
Excellent.
We had a good time doing it.
So check those out.
Both available on iTunes.
Comic Insanity, that's the letter N, no I in front, and Horde House.
You can find those both on iTunes or whatever podcasting directory it is that you use.
Let's get into some rapid-fire news, and then the Twitter topics.
You got just a couple minutes to lock those in.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R for the Twitter topics.
First, some quick news.
Yes.
There's a rumor that an official software development kit for Windows is coming before
the Kinect, and they're saying it could actually be coming within the next few months, which,
if you think about it, would time just perfectly with Game Developer Conference, and wouldn't
that be something that they would probably want at Game Developer Conference?
Maybe?
A little bit?
Good theory?
It says, apparently, this is coming from a website WinRumors, sources are familiar with
the plans, and that a, I guess, official software development kit and Kinect drivers are being
prepped for a beta release in the coming months, potentially arriving with the upcoming XNA
update dubbed Community Technical Preview, and the report, I guess they're saying that
there's statements being made by Microsoft's head Steve Ballmer earlier this month saying
that the Kinect support would be coming to PC in a formal way in the right time.
Makes sense that it would be at something like Game Developers Conference.
My bet would be that's when it's coming out, you'll probably see an update to XNA and stuff
like that around that time as well.
You get support for, I mean it's good anyways, because you get support for the XNA stuff
for PC stuff, and for the indie games.
I'd really like to see what the indie games do with Kinect, it'd be very interesting.
And scary at the same time.
Yes, it could be very scary as well, true.
Pixel Force Halo is now free to download.
This is the Halo demake by Eric Ruth, who you may remember ran into a little bit of
trouble with his last demake of DJ Hero, but this time though it's kind of a side scroller
shooter game, so go check it out.
And you can find that on I guess bigdownload.com slash games slash pixel dash force dash halo slash pc slash pixel dash force dot halo dot dash free dash game.
Or just do a damn Google search for it, because it's probably a lot easier than writing that
all down.
And then last but not least, speaking of DJ Hero, DJ Hero 2 has added some new trans anthems
this week, and you can get these for $8 or 640 Microsoft points, and they are also available
separately on the Wii for 300 points a pop.
And with that you get Foreign Angel by Paul Van Dyke mixed with 9 PM Til I Come by ATB.
Which even though that song I don't really consider like a trans anthem, I do remember
that it was on a bunch.
And apparently that song is remixed as well, my bad.
It was on a bunch of trans albums back when I was buying CDs a long time ago.
Not Over by Paul Oakenfold featuring Ryan Tedder, and Punk by Ferry Corson versus Imagine
by Armin van Buren, so sounds cool.
I didn't pick up the pack yet, I don't know, $8 is a lot for something I'll probably play
once and then go heck cool, you know what I mean.
Oh I'll pick up the pack eventually, I bet you will.
Alright, moving on to some other quick news.
An interesting other sequel announced to a game I kind of thought everybody hated but
I guess not.
99 Nights, remember this game, it was out on the Xbox 360, and there was even a sequel
to it that came out.
I played the original, it's not terrible, it's just not great either.
So I never even bothered with the sequel, but apparently they've decided to justify
a, get ready for this, MMO, 99 Nights Online.
It's an action MMO, Q Entertainment has announced that they are doing this for the PC.
There will be a number of RPG elements in this, meaning there will be different job
classes, there will be PVP, you can party up with other players, and of course, hack
hack slash slash and all the button mashing you are used to from the originals.
It will be a free to play game, so that's pretty cool, microtransactions of course,
that's how these things work these days.
No word on when this game will announce in North America, if at all, obviously this is
going to be in other countries first.
There you go, Portal 2, big news on Portal 2 this week.
Portal 2 has announced that when it comes to the PS3, it's going to have cross platform
chat between the PS3 and the PC.
That includes multiplayer as well, and get this, you buy the game on the PS3, you're
going to get the Steam version for free.
If you link your PSN and your Steam accounts, you will get the Steam Play version of Portal
2 free, because you have the PS3 game.
So, boy did they just sell many more copies of the Playstation 3 version of this game,
at least versus the Xbox 360, which is really what Sony wanted at their conference I'm sure
when they came out and announced this whole new friendship they now have with Valve.
So they are also saying with this, a quote from Gabe Newell from Valve, quote, we hope
to expand upon the foundation being laid in Portal 2 with more Steam features and functionality
in DLC and future content releases.
Could be very interesting for the future of these two companies working together.
By the way, Cloud Based Storage will also be working on the PS3, which I think they
had announced before, but it's kind of interesting to see how that's all going to work with the
PC integration as well.
One other quick story here, and I mean quick.
You know there's a new Justin Bieber movie coming out?
Yeah, I know right?
Think of how I felt when I had to see that trailer before I went and saw Tangled.
Well you know what, you got to give Nintendo props, because they wanted to use a 15 second
clip of the Super Mario Brothers theme song in the new Justin Bieber movie, and Nintendo
said no.
Nintendo said no.
Thank you, Poop.
We'll decline your offer.
Because cereal's more important.
Yes, funny enough, I remember back in the day there was Nintendo underwear you could
order from the magazine.
And you think of how bad of an idea that was?
This is much worse.
Yeah, that's right.
It's like Underoos.
Oh yes, we may have made a failing cereal brand, and we may have hoarded out our brands
to all sorts of different merchandise out there, but no, we are drawing the line here.
Fuck off, Justin Bieber.
There you go.
They probably just didn't cough up enough money.
I'm sure that's what these things usually go down to.
You put the Zelda theme inside, you know, Scott Pilgrim, yeah, but that was a decent
movie.
And it didn't start Justin Bieber.
Justine.
It didn't start Cute Little Lesbian.
Alright, let's move on with more stories, Dark Sakura.
Well for fans of Bejeweled Blitz, it looks like Bejeweled Blitz Live is going to have
16 player online play with the Xbox Live Arcade.
So that's pretty cool.
Lots of people can play.
It's going to be crazy go nuts.
And Dance Dance Revolution is having download content.
Yay.
There's a greatest hits pack that's got Paranoia, Brilliant to You, AM3P, Trip Machine, Put
Your Faith in Me.
And there's a premium pack that's free.
This is Let's Get Away, Dreaming Can Make a Wish Come True, and Private Eye.
And just a whole bunch of stuff.
There's a lot of stuff on here.
There's Economics Greatest Hits, which has Be For You, Hire, Burn on the Floor, Hysteria,
Trip Machine.
Really cool.
I think that these are worthy packets.
So hoorah.
And also there is video out that has two more characters for Super Street Fighter IV.
There is Evil Ryu and Oni Akuma.
So that's pretty cool.
Which I kind of saw coming anyway.
Looking forward to that.
Yeah there's video out.
It hasn't been officially confirmed, but dude there's video so whatever.
He's got red glowing eyes.
It's Evil Ryu.
Yeah.
They have some better screenshots out there too.
Yeah.
Like that.
Yeah.
It's...
Yeah.
It's official.
As official as it gets.
And his moves are the same ones that he had in Alpha 2.
And Alpha 3.
So.
Whatever.
It's all...
Let's see.
This is what it's about.
Arcade Unlocks.
I love that shit.
Yeah.
I love that shit when it was around with DDR Max 2.
They got people, got asses in the seats as they would say.
You know.
Got people to the arcade.
Well.
Fans of DDR.
Because I'm sure people that play Street Fighter don't give a shit about DDR.
But that's what they need to do.
That's pretty, pretty badass.
Are we ready to get to the tweets?
It looks like actually they're just calling him Oni.
I'll take that as a no.
Which kind of makes sense because...
Anyway.
Okay.
We have tweets.
No I know.
I remember when Oni mode in DDR was a big deal.
And everybody was like, what does Oni mean?
Oni means ogre.
Oh, ogre.
So.
Alright.
Now let's get to the tweets.
Tweet tweet.
Every week we invite you guys to show us your tweets at twitter.com slash olr and it'll
invoke some discussion here on our lovely program and you guys sent quite a few tweets
tonight.
So we'll start it off with retertainment.
Jumping ahead a little bit here but I'll go ahead since most people know about this already.
Final Fantasy XIII-2, shouldn't they be putting their attention towards fixing the fuck up
that is Final Fantasy XIV?
Yes, but that's going to take some time.
Seriously, Final Fantasy XIV relaunch in the US at least Christmas.
If not later.
Uh, I guess later.
Really?
It's a broken mess.
Well, it is a hot mess but they could do an expansion pack and fix a lot.
Hopefully.
Like, you know, add an auction house.
Among other things.
If they expand it, it's more stuff to fix.
It's true.
Alright, let's see.
Spazinator PSM, there are rumors that an MGS HD collection is in the works.
A Metal Gear Solid HD collection.
I wouldn't be surprised.
It's a trend.
I wouldn't either.
We've got two already coming out in March.
We've got the Tomb Raider and the Prince of Persia.
Ah, good point.
So, and they just had the Sly collection.
It's popular nowadays.
Moving on to another tweet from Spazinator, kind of keeping us up to date on the video
releases.
Pilots to Being Human, Perfect Couples, and Fairly Legal are free on Xbox Live, while
Perfect Couples and Fairly Legal are free on PlayStation Network.
If you'd like to sample new TV shows or whatever.
I know.
I have no interest in this.
No, I have a problem with Being Human.
What is, I don't even know.
What is that show?
Okay, it was a show.
I've watched the first two seasons of it on BBC America.
It's a show about, no it's not a comedy.
No, a copy show.
Yeah, it's about a vampire, a ghost, and a werewolf that live in the same flat.
Sounds like the beginning of a joke.
I've said the same thing, but it's actually a really good show, at least the British one
is.
I've heard the American one is not so good.
You know, but sometimes they bring shows over from Britain and they're not so bad.
Like All in the Family, which is like, you know, a huge American show from the 70s, that
was a British show to begin with.
Sometimes, and The Office has been on for years and years.
I still prefer the British one, but you know, it just depends.
Usually they'll start the same and then kind of branch off in different directions, but
I don't know.
If there's this show, I don't know how far do I want to get into this.
Have you heard about that Skins show?
It's big in the UK, but they made it here on MTV.
Like I have zero interest in that show.
Zero.
Actually, if there's a number less than zero, I have that amount of interest.
Negative infinity?
Negative infinity is my interest level for that, but I can't get away from it on my entertainment
gossip websites, which pisses me off.
Act Def sends us a tweet, hey, it's about the PSP2, a little rumor, 3G connectivity
and a very fancy screen on the PSP2.
If this tweet from Act Def is to be believed where he links us to a story on Kotaku, apparently
it's a report from Nikkei that the portable in Japan will be on the NTT Docomo network
via 3G.
Could that mean like this is going to be like T-Mobile's answer to the iPhone or I don't
know, I'm pulling that out of my ass, but one of the providers that doesn't have the
iPhone, maybe they'll have the PSP2.
Interesting.
They're not saying anything about phone, just 3G connection, kind of like an iPad.
That would be interesting because that means you could play multiplayer anywhere you go.
What would you think about 3G on the PSP2?
Would that be cool for you, Loki?
Would you like that?
Here's what it comes down to, and this is with any 3G gaming app, 3G means I need a
fucking subscription for a data plan to somewhere, and that's the killer right there.
I mean, unless it's included in the price of that system, it's going to be fucking expensive
because you're going to have to pay another $100 a month or $60 a month to play your stupid
system.
Wi-Fi, no, no thanks, but then again, if I can do it via Wi-Fi, that's fine, I'll just
tether it to my phone.
Alright, uh, Sturlok sends us a tweet, Crimson Echoes finally leaked, suck it Square, and
then links us to the story, and I was like, what's Crimson Echoes?
Oh yes, it's the fan-made Chrono Trigger sequel, so the fan-made Chrono Trigger sequel finally
leaked out to the internet, which we all knew it would, this is the one Square Enix shut
down not that long ago, we all knew it, once it hits the internet it's out, and sure enough
that's what happened.
Crimson Echoes made its way out, apparently also a game called Flames of Eternity got
leaked, which was I guess a branch-off of the same title, so there you go.
By the way, I'm looking at the fighting in this game, it looks like Final Fantasy VI,
it's kind of interesting, maybe it's like a really elaborate ROM hack or something,
I don't know.
Alright, uh, let's move on to, uh, Defective Candy, I like this, sent us a tweet, Connect
hacked for surgical robot, what?
A group of graduate students at the University of Washington have modified the firmware and
software of the Connect to guide the actions of surgical robots, wow, and it gets into
more of the details of this, I'm looking for some quotes here, I'm just seeing this story
for the first time.
The hacked unit adds the sense of touch and feeds information to the surgeon, the setup
could save $50,000 on the standard rig used to perform non-invasive surgery.
We could define basically a force field around, say, a liver, if the surgeon got too close
he would run into that force field and it would protect the object he didn't want to
cut, that's weird.
But then, what about the day the machines take over, do you really want a machine operating
on you?
Cyberdyne!
Exactly, Skynet, alright, a couple tweets from Tigerclaw, Telltale Games strongly hints
at doing the Walking Dead game, I guess really the title says it all but we're linked to
a story there, The Walking Dead is a show on AMC, and it was a comic book series that
now is this big TV show, I know a few people that are into this, I haven't watched this,
but apparently Telltale Games is hinting that perhaps they're doing something on this, and
that was, well Telltale's got a big event going on, they're going to be talking about
five new multi-platform efforts, and I'm assuming Jurassic Park of course is one of those, they're
also saying one of the titles announced is based on a just launched property from the
TV and comic book world whose popularity is changing life as some know it, so some people
are inferring that from that, sounds like we'll find out in a month, could be interesting.
And then Zeba sends us a couple tweets as well, the Kinect hacker that made himself
into a bunch of Minecraft monuments has now put those monuments in motion, weren't you
saying something about this, it was during the break or right at the end of part A, I
don't remember?
I was just saying that, we were talking about this like a couple weeks ago, oh was it?
Well there you go, apparently this is a Minecraft monument where now it moves, I still have
never played Minecraft, does that make me a bad gamer, or just lazy, nope, I haven't
done it either, weird, yeah apparently the Minecraft monument moves at 30 frames a second
while he juggles three balls, which I guess if you had to kind of create this like bit
by bit, it's probably a pain in the ass, you know what's better though?
But it's the one that they have where it's a cat chasing a laser.
Mnzeba also sent us a tweet about this, a letter from the Final Fantasy XIV producer
explaining upcoming huge changes, and it's a very long read, and this was just produced
a little bit this week, they actually did some polls, this is really long, so I might
have to read this while someone else is doing a story, but yeah, looks like they really
took this poll and kind of like took some of the feedback to heart, so what are they
talking about?
Tutorials for new players, quests revolving around the danger facing the world, public
company quests, improvements to the log, improvements of dialogue, windows, character jump feature,
interesting, guildlevs, so yeah, they want to do a whole bunch of new shit in the game,
we'll just leave it at that, there's a long letter available, lodestone.finalfantasyxiv,
the roman wayofsaying14.com, that's where you can find that.
Last couple tweets here, another one from Tiger Claw saying consumer group reporting
Activision to UK Fair Trade Office over black ops glitches, and this is a link to a story
on Gamasutra, it's a British consumer group, The Gamer's Voice, they're going to complain
to the UK Office of Fair Trading about the performance issues in the PS3 and PC versions
of Call of Duty Black Ops, I guess the publisher did not respond to an open letter from the
group one month ago, which talked about the freezing and online multiplayer login that
the game is not functioning as attended or advertised.
So I guess you could say it's kind of like the Better Business Bureau in a way, interesting.
So somebody's going to take him to task over that one, I don't know, these things usually
don't end up in much, usually like either a settlement or a letter or something, I don't
know, but it'll be interesting to see what happens overseas.
One last tweet from Alex Carson, Alex P. Carson on Twitter, do you remember last year when
I made a proposition of you mentioning me on the show in exchange for me raising your
Facebook fan count?
I gotta say no, but it was over a year ago.
But I did just name you on the show, there you go.
But I gotta be honest, and this is kind of in our philosophy on OLR in general, we don't
just want people, we don't just need numbers, we want people that listen to the show and
enjoy the show.
So yeah, of course, you know, we always ask at the end of every show, tell your friends
about the show, but you know, and again, I'm inferring a lot from this tweet, but of course
don't spam, don't spam, we don't need to sink to that level, and you know, I think it would
be awesome if your friends would join the Facebook page, but only if they really want
to hear the show.
If they're not into video games, you know, maybe this isn't the show for them.
Maybe they need to subscribe to a sex podcast, woohoo, so.
But we always appreciate any efforts, absolutely.
And I'll even read your Twitter name on there, there you go.
Alright!
Let's move on to some more gaming news, some phone calls coming up in just a little bit,
as well.
Mmhmm.
Um, so the court case against, um, Geohot has been delayed, and as we kind of alluded
to last week when we were talking about it, um, we brought up how it's being held right
now in San Francisco, but he's from New Jersey, and so, um, you know, there was a whole question
over the jurisdiction and stuff like that.
I remember talking about that last week, yeah.
Because according, you know, to, uh, the judge, it says if having a PayPal account were enough,
um, then there would be personal jurisdiction in this court over everybody, and that can't
be right.
And, um, so the case is pending further discussion over jurisdiction, a decision Sony is likely
to frown upon, um, and, you know, now, seeing as how the hack is, you know, completely available
online, and as I mentioned earlier, um, you know, installing it on your system is so stupid
easy now, especially if you want to install custom firmware that people have made, which
have gone a little bit beyond what Geohot, um, had wanted, and kind of, it could lead
to piracy, um, I mean, it's, it's literally just flashing your console in the recovery
mode.
That's it.
Um, yeah, I, I don't know, it's gonna be an interesting case.
Yeah, story's gonna come up every damn week until they settle.
Exactly.
Well, and then-
I don't think they'll settle either.
And then you have companies using it, the whole PS3 hacking thing, as an excuse.
According to Infinity Ward, um, I'm assuming this is what's left of Infinity Ward, um,
Modern Warfare 2 has been, or has been kind of made unplayable, thanks to people hacking
the game, and it says Infinity Ward cannot patch a fix.
Um, people are saying it's a total shambles, it's unplayable, um, according to Infinity
Ward's games rely on security of the encryption on the platforms they're played on, um, unless
the security exploit itself is resolved on the platform, updates to the game through
patches will not resolve the problem.
At this time, we do not have any ability to restore or adjust individual stats.
Uh, we're looking at every option to help us, um, help any user affected, and, um, here's
what's funny about this whole thing.
See, they put it out around the time when all these hacking stories, you know, with
the whole keys and stuff being released, um, were put out, but, if you look at the big
picture here, it's actually, this was happening before all that happened, and it's because
people have been hacking save files, and they've been doing that, um, so this is totally unrelated
to anything that has to do with those PS3 keys, and on top of that, um, they're doing
the same thing on the 360, they're hacking save files and stuff, and that stuff's been
kinda been patched, um, so, really comes down to, they just don't wanna fix it, and if you
think about it, why would they?
Modern Warfare 2, eh, whatever, so it goes to shit.
Buy Black Ops!
So, I don't know.
Interesting, I, uh, there's no way to just track down who's fucking up the game and just
ban them?
Um, they, maybe they could, but, you know, they could just create another account, I
guess.
They'd have to actually track down systems.
Interesting.
Sorry about that, you cut off there in the beginning.
So wouldn't that go back to the laziness factor?
I think so.
No.
Yep.
And here's the thing, though, is people aren't actually reading into this, they're kinda
saying, oh, well, thanks GeoHot for, you know, doing all this, now Modern Warfare 2 is unplayable.
If you're gonna believe everybody and what they say, and without doing actual research
into what's going on, then sure, go ahead and blame those hackers, but it is different.
It's a special kind of hacker out there.
It's the little kid that figures out, oh, hey, I can grief somebody this way, or I can
cheat in this game, and, you know, screwed up for everybody.
It's just like, you know, in the whole Grand Theft Auto, you know, hacking or modding community,
there's people that actually wanna make stuff that's kinda cool, and then there's people
that wanna make cars that freeze people, or guns that freeze people's games, because they're
douchebags, and that's what they do.
So no matter what you do, those douchebags will find a way to be a douche.
Play with your friends and nobody else.
Exactly.
That's sadly where some of this is going, honestly, online.
If you wanna play a legitimate game, you gotta play with your friends.
Take your ball and go home.
Ha!
All right, some news coming out of Square Enix this week, revolving in a tweet a little
bit ago, kinda references.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 was announced, and it's coming out for the 360 and the PlayStation
3.
It was during the little press event that Square Enix had this week.
There's a little trailer that goes with it as well.
We won't play that one like we did the other one, though.
But we will say that in the little logo, you can see that there's this whole little like
contrast character to lightning, so that there's kinda like, I don't know, an anti-lightning
or what it is.
Now they are saying that Final Fantasy XIII-2 is set to launch in Japan in 2011, but that's
probably just Japan.
They're not saying anything about the US just yet.
Oh no, they said next winter.
I'm sorry about that.
They said next winter was the release.
Does that mean next February or next December?
Because you could kinda take that a couple ways.
Hopefully it's a quick cycle.
I mean, I'm assuming this is just gonna be done in the same engine as the first game
was, but just, you know, new story, some new models and all that stuff.
Hopefully more dreshsphere, right?
Yay.
Okay, maybe not.
The name of Final Fantasy Agito XIII has been changed.
It's now Final Fantasy Type Zero, which would explain some of the stories in the past couple
weeks about these trademarks showing up.
Final Fantasy Type Zero is the game that is coming out instead.
It is gonna be on the PSP, of course, and they just said that this title just seems
to be more appropriate because this is a more action-oriented design of the game.
And there you go.
It's gonna be coming out to the PSP.
30 voiced characters in the game, multiplayer supposedly in it as well.
Nothing announced just yet for what's going on in North America, but it is coming out
to Japan this summer on two UMDs.
Not one, but two.
That must be a big game.
We'll see.
Well, how about going back to something that we touched on earlier?
Yay!
It's like a blast from the past.
Yes.
Duke Nukem Forever!
Yay.
Is there gonna be download content?
Is there?
Huh, huh, huh, huh?
Um, probably.
Well, they haven't announced anything about it, but they are saying that they are trying
to, and this is a quote, on making possible the UNpossible shipping Duke Nukem Forever.
Um, but they are saying that there could be some download content, that they are keeping
the future in mind.
So I'm sure there will be.
Build your own strip club DLC.
Yay!
I want voice macros to come back.
That'll be nice.
I wouldn't be surprised if they have DLC.
I mean, look at the awesome DLC they had for the original Duke Nukem 3D.
They have the fourth episode, the Atomic Edition, which is just awesome.
I love the supermarket level.
I love the level that was kind of Disneyland, but not, you know, the Pirates of the Caribbean
ride and stuff.
Awesome.
I just miss Duke Nukem Deathmatch.
That was awesome.
I hope this game is as awesome as the old Duke Nukem was.
I really do.
It looks pretty neat.
It does.
It does.
The trailer's sense of humor is any indication, but, you know, how often do games look cool
and they suck?
Just as a reference as the original.
Yes.
There are some developers out there developing for the iOS platform that are pissed off at
Apple because they just don't take piracy or theft seriously.
Theft in this case happens to be a game called The Blocks Cometh.
It's an iPhone game that's out there right now that's completely ripped off of a Flash
game.
It didn't just copy the game.
They took the name, they took the assets, the music, everything.
They ported it over.
Unfortunately, it's not by the creators.
It's by somebody else.
The creators of the actual game actually have a version for the iPhone that's in the works
right now, but they're pissed off.
They contacted Apple and their customer service or whomever has said their legal department
has contacted the people responsible for it and they've kind of given them the runaround,
but there's nothing really that they seem to be doing.
It's kind of a serious case if you think about it because it's not just, oh, this game is
sort of like Angry Birds or this game is sort of like something else.
This is literally, we took this game, stole everything from it, and threw it on there.
If I created Super Mario Brothers and popped it onto the iOS, Apple's app store and stuff
like that.
Well, could you?
I mean, if this game gets by, why hasn't someone done that yet?
Maybe they need to.
Super Mario Brothers or Great Giana Sisters, I don't know, take your pick.
That is pretty serious.
I thought when I first was reading the subject of the story, I was like, oh, maybe Apple's
not doing anything about the people that are copying the iOS, but you're talking about
they've actually approved and highlighted games that were just ripped off of shit on
the internet.
That's crazy.
It is actually promoted to the What's Hot section.
I have a feeling a lot of that runs on an algorithm, though.
I don't think that they necessarily specifically targeted that game to promote.
I think you're right.
It's probably getting a lot of downloads.
It's probably been getting a lot of downloads because of the coverage, honestly.
Is it a pay game, though?
Yes, it is a pay game.
Pay games aren't worth it.
By the way, AlphaCananagram, I don't know if you saw this, he's following up in chat
saying they have taken it down since then.
So it is no longer there.
But look at what it took for that to happen.
I think that's still fairly notable, you know what I mean?
Nobody saw that right away.
But of course, if I'm working at Apple and I'm testing these apps, am I gonna recognize
this game?
Probably not.
You know, they don't do the peer review thing like XNA does, where lots of people are prone
to recognize stuff that's ripped off.
But if it's just like a couple people at Apple, I mean, I would never recognize that this
game was ripped off.
I'd never played the original.
So in that way, I can kind of sympathize, but I guess they do need something else.
Maybe they need a quicker way to stake your claim if you do believe you've been ripped
off.
Maybe that's what they need.
I don't know.
Maybe.
We'll see.
Alright, so let's move on to another story that has to do with the Rock Band Network.
Woohoo, Rock Band!
Rock Band Network 2.0 is coming out in February.
February 15th is the date to be exact.
That's when the new track creation system will come out.
All songs currently being made for Rock Band Network, they must be done by February 14th
when 1.0 will be phased out.
And then everything after that for Rock Band Network 2 will require Rock Band 3.
I'm assuming this means because of, you know, the keyboards and all that other stuff.
So there you go.
By the way, Rock Band 3, sadly not doing too well on the sales charts, did it?
It didn't do too well after Christmas, did it?
That's too bad.
Still awesome.
Still awesome.
I agree.
Maybe forcing people to upgrade will do some good.
Maybe they should just cut slash the price of the game to 20 bucks and watch it fly off
shelves.
Hey, I have a friend that bought the Pro Guitar.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
It's pretty heavy.
It's pretty cool too.
Alright, so with that, I guess we're going to get into the mailbag at mailbag.orangeloungeradoo.com
is the place where you send us emails every week.
So we're going to get into the mailbag.
Well, we actually, well, the mailbag kind of sucks because we've got nothing in it.
Read the spam!
Well, we don't have any spam either.
So I dedicate this to everyone who did not send an email.
I'll take the box!
The box!
You took the box!
Let's see what's in the box!
Nothing!
Absolutely nothing!
Stupid!
You're so stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
Stupid!
You're so stupid!
Nice.
Yeah.
You know, that's the movie that Dan and I got engaged over.
I know.
I remember that.
Yeah.
You want a drink from the fire hose.
You know what's funny?
Wheel of Fish.
I don't think I've ever seen that movie from start to finish.
No, the best thing.
Badgers!
Badgers!
We don't need no stinking badgers!
Weird Al needs to do another movie, don't you think?
He totally does.
Alright.
Uh, let's move on to the FUs of the week.
What an appropriate time to get into this segment.
Now I know we have some of these.
F you to certain situations that are beyond my control that involve finances and my house.
Logie?
Uh, F you to the people at A&W for not knowing how to fill up a half gallon of root beer.
It was actually, not to mention, it is impossible to transport this without it spilling everywhere
as it was, and um, it made it very difficult to drive.
I will never be buying a half gallon of root beer again, it is just too much root beer.
Half gallon of fucking root beer, Logie.
It's a half gallon of root beer.
It's not carbonated enough.
I don't understand why.
A&W from the tap is supposed to be the bomb too.
Yes, it's really sweet though.
It's really, really sweet.
It's like drinking syrup.
Their diet root beer is excellent though.
But yeah, I like their root beer.
Uh, my FU of the week, I have to be vague.
There's actually a lot of stuff going on but nothing I can talk about on my public show,
so F you to stuff.
That's all stuff.
There you go.
So, let's get back to some gaming news.
Then the Skype line in just a little bit after a couple more stories.
Logie, you need to cheer me up.
Do you have a story that might cheer me up?
Um, yes.
It's about the brand new Yogi Bear movie.
No, I'm not cheered up.
No, it's about Tiger Woods and a weird glitch.
This really isn't cheering me up.
It's about a weird glitch that is being reported, I don't even know if we should take this seriously,
by The Sun.
Yes, the tabloid magazine in the UK.
Apparently there was a glitch that this one woman has encountered, Brit and Joe, um, Elay
or whatever, apparently her avatar that she had set up on there, one day, when she popped
on the game, it was topless!
Oh, now you have my attention.
What?
What's this?
Nipples and everything.
What?
The, uh, the avatar is topless and of course EA was quick to say that, um, there is no
possible way that that could have been done without some sort of hack.
But as we've seen with, you know, games like Heavy Rain, I could believe that it could
be done, um, you know, granted she doesn't actually have like boob textures or whatever,
you know, the nipple bumps are there for like the clothing and stuff, but I don't think,
I think that just for some reason it's not drawing the clothing on.
But, uh, she's topless and playing golf.
Boobies!
You know what?
You get those women topless and playing golf, I bet you a lot more people-
I bet, I bet Tiger Woods would sell like twice as many copies as it does now.
Tiger Woods, the M-rated golf game.
There you go.
Well, it just took a story about boobies to cheer me up a little bit.
Tiger Boobs.
Tiger Boobs.
I like that.
All right, Xbox 360 is going to be seeing the return of some Wonderswan color shoot-em-ups.
That's right, that's awesome.
Judgment Silver Sword, I guess, is one of those games.
It was originally designed in a homebrew competition in 2001.
It was published in 2004.
It's now coming back on the Xbox 360.
Judgment Silver Sword and the remix Cardinal Sins, they are both going to be coming out,
I guess, their bonuses in a new 360 retail shmup, Eshkatos?
I don't know if I'm saying that right.
Of course, all these games are coming out in Japan.
There's two trailers for this game that are out there on the internet.
You can import it on March 24th.
I like this because I guess there's like one trailer here that shows like a split- because
you know how like vertical shmups on the 360 don't use much real estate on the screen at
all?
Like there's all this wasted horizontal space.
Well in this game- sorry it's a little loud, sorry guys.
It looks very pretty, I gotta say.
Like some of the effects they're doing and stuff, but then there's one part of the trailer
here where they're showing multiplayer in like three screens on the screen at once.
That's cool.
That's very cool.
And then they're dodging lots and lots of bullets.
They're dying.
WonderSwanColor shmups making a return on the 360, but only in Japan!
Which makes sense because WonderSwanColor was only out in Japan, never came out here.
It was such a good system too.
Our Skype line is now open!
You can give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
You can go ahead and give us a call, we'll talk about whatever it is you want to talk
about.
In the meantime, should we see if there's any last minute stories because I know it
takes about a minute till the folks that are listening hear us begging for calls.
There's a rumor, well we talked a little bit about this, the 3G and stuff, and the OLD
screen on PSV2 already, I'm assuming, that was in Twitter Topics now that I think of
it.
Yep.
Okay, nevermind.
I had to pull it up and I was ready to go and everything.
Sorry.
I know I have more stuff to talk about here, I just have to pull it up.
Do do do.
Ummm.
What was I gonna say?
Words?
Words, yes.
Specifically, no I was gonna say that those people out there that are thinking about possibly
hacking your Playstation 3 using the readily available custom firmwares that are out there,
you may remember that they have ways of tracking you down, so make sure you get one of those
things that erases your game history or something like that.
A lot of the new programs have that built in so that you don't get caught, I guess.
LA Noire.
That was a game that also had a trailer leaked out for it.
Also gonna be coming out from Take-Two in May, this on May 17th, big game for Rockstar.
I mean it looks awesome.
So that'll be coming out in the middle of May there.
Also Plants vs. Zombies and Peggle coming to the Android Marketplace the second quarter
of this year.
Pretty neat.
Again, the phones are open, 1-877-GAM-OL-R or use the name on Skype is Orange Lounge
Radio.
It's gonna be another one of those nights.
Get your lazy butts up, pick up your phone, and give us a call.
If you have something to say, I mean, you're just gonna sit here on the line.
Talk about a video game and you better not be, um, what's your face?
Now see, I saw this story and I thought of you, Jamie.
Epic Mickey, you're talking about 10 different Easter eggs that are in this game from different
Disney history and stuff like that.
For example, in the game, actually in Mickey Junk Mountain, they actually have a basketball
court in that part of the game as well.
That's cool.
They kind of allude to the basketball court that's in Matterhorn.
Let's go to the phones, we do have a call on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, can you hear me?
Uh, we sure can.
Who is this?
Hi, this is DDR Dollar Bill.
DDR Dollar Bill, what is on your mind?
Hey, not much.
Um, I took your advice a couple weeks ago and then I actually picked up a, well, I guess
you can call it an indie game, but one that's been getting a whole bunch of hype from everybody.
What's that?
Minecraft.
Ah, okay.
Now, for those that didn't hear, you called in a couple weeks ago and I believe it was
something about, I am just frustrated with games today.
It's same shit, different year, you know, I feel like there's no games for me to play
and I said, well, try indie.
So you went for a popular indie title, but an indie one nonetheless.
Minecraft.
What do you think of Minecraft?
Hello?
Did we lose him?
Can you still hear us?
God damn it.
I think we lost.
Hi, can you hear me?
Yes, we can now.
Hi.
What did you think of-
Oh, pfft.
Hi.
Stupid microphone.
Did you mute yourself?
Hi, can you hear me?
What did you think of Minecraft?
Um, for a beta, I'm very impressed.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's weird in that it's the total freedom to do anything.
It's almost like, I feel like I have nothing to do, but I'm just enjoying just doing nothing.
Okay, I have never played Minecraft.
I read a lot about it on the interwebs, but I've not played it.
So can you like, tell me what Minecraft is?
What do you do in Minecraft?
The best way I can say this is, you pretty much make stuff to sort of build, well the
idea is that you pretty much have to build your shelter and your tools and everything
out of different parts you find here and there, and during the day, and you have to make good
shelter because at night, you get invaded by zombies and skeletons and spiders, so you
want to be safe at night, and then you do the same thing every day, like daytime you
build stuff and raise trees and make flowers and kill animals for food, and at night you
pretty much either hide or you defend yourself.
Okay, so there is like kind of an actual game to it, because I was always under the impression
that there really wasn't a lot to it outside of like creation and building, so that's kind
of cool.
Okay, so you're trying to prevent, I guess, zombies from eating your face.
I like stuff, so that's kind of cool.
So did this help kind of break your video game blahs, or are you still looking for that
game that just makes you love video games again?
It sort of helped kill the blahs because I also realized that I'm pretty much a PC gamer
for life now.
I've pretty much shied away from PS3 and Xbox, and I like playing on a PC a lot better.
Why?
I'll give you an example.
I tried out the demo the other day for Mass Effect 2 just for shits and giggles.
It ran so much better on my computer than on the Xbox or PS3.
So it's more a matter of you feel like the technology that the games need today, maybe
the console cycle's gone on too long.
You know, let's face it, the 360's been out now, it's going on its fifth year, right?
So maybe it's time for some new consoles?
Either that or some heavy updates and whatnot, because my computer's not that old either,
but it was running circles around the console, so I was like, what the hell?
Well a lot of it has to do with your video card as well.
That's a big part of it too.
So you have a newer video card in your system?
Yeah, I mean I got one just last year, it's still a newer one.
My process is old, but it's one of those things where logically it doesn't make sense, but
it just works.
I'm going to a chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com.
Bochi Kawa says, Minecraft is like Legos, the RPG.
You know there is actually a really fun, just a Lego builder game that is on the official
Lego website.
It's not really a game, it's like a tool where you just have a virtual box of Legos and you
can put together whatever, and then of course it's to sell more Legos.
You click a button and they will send you the bricks you need to make your thing.
You just built.
Which I think is kind of amazing.
Oh wow.
I know right?
Some other comments in chat, Bonds006 says, Same here, I will always be a PC gamer.
And Alex P. Carson says, PC greater than fucking anything.
So you have some people supporting you on your side.
Absolutely.
Awesome.
Alright.
Well, DDR Dollar Bill, we're going to let you go to get some more calls, but any quick
final thoughts for our listeners?
Uh, yeah.
Support PC gaming.
Alright, we'll try.
And hey, Steam is going to save PC gaming, if it hasn't already.
Hey, Steam rocks.
Alright, and the indie stuff of course.
Alright, have a good one buddy.
You too, thanks guys.
Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR or OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype if you want to give us a call.
Any other last minute stories for us?
I have nothing.
Aww.
Um, sure.
You'll just have to make something up.
Dark Soccer, wait, no, I want Dark Soccer to make something up.
Make up a video game news story.
Something that actually didn't happen.
Uh, uh, uh, uh.
I'm putting her on the spot people, it's live radio.
Chirp.
Chirp.
Oh, a new Angry Birds game is coming out?
Yeah, a new Angry Birds versus Dark Soccer.
Angry Birds versus Angry Co-host.
I was going to say Angry Birds versus Zombies.
Of course, because everything indie these days is something something versus zombies,
right?
Indeed.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hey buddy, how you doing?
Hey, doing good.
I got to play with the PS3 move for my first time.
Ah, what'd you think of the PS3 move?
I, I, depending on the game, I really like it.
Um, though I did like the, um, bowling, um, and, um, the, um, the, the sports one they
had out, it was, it was pretty fun.
It was, it was a lot of fun.
It had a lot of similarities to that of Wii, but it, the, the graphics and the way they
did it was a lot better.
The, um, output and the way it was controlled was, I think, for personally, for me, it was
a lot smoother.
So.
Do you, I mean, maybe this is a really hard question to ask, but it's something I've given
a lot of thought to myself is that, okay.
And I've said this on the show before, you know, connect and move they're out there now.
And most of the games that have come out originally are for the most part with a few exceptions,
copies of Wii games, you know, and with nicer graphics.
Where do you think the move goes next?
Can you see the move integrated into Sony's core franchises?
The world.
It's going to become the world like that of.hack.
We're going to have visors and everything, and it's going to become one big MMO.
It already is in their core franchises.
A lot of it seems, a lot of it really feels like an afterthought though.
Like LittleBigPlanet 2.
Yeah, the move supports there in a bonus level.
No, I understand that.
That's just retarded.
That's just basically the prehistoric thing that's in there.
Um, no, I'm saying it's in their core franchises as in SOCOM 4 and Killzone 3.
Those are core franchises.
Okay.
Granted, I don't pay attention to a lot of the first person shooters.
That's why.
And I remember seeing that at the GDC even, but.
Granted, their gun that they have, their little shell, is retarded looking.
Just saying.
No, I agree with you.
I agree with you on that.
I'm hoping that people will step up to the planet on those things and make stuff better,
like actual better looking guns and stuff like that.
Um, you know, like, for example, like Time Crisis with Namco, I like the guns they use.
It makes you feel like you're playing the arcade with their actual guns, so the guns
are quite different from that of the arcade because of the feedback and whatnot, but.
And there's no pedal button, but still, I think they will do good.
It's moving in the right direction, I believe.
What was the-
It's sad, though, because it's really killing off stuff like arcades and stuff that I grew
up loving as a kid.
It's just, you know, it's hard to compete.
Well, I don't think the move killed that.
I think Xbox Live and just the internet in general killed that.
MMOs.
Yeah, you know, MMOs for real used to be going to the arcade, you know.
I don't know.
It's depressing.
Instead of booting up your computer or your Xbox and playing the games, yeah, it really
was.
And it was a lot of fun playing your quarters and stuff on top of the, you know, on top
of, you know, in certain areas saying, hey, look, I want to be next, you know, or have
to be, you know, waiting in line, you know.
I guess maybe save that 20 minute wait from playing that one game that you really want
to play.
But at the same time, too, you know, it's kind of sad, you know.
That, you know, that feeling you got being around a big crowd and they're cheering you
on and stuff.
It's not really the same.
Yeah, I think it would be cool if they would make, like, an MMO that kind of, you know,
if you can't beat them, join them.
Make an MMO about, like, going to arcades.
That's what game room should have been.
Like, an MMO where you're going to the arcade and playing these old school games and the
better you get at games, the better you can skill up your character to maybe help you
get, like, cheap.
I don't want to say cheap but get better in other games.
I don't know.
There's an idea there.
No.
I agree on that.
That'd be cool.
What's the best thing you played on Move?
I'll kind of end it with that question.
Well, unfortunately, I only played two different games, so probably the bowling because I did
really well against my friends on that one, so the Bronx took bowling.
Okay.
Also, really quickly, Gearbox, I think, is going to do really great with the Duke Nukem
because they did a really great job with Borderlands and their DLC.
So if they keep it close to making somewhat of the original feel, from what I've seen
from the trailers and stuff, I think they're going to do a really good job.
It's going to be really, really interesting to see what they do with it.
And I know they really are with their fans and what the fans want.
So I wouldn't be surprised if they make some kind of mod so you can build your own strip
club or build your own miniature bat.
I would see a lot of that probably coming out near and down the road also because a
lot of feedback has been really positive on it, and they really want what the people want.
So that's been a really good, positive thing too.
One day we'll have our arcades again, but we'll take that next great invention to bring
people back.
More beer in arcades, that's what it really needs.
Because you look at the arcades that are popular, Dave & Buster's, the Retro arcades, they all
serve beer.
Well, there's one by where I used to live, believe it or not, that did the same thing
too, and it was very popular.
Less kids, more beer.
Again, it was beer at EDR, so I mean, pretty much go hand in hand, so yeah.
All right.
All right, well buddy, we're going to let you go to try and fit in a couple more calls,
but have a good one.
Yeah, you too.
No problem.
All right, thanks.
Bye.
All right, so let's go to another call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Mountain Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Zappi.
Hey, Zappi.
How you doing?
Oh, pretty good.
All right.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, I've been playing one of the big releases of the week, well, only big releases of the
week, Little Big Planet 2, and I can't say more than, I mean, like, it's awesome.
All right, so let me ask you some of the same stuff I asked Loki in the beginning of the
show, because I haven't played the game yet.
What did you notice right away, or maybe not right away, but what did you notice were some
differences from Little Big Planet 1 when you played the game?
I learned that there's, like, a lot more variety when I'm playing it, like, Little Big Planet
1 was a good, solid platform, but with the second one, they really, like, tried to make
it different, having, like, different, like, gimmicks in it, like, sort of, like, how they
had notions for Mario World, where they, like, shook up the gameplay a little bit, and, like,
for example, like, there's some levels that are just like, oh my god, I'm playing a shmup,
or there's other ones where you're controlling a giant rabbit, like, they really, like, made
it interesting and, like, they're like a full sequel instead of, like, just something, like,
shoveled on.
So what's some of the cool stuff you've seen in the user-created levels?
I don't know if you've had a chance to dip in there, but have you seen any really cool
user-created stuff yet?
One of the cool things I saw was they made an entire tower defense game out of the Little
Big Planet engine.
Oh, wow, nice.
Yeah, I was kind of surprised that you do that, but they designed this in mind that
you can basically take whatever game ideas you want and make it, which is really exciting.
Speaking of taking whatever ideas you want and making it, I have to, and I apologize
from deviating from your call a little bit, but, you know, in the last call, we were talking
about ways to save arcades, and, of course, our chat room's going off on that.
sj100matt says, tits could save arcades, and xlink says, now, that could be a good idea,
so maybe you need to mix strip clubs with arcades.
When in doubt, show some tits, right, DarkSakura?
How about some cock?
All right, well, that could work, too.
There could be something for everybody, absolutely, I agree.
Boobs and nuts.
Equal opportunity.
Boobs and nuts.
Boobs and nuts.
You know, there was an old-ass game on the NES, I really apologize, by the way, there
was an old-school game on the NES years and years ago, it was only out in Japan, not out
here, it was called Nuts and Milk.
I shit you not, look it up, it's on Wikipedia, Nuts and Milk, and that could be the name
of the arcade.
What's that?
How does that get past censors?
Because it's Japan, it's not the same, they don't have the same slang, it's different,
so all right.
Oh yeah, LittleBigPlanet 2, so have you played the Nuts and Milk remake in LittleBigPlanet
2 yet?
I'm sure it's coming along any day now, but unfortunately no.
Oh, okay, that's too bad.
All right, so, anything else you've been playing lately, just LittleBigPlanet 2 taking up your
time, or any other games?
I've also been playing some Dead Space, the first one, looking forward to the new one
that's coming out this week, and I can't believe you missed this game in 2008 because it's
really fun.
Because it went off my radar for so long, I'm going okay to make a second one, there
must be something to it, and I can't believe it, it's really going back to the survival
horror roots, where you're actually being freaked out, like you're thinking that something
is around that next corner, and there might be.
It kind of sucks when games like, you find out about them like three years after they
were out, and then like, by the time you're like, this game was fucking rad, you found
out that the development studio got closed, and everybody got laid off, like I bet you
anything that's gonna happen to blur.
When the game's down to 20 bucks, if it's not already, it'll start selling more copies,
and then people are like, wow, they should really make a sequel to this, oh shit, they
should.
Yeah, it's a shame that happened, like blur was pretty fun.
Alright, well anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight before we let you
go?
I don't know, that's it.
Alright, well have fun with LittleBigPlanet 2, hopefully I'll be playing it pretty soon
as well, just you know, gotta wait to save up the money.
Okay.
Alright, later buddy.
877-Game-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a
call.
If you want to give us a call, call came in from Canada.
Maybe he had said that before, he was kidding.
My friend just got back from Toronto, actually, he's coming back in tonight, you know, Grandpa
Warcraft, went to Toronto, went to Toronto and just coming back tonight.
Cool.
Yeah, I want to go to Toronto, I've never been.
Here it's really fun, Vancouver's awesome though.
I want to go to Vancouver.
Like how can Toronto be better than Vancouver, I'm sure there's a lot of people living in
Toronto that are mad at me for saying that, but seriously, Vancouver is awesome, awesome.
Let's go to the phones, there's more calls coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is Chortles.
Chortles!
Hi buddy, how are you?
Hey.
Hey, what's on your mind tonight?
Chortles?
Um, honestly, I was just considering, is it just me or is it PlayStation, like, okay let's
put it this way, you know how Activision, is it true that you on PlayStation Network,
these publishers have to put out the servers themselves for the multiplayer?
Because I've been considering that in the wake of, like, okay I'm not sure if I'm overhearing
this, but basically, have you heard the reports about PlayStation Network getting hacked recently?
Loki, is that something familiar to you?
The PlayStation Network's been getting hacked recently?
I don't follow that stuff as well, so you don't really.
I'm sure somebody's trying to hack it.
Which probably includes PlayStation Network and all this stuff with the Modern Warfare
and so on.
Yeah, I'm sure you've heard that.
I just want to jump quickly back to your question about the whole central servers and who's
really running them.
I think to some extent the publishers are running, I mean, I don't know the ins and
outs of games, but like for example, EA, we just had a story on them a couple weeks ago
that they were shutting down the servers for a bunch of old sports titles.
So I think they do run servers, I think what Microsoft and PlayStation, what they're running
is kind of like the matchmaking and distribution services.
When you download upgrades and so forth, it's coming from their servers because they're
getting a cut of the profits.
When you're connecting to find opponents, it's probably through them.
But then when you're actually playing the game, it's probably through the publishers.
I also would cite things like DC Universe, which is sort of a gray area because that's
Sony Online Entertainment, so maybe less.
But what about things like Final Fantasy XI?
I mean that game, people forget it's on the 360, but it is, and it is such a unique game
because it has two front ends.
It has Xbox Live, which you don't even need gold, but then you use it to basically connect
to Play Online, which is really the central, I mean, Final Fantasy XI literally breaks
every single rule you know about Xbox Online.
And nobody's playing it on the Xbox, which is interesting.
I guess most people aren't looking to it for Final Fantasy XI, but the reason I was wondering
that is because on the one hand, you know, you have the whole idea about, oh, you get

Yeah?
Go ahead.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I just realized that I'm actually hearing what we just said previously for like a few
seconds later as background echo.
Good old school first rule of calling into radio, turn down your radio because it throws
everybody off.
It's all right.
Yeah.
Fair enough, man.
Yeah.
I was just considering that in the fact that Activision has a deal with Microsoft to have
released the DLC first on 360.
Isn't that likely for the next two Call of Duty's at least as well?
I'm not sure of the specifics of the agreement, but it's certainly not uncommon that one console
gets download content that the other consoles don't get.
That's 
At least earlier.
I think buying exclusives for forever.
You wanna cite another example, look at what's going on with the PlayStation 3 and Portal
2, which we talked about in the rapid fire news earlier in this whole like 
Oh, I heard about that.
Yeah, the cloud 
Is Portal 2 coming to 360 by the way?
It is.
Okay.
But Sony is really trying to do everything they can to make theirs, and this is the quote
from what they said at E3, the definitive version of Portal 2.
Uh-huh.
Ooh.
Well, which is really funny considering that that means free access to the other two versions.
Yeah, I mean to the home computer versions, which come to think of it, that's actually
a business model I really like.
You pay for the game once, and then you have the game period in whichever way it's playable
other than 360.
I love that model too, and think about the caller that called in  I don't know if
you heard the guy earlier that called in saying that he's all about PC gaming now because
consoles just aren't doing it for him, and the games run better on his PC.
I think he'd be frothing at the mouth about an idea like that.
Imagine buying Mass Effect 2 on the PlayStation and you get it on all consoles.
Yeah, like that would be my sort of thing.
I mean, I could not get enough of that.
I mean, it's funny that he revived his love of PC games because  okay, I'll just
let you know what I've been doing over the winter.
Basically, I think one of the only games that I bought for a console in 2010 was Assassin's
Creed Brotherhood.
Mind you, that was a launch game.
It was immensely satisfying for a while.
I don't regret that purchase, but then after a while it petered out, especially when it
came to trying to get good connectivity for the multiplayer, and while there were some
severe issues with lag and multiplayer 
The baby escaped.
There's a baby in the background that appears to have escaped.
You know what?
Let me put it this  I'm not going to pretend how she would know the word lag.
I'm just going to leave it at that.
Dark Soccer, can you get CPS on the line?
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
All right.
I'm sorry if this is boring everywhere when it's listening in, but basically I found
that over the holidays I was doing my Christmas shopping, and unlike last year, I found that
there wasn't much that I was looking for in the way of Steam.
I mean, yes, I know about the legendary Steam holiday and summer sales.
I have partaken of them in past years, but this time I found that even though I was sitting
on a nice chunk of change, I mainly just wanted to upgrade my hardware.
For example  okay, main thing that I changed is my video card.
Originally I was using onboard video, don't ask, but as a result, basically this time
around I decided to upgrade to a Radeon HD 5770 made by MSI, one gigabyte.
I think a lot of the draw for me was the cooling, like two fans, three heat pipes, a heat sink.
It was pretty cool stuff, and so far it seems to run all my games decently.
You know, I think with the PC it's really about the hardware, making the right choices
with that, and if you invest with that, you're going to get a huge payback.
I mean, I know I upgraded my video card last year so I could run Warcraft better, which
is the only PC game I need to be playing.
No, I'm kidding.
There's lots of them.
Oh, no, no.
Hey, I've played World of  like, I've played World of Warcraft for a long time.
I jumped  like, I took the weak trial for Cataclysm, but I'm not paying for that right
now, although I will give this advice to anyone who plays World of Warcraft.
Even if you take a break in the form of, like, canceling your subscription or not playing
a while, get the Battle.net authenticator.
Like, if you don't already have it and you use a smartphone, just get the mobile authenticator.
Because you don't want people using your account while you're not there.
Yeah, I've actually had that happen to me in  like, in the summer of 2010.
Like, two weeks after  two weeks after my subscription ran out, boom, my account
was hacked.
A lot of stuff  a lot of stuff got stolen.
My  like, my all-time highest level item got jacked, and by the time I found  by
the time I found out, got my account unhacked, and got back into World of Warcraft, it was
too late for Blizzard to recover my stuff.
Yeah, and it's a story I have heard way, way, way too many times.
But, Chortles, I've got to wrap up and let you go, because if I keep letting you talking,
pretty soon they're going to give you our time slot.
So I've got to wrap up and let you go.
Find the baby!
Well, if I set out, I'll probably have  I'll probably be more focused next time,
I suppose.
That baby has walked out the front door by now.
Go get him.
All right.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
Bye.
Thank you, Chortles, for that call.
He was just really happy to be here.
He just  he sounded happy.
I like enthusiasm.
Brains!
Brains!
Give him the call.
He was just enthusiastic.
Brains.
You're saying it was a zombie baby in the background?
Yes.
I'm  all right.
Be nice.
All right.
Thank you so much for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys so much for calling us.
If you didn't get through tonight, please consider sending us an email.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to send your emails to.
We would really appreciate it.
All right.
Let's wrap up the show.
We're done.
Is there any other last-minute stories we've got to get out?
Ribbons and bows, Rob.
Ribbons and bows.
Spanking on the butt.
It's done.
Slack.
I have nothing.
All right.
Then let's go around and get everybody's final thought, and we'll start with Loki
tonight.
Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
My sound card decides when it decides to work and not  and I don't like that.
My final thought is I took Friday off, so yay for four-day work week next week.
Woo!
Dark Soccer, you have a final thought?
Reject false icons.
Ooh.
You're going old school.
I am.
I didn't expect you to whip that out until episode 400.
Let me whip this out.
She's just getting warmed up.
Yeah.
It's been a very long time since I've heard that one.
I'm warming up my bitch-slapping hand.
All right.
Well, thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting Independent Podcasting.
You know, we don't play commercials.
We don't ram, you know, stuff we're trying to sell down your throat.
If you like the show, all we ask, tell friends about the show.
We'll ram other things down your throat.
Shh.
Stop.
Like candy.
Dark Soccer is like, I got a lollipop.
Tell friends  I'm trying to do a plug.
This is a very important plug I'm trying to do here, Dark Soccer.
Stop derailing me with your toilet humor.
Are you plugging it already?
Stop it.
Go on to iTunes or whatever favorite podcast site you use and leave us a nice review.
We would really appreciate it.
Five Star Reviews on iTunes helps go a long way to promote.
Tell your friends about the show.
Tell people you think would be interested in people talking about video games and giving
folks a voice and hearing people call in and just talk about games they really like.
That's it.
Tell your kids.
Tell your wife.
That's right.
And tell your husbands because we're gaming everybody out there.
Exactly.
I think.
We're going to do it for another week.
We will be back next week to do it all again.
I'm so excited.
I just can't hide it.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
