DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki Tonight, January 16th, 2011 Another MMO is set to go free to play this month An upcoming fighting game plans to punish Rage Quitters And will the 3DS be re-delocked after all?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
We tape live at All Games Radio every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you for the next few hours along with my co-host.
Not here tonight, sadly.
The one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers, is absent from the studio tonight.
She may be coming about halfway through the show, but she is out at a pinball collecting type of event.
It's a private thing, so it's not something you would have read about on the internet.
But she's having a pretty good time.
I know I got a text from her earlier today that she met some famous pinball maker.
So hopefully she makes it back in time during the show and we can ask her all about her experience there.
I know there was beer involved.
TechMasterLoki
Say hello everybody to Salacious Pop
Hello.
How are you, SlicesPop?
I'm great.
Yeah?
I'm pinch-hitting for Jamie, and I get to read stories.
It'll be very fun.
Yes.
Yes.
If anyone hears a thud, it's because Rob threw a shoe at me because I missed my story cue, and I'm letting there be dead air.
So if you hear a thud, stuff happened today.
Yeah, that's what happened there.
So otherwise, looking forward to it.
Should be fun.
Yeah, should be fun.
Again, I don't know how long DarkSakura is going to be out.
She didn't really give a firm time because I think she just kind of didn't know.
You know, sometimes you get invited to those things and you're like, I don't know.
And I get the sense it might be a little far away.
It might be in the Bay Area.
So if they haven't even left the par-tay yet, she might be gone for a while.
Yeah, so she might show up and just be like, you get the hell up out my seat.
Yeah.
Give me my mic and get out.
And that's when I'm going to bail to the living room and she'll take over stories.
All right.
Go into the chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com where we have the live chatters every Sunday night while we do tape.
I'm noticing Actdeft in our chat room says, DarkSakura ain't home.
Party!
Actually, it is a little weird.
We're in her house right now.
And she's very kind, her and Dan, really, because he lives here too, letting us kind of come in and do our show anyway.
I have the super secret way of getting in the house when they're not here that I can't say because we don't want the robbers to show up.
But yeah, she's very kind in letting us kind of take over the house.
But it's a little weird, I think, to be in someone's house when they're not here.
And it's not like a house-sitting type of thing.
Like, I didn't feed Shermie.
Jeremy doesn't need to be fed.
Jeremy's just asleep.
Jeremy don't give a shit tonight.
But anyhow.
All right.
Enough talk about being in the house when the owners aren't home and kitties and so forth.
Let's talk about video games.
And we'll start off tonight with how is your gaming week?
We have to mix it up a little bit tonight because DarkSakura's not here.
So we'll start with Loki.
How is your gaming week?
Um, it was alright.
I didn't play a ton of things.
We have the new mod games going for Grand Theft Auto, so we've been playing that this week.
It's weird though, like, we've been running into a bunch of strange glitches and I'm not really sure what it's from.
I think it might be some leftover data that's in the save files or something, but we have it set to all of our cop cars are flying around and stuff, but for some reason when we're playing the single player game, some of the cop cars don't fly, so it makes me think that some of the old data is in there.
and then also we've been having issues with cars disappearing on us so it'll look like we're flying around and we're impervious to fire in free mode for some reason and it's odd because I didn't even touch any of those files that would affect that so it's just a bunch of strange glitches but I'm working on it.
And then other than that I played a little bit of...
What did I play this week, actually?
Oh, I tried a bit of Angry Birds because I've had it purchased on my iPod for the longest time now.
And I gotta admit, I don't understand it.
I don't understand what the big draw is.
It's alright.
It's kind of fun, but I got bored of it really quick.
So, I don't know why everyone's so gung-ho about it and have this big raging hard-on for the game because...
It's not that great.
I'm not sure I understand America's obsession with Angry Birds either.
It's definitely not.
It's for an iPhone game.
It's an okay game.
It's fine.
But it's not something like, oh my god, it's got to warrant movie rights and shit like that.
And shirts.
I went into Hot Topic the other day.
There's Angry Birds shirts now.
I just don't get it.
I mean, I don't know.
I've played a lot of addictive games.
If anything, I think Plants vs. Zombies serves more movie rights and that kind of stuff versus stupid Angry Birds.
I'd rather have Angry Birds shirts than Farmville bottled water and hot dogs, which is very real at 7-Eleven.
So yeah, that's a bit absurd, though, for a casual game like that.
Yeah.
And then other things I played this week.
I just realized it's my move in Words with Friends, which is a much more addicting iPhone game than Angry Birds.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I have yet to play that.
What did I play this week?
There was some other stuff that I played that was kind of cool.
I've just been downloading a bunch of random things.
I actually downloaded today, it was kind of cool, Earth Defense Force.
Now, not the Earth Defense Force that I've come to love, but the old Earth Defense Force game that was on the Super Nintendo, which I think came out over here.
I want to say UN Squadron, I think was the...
The name of it over here Oh god, I loved UN Squadron The old, yeah, yeah That was a Capcom game years ago I think that's the one It looks similar, I could be wrong But I think it's that game But then there was another one I downloaded Was Raptor Call of Shadows Which is an old shareware game From way back in the day From Apogee So that was pretty sweet So I downloaded that And then, what else did I play
I'm a Mensa member, I'm really smart you guys
I'm not a member.
I take the test.
I can be a certified genius that way.
No?
Ray Iannami in our chatroom says, Area 88 slash UN Squadron.
Actdeft says, UN Squadron does not equal Earth Defense Force.
Ah, yeah.
It just looks similar.
I know there's something else I play.
I think I may play a little bit of Swords and Poker.
That's pretty fun.
I haven't really been doing a whole ton of gaming.
Mainly Grand Theft Auto.
Oh, and actually, I did try... There was a video that was out earlier this week of people playing Grand Theft Auto where the cars didn't really have any friction on them.
So they just kind of...
I have my PC game set up like that right now.
It was something I was going to be trying out even before I saw that video because there's this guy who goes by the name Shadow on the boards that I'm on that he did that and there was another mod that he did that was kind of funky like that.
I'm actually probably going to apply those to the Ballad of Gay Tony stuff.
We've only been playing Lost in Damned so it'd be fun to add that to it.
And then also apparently they're going to be releasing script editing tools soon.
which just opens up the realm of possibilities for Grand Theft Auto modding to all sorts of crazy lengths because if we have access to edit the scripts we can pretty much do whatever we want in the game which is pretty awesome so I'm very excited to see what comes of that that's about it
All right.
Salacious Pop, how was your gaming week?
What kind of games did you play this week?
My gaming week is pretty embarrassing.
Not much to talk about.
Lots of WoW.
And if you want me to talk about that at length, I'll go on your other podcast.
Okay.
Yeah, so I'm just leveling up my main and doing Cataclysm stuff.
I got a 1600 point gift card for XBLA and I finally used it for Christmas so I finally used it and I picked up the Scott Pilgrim game the River City Ransom clone so I tinkered with that a bit and then I also used it to get the Pac-Man Championship Edition DX
and I also have played some Plants vs. Zombies Game of the Year Edition which was a leftover from the Steam sale when I picked it up for like four bucks over Christmas and then Poker Night at the Inventory and I'm now 60 grand in the hole again in my global stat so I need to win two rounds so that's frustrating.
Have you unlocked everything in your Poker Night game yet?
I still have lots of tabletops and card decks to unlock about four left of each.
I know Bobby, the man who does the show before us here at All Games Radio, he talked at length tonight about Back to the Future, the new Telltale game that came out.
Do you have any interest in the Back to the Future games?
I haven't played any of the Sam and Max, and I loved the original one when it was on the SCUMM engine.
So all of the Telltale episodic ones, I haven't really messed with those at all.
And there's also the episodic game that I'm really looking forward to isn't Telltale, sadly, but it's the Penny Arcade one, Precipice of Darkness.
On their website, they wrote the third volume as an actual, like they wrote it out like a fan fiction.
So I guess the third one was just scrapped because they wrote it out instead like a book.
Oh yeah, they had the first game and the second game and then I guess it was kind of a back and forth thing because I remember reading some things about it where there was like a joke on Twitter about if so many people will buy this game when it's discounted they'll make the third game and the Penny Arcade guys basically came out and said actually that's not true, there's not going to be a third game.
I completely missed when that was made official.
All this time for the last three years I was like when are we getting volume three?
I don't think it's happening.
They just wrote it.
Sorry.
Oh, alright.
yeah so that's all uh plans versus zombies in book or night it's kind of like when a show on tv gets canceled and you can like maybe maybe the uh producer will write something on the internet or you can watch the rest of the episodes on cbs.com or whatever when you desperately hope that the uh they were able to to squeeze out two or three episodes to wrap it up after they get canceled it's like no that the seventh episode is it there's no closure at all
What was that freaking show I actually watched?
I think it was Harper's Island or something.
It was on TV.
It was like a murder mystery.
Somebody dies every week.
And I think it got canceled by CBS like halfway through.
And you had to finish watching it on CBS.com.
And it was actually not that good of a show.
I don't know why I watched it every week.
And it had kind of a crappy, guessable ending.
Probably the same reason we watched The Tester or
Probably, probably.
Hey, you know what?
Actually, the tester, the second season of the tester was probably a little better than Harper's Island and less predictable, sadly.
So, there you go.
All sorts of embarrassing TV shows.
Speaking of embarrassing fandom, I will say the Telltale game I'm actually looking forward to is Jurassic Park.
Like, I'm really curious to see what they do with it.
It's such a weird license in some ways for them to have, but I'm kind of excited to see kind of what they do with it.
Do you guys remember the Jurassic Park games from...
What they had on Super Nintendo.
Remember the Super Nintendo Jurassic Park game?
Yeah, it was kind of cool, but at the same time it was a little bit junky.
I remember two games that came out, both platformers, that were night and day between the Super Nintendo and Genesis versions.
And it was Jurassic Park and Aladdin.
When people put on Aladdin for the Genesis, it's like, this is amazing.
And Jurassic Park was the same way.
Way better on the Genesis.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Anyhow, we'll stop talking about games from 15 years ago and talk about something a little more current.
My gaming week.
Sadly, not a lot of new stuff.
You know, again, mostly WoW in my world as well.
Still playing a little bit of Fallout 3 as well as some other miscellaneous things here and there.
Not a lot of new stuff I tried out.
I did kind of go to the indie store and I tried a few games on the Xbox Live indie game store because, you know, there's some gems out there once in a while.
You'll find some.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know how to explain it.
It looks like a bad CD-ROM game from when CD-ROM first came out where they did these full motion movies or whatever.
And it looks like these guys who made the game rented a room at Motel 6 and got their friends to dress up in maid outfits and just act out these scenes.
Pay them in drinks.
Didn't even pay them in cash.
they got their three cute girlfriends to dress inmates outfit and pay them in drinks yes yeah and it was like like Skinamax movies have more plot than this thing did and it was and then you go into the game itself and it's like you're trying to launch balloons up at seagulls so they don't they don't poop on you it's a really like terrible shooter from like the 80s Atari 2600 caliber if someone submitted this game to Newgrounds it would get blammed it would not make it to the flash portal it belongs on Newgrounds it was funny like just how bad it was
and then they had the whole like pouting thing at the end oh they didn't buy the game because they don't like us or whatever and I'm just thinking wow this was somebody's fantasy project I can't even but there's guys with made fetishes that'll have a field day with this so have fun I guess this is kind of a you know
Lights Off, Pants Down kind of game for you guys.
Anyhow, other indie games that are worth much more of your time for checking out was the Slash Pop.
You have to help me remember the name of this game.
It was Cthulhu Saves the World?
Yeah, Cthulhu Saves the World.
Which is by the same guys, I guess, that did Breath of Death 7, which I have yet to play.
Obviously, they love their old school RPGs.
And I mean like Dragon Warrior on the NES style games or like original Phantasy Star games.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
Oh, and the other thing I gotta say I like, they had this whole system where the most number of random battles you'll ever get into in a dungeon is 25.
But if you want to fight more random encounters, you can go to the main menu and select Fight.
And it's kind of like you will purposefully go into another random encounter fight.
That's a really neat kind of system.
Like, somebody really kind of thought that one out.
Like, how to make it... You remember, like, there'd be certain dungeons in Final Fantasy games where, like, every two steps it was like, walk, walk.
Bloop, bloop, bloop!
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, I thought that was, it has some neat ideas.
So I like that it's trying to take that really old 8-bit idea and make it better.
It still felt a little bit like a grind fest to me, but the humor in the game makes it, I think, a little more bearable and makes you kind of curious what joke they're going to tell next.
So, and especially for the price, because you know, indie games are very reasonably priced.
240 Microsoft points, that's what, three bucks?
As much as you pay for something on Game Room.
I'd say, heck yeah, why not?
Go do it.
I was really impressed by the soundtrack in Cthulhu Saves the World.
It did have a good soundtrack.
Amazing soundtrack.
And yeah, it was pretty funny when he, one of the first things you do is you rescue sort of a damsel in distress on the beach and you save her and Cthulhu is like, so am I a hero now?
And the narrator's like, you're the dark lord of the eldritch, like hell no, saving a girl isn't going to cut it.
We need a little bit more from you.
And that was kind of funny how it's very sarcastic.
And she has a big crush on him, I think.
Yeah, she falls in love with him with his big tentacle mouth.
She's like, oh, you are so fine.
Are you just waiting for the Uesu Doji scene to come happen?
No, that's unpleasant.
But I do want to keep playing just to see if that happens.
Although I think games on the marketplace can't be too adult.
Although somehow this...
Borderline Innuendo Maid Game gets on the marketplace.
I mean, granted, there's no titty.
The game would have been ten times better if there were boobs.
There was one with titty in it, but it got... Was that the guy game?
No, no, no.
There was one that was on the indie games or whatever, and it was some chick or whatever, like this guy's girlfriend who...
she wasn't like you know supermodel you know it's just some normal chick that you know they had her in lingerie and shit and that game got yanked really quick though unfortunately I'm waiting for now that we've had maids with balloons I'm just waiting for like furries with guns like I can't wait for there to be like the furry porn game on Xbox Live I'm kind of surprised it hasn't hit yet laughing
And then there could be furries with guns versus maids with balloons.
It would be crazy.
So there you go.
By the way, I just got a text message from Miss DarkSakura.
She's going to be here in two hours.
I don't know if she's going to make it.
She's just barely going to hit the end of the show if she gets here.
She can do her cage match.
Yeah.
Really?
Well, that's not even the podcast part.
Yeah, I know.
And FUs.
She'll be here for the afterbirth part of the show.
I'm trying to think if there was anything else.
I want to say there was one other game I had tried.
Oh, the cute little arcade game, The Rascals.
Was that what it was called?
The Skulls?
Yeah, with the skulls that was kind of like Mr. Driller.
It was Mr. Driller meets the, you know what it was?
The Mario Brothers game on Game Boy Color.
Did you ever play that?
Or Super Mario Brothers on Game Boy Color, where you could link the systems and race Mario and Luigi to beat the level as fast as possible?
and DarkSakura.
so uh yeah if you're like a fan of the old school 8-bit platformer games especially um you know Mario Brothers type uh it's it's cute um some weird plot devices they use though like I didn't get the whole opening with the ship and the rats I get that they're supposed to be the antagonists but I don't know I I think this game just needed to kind of throw me in and start playing I didn't need all the exposition in the beginning it was a little weird
but the game's cute and it's definitely worth checking out the demo if you like either old school games or you like platformer games and you can kind of make your decision in there from there because the demo's pretty robust so you can check that out again that is Rascals was the name of the game
That's pretty much it, though, for My Gaming Week.
Otherwise, not a whole lot else to report on.
So I'll just talk housekeeping real quick.
We are still here moving towards our 400th show.
It's set for the first week of February.
We're tossing around some ideas internally.
Nothing yet.
I don't think it's going to be too big of a deal because, you know, we've had enough self-serving anniversary episodes amongst our nine-year run.
So we plan to do something a little bit special.
Actually, right now we're talking...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
at Orange Lounge Radio on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
How about some news?
And we've got a lot of it tonight.
It was surprisingly a busy week.
I guess now the holidays have officially faded out and people are back at work and so forth.
We're getting back into some gaming news for what's going to happen through the summer of this year.
And we start tonight with Loki.
Oh, yes.
And speaking of people being busy, no one's been busier than Sony and their legal team.
They've been spending the week suing hackers for hacking the PlayStation 3.
Two groups, of course, that they were going after, Fail Overflow, which was the hacking group that, during a recent conference, was talking about how they've basically...
Geohot or George Hotz
He was the one that actually pioneered the jailbreak for the iPhones and later on went to release the keys for the PlayStation 3 hacking.
And yeah, they're not too pleased by it.
Of course, they're saying, according to the court documents, the hack violates the DMCA, and that already pirated games are being packaged and distributed with these circumvention devices.
Which, by the way, is not true, but that's what they go to claim.
And then...
Of course, George Hotz made a comment about that.
I would expect the company that prides itself on intellectual property to be well-versed in the provisions of the law, so I'm disappointed in Sony's current action.
I have spoken with legal counsel, and I'm comfortable that Sony's action against me doesn't have any basis.
Well, of course, it's going to continue on from there.
So here's how it kind of played out this week.
Geohot on his website actually put the keys out there so people had access to them as well as various signing tools and samples of possible ways to install and run Homebrew.
um of course you know none of this actually has anything to do with pirating games it's just installing homebrew and in fact um there are some limitations what he's already released um to not allow pirating games at least yet um
Then, it's kind of funny, there's just all sorts of stuff going on.
I'll try to go a little bit more in detail here.
So, there's a few funny things that are kind of going on about this whole court case to begin with.
One, Sony decided to, I guess...
Get evidence that Hotz was accepting money, donations, basically saying that, oh, he was charging people for these exploits.
They actually sent him a dollar to his PayPal account.
Sony did, which is kind of weird.
And, of course, Hotz's attorneys are saying, Hotz has not produced, manufactured, sold, nor does he have any intent whatsoever to produce, manufacture, sell any devices that facilitate piracy.
And...
They're saying that basically it dismisses Sony's use of piracy case for precedent because the case involves hardware used to circumvent PSC's protection, not software.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
You have a Sony's in San Francisco, aren't they?
I understand that, but they're taking a case up against him.
They have to do it in his jurisdiction.
But their thing is basically that he communicated on Twitter and he communicated over using PayPal or something like that.
And those two companies reside in Northern California.
So therefore... Is this a copyright or trademark issue that they're going for?
No, they're going for the fact that he released their public keys.
Okay, because I know anything to do with copyright or trademark or whatever is federal, so then you can intentionally file the claim out of state to make the person drag their ass to the court where you filed it to.
Well, they basically did that, kind of.
It's weird.
One of the comments they're saying is, I think it's quite telling that Sony, who legally is required to provide notice to Mr. Hotz before seeking any special relief with the court, decided to email Mr. Hotz a copy of their motion at 7pm when a hearing was scheduled for the next morning at 9am in California, while Mr. Hotz doesn't even live in California.
Sony is seeking various unreasonable relief, such as seizing Mr. Hotz's personal property and computers.
Luckily, the courts postponed the hearing.
They have a bunch of comments from different law firms.
Well, I'm pretty sure it's just the big company exercising their big company muscle to try and squelch out this guy who has very limited resources, I'm sure.
Even if they don't have a case, they're basically saying, hey buddy, you're going to spend money on a plane ticket to drag your ass out here to defend yourself.
Well, here's what it is.
And you have to understand, this is bigger than just a hacker hacking Sony stuff.
What this does is sets precedent for a few things.
There are similar cases that went on when the whole jailbreaking of the iPhone thing happened.
And that actually was overturned in courts.
And now it is legal to jailbreak your phone because of that court case.
Well, this... Interesting comparison.
I never thought of that.
Sorry, I just had to get that out there, but I didn't realize you're right.
What this story is is very similar to the whole jailbreaking your iPhone.
It's using your device not the way the company intended, but... Not necessarily.
It's even going beyond that.
The whole thing is...
Remember, when you buy these consoles in their end user license agreement, it's basically making it seem like you're leasing this property that is Sony's and you're paying a fee to basically lease it and really it's their property but it's in your home.
This would actually set precedent that this is your console, you can do whatever the fuck you want with it if he ends up winning this case is what it's going to come down to.
and so on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't think they can do that.
Well, I mean, they can do that, obviously, but I don't think it would be smart for them to do that regardless because a lot of people don't have the know-how to do this.
Although, he went on G4 and made a comment about what the whole case was going on.
He doesn't feel that he's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Can I read some comments from chat?
Because obviously this is a very passionate issue and some folks in the chat room are kind of lighting up about this.
Nick Gertz in our chat room, I don't recognize that name, so welcome if it's your first time, in our chat room says, BS, once you buy something, it's yours.
You should be able to do whatever the fuck you want with what you own.
Read the end-user license agreement.
You may think that and you may feel that that, and I agree, it should be the case, but that's not what they're saying.
That's why they're able to patch your PlayStation 3 to remove the other operating system and all that stuff.
But the courts may ultimately agree with Nick Yes That's going to be very interesting And then SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says Can't blame Sony for protecting its properties And I think they sort of have an obligation to Because of that agreement that they have with developers That there's all these other companies That if this whole thing ends up going against Sony They have an interest in that too Here's the problem though And this may be Sony's This may be Sony's big
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So should Sony have waited until piracy was a factor?
Well, here's the other thing, too.
Geohot has only released... And this is all speculation.
He's only released a portion of the key.
Basically, he has a...
Thanks for watching!
He's smart, you see, because he's hoping this court case goes in his favor.
If that's the case, then it'll be legal for him to release that key, and it's over.
It's done.
There's nothing they can do.
Once that's out there, there is no way to block that anymore.
They're done.
It's over.
SalaciousPop, you want to say something, and then I'll go to more chat comments.
Yeah, this is really just about opening up additional functionality on a console that you own.
If it was some type of hack where, I don't know, you could pull games down from the PlayStation Network, like their store that was a demo, and unlock it, completely different thing I'm talking about here, where you could then play the full version of the game without paying for it, then yes, that's something that would hurt the developer, but that's...
Completely different.
That's not what we're dealing with here.
It's just opening up the console for, you know, Homebrew and whatever else.
Now granted, everyone doesn't necessarily share that same ideal.
I mean, there's people out there that are just like, okay, how can I use this to pirate stuff?
I mean, oh yeah.
But that's other people though.
This is one hacker they're going after.
This is not the whole hacking community.
It's one guy.
He's not going for piracy.
So the fact that they're saying, you know, he's releasing tools to enable piracy.
Yeah, in the long run, maybe, but you could say, well, you released a console that enables piracy, because eventually there will be piracy on it.
And just think, if they would have just kept Linux on the damn system, maybe people wouldn't have gone here.
I'm convinced that most of the hardcore people in the crypto and DRM communities that love breaking that stuff don't even play games.
They're like, this is an awesome thing.
It's got awesome DRM on it.
I want to break it because that's fun as hell.
That's fun as hell, yeah.
It's funny.
They're asking him, Daryl, so what's something... Once this whole PS3 thing is done, what's your next thing?
What are you going to move on to next?
What's your next... Because he stopped doing the iPhone stuff because he got bored with it.
That's all it was.
And this guy, he's like 21 years old.
Okay, this is a 21-year-old.
And so, yeah, he got bored with whatever it was.
And he's like,
Well, I hear the PSP2's coming out.
Let me go to the other comments from chatroom.
Chat.orange.com Defective Candy in our chatroom says, Can I put end-user license agreements on other things in life, like the door to my house?
Maybe.
Let's see.
Spazinator PC says, I'd never mess with my system.
I'd be too afraid of bricking it, thus losing my video content that I bought.
That's kind of where I'm at a little bit.
And I really don't have a good reason to hack my system.
Me personally.
Because I...
Don't really want to pirate everything.
Like, I don't know.
There's limits, and I think that's a bit much.
You know, then we won't have games anymore if everybody goes batshit crazy about pirating.
But, you know, I don't know.
I'd be afraid of some of this other stuff of just, like, screwing my console, especially, like, 360.
I have lots of XBLA games I've bought.
Thanks for watching!
I haven't been into chipping or modding systems since the PS1 and the Dreamcast after that era I stopped doesn't mean I'm not still interested in that community but just as far as the the consoles have just gotten too expensive for me to you know open it up and you know I'm not a whiz with a soldering iron as I once was so I'd probably break the hell out of it but yeah I find these stories really interesting but I haven't been into modding or any of that stuff in a while
I would say I would support trying to get around region locking.
Like, a comment in chat room made me think about that.
Ray Ayanami says, I could have hacked my US 360, then I would have had to get a Japanese one.
Or, then I wouldn't have had to get a Japanese one.
And that kind of made me think, you know, yeah, getting around region locking, I think, I don't understand region locking, but that's... I do, I understand why they do it.
That doesn't mean I support it.
I know it's coming up later in the show, we'll get to it, but...
Let's not forget, and I know somebody's going to say it if I don't, PS3, of course, is not region locked, so I can't.
Yeah, and that's good, though, because it is good.
Here's what comes down to it, and I think that when you remove functionality like that, and it's not even necessarily removing it because a lot of the consoles in the past did not have, they weren't region free, but nonetheless, if you remove or do not have features like it being region free, I don't think
Thanks for watching!
And the PS3, actually, I think that's why it's taken so long.
It's because it had Linux enabled on it from the beginning, and it was region-free.
Why do you need to hack the system?
Because most people are trying to install Homebrew or play stuff from other regions.
So it was all there.
Well, they didn't remove the region locking, but they removed Linux.
And once they removed Linux, people took interest in trying to get that back because people don't like things that are taken away from them.
I just want to throw it out there.
If the Wii wasn't region locked, we could have totally made President Cat sell more than 100 copies.
Just saying.
If you remember that whole debacle from like two years ago.
Oh, yeah.
Two years ago?
It's about at least a year and a half, not two years ago.
It was a while.
Anyhow, if that's it for the hacking stuff, I just wanted to know, I found it interesting that dude was on Attack of the Show and all this stuff.
He's become this E-list celebrity now.
He's big in the iPhone community.
He came up with the jailbreak stuff.
That's pretty big.
Alright, let me go to some other stories here.
Kind of getting into other legal-ish type of things.
Although I don't think this is going to end up being a lawsuit.
There was this whole back and forth between Capcom Mobile this week and the folks that made Explosion Man, Twisted Pixel.
and it has to do with the game Maxplosion which came out for the iPhone which of course was released to iTunes.
It's very similar to Explosion Man.
Both feature little red demons kind of running around.
They're even like similar names doing similar things.
Yeah, so Capcom Mobile took a little bit of heat this week for doing that.
And so much that the Twisted Pixel programmer Mike Henry on his Twitter account said, "...Maxplosion gameplay video makes me sad.
If you're going to outright steal a game, you should at least understand what makes it fun."
Another note to this is that Twisted Pixel had actually once met with Capcom about getting them to distribute Explosion Man.
Capcom passed, so for them to do something like this was especially insulting.
Well, Capcom had to put out some fires of their own.
They, of course, were, quote, saddened.
Let me tell you how sad in this little statement.
We're sorry.
We're sorry.
I like how it completely dodges the fact, though, that the game is a total, like, you know, I don't want to say ripoff, but heavily influenced by Splosion Man.
You know what I mean?
I'm sorry.
That press release totally dodges that part of it.
You know what I mean?
Well, Capcom Mobile, they have different employees and they're in a different building than Capcom.
They don't ever work with Capcom console people at all.
I mean, God, they wouldn't be working with those teams when they poured over their crappy ports of games onto the iPhone or whatever.
Thank you for Dead Rising with four zombies in it.
So you're telling me that these people have no communication.
That's like the whole Coke Zero, Coke thing.
I think people are reading a little too much into what TwistedPixel said.
Believe it or not, I believe Capcom, what they're saying.
I think a lot of times these big companies, especially international companies, tend to work in little silos.
and I don't think that the Capcom division said one to another, hey, we got presented this little game.
You guys should try to... I don't think that ever happened.
Here's what I think did happen.
Explosion Man's been out for a good six months now.
I think some people in the mobile division played it and said, we want to do a game like this on the iPhone.
I honestly don't think it was ever one of those like...
Don't make it shadier than it already is shady.
You know what I mean?
But let's face it, folks.
I look at this and I go, this is news?
Really?
Games ripping each other off?
That's been happening forever.
And especially on the iPhone.
Hello, Gameloft.
I mean, ironically enough, Street Fighter 2, how many times was that game ripped off?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's up to the gamers to reject the crap.
And if you think that this is a crappy derivative of Splosion Man, don't buy it.
Don't support the ripoff and don't buy it.
It's cute, I guess, in some ways that Capcom's being called out on this, but I really don't think Capcom's alone in what they're doing.
I think every game company out there is guilty of doing it at some point.
Name me a company.
I'm sure there's a ripoff game they've done at some point.
I can't think of any.
Anyway, I'm not taking that literally.
I'm not trying to profess to be this encyclopedia of games or whatever, but I'm sure most big companies at one point or another have ripped off another game or allowed a game to heavily influence what they're doing.
So, and yeah, some comments from our chat room here.
DarkTipsia says, great Gianna sisters.
Well, you know, that ended up getting pulled from shelves, so that was a little too close.
And it's coming out in DS in February.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Blue Sky, Bricks on the Ground, Goomba Looking Monsters, Bricks that Turn into Coins.
I mean, damn, it was really, really just like Mario.
Little power-ups that make you get bigger.
It really was pretty much a Mario Brothers ripoff.
ironically enough when you get into later levels there are some kind of different mechanics that do set the game apart a little bit but here's the thing the reason why people remember that game so fondly it wasn't necessarily the game itself but it had a kick-ass soundtrack like you've ever heard the soundtrack to Great Giana Sisters and a lot of the Commodore 64 music you still hear that influence today I mean bit chiptune bit music all of it is influenced by Commodore 64 stuff all of it
and so there was such great music that came out of that Commodore 64 era and Great Gianna Sisters I think is fondly remembered because yeah it was a rip-off of a game it had an awesome soundtrack so uh Dark Titsy also brings up Casey Munchkin which was uh that was an Odyssey game there was a total rip-off of Pac-Man yep uh GameGuru says Capcom even sued for fighters history at that time they lost it's kind of interesting what games are considered too close and what games aren't hmm
Actdeft, by the way, in our chatroom says, Loki, I know a guy that works at Gameloft.
He pretty much has told some friends and me that they pretty much rip off games and just make some cosmetic changes.
Gameloft had a Castlevania Symphony of the Night rip off they were going to release a few years ago, but they canceled it.
Here's the thing though, to Gameloft's credit, some of their games are actually pretty good.
Granted, they're not the most original thing, but damn, for what it's running on, it's pretty good.
Problem is...
When they go to develop on consoles, they don't really learn that, okay, I can't put out a... Well, you can put out a Modern Warfare 2 clone, but no one's gonna give a shit because it's on consoles now.
It's not as impressive as making it run on the iPhone or whatever.
But yeah, their ports, I mean, or whatever, they aren't terrible.
I mean, I haven't played all of them, but...
They look, compared to some of the Angry Bird clones and stuff like that, it could be a lot worse.
Funny enough, if Gameloft had put out a version of Explosion Man, do you think it would have necessitated all these stories on GameBlogs this week?
Nope.
It was funny, though, because they did have a story that didn't make our show roll, but Gameloft was saying, we don't rip games off.
There's just a limited amount of genres that we can use, so a lot of games look similar.
No, I'm sorry, that is a bunch of shit Do you know why this, I think, got traction and is all over the news?
Because it's Capcom, and they expect better from Capcom Exactly, because Capcom, I think, has always been seen as They're one of us, they're friends with the community They're letting the people design Mega Man Legends 3 They're the good guys I'd expect better from Capcom, the console game manufacturer
Capcom Mobile, their stuff is shit that's true, the Mega Man game on iPhone, shit, absolute shit Dead Rising, terrible Devil May Cry I haven't actually played it yet but I'm sorry, it probably won't be good so no, I don't expect much better from Capcom Mobile now Capcom though, if they actually put out an Xbox Live Arcade game of Maxplosion then I'd be a little sad now you're acknowledging that they're separate divisions
This is what I'm saying.
It's their words.
I don't think they're talking to each other.
I don't think it's a mass conspiracy, the steel explosion, man.
It's not anything like that.
It's just they make crappy games in their mobile department.
What can I say?
All right, let's move on.
We'll see who's accusing who of ripping someone off next, and we'll go to another news story from SalaciousPod.
Champions Online, which came out in September of 2009, some brief 15-16 months ago, is going free to play.
I think Lord of the Rings Online was the most recent major MMO to do this.
Champions Online will be going free to play starting January 25th.
You can download the client and create your superhero or your villain and go along your crime-fighting way.
When it gets relaunched on the 25th, it is getting a new title, Champions Online Free-for-All, which sounds like it might be an expansion, but that's just what they're rebranding it for the free-to-play model.
This story is kind of...
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
and it was going to be the first MMO that had PC and Xbox 360 support where you could have an account I think that worked on both platforms and a month or two before release
Microsoft pulled the plug on the Xbox Live component of the MMO so right before they launched they already had potentially 50% of their game base taken away from them it became PC only and it floundered it never really took off, it kind of flopped actually so this isn't surprising to me at all I'm surprised that they're actually going free to play because for me it would seem that now they would be able to bring it to Xbox Live
because before they had, for some reason, the infrastructure with MMOs and stuff and subscriptions, they couldn't do it.
I'm sorry, but I call bullshit on Microsoft.
Final Fantasy XI came out like six months after the Xbox was out.
They were able to do this shit for years.
Well, then why haven't there been any MMOs on the console yet?
That's a damn good question.
One I think Microsoft needs to answer.
Final Fantasy XI did this shit.
It was PC and 360 and PlayStation 2 for fuck's sake.
You know why I don't think that there's been any MMOs?
Because there haven't really been any MMOs on consoles yet.
But now, now with Sony releasing like DC Universe and they're going to have the agency some year.
Final Fantasy XIV, which... Well, eventually Final Fantasy XIV, but...
You know, if that stuff takes off, though, they're gonna have to compete.
But right now, they had the MMO, Sony didn't have anything, and so now, you know, and Final Fantasy XI, I don't think, did too well for them on 360, because, you know... Because it had already been out for...
Thanks for watching!
it was awesome bought it because we had the PC version but sometimes we wanted to play it on our TV and it did look really good on the TV I'm not gonna lie like if I was still into playing Final Fantasy 11 I'd probably be playing it on the 360 with my current setup at home where I just live by myself now and I could be using my TV as a giant computer like that I would totally be playing Final Fantasy 11 on the Xbox 360 if I was still playing that game
it it it you know if that game went free to play yeah I gotta admit if Final Fantasy 11 went free to play I'd go back I'd go back and if all my characters were still there I'd be on like that I would download the client I'd be on tomorrow I would I'm not gonna lie that that's scary that that's a scary thought let's see if they did that bye bye 14 it doesn't even matter don't even release it just forget it it just don't even worry about it just finish keep adding to 11
Oh, that's scary.
So you knew that when this game came out, it was ready to come out on the Xbox.
And even on the PC version, you plug in an Xbox controller, and you can see how much better the game is with an Xbox controller.
That's kind of how I feel about DC Universe.
Ironically enough, these two games are somewhat similar in the whole superhero in the making thing.
I wonder if this happening is somewhat of a response to DC Universe now entering the market.
It seems like quite a few people are jumping on board here.
and having played the beta test of the PC version of DC Universe, man, it was so much better when I plugged in the controller and did it that way.
And so you download the client and you create your free account, you can play.
It's adopting sort of a freemium model where if you want to pay for the additional costume packs or the weapons or...
Powers or whatever you can pay a la carte for that however if you're into the game enough that you're willing to pay a $14.99 subscription which is what it is right now you will automatically get that stuff as soon as it's available you'll have everything so they're still offering a subscription based service for people that are into the game enough that they want all the goodies or you can just play it you know have it run with your WoW account
do the if you see one particular expansion that you like pay for it a la carte and otherwise it's free so yeah hopefully hopefully this will help the game out because I really like the superhero genre and this game I feel never really got a chance to succeed because of what Microsoft did too do you have any speaking of the superhero genre do you have any interest in DC Universe Online now that it's out um
I don't know if this is pretentious or what, but just the fact that it's DC, like if Marvel came out with an MMO, I'd feel the same way.
I just don't like the big names.
Because City of Heroes has a huge RP community in it because it's so customizable and it's not attached to any known license like DC is.
But yeah, I'm going to check this out now, now that it's free to play.
Champions Online, absolutely.
I'm going to get it.
All right.
Well, you'll have to come back and let us know how it is.
Yes.
All right.
Awesome.
Let's move on.
Yes.
So it's no surprise that one of the best games to be released for the Kinect has sold 1 million units in the U.S.
That would be Dance Central and also Kinect Sports, both those games breaking the 1 million unit mark.
Of course, the Kinect hardware has sold 8 million units worldwide.
and also it's kind of neat to mention and I don't think a lot of people know this yet but in case you haven't picked up Dance Central or you're thinking of picking it up and you may want to wait a little bit because they're actually going to be doing a new SKU that's going to be coming out to the market soon that will give you I guess your first piece of download content for free.
It's going to include a code for 240 Microsoft points bundled into the box.
Thanks for watching!
And it's so funny because last night I was out at the club and they were playing actually a couple songs that I recognize from Dance Central like Evacuate the Dance Floor.
So when Evacuate the Dance Floor started playing, I actually kind of started doing this in my seat.
Evacuate the dance.
I was doing the whole little dance from the game.
That's what that was.
I just thought you were drunk.
I didn't know.
I hate that song so much.
I know you want me.
I know I want you.
You know I want you.
The routine's pretty fun, though.
I know, that's the thing about Dance Central is that as stinking cheesy as those dances are, you kind of start to remember them after you've played the game enough times.
And I'm tempted to do it on the dance floor and I feel like a dumbass.
That one's really weird.
It's like a lot of jumping around.
Good times.
Alright, something that won't be as easy to dance to and you really, really should not reenact in real life at all.
The kind of, I guess you could say the, I don't know, very hard R rated Mortal Kombat episodes that are going to be coming out soon.
Okay, you might remember there was this little YouTube clip some time ago that was like a concept video for a Mortal Kombat movie reboot.
And it was like, imagine if Mortal Kombat went all Saw.
on you.
And it was really violent.
And some big names were in this.
Like, I want to say, what?
Michael Jai White.
Michael Jai White was Jax, and Tits of Nine, what's her name?
Was Sonia.
Jerry Ryan was Sonia in this.
And, yeah.
Sadly, they're not going to make it a movie.
That's not happening.
But what is going to happen, there's going to be some webisodes.
A 10-part Mortal Kombat webisode series.
I guess this is somewhat to promote the new games that are coming out.
So I wonder if that will somehow work together.
Michael Jai White is going to come back as Jax.
However, the website Bloody Disgusting that reported on this, because that's a website all about the gore movies, basically.
They didn't say a whole lot about the storyline.
So I imagine this is all just a part to kind of like pump up the release of the game.
But we don't know a whole lot outside of that.
So I guess it's neat.
I'm not into the uber violence.
You see, like I like Mortal Kombat because it's cartoony violence.
Like cartoony violence is funny to me.
But I don't like the Saw movies.
That just crosses the line to me.
So I don't know how I feel about this whole thing.
Am I a hypocrite?
Am I a hypocrite because I like Mortal Kombat but I don't like Saw?
A little.
Maybe a little bit.
I don't know.
I haven't really thought about it too much.
Spazinator says anyone remember the short lived Mortal Kombat TV show back in the 90s?
Yeah, that was an interesting... I remember that show.
It was on the network here that is now the CW that used to just show all the... You know, before there was a CW network, they would show all the... UPN!
Yeah.
No, even before that.
Because this show was on, I want to say, in the early... No, I guess it was... It was UPN.
It was UPN at the time, that's right.
So it was just funny.
Anyhow, we'll see what becomes of this Mortal Kombat as we get closer to the game coming out.
But for now, we move on with more news.
Slash pop.
Okay, so Capcom is coming out with a system for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 where if you do the versus online mode and you're playing some stranger and he dunks on you really bad and the only reason why he didn't get a perfect on your ass is because you got in some block damage and you say screw this and quit...
Well, you're going to eventually rally up enough rage quit points or whatever that you're going to be thrown into other random battles with other rage quitters to discourage that type of behavior.
So yeah, that is...
interesting I believe in Tatsunoko versus Capcom for the Wii they have a similar system if you enter a random battle leave in the middle of it because you're losing then once you finally get someone that you can win a round on um they'll rage quit on you and you guys can just all rage quit on each other while the more serious competitors will you know take their random battles more seriously I guess so yeah that's um that story uh came out uh last week and uh
Yeah, sounds interesting.
I wish they'd do this in WoW.
I wish they'd do this in Grand Theft Auto.
Does everyone seem to like this idea?
What if the rage quitting is beyond your control, though?
What if it's like a legit connection failure?
If you're out in the boonies and you only have like maybe satellite as your only broadband option, then yeah, that might suck for you.
But then again, you're still a problem for the people you're trying to play against.
You're still dropping out all the time, so maybe you do need to be paired with the rage quitters.
To the person that you're playing against, they don't know that you dropped out.
They just think you're a rage quitter anyway, so it's still your problem.
Yeah, at our work, we usually have that issue with Grand Theft Auto matches and stuff, but I would think that they would know that I'm not rage quitting because I'm kicking the fucking ass out of them, and I'm in first place, and then I drop.
It's not like, oh, damn it, I'm doing too good, I'm leaving.
maybe a little bit just a tad let's travel around the world and look at release dates for games that are coming out soon more games that you can rage quit in yes this week is not too busy but it doesn't fucking matter because there's only really one game you should pick up and that would be LittleBigPlanet 2 very excited that this game is coming out and I can dust off my PS3 finally and play this game so it's pretty awesome
If you haven't played this game yet too, on PlayStation 3 as well, Mass Effect 2 will be making its way out.
And it's slightly polished Mass Effect 3 engine along with all the download content.
So that's kind of cool.
That will be out this week as well.
Um, some other fun stuff coming out this week.
Plants vs. Zombies on Nintendo DS, which is a pretty awesome game.
Um, Mindjack is actually kind of a neat looking game.
This is on PlayStation 3 and 360 from Square Enix.
Um, getting some comparisons to Demon's Souls actually, except for the, I don't think it's supposed to be...
to the point where you want to blow your brains out hard.
But apparently it's one of those games that has a persistent online portion of it where you can jump into other people's games and play as the villains.
Nice.
I love that idea.
So, yeah, that's something that's coming out this week, which is pretty cool.
And then...
What else?
Oh, Spellforce 2 Faith and Destiny.
I guess it's a PC title that's coming out this week, as well as Veneticon PC.
That was a little bit of a holdover.
But that's it.
Really, yeah, small week.
Demon's Souls 2 Demon's Souls 2 Demon's Souls 2
But Mindjack sounds interesting.
I'd say I'd check it out, but unfortunately games cost $60.
So if I'm not able to rent it first or try it, I don't know.
Give it some time.
I don't think this is going to be a game that's packed in between LittleBigPlanet 2 and Dead Space 2.
A lot of people aren't going to realize that this game is out and they'll probably drop the price rather quick.
We'll see.
Let's move to Japan and look at the Japanese release dates.
We have Connect Joyride coming out on the 360 as well as Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom both come out on the 20th of this month on 360.
So they're getting some of their Connect localized titles a little later than we had them here.
That also comes out, by the way, on the PlayStation 3.
Not Kinect, of course, but Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom comes out from Namco Bandai.
This game, I'm trying to think if I've heard of this here in the U.S., and I know I've seen a trailer for this, and it actually looks pretty awesome.
Loki, what is this game called here?
What?
It's from Namco, and it's like Overworld.
You have this little giant following you.
It's called Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom.
Is this called the same game here?
Yeah, it came out over the end of November.
What?
I missed this game?
Yes, you did.
This looks kind of neat.
How well received was it?
I don't know.
It looks kind of cool.
But it dropped in price a bunch of times.
Did it?
I mean, right before it came out.
I think it was only a $40 game.
I might have to check that out.
So many games came out at the end of last year.
I totally missed that.
Well, yeah, it was that and Spider House were the same week.
People kind of forgot about it because, you know, was it...
Operation Black, Black Ops, something like that, yeah, and Assassin something or other, Creed, Brotherhood, yeah.
Alright, also coming out on PlayStation 3, this is a price reduction of a game that's already been out, it comes in the best series now, it's Ryu Ga Gotoku 4 Densetsu Wu Sugumono.
You might know this game as Yakuza 4, that's the same game there, and that's getting a big price reduction on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Going to some other systems like the Nintendo Wii.
Nintendo Wii has Sengoku Mosou 3 gets a price reduction this week.
And Momotaro Densetsu 2010 Sengoku Isshin no Hiro Dasyugo gets a price.
I think that's a price reduction as well this week.
So lots and lots of things getting cheaper.
And I'm trying to see what this game is.
This looks like kind of like a, I guess, train station simulator.
These train games are very popular over there in Japan.
So it's another train simulator game.
That is getting a price reduction there Starting to see some stuff for the 3DS forming in Japan But can't talk about it until February 26th But that's starting to show up on my list So that's kind of exciting But if you want to go back to the regular DS Zombie Daisuke comes out this week As well as yet another price reduction for Gaikuten Kenje comes out Also Plants vs. Zombies I guess comes out in the US this week And that is actually getting some import over in Japan Believe it or not
also a huge huge release on the PSP this week Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix so it's like kind of like the game redone with the extra stuff including anything we got here in the US that they didn't get over there one other game on the PSP to mention Venus and Braves Majo to Megami to Horiobi no Yogen comes out from Bandai Namco this week as well so there you go Venus Braves by the way is what that series is known as
That's it for Japanese releases.
How about the UK?
For UK releases, I'm going to take it back a couple days just to remind everybody in the great old Britain that DC Universe Online came out on the 14th on both PC and PlayStation 3.
And also a game called Ghost Trick for the DS.
That was January 14th.
And Kingdom Hearts Recoded as well on the DS on the January 14th.
For this upcoming week, we have on the January 17th
Monday Night Combat for the PC.
On the 21st, we have LittleBigPlanet 2 for the PS3, Mass Effect 2 for the PS3, and MindJack for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
And that wraps up all of next week.
That's on the 21st.
You know what's funny about those releases is that I almost pretty much heard the same stuff when Loki was talking and you don't see that a lot is that the UK and the US are kind of getting a lot of releases Usually the UK will get their stuff late Yeah, so that's pretty cool that a lot of the stuff is coming out in tandem so if I were living overseas I'd be pretty happy right now to hear that Alright, well let's move on with a couple more stories and then the classic game of the week I know Dark Sakura is not here tonight but we've got a plan B, don't worry We're going to get to the classic game of the week in just a little bit but first, two more news stories for you guys
Yes, unfortunately, the Wii always gets shit on when it comes to download content, and that seems to be what's going on this time.
The Rock Band Network, which is releasing a bunch of indie tracks on the Xbox 360, and I believe they were getting a few ported over to the PS3 and Wii.
Well, that's going to stop, at least on the Wii.
It says, with a smaller install base, limited demand for releases so far, and the submission
Significant amount of work it takes for our producers and audio team to convert and process these additional tracks.
We are no longer able to continue submitting Rockman Network content to the Wii.
So to summarize, or in other words, no one's fucking buying it so we're going to stop making it.
Yes.
It says regular Wii DLC and Rockman Network releases for the 360 and PS3 will continue uninterrupted.
honestly truthfully I think the Wii owners are lucky to be getting any DLC at all like with how crappy Nintendo's online front end is compared to their competitors I am I honestly think Harmonix is graceful and generous in the amount of content that they do put out on the Wii and like I realize that a lot of people own a Wii and a lot of people have this game on the Wii but I think they they more than support their game like better than probably any other fucking company does on the Wii
Well, at least on the Wii, though, you get some Rock Band stuff this week on the 18th.
You get the main drag, How We Look on Paper, Wounded Soul, RX, Band of Horses, The Great Salt Lake, Firewind, Head Up High, Seton Clausen and the Soul Side, White Heat, and OK Go with White Knuckles.
OK Go is pretty awesome.
All right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and it looks like the way this works is a lot of the words kind of show up on the bottom of the screen so you can kind of touch them to put the words in and what have you yeah that's basically the deal so I man that's great if I had an iPad I'd be checking that out right now in fact I might try it on my iPhone but I'm guessing it doesn't work nearly as well because you don't have quite the same real estate so there you go
I wonder how they're getting away with this.
I guess it's just kind of one of those until they get the cease and desist letter, they're just going to do it.
Or once it's on the internet, everybody has it.
I don't know.
SSJ100Matt says, wait for iPad 2.
It comes with electric boogaloo.
That's from our chatroom, chat.orangeeyesradio.com.
I am going to actually wait for iPad 2.
I do want to wait for that because it'll have the front-facing cam and all the other frills and stuff.
I enjoy whenever we go to the mall and we pass the Apple store.
I was like, hey, Rob, go get your iPad.
Just impulse buy it right now.
Drop the 600 bones.
Do it.
One of these days, I'm going to do it.
And then you're going to be like, I was kidding.
I ain't really mean for that to happen.
Well, you know, when the iPad 2 is announced, the prices of those iPad 1s are going to plummet.
Like, they're going to go down to $200, $300.
I have so many friends that work at the Apple mothership down in, where is that?
I don't even know.
Well, all your friends work there, shouldn't you know?
Cupertino.
Cupertino, the one infinity loop.
And whenever the new generation of iPods come out,
within their internal employee store because they get markdowns on that.
Dirt cheap.
I've gotten two iPods that way.
Nice.
So I'll try and... Well, except you'll want a new one.
No, I want one of the new fancy pants ones.
I don't want that old shit.
I want the new ones.
I can do drunken FaceTime because that's the only reason you use FaceTime is when you're rip-roaring drunk, which I didn't do last night, oddly enough.
But anyway, FaceTime is best for drunk dialing.
It's drunk dialing for a new century is what it is.
So there you go.
To answer your question, yes, you can play it on an iPod, but it's hard.
Why is it hard?
It's small because you have to type in text on the bottom here.
Oh, yuck.
But you can do it.
You can click around and stuff because it supports Safari.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
I thought I got sucked through.
Great, that sucked.
Oh, that's too bad.
Alright, question from our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com live here on this Sunday evening.
Dark Tetsuya says, Rob, are you going to wait for the 3DSi?
No, I'm getting the 3DS right when it comes out and I bet a lot of you skeptic folks the first time you see the 3DS you're going to be like, holy shit, it really is 3D without glasses and you'll probably buy it too.
I'm really not trying to sound like a fanboy don't get me wrong, Nintendo pisses me off more than they usually make me happy but the 3DS it's a pretty fantastic piece of technology I'm almost excited to get it for and I know this is going to sound weird because I'm usually not a fan of 3D movies but the 3D on the DS doesn't really bother me I'm excited to see what kind of 3D movies come out on the DS if Tron Legacy comes out in 3D on the DS on the 3DS I'm there, hello
Seriously, don't you want that?
Hell yes, I want that.
All right, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Here at Orange Lounge Radio, we do a segment every week called the classic game of the week, and it has a little theme song.
This is the part of the week where DarkSakura dives into her vault and she drags out a classic video game.
She says, hey!
DarkSakura.com
So we thought maybe Salacious Pop could pick something that DarkSakura maybe would not pick.
I made sure that I'm not stepping on DarkSakura's toes on the whole console classic.
So I picked a PC classic, namely King's Quest IV, The Perils of Rosella.
How appropriate considering the last story.
Off of the Sierra Online story we just finished up.
Wonderful choice.
Let's see if we can get some music here.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Insert Disk 7.
So it was a game like that.
I loved this game because it was the last in the King's Quest series that used the traditional text-based input system, like look under bridge, throw ball, search room, all that stuff.
King's Quest 5 adopted the new mouse cursor engine.
So King's Quest 4, the last traditional text-based King's Quest game, takes place immediately after the events of King's Quest 3.
You play Rosella, the daughter of King Gram of Daventry.
King Gram in the opening sequence has a heart attack.
The magic mirror tells you that you need to be ported away to a magical world, to Tamir, to find this fruit.
And if King Gram can eat the fruit, he will not die.
and this game had an internal timer.
You had to get the fruit and make it back to King Graham within a certain amount of game time or else he would die and it would be game over.
So you had to figure out the puzzles relatively quickly.
At some point it turned to night and everything got dark.
There were certain puzzles that you could only beat.
Like there's an abandoned mansion.
There was nothing to do there unless you went there at night when it was haunted because the puzzles didn't light up until it was dark.
So you had to
you know do everything else and then that was the last place you went to while it was still nightfall it had multiple endings it was possible to survive the dangers of Tamir and escape the evil witch Lolote and make it back to King Graham without actually getting the fruit
So you had to be able to figure out where it was, what items you needed to get the item and then survive the antagonist, the evil witch, and then give him the food in the end.
And yes, it had multiple endings, which was pretty innovative at the time.
I think EGA graphics, but the pixels were a lot smaller than the traditional King's Quest games.
So visually, even for EGA graphics, 16 color, stunning.
and the music, of course, with the King's Quest 4, I believe, was one of the first Sierra games that actually used sound cards instead of just the beep, beep, beep, beep.
Good old AdLib.
Yep, AdLib.
I had an AdLib back in the day.
It was the bomb.
Because King's Quest, I want to say 1 through 3, or maybe 1 and 2, just used your internal speaker, the loud, harsh beeps, and 4 had sound card support.
So, amazing game.
Also, like most of the King's Quest games, it was possible to miss an item that you needed to not die or to kill the big bad at the end.
If you missed that puzzle, if you let Cupid fly away from the little pool without getting his Cupid's bow and arrow, and you saved your game, you were screwed.
Couldn't beat it.
Sorry, try again.
So yeah, great game.
Why is it that so many people think so fondly of 4 specifically?
Like, you ask most people, what's your favorite King's Quest game?
And most people, including myself, would say 4 was the best, period.
Out of a, what, 8-game series, right?
Most people would say 4 is the best.
I rejected the reality in where it is real.
Okay.
7.
Fine.
Fine.
Some might argue nine if you count this fan silver lining at this point.
But why is it, regardless of how many you think there are or aren't, why is it that four is the one that's so fond and meet people's hearts?
I mean, again, I'm sure there's people listening to this show going, no, five was my favorite, or one was the best.
Why four?
So many people that I know, at least.
Visually, at the time, people just never saw a game that was that beautiful on PC gaming.
It really took EGA graphics as far as they literally could go without stepping up to VGA 256 colors.
So just visually, people just remember how awestruck they were when they saw it and they loaded up the game.
When you first arrive on that beach and you can see the wave...
of the ocean up against the yellow sand.
The sound card support to actually have ad-lib music coming at you through your speakers.
And I think the nostalgia of text-based RPGs because it was the last one in that series.
King's Quest V and VI were all mouse-based.
I think for me, a big part of it too was in the story.
It seemed like a lot of it was inspired by fables, Aesop's fables, like Hansel's and Gretel's type of thing.
I think that is very fond as well for me.
I think that's why I grabbed it.
King's Quest has always had that a little bit, but yes, there were a lot of great...
meta genre references particularly in 4 the three hags that represent the three fates that all share one eye and you had to catch their eyes so they were blind otherwise they were going to eat you that was in King's Quest 4 you find a gold ball and you throw it into a pond and you have to kiss the frog like the princess and the frog that's in King's Quest 4 so a lot of classic fairy tale homages are in this particular title
Man, I really wish this series would come back.
And yes, I understand there's the fan project, and I mean no disrespect.
They're doing a wonderful, wonderful thing, and they've taken so much shit for what is really a thing that they love.
So I'm definitely not slamming that at all.
But I really wish somebody would just give people lots of money to make a big-budget return of King's Quest.
You know what I mean?
How awesome would that be?
Well, there have been fanservice VGA or SVGA remakes of the first three.
Sure, sure.
That are completely independent and they run great.
But I mean, just like now with today's technology and games and so forth, with DVD and Blu-ray technology and stuff, I would just love to see a really well-done new King's Quest game that's just, you know, like, I don't know.
I don't even know how to explain it.
Like, just that whole kind of world.
I want to go back to that.
Yeah, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
completely different franchise and story and company but when that game because there was a point in them there was I think a sort of a a shift in what people wanted on PC gaming I think around maybe the early mid 90s where adventure games were boring people didn't like them anymore because Doom came in and PC became about first-person shooters and then Half-Life and all that and the Sierra style of games Space Quest, King's Quest were sort of left in the wake
You would think, though, with all the nostalgia wank that happens out there in the world, though, that there would be room for this.
And I realize that's kind of where Telltale kind of has their market right now, and they do a very good job at what they do.
But I'm just surprised, especially when that whole silver lining stuff was going on, that who owns the license now?
Activision, I guess, who got it from Vivendi, has basically said, you know what?
We don't want to revisit that world.
And that's not just King's Quest.
That's Space Quest.
That's Hero Quest.
Quest for Glory.
Quest for Glory.
all that stuff.
You know, and it's just I don't know, it's just kind of annoying because I would really like to see some of that come back.
This is going to sound a little elitist and maybe I'm a bit proud that this is elitist.
These games probably too hard for kids these days.
They were hard.
You could save your game and just screw up.
You had to start all the way over.
That stuff doesn't fly now.
And for it to be a true King's Quest or Space Quest game, it would need to be hard as hell and you would need to be able to
Oh, you fail, sorry.
You didn't throw the boot at the cat, so now the mouse isn't going to rescue you in King's Quest V, so LOL, 15 hours of your life you have to do over.
That won't fly anymore.
That's true.
Everybody wants the easy button now.
Alright, well, if you want to go see how we had it when we were young, you ungrateful kids, go check out King's Quest IV, The Perils of Rosella, because it was just one of the best King's Quest games they ever did.
I believe this was ported to a variety of consoles.
It's not just PC.
I mean, clearly the PC is the best one, but if you must, I believe it was on the NES, wasn't it?
Five was.
Five was ported.
I thought four was on the NES, too.
Yeah, five was the one.
Also, you can get the King's Quest Collection and Space Quest Collection on Steam.
It comes with a DOS box, which is that sort of indie MS-DOS emulator that's fully inclusive of all that stuff that will run on Windows 7.
That includes, of course, this game, King's Quest 4, for about $20 on Steam.
Nice.
For whatever reason, it's never on sale.
So I think the licensing for it is very bare bones where Activision is like, here's this DOS box emulated comp of these old ass games and we're not letting you put it on sale ever.
Steam never really features it on the RPG page.
You have to literally search for it in the Steam client, King's Quest Collection.
Good tip.
But you can get it.
Yeah.
If anybody's still using GameTap, I think a lot of those games are on there too.
Good old games.
GOG might have some of these too.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom says Westwood also put out the Kyrandia series of adventure games.
Just reminded me of another great series that was out there.
That was one Loki really liked too, if I remember right, right?
Yes, I did like specifically Kyrandia, the Hands of Fate.
All right, well, that's going to do it for our classic game of the week.
Very good pick, Alan.
Very well done.
I'm sure DarkSakura would be proud.
We'll ask her when she gets back.
But we are going to take a quick break, but don't worry, there's plenty more OLR to come.
We're going to get to some rapid-fire news.
Twitter topics, of course.
If you haven't submitted your tweets tonight, you should get those in at twitter.com slash OLR.
We've got a lot of stuff about the 3DS we haven't even got to yet, and some other stuff on the PSP2, so it's going to be a little bit of handheld.
But not just that, because we'll talk about that Dreamcast collection.
and if everything goes bad in Part B don't worry, Mama will fix it that's right, another Cooking Mama story coming up in Part B so we'll be right back you guys with a little more of Orange Lounge Radio, don't go anywhere
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with the 397th episode of our show on this January the 16th of 2011.
DarkSakura, she is out right now.
She's on her way back.
She's been at some type of pinball event all day.
I'm hoping she makes it back before the end of the show so we can ask her about that a little bit.
But joining us here in studio tonight, filling in is Salacious Pop, who's been on a few episodes of OLR.
So he's doing a great job co-hosting tonight.
Pat on the back for you and a cookie.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura.com
The tapes every Thursday There might be a live episode this week We are working on that I'm going to try and hammer out the details I don't know exactly how that's going to work Because I've got to make sure if it's going to be at all games We have to respect that there are other shows that already have time slots So we're going to try to make that happen this week One off thing, we're not always live though And if you like that, Extifer is my co-host there And he's pretty hilarious And we talk a lot about World of Warcraft and all that good stuff
Check that out.
We don't really have a website for that yet, but you can find us on iTunes at Horde House.
Or if you go to OrangeLaunchRadio.com, the main site for our show, there are little buttons that link you to our side projects right there.
It's great.
Check it out.
Let's move on to some quick news.
We'll get to Twitter topics in just a minute.
Last call for some Twitter topics at Twitter.com slash OLR while we do some rapid fire news.
As part of that whole Mega Man Legends 3 meta thing that they have going on where basically the fans get to decide different aspects of Mega Man, well it came down to voice actresses or actors for the Mega Man role.
and it was up to the vote of fans and 3,000 people voted and it looks like that your Mega Man voice actress is going to be Akimi Kondra and I guess she was the voice actress that did work in Mega Man X Command Mission, Mega Man Powered Up and I guess she's also done work in Persona 4, Fatal Frame 2 and Clannad and
That's pretty cool.
I guess Mega Man Legends 3 is heading to the 3DS.
Another reason to own a 3DS.
Fucking Mega Man Legends.
That's what it is.
The Dreamcast Collection, something that's been rumored for a while, is actually coming out on PC and Xbox 360 this February.
I gotta admit, though, it's not too exciting.
It's really just a collection of the titles that are coming on Xbox Live Arcade, including Crazy Taxi, Sonic Adventure, Sega Bass Fishing, and Space Channel 5 Part 2, all with slightly enhanced up-res graphics.
Um, apparently it's going to retail for $30.
And it'll be out on February 22nd.
I don't know.
Is that something that you'd be interested in, Rob, since, you know, it does have Space Channel 5?
Of course.
I hella want Space Channel 5.
But this is the thing, though, is I wouldn't buy the collection.
I'd just buy Space Channel 5 when it comes out, you know, on Xbox Live Arcade.
Yeah, that's what made my ears perk up.
I was like, what?
Ooh la la, what?
Because Sonic Adventure, I heard that port wasn't very good.
Crazy Taxis, missing a lot of the license stuff in there.
Sonic Adventure just wasn't very good.
So, you can port it all you want.
And Sega Bass Fishing, I just don't give a shit about that.
So, you know.
And this is a juicy rumor here.
Apparently, you know, the...
Oh, actually, I'm jumping ahead here.
You are a little bit.
That's alright.
Sorry, must have missed the link there.
Now, this is actually a juicy rumor.
It's actually coming in the form of Slurpees.
They're going to be doing some sort of promotion now with LittleBigPlanet 2 and Killzone 3, where you can go buy Slurpees at your local 7-Eleven, and you'll be able to get different, I guess...
prizes or codes that you can redeem for things.
They're going to have strategy guides, premium themes, download content, and more.
No word if they're going to actually have any sort of special flavors to go along with them.
I almost wanted to stop at 7-11 on the way here because it's like, ooh, Slurpee.
That's good stuff.
Alright, Slurpees are amazing, but lots of calories.
So for those of you that are trying to do diets for the new year, I'd stay away from Slurpees, just saying.
But they're really good.
I love the pina colada ones.
Yeah, I was just about to bring that up.
So gross.
He'll get the large slurpee of the flavor.
I think coconut is vile.
So he will get the pina colada to guarantee that I won't try to, you know, Bogart it from him.
I love coconut.
Like, I love my croons are like my favorite cookie ever.
And then coconut cream pie is so amazing.
Oh my gosh.
What have I been eating the last two weeks?
French onion soup How dare I How dare I
I don't know what it is, but A&W from an A&W or even the combination KFC A&W like they have out here is so much better than the ones at the store.
I can't explain it.
A&W from the tap is so much better.
They sell them in gallon jugs.
I swear to God.
Today I was like, I could drink a half gallon.
I could do it.
I've seen them!
And they are seriously... It's a sight to behold, I tell ya, man.
I took Salacious Pop to Panera for the first time today, though.
He really liked it.
I guess they don't have them in his neck of the woods.
Kind of a new thing.
People on Facebook have said that there's a bunch around me, but in the neighborhood I'm in, there aren't any.
But yeah, I've never seen one, so... What's ironic is it took... It was hella good.
It took the place of a Krispy Kreme.
Yeah.
I know, and that is crime right there.
Really, they should have just, I don't know, they should have tore down another restaurant.
It's like, get rid of the Wendy's.
Wendy's sucks in everything.
All right, let's get back to gaming news.
Yet again, the food topic.
I don't even know what to say.
We have a release date for PlayStation Move Heroes.
It's March 22nd.
Some bonuses that come with the reservations depending on where you reserve it.
Amazon and GameStop, you can get a skin pack with Pirate Sly, Freedom League Jack, and Trillium Armor Ratchet is all the special stuff you can get there.
Apparently, quote, there's also a full story surrounding the game and why they're all together.
That is from Christian Cardona, the marketing manager of the game.
PlayStation Move Heroes.
I have yet to buy a PlayStation Move, I don't know.
Super Street Fighter 4 3D is coming out, of course, on the 3DS.
It's going to have online multiplayer.
That's pretty neat.
There was a whole little trailer, too, that hit the internet this week that was showing some of the features like that.
But there's also going to be worldwide online play and what's called Channel Live.
You can just watch live matches in Channel Live if you want to watch the pros do their thing.
There's also figurine collecting and random street fighting modes if you want to do that.
That's that whole using the aware thing as you walk by people.
I guess your character can fight somebody else even though you're not actually fighting.
So this sounds like it's going to be a pretty big launch title even though most of us have already played Super Street Fighter 4.
My question is, and maybe this has already been answered somewhere, I just haven't seen it.
How has the character roster been affected by the move to the 3DS?
I mean, surely they had to cut some characters out, right?
Yeah.
or did they not wow the videos and the YouTubes that have been out of this game have blown my mind on how good it looks so for it to look that good if they cut a few characters in order for that to happen I do not mind because that is some awesome stuff coming out on that game right now
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Can I go on the tangent train a little bit?
Of course.
I really hope that this generation of handhelds, be it the 3DS or the PSP2, uses more of the infrastructure, central server style of multiplayer.
Because the last few...
generations obviously you've got the Game Boy Advance with the link up cable that was the last generation that used that with the PSP and the DS it's all ad hoc I don't know that many people that have a DS or PSP where I can be in the same room with them and do ad hoc connect so I really want this generation Super Street Fighter 4 3DS to have the central server and I know with the PS3 and the PSP you can do the tethering but that's still just too cumbersome for me so I'm hoping that
It's too much of a pain in the ass, I agree.
So I love handhelds, but I'll never play ad hoc support because I don't know that many friends with them.
So that's all.
No problem.
Let's talk about another fighting game on the 3DS, Dead or Alive Dimensions.
It's kind of interesting because they've talked about this game's going to have 30 frames a second and 60 frames a second.
It just depends on if you're playing 3D or 2D.
So if you're playing in 3D mode, you only get 30 frames a second per eye.
But if you decide to condense it down to 2D, you'll get a 60 frames a second fighter.
That's kind of interesting.
I mean, it makes sense too because obviously 3D is rendering one frame and then another really fast back and forth in rapid succession.
I think it'll still look pretty good in 3D, but that's pretty cool that if you get sick of 3D, there's kind of like a little perk, if you will, to play in 2D.
Kind of neat.
Well, that's the same thing with...
I'm sure a lot of games are like that, by the way.
Yeah, same with Street Fighter 4 on there, because they have that really funky view that you can do that gives it more depth, but if you don't want to do that, you don't have to do that, which is great.
Alright.
Salacious Pop has a few stories for us, then we're going to get to the Twitter topics.
Real quick, though, I was just going to say, now, I've noticed, and I think this is kind of smart in Nintendo's part, at least, I don't know if it's Nintendo's part, but
as far as the games that are coming out launched for it and stuff.
It seems to be quite a variety.
It's not all like, oh, it's Mario this or Zelda this and all kiddie stuff.
It's like we've got some hardcore fighters in there.
We've got a little bit of the Nintendogs kind of crap and a little bit of something for everybody.
So I think that's pretty awesome.
Indeed.
It sounds like it's going to have a pretty good lineup at the beginning, so I just hope the price is reasonable.
We'll see pretty soon, though.
All right, SalaciousPop.
Okay, for my quickfire stories, those of you who wanted to play Pac-Man Battle Royale, the return to form Pac-Man arcade game multiplayer, that is now available to American arcade distributors.
So that means that whatever arcade, if you're fortunate enough to live in an area that still has one, they can have it.
It's a cocktail style cabinet, you know, the old pizza parlor model, set your drink on it.
So it's the flat glass cabinet.
Coming soon to Dave & Buster's everywhere, I'm sure.
Yeah.
According to the source of the article, Arcade Heroes, it's currently being sold for $4,275 to the arcade businesses that might want to get it and put it in the store or in their arcade, which apparently is cheaper than most of the other stuff because most arcade games right now that are popular are the ticket spitters.
and the big, you know, the time crisis, the huge shoot-em-up arcade games.
So, you know, the Pac-Man Battle Royale Cocktail Cabinet, a little over four grand, I guess, is a steal for a new arcade machine.
So yeah, Pac-Man fans, look for that in your arcade, starting hopefully as soon as this month, because it's out there for us to buy it.
So, next...
The domain name FinalFantasy13-2Game.com has been registered by Squeenix.
So everyone's all, you know, freaking out about what this means.
Maybe Lightning is going to become a pop singer, just like, what's her name in Final Fantasy?
Yay, AddressSphere, I can't wait.
Yay.
So yeah, that was registered along with a bunch of other domains for their, I'm going to totally butcher this pronunciation,
N.I.E.R., Nier, that RPG they put out.
Yeah, Nier or whatever.
Nier and Mindjack.
So a bunch of domains are registered for those properties.
Square is holding a first production party premiere event in Japan in two days on the 18th.
So people are like, ooh, what titles and little side story projects are they going to announce today?
Maybe we'll find out about Kingdom Hearts 3
maybe maybe we'll find out that would be a great E3 announcement though Final Fantasy 7 remake maybe I'm just flame baiting at this point maybe we'll find out about Final Fantasy 14 redo over the do over expansion they said they were doing Final Fantasy 6 on the DS the 3DS then I would I would that'd be enough for me
Square is having some event in two days and they registered 13-2 game.
FinalFantasy13.com Speculate to your heart's content.
Last quick fire story for me is that some of the retail marketing assets for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 have Akuma.
Akuma, Akuma, Akuma
Jeez, do we have the full roster yet?
Because it seems like every week there's some damn story about, oh, this character's in it.
Oh, this character's in it.
Well, in this little sample graphic here, it's got Akuma, Tron Bon, which we already knew about, Albert Wesker.
I don't know if I knew about him.
Yeah, he was announced a while ago.
And then Arthur, of course, from Ghosts and Goblins.
He was announced a while ago.
So, yeah.
So, we know that Akuma is at least in print material for the game.
So, he's got to be... Maybe he's unlockable, but he's in there.
So...
Alright, we'll see.
Alright, for now, let's go to the Twitter.
We're going to get some tweets.
Every week we ask you guys to show us your tweets at twitter.com slash OLR.
And we're going to read some messages sent to us right now.
We'll start off with Spassinator PSN sent us a couple tweets here.
There's been a ton of free stuff put onto the PSN video store lately.
The usual spot, so be sure to check it out.
So if you like free videos, you can check that out.
hopefully your console doesn't get forked if you try to hack it and then you'll lose that rights to all that video content so be careful Redertainment I like this tweet which console would compete better on Jeopardy the 360 the PS3 or the Wii because you know if you haven't heard there's that whole computer that's going on Jeopardy that's supposed to be doing battle against what like Ken Jennings and I don't know somebody else whatever so I don't know what do you guys think which console would compete best on Jeopardy
I would guess the PlayStation 3 because of, you know, that whole Uber chip that's inside it.
It's kind of got the best computer parts, if you will.
Well, the 360 would call Alex Trebek a fag and then the panel boat would go red.
The right on screen.
It would go red and then it would just sit there for the rest of the show.
And Alex Trebek would be like... So, yeah.
Actdeft sends us a link to a story about a video game pirate trades sales for Steam.
It's a link to a story on Kotaku.
and so forth.
And, um...
He said near the end of 2010 he had stopped playing PC games altogether.
And if he ended up liking a game, he wouldn't even bother to order it.
He'd just keep playing it until he beat it and then move on.
Then Steam, I guess, changed his mind.
He's been a user on Steam for five years.
and then he would I guess wake up during the holiday sale and see what games he's going to buy.
Having the convenience of Steam to download games right there was enough for him.
He bought 22 games over the course of the sale.
There you go.
I guess the 3DS too is something else that's making him reform.
You can read the whole piece there on Kotaku.
Another link sent to us on Twitter from SJ100 Matt says this is a link about a group of fans remaking Sonic 2 in HD.
This is yet another one of those things where I remember one of these not that long ago there was a story about a Sonic game that was being like remade or like a whole new HD Sonic game that looked better than Sonic 4.
I think Jamie had the story and she was reporting on it and it looked better than what Sega's putting out.
and now there's this whole little teaser on YouTube I guess for a remade Sonic 2 in HD.
Now it just looks like old school Sonic but in widescreen and high def.
It looks great.
Why the fuck isn't this on Xbox Live?
I can't.
I love how all the fans try to one-up Sega, though.
It's like, at what point does flattery become insult?
Like, seriously, I don't even know.
Defective Candy sends us a tweet.
The first kinetic app has shown up in the Mac App Store.
It's called the Connect 3D Viewer app, and you can plug the USB Connect into your Mac, and you get a 3D visualization of the depth data.
You can also map RGB values on the image.
You can zoom and rotate the visualization.
So it kind of looks like an old-school Max Headroom thing from the 80s in this little clip you see there.
But yeah, now that the Mac App Store is open, people are putting all sorts of creative things up on there.
So yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
PS3 Unlocker
so uh wow that that sucks actually for Sony if that happens because there's just gonna be so many people that abuse that and well it's too bad they could easily ban those people that do that they do that for Xbox live right now because you can do that already with JTAG consoles but I mean
You can tell.
Usually you can tell.
Hey, he has a 2 million gamer score.
That's a little weird.
Probably a little high.
I enjoy metagaming and the whole sort of semi-EP achievement point thing.
WoW has it, Xbox has it.
I think it's neat, but I just can't imagine who is taking this seriously enough to where they want to hack themselves up into the 50,000 score so they can go, hey, look at my gamer card, look at my score.
Who is that person?
Because I want to meet them and maybe push them down some stairs.
Yeah, I mean, it's like, you know, big fucking deal.
Like, woo, you unlocked everything and you did it by cheating.
You know, it's unfortunate.
You know, someone who does it legitimately...
Get some really cool achievements, but you know, the person who unlocks the most, the maximum achievements in one game isn't good at every single game, and that's okay.
It's just like in the Olympics, the same competitors don't do every single sport, unless you're looking at something like the decathlon, but that's different.
and XBLA will occasionally feature a gamer on Xbox Live that has a really high number sometimes it'll be you know an Iraqi vet that's now disabled and they play Xbox and now they have like a 30,000 XBLA score and that's interesting to find out about the people that have numbers that high because they just they play that much and a hack like this kind of takes away from the few people that you know yeah have made a name for themselves out of metagaming so yeah
So stop being a dick, basically, folks.
This is just a dick thing to do, is to unlock all the trophies that you didn't earn.
Dick.
Alright, moving on to another tweet.
The last tweet tonight, also from Tigerclaw.
A Bulletstorm demo, I guess, is going on there.
Epic Games has an upcoming first-person shooter called Bulletstorm.
I guess the Xbox Live and PlayStation Network demo is coming out on January 25th, if you want to check this out and see if this is the game for you.
DarkSakura on Twitter tweets us saying, Why are you so hot?
Outro Music
But I think you're doing a fabulous job, SalaciousPop, so you would make DarkSakura very proud.
Yeah, I want to do this last story before... All right, well, let's hurry up and get there, because we're through Twitter topics, so we got a couple more stories here.
We'll go to Loki.
Loki.
Yes, so we were talking a little bit about the 3DS and stuff and of course not all the news is great.
They're going to be first off region locking the console which is not a huge surprise because the DSi, at least the DSiWare part was actually region locked.
um, but now they've kind of gone against what they've been doing with the NDS and stuff, and they're just locking the console which, as I said before in our first story, um you're just giving the hackers another excuse to try to, you know crack your system, cause now instead of like, oh I want to install Linux on it, now they're like, well I want to play games for other regions, so I'm gonna hack this and this is gonna be my justification for doing that, so I don't know, it sucks um
It says, it looks like, for example, if you play a Korean 3DS game with a Japanese 3DS system, or vice versa, you won't be able to play it at all.
Nintendo hasn't actually responded to the comment about it.
but they haven't really said it says there's no region codes in DS and DS Lite but the DSi, DSi XL, and 3DS have region codes region codes are installed to each game and the 3DS itself you can't play if the region codes are different so that's kind of lame um region locking sucks I hate it
it's what drove me to piracy on the PS1 was wanting to play import Japanese games and I couldn't do it just being honest
Yeah, and then of course they're talking about being a little bit more consistent with their first party releases for the 3DS.
They were saying that with the Nintendo DS right now, they're not having, I don't know, I think they're doing pretty good with the titles that they have coming out.
They have about one or two titles a month from, actually Nintendo, or maybe it's like one or two titles every few months.
Um, cause I know, let's see, uh, Dragon Quest is being published by Nintendo, and then Pokemon Black and White, and then they've got, um, I guess they didn't have a first party Wii title for January, but they do have Mario Sports Mix for February.
Hmm.
Hmm.
But they're saying that they're going to be working to have a more consistent release schedule for games.
So maybe something like once a month.
And that's kind of cool.
And they're also targeting other regions as well, developing countries in addition to its current territories to bring the new console to.
So that's...
That's good for people that haven't had a lot of console games.
Maybe Brazil or South America.
I know there's some places down there that could use some new consoles.
I'm excited to hear that they might have more of a kind of constant stream of games because yeah it seemed like with the DS it was like especially right after launch like I seem to remember a lot of games didn't come out almost for like a year for the DS after the launch yeah but here's my thing though is you know are we gonna actually get new games or is this gonna be like
Oh yeah, and we're porting this.
Oh yeah, we're porting this.
And I gotta admit, okay, how sad is this, you guys?
I don't even want to admit this.
I kinda want the Nintendogs plus cats.
And I don't know why.
No.
No, I do know why.
I want the cats.
I'm not gonna buy all three versions like Loki does.
No way.
No, I'm not doing that either, because I learned my lesson the hard way.
You're not even gonna buy one version this time.
I'm not buying one.
Well, this would make a lot of people even more excited about the 3DS.
Like, I really wish they would do this, and I don't know why.
Let me explain.
Here it is.
Nintendo did an interview with Satoru Iwata called the Iwata Asks interview.
Iwata-san also wants to include 3D video in the future.
That's what Miyamoto had said.
Iwata said, quote, I think it would be fun if we were able to include video recording capabilities with future updates.
That means it's not going to be there on release, but perhaps in the future.
Um...
Why?
Why not?
Let's do it.
I mean, I realize that 3D videos, you can't watch them a whole lot of places except maybe, oh, your 3DS.
But I don't know.
I think that would be kind of cool, like in a way, being able to make your own 3D videos.
Of course, give it five seconds and there will be a porno.
Give it five seconds and there will be a porno on the 3DS.
But can you imagine if you could do like video sharing through 3DS?
Like if Nintendo was smart...
They would introduce this whole social network file sharing ability Like a portal where you could share videos with your friends That you make on the 3DS Like my trip to Disneyland They could have a 3D YouTube They could have it if they wanted it Do you realize how big that is?
With 3D being all the rage and stuff right now But they don't want it But they won't Because they are so bullheaded
If Nintendo was smart, they would make 3D YouTube before YouTube can, but they won't.
Actually, I think YouTube already has 3D YouTube.
But the thing is, the difference is, most computers yet aren't set up to do 3D.
The 3DS, it's a camera and it's the viewer all in one.
It's... But no, they won't do it.
Yes, I'm mad.
Because Nintendo just...
They're hard-headed.
That's what my dad would say.
Hard-headed.
Nintendo's hard-headed.
By the way, there was also talk about the whole StreetPass feature as used in Nintendogs plus Cats.
That was from Hideki Kono.
Quote,
That's supposed to be like when people actually meet in, you know, the park, walking their dogs and what have you.
Although, I've never given another dog walker a gift.
I don't know about you.
But anyway, that's supposed to be a feature.
But I don't know.
I hear about this shit and I go, isn't that what the DS was supposed to do?
Like, wasn't your DS supposed to have that always aware thing?
Like, what's so special about what the 3DS is doing?
Do you have to hold the 3DSs in a certain way so they can sniff each other's butts?
Is that a feature?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Okay, sorry.
Okay.
Here's what it is to answer your question there, Rob.
Remember before, you had to have a certain game in there and it would be in that mode or whatever.
So you had to have Nintendogs in your system and they had to have Nintendogs and it would detect that.
this will pick up anything regardless of what game it is so say for example I have Mario Kart and Nintendogs and someone else has Mario Kart and Nintendogs but they're playing like Street Fighter 4 or something like that it'll still tag my system with all their other crap
There's some clarifications from our chatroom at chat.orangeontradio.com.
TigerClaw is clarifying the 3D YouTube videos are the red and blue.
If you have the red and blue glasses, you can watch some 3D videos on YouTube.
Yes, they have that, but there's also the other ones, too.
They do have multiple versions of 3D.
I think there's people making self-made 3D stuff right now, but it's just very limited.
Zam in our chatroom says, Nintendo?
Smart?
That's like PS3 unhackable.
I see what you did there.
Alright, Salacious Pop, what do you have for us?
I'm not sure why you put this particular story in the news feed it's amazing because I used to work in adult entertainment and I'm sure if Jamie got this story she would just be flustered and annoyed but a company named Ddub Software is putting out a porno triple X rated indie game called Bonecraft based off of Blizzard's World of Warcraft lore where it's like inspired by but obviously it's close enough to where they can't I guess get sued
but yeah so Ddub Software who also put out games I'm trying to find Bone Town Bone Town is another game of theirs and the Tiger Woods sex game I guess plot summary somewhere in the galaxy there's Orcs and Elves this isn't a direct quote I'm just paraphrasing it because otherwise it would be too long Orcs and Elves running around Space Marines crash land on the planet and I guess there's something about Secret Elf
and I'm sure you move your mouse up and down to do the sex and I don't even know what this is.
What is this?
I don't even.
But yeah, Bonecraft, the Blizzard sort of StarCraft Warcraft genre.
Porno game.
I love that it's combining Warcraft and StarCraft together in its parody.
Yeah, so for those that want to...
D-dub software and the game is Bonecraft An actual video game and not just a porno
It kind of reminds me of 30 Rock, Season 3, when Tracy Jordan was going to quit television to make the most amazing porn computer game of all time.
I don't know if anyone watches 30 Rock.
Maybe this is it.
Yeah, this is what I'm thinking it is.
We should get the creators of this on the show.
Let's totally take them seriously and just be like, so tell us about the plot of your game.
How do you envision your hero?
Come on, you know you want it.
Episode 400, Interview with Bonecraft.
Yes or no?
What do you think?
I think we should.
That's going to be the drunk show.
What would you ask the creators of Bonecraft, Loki?
I don't know.
I'd have to learn more about their title, I guess.
Well, the title is Bonecraft.
I understand that, but what the hell's the game?
I mean, Bone Town is just some really crappy avatar game where people talk dirty to each other.
I mean, that doesn't tell me anything.
Alright, let's get to some more stories and then the mailbag and the FUs of the week are all coming right up.
I mean, seriously, what is Bonecraft?
What is it?
Alright, so, you know,
PSP2 will be unveiled this month in Tokyo at a Sony business meeting.
It has been confirmed that such a meeting is being held in Tokyo on January 27th.
This was confirmed by Sony themselves.
Of course they say they can't comment on anything at this time.
which probably means that yes they are going to be announcing it at that time so that's cool so if they announce it this year I'm assuming it will probably be coming out this year it'll probably be at E3 so I guess we'll have to wait and see when that PSP 2 is coming out that doesn't exist but does exist yeah
E3 E3 E3
I honestly think.
Because it's going to be all about where they're going to go with these newfangled things they've got on consoles.
The Kinect and the Move are here, so what's next?
Where's your killer app?
Let's see it.
I really don't think anyone's going to be announcing a new console this year.
I don't think the Wii HD is happening at a Nintendo at this point because I think they're going to really throw everything they've got into the 3DS this year.
I think that's everything you're going to be seeing.
Sony and Microsoft have no reason to give up what they're doing on their consoles right now
So, well, I guess the PSP 2 would be the one console that you're probably going to see more information about if it's not announced earlier.
As we've heard, you know, it might actually come out with Tokyo Game Developers Conference.
Who knows?
Could come out a lot sooner.
It's going to be a very interesting year.
I hopped on this generation of consoles pretty late.
I didn't get a 360, which is the first out of the two that I got, until Christmas of 08, so a little over two years.
The idea that the 360 is six years old or will be this summer, I can't wrap my head around that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They're saying the PS3 has a 10-year life cycle.
Come on.
You're full of crap.
I'm not ready to see new hardware yet.
I'm not either.
Actually, I would be a little bit pissed off if new hardware were out already.
Because it would be, oh, 3D, and you need 3D TVs for it and everything.
I don't know.
You already made me buy upgrades to the current consoles with the Kinect and the Move.
Although I didn't buy the Move, but give me reasons to really love these things.
You'll have it by this summer, I'm sure.
If there's a game to necessitate it.
There wasn't a game that necessitated me buying it.
I would even argue that maybe I shouldn't have bought the Kinect, but I do really like Dance Central and some of the other stuff, so I'm okay with it.
But I really don't have a reason to get a Move right now.
So I don't know.
And there's a lot of people out there saying, you know, DarkToagak in our chatroom says, I still don't have a 360.
Are people still calling it next-gen consoles?
Because I think we're past that, right?
Yeah, I made that mistake for about two years after it was out.
Current gen.
Next Gen, we don't know.
There is no Next Gen yet.
We'll see.
All right, well, I don't know.
One person that wants to play a little more in what's going on in the console world, it's GameStop.
They want to link you with a GameStop ID on their console.
That's because GameStop is selling more of the digital stuff in their stores.
They had an interview with Ars Technica not that long ago, and the senior vice president of GameStop, Sean Freeman, said that while the company's doing a good job of selling Microsoft Points cards...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I still never understood the reason why I would want to even do this.
Honestly, I mean, if you're going to, say, for example, buy download content from them, just buy a fucking 1600 point card or something like that.
Why are you going to give them your information for this stuff?
Even if you're not interested in purchasing a ton of download content and you have no games to trade in, why the fuck would you ever...
Leave your home, go to a store to buy something that you could just flip your console on and download straight from the marketplace and download straight to your console.
And I tell you, by the time you drove to the store and back, it would already be downloaded.
So I just don't understand why you would even waste the time to go give them money.
and you're paying tax on top of that I'm making stink face at this whole idea to have a separate layer of a GameStop ID that's just yet another account that I have to sync with my XBLA or whatever if they want to be the middle man in that another password that could possibly get exploited yeah this is a dumb idea and I don't get it
Well, I think GameStop to some extent is doing what they feel they have to do to survive.
Because I think we've said this on the show before that GameStop is going to go the way of Blockbuster Video real soon if something doesn't happen.
No, they're not.
Here's the thing.
They're not going anywhere because they're the biggest fish in the sea out there.
So was Blockbuster at one time.
No, no, no, no.
This is totally different because you see the game publisher or the movie studios, they don't need Blockbuster like they need GameStop because
Blockbuster rents movies.
They don't sell movies.
And unfortunately, they make more money in the sell-through business than they do in the rental business.
If Blockbuster was a big powerhouse in selling movies, that would be a different thing altogether.
But GameStop, they're a big powerhouse when it comes to sell-through.
And unfortunately...
They could dictate to the publishers what the fuck do they want them to do.
So they say, you know what?
We still want you to put physical copies out.
They're going to put physical copies out.
They're just trying to get into the DLC stuff because they figure, hey, we can get some more money from that because we can just pay Microsoft or whatever or a small little kickback for these things, but we get some money out of that transaction, and that's more money for us because we don't actually have to sell any physical goods.
It's digital stuff now.
so that's what that's all about I mean if they really wanted to I mean they have little cards and stuff that I guess they have made for them but that's all it's about it's not about them trying to survive it's about them being fucking greedy that's all it is they don't need to be in this business at all why are they selling well I guess I should say why are they selling PC games digitally but they are but I mean they're in no way going to be able to compete well with Steam or something it's just it's just all about them looking for more money
Looking at our comments from chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, Brad from PodCulture says, Used to work at Blockbuster back in the day, and yes, Blockbuster does sell movies, new and used.
I know that they do, but they're not like a Walmart where Walmart sells hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and thousands of movies versus Blockbuster's, oh, we're bringing in some extra for sell-through.
It's way different.
and many more.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
now everything is released at sell-through pricing and so there's really no incentive for somebody to well I mean there is an incentive for people to rent stuff because it's still cheaper but it's less of an incentive now because they can just go to the store and buy their movie new you know because before they wouldn't be able to do that so that's why it's all shifted to you know the sell-through business and that's why Blockbuster is well it's why it's Blockbuster's failing you know that and they're losing out to you know kiosk vendors and stuff like that but
DarkSakura has arrived back from her event.
Welcome back.
Hi.
You've been missed tonight.
How are you doing?
I'm pinballed out.
I played nothing but Rocky and Bullwinkle and I played Theater of Magic before we actually got there.
Steve Ritchie was there and he's really cool.
I mentioned earlier in the show you were texting me this morning that you were rubbing elbows with some famous pinball peeps.
That's pretty cool.
Did you give us an interview for the show?
No, but his wife and I talked for a long time and she's really sweet.
Oh, good.
Yeah, Dan's in there saying we probably could.
He's really cool.
I mean, I've just sat and chatted with him before at conventions.
Sure.
What tables did he work on?
He did No Fear and Black Knight, which are both ones that we have, and he did the voices in them.
Oh, right, because you're very proud of your autograph.
Hold on.
Dan, just come in here and answer the damn question.
Dan just been driving for two hours.
You was away.
You were like in the Bay Area, right?
Actually, somewhere near French Camp.
Oh, that's not down by Stockton.
Okay.
Yeah, just past Stockton.
Oh, you're going the other way.
But we rode with someone in Davis.
So that's why we gave the update from Davis.
Sure, sure.
Gotcha.
But I played a lot of Rocky and Bullwinkle.
And there was a Whirlwind and Safecracker, I think, was one of them.
And they have a really, really pretty Twilight Zone.
Like with the topper and everything.
And...
All kinds of good stuff.
Rob, would you like a chair?
Yeah, sorry for the dead air.
I'm getting hammered with chat and chairs, switcheroo and all that at once.
He hit him with a metal chair!
Boom!
No.
But it was pretty fun and then my hips started to hurt and I started to get grumpy so I sat down and got on my laptop for a little bit and had a lot of beer.
Good time.
So you've been drinking a little bit.
Three Newcastles and a Guinness.
That's not a lot.
That's nothing for you.
You should have seen me last night.
I mentioned this earlier on the show.
I was out with Rice Princess and Extifer and Grandpa Warcraft from the other show and Salacious Pop here.
We were all out and I got drunk.
Like I made an ass of myself in front of Rice Princess and Extifer.
I know, I actually will... Oh, sorry, you were muted there.
Oh, sorry.
You're so drunk that he agreed to go to Denny's for the after bar food.
I hate Denny's with a passion.
Like, I just burned out on Denny's in my early 20s, right?
Because that was the post-club place to go.
Well, keep in mind, for the rest of you guys that aren't in California, we don't really have diners here.
Like, diners are unheard of here.
There is no such thing as a Waffle House restaurant.
Which is a shame.
No mom-pa diners.
There's nothing like that.
We have Denny's.
Denny's, Denny's, Denny's, Denny's, Denny's.
Everywhere.
We had Lion's and we had Eppie's.
None of them are 24 hours anymore.
And they're gone.
Yeah, so it's Denny's.
And last night when I was drunk, I wanted chicken strips.
They sobered him right up.
Greasy chicken strips, a good hangover cure.
Well, you remember my last super drunk time that I was hanging out with you, other than the time at Tia's when they lit up in the apartment and it made me throw up, was the waffles.
The waffle incident.
It's Carby stuff, Rob.
It's the greasy Carby stuff.
All right.
I guess I should pull up the chat room.
You'd be very proud of... We've gotten through most of your news tonight already.
You'd be very proud of Salacious Pop.
He did a fine job.
He picked the classic game of the week tonight.
What was it?
King's Quest IV.
Ooh.
Which, of course, the Rosella, yeah, game, which was one of the best in the series.
Very good.
Figured since, you know, you tend to give Sega a lot of love.
Because Sega deserves my love.
Salacious Pop went to the PC market, which I thought was cool.
But we did determine today on the ride back that Sega makes crappy pinball tables.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag you guys at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and sadly there's not a lot in the mailbag tonight.
Where's my mailbag music?
Is there Viagra spam?
Because you can just read that.
Not this week.
I'll go ahead and do it since DarkSakura is still getting set up.
Do you want to be uncomfortably hard?
Well, also, a lot of it's my fault with the whole lack of podcast feed updating.
But again, a new show went up today and we'll continue throughout the three-day weekend.
I have tomorrow off, so I'm going to work on OLR stuff.
Before I forget, 71 is...
Thanks for watching!
Unfortunately, some bonehead did something really, really, really, really, really bad.
And now it's making a lot of people think differently.
And in response... Let me read the email here from Rob.
In response to Jared Lee Lauder gun attack, it appears the following article replaces video games with political rhetoric.
The article is good, even though the study mentioned is weak.
Oh yeah, they just kind of go through this study and they just replace the words video games with violent rhetoric.
And it's kind of like, gee, haven't we seen this whole thing before?
IDK.
But Rob says, My point of view, and I know I've said this before in a mailbag letter, is that a person is solely responsible for what influences him or her.
Although from what I've read of the Arizona shooting, the shooter was extremely mentally ill and without treatment.
We may be looking at a situation where the parents did not know about paranoid schizophrenia and therefore didn't get treatment for him.
Don't worry, though.
Video games are also being blamed.
Of course.
Aren't they always?
From all the 2Bs.
And it's just unfortunate, you know, in these times of tragedy, everybody's, you know, kind of pointing the finger at what there is to blame.
And I don't know...
all of it's to blame to an extent but what's most to blame is this individual an individual is responsible for their actions and it's I don't know it's just it's a not an easy situation with not an easy answer to it but you know you have to look to how to prevent this type of stuff in the future and we're all going to pay for it because you know it's not going to be it's going to make our congress people less accessible in the future it's just unfortunate
And yeah, I kind of agree with Frisbee in our chat room.
This guy is a psycho.
End of line.
Yeah, that's kind of how I feel about it.
There you go.
That's it for the emails this week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com I'm expecting this thing to be full next week.
Full with stories next week.
Loki has another news story for us and then we're going to get to the Skype line here in just a minute at OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype or our phone number 1-877-GAME-OLR
Yes, last thing I had to talk about, and this is not a surprise.
I mean, I guess this is a surprise for a Wii game.
Just Dance 2 has gone five times platinum.
That's right, it sold five million copies.
And that's not bad, considering the fact it came out at the end of October.
That's way too much, Kesha, for me.
That is insane, though, that it's done that well.
Yeah, to put this in contrast, we just had a story earlier in the show where you were saying, Hey, Dance Central's doing great.
It sold 1 million copies.
We just mentioned now Just Dance has sold 5 million copies.
It's not like Just Dance Franchise has sold 5 million copies.
It's this one game has sold 5 million copies.
That is crazy.
It is so popular.
I'm surprised that Ubisoft hasn't brought the Just Dance franchise to other consoles now.
They have the Move and the Kinect stuff.
Well, the Michael Jackson game, isn't that really just a Just Dance Michael Jackson game?
It is.
And that's coming out on the other systems.
I bet you, though, that we'll see Just Dance 3 come out on all the platforms.
Oh, I'm sure.
The move would be stupid easy to port because it's very similar.
Connect, a little different, and it's going to be hard to separate it now from Dance Central, kind of beat them to the punch a little bit on Connect.
But if Dance Central and Dance Masters can kind of coexist... And Dance Paradise.
Oh yeah, that one.
That's not out here, is it?
February.
Wow, okay.
Then I guess there'll be room for this too.
But you know what?
Then I think I've had enough dancing games.
Like, they need to kill each other off in a battle royale and one will be left standing, which will probably be Dance Central.
Get some Highlander up in this.
So for real, for real, I want to see the head chopped off of Dance Masters.
There can be only one.
Exactly.
And make it be really good and I will buy that one.
Evacuate the dance floor.
Oh, all right.
Forget it.
Moving on to one more song here.
Or sorry, song.
One more story here.
Maybe it'll have a song and dance with it.
Cooking Mama has arrived on Facebook.
That's right.
Mama will fix Facebook now.
The Cooking Mama franchise has arrived on Facebook this week.
Friends Cafe is the name of the game.
So we're going to dub it then Clicky Mama, right?
Yes, Clicky Mama.
Facebook game is click, click, click.
That's right.
Clicky Mama.
Don't worry.
Mama will click it.
You can visit the game at Facebook.com slash Cooking Mama Cafe.
It has some of the same food preparation gameplay, of course, that you're used to seeing in the series.
There's also unlockable upgrades for your personal kitchen.
Of course, you can buy them as well because it's a Facebook game.
And if you neglect your cafe, you will see it shut down.
So there you go.
If you want to see what's going on in the Cookie Mama world, you can now explore that on Facebook.
I wonder how many people will abandon Knights of the Crystals to go play Friends Cafe.
I don't know.
I just allowed it.
Oh, God.
83.
I'm level 83 in that game.
And I think Salacious Pop is actually higher than me.
Yeah, I've run out of stuff to do, really, in Knights of the Clicky.
and it's so... Heights of the Clicky is not even a good game.
I've already given up on it.
Why do I keep playing it?
Except I click on your... Rob wants help.
Yay, thank you.
I appreciate it.
That's it.
They have released new stages, quote unquote.
Like I just unlocked the Merman from doing the underwater stages.
So that's about all they do.
But for every new map that they open up, they also release one.
It only requires pay items.
Of course.
To progress in.
That's how it works.
You know what?
It's all going to shit when the Civilization game comes out.
That's how I feel.
I want that damn Civilization game now.
That's when you'll dust off your credit card for a Facebook title.
For real.
For real.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line.
It is open right now.
Oh, no, I'm just kidding.
It's not.
We've got to do the FUs of the week.
You can still... We didn't do the FUs of the week yet.
Oh.
I'm bad.
I did a bad thing.
We didn't get the angst out.
Oh, Rob, you're so... I was just distracted by you getting back to the studio.
Am I DJing so bad?
Uh, F you to my hip.
Fucker.
Done.
Salacious pop.
F you, I guess, to me not really knowing how awesome Panera Bread is up until just recently.
It's a pretty good month so far, so no angst.
F you to the fact that I have a very tough decision coming up, and I think I know what I'm going to do, and it's not going to make some people very happy with me, but in the end, I know that it's the thing I've got to do.
It has nothing to do with this program or anything you guys know about me, so it's just...
I'm being cryptical on purpose, but I don't like these tough decisions.
I think I know what it is.
Oh, you do?
Yeah.
I know you do.
So does Jamie.
Yeah.
But sorry, listeners.
It's private.
Loki.
FU to my JTAG constantly broken and it was really broken.
I actually sent it away to be reballed, which is where they pull the chips off and they put new solder balls on them and actually upleaven them how they should have been and that didn't even fix it.
So it's broke.
Alright, that's going to do it for the FUs of the week.
Let's go to the Skype line, but we're going to start the Skype line tonight with something a little special.
We're actually going to place a call right now and get him on the line here so we can get an update on what's going on with one of our partner shows.
Hi, Bresla, are you there?
What?
Huh?
Bresla, how you doing?
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Guy, hi.
What?
What?
Oh, shit.
There's a lot of shit that gets in there, honestly.
I voted on the current brackets and there's some weird shit in there.
Yeah, it's because people like SSJ100Matt say, hey, Blade of Steel number one, and then it gets a 12 seed.
So, anyways, voting for the Bresla region actually closes in about half an hour.
For the first region, it'll close, and then I'll announce the next line of games when we get into the real meat and potatoes.
Basically, Chrono Trigger comes to play.
That's all that happens.
But I have some scores here of some games I thought y'all would be interested in.
Alrighty.
So I'll start with the OLR region because it's your region.
Secret of Mana is beating Katamari Namashi right now.
It's pretty close.
Quake is losing to Half-Life.
Yes.
I'm okay with both of those.
You know, Quake and Half-Life.
Sometimes, and the weird thing about USL Madness is that sometimes the pairings are really hard early on.
And you know, that's true of any tournament-style competition, but sometimes the pairings this early on, like Quake versus Half-Life, those are both games that deserve to move on, but just the way the brackets are set up, it's not going to happen.
Yeah, and...
What else was I going to say about that?
It's like Mega Man 2 versus Mega Man 3 last year.
That was just probably one of the toughest decisions I had to make.
But at the same time, at that point, there really only needed to be one Mega Man game that represents them all, you know?
yeah but moving on the last one and this is a Bimani one so I had to throw it in there Parapara Paradise is narrowly losing to Sinistar right now that is such a weird matchup yeah I don't know how that works you know what though as much as I love my dancey games I don't think Parapara is the dancey game I would choose to represent sorry Misty I know you're going to hate me for that but Sinistar did bring us the whole beware I live which is pretty awesome
But moving on to the Harper region, WoW is barely beating Bionic Commando.
It's by like a vote.
Wow.
Yeah, exactly.
Pong is beating System Shock in probably the most bizarre first round matchup and it's beating it pretty soundly.
Here's a head scratcher.
Kingdom Hearts is beating Arkham Asylum.
Interesting.
Well, knowing the listeners of this show that mostly prefer the import stuff, I mean, if I were to say the majority of the listeners, not all of them, but I know the majority of our folks are kind of into the Squeenix import stuff, that doesn't surprise me.
I can't speak for USL, but I know we have a lot of the same listeners, so it wouldn't surprise me.
As it doesn't need to be.
Looking good for it.
And speaking of Blades of Steel, it's losing to Dragon Quest IX right now pretty badly.
Ouch.
Moving on to the wrestler region.
I'm also not saying all of these games because it would be 32 matchups.
We'd be here forever and Rob, Jamie, and Loki have things to do tonight.
Where can you kind of like follow the action on what's going on at USL Madness?
I haven't been posting the results, but time and again I will every day post like, oh hey, this matchup's close, or this region needs votes.
The OLR region really needs votes right now.
And then I'm going to finally go to the wrestler region here.
Final Fantasy X is just barely beating Crazy Taxi.
Borderlands is beating the ever-loving snot out of the Call of Duty series.
Which
Yeah, that one was like, that could go either way, but I wouldn't be upset if Borderlands won.
And then here's probably the most interesting one.
Tecmo Super Bowl is losing to Halo Reach by about 10% right now.
No, that is not even the Halo game that should be representing the Halo franchise, I'm sorry.
Halo 2, all the way.
If it was Halo 2 beating it, then I'd be a little more sympathetic, but Halo Reach, no.
No.
Yeah, but those are just some of the matchups.
If you want to vote, I will post the link again in chat.
If you're listening live, the Breslau region closes in 20 minutes.
So you better vote now, bitches.
Yeah, Donovan region will close Monday night, Harper region will close Wednesday night, and since I was late on OLR, OLR region will close Friday night.
All right, and you'll be posting all the updates in our forums at orangelaunchradio.com, correct?
Yes, and probably here before you guys sign off, I will have the results of the Breastler region so you see what games go on and what faces what.
Alright, sounds good.
Thank you for putting this all together.
It's a little fun, nerd stuff, but fun.
Yeah, and I gotta ask before I go, who do you got this year?
Who do you think's gonna win?
Who do I think's gonna win this year?
Duh, Super Metroid.
It needs to reclaim the throne, of course.
I wouldn't be upset if Final Fantasy VI won.
For a game that... Because Final Fantasy VI has never won before, right?
No, it got to the finals for the first time last year.
I would be okay with that.
What other games have gotten really close but haven't won yet?
Um...
Link to the Past, Ocarina of Time, Super Mario Bros.
and Mega Man 2 all have gotten really close.
I would be okay with any of those winning the whole thing except for Ocarina of Time.
Ocarina of Time is just like Chrono Trigger to me.
I don't understand everybody's heart on for it.
Link to the Past forever.
Yeah.
But anyways, guys, that's it.
I will talk to you guys probably next week here, and y'all have a good night.
All right, you too, Brest Lowell.
Have a good one, and good luck with USL.
And keep Donovan and Jessica Harper in check for us.
I'll try.
All right.
Later.
Later.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, the Skype line is now open for everyone.
Yay!
1-877-GAME-OLR.
or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go right to the phones because they've been ringing while we were on that last call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
We're off to a great start tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
This is Kaijudo.
Hey, Kaijudo.
There you are.
What's up, buddy?
Not much.
I just called to recommend a game to you guys.
Please do.
What game?
It's a PC game.
It's a first-person shooter.
I heard you all talking about you were fans of the original GoldenEye for the N64.
The original GoldenEye was pretty badass.
I liked it.
Alright, well then you need to pick up this mod.
You need Steam, of course.
You need either Half-Life 2.
I'm not going to get into all of the games, but you know what I'm saying when I say you need a Valve game.
You need Half-Life 2 or Portal or Team Fortress.
You know, one of those.
Actually, is it Team Fortress?
I'm not sure.
Just get Half-Life 2 Deathmatch, which is just $4.99.
You get that and then you can download this GoldenEye Source mod, which is the best freaking game, period, that I've ever played.
I think you all need to check it out.
Interesting.
You're a big Half-Life fan.
I am hugely into Half-Life 2 and the Source Half-Life 2 engine.
I've played a ton of mods and add-ons, expansions that are fan-made for Half-Life 2 and I know exactly what he's talking about.
I haven't checked it out, but yeah, I will now.
I've heard of this.
It looks pretty awesome.
They just went out of beta.
Maybe people have played it before.
I guess it was version 2, version 3, and
Maybe they didn't like it, but this new update, the release version, oh my god, it'll blow you away.
The maps are just incredible.
The best first-person shooter maps you'll ever play, and a first-person shooter to date.
And I mean that.
Like, I'll ban myself from all games if you guys don't like that game.
You don't have to do that.
Everybody has different opinions.
I'll check it out, especially if it's kind of cheap.
I think I already have Half-Life 2.
I can't remember if I have it on PC.
I think I've been playing it on Xbox.
But I have Portal and Team Fortress.
Portal should be enough by itself.
Any game that uses the source SDK in the Half-Life 2 family will let you run this add-on.
So Portal should do it.
I guess I'll have to check that out, and we'll see if this guy gets banned from all games forever.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Me mishearing you for a second, Rob.
No, I mean it, though.
I'm serious about this.
You really need to check that game out.
I think these guys need to be supported.
I think they spent about five years making this mod, and it really shows.
I mean, the maps are just... I mean, they have the original maps from the N64 game, and then they built their own maps, and you're just like...
How the heck can they do all this?
It's just really great.
His hair, of course, his hair.
Breakfast Club Frag Edition.
Yeah.
I mean, you've got your different classes, your cliques, and they're a different class.
The cheerleader is athletic and can kick people in the face and has the booby attack.
Nice.
And then there's the football player who's really big and stupid.
Yeah, I played the Wii version first, and then when I got on GoldenEye Source, I mean, it totally...
Dwarf, the Wii's version, the online part of it.
I mean, they don't have a story version, and I do like the Wii's story version of GoldenEye, but multiplayer, there's nothing like it.
You really need to check it out.
When I last heard of this GoldenEye mod specifically, it was still in alpha, and this was months and months ago, which is why I never checked it out, but the one Half-Life 2 mod I really need to come out this year is Black Mesa, the Half-Life 1 remake.
that's been vaporware for six years and now that this GoldenEye is actually in beta and going to have a release version soon this needs to light the fire under the butt of those that are working on Black Mesa Source I need it to happen well unfortunately we lost the caller there I don't know if he accidentally hung up on us or if there was a connection issue I swear I didn't click a button to hang up on him
But, Kaijudo, thank you so much for the call and we will definitely check out that game in the future.
So, our Skype line is back open again.
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
1-877-GAME-OLR is our phone number.
You can give us a call.
I'll just throw over to Loki real quick if you have any last minute stories you want to throw out there.
I don't know.
Just real quick.
Arcade Infinity is not closing after all.
That's right.
There's a story about that on our very own website.
And, yeah, they still had a big party this weekend, though, just to kind of celebrate.
So many people were wanting to go out anyway, so...
Hey Brad, I haven't heard from you in a long time, how are you doing buddy?
Short, fat, and going bald.
Sounds like me.
Well, what's new in your world besides fat?
DC Universe Online.
Ah, of course.
There's a lot of nerds very happy that this is out this week.
What do you think?
Oh, I'm loving it.
It's still got its issues, like any of those kind of games at launch.
But I am really digging it because I am a huge comic book nerd.
PS3 or a PC?
PS3.
Really?
The way the controls feel, it actually feels like it's made for a console.
you're actually right in that regard I think because even when I was playing it on the PC I plugged in the Xbox 360 controller which is a little weird because the game wasn't made for that but it works and what's really interesting too is that when you do plug in the joystick all the little button symbols change to the PlayStation X's and O's which is weird if you're using a 360 controller but if you've been gaming long enough you know where those buttons are by you know feel so you can figure it out so cool were you playing a hero or a villain
Right now playing a hero.
And how's that going?
What level are you?
I am about back up to where I was with the beta.
I think I'm level 12 or 13.
It was a little bit of an ordeal to get my game.
Amazon screwed up the shipment.
Do you notice there's a lot of people in that right now?
I'm getting knocked off every once in a while.
Really?
Yeah, having some connection issues.
I don't know if it's my end here or just that everybody happens to be on the Crysis server or not.
How much patching did you have to do that first day?
Oh, the first day I had about 11 gig download.
Oh my gosh.
11 gigs?
It seemed like it.
It took a long time.
That is crazy.
Wow.
Well, how is it playing an MMO on the PS3?
Do you think MMOs can work on the PS3 now that this, you know, big... Because I think this is kind of the first one.
No, it was APB, I guess.
But this is really, you know, one of the first big ones.
I guess it's out.
If they can make it this kind of a control scheme, it could probably work.
It's pretty nice.
Are you able to talk to other people okay, or do you kind of not need to do that in your experiences with DC Universe Online?
Like, do you use a keyboard?
You can.
I went out and got the keypad for the PS3 controller, but...
Apparently you can do some chat, but it's a little weird to get it set up and working right.
You can just use your Bluetooth headset.
Do you find that the text, you can actually read it?
Because one of the complaints I've heard about the PS3 version is that the text is very small on HDTV.
It is a little small, but I've got a...
Thanks for watching!
I mean, if you like City of Heroes, that kind of stuff, it's definitely worth checking out.
All right.
I think I might have to check this out, but gosh, games are so expensive these days.
And I already have one MMO I'm subscribed to.
I don't need $30 a month to play MMOs.
Yeah, but you can get a good one now.
Nice.
I see what you did there.
All right, well, Brad, we've got to let you go, but do you have any other thoughts for us?
Nope, nope.
Just keep on doing what you're doing, and we'll keep listening.
All right, thank you so much.
And check out Brad's show.
It's PodCulture, available at podculture.net.
Am I right?
Podculture.net and soon-to-be podculture.com, because we are switching over to a new host.
We're going to be an indie show again.
Nice.
All right.
Well, welcome to the indie realm, I suppose.
And you can, of course, always look him up on iTunes, which is kind of the king of podcasts there.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Later, guys.
Later.
It's good to hear from Brad.
It's been a very long time we've heard from Brad.
So glad to hear he's back in the gaming with whatever brought him back there.
We can probably do at least one more call here.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll get to at least about one more call here before we wrap it up.
Any other last minute stories?
I'm sure I do have some.
Let's see here.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Going out, getting boxes, packing up my Nintendo games, calling them, getting the prices, packing it up, sending to them, waiting about a week and a half, getting some brand new Nintendo games and playing them for hours upon hours.
Oh yeah, that's how I got my copy of Ultima 3 Exodus on the NES was through Funkoland.
I remember playing Renegade a long time ago and I remembered that game sometime later and I started getting my hands on that and I believe Dragon Warrior 3.
That was my thing because it got to the point where I couldn't afford to get all the games I wanted.
So I figured I had all these stacks of games.
Might as well do something with it.
And then I find out there's a Funko Land.
And then during my junior high and high school years, that was my hangout spot.
I would go there all the time.
I met a lot of friends and stuff like that.
And then...
eventually I stopped going because half the managers got sent to different stores and the newer managers are assholes so I was like there's no point in going and then one day I just happened to roll in there and I go to the front counter and I'm like can I get a price sheet and they're like oh we don't do price sheets anymore and you have to go to the back of the line and I turn around I see this long line of people and I said the hell with this and I walked out
So is there a GameStop where that Funkoland used to sit?
Yeah, it really is.
And where I used to live, one of my best friends from high school, he finally told me about six months or so ago, they finally turned the software and our old shopping center into a Funkoland.
Wow.
Yeah.
I didn't think it would take like 15 years for him to change the logo on the front.
Yeah, you know, there's a store in, where was it that we were at?
It was Oregon, and we were in what?
It was Software Etc.
Was it Ashland?
No, Medford.
Yeah.
Is the city right north of Ashland, right?
And when we went inside, it was a GameStop.
It was just a GameStop.
But they had the white neon Software Etc., and it was like it was 1993 again.
I know, and I had to buy a game there, because I'm like, dude, it's Software Etc., I gotta buy a game here.
But even the receipt on it said GameStop.
I wouldn't bother because I'm anti-GameStop in the first place.
You're anti the man.
Stick it to the man.
Yes.
I'll say it once, I'll say it again.
Fuck GameStop.
Alright.
Well, on that note, we're gonna let you go, buddy.
Cool.
But have a good one.
You too.
Alright.
Reminiscing about the good old days with DJ Ranma S. Any other last minute stories, Loki?
Yeah, a couple things.
This is actually kind of funny.
Earth Defense Force 2, the new one that's coming out on PSP, they're actually selling it in a two-pack in Japan.
It's a double enlistment pack.
It contains two UMD copies of the game in their full packaging, bundled together for 6,279 yen versus...
and DarkSakura.
Hi Bobby, how are you?
I'm doing good.
You guys have a good show tonight.
Yeah, I'm having a good time.
I hope you've had a good time listening.
And I know you always have us on at the end of your show, so I'm always happy when you're able to get in amongst the Skype madness and be on the end of our show.
That's right.
I want everybody to vote against Poppin' and Parapara and DDR, which got a buy.
How did that even get in there?
Because too many people put it up towards the top of their list.
You have to remember, our station started as a museum, so a lot of the people... And bless them for sticking with us through all these years, the thick and thin and some of the tough decisions we've made, but we do have a lot of fans of that.
And obviously, USL has their listenership as well, but I know a lot of it is crossover.
Yeah.
The show, in some ways, was a spin-off of USL, so we have many listeners from back in that day.
And I'm going to say that, you know, I'm like you.
I wouldn't be mad if Final Fantasy VI won, as long as Super Metroid doesn't win.
Oh, hater.
Why are you hating?
Why are you hating on Super Metroid?
Because it sucks.
It does not suck.
It's the most amazing video game ever made.
Why are you hating on Super Metroid?
Because Super Metroid mimics a vacuum.
It sucks.
Is it sad that I actually had to stop and think about that one for it?
I'm like, you don't play in a vacuum.
What are you talking about?
Oh, you Bobby.
Curse you, Bobby.
Bobby, you just launched a new website for your show, right?
I did.
BobbyBlackWolf.com and the podcast is back.
I know.
Your podcast feed is more up to date than ours, but that will all change this week.
Here's the thing.
My episode from tonight already on the podcast feed.
Wow.
Amazing.
That hasn't happened in three years.
Good gosh.
You need to cancel doing second shows more often or something.
Exactly.
And I reviewed the Telltale game Back to the Future on my show, so people can go check that out.
I guess we have to go check it out to see what you really think.
But I was going to say, and I forgot to mention this on the call earlier, I'm really looking forward to the Jurassic Park game.
I don't know why, but I think it's because I liked the books when I was younger, and I remember seeing the original movies, except three.
Who bothered with three?
But I'm kind of excited to revisit those, because it's been a long time since those movies were out, and that whole stuff was big.
They never did make a fourth movie.
I don't know if they're ever going to, but it would be kind of fun to revisit that world, I think.
Yeah, and one of the things is when Heavy Rain came out, I even said I would love to play a Telltale game like Sam & Max using the Heavy Rain style of controls.
And now that's what they're going to be doing for Jurassic Park is doing more Heavy Rain type stuff than just point and click adventures.
And hopefully if it works for Jurassic Park, they'll do that in Sam & Max and probably add some of that.
Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason
DDR.
Vote against it next week.
He'll deal with it.
Every gamer has a voice, even when they're wrong, like you are.
All I gotta say is the next, was it Poker Night at the Inventory or whatever?
It's gonna be awesome.
With, you know, was it Christopher Lloyd and a T-Rex?
And a Velociraptor.
I'm all Jason.
All right.
Bobby, thanks so much for your call.
Take care.
Thank you.
Later.
Bobby Blackwolf, the man who does the show before us.
You go all in on the next Poker Night at the Inventory and the Velociraptor.
He's so pissed.
He just eats Strong Bad violently, gruesomely.
It's great.
Snaps him in half.
All right.
Any other last minute stories before we wrap up the show tonight?
Yeah, a few.
Minecraft has sold a million copies, which is pretty awesome.
Grats.
They have a new update for that as well that adds... I still haven't played it.
Am I a bad gamer?
I haven't really played it either.
I'm a bad gamer.
I downloaded it.
I thought I haven't played it.
Let's see.
They added some new recipes including squids and cake.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's see what else.
Remedy is bringing Death Rally for the iPhone.
Death Rally you may remember as an old Apogee game back from 1996.
Kind of a top-down combat racing game, which is kind of cool.
And then, speaking of iOS, the iPad has a bunch of ridiculous peripherals that were being shown off at CES.
And, of course, one of these is the iCade, which transforms your iPad into an arcade.
You can get that at ThinkGeek for $100.
Or, if you don't want to spend $100, but you still want some sort of tactile controller, they have a stick-on...
Joystick actually for $25 and it just sticks onto your iPad.
Maybe Apple should release one.
I think they should.
Honestly, I think they should have something that the iPhone or whatever plugs into or hell, if they wanted to do Bluetooth support for controllers or something, that'd be awesome.
It's what the people want.
Now that Verizon has their iPhone, they're just going to sell even more of them.
And it's just like if they were to release just a little controller that plugs into the bottom of those phones, I tell you, it's over.
Yeah.
Is that it?
That's it.
so please help us spread the word about our show leave us a nice review on iTunes we could always use those we haven't had any five star reviews in a while so if you have an iTunes account please consider leaving us one there and you know just tell a friend or two about the show we would really really appreciate it we can't finish up the show though until we go around and get everybody's final thought so Salacious Pop I'll start with you thank you for filling in tonight stepping up to the plate I know you didn't get a lot of notice on that so I appreciate you doing that for us my pleasure and do you have a final thought for us tonight
No, I'm good.
Vietnamese noodles after this.
Yay.
And we had blood orange pinkberry.
Blood orange pinkberry is the best thing ever.
So good.
That is my final thought.
Blood orange pinkberry.
If you have a pinkberry anywhere near you, you must go have the blood orange pinkberry.
I've never had better yogurt in my life.
It is great.
They need to keep that as a permanent flavor.
If they get rid of that, I'm going to be pissed.
Yeah.
I'm excited about food again.
Uber noms.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
I had a lot of beer today.
Congratulations.
And Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is this Aliens game looks weird.
Oh, that whole square one that was designed back in the day?
It looks like, I don't know, like a side-scrolling Metal Gear or something kind of interesting.
Alright, that's going to do it.
Thank you guys again.
We'll see you next week.
We're back here to do it all again next week, and we hope you'll join us live at allgames.com at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Of course, you can always stay tuned on our podcast feed, which, yes, will be updated.
And I'm sorry I was so naughty.
So thank you for...
Thank you for still standing by us.
We love you.
Good night.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
