Today, January 9th, 2011, a popular PC game prepares for release on Xbox Live.
More details come out about the next Elder Scrolls game, and EA prepares to disconnect
the servers for several old games.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
We do tape live at All Games Radio every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern
ish right after the Bobby Black Wolf show wraps up.
We really like Bobby because he always has us on our show and does this nice little transition.
Tonight, we were talking about light-up cereal boxes, but before we get to yummy delicious
electrical cereal, let me introduce the cast and crew here at Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always is the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie
Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm hungry.
What would you prefer, electric Trix or electric Honey Nut Cheerios?
Neither.
Why?
Because I hate both of them.
Well, what electric cereal would you like?
Frosted mini-wheats.
Grape nuts.
I do adore grape nuts, but I'd have to say my favorite cereal of all time is frosted
mini-wheats.
I'll get to my favorite cereal in a minute, and yes, we'll talk about games too, but say
hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
I'm finishing my last piece of honey barbecue chicken.
What was your favorite cereal growing up, honey barbecue chicken nuggets?
Hell no.
Actually, you know, it's kind of funny.
I like both extremes of cereal.
Like, really bad for me cereal and really good for me cereal.
It's weird.
Like, I used to, and I still do, like Special K. Yes, the chick cereal.
It does not...
I forgot about that.
That's one of the greatest moments of this show's history was when it came out that you
enjoyed Special K.
It's pretty good, actually.
Cereal for women.
It's not bad.
You know, Special K, I actually, long time ago, I used to like Total and Product 19.
You know what got me hooked on that stuff is, you know how they used to give you, like,
when you buy the camping packs of the little cereals and stuff like that, and you'd be
left, after you eat all the good ones, you're left with, like, okay, Special K and stuff.
And they're not bad.
I mean, so it kind of got me hooked on that.
But on the other side of the spectrum, and I go through about a box of this a week, Cap'n
Crunch.
Really?
The one that is always last in the package for me is Lucky Charms.
I hate Lucky Charms.
And well, Cinnamon Toes Crunch, but here's the thing about Cinnamon Toes Crunch, I hate
it with milk.
So I have to eat it dry, and it's just really, because all the cinnamon falls off.
I don't like cereal with milk at all.
I eat all my cereal dry.
Like I know that's really weird to some people, but that's how I do it.
You know, the other one is really addicting?
Was it Golden Grahams?
I can't stop eating that stuff.
Now, you can't have a video game show and talk about cereal without bringing up Nintendo
cereal.
Did anyone ever try that when they were younger?
I liked it.
I thought it was hideous.
Really?
I didn't mind it.
I thought it was pretty good.
I didn't like kid cereals.
I hated marshmallows.
I still hate marshmallows.
Nintendo cereal was closest probably to Froot Loops, because I still remember it was more
like fruity and sugary.
I think that would be the taste it was close to.
See, Froot Loops weren't really big on my plate either.
I mean, they were okay.
I just, I didn't like- I don't remember Nintendo cereal having marshmallows.
I don't think it did.
Let's break into the shredded wheat.
I would say my favorite breakfast cereal of all time, and this might surprise some people,
is Crispix.
Oh, Crispix is good.
That's the one that's-
I fucking love Crispix.
That's like half rice on one side, half corn on the other.
Oh, that stuff's good.
And gluten-free.
I don't know what it is.
It's amazing.
It's my favorite cereal.
It's not even a sugar candy cereal.
Damn, I need to get a box of that.
It's so good.
It's the texture.
Like, I can't- it's so gross, but it's the truth.
Like, I love putting Crispix and then, like, using my tongue to smash it to little bits.
I'm like, haha, and then eat it.
I used to do that, too.
Everybody does it, just no one talks about it.
And then I would eat one half of one side, and then eat the other half.
It's like eating an Oreo with no cream filling.
It's with milk filling.
I remember when they first brought Crispix out.
I mean, that was something that came out later on in my life.
Dark Tetsuya in our chat room.
Of course, we have to introduce the chat room.
We love the chatters.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Tetsuya wants to know, are there any cereal podcasts out there?
I don't know, but maybe we need to start one.
We'll have to look for one.
I don't know.
And many folks in our chat room agree- Yes, there's one called the Ethereal Cereal
Podcast.
Shut up.
Really?
I just found it.
Is it really about breakfast cereal?
That's what I'm going to find out.
Or maybe it's just a funny name.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, we will talk plenty more about breakfast cereal.
There's one called Get Cereal.
Food and everything.
But we have to talk about our gaming weeks.
We've got to bring it back to video games.
It is a new year.
It's 2011.
It's kind of a tiny, tiny lull in new games right now, because everyone I think is catching
up from last year's games.
But things are going to hit the ground fast.
Little Big Planet 2, I believe, is this week.
And that's just going to be the first in several huge, huge releases.
Oh, next week.
Loki's correcting me.
I knew it was January, mid, somewhere.
But very soon, that's going to come out, and that's kind of the first of several bing-bing-bing
big stuff coming out.
DC Universes this week.
Oh, yeah.
DC Universes this week.
Thank you, Loki.
So I'm going to be quitting World of Warcraft.
When I played the beta on PC, I had a good time with it.
So I never did get around to playing the PS3 one, and they pulled the plug on it.
So I'm torn.
I don't know if I really want to get into DC Universe or not.
But anyway, I guess we can talk about that later.
Let's talk about what's going on right now in your gaming week.
Dark Sakura, start us off.
I hit level 63 right before the show.
I just can't believe this.
You hated World of Warcraft three weeks ago.
They changed it.
You know what's funny?
The podcast is behind right now, and I totally apologize.
That's my fault.
I've just been, you know, slacking, whatever.
But if you go listen to the last show on the feed right now, I'm pretty sure you were still
hating on World of Warcraft and Razami for playing it.
So podcaster-only people have no idea that you have now leveled to 63.
Not last week, because last week was after I got back from Washington.
No, the last show on the archives was-
Oh, on the archives, yeah, yeah, no.
Well, they changed enough in it that I was like, okay, I gotta give it a try.
Because you know me, I'm not gonna bitch about something without having tried it myself.
Good.
I think that's a good thing to do.
I mean, and besides that, I just like fucking with you guys, you know?
No, I know, I know.
It's just like I mess with you for some of the things you like, but secretly it's all
right.
It's fine.
Which for the record, I haven't touched Second Life since the last time I said I haven't
touched Second Life.
And for the record, Grape Nuts aren't so bad.
They're actually pretty good.
Grape Nuts are great.
They're great!
Anyway.
I, on the other hand, think Grape Nuts are nasty, and you really shouldn't touch Second
Life ever.
Some things never change on this program.
So anyway, anyway, um, I, well, okay, I know last week, live, I, you know, mentioned that
I had really hurt my lower back, my, it was technically my right hip.
Really bad.
Although it's more funny to say I sprained my butt, because really it's-
You broke your butt, ugh!
But, um, I've been seeing my chiropractor, like, I have one more appointment to go to,
and it still hurts, but it's not nearly as the debilitating pain I was in before.
So like, all I could do is just sit here, on an ice pack, and play World of Warcraft,
because what else was there for me to do?
I've done everything in Star Trek Online, and I still love Star Trek Online so much,
but all I was doing was freaking playing Dabo.
And there's only so much gambling one can do.
I really like this point in our chat room here from Salacious Pop.
In my opinion, this just proves that Blizzard properly redid the experience in Cata, which
was the point.
1-60 was still from 2004 and shitty.
If Jamie likes it now, then they really gave it an overhaul.
Yeah.
Well, and now Dan was like, oh, they dumbed it down for people so that people can, you
know, have a more rewarding experience, and blah blah blah.
And I was like, you know, when I first, when I first started playing, this was, you know,
when I got Burning Crusade.
When it was new.
It was like, okay, I've done everything, I'm not going anywhere.
I've done all this, I'm not going anywhere.
Fucking boring.
Same gameplay over and over and over and over and nothing interesting.
And I think that's a big part of the change too.
I don't want to go too far into this, because again, we have the Separate Warcraft show
now that, you know, because we talk too much about it on this show, but it's important
because where Warcraft goes, like it or not, it is the biggest MMO right now.
The rest of the industry will follow, you know, with some exceptions, which we'll get
into even later in the show.
But my point, in Old Vanilla WoW, a lot of the quests were fetch me animal pelts, kill
X number of monsters.
And they still have a lot of that.
And there is a lot of that, but they've also mixed in a lot of more interesting technology
from the newer expansions, like vehicle stuff from Rapid Listing.
Use this item to scrape tar off this creature's ass.
Yes, things like that.
You know what I'm talking about too, don't you?
Uh, no one, because I haven't done that quest, but did you get to dig through the poop for
the key?
No.
That quest I did.
I did see the one.
Okay, now Tiara showed me this one.
It was where you go to, um, oh crap, what's the, not the Outlands, but the place where
everything's red.
It has the big scar.
Barrens?
Badlands.
Okay.
Oh.
And, because keep in mind, I'm still learning what everything's called, so.
And um, and you run into a gnome, a dwarf, and uh, uh, something else.
A pizza place?
No.
And they, no they don't.
I see what you did there.
And it's not a setup for a bad joke, but it's like, the dwarf is like, I went up to Death
Winger and I punched him in the face!
I was watching this video of this guy playing through it and he was doing all the voices
and everything, and I was like, this is the funniest shit I've ever seen.
And then the gnome was like, oh yeah, well I shrunk the world and looked for him in the
clouds, and then I threw him on that other continent, so nah.
And then the last one's like, I got on my motorcycle and picked up some hot babes, and
we had a tender moment.
Oh, that's the one where one of the hot babes is a blood elf male.
Yeah.
I remember that, yeah.
Alright, I've seen that.
Yeah.
Good times.
Um, but it was, it was just, but basically they were all telling tall tales and it was
really funny.
It was cute.
What I like is that there's a lot more comedy thrown in there.
It's like the quest to have the names that make me laugh my ass off.
And I'm still pissed off at that stupid dragon for setting the world on fire and not setting
me on fire.
Stupid fucking dragon.
You were, you were online with me for this.
I was.
And you're like, I'm standing in the fire and not dying.
What is wrong?
I took a screen capture of me in the fire not dying.
I wanted the damn achievement.
And then I got, I got achievements that you don't have.
Whatever.
Thanks to X-Link.
No one, Ker.
Alright.
What else besides wow have you been playing?
Well, also thank you for the thing that you sort of were in on.
You're welcome.
I got 800 gold.
I'm gonna go buy me a bird.
Um, no, I was playing other stuff, um, though it was really solitaire.
And Mushihime Sama!
Cause that game is crack.
I tell you, Cave fans, if you want a little fun, uh, it's still bullet hell.
It's just bullet hell with running.
And like, you target stuff and then you let your things fall but you still have to avoid
the bullet.
It's, it's bullet hell.
It's bullet hell on feet.
Well hell.
It's great.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
Um, I played a few different things this week.
Um, I played The Flying Hamster, which is pretty awesome.
It was a game that was a PSP mini at one point and I just brought it over to the iOS platform
and it's a kind of a shooter game where you play a chibi flying hamster who has to save
his hamster girlfriend or something like that and it's a shooter and it's really hard actually
but it's all chibi and it's kind of cool.
So I played that.
And then, uh, more Sword and Poker 2.
I'm actually almost done with that game.
I'm in the last dungeon and I'm maybe six floors in, so that's pretty cool.
Um, what else did I play?
I think I played a little bit more, uh, Cannibalt, which is fun.
Um, what else?
Oh yeah.
And then more Grand Theft Auto, but finally after working on it for six months we got
our new modded games running again and I tell you that first game is the most fun I've had
playing Grand Theft Auto in six months.
It's just so incredibly different because the last, just the normal prank games that
we play and stuff, I'm very concerned about winning and a lot of time my co-workers, I
should say almost all the time, my co-workers aren't having as much fun as they could be
having because I usually am kicking the crap out of them.
Um, whereas the mod games, everybody has fun and it's just so over the top, like I was
hysterically laughing throughout the whole game because just all this crazy shit was
happening and it was just, it was awesome.
So I'm looking forward to playing more of that.
This time though we hot swapped all of our drives so we don't get banned, or so our consoles
don't get banned this time.
I'm pretty fast at it now, I can hot swap a console in about 15 minutes, it's like field
stripping a gun or something.
It's pretty quick, um, so yeah I played that and then um, actually looking forward to playing
some new games soon, hopefully, well I'm going to pick up a little big planet.
I have the collector's edition on order because I want those bookends and the little stuffed
plush sack boy for my desk and then um, actually that's probably going to be the new thing
I'm going to play for a while.
I am going to actually finally update my console now that certain hacks have come out that
allow custom firmwares and whatnot, so, on any firmware console, yeah.
You want to get Linux on your good ol' PS3 again, huh?
I don't really want even Linux and here's the thing is I had the opportunity to actually
you know, mod my console to where I could pirate games on it, but I just didn't want
to pirate games on the PS3 and that's saying something.
And it's not a good something.
Alright, uh, let's see, moving on to my gaming week.
Sadly I don't have a lot of new new stuff to report.
It's uh, I haven't had a lot of money to buy a lot of extra games lately so it's mostly
the same stuff I was talking about last week with Fallout 3 and continuing on White Knight
Chronicles a little more, although I have to admit the online stuff still doesn't make
sense to me, but whatever, at least my internet is somewhat cooperating so I can keep a connection
to PlayStation Network now.
So that's nice.
So I guess I'll dip in a little bit and talk about some iPhone games that I've checked
out recently.
One of them that I think you guys would like, and this was something that somebody had shouted
out to me on Twitter and I so apologize because I forgot who sent this to me on Twitter, but
it's a game called VGMC or Video Game Music Challenge and it's free on the App Store and
all it is is it plays like theme songs from old school video games and you're given options
on the screen and you have to guess what the song is.
For example, want to play along guys?
Let's see how well you guys do.
So I'm in the menu of Video Game Music Challenge right now and let's see how well you guys
do.
Here's the first one.
Ready?
Anyone?
Anyone know this one?
This one's hard.
I'm going to try Paperboy.
Correct.
Here's another one.
Mario 3, right?
Yeah.
So that probably doesn't pick up on the speaker.
It's all kind of middied.
A little bit.
Yeah.
It's not like the original, original stuff, but it's all middied.
But hey, it was free.
So I think that's kind of cool.
I did play that too.
I forgot.
Did you?
Yes.
Yeah.
I played a little bit of Cut the Rope, the holiday edition, which is this really popular
iPhone game.
It's Cut the Rope.
But I'm cheap and I like to have a lot of the free demos before I buy games and so they
have this holiday edition that's free.
And it's basically a puzzle game.
But the cutest thing about it, and I think everyone would agree, would be the little
monster character that you're trying to feed the candy to, Om Nom Nom, is adorable.
And you have to like feed him the candy by choosing which ropes to cut.
And it's kind of like a gravity physics puzzler type of thing.
So it's fun.
I like that.
Tap Tap Revenge 4 is also out on the iTunes store.
That's one of those like you tap along to songs.
I'm going to admit, I used to like Tap Tap Revenge.
I don't like it anymore.
I think it really has become something, it's outgrown what it was.
In the first couple versions it was cool, but now it's all commercialized and it's about
selling the music.
And the interface is impossible to navigate because they're trying to push all these add-on
songs for money and it's like it's too hard to just get in there and like play a game.
The interface is shit.
I'm sorry, I don't have a nice way of saying it.
Like they have just destroyed the game because they're trying too hard to build this music
store around it.
And I don't need all this, I don't really like all this other bullshit like Open Faint
and I don't even like Game Center and some of this other stuff.
Like I really wish there was just one for all of it.
And to be honest, as much as I like Open Faint and what it's trying to do, we need one standard
across all the iPhone games.
And I think Apple ought to just step in and say, it's Game Center and get the fuck out.
We're going to stop approving your apps if it has any other shit in it.
Like I know that's like a terrible thing to say because Game Center is like the worst
of all of them, but maybe they can work with the Open Faint people, I don't know.
But I think it's ridiculous that you have like all these different games and they have
all these different adults.
They should just buy and absorb Open Faint.
Or something, I don't know.
So there's a lot of people that are going to really hate that I said that, but it's
just annoying.
I'm kind of, I kind of don't like either of them though.
I hate all these freaking pop-ups when I start games, sign up for Open Faint, sign up for
this network.
Mine's like...
No!
I have an iPhone so I don't have to play with other people.
You know?
Yeah.
So...
Hey, let your friends on Twitter and Facebook know that you're playing an Open Faint game.
I will post on Facebook if I want them to know I'm playing this game.
Like, it's getting to be too much.
I want a Facebook update every time I score a point.
No.
No, no, no.
And then, believe it or not, I downloaded Smurf Village on the iPhone.
It's stupid.
It's a Facebook game.
If you like those Facebook grindy games, then have fun.
I prefer Knights of the Clicky on Facebook, which, by the way, I got Xtiver to play, or
he played it, I don't know, because he heard one of us talking about it, and he said it
was the worst thing he'd ever played in his life.
Because Knights of the Crystal...
There really is no point in Knights of the Crystal.
It's Mafia Wars with Final Fantasy characters.
I pretty much stopped playing it.
I mean, I'm playing it some, like when I remember to, but when I was in Washington, I was like,
I couldn't keep up with it on my laptop, so I was like, eh.
Yeah, you kind of echo a lot of people that are kind of done with Knights of the Clicky.
Like once you beat that final boss, you can kind of grind old quests and stuff, but there's
not a lot else to do.
Now they did just recently release, I can't believe I'm talking about a Facebook game.
They released some new levels.
We really do need an official Knights of the Clicky starring Clicky the Pen.
A different show on the network owns the rights to that character, so we'll have to get agreements
and contracts.
You know, I haven't gotten to the last boss because I've actually been going through for
Gold Mastery on other levels, and now I'm like, this is boring!
What the crap am I doing?
I'm done.
Some comments in our chat room, some talk about Steam and Apple.
William Murderface says, Apple needs to get in bed with Steam already.
Act Def says Apple kind of already did that.
That's when Portal came out for free.
And that's true.
Steam is on the Apple system now, so.
Yeah, it's good for them, but I mean, no, Apple doesn't need to buy Steam.
There was some other big news in the Apple world, and we'll talk about that because we
have to, because it does affect video games.
We're going to talk about that a little later on in the program, but we'll wait until we
get there.
So, I really don't have anything else to share with my gaming week.
Not a lot of new console stuff, unfortunately.
It's been a little slow.
But hopefully as some of the new releases come out, I'll be picking them up and excited
about that.
I also really want to get LittleBigPlanet 2, so I think I'm going to have to do that.
Anyhow, let's move on into some housekeeping tonight.
No show stuff as far as I know, although I will say, it looks like we can kind of project
now when episode number 400 will be, although we have yet to plan anything special for it.
But if tonight is episode 396, then 397, 398, 399, episode number 400 of Orange Law and
Trade Deal will be February 6th of this year, assuming we do not miss any shows between
now and then.
Or do not have a show at 399 and a half.
So I don't know what's going to happen.
I know we had talked a while about maybe doing it at a pizza parlor or something and trying
to get some of the old crew together.
I don't know if that's feasible, but we'll try to do something fun for episode 400.
We're thinking about what we're going to do for that.
So that's really the only thing, because I don't know if there's a lot of gaming podcasts
that have hit episode 400 that are weekly.
I'm sure some daily ones have, but I don't know about any other weekly shows.
So if there are, I don't know of them, which would be a surprise at this point, because
that means you have to be doing a show for at least eight, nine years like we have.
So yeah, we'll be kind of doing something a little special for episode 400.
We just don't know what yet.
In good OLR fashion, we're procrastinating.
Otherwise, you can join us on Facebook, porn, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Or how about another marathon episode?
You like those, right?
Or twitter.com slash OLR if you want to follow us on Twitter.
How about we get into some gaming news?
Hokies, start us off tonight with some gaming news.
Yes.
So of course, there's some information, I mean, slightly before when the US announcement
and stuff comes out on the 19th, but some stuff about the 3DS launch in Japan.
They've announced 10 titles that are going to be expected for launch, I guess the Japanese
launch date will be February 26th.
And the titles you can expect, Winning Eleven 3DS, or 3D Soccer, get it, 3DS, Super Street
Fighter 4 3D Edition, Samurai Warriors Chronicle, looks like, Tobi Dasu, Puzzle Bobble 3D, Nintendogs
Plus Cats, wow, they're going to do 3 versions of that too, Toy Poodle and New Friends, French
Bulldog and New Friends, and Shiba and New Friends, yes, I will not be stupid this time
and buy all 3 versions, actually, I'll be smart this time and not buy any version, Ridge
Racer 3D, I don't know, I kinda want the kitties, I want the kitties too, Ridge Racer 3D, Combat
of Giants Dinosaur 3D, and Professor Layton and the Mask of Miracle, so those are expected
out, also it says there's supposed to be some new titles announced as well, including
BlazBlue Continuum Shift 2, Imports of Tales of the Abyss, and Raving Rabbids Travel in
Time, as well as the third game in the Tank Beat series, so those are going to be some
launch titles, no real word on what the pricing is going to be over here yet, but in Japan
it looks like they're kind of ranging around 4980 yen to say about 6090 yen, so between
say $60 and $73 compared, well obviously it's a lot more expensive over there, I was going
to say, they're not going to be $70 games, they're not going to be $70 games here, but
they'll be more expensive than DS games won't they, they'll use the 3D thing as an excuse
to charge a $10 premium, they will, I've already said before that one of the launch titles
I've seen actually have an actual price to it is $40 retail, so it's not unheard of to
have a $40 retail DS game, but it's rare, so usually those are the Squeenix games right,
like the Final Fantasy remakes kind of got up there, sometimes, usually the cap they'll
do on DS games is about $35 retail, but there have been like one or two $40 retail games,
but I'm expecting probably a $10 increase, probably going to see everything from $40
to a $50 as a high end game would be my guess, and then of course there's some more information
regarding the battery life for the 3DS, they're saying that the 3DS has a 3 to 5 hour battery
life for playing 3DS games, of course it's going to be a little bit longer if you're
playing regular DS games, which is going to be 5 to 8 hours, and they're saying that's
probably because it doesn't have to run the third display since the two displays are interlaced
on the top screen, so that'll save a little bit of the battery, but either way, 5 to 8
hours or 3 to 5 hours, that's not too bad.
In comparison though, the DSi XL, they say that that lasts about 17 hours, so you may
have to charge it a little bit more than you would your normal systems.
So now that we know a little bit more about what the 3DS is going to be all about, I mean
granted a lot of this news that came out this week from the event was Japan, but still we're
kind of watching it here.
Well, Samurai Warriors Chronicles is coming out here, that'll be the launch title here,
Dead or Alive is going to be a launch title here, and Super Monkey Ball will be a launch
title.
So where's the hype at right now, because let me go to a comment in our chatroom at
chat.orangelaunchrader.com, Defective Candy in our chatroom says, I love Nintendo, but
I'm just not going to invest in a 3DS when it comes out.
I'm going to wait until they release a second version just to make sure all the bugs are
worked out.
And I think that's a good question to ask, where's the hype meter now for the 3DS?
Because are you guys interested in buying one now, or are you kind of where Defective
Candy's at, where you're like, you know what, there is always inevitably the GBA with the
backlight, the DS Lite, the second iteration of the handheld that comes out later.
Yeah, but here's the thing with me, and the DS Lite and all that stuff, I didn't really
care about the DS Lite.
I guess the only iteration would be like the DSi, that was slightly different where they
actually had like SD storage, and you know, the cameras on it and stuff like that.
That's a little different.
And I don't know if you'd even consider that like a different system almost, but it pretty
much was.
Sadly it won't ever be utilized, and remember they were going to be having DSi only games,
and there was a handful of those, but they were kind of crap.
A lot of them were crap, it was just unlock extra stuff that there's really no reason
we shut out of the regular DS version.
Exactly.
So I don't know, I'm actually planning on getting one at launch, and really, you know,
they haven't announced any launch titles yet, but I know one of the titles that they were
working on that was supposed to be for the 3DS was the New Excite Truck Game, and I'm
telling you, if they have a New Excite Truck Game at launch, I will not be able to resist.
No, but I am planning on getting one at launch, and just because I don't really care about
the reiterations that come out later on, unless they add major features to them, it doesn't
really matter to me that they shrink down the size of the system, or they, you know,
make the system bigger, and they have a different color.
I don't care, because remember, those first systems are more exploitable than the other
systems, so that's really what I care about.
See here's where I'm at with the 3DS, like I am kind of with you skeptics, like it's
inevitable that once you buy this, they're going to announce a new one next year.
Like that is absolutely going to happen, it happens with every Apple product, it's a thing
of technology.
Here's and I'm really going to make myself sound like an a-hole by saying this, but here's
where I'm coming from that a lot of you aren't coming from.
I've seen the 3DS, and I've played the 3DS, and like I swear I'm not saying that to
be a jerk, but I'm telling you, I'm saying that because when you see this technology
for the first time, and you're like, I'm looking at 3D with no glasses, it kind of
takes you back for a minute.
And I think when they start putting these kiosks in stores and so forth, I think they're
going to win a lot of people over, and I think there's going to be a lot of people that
kind of put the, you know, oh well there'll be a new one next year aside, because they're
going to want something like this now.
Not just for the games, but for the things like the movies, and some of the other things
that they're promising they're going to do, the cameras and so forth.
I got to say, I really want one.
Here's the thing too about the 3DS, is it's really kind of pushing some technology here
that we don't see yet.
Nintendo does this.
They grasp new technology, and at the same time they don't embrace new technology sometimes.
With the Wii, the whole motion control thing, that was really ahead of the game there.
And then everybody was kind of playing catch up with that.
But their network support, not quite where it is with everybody else.
The 3DS, the technology's there, it's great that they're going to be doing all these cool
things with it.
I'm not so much of a fan of them re-releasing Nintendo 64 games supporting the 3DS.
Come on!
Seriously, you've been pulling this shit since the GameCube.
It's just ridiculous to have these re-release games, but whatever.
But here's the thing, is if this comes out and it's extremely popular, say they announce
the PSP2, okay great, the PSP2's going to have some pretty cool hardware behind it,
but what's it really going to do?
Has a trackpad on it, ooh, ooh, touchpad.
You're really catching up with everybody.
Well I don't want to sound like a broken record on this show, but I always think the PSP's
strength was not just as a gaming system, but as a comprehensive multimedia device.
They're really kind of expanding.
And that's what the 3DS doesn't have.
I don't look at the 3DS going, I'm going to be able to browse the web in 3D, no I'm not.
But they're saying though that, for example, they were talking at CES during their keynote
that they're having Sony tablets, they're having, well they didn't really come out and
say the PSP phone, but they're going to have the PSP phone.
They're going to have the PSP2 probably at some point soon.
So I don't think they really care too much, the fact that they can do all this stuff,
because pretty much everything now is doing all that stuff.
You can browse the web with any device almost.
Except the DS.
Uh huh, well I guess you can, and not very well.
Just not well.
Alright, let me go to the chatroom at chat.orangehelger.com, because there's some interesting discussion
going on here that I want to bring up.
Gamergirl kind of started the thing off by saying, I hate 3D, I can't watch that shit.
And SolarFlare says, 3D is a fad, and CSCR, SMAT 454, sorry I don't know what the preferred
name is there, wait for a price drop.
Hmm.
Well here's the thing.
Can I say this real quick though?
I also think, I'm getting a little sick of the whole 3Ds in the movie thing, because
I think most movies don't benefit from it.
Tron sure did.
Yeah, but then I'm like, but Tron was actually really awesome in 3D.
I thought Avatar was great in 3D.
You know, and it's so difficult, like, I am, but I think there's too much, like Gulliver's
Travel's 3D, no thanks, not gonna bother, do not want, but even something like Tangled
was really cute.
But here's the thing though.
Gulliver's Travel is not a movie targeted at you Rob, it's targeted at little kids that
like Jack White.
Well it missed its target because it didn't do very well at the box office.
Well that's the thing, it's a gamble, I mean that's something, Jack Black does not put
people in the seats anymore, I don't know, but it's, speaking of which, I am gonna sneak
out to the theaters to see Tron one last time, in D-Box, in D-Box, because Friday the 14th
is the last day that they will have, actually no that will be the cutoff because they're
gonna be getting a new D-Box movie which is, what the fuck is it, it's that Seth Rogen
one.
The Green Lantern.
No, no, Green Hornet.
Green Hornet, yeah.
Green blank.
The Green Hornet.
Yes, I need to, I am sneaking out this week during, during, during.
Okay, here's the thing I want to say though, because I am totally in that camp where I
also think we're starting to get a little much with the 3D, and I was very skeptical
going into the 3DS, but seeing that technology for the first time without the glasses was
pretty amazing, and I have to admit my favorite part, and this is something the movies don't
give you, my favorite part was that there's a little slider where you can adjust the intensity
of the 3D, so it can be like, you know, kind of pulling on the eyes to, forget it, 2D.
Just throw the 3D out and have 2D.
So it's interesting to me that developers are gonna have to consider that, that some
people are gonna want to play 3D, and someone to play 2D.
The reason why I'm excited about the 3D, I want to see where it's gonna take games, because,
you know, things like Doom, Quake, even things like Zelda, when they first came out, they
were called 3D games.
This whole virtual reality.
And I think now that we have real 3D technology, I'm really curious to see where that's gonna
take the gaming and interaction technology.
That's where I'm at.
Sorry, Loki, I cut you off like five minutes.
Well, and then on the other thing is they don't have to necessarily use the 3DS top
screen as a 3D screen, they can use it as an HD 2D screen because you have twice the
resolution now to play around with.
They don't have to actually interlace it to do 3D.
So I think there's a lot of potential to do some really good-looking games, and the games
on it look really good.
I mean, like, the Dead or Live game looks like a console Dead or Live game, you know,
Street Fighter IV looks like console Street Fighter IV, so it's not bad.
And I think that's another point that a lot of people are forgetting is that we're all
talking about 3D, yes, but in 2D, the graphics are better than they are on the DS.
It is a graphical upgrade.
It's not just a DS recycled.
There is graphical and hardware upgrades with this thing.
So.
Well, we'll see.
I mean, you know, I'm curious to know more details about what the US is getting.
I was very surprised to hear that there is no pack-in at all.
And we haven't heard what the new Mario game's gonna be.
Can you imagine a new Mario game on this?
That'll be sexy.
I also do have to mention that for the people in the chat room who are pissing about, you
know, 3D, if you don't like it, don't see it.
Well, true, but, you know, I did ask the question, who's gonna buy this and who's not, and so
if they're not, that's fine.
Well, but I'm saying, you know, for the people who are just saying 3D is overdone, 3D is
overdone, if you don't like it, fine, don't ruin it for the people that like it.
I don't, you know, that's this thing.
If you don't want your games in 3D, don't buy a 3DS.
If you don't want your movies in 3D, don't go see them in 3D.
If you don't want to watch TV in 3D, don't get a 3D TV.
It's that easy.
Stop bitching.
But maybe there's this worry, and I think it's a valid concern, that 3D is slowly becoming
the norm.
You know?
It is gonna become the norm.
Consumer electronics show.
We don't, we didn't hear about any 2D TVs.
Maybe the one, we heard about like one 2D TV because it was like a gigantic wall-sized
television, like, I mean, wall-sized television.
But otherwise, everybody's talking about 3D, 3D, 3D TVs, 3D TVs without glasses, 3D.
3D's not going anywhere.
It's gonna be around, you know, for a while, and it will become the norm, and people will
just stop bitching about it.
It's not a fad.
But yes, here, just like- So I can see where people are concerned about
that.
But just like any emerging technology, just like with, you know, the Wii and stuff like
that, the first, you know, the first games you have on the Wii or whatever are gonna
be really cheesy, and they're gonna be just some cheap ideas to utilize the technology.
Just like the first 3D movies, you know, there's a couple good ones, and a lot of them were
just tacked on 3D to get people in the seats because it's a 3D movie.
But a lot of stuff now, a lot of movies are being filmed in 3D.
Granted, you're not gonna see, you know, I don't know, Sister of the Traveling Pants
3 in 3D.
God, let's hope not.
You know, but I think eventually everything will be in 3D, and that's just gonna be the
way it is.
You know, and when your kids, you know, you're talking to your kids about how you used to
see the 2D movies, they're like, 2D?
What are you talking about?
What is 2D?
And that's the time when the 4D dimension will be coming out, and you can watch movies
in an alternate time.
This is my issue, is that people bitched about TV when it was new.
People bitched about HDTV.
People bitched when it was time to go from 8-track to cassette.
Or VHS to DVD.
Exactly.
It's the same thing over and over.
And it's just sort of like a big inevitability.
Technology is going to progress.
I gotta play devil's advocate.
None of those technologies hurt my eyes.
That's the one downside I can see to this 3D.
Yeah.
Like, even when I go to do the 3D movies and so forth, like, I can't wear the glasses for
the whole two hours consecutively.
Yeah, but you know why, though?
That's because the technology that they have right now, there's a lot of flicker and just
they're gonna catch up.
It's the technology will get better and it'll be less harsh on your eyes.
Okay, that's fair.
Well, think about this.
Alright, look at televisions in the 80s.
Okay.
Remember those big, you know, cabinet televisions that would have that, you know, look like,
oh, there's supposed to be nice furniture and shit.
Really blurry screen quality.
Now we've got TVs that are three times those size in perfect crystal clear HD quality.
And we're talking about a span of 25 years.
So by the time I'm 50, the holodeck should be out, right?
No, I'm not saying that.
But now also...
Holodeck retirement.
But now, but if you think about it too, the growth of technology is also exponential,
you know, as the more technological advancement you get in the different fields, they're gonna
speed up the new rate of research.
The more you learn, the more you're gonna learn.
That's how I see it.
Two very interesting comments in chat.
I gotta bring up.
Bochi Kawa in our chat room says, besides, we're still playing games on the NES.
If you want new, then get new.
If you want old, play old.
Interesting.
Seriously.
And that's what we do.
We've got a whole room full of old.
And it's not to say that all technologies end up, you know, taking off.
Old is new.
Look at how much retro crap gets repackaged and comes out.
You know what I mean?
That's because all the kids have grown up and are making the games.
Fascinating.
Steve, and I don't know if this is our show or not, but can you believe that copies of
Super Mario All-Stars, the reprint that was on the Wii, are selling for $75 and $80 on
eBay?
Yeah.
Are you people fucking nuts?
Let me bring this up in chat as well, because this is another good comment.
And then I promise we can change the topic.
Mayor in our chat room says, why now versus the last 3D?
And I think that's a very legitimate question.
And I'm guessing a lot of it has to do with the technology.
Like, you know, the last time 3D was big was the mid early 80s when like Jaws 3D was out
and that stuff.
And I'm thinking there's two reasons for it.
A, that technology wasn't as good, period.
I mean, when you're talking to 3DS, again, I'm telling you guys, the first time you see
it without glasses, you do have that moment of, whoa, everybody's going to have that moment
of whoa, I'm playing this and I'm not wearing glasses and I'm seeing the 3D.
And then B, Jaws 3D was not Avatar.
And love Avatar or hate it, the fact is it's the highest grossing movie ever.
And now everybody wants to be it.
So I think those are the two big differences to me is that, you know, technology has come
a long way and a movie got to be extremely successful with the technology.
And let me tell you that Avatar didn't make its money because people liked the plot.
They wanted to see the pretty 3D.
Well, but if you also look into the actual technology that went into it, it's basically
in, you know, I think that they applied some of it to a lesser extent in Tron, remember,
with the having the 3D modeled younger face, even though he looked like, you know, plastic.
That technology still needs, still needs some work.
But I think I think what they needed was better animation.
That's what I think that that needed.
But if you stop and look at it, you're going to basically be replacing.
I mean, now, keep in mind, we were having this conversation like a while back, me and
Dan were, about how we miss, you know, matte paintings and, you know, things in movies
use like, for example, OK, I'll use Tron since I was already on it.
In the first Tron movie, when he walks into the cubicle area and there's cubicles going
on for miles, that was all matte painting.
You know, or remember V when they walked into the ship and it's, you know, the whole lines
of the storage pods going on in the back and the old one.
That was all matte painting.
My favorite was always rear projection for driving scenes.
Yeah.
But now, but now if you look at that, you're going to, I don't think that the craftsmanship
is going anywhere.
It's just moving to a different medium.
You're still going to have to have animators.
You're still going to have to have artists that are going to be able to make all of this.
And yeah, maybe you're saving in resources in paint and that type of thing.
And keep in mind, I still think nothing will replace painting.
Nothing will replace physical art.
You know what I mean?
But at the same time, I think that if you're looking in terms of pushing the envelope as
far as the experience that you can deliver in technology, in a cinematic experience or
in games or movies, anything like that, that you're going to have to start making situations
where it's cheaper to produce.
And I think that that's going to be the advantage of going with the same type of innovations
that they made with Avatar.
That's what my point was, is the fact that you could have warehouses and then send it
off to a team of animators and have this high quality product produced with some time and
effort, but you're not paying for a set.
You're not paying for makeup, you know, none of that.
That was my point.
Okay.
Okay.
That's where I see everything going with the technology developed with that.
You know, yeah, cool movie.
But I think that they need to take the same things that, you know, they can even do, keep
in mind, they can even do the same thing with video games.
You know, we've had motion capture in video games before, so keep in mind taking that
same sort of, you know, the blank set.
You can actually do all of your cinematic cut scenes with like actual actors and record
them real time, have them, you know, the layers and everything, but over it for a game and
boom, there you go.
Let me try to wrap up this topic by going back to one of the thought.
No, because it relates to what you just said about motion capture and stuff and a lot of
the other technology that's been coming out in the past few months has to do with that
when you talk about Kinect is basically kind of like a live motion capture type of thing.
Going back to the golden rule of gaming, a system is only as good as the games that are
on it.
And I think that's very important to remember with this whole 3DS launch as well is that
if the games are poop, you know, the pretty will wear off quickly.
I am really curious about this year's E3.
I am so, like I have to admit, like the hype going into this year's E3 is almost higher
than it's ever been because I think this is a very crucial E3.
I think it's either going to be the best show ever or it's going to be a stinker.
And I mean, easy to say, right?
But the reason why is because now you have this technology, you have Kinect, you have
Move, you have soon to be this PSP2, and you have the 3DS and, you know, all these launch
games are kind of like that obvious thing to do the technology.
All the Kinect launch games were essentially Wii knockoffs and Dance Central.
You know, all the 3DS things are these Nintendo upgrades and sort of like, you know, finally
Kid Icarus coming back and so forth.
I'm really curious now what is going to be next.
Now that these technologies are established, how are you going to take it to the next level?
What is that must-have game going to have in it that implements that technology that
just blows us away?
So I'm really interested in what's going to be brought to the table this year at E3.
And it's either going to be great or it's going to show that, you know what, we should
have never left where we were last year.
The whole 12 months have been a lie, and this whole crap is just a fad.
Very curious.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more topics.
Good discussion, but we've got plenty more to get through tonight.
So Dark Sakura.
Well, how about something that has absolutely nothing to do with 3D visuals except maybe
being rendered?
Lord of the Rings Online.
It's making a lot of money now.
Since they went free to play, and you know how we kind of left, oh, they must be sucking,
they're going free to play.
Actually, they're making three times as much revenue monthly, so that's pretty cool.
They are now doing the whole, I hate the word term, microtransaction, because a transaction
is a transaction, fuck putting a size on it, but they're using this little, you know, and
I can see doing it, I've been doing some of them in Star Trek Online when I was playing.
I bought outfits and ship packs and stuff, even with my subscription fee.
So I can see that if someone wants to make a character look a certain way, they're going
to spend all the little bits and pieces and not even see that they're nickel diming their
money right into their pocket.
And I've always said the minute this technology comes out for World of Warcraft, Horde House
is over, I'm quitting WoW.
The minute this type of stuff, and you might already say, oh Rob, you can already do it,
the mounts are da da da da, that's all superficial crap, and you know, it does not affect the
base game.
When this becomes their model.
Exactly.
If Warcraft ever implements this stuff where the stats, you know, change or you're getting
things that otherwise you grind dungeons for or whatever, Horde House is canceled and WoW
is done, as far as I'm concerned, because that's not, I like playing a game where everybody's
on an equal playing field.
Everybody's paying 15 bucks a month, everybody, you know, is on that same playing field when
it comes to the quest that you're grinding and so forth, and those that get the super
awesome items really worked for it.
However, that's not to slam this other idea, because, you know, not everything can be WoW,
and not everything can kind of command the $15 up front, and I think we've seen a lot
of the same model, oddly enough, in Facebook games, and it's worked really well.
You know, and I don't know, these games, I'm okay with the way they do it, because it's
sort of like, well you know nothing in this world is really free.
So that's how they choose to nickel and dime you instead of the cost of the game.
And so, I don't know, for some reason, I'm okay with it, but at the same time, I can't
think of any free to play games that I really play with any regularity, except one or two
Facebook games.
That even then, if they were to disappear and delete tomorrow, I wouldn't lose any sleep
over it.
Well, you keep in mind, too, that a lot of, like, remember when I was playing Ragnarok
Online?
A lot of the free servers that I would play on, they would actually make the money to
run the servers by offering special items for people who donated.
And that's been going on for years.
Second Life, that's how they run.
You know, you pay real money for stuff that people have made, and that's how you do your
thing there.
I think that it's just now they're saying that, you know, when you don't notice how
much you're spending, that it's easier to spend a lot more, if that makes sense.
Absolutely.
That's gambling, is a lot of that.
And on top of that, you're not dealing with actual physical money.
You're dealing with a click, yes.
There's no money leaving your hand, but it's relieving your bank account, so.
It could be dangerous.
When Xbox Live first came out, I bought every single arcade game that came out.
Freakin' iTunes.
Yeah, iTunes is easy to fall into that too.
Same thing.
Oh yeah.
So, anyway.
Good talks tonight!
Speaking of Xbox Live-
Keep a ledger by your desk when you play.
For real.
Alright, Loki, what's up next in the news for us?
Alright.
Oops.
Anyways.
This is kinda cool, they're doing a new promotion, it's kinda something that they've been doing
each year for Xbox Live Arcade.
The House Party.
Well, this time they've got a lineup of games coming out that's actually pretty cool.
There's gonna be five games that will start coming out on February 18th, each week.
And it's gonna include the following titles.
Beyond Good and Evil HD, Hardcore Uprising, that's that Contra game that's kinda anime
style now.
Bejeweled Blitz Live, Full House Poker, which is supposed to be that game that's kind of
the next evolution of the, what do they call that, the 1 vs 100 type thing, but now with
poker.
And then of course, Torchlight is coming out on Xbox Live Arcade as well.
So that's a pretty good lineup of titles right there.
And no word on pricing for that yet, but those are gonna be each week, so that's pretty exciting.
I am so excited about Torchlight coming.
It's gonna be sweet.
But it's gonna be weird, because Torchlight is very PC.
You know what I mean?
And if you've never played it, it's basically Diablo 2.
I don't know how else to explain it.
It's a lot of that same kind of like dungeon crawl, and lots of keys do different things.
And I think they've talked about with this coming to Xbox Live Arcade, they've practically
revamped the whole battle system, because you kinda have to click a lot.
You have to use a mouse to play Torchlight.
So going from that to controller is gonna be really weird.
It's not even gonna be the same game.
So it's almost strange to me that they're calling it Torchlight still.
It's almost like Torchlight Side Quest or Side Story.
I guess I don't really know until I get my hands on it how different it's gonna be, but
just at the base with changing all these controls is gonna be really interesting.
But at the same time, they're gonna kinda trick me into buying the same game twice,
because I have it on PC and now I kinda want it on Xbox Live Arcade.
Damn it!
Damn it!
Exactly.
I've been tricked into buying this game twice.
What about you, chatters?
Many of you guys play Torchlight on your PC, and yet you think you're gonna buy this on
Xbox Live Arcade as well?
So I'm curious about...
What were some of the other games that were coming out?
It's all Torchlight Torchlight to me.
But Joel Blitz Live, they have that...
That game's free to play on Facebook.
They're gonna charge me to play it on Xbox Live?
Yeah.
Bastards.
Beyond Good and Evil HD.
I know a lot of people are Beyond Good and Evil fans.
Yeah, that'll be a big one.
What else?
Oh, there's that new poker game that was from Microsoft.
Oh, that's the 1 versus 100 replacement, isn't it?
Yes.
Bochikawa in our chatroom says Torchlight with Kinect support?
That might be really fun.
I don't think it uses Kinect.
I don't think so either.
That's an interesting thought, though, is that what if instead of a mouse, it was your
hand?
And you could just move your hand around and click by, like, just thrusting your hand forward
or something?
I don't know.
It'd be interesting.
Did Suya remind us that Diablo was on the PlayStation?
Look at how Diablo worked on the PlayStation.
They just changed the controls to work with the controller.
I totally forgot that Diablo had been on the PlayStation.
I think I did play it on the PlayStation, too.
All right.
Well, anyhow, moving on to another story while some more comments come in.
This is one of those stories.
I just want to hurry up and get through this and forget about it because it's another one
of these, like, crazy obscure patent guy comes out and decides to sue reputable companies
in a court of law because everybody in this country is too happy.
And who's getting sued this time?
Activision Blizzard and Zynga.
And I can't, like, what do these two companies possibly have in common where they're both
being sued?
Well, Walker Digital, which was founded by Jay Walker, who also made Priceline.com, is
behind this suit.
So maybe it's not just any old troll.
This is a troll with a big website.
Zynga and Activision violate the patent, which is a database-driven online distributed
tournament system.
Walker is saying that the part of this that has been violated is the part of the patent
that says there is a, quote, method of conducting a distributed electronic tournament for a
plurality of players.
And World of Warcraft Call of Duty Black Ops, which is Activision, which is part of Blizzard
Card, Mafia Wars, and all these games have these tournaments in them.
Kind of odd that Starcraft isn't mentioned, because when I think tournaments, I don't
think, wow, I think Starcraft, but whatever.
I guess violates this patent.
I don't know, I'm starting to think with all these stories I read that patent stuff is
a need for reform, or-
I think whatever judge reviews that needs to just tell him to bite his ass.
Well, and it probably will get laughed out of court, as a lot of these recent ones have,
but they're asking for a full trial or whatever.
And you know what?
If this guy had the technology years ago or whatever, that's fine.
If you were the one that thought of it, I guess, although I somehow don't think these
companies have implemented it quite the same way.
And just the fact that, why do you patent something and then do nothing with it?
Like that's what bothers.
That's what makes you look like a troll, is you're just waiting for someone to actually
put a good idea to use, and then it gets to the pants off of them.
I don't know.
A little silly to me, and I'm sure it's a little silly to all of you as well.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us?
Oh, I've got a few other things.
How about Mario All-Stars?
Well, it's sold out, and copies are going for 80 bucks on eBay, and they're talking
about more reprints.
So we might be seeing it going, however, they have not sold out in the UK.
And you can still get your copy on Amazon UK for $17.99.
So people in Europe, stockpile!
Because we're coming after your supply.
And people here in the US, you're gonna be really sorry buying these for $80 on eBay
if they end up reprinting them, which they probably will.
Well yeah, I mean, basically, Mark Franklin, who's the head of Nintendo PR, said that they're
thinking about bringing it back in reprints.
So they definitely want to make more money, and people will buy them.
The market's there.
And I'm sure there's gotta be a lot of us sitting here going, who is buying this?
Because seriously, it's a port of a game that was out on the SNES, I mean.
Well here's this, Dan turned to me a while back and said, hey, you want this game?
Why?
We've got it on the SNES.
I mean, I think we were talking about wanting the special edition or something because it
came with shit, but why?
I'll tell you who's buying this.
Most people out there in the world aren't like you and Dan.
There's a lot of folks that, you know, are having families now that when they were teenagers
were playing the Super Nintendo and remember this game on the Super Nintendo.
It's soccer moms!
It's the same people that are driving the sales of the Wii in the first place.
Soccer moms are buying the Mario games because they remember playing it when they were younger.
I guarantee that you can buy a Super Nintendo and the game for less than $80.
Oh no, I'm sure you can.
The game is easy to find.
I mean, it wasn't like a super limited production or anything, but you can find them.
Most people don't understand that.
I think I've got two copies.
They think it's the Wii.
If I have another copy I'll send it to somebody.
I know this is hard for people that listen to this show to understand because you all
are very gaming aware, you're culturally aware of the gaming community.
I think there's a lot of people out there that honestly don't understand that.
They don't think you can buy Super Nintendos anymore or they think that, well, it's on
the Wii.
It's a Wii version.
It's different.
No, it's not.
They don't know that.
All they know is that the game is on the Wii now.
We are expert analysts of video games.
Trust us.
It's the same thing.
It's like when they re-release The Wizard of Oz into theaters for a limited run.
It's the same damn movie.
They didn't put anything back.
Dorothy suddenly does not go home.
You know what I mean?
She still clicks her heels three times.
That'd be fucking hilarious.
They changed the ending.
But no, the movie is still the same.
You know what I mean?
Nothing's changed.
But a lot of people don't get that.
I honestly truly think-
It changed the ending and she's actually in the Insane Asylum like in the second movie.
I honestly truly think people don't know that you can go out and still buy the game.
They think that, oh, they've re-released this now and I can get it on my Wii for my kids.
They should be listening to our podcast.
Why aren't they?
And some folks in the chat room seem to agree with me.
Tiger Claw says true.
And people who never bought a Mario game in their life, this will be their first entry
to Mario.
DDR Dollar Bill says, here's the thing, casual players aren't going to go out and find a
Super Nintendo and then find the games.
They don't know how to hunt at a free market.
Lazy.
I know.
They're taking advantage of lazy people.
Every industry out there takes advantage of people being lazy.
We have certain infomercials exist.
They create problems for people that people didn't have before so that they can sell them
a product for something, for a problem they didn't have.
Thank you for reminding me because I actually have a problem with my cat not being able
to get high enough on our windows so I had to go buy a Sunny Seat for it.
Your cat can live.
It's a cat.
She needs to be higher up on the window.
Shirmi sits on the damn floor.
Cats desire height.
When she wants sunlight, she goes and sits in front of the door.
I think some of the greatest company ideas out there are formed on how can I allow people
to be more lazy.
Like, let me give you an example.
There's companies out there that will do takeout for any type of food and they just charge
like a surcharge over it.
We have something called takeout taxi.
Yeah, any restaurant in the world can get you takeout food.
Now here's the thing.
Not everybody who uses that is lazy because certainly you have homebound people, sick
people, people who don't have driver's license.
People who are studying for their finals.
Yeah, exactly.
But I'll bet you that's 10% of who's using it.
Oh yeah.
No, I understand.
It's just, you know, what, I don't want to start ranting again.
Forget it.
No.
Please rant.
We haven't had good rants in a long time on this show.
Why can't people just get off their asses and just put effort into shit, you know?
Because then I have to look away from my farm and my plants on my Farmville will die.
I was just ranting, Rob.
It's like, nothing is going to equal the experience of sitting down and playing the game on the
Super Nintendo with the right controller.
It's just not going to be the same.
And I mean, like, you know, that's the whole reason why we didn't get the new Donkey Kong,
Rob?
It's because you can't play it with a classic controller.
It's not Donkey Kong.
Oh wow.
You have to do the little shaky thing.
They didn't want to put motion control in it.
Miyamoto made them.
That's retarded.
I want to sit down and play a game that doesn't have motion control and I want to wear my
pajamas while I'm doing it so I can be lazy playing it the way it's meant to be played.
So I'll go to effort to be lazy.
You know what's a really interesting comment here from XLink in our chat room?
Netflix is another company.
And I'm not, he didn't really put context to that so I'm assuming it means, like, Netflix
kind of made their money off lazy things.
But I don't know, like, I can definitely see that end of it but I don't know if I'd necessarily
call it lazy as much as it is damn convenient.
You know, because what did we have to do before?
You had to get out, get in your car, go to the video store and so forth.
It's just, it's more convenience in my opinion.
It's also kind of the subscriber fee.
You know, when Blockbuster had their stores, not until the end after Netflix was out did
they have these monthly fees where you could rent all the movies you wanted.
Like I always, like that's why people like Netflix from what I understood was that, you
know, they could send one movie away and there'd be another one waiting for them and it's kind
of like, you know, I don't, I can kind of take that going to Blockbuster out of my daily
routine and watch more movies.
I don't know if I would call that lazy though.
I mean, I guess it is in a way.
Yeah, it's, people are convenience centric.
They're focused on convenience and, you know, I kind of miss, you know, going to Blockbuster
and looking at the movies and reading the backs of them and everything and going to
rent my games and the special rental only versions of stuff.
Well there's still like one Blockbuster in every town if you want to do that.
It's just farther away now.
And the fucking red box thing.
I hate the red box.
That's why my husband doesn't have a job as a freaking red box.
Hate it.
I'm not really a big fan of red box either.
Like in my opinion, you should go out to the, like you should go out to a Blockbuster if
you're going to use something like red box.
It's not that different.
And this is what the other problem is too is that I think that there's a sort of forced
isolation going on people.
You know, it used to be you had to get out and be in society and be a part of things,
but now it's like everyone's an individual and we have to cater to everybody and political
correct and blah, blah, blah.
And I think that it's a matter of you're removing the human element from the equation.
Ooh, good point from Frisbee in our chat room.
Netflix eliminated the late fees.
That's why it got so popular.
That's a very good point.
But, but do you see what I do?
I do.
I do.
I have to make sure our chatters, every gamer has a voice.
For example, even with world of Warcraft, going back to that, you're, you're not really
there hanging out with your people, you know, you're chatting and yeah, but it's impersonal.
It's pretty impersonal I think.
And what happened to getting people together and playing a board game or getting people
over for, you know, doing four player bomber man?
See, I like to do both, but sometimes it's not practical.
You know what I mean?
Like sometimes I'm playing these games with people that live halfway across the country
or all the way across the country.
That's fine.
That's one thing.
But I'm saying how many people in the guild live in town or near town?
I mean that, that's, you know, one point you, it used to be that we would, all of us would
get together like twice a week and play DDR or go to the arcade and something and now
it's just like, Oh, I'll see you online.
What happened to hanging out?
What happened to good old fashioned hanging out?
It's I think that the other thing with, with, you know, all of this is just that it's removing
the personal element from everything.
We are a convenience driven society and we also don't like dealing with people because
it's inconvenient to, anyway, more ranting.
Yet, yet there's a stigma in our society that we all need to be skinny and beautiful because
only skinny is beautiful.
But the realistic end of it is that with how much we are lazy and convenience driven, it
ought to be that like, you know, sitting at home all day getting really, really, you know,
nonactive and stuff ought to be the pretty thing, right?
Cause that's where more people are at these days.
I don't know.
So what you're saying is like back in the middle ages.
Sure.
Cause if you know, you were fair skinned and stuff and nonworking, then you were more desirable.
I would be so famous in the middle ages.
All right.
We're totally getting on this like off topic.
Remember when big butts were in?
You have that magnet.
I like big butts and I cannot lie.
You either brothers can't deny.
I thought you liked boobs.
All right, let's move on.
Release dates.
Let's travel around the world and see what is conveniently coming out to a store near
you.
Yes.
Not a whole lot this week yet, but there are a few things coming out, so that's good.
The start of things off, Venetica, which is on PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
Ghost Trick Phantom Detective on Nintendo DS.
That's by the artwork from the guys that did stuff on the Ace Attorney series.
So that looks pretty cool.
DC Universe.
They're going to have that available on PlayStation 3 and PC, both the regular and collector's
editions of those.
Prinny 2 Dawn of Operation Panties, dude, on PSP.
What?
Say that again.
Prinny 2 Dawn of Operation Panties, dude.
Prinny's are the little guys in the Disgaea, little penguin dudes, right?
Yes.
And this is about Operation Panties?
Yes.
Prinny 2 Dawn of Operation Panties, dude.
Okay, like, what the fuck happened to this series when I wasn't watching it?
So, like, now there's a game coming out where the little penguins are going on a panty raid.
Am I correct?
I'm not sure.
What is Operation Panties?
I have no idea.
Alright, keep going.
I need to do some research.
Kingdom Hearts Re-Coded.
That's coming out on Nintendo DS this week.
Um, Spell Force 2, Faith and Destiny on PC.
Um, let's see.
And that's basically it.
Next week, lots of good stuff.
But that's for next week's, or the week after next, I should say.
I want me some Little Big Planet 2.
There's no wiki entry on Prinny 2 Dawn of Operation Panties, dude.
I'm trying to find more information on this.
I'm doing Google.
Give me a minute.
Let's see.
Okay, there's something on the PlayStation blog.
Let's see what this is all about.
Prinny 2 is a side-scrolling hack and slash action game and you can play as Prinny.
Your mission this time is to find the precious panties of demon lord Etna.
Yes, you have to search for Etna's panties, or Etna swears that she will skin all Prinny's
and make them into panties.
Well now that I think of that, Prinny panties would be kind of cool, but not for the Prinny's.
You must find her panties by following morning in the game so you don't have any time to
dilly dally.
Let's get to it, dude.
Words escape me, folks.
This is what gaming has become.
Look at your life.
Look at your choices.
What, what, what are you doing?
Insolacious pop is, is chiming in there.
Etna, the demon girl was in Disgaea.
Her panties are missing and you fight an action platformer to find them, but with panties
like in ghosts and goblins, those ghosts and goblins and panties.
I just, I can't.
Although you know what, this game probably deserves to sell more copies than a lot of
the stuff out there.
I mean, hooray for them for giving gamers what they really want.
Panties.
Let's move on to Japan and talk about some of the crazy games coming out over there.
On the Xbox 360, Arcana Heart 3 is making its way out this week.
Arcana Heart, that's the all chick fighters, right?
Yeah.
Alright, number 3 is coming out.
Panties will fly.
Or at least they will in my brain.
James Bond Bloodstone comes out on 360 this week as well as Mass Effect 2, the Japanese
edition.
It took them a little while to localize it for those guys.
Stoked, big air edition also on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan.
And a very limited edition Arcana Heart 3 arcade stick coming out as well.
Coming out on the Playstation 3, Arcana Heart 3 gets a version there as well and a joystick
and James Bond Bloodstone also coming out on the Playstation 3 in Japan.
So the releases kind of mirror each other there.
Nothing on the Wii this week, in fact things are kind of quiet from Nintendo until we get
to the last story in a couple weeks.
And then of course Nintendo is going to be all about the 3DS in Japan in just a little
bit.
So things are going to be quiet there for a little bit, but we'll get back to them in
a while.
The DS, also very quiet unless you want to get Zombie Daisuke, oh wait that's actually
next week.
So there's nothing on the DS this week.
But how about the PSP, there's a few games coming out there.
Macross Ultimate Frontier gets a price reduction this week as does Umiwaza Yikari no Yasashi
Igo gets a price reduction.
It's not coming out, it's getting a little cheaper and more affordable.
And this game is, it's like that old game Go, but like with one of the world's experts
who's this kind of cute chick in her cyber form helping you to play that old game.
Does she strip Go naked if I do well?
It's not strip Go.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
Not interested.
Also Black Robina comes out this week from one of my favorite named companies over there,
Broccoli.
You know what else Broccoli did?
What else?
Digi-Carrot.
Ah.
Well they're doing Black Robina on the PSP this week.
That's it for Japanese releases.
Well for Europe there's a few.
We have Zite on Xbox 360 for the 12th.
On the 14th is DC Universe Online and Ghost Trick.
And also Kingdom Hearts Recoded.
And that's it.
Alright we're almost to the Classic Game of the Week, but first a couple more stories
for you guys.
And this next story, you're going to want to remember this when we get into Part B tonight.
Yes.
HQ has partnered with Mattel and they're going to be doing some brand new license games based
on their properties.
And of course some of the deals that they have in place already, well they've already
got some stuff I guess.
He-Man by the power of Greyskull.
So that's kind of cool.
And then they haven't really said what other rights they're also going to be working with
I guess.
Ah let's see here, they said Barbie Hot Wheels.
It's kind of odd because Barbie and Hot Wheels right now, Activision kind of has the rights
to those because they've been making games for them for a while now.
Mainly the Barbie stuff off of the DVD movies.
If you believe it or not they keep releasing DVD movies for Barbie stuff.
Fisher Price, Rock'em Sock'em Robots, Masters of the Universe, and Polly Pocket.
And of course you know people are wondering, also they're going to be maybe doing some
tie-ins with the U-Draw game tablet because they do have that by the way.
So I don't know, it's interesting.
I wonder if they're going to be doing any off of the new Masters of the Universe series.
Is that even still around?
Do they show it in reruns?
I don't know.
Weren't they supposed to be optioning a new movie or something for that?
Well Dolph Lundgren needs more work.
I'm serious man, the guy- Isn't he like senile by now?
He's got to be getting pretty old.
He was in Expendables, he's not that old.
Well Expendables was different though, it brought back everybody for that movie.
They're all pretty old.
Alright, one more story for you guys, then the classic game of the week.
And this has to do with some big announcements, the Consumer Electronics Show this week, which
usually isn't a gaming show per se, but a few things will always get slipped in there
because of course gaming consoles are what's in your living room.
And one place that gaming consoles have really expanded beyond just the place you play video
games is being an entertainment device, letting you watch movies and Netflix on them.
And Microsoft talked a little bit about Netflix expansion.
Coming this spring, Netflix will get Kinect enabled.
So you'll be able to flail your arms to queue up episodes of Veronica Mars if that's how
you choose to do it.
I bet this will be one of those things where you use it a couple times to impress your
friends and then you're done with it.
Because you know, as cool as the Kinect technology is, I don't know, it'd be a little slow to
like wave your arms and then kind of look for the movie you're looking for.
Now where this might be really cool is that instead of fumbling for the controller, which
is probably off, if you're able to say, Kinect, pause, so you can go up and get a sandwich,
that will be great.
That will be the coolest thing about Xbox Netflix.
Kinect, make me a sandwich.
Maybe next year's CES, who knows.
Also announced though is that Hulu will be coming to Xbox.
It's out on the PlayStation, but Hulu Plus will be coming to the Xbox 360 at the same
time later this spring.
So there you go.
One other little tidbit that was dropped in the press conference, remember how Microsoft
had a goal of selling 5 million Kinect units by Christmas?
Well they came out at CES and said they sold 8 million units.
But some people have said, wait a minute, did you really sell 8 million units?
Or did you push 8 million units out there to retailers?
Hmm.
Well regardless of however the numbers are being skewed, it still is a fairly impressive
amount.
I guarantee if they, I think those are sold numbers because they haven't been sitting
on shelves.
Let me put it that way.
They're hard to find.
So yeah, and who knew?
A lot of people thought that that was going to be a high number for them to break because
that's way more than they sold 360s in the first year.
Of course 360s were really hard to get at that time, so I don't know.
These are still hard to get.
Are they really?
I guess I'm spoiled by what you have to say.
It seems that way at least.
Probably not for retailers.
It's pretty easy to get for them.
I like how everybody in our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrady.com is coming out with their own ideas for what
Connect should do on voice command.
Like DDR Dollar Bill says, Connect, get me a beer.
Frisbee in our chatroom says, Computer, end holodeck.
DDR Dollar Bill says, Connect, ban this douchebag who called me a racial slur.
Someday, someday.
Tiger Claw, Xbox, play Tron, Tron, Tron, I said Tron, damn it.
Yeah, it would be like the voice recognition on the DS.
Blue, blue, brew.
That joke will make sense if you've ever played Brain Age.
Alright, let's move on to the classic game of the week.
Yay.
It's a chance for us to take a trip down memory lane to gaming's past where Dark Soccer is
going to step into the vault and pull a game out of the archives and she thinks, hey, you
ungrateful kids, you should put down all those newfangled holiday toys and your 3DSs and
play games the way we used to where we had to walk barefoot through the snow both ways,
20 miles up the river and eat our grape nuts to play these games.
I'm still hungry, Rob.
All I've had is pizza.
Alright, what is the classic game of the week, Dark Soccer?
Space Fury, specifically Space Fury on the ColecoVision.
You have to play a little bit of, you have to play the opening taunt.
I love that music.
Okay.
So this is the screen where you select your difficulty.
Suddenly I'm watching a Space Odyssey.
That was something that we heard a lot of in my house when I was in the third grade.
I love this game.
Isn't it great?
Okay.
Now, before I go into the ColecoVision version, which is what this is, I'm going to have to
go into the arcade version.
It was put out by Sega on June 17th, 1981.
It has a rotate left, rotate right and thrust and fire.
So basically it's kind of, it kind of plays like asteroids, but you, as you go through
the game, you actually can get like a little armored unit that takes you to different levels
of different things you can shoot, except that these little segments combine into a
bigger segment.
And then you have to, you know, blow up the smaller segments and stuff, but they can blow
you up.
It looks like a little bit time pilot, which kind of was asteroids inspired too.
It's kind of like between the two.
As far as the arcade, the arcade version was vector.
So of course this one's not vector, but the, uh, the arcade version, it was vector on an
XY monitor and it ran on the Sega G80 arcade system.
Had some of the best lines in it, like, so a creature for my amusement, prepare for battle.
And my favorite one is, and I keep in mind, my mother was great at this game.
She played a lot of freaking space fury.
Um, but like when you, uh, win the game, basically the last thing that you get is, our battle
is concluded, warrior.
You were a stimulating opponent.
And the alien in this also appears in a video game called Zektor.
Now for the Colecovision version, of course it's sprite based.
It's, you know, really, really early video game system.
I don't know what else I can say about that.
Um, but you use the little, uh, uh, cause it had the keypad controller, so you'd actually,
uh, thrust and go with your little side shoulders and fire that the same way and, uh, move around.
It was actually kind of hard to control.
I was not good at this game, but like I said, a lot of this game happened in my house.
And you can get, you know, power ups for shooting and, you know, get extra, uh, bullets and
everything.
So it was really cool, but, it's simple.
You blow shit up, the game.
I love this game and I played it on the Colecovision actually, it was one of the games that I really
enjoyed playing.
I never had a Colecovision growing up.
Well...
I've got two, you wanna borrow one?
I'm not growing up anymore.
Oh come on, Rob, we know you're still growing up.
I am.
This is when it talked to you.
The voice is so realistic.
That's even better than Impossible Mission.
Another visitor, stay awhile, stay forever.
So that's Space Fury.
Alright, your classic game of the week this week is Space Fury.
Good pick.
Even if it's not one I'm super familiar with, it looked very interesting, so I will have
to check it out.
I think I've already done Gorf, haven't I?
I'm sure you have.
I'm sure you have.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break, guys, but don't go anywhere.
We're gonna be right back with more of Orange Launch Radio in Part B tonight.
We're gonna do some quick, quick news, including some news on what's going on with APB, Bionic
Commander Rearmed 2, we got some news on, and we're gonna get some other news stories
tonight about the Mac App Store, of course, your Twitter topics, the mailbag, and, because
Dark Sakura specifically asked for it before the show started tonight, we're gonna do a
list list tonight.
I hope you were paying attention in Part A, because it has to do with what our list list
is about.
We'll tell you all about that when we come right back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Part B of tonight's Orange Launch Radio.
It is episode number 396 for this January the 9th of 2011.
And I know we can't play the music on the break when you guys listen to this on the
podcast, but we had some music from Tron in there, just because Loki was talking about
how he wanted to go see that just one more time before it leaves the whole D-Box thing.
And I'm kind of in the same boat, except the place I need to see it is IMAX, and even though
I hear it's actually not as great on IMAX as it is in 3D, at least that was a consensus
on my Facebook post earlier this week, I still just feel like I need to see it, so I see
it once in every format.
But I guess the Blu-ray's coming out soon.
Well, not soon, but, you know, it will come out and that will be a must-have.
But Blu-rays that came out recently that I need to see, I still have not seen this movie,
can you believe it?
Inception?
I still haven't seen it, and I need to.
You do need to see that.
That is pretty awesome.
I hear it.
I've heard nothing but great things about that movie, and now that the Blu-ray's out,
I'm gonna need to see that, so.
It is absolutely something you should see.
That was something else I missed in D-Box, though that would have been a good movie in
D-Box.
Inception.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, D-Box is kind of really, really new, isn't it?
It's really, really new, yeah.
The theater out here that has it is like brand spanking new.
It's brand spanking new, and it's only in one theater, and it's only one row of seats,
so it's pretty-
It's two rows of seats in the theater I was in.
Oh.
Then maybe it is two rows.
I thought it was just one.
But yeah, it's only one theater that they have it in.
Oh, wow.
Very limited, but.
So.
It's fun, and it's one of 30 theaters that has it.
And that's, of course, the seats that move, the little motion seats that, you know.
It's fun.
It's completely unnecessary for a lot of movies.
Like the only movie I've seen in D-Box was the Resident Evil movie, and honestly, I'm
not a fan of the Resident Evil series and stuff, but that movie is so far away from
the Resident Evil game series.
It's more of like The Matrix now.
It was still pretty cool, and I think with Tron, though, just even watching Tron the
first time around, it's gonna be awesome with the D-Box stuff.
I'm really looking forward to it.
Let us know when you're going.
I even think, though, probably Wednesday during the day-
I'm glad I did the D-Box thing, but it was a little silly.
It was a little silly.
But it's cool to say you did it.
Which movie did you do it for?
Tron.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
We saw Christmas Eve.
Oh.
Did you like it?
D-Box?
Because I really liked Tron, yes, but it was a little unnecessary, and it was kind of expensive.
Don't expect to get just, like, thrown around in the seats, because that ain't happening.
I mean, you can't adjust the intensity of it, but I would compare it a little more to
like Captain EO, where the movements in the seats are very subtle.
No, I just, there was a lot of the flying stuff in there, I thought that'd be pretty
cool.
Yeah, some of it's kind of neat.
But I kind of agree, and I think we had talked about it on the show a couple weeks ago, or
maybe, I don't remember, but one of the things that kind of takes you out of the reality
of it is that it is not an IMAX screen, and your field of vision is not completely the
movie, because it's a regular-sized movie screen, and I think if the screen were a lot
bigger or you had something else in those seats to take the rest of your field of vision
away, that would make it truly amazing, I think.
Or that they have to make it like pitch pitch black in there, which they can't, you know,
that's what they do on things like Star Tours and stuff, to kind of take you out of that,
but yeah, you know, they can't do that for emergency reasons and for people who want
to leave to go to the bathroom, so yeah.
I think D-Box still has some tweaking that they need to do, but it was, you know what,
it was fun.
To save up like the eight grand or whatever, get a home unit, they have them, it's compatible
with a lot of those movies.
You know, I wouldn't invest in that again unless it was a movie like Tron where I know
I love it and I want to see it a new way, and you know, that's really it.
DefectiveCandy in our chatroom says, so a D-Box is like Honey, I Shrunk the Audience
at Disney.
No, because those chairs don't move.
The movie's a lot better, too, because Honey, I Shrunk the Audience was terrible.
Well, those seats don't move, though, in Honey, I Shrunk the Audience.
A little bit, they do a little bit.
A little bit.
And I liked that because Eric Idle is in it.
There's a part when the baby picks up the audience and does this thing and-
You gotta admit, that part was pretty cool.
Yeah, but the movie itself was dopey.
Yeah, it was.
It really outstayed its welcome.
I mean, when was the last time they made a Honey, I blank the kids?
Well, you know, I had to say because Eric Idle was in it.
I am really sad that Rick Moranis is not getting more work.
I mean, seriously.
That was by his choice, I believe.
I believe he retired to raise his children.
Okay, well, then props to him.
Once you make Strange Brew, you can retire.
That's what it is, I guess.
All right.
I still think his best movie was My Blue Heaven.
But his children have to be grown up by now.
I mean, come on, go back.
The rumor is he'll cameo in Ghostbusters 3, but we'll see.
There's lots of rumors about that movie.
That's a day one for me.
All right.
Anyhow, Twitter topics coming up very soon.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. First, we're going to get into some rapid fire news, but I also
have to give quick, quick plugs for the other shows.
Dark Sakura does a side podcast with her friends, Marin Marvel and Dan Shadow.
It's called Comic Insanity, and we have a Twitter now.
It's Comic Insanity without an I before the N.
And yes, we got a tweet from Comic Insanity tonight, so we'll read that in a little bit.
Yep.
And we, the podcast goes up every Tuesday at Infamous.net.
That's N-F-A-M-O-U-S dot net.
Or the iTunes store, I'm sure.
We are in the iTunes store.
Awesome.
And you have to listen to it.
If you're a loyal O-L-R listener, you have to listen to that, too.
And you should also listen to Hoard House.
Even if you don't play Wow, you can hear Extrovert Make Dick and Fart Jokes.
Hoard House, the best little Hoard House in Azeroth, tapes on Thursdays, typically.
We don't want to be held to that, but usually if we don't do Thursday, we'll do Friday.
So later in the week is when we do our show and we put it right up on iTunes so you folks
can grab that.
And yeah, it's a fun show.
We always have a third random guest, and Dark Soccer has made it known she wants to come
on and be that guest.
So we're gonna work her into a future episode.
Sadly won't happen this week.
We're having our gala 10th episode special this week.
A look back...
10th anniversary?
Yes.
A look back at 10 hilarious episodes of The Best Little Hoard House in Azeroth.
It'll be a good time.
And very self-serving because that's what anniversary podcasts should be.
They're making a big, big deal for our...
Like I'm telling you, the 10th episode of Hoard House is a much bigger deal than 400
episodes of OLR.
I mean, I'm sorry, but that's, that's just...
It's a joke, Dark Soccer.
It's...
Get it?
I'm eating.
All right, let's get to some rapid fire news.
I can't make weird faces at you when I'm doing chipmunk cheeks.
We don't have a website, by the way.
We're not on Infamous.net and we are not even on OrangeLawnTrader.com.
We have a blog spot and really, that's just the shell for the podcast feed.
Awesome.
So, we don't have a website right now.
Before I forget, Geek Life.
Go to geek-life.com.
We're having a comic book giveaway, so go in there and read about it.
And by the way, speaking of Geek Life, Maren Marvel, who runs that and who has filled in
for me on this very program, she was on episode 8 of Hoard House, not this week's, but last
week's episode.
She did a phenomenal job.
So if you haven't heard that episode of Hoard House, you should go listen to it.
She did a very good job.
All right, let's go and to some rapid fire news, some of the news stories that we just
didn't find the long amounts of time to talk about in other parts of the show, but we want
to talk about them anyway.
APB Reloaded, they're doing a beta for it.
How ironic, because I actually participated in the original APB beta.
But if you're interested in that, they're going to be starting to close beta in February.
The official Twitter account, APB Reloaded, has more information on that.
And apparently they're going to be having, you can sign up on the official website.
And it is of course going to be free to play when it finally launches, unlike the original
APB.
And I didn't think APB was that bad of a game.
I thought it was actually pretty cool, but unfortunately it didn't last too long.
But definitely worth checking out, especially since it's going to be free to play.
The PSP Go has been hacked, not surprisingly.
The brand new, I guess, firmware, 6.31 and 6.35, have a new homebrew enabler for them.
And using this homebrew enabler, you're actually able to load the Prometheus ISO Loader, which
for those who don't know, it loads dumps of different PSP games.
And of course the PSP game to show off your hack would be Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep,
the PSP game that does not have a digital version of it on the PlayStation Network Store,
pissing off people that own a PSP Go.
And of course, this homebrew enabler doesn't really require any sort of tricks to get it
to work, so that's not good news for Sony, but I'm sure they'll try to find a way to
patch that out.
And then finally, there's a couple games in this series that have been available on the
IOS store.
Of course the Japanese App Store, or if you have a jailbroken iPhone or iPod, you can
also find these available as well.
It's Game Dev Story, and of course there's Game Dev Story 2.
Well now there's a brand new game that they have coming out called YY the Game Dealer.
It's basically a game retail store sim.
And the Game Dealer, you assume the role of a game store boss who must manage employees
and please customers, all while balancing the stock portfolio of game development studios,
and apparently also be able to offer customers food, and shoo-way mall rats from the free
food mini-games.
That's funny.
But I guess the Game Dealer is available on the Japanese App Store right now.
That sounds like fun.
That's real life for a lot of people that listen to this show, I'm sure.
Awesome.
Alright, let's go to Rock Band and what is coming out this week in Rock Band.
They're still kicking along with new releases.
Although this is a new release, I'm going to take a big fat pass on, but maybe some
of you out there are into this.
Linkin Park Pack comes out this week, January 11th.
Crawling in the End, Numb, Somewhere I Belong, Waiting for the End, and What I've Done.
All those songs are coming out for either 160 Microsoft Points, 200 Wii Points, or $1.99
on the PlayStation Store.
You can also get some Pro Guitar or Bass expansions for the song, In the End, and What I've Done.
Again, if you like Linkin Park, that is.
If you are a fan of Elder Scrolls and you were just sitting there tapping your fingers
waiting for Skyrim to come out, well maybe now is a good time to go back and visit Morrowind.
There's a brand new mod that just came out called Morrowind 2011, Morrowind 2011 was
a mod that was released last week, and it basically makes Morrowind just even more gorgeous
than it was originally.
Because remember Morrowind, I mean it was, for the time it was awesome graphics, but
man they really kind of upped the graphics, there was a bunch of mods out there that just
made the game look beautiful.
Well here's the thing though, it was out, but then it was pulled, because I guess this
used some other mods in it, and maybe the right people didn't quite get credit for it,
when some of the original modders complained on the Bethesda forums that their work was
being used.
So the original mod was pulled, but you guys know, once it hits the internet, it's never
truly off of the internet.
The author who originally made this whole expansion, he talked about it on his blog,
which is at Morrowind2011.wordpress.com, he said quote, in the end I'm just very disappointed
that I wasn't given a chance to correct the issues with the package, as I knew there were
issues that were in the process of being fixed or updated.
But the file is out on the internet, and it will be very hard for anyone to remove it
from all the sites.
Anyhow, one other thing, and I'm very excited about this, the Facebook Civilization game.
That's right, I'm getting excited about a Facebook game, what are you going to do about
it?
Civilization World starts its alpha testing phase on January 12th.
You can go sign up for it now, but it was a little weird, because I guess you need to
have like a team name and all this other stuff, I don't know, it didn't make a lot of sense
to me when I was filling it out, and I don't know if I want to play the alpha, I'll just
wait for the open beta.
But that means this game is mere months away, so very exciting, and when you look at the
graphics for it, it looks very like chibi and cute and kind of unlike any other Civ
game we've seen yet, so it's going to be very interesting.
Civ World, again, you can sign up at 2kgames.com slash civworld slash alpha.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us?
More stuff, and some weird stuff among it, but including this weird ass mustache.
And I'll get into that.
Basically, Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 is coming out, along with an extra mustache on the dude,
and jumping!
It will be on Playstation Network on Tuesday, February 1st, it will be $15, and then the
next day it will be on Xbox Live Arcade for 1200 Microsoft points.
And there will be challenge rooms and mustache!
So yeah.
It's very Burt Reynolds, porn-stache-looking.
Anyway, there's still more Sailor Moon stuff, Rob.
Did you know that?
Sailor Moon!
Well, Sailor Moon is having a new DS game come out in Italy!
Anamco Bandai Europe is bringing the first Sailor Moon DS game, and it's the second Sailor
Moon game that's being released outside of Japan.
And it's called La Luna Splenda, which, yeah, very Sailor Moon-y.
And they're saying it's adventure, fantasy, fun, action, these are the watchwords for
next spring.
Yeah, the last Sailor Moon game that I had was on the Super Nintendo.
And trailers for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 reveal two more characters.
And one of them I saw coming, the other one I'm like, why?
Even though it is cool, don't get me wrong, it's absolutely cool.
The first one we get is Hagar from Final Fight.
And what is it, Saturday Night Slam Masters?
That game was so awesome.
I wish we could get that on Xbox Live Arcade.
He's gonna be wrasslin' his way through Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
And then Phoenix, which I'm like, why?
I think it's really why, but at the same time, very very cool with lots of Fuego, and she
freakin' has Dark Phoenix mode.
So that's really cool.
I like how the characters have multiple modes for them based on their level of, you know,
how powered up they are.
It's pretty cool.
So booyah.
This game is out, what, next month is it?
I can't remember.
Yes.
I get my release dates all mixed up.
That's gonna be exciting.
It's pretty cool.
Alright.
Well is that it for the rapid fire news?
Yarp.
Then we will get into the Twitter topics for tonight.
I'm gonna go to the tweeters, twitter.com slash o-l-r, where you show us your tweets
every Sunday night you're on this program.
Let's start off with a tweet from Comic Insanity, hmm, I didn't just hear a plug for them earlier
in the show or what have you.
It's a story about Street Fighter characters for WWE Raw versus SmackDown, which is this
trailer here, sorry for the extra music there, but I got linked to a YouTube.
I guess they have actually kind of used the editor mode to make like Ken and Vega and
Blanca, Dalsim, somebody having fun with the editor mode there.
That's kind of cute.
Oh yeah.
I like how they can get the interview with M. Bison and everything, kind of funny.
Yeah, we were talking about that on the show earlier.
Oh were you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's very well done and the moves are pretty much what you'd expect out of them.
You know, I don't really play a lot of these wrestling games, but that's pretty cool.
Dude, Dudley.
Yeah.
I like this too.
In the side, like what's recommended, it looks like there's a Felicia in one of these.
Like somebody did that.
Wow.
Big boobies on Felicia, alright anyway.
Moving on, going to SSJ100Matt on Twitter, our pal YYR will be at MAGFest in Washington
D.C. next week showing off his games.
Local listeners should stop by, MAGFest.org.
Well if you're in the Washington D.C. area and you happen to be going to MAGFest, say
hello to YYR for us because he does a lot of great indie games on the marketplace like
Snake 360 and the Shooting Gallery game and Falling.
Lots of good stuff so check that out at Ollie's booth.
Dark Tetsuya wants to relay a bit of bad news for us.
Apparently we had a BeatMania 2DX Resort Anthem machine at Roseville Golf Land.
It's been moved to Milpenis.
Bye.
That sucks.
Like did...
To hell with them.
Does that mean the whole 2DX machine's gone all together?
That blows.
F you Milpenis.
Milpenis.
Alright.
How mature of you.
I know, I'm so mature.
Tiger Claw wants to send us some links here.
Tiger Claw says Ion and Atari is teaming up for the iCade, a classic arcade machine setup
for your iPad.
Oh that's adorable, it's this cute little machine with tangible joystick and buttons
that you can put your iPad in and like play old games with.
That's cool.
I like that.
I love the fact that you can buy a, you know, I know it's a really expensive way of playing
something that you can get a million other ways, but it's still cute.
I say it was cute.
And one more tweet for us from Tiger Claw.
Microsoft confirms that Kinect PC support is coming.
Well good.
They should, as it should be, because if the modding community is so far ahead of them
it's almost a little bit embarrassing.
I mean it is coming, it already is here basically.
Well my official Kinect PC support is coming.
Steve Ballmer hinted at this support in his keynote speech there.
It is part of the company's larger plan.
Well, we certainly started out on Xbox and we're very focused in on gaming.
We're the number one game console in a lot of countries and we're very happy about that.
We're trying to do two major things though.
We're trying to move beyond gaming to include the world of socialization, movies, TV, and
music and we're trying to make the whole experience accessible to everybody in the family, not
just the traditional gamer.
So just expect this whole Kinect craze to grow, at least if Microsoft's keynote is to
be taken at face value.
Those are the tweets tonight at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Let's move into some more gaming
news.
Hey, guess what's coming up in just a little bit?
Listless!
And tonight's topic is?
Well, I'll tell you in a little bit.
We need, we're going to need somebody from the chat room to participate with us tonight,
aren't we?
We're going to need a fourth person.
We sure will.
So I better find someone quick.
I'm going to see, I have a particular person in mind.
I want to see if they want to participate.
If not, I'll open it up to anyone.
All right.
So this is kind of interesting and not too different than what they were doing.
I guess it's an improvement maybe, but THQ for homefronts, they're doing the online pass
thing again.
But this time, instead of just saying, hey, you know what, you better buy the game new
or pay the $10 and have no online play, they're saying, hey, you know what, you better buy
the game new or pay $10 or have limited online play.
They're going to allow you to play the multiplayer component of the game, however, you're only
going to be able to level up to level five versus the full game's level 75.
So kind of give you a little bit of a taste of the online portion of the game.
Of course, if you're going to want to play the online portion, you're probably going
to want to buy the game new or perhaps not rent the game.
I don't know.
It's still kind of a crappy way of doing things, but it's slightly better than not offering
any online component at all.
So now you get a demo of the online component.
That's basically what this boils down to.
That's kind of weird.
That's them combating the use sales.
But of course, I don't know if this is a game I'm particularly interested in, so we'll see.
Who knows?
It'll look cool.
All right.
Let's move on to another story here about the Mac App Store.
It is out.
It came out this week.
And guess what the number one thing that's being sold on the Mac App Store is right now?
Angry Birds.
That's right.
Angry Birds is the number one application.
Some other games are showing up in the top 10.
Of course, this changes day by day, so it might not be totally accurate, but some of
the early leaders were Flight Control HD and Chopper 2.
That's right.
Some of the same crap that you see on the iPhone and iPad is also dominating the Mac
App Store.
Now, if you don't know what the Mac App Store is, it's basically imagine Steam and Apple
kind of combined.
It's selling, I don't want to say PC games, but Mac games like for your actual Mac in
the same vein that you buy iPad and iPod stuff right now.
I think it's a great idea.
Well, it's a very logical idea that makes sense and especially because, you know, a
lot of these games are kind of cheaper this way.
Like games like Chopper 2, 99 cents.
Angry Birds, five bucks.
So I mean that's much cheaper than going into an actual store and paying 20 or even 40 bucks
for one of these.
Of course, not everything is so cheap.
I mean some programs like iMovie is 15 bucks, Aperture 80 bucks, you know, but it's a way
for them to sell, you know.
So interesting.
But what also is notable about this, hackers.
You know the old saying, hackers gonna hack.
So actually I just made up that saying.
So now we have haters gonna hate and hackers gonna hack.
Well, hackers gonna hack and they found the loophole in the Mac App Store.
They pirated Angry Birds already.
It took less than just a couple of days.
Yep, that's it.
Apparently all you have to do is like copy and paste this in-store purchase code and
yeah, you can get the games for free.
By the way, I love this.
The name of the group that hacked the games, Hackulous.
Get it?
Like Tapulous?
Well, Hackulous actually, they're responsible for the program Instalus which is what people
used to download pirated games on the iPod.
But I think, I keep thinking of like Tapulous who makes Tap Tap Revenge.
That would be fun.
Alright.
Alright, let's move on with some more stories, Dark Sakura.
Well, for Monster Hunter fans, this is actually kind of neat, actually video game companies
have been using different games to promote tourism in Japan.
My Nietzsche Daily News actually reported that Shibu Hot Springs in Nagano actually
worked with Capcom to have a Monster Hunter Portable 3 event go on because the town itself
was similar to the one used in the game.
And they had a lot of people go up, including people who said that they probably would have
never gone had there not been the Monster Hunter event.
And I've got a couple friends that live overseas who were totally into Monster Hunter and will
go to the special Capcom events and camp out outside their offices and stuff.
So, pretty crazy stuff.
Konami did something similar for Love Plus, the Atami Onsen, so they did the same thing.
And one was done, let me see if I can pronounce this right, Shakunage no Mori Botanical Park
in Mimata.
So they did something too.
That was for Kalanina Sekatsu Plus.
The reason why I was excited to hear you talk about this story is because I want to beat
the dead horse of when are we going to get a video game theme park?
Like seriously, Angry Birds is super popular.
Can't Angry Birds be a ride at a theme park now, even though I care less about the game?
Can we get Angry Birds the ride?
Can you imagine if you could go on a Mario Brothers roller coaster where as you're going
up, imagine, can you know that part of California Screamin' where it goes up, down, up, down,
up, down?
Is that my favorite part?
Yeah, a bunch of hills really fast.
What should happen is at the top of every hill on the Mario coaster, bling, bling.
Tell me they could not make an awesome theme park out of a video game.
They could do it.
I mean, I guess it would be all the licensing and so forth that would be a pain in the ass,
but still, make it happen.
They made a game in a theme park.
The Toy Story game.
Oh, that's true.
That was fun.
That Toy Story game is awesome.
And they are actually able to update it like an iPhone game or something with new levels
and things like that.
I haven't ridden it since Toy Story 3 came out, but I heard there's some newer stuff
in there.
Yeah, that was really fun.
Keep surprised.
And then the game came out.
But yeah, we could totally have a mall taken over by zombies.
Like a Dead Rising ride?
Maybe.
Perhaps.
Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.
Loki, what would you want to see in a video game theme park?
I don't know.
I mean, I don't think it's really a good idea, actually.
You don't think it's a good idea?
Why not, hater?
I guess it'd be fun to see, like, giant rabbit people dressed up as the giant rabbits or
whatever.
That'd be kind of funny.
Or just imagine booth babes everywhere.
So you're suggesting a Hooters theme park.
They have a Hooters hotel.
Why not?
They do.
It's the ugliest looking hotel I've ever seen.
Can you imagine one of those station wagons with the wood grain paneling on the outside?
Turned into a hotel.
That would be the Hooters hotel.
They have wood grain paneling on the outside of the hotel.
Why?
I don't know.
Why?
Because they're tacky.
Alright, uh, let's move on to another story.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Ah, yes.
Um, let's see.
We were talking a little bit about, um, um, some of the stuff for, uh, what was it, uh,
Skyrim actually, um, the Elder Scrolls, ah, Elder Scrolls game.
They were talking about some new stuff that's, um, available actually coming from the Game
Informer magazine.
They have a little piece on it in their new issue.
Some of the differences are going to be in this game as compared to Oblivion, for example.
Um, one is going to be the way that the game actually levels.
The player's levels are now going to be more balanced, um, because I guess actually in
the game, much like Fallout 3 and that kind of stuff, as you level up, the enemies level
up as well.
Well, in Oblivion, it got to the point where it was pretty damn impossible to be, um, able
to go up against some of the enemies because they would just be leveling up with you.
I don't like role-playing games where they level completely up with you.
I think at some point you have to be able to overpower them a little bit.
A little bit.
I do agree that it should be a difficulty setting, if something like that.
Um, anyways, they're going to have a, it's going to scale, you know, to the player's
level, but it's going to be more balanced, they're saying.
Um, it says, uh, foes will likely be easily bested by using, um, you know, some of the
new features in the game, like dual-wielding, I guess is going to be a new feature that
they're going to have.
You can equip any item or spell to either hand using both simultaneously in combat.
Um, so that's pretty cool.
Um, and then of course, uh, they were saying that, um, I guess, uh, also the leveling system,
they're saying, uh, no longer binds players to classifying by a set of skills.
It says, players can pick and choose from the game's 18 abilities, um, which level up
while using them simultaneously, unlocking perks with each level.
So it basically sounds like it's going to be Fallout.
And then they're also going to have, yeah, and then they're going to also include, uh,
new weapon crafting systems, improved character creation tools, etc.
And that's pretty cool, character creation-wise, because I believe they're, uh, their tools
are pretty impressive in Oblivion.
The only problem I found with Oblivion though, is I can create any character I want, as long
as they were butt-fucking-ugly, because that's all that that, that tool creates, is really
ugly-looking people.
You know, the Fallout one isn't much better, to be honest.
I don't know how much you've played around in Fallout 3, but, uh, a lot of the characters
are, are fugs there too.
So, sorry to say.
Uh, by the way, SolarFlare reminds me in chat room, like FF8, Rob?
Yes, exactly like that.
Alright, um, one more story for you guys, then we're going to get to List List tonight.
I'm so excited.
I haven't even told you guys the topic.
I think it's a fun topic tonight, but if you were paying attention earlier in the show,
we dropped a hint.
Yep.
So maybe you figured it out.
And I finally got a guest for us, and it's an exciting guest that we haven't had on the
show in a while.
Yep.
So, uh, we'll get to that in a minute.
Uh, want to go to this story about EA pulling the plug on some old games.
That's right, the servers are getting shut down for some old games, because that fee
you pay to use Xbox Live, well, it doesn't pay to keep old shit running.
Now, the good news is, most of this stuff is old sports games.
You know, games that have been replaced with newer versions.
For example, NCAA Basketball, 08 and 09, gone.
NCAA Football, 07, 08, 09 in 2010, gone, at least the 2010 version on the PS2, specifically.
NHL 08 and 09, they're out as well.
So it's mostly old sports games.
It also impacts series like Madden, Fight Night Round 3, FIFA, some of those games.
But they weren't the only ones impacted.
If you're a fan of the Lord of the Rings, the Battle for Middle Earth, 1 or 2 on PC,
those servers are gone.
Closing next week, Battle for Middle Earth 2 on Xbox 360, as well as the Rise of the
Witch King, which I guess was the expansion.
Not the Lich King, guys, the Witch King.
There's a difference.
Also, closing on January 17th, The Sims Carnival.
So if you were a Sims Carnival fan, but there must not have been that many of you, because
EA's shutting the server down, you will not be able to play anymore after January 17th.
And there's this contingent out there going, there was a Sims Carnival?
Exactly.
Now, February 8th is when most of the sports games are scheduled to close.
To be honest, this is nothing new.
You know, it's always a bummer when it's games that aren't really sports games that upgrade
every year, but, you know, it's kind of inevitable.
And again, they feel like they can pull the plug because you're not playing them.
But for those people that game on a budget and buy old games used, because, you know,
you can get, like, last year's sports games super cheap.
For a song.
I know.
It's super cheap.
So, you know, budget gamers, that's a huge way they can kind of do it.
Unfortunately, they don't get that same perk.
Oh, well, what can you do?
Guess what it's time for, guys?
Party!
Big American Party!
It's time for Listless tonight, boys and girls.
I'm so excited.
We haven't done one of these in a while.
The way Listless works, we are going to be forming the definitive list.
And there is no arguing once this list is complete.
This is a very scientific method.
And it involves you guys in our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
We're going to bring in a fourth person to play along with us tonight.
Let's get him on the line.
I'll dumb down the music here while we give our friend a call.
Now hopefully it works, because that would be a little embarrassing if it didn't work.
But sometimes, you know, live show and connections can be a little bit spotty.
Hello!
Hi!
Hi!
Is this Breslul?
It usually is.
Oh, lord, hang up, Rob.
Long time no talk, my friend, how are you?
I'm kidding, kidding.
Happy New Year, Dark Sakura.
Jeez.
I'm kidding.
Heart, heart, heart, heart.
What are your New Year's resolutions, Breslul?
It doesn't matter.
I've broken them all already.
I did my first episode of USL, so those are all out the window.
Congratulations.
If you don't know Breslul, not only has he guessed it on the show a little bit in the
past.
Not so much lately, though, sadly.
But that's because he's too busy doing another show.
He's big time now, a host on Under Sedation Live, which is Saturday nights on the All
Games Network.
And with Iguana Girl, who's been on this show as well, Jessica Harper, Travis Donovan, who
I'm afraid to have on this show.
Oh, but Rob's never been on Under Sedation Live, has he?
That's where I grew up.
That was my old stomping grounds.
Apparently, this is our 10th year doing it, and we didn't even realize it.
Wow.
And here I was talking about OLR celebrating the 400th episode.
But you know, USL is taking a lot of breaks.
I don't even know if they've gotten up to 400.
I hate to say it, DMN.
I don't know.
Whoa, hey.
Blast from the past there.
Oh, sorry, Breslul.
Because I'm looking at...
Never mind.
I don't want to say, but I'm looking at something and it still says the old name.
DDRFreak?
No.
Yes, I'm reading DDRFreak still.
I was just looking at all the porn posts today.
All right.
Hey, I wanted to have you on specifically to talk about USL madness.
Yes.
We extended the deadline because not a lot of people submitted.
Basically, what you do is you get a list of your 25 most favorite video games of all time.
They can be as far back as Atari 2600 and television, and they can be as modern as Xbox
360, PS3, PC.
They can even be your favorite arcade games.
We actually have had one nomination for Skee-Ball, believe it or not.
Okay.
Yeah.
Good choice, actually.
Skee-Ball's pretty awesome.
But basically, what you do is you get that list together, order it from one to 25, one
being Super Metroid, 25 being Minecraft or something.
I like how you told everybody what to make their number ones.
Your number one, you're just going to put Super Metroid next to it because otherwise
you're crazy.
Yeah.
Then you submit those to uslmadness at gmail.com.
Voting, actually, we extended it a week.
It closes tonight at midnight Pacific, which is, if you're listening live, less than four
hours from now.
All right, procrastinators, I expect the live listeners to get cracking.
Do you accept partial lists?
What if somebody's like, I can't get to 25, but I've got 10, would you take that?
I will do that, but those games won't get as good consideration as if you do a full
list.
So then you need to just throw in some bullshit, like Mappy, throw in... I was trying to get
Dark Soccer.
Elevator action!
What's that?
Some people have thrown out Minecraft, and Minecraft's currently in the top 30.
Wow.
Yeah.
Minecraft's in the top 30, Pac-Man's in the top 30, Fallout might get a one seed this
year.
Wow.
That's how nuts it is.
Nice.
Now, DDR Dollar Bill's in the chat room saying, fuck Minecraft.
So DDR Dollar Bill, that means you better get your list in so you can bump Minecraft
down a little bit.
Yeah.
And then we will announce the brackets sometime this coming week.
All right, uslmadness at gmail.com.
Super Metroid's a one seed, right?
No.
What?
It's a two seed right now.
What?
Yeah, I know.
This whole contest is a sham.
I know your listeners are insane.
I'm not sure which.
All right, you ready to play listless with us tonight?
I am.
I actually have a list ready of something that I don't know anything about.
All right.
So here we go.
Because I don't tell you the topics in advance.
That would never happen in the magic of radio.
All right.
Let's tell the listeners already what the topic is.
All right.
If you were listening in part A, I said pay attention when Loki did the story about THQ
and Mattel are entering a game deal, which means we might get a Masters of the Universe
video game.
So we thought, you know what we should do?
Let's talk about toys that we think ought to be video games because, you know, if we
limited it to just Mattel, I don't know what's Mattel and what's not, like Barbie's Mattel,
right?
I don't know.
So we're going to just say toys in general, board games, whatever, anything you can find
in the toy aisle at Target or Walmart or Toys R Us, I should say is fair game, except for
like diapers.
Like I don't think they should make a video game out of diapers.
So if you guys have diapers on your list, please remove them.
It has to be an actual marketed toy item.
Yes, it needs to be a toy.
So Babies R Us items don't count.
All right, everybody.
Now chat room, here's what you guys need to do.
You need to start suggesting things in our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com because
if one of the hosts ends up duplicating something, we usually turn to chat to figure out how
to fill in the gaps there.
Also the chat plays a very important part in this because what's going to happen, we're
going to go around and everybody's going to name their top three, myself, Loki Dark Sakura
and Bresloh will each name their top three.
Then each of us will go around and take one item off of the list.
Something will not be worthy of the list.
That will leave us with a list of eight and you guys in our chat room vote to come up
with a definitive list of three.
I know that sounds really complicated you guys, but that's why it's a scientific process.
Science is hard y'all.
All right.
Be careful guys.
We're about to try science.
She blinded me with science.
All right, let's get into the list.
Why don't we start tonight?
How about Loki?
I don't know how often you start in listless, but tonight you're starting this listless.
What toy ought to be a video game?
This is a terrible, terrible answer, but I'm going to do it anyways because it's simple.
It's simple.
Ball.
Ball.
Ball.
Okay.
Tell us how the game ball works.
Really can be anything.
You see balls are very versatile toys.
You can play whatever games you want with them.
Ball.
Press A to bounce.
It'd be like one of those reverse sandbox games or something.
It's Minecraft, but with balls.
I can see the commercial now.
Come play with our balls.
All right.
I'll go next.
My number three choice.
My number three choice for game or toy they should make into a game.
Cooking Mama's Easy Bake Oven.
That was on my list and I removed it, Rob.
All right.
So Cooking Mama.
Wouldn't that be in the reverse though?
What do you mean?
They're like kind of making a video game into a toy.
The toys already existed ever since I was a little girl.
The Easy Bake Ovens have been around forever and now Cooking Mama is going to take that
old toy and she's going to make fine cuisine with nothing but a light bulb.
But no.
Don't worry, Bresl.
Mama will fix it.
All right.
Oh God.
You won't ever be eating poop in Cooking Mama's Easy Bake Oven.
You might be eating mud pies though because I don't know.
Haven't they made Pooping Mama yet?
There's Babysitting Mama where you have to change poopy diapers.
I mean, you mean shake the baby?
I mean, hi.
All right.
So Dark Sakura, what is your number three answer?
Toy that ought to be a game.
The erector set level building game.
We have to build the whole thing out of erector sets and then you run your little guy through
the erector set.
Okay.
Oh, it's kind of like a Lego game, but not because it's an erector set.
Kind of a little big planet.
Only you build the whole thing out of erector sets.
Wow.
All right.
Well, screw chat.
They're not given the answers that come on the show.
You are, Bresl.
It doesn't matter if chat took them.
Here's my throwaway choice then.
All right.
Fine.
Homies.
Oh God.
Little homies.
Those little toys.
The homies.
Oh no.
Yeah.
I haven't seen those in forever.
You want to hear something ironic?
There was a little homies game.
Was there?
Yes, there was.
Wow.
Well, they need to do a better one.
What would the homies game be Bresl?
I don't know.
Saints Road 3.
It was a kart racing game is what it was.
Oh God.
Screw that.
They need to do it again.
All right.
I love some of the choices that are coming out in chat, by the way.
All right.
Number two pick.
Loki, who brought us ball.
What is your number two pick for Toy They Oughta Make Into a Video Game?
If you say top, I'm coming down to Sacramento and punching you.
The same what?
Top.
Top.
No one plays at tops.
No.
Strag.
No.
No.
My next one.
I don't know if anyone remembers these, but they used to have these giant sets you could
get called Marble Mat.
It was Domino Rally.
Fuck yes.
Domino Rally.
Domino Rally was awesome.
Now granted, I know that they have a game called Domino Rally, Mr. Domino, but that's
a different thing.
No.
Fuck Mr. Domino.
I know it's tight.
You're talking about dominoes that do loop-de-loops and all the crazy stunts, right?
Yes.
All right.
Yeah.
I support you there.
You can build levels out of dominoes.
Yeah.
Awesome.
I like that pick.
Domino Rally is Logie's number two pick.
I like that.
My number two pick tonight, Light Bright Dance Dance Revolution.
Because I can think of no better way to rave than with Light Bright.
Use your Light Bright to throw sweet rave parties.
Exactly.
Sandstorm is already a confirmed song in Light Bright DDR, just so you all know.
Oh God.
It'd be awesome and you know it.
It'd be rave and the kids would be getting high and playing their Light Bright DDR.
All right.
Dark Sakura, what is your number two choice for Toy They Oughta Make a Video Game?
Bratz Doom.
As in they're all the monsters and you have to go around shooting them with the BFG.
Bratz in Doom.
Bratz Doom.
Bratz Doom.
Shoot the Bratz.
All right.
I like that.
Would the final level have Paula Abdul because she was involved with a movie.
Or no, wait.
She got fired from the movie, I think.
Dude, you have to be a special kind of stupid to get fired from the Bratz movie.
Or a special kind of high.
Wall Drugs.
All right.
Loki.
What is your...
I'm sorry.
Not Loki.
Bresloh.
So you guys are so the same.
It's hard to tell you guys apart.
One of you is sitting right here.
All right.
Bresloh, what is your number two choice for Toy They Oughta Make a Video Game?
I really hope one of you three have heard of this board game, but I'm going to say Dominion.
Haven't heard of it.
What the hell is Dominion?
It's basically a kind of reverse magic where you start out with a deck and there's a set
of cards out and you pay money to buy cards and then use them later.
It's kind of like Settlers of Catanesh.
It's fun.
And they should make it into an Xbox Live Arcade game.
So Dominion.
All right.
I'll take your word for it.
All right.
Cool story, bro.
All right.
Loki.
Cool story, bro.
What's your number one...
Wait.
What's your number one call?
Cooking Mama's Easy Bake Oven, Erector Set, Level Building Game, Homies, Domino Rally,
Light Bright DDR, Bratz Doom, and Dominion.
Loki, what is your number one pick?
I'll take your Bratz Doom and I'll raise you Dead Rising Mole Madness.
That's great.
That's great.
Not only do you have to fight off zombies, but you also have to find good deals on clothing
and other couture.
I really should have put that...
What's that dating game called?
I really should have put that on my list and I didn't.
Girl Talk?
Girl Talk.
Actually, they have this really shitty looking game that I've seen at Target.
It's something about like...
It's called like Oops, That's the Truth or something.
What the hell is this game called?
It's some type of like weird party game that they're selling as an Xbox 360 game.
Oh, um...
Somebody's had to have heard of this.
No, I know what you're talking about.
It's the Truth or Lies?
Yes, that game.
No, it's called Truth or Bargain Bit, actually.
Exactly, very soon.
Alright, my number one pick.
I picked a serious one just like Bresll did for his last one.
My serious number one answer, Millborn on Xbox Live Arcade.
That would be pretty badass too.
Millborn is like the best French card game ever made.
It might be the only French card game ever made, but damn it, it's awesome.
So Millborn, and if you have...
The whole point of that game is to fuck your buddy.
That's the whole point of the game.
Awesome.
I just gave us the explicit tag.
Thank you very much.
Good night, everybody.
You're welcome.
That's why you're on this show tonight, to make sure we earn the explicit rating.
So if you've never played Millborn, it's kind of like a racing game that you do at cards,
and Bresll is right.
You fuck your friends by puncturing their tires, getting them pulled over, making the
green lights turn red.
It's awesome.
I love Millborn.
Alright.
It's good.
Let's see.
Where are we going to next?
How about Dark Soccer?
What's your number one answer?
My Little Pony Deathmatch.
I think it should be...
Like they bite and get rabies and stuff.
I think it should be like Derby Owners Club, but with My Little Pony where you can whip
the horses when they're bad.
And whichever one is last gets shot.
Michael Vick presents My Little Pony Deathmatch.
Okay.
How about we call it...
Here's the name.
My Little...
Death Race My Little Pony.
Alright.
And if you pre-order now, we'll give you a year's supply of Elmer's Glue.
I was thinking that.
Alright.
Death Race My Little Pony is Dark Soccer's number one answer.
Dark Soccer, I'm noticing a trend here.
I think you have some anger issues.
Somebody's homicidal tonight.
Alright.
Hello, what is your number one answer?
This was mentioned in the chat, and this is basically pong on crack in board game form.
Crossfire.
Oh shit, I remember the commercials for those.
That's the one where you have like all those steel balls, right?
Yeah.
And you shoot...
My mother would never buy me that when I was growing up.
She was a bitch.
My mom wouldn't buy me that either.
Alright.
I love my mom.
There was a pimple table that used that same thing called Hyper Ball.
Really?
Crossfire was awesome.
All the little boys wanted one.
Probably some of the girls, too.
I bet Dark Soccer wanted Crossfire, too.
Yeah, my mom wouldn't get it for me.
Ah.
But she got it for my brothers.
Go figure.
Our parents were all mean.
Loki, did your parents buy you Crossfire?
I didn't want it, but I got to play it, and it was fun.
Not pointless.
One moment.
Shoot a bunch of balls at this other thing with a ball in the middle.
You alright, Bresloh?
Bresloh needed to put the show on hold for a minute so he could tend to some business.
BRB, poopin'.
Alright, well here's the list of sustains right now.
Ball, Cooking Mama's Easy Bake Oven, Erector Set Level Building Game, Homies, Domino Rally,
Light Bright DDR, Bratz Doom, Dominion, Dead Rising Mall Madness, Millborn Xbox Live Arcade,
Death Race My Little Pony, and Crossfire.
This is hard.
We have to eliminate some of these from the list.
I don't know if I can.
Alright, but we got, that's how it works.
So Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Homies.
It's already got a game in it, it's crap.
Homies is gone.
Bresloh's back from his poop.
Welcome back.
Alright.
Let's see, my turn.
This is hard.
I don't want to eliminate any of these.
I'm sorry, I hate to do this because I know the chatters probably love this one.
I've got to eliminate ball because I just don't get it.
What is the game?
That sounds like a tech demo to me, so I'm sorry.
Ball has been stricken from the list.
Dark Sakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Only for lack of familiarity, Dominion.
Aww.
Poor Bresloh got two of them yanked from the list, but that's okay, Bresloh, because you're
obviously not going to eliminate your own, so you get at least one on there.
Bresloh, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to eliminate Crossfire, I mean Cooking Mama Easy Bake Oven.
Aww.
Why are you eliminating Cooking Mama Easy Bake Oven?
Because only on the guarantee that my Xbox will spit out delicious treats, which I don't
think that technology is quite there yet.
Not yet, not until we get the holodeck and how it makes food and everything.
All right, so here's the list that our chatters are going to vote on.
You're going to vote for your number one and number two pick, and you're going to send
them over a private message to Skye in the chat room.
Please label your number one and your number two choices, or I'm going to assume what you
list first is number one and what you list second is number two.
So here is the...
You all right Bresloh?
You need a minute?
All right, so here is the list as it stands right now.
Erector Set Level Building Game, Domino Rally, Light Bright DDR, Bratz Doom, Dead Rising
Mall Madness, Millborn Xbox Live Arcade, Death Race My Little Pony, and Crossfire.
Chatters, it's now in your hands to come up with a definitive list of the top three toys
that need to be video games.
And while you're at it, Bresloh, repeat the March Madness email.
I will do that.
It is uslmadnessatgmail.com.
You have about three and a half hours to get those submissions in if you're listening on
the podcast.
I'm sorry, the expiration has gone past, but we will have voting up probably by the time
you're listening to this.
And I noticed that somebody in studio just sent you an email.
I think I already did one before, but I did it again just to be safe.
I don't think I got one from you, but I'm assuming that it now rides with Woklockera,
so...
You might be right, actually.
All right.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Thank you so much for playing our dumb little game tonight, Bresloh.
We really appreciate it.
Best of luck with uslmadness and everything that goes on at Understation Live.
Tell the others we said hi.
Tell Iguana Girl I'd like to go see another D-Box movie with her at some point and have
Pink Bird.
Okay.
All right.
One more thing?
Yes?
Yeah.
You hung up.
Ass.
Dude.
You ass.
They have Ninja Legos now.
Place your vote, by the way.
Right now.
Send your number one and your number two choices.
You have until the end of the mailbag segment to get those votes in, and I'll tell you a
spoiler.
There's not a lot of emails tonight, so hurry, hurry, hurry.
But let's see what is in the email bag.
We're going to open it up right now, folks.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to send us your emails every week.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Soccer is going to jump in the mailbag head first and pull out some of her favorite
emails for you all.
How about the one email we got?
One email?
Holy shit.
It's a big in, though.
You better get those votes in now.
Well, it actually is from Rababa, picking apart an Ars Technica story about Nintendo
warning about the 3D for young gamers.
So I'm going to read the email as is.
First they claim that eye growth as literally translated may be harmed according to a warning
statement for the 3DS.
They state that it isn't about actual growth, but rather perception.
The concern is that the portions of our visual system that reside in the brain are adaptive.
They adjust to information we receive and can remap connections in order to operate
more efficiently on a typical input.
This is especially true in infants as the visual system is still developing at the earliest
stages of life.
Which is true.
Babies can't see much of anything for the first few weeks, except blurs.
This ability to rewire our visual system on the fly is behind the 3D health concerns.
I actually don't know if what they state is true, but it does seem made up to me.
I wish it said according to this article in the Lancet or the like.
I wish it...
And I find it odd that they forget about the common eye disorder, lazy eye, where muscles
in one eye don't grow, causing a seemingly cross eye.
This treatment is remarkably simple, wearing an eye patch to exercise the weaker eye.
I always assumed the warning was for conditions like lazy eye.
What do you think?
Also, isn't the warning more about what we don't know about simulated 3D effects?
I'm sure that there will also be warnings to stop using 3D if you develop nausea or
headache.
Either way, it must be better than the red-blue 3D.
Later, Ra-ba-ba.
Sigh and magenta.
You know, and I think we got into this a little bit last week on the show with the disclaimer,
but you know, I think it's just Nintendo kind of overcompensating a little bit, where it's
just that we live in a soo-happy society.
They're covering their ass.
Yeah, and I think a kid would have to play these games for a very long time.
But I'll admit, when I was playing the 3DS, I did feel that little pull on my eyes.
But you know, when it got to me, I just would turn the slider off.
So it's really about just kind of knowing your limits, I suppose, and knowing when to
turn that off.
Now, I guess a child wouldn't really know their limits, but that's why parents have
to supervise you guys.
So I don't know, I don't know what else to say on that.
Anything else for that email?
DarkSagra?
Nope.
Wow.
Alright.
I'm still tallying cage match votes.
Well...
Listless votes?
Sorry, that's what I meant.
Listless votes.
Cage matches for after.
Yeah, sorry.
My bad.
Listless votes.
I'm still tabulating right now.
And two of these have very similar names that I keep mistaking.
See, I just gave one a vote that I shouldn't have, because it was a vote for Death Race,
not Dead Rising.
Dead!
Alright.
This is the very, very last call.
If you don't get those votes in now, they may not count, because we have to move into
the FUs of the week.
It's the part of the show where we get angsty.
FU to my hip.
For hurting like a motherfucker all week.
And keeping me from doing fun things.
However, I have leveled quite a bit in World of Warcraft, and FU did that too.
Loki?
Um, FU to my shoulder.
I must have slept on it weird or something last night, because it's been hurting the
hell out of me today, so that really sucks.
Are you sure that your child hasn't learned how to climb out of the crib and come chew
on your shoulder?
No.
He tried to eat my nose last night, though, so it's possible.
All babies are always sticking things in their mouths.
I don't know if you saw the picture on Facebook Nellie posted.
That picture was great.
It was like some de- he just like all of a sudden started attacking my nose, it was funny.
It's something!
Bite!
These babies are cute.
Until they get three and decide to jump on you and break your back.
And then they're still cute.
Yeah, the way that I hurt my hip is catching Becky's son Julian, because now he's falling
with style on top of people.
Like in Toy Story, anyway.
All right, my FU of the week goes to, um, people that are always negative all the time.
People that just live in this negative little world with their negative little comments,
they never have anything good to say.
Geez, Rob, you're complaining a lot.
Shut up!
That was negative, too!
No, but I'm serious.
It's like, I just say there's, there's certain fun things that I like to do and the amount
of negativity surrounding them is starting to suck the fun out of it.
And it really is.
It's nothing any of you are involved with, don't worry about it.
So it's kind of one of those things where I'm like starting to get to my wits end and
it's kind of like I, I might have to give it up because it's not fun anymore.
I get it.
It's a bummer.
It's nothing to do with podcasting, y'all.
Don't start rumors.
Or Warcraft.
So it's just frustrating.
Yeah.
Anyhow, drama.
There's always drama somewheres, but let's, let's make things a little bit happier and
get into the listless results.
Yay!
Results of tonight's listless.
This is it.
This is the definitive list.
You guys, Oh, we've got a late vote.
I almost would not let this count.
However, I don't think it's going to change the final result here.
No, it does not.
All right.
The top three, and this is it guys.
There is no disputing.
These are the three games you want to see them make out of toys.
Number three tonight, and it was a close one.
Number three tonight was death race.
My little pony.
Yay.
We want those ponies to fight to the death.
Your number two pick for game you most want to see them make out of an old toy, Crossfire.
That's going to be interesting.
I don't know how that would be a video game.
You should find the commercial for Crossfire, Rob.
Didn't it have like a catchy little theme song to it?
I think it did.
Hold on.
Let me put that in and chat.
Let me see if I can YouTube it real quick.
Here.
Hold on.
It was retarded and funny at the same time and it like had this like red and blue background.
Hold on.
Hold on kids.
Here we go.
Coming soon to a video game store near you.
The ultimate challenge, Crossfire.
I found one of those at a thrift store.
God, the eighties were amazing.
Rob, with the label on it, missing balls.
It was like a year ago.
This game has no balls.
All right.
And the number one game or sorry, number one toy you most want to see turned into a game.
Come on.
You guys know our audience.
What is it?
Light, bright DDR.
Yay.
Everyone get out the E in the sandstorm.
Everyone rave.
Coming soon.
Hugs.
Everybody hugs.
Hugs.
I made some candy cause you're my friend.
You guys let's hug.
Can we cuddle?
And then there's the make out room.
No, it's the, it's the cuddle room.
It's not the make out room.
Oh, you know, that's what it's going to turn into.
Did you ever go to like, I want to say you went to one, like I still remember we both
went to one or something.
No, I went to a roller skate rave and really, well we got permission to.
We rented, this is in Alabama, mind you, we rented a roller rink and my roommate at the
time DJ'd the whole thing and it was like, like the, the dance music of that day, like
Psychosonic and Tracy Lords and Moby and all of that cause you know Tracy Lords did her
stint as a DJ.
I love Tracy Lords.
I'm not even going to lie.
Oh yeah.
Um, you know, and a sunscreen and all of those, you know, uh, mid nineties dance music and
there was activities going on in the outside cause we couldn't do anything inside the rink.
Sorry, we needed a soundtrack to this, but we had people in various states of intoxication
on roller skates.
It was amazing.
Loki, did you ever go to a rave when you were younger?
Um, no, but I had to clean up a rave and that's not, not much fun.
Apparently they, they got the good idea to, um, host a rave at the Cuzar and most people,
I guess there was an orgy on the T-MEC machine and there was also an orgy on the, uh, hard
driving machine, I think.
The nap machine.
Anyways so they had that, but people started having an orgy in the hard drive and I don't
know.
I wasn't there.
Um, but anyways, see people were paying money to go inside the arena.
They weren't even really playing laser tag.
They were just staring at the colors from all the black lights.
So uh, yeah, I missed out on that unfortunately, but I got to come in and clean it up afterwards
and that sucked.
How exciting for you.
I went to, I went to two raves.
I had a really good friend of mine when I was younger was really into the whole rave
thing and one of them was kind of dumb.
Like I didn't have a good time at that rave.
It was, it was like a house that was like a recording studio that whatever.
Keep in mind y'all, I went to school in Chico, California, which is like party central.
Like everything you've read about, about Chico being a party school.
Totally true.
So uh, yeah, so that rave was kind of dopey, but the other one was like an outdoor kind
of thing.
I don't even know where it was cause I wasn't watching where we were driving and I had a
lot of fun.
I have to, I'm not going to lie.
I had a lot, you know, for being like the E for being 20 I didn't do any of that.
And actually everybody really respected my wishes to not get into doing to any of that.
But um, I'm not going to lie.
Um, there was this guy who I think might've had some of the substances was really hot
and we just made out all night.
Like I didn't, I didn't need nothing to get me in the mood.
I'm like, you're hot.
That's drug enough for me.
Oh Rob.
So that was the day.
And then actually I kissed a girl at that same wave.
I know because she's okay.
This has nothing to do with games, but I don't even care.
This is funny.
She took this book or she had this book of everybody she'd ever made out with was in
this book.
And uh, she was on page 67 and I said, I want to be page 69 in your book.
Like I have to like, this is my new goal.
I want to be page 69 in your book.
And she's like, well, I'll make out with you, but I have to have 68 first.
So I was like, you make out with her.
And so she made out with this random guy and then made out with me.
And then, uh, I was number 69 and then this is so terrible.
You guys don't do this at home.
Then we decided we were all three going to kiss and that's when I got introduced to three
way kissing, which is really weird.
Yeah, it's, it's, there's certain things I can't say with my husband and the other.
So that was my, um, raving experience.
So it was a good time, you know, I've, I've just done the wrong and silly and you know
what it was.
It wasn't sex.
It was just kissing.
I've done the roller rave.
Yeah.
The roller rave was fun cause I drank a lot of beer and I can roller skate drunk.
Alrighty, let's move on.
Do not drink and roller skate.
It is a bigger disaster than drinking and driving.
Let's try to get back into some actual video game news.
I don't know.
Unless Loki wants to talk about three way kissing.
I don't know, but I have no experience in that I'm afraid.
Well then I guess we'll have to go back to video game news.
I guess we're going to have to, um, so there was concern with, uh, harmonics being sold
by, uh, MTV, you know, who was going to buy them, you know, was it going to be Activision?
God, let's hope it's not Activision, but, uh, ironically enough, no one ever thought
harmonics may buy harmonics and that's what happened.
Um, apparently our harmonics, um, they've been purchased and they have a investment
group.
Uh, Columbus Nova also, um, took part in that.
They purchased them for $49 and 99 cents plus whatever debt they had.
So, um, apparently they're going to, um, you know, take on their debts and stuff.
But, uh, harmonics will assume, uh, responsibility over its liabilities and also, um, includes,
um, music rights, fees, and responsibilities for lots of unsold games and equipment sitting
on warehouse shelves.
Also, they're going to be able to, um, keep the rights to Rock Band and Dent Central.
And, um, we'll have control over those franchises.
So that's kind of cool.
And Viacom's not doing too bad out of it.
Apparently the sale will reportedly net Viacom $150 million in tax benefits and, uh, you
know, considering it spent $175 million to buy the company in the first place, that's
not bad.
Wow.
So they're going to, uh, write off essentially on their taxes this year, Viacom, or I mean,
I, uh, harmonics.
Viacom will write them off.
Wow.
Crazy.
I just hope that they can get the backing that they'll need to keep up, uh, with, you
know, production and licensing and everything.
Where's the commercial on YouTube that's all QVC style where you can buy a video game publishing
company for $49.99 and the chicks who have no idea what they're talking about trying
to explain it.
Have you ever watched them sell video games on QVC?
It makes my brain hurt.
It's so awesomely bad.
I don't watch TV, Rob.
Oh my God.
That should be a segment on our show.
I just watch Supernatural.
We're hard up for new segments on our show.
We need to start doing like QVC selling video games because it's, it's hilarious how bad
they are.
This game is called Shock Troopers and I think it's about getting electrocuted in the jungle
while you're shooting guns.
Yeah.
This is a really fun game for the whole family.
And this game is called Resident Evil.
It's not bloody at all.
There's no zombies.
For you auto aficionados out here, Grand Theft Auto is perfect for you.
It has lots of cars in it and hookers.
I want to see really quick.
Do they have any on YouTube?
Hold on.
You know they've got everything on YouTube, Rob.
You're not going to have a problem.
Although if you don't find anything, I will be surprised.
And there was the one, the guy who broke the TV with the Wiimote on QVC.
Really?
That was pretty funny.
Um, QVC Phineas and Ferb motion video game.
Phineas and Ferb is awesome.
I don't, this isn't actually a clip from QVC though.
I don't know.
Sadly I don't.
Good chat room.
You need to find me one so I can play it here on the show.
Okay.
We got one more story for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the, uh, uh, 877 number 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Ooh, actually I need to make sure that, uh, the 800 number is still working because, uh,
it actually may have ran out tonight and I forgot to recharge it.
So you may only be able to get us on Skype tonight at OrangeLoungeRadio, but I'll try
in a minute here.
Uh, first off though, we've got to get to news about the new Silent Hill.
There's a new Silent Hill game coming and it's called, not Silent Hill 8, it's called
Silent Hill Downpour.
Yep.
That's the new name of the game, Silent Hill Downpour.
There's new information about this game in the latest Game Informer.
Apparently the town is huge and you're going to use a subway system to get from one parts
of the town to another.
There's going to be a never before seen Southeastern side of Silent Hill.
There is no hospitals or schools in that area.
Hmm.
So they're trying something new.
Uh, there will be optional side quests apparently in the game as well.
Uh, combat will be from more like the earlier Silent Hill games.
You can avoid a lot of encounters and it's advised to avoid encounters.
You can only carry one melee weapon at a time, such as an axe.
The enemies are very hard to kill, the weapons break easily.
The only fights you have to do in the game are boss battles.
Water is going to be an essential part of the game.
Uh, there's apparently a room in the game that has upside down running water on the
ceiling.
Uh, puzzles will be back to scaling difficulty levels so you can have easy puzzles or super
hard puzzles.
So that's kind of cool because it sounds like they're going back to their roots a little
bit.
But it sounds like they're mixing a little bit of old Silent Hill with open world quest
driven games like, I don't know, Warcraft, Borderlands, that type of thing.
So that's, um, kind of neat, I got to say.
So, uh, looking forward to trying that.
Hopefully that'll be at E3.
Are you excited for that game at all, Dark Sakura?
I was looking at the stuff for it, and I think that it's got some interesting stuff to it,
so I might play it.
But if it's anything at all like, um, whatever the Shattered Memories was, then no.
Act Definite on our chatroom says Silent Hill Downhill, more like it.
Wham wham wham wham.
So is that like the last game except they're replacing the snow with lots of rain?
I would have to give it a try.
I would have to give it a chance.
I'd have to give the other ones a chance, I'd have to give this a chance.
Because I mean, Silent Hill, you know.
DDR Dollar Bill says Silent Hill Signs Edition.
I do like the idea of having the open universe.
So maybe.
Me too.
Maybe that will be the redeeming factor.
Who knows.
What do you most want to see in a new Silent Hill game?
Do you think they ought to just go back to Silent Hill 2?
I want to see it produced by Konami in Japan.
That's what I most want to see.
That's what it needs, is to be back, they need to beg Yamaoka to come back, and they
need to just get it back done the way they were doing them before.
They were doing them well.
Why did they screw up?
They shouldn't have ever sent the franchise to the US.
I mean as far as to be developed in the US.
That's what I'm saying.
It doesn't have the same feel anymore.
Alright.
We are going to open up the Skype line right now at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
It does look like the number is working, but the message I think is broken.
So if you call, you're not going to get that little, you've reached Orange Lounge Radio
message line.
I don't, it's some generic thing right now.
So we'll look at that after the show, why that's going on.
But otherwise, you can give us a call right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or of course our username
on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Now there is a bit of delay between live and when the folks can actually start calling,
so I'll ask Loki real quick if there's any last minute stories.
Yes, there's some new stuff developing on the 3D side of the PlayStation Network.
Apparently they're going to start offering some 3D movies available on their service.
And one of those 3D movies is, yes, the 3D swimsuit video via, I believe, Sports Illustrated.
So you will be able to get 3D boobs on the PlayStation 3.
Not quite porn, but hey, whatever.
It's Cinemax style porn.
Yes.
And then, I don't know if you've seen this yet, Rob.
This is kind of scary.
Another Kinect hack, some guy has actually programmed the Kinect to allow him to play
around with the figure of Ivy from Soul Calibur with boob physics.
Well, lack of boob physics, but, you know, Soul Calibur boob physics.
So he can move around with her boobs bouncing around.
Gay boob simulations.
All right, we got a call coming in, so let's go to that real quick.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
It's DDR Dollar Bill.
DDR Dollar Bill.
How are you doing, my friend?
Yeah, I'm doing all right, man.
Doing all right.
All right.
What's on your mind?
Pretty much, I was trying to send an email out to you guys, but I was trying to do it
with the website, but I kept getting rejected.
So I figured, let me just call up and explain what's going on.
Weird.
I don't know why the website's rejecting.
But, you know, the website had some major issues last week.
I guess some people started spamming our photo feed.
I missed it.
I totally missed this.
Like, actdeft and dekeman took care of it when I wasn't listening, or watching, I should
say.
But I guess, like, people were putting, like, weird, like, porno things in the picture feed.
And you know, I threatened to pull the plug before if that shit starts happening.
However, I realize there's no one that actually listens to this show's fault, but we have
to keep an eye on that now.
So some of the things with the website might have got tweaked because of that.
Anyhow, what's on your mind?
Um, pretty much, this is probably going to be the year that I'm going to really just
stop gaming.
Video gaming.
What?
Why is that?
Well, the other day, a couple days ago, I was going to, I was just listening to some
old Nintendo games, like some music, you know, the NSF files, the emulators.
And I was just going back, like, what are some of the best things I remember about games?
And quite honestly, today's games don't have any excitement to it.
There's, there's nothing really exciting about playing them anymore.
There's no games that get you excited anymore?
What type, okay, let me ask you this.
What type of old Nintendo games did you like?
Ah, some memories, let's see.
I actually loved the original Ninja Gaiden, for example, the trilogy.
Okay.
I loved that, um, Blaster Master was another popular one.
I agree, that new Blaster Master game they made a little while ago wasn't nearly as good
as the old one.
Really unfortunate.
Ooh, I haven't tried that yet.
But yeah, like, um, and what was another one I tried?
I mean, I can go to Genesis games, like, Phantasy Star 2, for example, it was just, those, those
things that have, you know, they gave me great memories, you know, they made me want to play
it through, no matter how bullshit hard it got, you know, they were just fantastic, like,
those games.
And recently, no game really has actually grabbed my attention.
Maybe just one, but one out of, how many games get released a year, that's a bad number.
Out of curiosity, what's the one game that grabbed your attention?
Red Dead Redemption.
Okay, well that was a pretty solid game.
Interesting.
And you know what, you seem to really like exploring in games, because a lot of those
games you name, they all have to do something like you explore, and you find new things
as you go through the world, especially something like Red Dead Redemption is, is a lot about,
like, exploration.
So it sounds like these kind of, like, open world games might kind of be your thing, I
don't know, I'm just kind of guessing.
But what about, like, new games that kind of call back that retro style, and I mean
things like Bionic Commando Rearmed, we talked about earlier in the show, has a new release
coming out.
Super Meat Boy, awesome throwback to retro games.
No interest there?
Oh, okay, from, okay, for Bionic Commando Rearmed, I loved that.
I, it's like, that event, I eventually beat it, and it was like, it was a satisfying experience.
I really loved it.
Especially since I loved Bionic Commando since the Arcade Edition, which most people are
going to be like, there was an arcade?
I seem to recall one, I do, and not even just the Pay Choice 10 one, I think there was actually
like a, I seem to recall what you're talking about.
Yeah, like that one.
Super Meat Boy is actually very, very interesting case.
It's, I tried a demo of it, and I liked it, but at the same time, my thoughts were, do
I really want to go through the harder levels for reward that I'm not going to really enjoy?
I mean, you know, it's like, am I going to play this difficult game for the sake of it
being difficult, or am I going to play it because I actually enjoy it?
You know, I see a comment in our chat room, and I think this is a darn good piece of advice
for you, and Azam in our chat room says, someone get this man a near lethal dose of indie gaming
stat.
Maybe you're just fed up with what's in the mainstream in a lot of those games that, you
know, cost $60 to find out a game sucks.
Have you thought about turning to the indie side of things a little bit, maybe exploring
a little more what Steam or the Xbox Live indie arcades have on it?
Ah, that's another good point you guys bring up.
You are, that's another point I was going to bring up because, yes, I've actually turned
to indie gaming, and I can tell you one other game that actually really caught my interest,
and I didn't really mention this, and again, I'm remembering.
Amnesia, have you ever heard of it?
Yes, I have.
I have heard of Amnesia.
Scariest fucking game I ever played in my life.
Yeah, I hear it's great.
I haven't played it myself yet, but I hear it's really scary.
So yeah, I mean, that's a great indie game.
I've heard, we've heard a lot, we had somebody on the show last week talking about VVVVV
being their game of the year.
I mean, Super Meat Boy of sorts is an indie game as well.
There's a lot of these indie packs that are available on Steam.
I don't know, you know, it's not as cheap now as they were at Christmas time, but things
where you can get like, you know, kind of like a sampling of different types of games.
Pretty cheap.
The Humble Indie Bundle was out recently.
You know, maybe there's more to look for in there, where you don't feel like you're getting
as shafted with the money you're spending.
Especially when it's like you can't replay much demos these days.
Absolutely.
You know.
Well, DDR Dollar Bill, I hope you find something to kind of change your mind a little bit.
You know, there's so many types of games out there, but maybe it's just not gonna be a
AAA game from the developer, but at the same time, you liked Red Dead Redemption.
So I wouldn't look away completely from what the mainstream's doing, because they'll be
more like Red Dead soon, trust me.
Yeah, I guess it's just the start of the year, so I'll give it a chance.
That's true.
I think it'll be okay.
Alright, DDR Dollar Bill, we gotta let you go to get some more calls, but thanks for
giving us a call.
Good topic.
No problem.
Alright, take care, guys.
Later, guys.
Later.
Alright, good call.
Let's go to another one.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio.
What's up, guys?
This is Taijudo.
Taijudo.
What's on your mind, buddy?
No, no.
Just before I go into it, I wanna talk about, I just wanted to recommend a game.
Well, not actually a game, but what you guys were doing earlier, where you're combining
toys and games.
Yeah, yeah.
What's that?
How about a chase in the real warriors with the burnout engine?
Dude, sweet!
I like that.
And I'm kinda surprised we didn't get something in that whole racing game theme, because there
was so much good racing stuff.
You know, I did consider for a moment a Power Wheels racing game.
I did.
That thought did cross my mind, but I like your idea a lot, so.
Yeah, don't forget about Mask.
That was also great.
I don't know about the cartoon, but the toys were great.
But onto what I was gonna talk about, I don't know if there's still any people out there
that were interested in the agency MMO that was supposed to come out like eons ago.
Yeah, whatever happened to that?
You guys remember this game?
You've been following this?
It's supposed to still, supposedly it's still in development.
I mean, I doubt that.
I mean, it's been a long time since you've heard anything from it, but according to a
lot of sources, they're all saying that the game's still coming out on PlayStation 3 and
the PC, supposedly the PC before the PS3.
But I don't know, that's kinda shaky, but I do have some good news for people who may
be still interested in that game.
What's up?
There's a Facebook app made by the developers of that game that you can actually play now.
It's kinda like Mafia Wars, you know, the whole text-based type deal.
But it's a lot of fun.
The presentation is really great, and I'm enjoying it.
Awesome.
So have they nailed a release window for this yet, or does it need to go through the extensive
testing first?
That I don't know.
I mean, you guys can look that up.
As far as I know, they're reworking the game.
They weren't satisfied with what they originally had, the stuff that they were showing at E3,
and they're supposedly, like, rebuilding a whole other type of game, because for whatever
their reasons are, they weren't happy with it.
You know what, that's okay to go back and retool it, because I don't want them to release
a bunch of crap.
Because look at what happened with Final Fantasy XIV.
They didn't really test that thoroughly enough, and when they released it, it ended up being
kind of hit with a thud, and now they're going to have to rework the game while it's out,
and now it's kind of done, you know what I mean?
So I just hope they didn't take out the feature where there was supposed to be some feature
where you could actually play the game through your cell phone, like you're supposed to take
on these little, I guess you would call them micro-agents, and they were supposed to build
cards and gadgets for you, and you were supposed to be able to manage that through your cell
phone somehow.
And I thought that was a great idea.
I like the fact that they were taking MMO in another direction, so hopefully they're
not coming out with just something like APB where you're just running and gunning, and
it'll hold a lot of BS.
I really like that idea of kind of like interacting with the cell phones more and other types
of things like that.
I think that's a really kind of good use of...
Whoa!
Ah!
Sorry about that.
Somebody sent me a YouTube link.
I brought it up a little soon.
Sorry.
That totally threw me.
Way to go!
You're dead here.
I know, gosh.
All right, sorry about that.
But that's kind of the way games like Warcraft and so forth are going, where they're fully
interactive with all these different types of platforms, like the mobile phones and everything.
Yeah, I think that's the way to go.
Like I said, I don't know if you remember what I called last week, and I'm all about
game innovation, and I kind of agree with your previous caller that games need to be
a little more innovative.
I mean, I'm not going to quit gaming anytime soon, but they do need to come out with something
more than just Call of Duty and all the other bullshit that they're coming out with.
I want something...
I want them to really take advantage of what we have now.
We have like motion control crap.
We have HD crap.
I mean, there's just so much that they can do with it.
I mean, I know that it's a whole money management thing, and there's a memory thing, and there's
a lot of balancing things that you have to do with the games, but I know that they can
do a lot better than what they're doing now.
They can at least try.
It's just BS that's coming up.
Alright.
Well, we'll be keeping an eye on this game.
It does appear that they're still targeting the second half of 2011 for this, but it'll
be done when it's done, darn it.
Yeah, and oh, that name of the app is the Agency Covert Ops.
Look for that on Facebook.
That's the name of it.
That is available on Facebook?
And it looks like it's been up since May of last year, missions, minigames, and sharing
achievements with Facebook friends.
Look at that.
Alright, thanks buddy.
Thank you so much for the call.
Alright, goodnight everyone.
Later.
Alright, let's go ahead and take one more call here on the Skype line tonight, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Again, that's 877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki, do you have any more last minute stories for us while we wait for that call?
Yeah.
There's actually some other cool stuff.
Some stuff coming out of CES.
They're talking a little bit about Avatar Connect, which is gonna be kind of a new chat
method that you can use to actually, you know, chat with people, you know, recognize facial
expressions and stuff like that.
So kind of mapping your voice to your avatar, which is kind of neat, and that'll be available
for gold numbers later this spring.
You'll use it once and then the thrill will be over, but I do like the idea like you can
like publish it to Facebook and stuff.
I'll bet you we're gonna start seeing podcasts recorded like this.
We should do an episode of OLR like this, like a bonus episode of OLR.
That would be funny.
That would be kind of funny.
That's like the one thing we have to do and then that'll be it.
And the other thing, I don't know if this pissed you off, Rob, they're talking about
bringing Game Room to the Windows Phone 7.
That wouldn't piss me off unless they're gonna charge us all over again for everything.
Probably.
Now I'm pissed!
And then also they're gonna be adding on to Windows Phone 7 Fable Queen Golf.
And I believe they're also bringing in that poker game as well.
So.
Alright.
Interesting.
Anything else for last minute stories tonight?
Turbografx Games coming to the PlayStation Network.
So you can play games that, like Keith Courage, that weren't very good.
Yeah, these are from Hudson.
Don't get me started.
Alien Crush, Bomberman 94, Box Adventure.
Some of them were good.
Yeah.
Some of them were good.
Dungeon Explorer, New Adventure Islands, Soldier Blades, Super Star Soldier, Victory Run, World
Sports Competition, and Nootopia.
Alright, I gotta call waiting, so let's-
Nootopia is a great game and it's a lot like Zelda.
Let me go to the phones.
I think you've done, haven't you done it as a classic game of the week?
I think I have done Nootopia.
Let me go to the phones, cause I got somebody waiting.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawn's Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hey, X-Link, what's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, nothing much.
You know, sometimes games and stuff, sometimes, I can understand the other color a while back.
I mean, there's been times when I step back from playing video games for a while, because
you know, you get burned out.
You play stuff, you know, you think a lot of stuff comes out, it's the same thing, it's,
you know, you know, I take a few days off, maybe read some books, you know, they come
back and do something else.
But you know, I'm sure there's something out there for a little bit for everyone, and yeah,
and as I was telling you earlier, they should make Millie Born into another PC game if they,
I mean, I know there was one a long time ago, but I think they should make that into another
one.
They do need to make another one.
I have a indie app on my iTouch that I bought from the store that was 99 cents, that was
kind of the card game, but though it's not the official version, but it plays the same
way, which is really cool.
You know, I like playing all kinds of different stuff, role playing, card games, you know,
games like Super Meat Boy, Nick's Quest was another good one I had played for a bit, you
know, first-person shooters.
So when I get bored of one thing, I kind of switch it around to another thing, so that
way I don't get too burnt out on playing one genre of a certain game.
That's not bad advice at all, and especially, you know, with thanks to the magic of emulators,
or I'm sorry, Virtual Console, you know, you can have a variety of different games, you
know, especially the old school stuff, you know, because that's what our listeners seem
to enjoy, that you can go back and forth to.
You know, one odd suggestion maybe I would have for that listener, and maybe this is
one of those things where I'll get laughed out of the room, but maybe that person should
try an MMO?
Maybe if games were a little more social, I don't know, like, for me, like WoW being
the big social thing it is, kind of keeps me, is what keeps me coming back to that game,
but at the same time...
And there's a lot of free ones, too, there's, I mean, I used to play, before I played WoW,
I played a Persona one that they had that was totally free, so I mean, you know, you
don't have to really pay to play, so to speak, you know, there's a lot of free stuff out
there, it's just, you know, it might be another niche, or, you know, something else totally
different out there.
You know, I don't think there's anything wrong, though, with the advice of, you know, if you
think you're bored of video games, take a break, there's nothing wrong with it, you
don't have to game every single day, I'm not gonna think any less of you, none of us will,
you know?
That's not true, but that's alright.
Stop.
Go watch some movies, or catch up on TV shows, go read a book, go start another project,
and then maybe you'll find that game that wants to bring you back.
And, you know, it's kind of interesting, too, when you're talking about this whole, you
know, we're, you know, about being lazy and stuff, it's because mostly we get technology,
our technology has grown so rapidly, so quickly, and it's so easy to access a lot of different
stuff so quickly, like, why do I need to go to the library to check out a book?
I can go online and buy the book straight from Amazon and get it right here in my own
living room, or why do you have to, you know, it's just, unfortunately, with technology
that, you know, there's always pros and cons to everything, and unfortunately, a pro thing
is it's quicker and easier, but a con is, too, is that we don't do as much as we used
to, and it's like, we get to a point in society now, it's like, we want things almost virtually
handed to us, because we're like, well, we can get this this way, why can't we do this?
I've got to admit, I've bought a book on my iPhone before, and one of the reasons I kind
of like that sort of technology is that I have the book with me everywhere I go in case
I'm ever bored, and that way I'm not carrying around a bulky book, you know?
That's kind of the one, like, really advantage I like of having it on there.
But I do also understand, you know, there's really no substitute for an old, dusty book.
Yeah.
So, I mean, but, you know, I still read books.
I have plenty of books on my shelf that I read that's actual, physical books.
I mean, you know, not everything is an e-book, it's clearly my strategy guides, I mean, I
have a lot of limited edition strategy guides that I like to have, just for, you know, collector's
editions, just for, you know, to have on my shelf, because I like looking at them.
So I mean, you know, so I mean, there's, it's kind of funny when you're saying that, because
it brought me back to the whole thing back when I was taking technology in class in high
school, and we're talking about, you know, because of all these pros, there's going to
be con, you know, like fast food, and movies, and now we got books, and video games, and,
you know, we don't have to do as much as we used to, to get what we want.
It's okay, I press a few buttons, or click on a few things, and boom, there it is, so.
Boom there it is.
That's, that's definitely the culture we live in now.
All right, X-Link, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for
the call, as always.
As always.
All right.
How proud are you of Jamie, and her level 63?
I'm very proud of her.
30 levels in one week, Jesus, I can't do anything more, you might get explicit for it.
Yeah, but, yeah, damn, that's all I'm gonna say, damn, I couldn't believe that, 30 levels
in almost a week, I, that was just amazing, that, that really, congratulations.
Thank you, and, and thank you as well for the gift.
Okay, any time.
You know, I don't, I don't want to start stuff.
Please do not read into what I'm about to say the wrong way, because I have nothing
but respect for other independent podcasters and other indie shows, but there's another
Warcraft show on this network, and I enjoy the show, it's a great show, I listen to it
almost every week, but the guy on that show, I think he's been level 51 for, like, four
years or something like that, and, you know, I, play a game how you want to play a game,
that's fine, but just, for you to blow through 30 levels in a week just kind of made me laugh
a little bit, because I'm just kind of like, man, I know other people that are just, like,
they've been, they, they don't even do a level a month.
I'm still gonna see if it's possible for me to make 85 before classes start next week.
Well, what, it took me to get, it almost took me a year to get to 80, but that's only because
I was only playing a few times a week, and, and I was just doing it a few, few hours a
day, and, but then again, how was I get to 82, Rob, again, when I got Cata?
Archaeology whoring.
That's right, there we go, non-stop, so, yeah, that was a lot of fun.
You guys are gonna have to show me the ropes, but, the one thing, though, is that, and this
is, I think, what chased me off before, is the whole feeling like I'm being forced to
play with people, you know?
Just do whatever you want to do, like I said before, you had to open the invitation to
our raids on Wednesday, and if you want to, that's fine, if you don't, you know, there's
no right or wrong.
Well, no, I understand that, I've just, I've, I've been getting the, oh, the, the whole
game experience is when you're playing with, doing, you know, the dungeon thing with a
lot of people, and I'm like, I've been enjoying playing by myself, I like playing with one
or two people.
Really quickly, and I'm not, I'm not gonna say too much on this, because I know people
are gonna get shut off, but just like, oh, shit, they're talking about WoW, um, Rob invited
me to WoW a year ago, and when I started playing, I thought for sure that it's gonna be kind
of like, oh, I'm like, okay, Rob's gonna show me ropes, and I'm gonna do all this stuff,
and this is gonna be great, and blah, blah, blah, and I know Rob had his own thing, he
was really busy with work and whatnot, I, I mean, Rob testified, there was times when
I had to play with him, but for the most part, between me getting to one and 80, was, other
than the help from another guild leader of ours, um, who will remain nameless, that I
did 90% of that stuff on my own, I, I, I went through, I, I, I went through all the pug,
the pugging stuff, through the, the dungeons, and everything else, but for the most part,
I did non-stop questing from day one, from day one when I started to, when I got to,
like, 80, um, among a few odds and ends and PVP and whatnot, but, um, but yeah, I had
a lot of fun playing by myself, and that's one of the few games I can actually say, you
can play by yourself and have a lot of fun doing it, and you don't really need that,
that whole, that whole, oh, I need to play with six of my friends in order to get this
done.
And you need to play with your friends, too, that's what keeps me in WoW, is raiding.
Definitely, definitely, by far.
So, alright, well, anyhow, I gotta let you go before we have Horde House to spin off
here, but thank you so much for, uh, your call, okay, buddy?
Any time, any time for me.
Later.
I think, uh, pretty soon, I think, especially, like, when you hit, like, about maybe, like,
level 70 or so, we're gonna have to, well, maybe soon, we'll have to run you into some
dungeons and, uh, show you the ropes in dungeons.
I just wanna basically learn how to play with other people so that if I decide that I wanna
be social, that I'm not gonna kill everybody.
Yeah.
I have a problem of accidentally casting my area of effect.
The dark side of pug groups is that they're not always noob-friendly, and, you know, they
expect that you know everything, and you may not, and that's very unfortunate, but anyway,
let's move on.
I don't wanna get too far into WoW talk.
Uh, alright, that's gonna do it, though, for the Skypline tonight.
Thank you guys so much for, uh, your calls, really appreciate it.
Uh, if you didn't get through, send us an email, mailbag at orangeliontrader.com or
a tweet at twitter.com slash o-l-r, there's plenty of ways to interact with our program.
There's also the live chat room every week.
Alright, uh, that, however, is going to bring us to the end of another episode of Orange
Lounge Radio.
We're all done here.
Uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Uh, actually, first I should ask Loki if there's any other last minute stories.
I don't think-
I'm done.
Oh, you're done?
Alright, well then let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Uh, DarkSakura, what's your final thought tonight?
85 by Wednesday.
Good luck.
Not 85, I meant 65.
Oh yeah, you can do it.
65 by tomorrow?
Yeah.
I don't know your schedule.
Maybe.
Just made 63.
Alright.
Loki, what's your final thought?
Um, I don't know, Tron.
My final thought is, Shermie, Shermie, Shermie, Shermie, Sherie, Sherie, Sherie, Sherie, Sherie,
Shermie, Sherie, Sherie.
Yeah, she just came waddling out.
That's right, now she's just sitting there waiting to poop.
Hey, babycakes.
Alright.
Can I say something to everybody?
Let's talk about the tester.
I don't think Shermie is very talkative.
Shermie's like, what the hell is that?
Get that out of my face.
No comment.
Alright.
Uh, thank you guys so much for downloading our show and listening to us.
We really appreciate your support.
Remember, if you like what you heard, we don't make any money off of this show.
All we ask is that you tell, uh, one or two people about the show.
Help us spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio, especially as we approach our 400th episode
next month.
I can't believe it.
Thank you guys again.
Have a wonderful week.
We'll see you next week.
I'm going to be back here to do it all again with a three day weekend, by the way, for
me next week.
So, you never know what antics might, if I could get a ride home somehow, uh, we, you
never know.
You can sleep on the couch.
You never know what antics might happen.
You can sleep in the vault.
Do you want to do a drunk show next week that bad?
Will you drink?
I know he won't.
He can't.
He's got to be responsible daddy, but will you?
Maybe, maybe I will.
Okay.
I, because it's been that long, I will get nice and toasty on air for listeners if I
can figure out a ride home or something.
Okay.
So maybe I'll, I'll see if somebody can drive me to the show.
We'll see.
Okay.
All right.
So lots to look forward to next week.
We have to warn Dan.
Yeah.
Warn Dan.
Good night everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on the show are on the screen right now.
If you have any questions or comments, please let us know.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
We'd love to hear from you.
