Former PlayStation executive Sean Layden says that the console power arms race has plateaued.
As quoted by Video Games Chronicle, Sean states, If you're playing your game and sunlight is coming through your window onto your TV, you're not seeing any ray tracing.
It has to be super optimal.
You have to have an 8K monitor in a dark room to see these things.
Are details you can't see worth the higher power requirements?
This is the Prognostication Intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, James Somerson, Loki, to tell you more about what he said in the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Well, hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are here to talk about video games, video gaming, gamer lifestyle, all that good stuff.
Myself, Rob Roberts, here with you as always, and my co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hey.
Hello, hello.
How are you?
are you dressed irritated is your vtuber oh well i want to get into that but i also want to ask is your vtuber dressed in an aperture laboratories outfit like portal or something yes like shelly yes it is a chill costume that's it i love it because i have to have costumes i think last year i did uh one of the ada wong outfits so we'll see what costume i do next time who knows
I love it.
It is that time of year for costumes.
Love it.
I know you have a rant in you.
I want to get to it, but I don't want to make Techmaster Loki wait.
So I want to say hi, Loki.
How are you?
Hello, pretty good.
I am so curious what this is playing behind you as we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
And you've got some very... Is this like MineCon or something that's playing behind you?
No, no, no.
So this is the new... I don't even know if it's open yet, but this is the Minecraft experience.
It's a villager rescue.
It's a live...
experience that they put together in Dallas, Texas where you go and you play in these physical rooms that are projected with stuff and you interact with everything on the walls I don't want to talk too much about people who aren't here but a streamer I watch I'm almost positive was saying something about going on the road soon to be behind the scenes type of work at that event so that's kind of funny I forgot that was a thing until now you're saying I'm like oh it actually looks really neat though
yeah it looks pretty cool apparently the whole game is like built in Unreal Engine and stuff and you know based off of like some of the stuff I've watched you know it looks pretty involved so it'd be fun apparently it's going on the road at some point but right now it's in Dallas I ain't flying out there for that but it's still cool you drive to SF for it San Francisco right or maybe even LA maybe I would go to that in San Francisco
It looks better.
Yeah, I know.
I would go to that in San Francisco too.
I'm not even the Minecraft fan, Loki.
I think, DarkSakura, you and I just need to shove Loki in a burlap sack and take him to San Francisco for like an unbirthday present or something if this thing shows up in San Francisco because I'm like, I actually want to go.
This looks kind of fun.
Rob, are you suggesting that we have a team building?
A team building event?
A team building event.
so that'd be a lot more fun than what like my work wants to do for team building my work for team building they're like hey you know how you like work your remote what if we just didn't do that for three days three days that's right three days um and and for our team building we're just gonna have meetings and we're gonna work in the office and uh that's it fun it's like
You just don't get it, do you?
When people voted whether they wanted to work in the office or not, there was one person who was like, I miss everybody, I want to go in the office, and that person quit.
Nobody wants to work in the office.
It's only us that are local to the main office that are so lucky to participate in this.
Everybody else gets a pass because they're actually further out remote.
My work just went to a hybrid thing.
I'm going to refrain from comment on this because there's an element of this that touches my job and I don't like to cross the stream, so to speak.
But I will say as far as team building goes, I have gotten to in the past do an escape room with my team members.
And that's actually a lot of fun.
But the funny thing is my like our ultra competitive sides all come out.
It's really funny because I learned that I'm not the only hyper-competitive person in my workplace.
There are plenty of other people.
I worry if anybody ever suggests we do Survivor or something really cutthroat for a team-building event.
I think I'm going to sit this one out because this is going to be dangerous.
I will be fired if we do this as a team-building event.
And see, I like cooperative stuff.
I don't like competitive stuff.
I like cooperative stuff.
And the escape room is cooperative, to be fair.
The only hyper-competitiveness is against the puzzle.
So it's fine.
Yeah.
Um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I kind of missed it.
We got rid of the FUs of the Week some time ago because gaming culture is unfortunately angry enough.
But once in a while, once in a while, there's something that necessitates a special revival of the FUs of the Week segment.
So, DarkSakura, by all means, do you have an FU of the Week you'd like to give out?
I do.
And it is to my experience on Dead by Daylight as of late.
And I'm not specifically saying that it's for behavior or G-Force or whatever.
I'm saying it's toward my experience because I'm sure that there are things that are out of people's hands, but there's been just things that have been distasteful to me.
I think distasteful is a good way to phrase it, right?
I think I need more to drink also before I go on this, but anyway.
So, after the update that happened on last Tuesday, that's the 8th, isn't it?
Every time I load into a match with my friends, so I will henceforth be referring to this as a SWIFT or survive with friends.
As soon as we get past loading perks, my game freezes and boots me out.
Granted, I play on the GeForce experience.
I pay for the highest tier and the best of all of the stuff, so I get a great experience.
I'm using Steam in GeForce to play Dead by Daylight.
Okay, there's the thing.
I play on a Mac Studio 64-bit M2 Ultra.
So my machine is no slouch.
All right, we're going to be now going back to the situation.
So this has been happening.
And me, being a tech person, I have gone through so many different ways.
Like, I've tried it with...
SoloQ, I've tried Killer, I've tried Custom Matches, I've done this and that.
I can play Killer, sometimes it still boots me out.
I could not do SoloQ at all for a while, and then I was able to do SoloQ for a little bit.
You know, it still is problematic.
I have gone through and checked that the appropriate...
ports necessary for GeForce are open, and they are.
I have gone through all of my network utilities.
I have changed nothing.
My connection with GeForce is probably double what their recommended settings are.
I have come out exceptional in all things.
So I started off with behavior and I said, this is what's going on.
I cannot give you logs.
I play through this method.
I have VODs of this happening.
I have screenshots.
I have timestamps because again, I'm a tech.
Okay.
and and so I went through all the things like okay well we consider this this closed you go talk to GeForce now and I was like and first of all I also made sure no VPNs no nothing and I I also want to take a step aside that if anyone tries to give me tech support please bear with me if I get irritated at it because it's what I do I've done everything trust me
I know my computer.
And PC Advice as a little bearing for a Mac.
So to be clear, you did turn it off and then on again.
Rob.
I had to.
I had to.
Come on.
Several times.
Okay.
Yes.
Anyway.
Oh, I even went so far as to go into my activity monitor and disable all of the background elements related to GeForce and then completely reboot it in system.
So yeah.
Anyway, anyway, anyway.
So...
Things started to work for a little bit and then it just went right back to it again.
And then I got another error this time for their anti-cheat that they use.
What is it called again that they use?
Easy anti-cheat?
I got an error this time that popped up that said that it detected something and that it crashed because of that.
I saved that screenshot.
So they're like, I'm sorry the issue came back while you're playing.
In this case, I'll ask you to kindly reach out to GeForce, blah, blah, blah.
We consider this closed, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
So I said...
I don't consider this solved.
All of my other games connected perfectly to GeForce on my Steam accounts.
The issue has been isolated to Dead by Daylight only.
I'm not going to go into where I work.
I understand the back end quite a bit.
What I don't understand is if all other multiplayer experiences work in other games using both Steam and GeForce, why would Dead by Daylight be the outlier and then specifically in Swift Matches?
Secondly, this came about with the update from 10.8.24.
Third, GeForce reported no connection issues.
Fourth, the last error I received was specific to easy anti-cheat.
I have screenshots and timestamps if it helps.
I would like my case to be escalated.
I did, however, go through GeForce as well and let them know all of the things.
And finally, I did get a reply from Behavior that says, we'll be investigating this to the best of our abilities.
We are going to be, you know, essentially, they're escalating the case.
We're paying attention to you.
Congrats.
GeForce is doing the same thing.
And yes, Ranma, I know you do.
I knew you would feel it.
And I feel it.
I work on the side that escalates this shit.
I gather the logs.
I do the stuff.
That's why I need to do all this shit to try to make their jobs as easy as I could.
I respect what my fellow techs do.
And I also
I do understand that sometimes it's easy to say, oh, well, it can't be this, it has to be this, when you do not put aside any aspect of it just in case.
The answer to this isn't in my book.
Right.
So, and for me, like, what I'll even do is, like, even if I know something, you know, in my heart, in my gut, just isn't necessarily the right thing, I will still do the escalation to check with the people who know the coding better than I do to check that for me and be a thousand percent positive that I am not just dismissing this.
Out of hand, you know?
It also seems obvious to me.
You've been playing, streaming Dead by Daylight without issue all this time.
You didn't change anything on your end.
It was the update.
Yeah, the update.
A patch goes out by Dead by Daylight, and then all of a sudden it's broken.
A patch, by the way, which made major changes to surviving, right?
Because it has the whole, the mores that happen at the end automatically now and all this stuff, right?
So there's very clearly changes happening.
And I was getting booted out of the occasional killer match on top of it.
I could do a kill your friends match.
I could not be a survivor in a custom match with my friends.
I mean, it seems pretty obvious to me that the problem is this patch.
and specifically the way it's working with uh with uh specific networking like when you've got multiple people going into one instead of just a mass queue right so um
I'm following the channels.
I'm doing all the things.
I can play Dead by Daylight on stream with some difficulty.
My friends have been great.
They've been hanging out in my chat while I play killer matches and everything.
And I've had fun doing Kill Your Friends.
I can certainly do a few things to gather other content for other things.
But it is very frustrating.
and I mean and I flat out was like I hate to be that person but I've spent a lot of money on this game okay I spent a lot of money on the services I have been pretty hardcore loyal since I started you know and to have this happen you know
And I've been, you know, I've been pretty, pretty upfront too.
It's like, I will be discussing this in, in, you know, on my podcast, on my, on my forums, on my social media, all of it.
I'm going to be public about this because, you know, I'm not going to be like a, you know, a stupid Karen about it, but I am going to be a concerned person that wants to get my, what I'm paying for, you know, and keep...
The question I have is that you can't be the only person on planet Earth using GeForce Now to play Dead by Daylight or that wouldn't be in there.
So I'm kind of curious, where are the other people maybe having issues?
I've seen a few reports here and there.
Okay, because I'm like...
We're not really a major market.
Isn't GeForce now something that has a free tier?
I still don't remember I've used it in the past.
It does.
It's like an hour that you get to play.
It's ridiculous and not very good.
I wonder if I should try to log in and see if Dead by Daylight works.
Or file a ticket and help.
I'll file a ticket too.
But the thing is that you would need to do a Swift match to test it specifically the way that I'm doing it.
And you are on a PC.
Yeah.
That's it.
I'm on a Mac.
But on top of that, like, I have... I have a Mac.
Yeah, but your Mac won't run it very well.
I can tell you that right now.
Even though it's cloud?
I thought because it was cloud.
Oh, well.
No, no, because you still have to have the RAM allocation to run other stuff.
All right.
But at any rate, well, and add another thing on there.
Now, I noticed that my Wi-Fi was on and I normally play hardwired.
So I switched my Wi-Fi off and switched to hardwire.
And oh, yay, a match worked.
And then I played on stream and no, it didn't.
So I was like, the fuck, man.
So, yeah.
PodCulture, you could probably get away with it.
It depends on your RAM.
Your processor isn't going to be as... If you've got 16 or more, you should be able to test it just fine.
I was playing on an M1 Mac before, and now Dan has that Mac, and I'm playing on an M2 Mac.
It's M2 Ultra, M2 Pro.
I have to look again.
But my Mac Studio is more than capable of it.
And I would also like to throw in that there is that pop-up that happened with the easy anti-cheat.
I'm saving every screenshot and every piece of documentation.
Just because, you know, I've learned in my line of business that this is what you need to do when you're dealing with shit like this.
So it sounds like the anti-cheat might also be
Part of the problem.
Like somehow the way the patch interfaces the anti-cheat.
And you know what?
If it wasn't for their anti-cheat, I could play with whiskey.
which I've gone over what Whiskey is before for anyone who knows Linux and Mac OS and Unix systems Wine is a Windows sort of emulator for applications and this uses a combination of the game porting kit built into Mac OS and Wine to play games I played, well I mean now since it's out of beta
Um, they, uh, what's the word I was gonna say?
Um, I can talk about it.
So, I could run Project T, no problem.
I can play What the Fog, no problem.
I can play Hooked on You, no problem.
Um, well, yeah, it is an emulator, exactly, Bobby.
Um, but, um...
I would say almost more like a virtual environment simulator, emulator, blah blah blah and so I also want to point out and this is a rewind back they did ask the question can you simulate this can you play on another device and I was like I have no other device in which to play this I do not own a PC that is functional right now I don't play on console what's the point
I have my working copy of the game.
I don't need to be able to play it on anything else.
So I was flat out up front.
Now maybe it might be worth it for me to get a PS4 version or something cheap and test it out.
I don't know.
That's a no, you shouldn't have to.
I shouldn't have to pay anything to do that.
It reminds me of when my Final Fantasy was broken.
It had the sound issues and I did end up having to go buy it.
It was right when Endwalker came out and I knew it was related to that and I had to end up buying the PS4 version of the game just so I could finish the freaking story before all the spoilers hit the internet and that was really annoying.
I'm sure I can find the PS4 version.
And I think now that they have the cross-play enabled... Yeah, you'll have everything.
You will.
Yeah, I can bring all my stuff back.
But I hate playing Dead by Daylight with a controller.
Yeah, I get it.
I'm a keyboard mouse person.
I know how I play.
Maybe I can actually look behind me when I run.
You know?
But still.
So that's what I've been dealing with with Dead by Daylight.
And that's why my streams have been, for anyone who is watching, have been named what they are.
I'm playing a lot more Palia lately.
So it's frustrating for me because...
I see some of the same, and this is now going into a little bit more about being tech support and working in tech support and having that knowledge is that we kind of do have a tendency to dismiss the layperson or to assume that anyone who is messaging us is a layperson, especially in games, I've noticed.
And I think the best thing...
and this is now why like here out usually when I do have to open a ticket or call in for something I specify I work in tech and this is where I work
And typically when they find out where I work, they're like, oh shit, okay, we know you know what you're doing, right?
Well, it's also, I feel very Comcast when I used to call them because the internet was down.
Yes, I've turned it off and on again.
Yes, I've done, like, it's the same thing.
Oh no, all I have to do is tell them where I work and they escalate me.
I don't have any more, so.
I'm still with them, but we got a great... We're on Gigabit here.
But anyway, so the big thing is that it's all going to be the channels you take.
You have to know, when you are on the consumer side, you have to understand that...
Elimination, narrowing it down to the right item, will point you in the direction of the channel that you need to go to.
Now, I did do both channels.
It could very well be related to both items working in tandem.
So that's why I accepted to contact GeForce as well as continue my work with Behavior Tech Support.
I've also sent them like five different misspellings and grammatical corrections to make in Dead by Daylight stuff.
So...
Oh yeah, some of the cosmetic descriptions are just like completely poorly written.
Like bad grammar, bad spelling, all of that.
You don't put out a... Yeah.
Anyway.
Anyway.
But yeah, that's what I'm dealing with right now.
Alright, well, sorry to hear it, but that is kind of interesting.
And I think to kind of the point you made at the end there, I think is worth kind of revisiting and kind of underscoring a little bit.
That sometimes we kind of write off
A lot of these concerns pretty quickly, especially in the gaming space, so that we make assumptions that the person on the other end of the line doesn't know what they're talking about, type of thing.
Like, there often is an assumption there.
And you're right, that happens a lot in the gaming space, too.
And so I think it's, I think it's just, I don't know if there's, like, something we sit here and say, we gotta do it, but we gotta do it.
But it's like, knowing is half the battle, as G.I.
Joe said.
Now you know, and knowing is half the battle.
Yeah.
There is one piece of advice I'd like to throw out there.
Please.
This is consumer side.
When you are working with tech support and they have referred you to another party, ask them their process of elimination that led to that and what do you ask the other party.
DarkSakura.com
that you have to ask the questions and understand how that conclusion was reached.
And not only does that give you more ammunition to seek the answer in the right place, but it also teaches you how your system's going to work so you can learn something to prevent it from happening next time.
And learn how to read your manual.
Read your user guides.
Read your instructions.
Look for online knowledge bases.
Knowing this information will save you a headache in the future.
The end.
All right.
Let's get into some news from the week, which admittedly is a little slower this week.
So that's why we have the space to talk a little more about this stuff.
But we do have some headlines to cover.
And Loki, I think you have one to start us off this week about what happened in Microsoft's world.
Yeah, so Microsoft did a kind of a partner showcase showing some of the more like, not necessarily like indie stuff, but like third party.
A lot of it is focused kind of on indie, but it was, yeah, their partner showcase, which had a bunch of trailers with it.
So we got some new trailers and some other further confirmations.
So there was another trailer for, of course, Alan Wake 2's Lake House DLC, which I think we saw before with the PlayStation showcase event.
So they confirmed that's now going to be coming on all platforms October 22nd.
And then, of course, we got a look at Bloober Team's new horror game, right off the back of Silent Hill 2 Remake, called Kronos, The New Dawn.
And it looks creepy.
It's not creepy, it's Halloween!
Yeah, we got a new announcement for a game called Blindfire.
It's a game by Double Eleven, whose artwork reminds me a bit too much of Cyberpunk, but it is kind of a Cyberpunk-ish style shooter, so it looks kind of cool.
and that's supposed to be coming out early access already actually right after the announcement on the Xbox Series X and S and PC then we of course had
I don't know if this is a crazy announcement, but it seems in line with the series.
So we have Like a Dragon, Pirate Yakuza in Hawaii.
It sounds crazy, but it's awesome.
I mean, those games have a lot of over-the-top shit in it, so why not?
Why not?
Pirate Ship, Hawaii, why not?
Why not?
It looks pretty awesome.
I am not really sure what to think of it, but...
I think it's cool could this be the next big pirate game I guess we'll find out uh will there be DLC for Sea of Thieves as a tie-in we will see I don't know it looks absolutely amazing though you know what's interesting though the game I did not realize this but Bobby uh you know we tape after he does and um he's a big Yakuza fan you know um and uh he mentioned they moved it a week up because of Monster Hunter
is coming out, was originally going to be that same day in February.
So they bumped it up to get out of the way of Monster Hunter, which, of course, you know, is fairly, I mean, it does well here, but it's huge.
It's event media in Japan.
Well, I can tell you, out of the two games, I'm more excited about the Like a Dragon Pirate game than I am Monster Hunter, so I will actually probably want to check that out.
It looks really... It just looks so crazy, it's like I have to
Monster Hunter mainline games I love the cell phone one the mainline ones are hard but I'll probably still try it I'll have space for this after I beat the other Like A Dragon games someday write it into my busy schedule
although this is um being a spinoff it's it's a guided adventure so it's not it's not like you're getting like a full like 50 70 hour game it's you know gonna be less than 20 but still pretty extensive no can't wait for those pirate takes of the old Sega classics right I think for for like oh WTF kind of parody like I think that's perfect for this actually so I think it'll be cool
Another game I've been kind of keeping my eye on ever since they kind of saw the work in progress visuals for it, but now actually having a subtitle to it, Mouse EI for Hire.
It's a black and white...
and DarkSakura.
on pretty much all consoles, so I'm definitely picking that up.
What's going public domain next year that we're going to have to suffer through horror adaptations of?
Well, it's not, yeah, I mean, it's not a horror game.
No, I'm just saying, sorry, I'm on the public domain thing now, and you know I do a lot in the horror space, and you know, anytime something goes public domain, somebody's doing some fucking movie about it, because now they can, so...
You know, because they did do a... Didn't they do a... They did a Steamboat Willie horror movie, but it was called something else.
But it was... And then, of course, Winnie the Pooh.
We all know that.
You know, and all that stuff.
So, like, as these go public domain, somebody's going to make a fucking horror movie out of it.
So, I'm just kind of curious what's next year.
But, sure.
Video games, Cuphead, cute.
I like that style.
Like, I'm not going to hate on it just because it's Steamboat Willie.
But, like...
If you're going to hate that we get all of these adaptations of Call of Duty Call of Duty this, Call of Duty that Call of Duty, Modern Warfare this, Modern Warfare that Then you know what, Steamboat Willie?
We have to get the same treatment.
Enough!
Yeah, so let's see What is entering the public domain next year?
Different creators I don't even know and I'm going to tell you how they're going to make a horror movie out of it
a lot of it is like composers and singers and stuff like that horror movie soundtracks they'll turn them into creepy versions that play in the trailers I mean these would be really old dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun this is like really obscure but there is a cartoon called Mutton Jeff I don't know what that is I know what Mutton Jeff is yeah so there's that uh
Marmatone is another cartoon.
Italian cartoon.
Alright, this is a rock I wish I hadn't looked under.
Go back to the Xbox.
A Dog's Life.
There you go.
A Dog's Life.
It's a 1914 movie.
Can't wait to see the horror version of that.
The dog inhales cocaine and kills people.
That's how they make a horror movie.
Cocaine Dog.
It's been derivative, but I can see it.
Cocaine Dog's Life.
Cocaine Dog's Life.
Isn't that a family guy?
Anyways, we had a trailer for Subnautica 2, and that's pretty exciting.
I know a lot of Subnautica fans.
It's coming out on Game Pass, Xbox, and PC.
Let's see, what else?
Animal Well, now coming to Xbox as well.
That was already on PC.
Eden's Zero confirmed it'll be coming to Xbox as well.
uh let's see uh Eternal Strands it's uh from the former creative director of Dragon Age and uh supposed to be also coming to Game Pass I remember this whole thing yeah yeah yeah yeah the folks uh yeah they say it looks like uh Breath of the Wild or like Phoenix uh Phoenix Rising or something like that so kind of open world RPG which in itself was also Breath of the Wild so yeah I get it
Miss Fall Hunter was announced a third person PvPVE extraction RPG set in a dark mysterious Nordic inspired continent coming next year on PC and Xbox Wheel World it's some bike racing sci-fi game I think this was called something else before and they renamed it but I just don't remember the original name
I don't know, looks neat.
It's interesting.
Phasmophobia is coming to consoles.
It's also going to be making its way to PlayStation 5 as well for the PSVR 2.
And it is coming out in the week.
So October 29th.
What else do you need?
It's a big fluffy dog.
Very large, fluffy dog's life.
It's so large that the main protagonist rides the dog.
And I love it.
The dog better not die.
I swear to God.
You're right.
The dog better not fucking die.
That should be the name of the game.
The dog better fucking not die.
It sounds like the never-ending story.
I'm thinking of that scene.
Anyways, Wu-Chang Fallen Feathers is a Souls-like action RPG.
Totally unique concept there.
Yeah, never heard of a Souls-like clone.
Never heard of that.
Never.
You know what?
I think back to the days of Street Fighter clones and Doom clones and... Ah, we miss those days.
It's now Souls-like clones.
Now bring back Street Fighter clones.
I miss Stick Fighter.
Stickfire is good, yeah.
FBC Firebreak.
It is a Left 4 Dead-style co-op shooter in the same universe as Control, and it looks pretty crazy.
Interesting.
So that means it's also the Alan Wake and the whole Remedy universe, right?
I guess, yeah.
It's a three-player co-op, and yeah, it looks pretty neat.
And that's pretty much it.
well that's you know for an October event that's uh that's pretty cool not bad yeah not bad interesting stuff in there so it's nice to see Xbox still kind of you know putting things out and you know has their plan and you know to stay competitive with everything else so making Game Pass something people want to have and all that good stuff so good for them all right
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
uh was uh yeah i mean it's just the usual there you know i'm gonna play more dead by daylight tonight hopefully and i tried to play some fortnight so yeah fortnight i've been playing palio with with uh brad oh that's fun yeah i need to check that game out and marissa marissa plays love her oh if that's how i have to talk to her i'll install it i will i miss marissa great
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you then.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty much Minecraft.
And then I'm playing Blue Sky, the app.
Actually, I'm glad you brought that up because Bobby went a little bit in depth on his show tonight.
But like, yeah, like a lot of people are leaving.
You know, OK, so now I have a tangent to the tangent.
I know that it's fine to deadname X and call it Twitter and everyone still calls it Twitter.
There's a part of me that wonders maybe that's the wrong mentality and we should call it X. And the reason why I say that is because Twitter died.
Twitter's gone.
Twitter got taken out to pasture and shot.
There is no more Twitter.
And so there's a part of me that's like, maybe we ought to call it X to make sure we remind ourselves Twitter is gone, right?
But
Whatever you want to call it, thanks to some of the changes that the idiot in charge made this week With the blocks, you can no longer With the block feature and AI Yeah, the AI thing is huge for artists I mean, a lot of people are talking about the blocks, but I think the AI thing is really pissing off artists But however you want to slice it, people are saying it's time to get off the boat And kind of like
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you want a feed for everything about DragonCon, for example, Bobby made a feed for that.
If you want a feed about everything Minecraft, I'm sure that's out there.
You just have to search the feeds for that.
Probably bumps that up to the top and so forth.
They also have what's called Starter Packs on Blue Sky.
Our pal Bobby Blackwolf actually made one of these over on Blue Sky.
If you go to the official VOG Network account, which...
The interesting thing about Blue Sky is that there's no check marks, right?
There's no verified badge.
But what you do is you verify your domain.
So there's a way you set it up where your username becomes your domain.
So for example, if I go to Blue Sky and I go to the VOG account, it's actually at vognetwork.com is that.
Whereas like
Most normie users like me, I'm like robroberts.bsky.social.
You know, most people have the .bsky.social.
You can actually pretty much authenticate yourself and prove who you are by tying yourself to your domain, which I actually think is a pretty clever way to do it, to be quite honest.
But if you go to our Blue Sky feed, which is at vognetwork.com, OLR doesn't have a separate Blue Sky account.
I guess now's the time to make one, so maybe I'll get on that.
But for now, if you go to atvognetwork.com, you can actually see there's a little starter pack, a Voice of Geeks Network pack, and you can actually follow all of us fun personalities.
There's me, there's Loki, there's Jamie, and even some of our host emeritus, such as Critical Myth, Pod Culture, and some of our just...
community members that really get involved like Mish love me some Mish and so forth so like community members that are just super involved we also have in the starter pack if you want to be in this if you're here every week and you want to be in the starter pack just give us a holler and we'll get you in the starter pack or give Bobby a holler I shouldn't say that but honestly I've been on there for a long time you know like I I I
I've loved it.
It's been a great experience for me.
And on top of that, since the TWAT site has become an anti-Semitic hotbed, it's very refreshing to be here.
Yeah.
And I will say this about Blue Sky, too.
I mean, it's not without look.
I'm not going to say, oh, it's perfect.
You'll think I'm on their payroll.
There are no pictures and DMs, and they've been promising that for a while, and I'm not sure what's been stopping them.
You can't upload your own DMs.
and Detaching Quoted Posts.
Yeah, the fact when you can remove yourself from a quote post.
And the fact when you block somebody, it's a hard fucking block.
And they cannot... Not only does it delete everything in the conversation you are having with that person, but they can't see you pretty much at all.
And you can actually set your account so that only people who are logged in can see your account.
You cannot have a private account.
And that is a deal breaker for some people.
And I think that's just because, again...
Blue Sky was not built to be a Twitter replacement.
It was built to be an open source protocol and they sort of had different things in their vision and their things that they were going to accomplish.
And then...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And plus it has the kind of like some people really police their domains.
The policing that happens on Mastodon is a bit much sometimes.
It ruins the vibe there.
So that's all I'm going to say about my experience there.
It almost sounds like IRC vibes with some of those domains and everything.
Actually...
You're not wrong.
You're not wrong.
You're really not wrong.
Yeah.
So, but again, like, I'm not, like, again, if somebody tells me, hey, I got rid of X and I went to Mastodon, I'm still going to say, good for you.
Good for you.
That was a good choice.
So, you know, I'm not here to hate on Mastodon.
I still have my account on the twats, is what I'm calling it.
Only because that's where I repost when I go live.
Mm-hmm.
I do keep up with a couple of people, but I really, really, really haven't been paying as much attention to it.
It's fading the way that I faded on Facebook.
I would say, though, one of the things I did find when I was starting up or building up my account is there's a...
An extension you can get for Chrome called Sky Follower Bridge that allows you to find people that you follow on X on Blue Sky.
And it's not perfect, but it does help you find a lot of people that you're following.
And that is a good way to start.
And then just, you know, go in those people and find who they're following.
And, you know, you may find everybody you're looking for.
There's another thing I've been using less of is things in Google's ecosystem.
Yeah.
Sky Follower Bridge, DJ Ranma S in chat who asked what's the name of that extension again and actually the official Blue Sky account actually I almost said tweeted the official Blue Sky account actually bleated about we need to get rid of the skeet thing
Posted?
Yeah, posted.
You know everybody calls us skeets.
And I'm like, we're not 12 years old, people.
And I'm like, if you want actual celebrities to come over to this site, but I think there are a lot of people perfectly happy with that not happening.
So I do kind of respect that.
But I'm also like, if you want to have Barack Obama
on this website, you're not going to be able to call it Skeets.
You need to have a name that works a little more professionally.
I like Bleat because it has the elements and it makes me think of the fun pinball killer in Dead by Daylight, the Bleat.
There's a few celebrities here and there.
Tiger Class says James Gunn is on Blue Sky.
Yeah, some of the Star Trek people.
The one that played Shaw.
No.
Todd
Dashwick Dashwick is on Blue Sky and Jerry Ryan is on Blue Sky that's a cool dude yeah and Jerry Ryan's like been very approachable on Blue Sky I think she's great so anyway don't if you're gonna go to Blue Sky though just don't fucking ruin the vibes don't ruin the vibes don't quote people that dunk on them just block them block them when I heard that
A certain... I'll just say Laura Loomer.
When I heard Laura Loomer showed up on Blue Sky, I just proactively blocked her.
I do not want to see her shit.
I don't care what she has to say.
I do not care.
I don't want to see it.
Nobody is owed engagement.
Done.
Blocked.
I won't ever have to see it.
Should the wizard book lady ever show up, I will be blocking her immediately.
Immediately.
I have no interest in anything that woman has to say.
until she offers a very meaty apology.
Meaningful.
Financial apology.
Like that's going to happen.
It's not.
That's why I'm okay with blocking her in a millisecond.
Anyway, yeah, don't ruin the vibes.
This is a joke when I'm mad.
Do not go to Blue Sky to ruin the vibes.
And if you are like, Blue Sky is a leftist haven.
You know what?
Great.
Stay where you are.
Great.
Glad we agree.
Bye.
I'm not saying Blue Sky is a leftist haven.
I'm just saying maybe you shouldn't be there then.
Anyway, we'll enjoy this while it lasts.
Something will fuck it all up.
It always does.
Something's going to fuck it all up.
But we survived.
You know what?
If you are of a certain age on the internet, you survived LiveJournal going away, RIP LiveJournal.
You survived Myspace going away.
You survived Friendster going away.
If you're in my rainbow clan, you survived Gay.com going away.
Okay.
You will survive X, Twitter, whatever going away as well.
We will rebuild.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Oh, I should talk about my gaming week.
Loki, did you finish your gaming week?
I know you talked about Blue Sky turned into a 10-minute tangent or whatever.
Yes, I did.
Good.
My gaming week.
I've been playing Diablo 4 because, of course, I have.
And I've been enjoying the variety of activities.
I feel like I'm not bored.
Like, there's so many things to do in endgame.
And I've been enjoying it.
Yeah.
Diablo 4 Beauty and the Beast
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Watch the Beauty and the Beast one because something really funny happens halfway through and it was really fucking enraging at the time.
But it is really funny in retrospect.
So check that out and learn about the sensitivity of the Intellivision disc controller.
It is something to behold.
And then my Friday video, I played the original Metroid and I streamed that on Thursday night.
So here's the thing.
I was going to stream the original Super Mario Brothers and then I was going to do like a Mario Marathon, Mario 1, 2, and 3.
I severely underestimated how rough Super Mario 1 was going to go because I said, well, I'm going to do this without warping.
I'm going to make this look, because if I do, I'll beat this in less than 10 minutes if I use warp.
So I'm going to beat this without warping.
I forgot that you only have three lives in the game.
I have not perfected the 99 lives turtle staircase trick over the years.
Maybe that's something I need to practice.
I think I do.
And there's that.
And so I died in world three, which is fine because chat reminded me, oh, if you hit A and continue, you start at the beginning of the same world.
Not so bad.
Cool.
So then we kept going and I got to world five and I died again.
and I forgot to hit a continue.
My brain just reflexed and said, all right, back up an atom.
And I just hit start with it, how ending a continue.
And I was all the way back at the beginning and I was pissed.
And I was like, well, video's done.
And you might be thinking, Rob, why don't you just use a save state?
Why don't you just rewind?
Because my ego...
when we talk about using retro achievements has to use something called hardcore mode where those features are not available and if you turn hardcore mode on those features are not available and so those features were not available now do I need to go back and maybe turn that off and try Super Mario again yes perhaps I will humble myself a little bit and perhaps that is how we will do the game next time um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DeathWarp DeathWarp
and there is another tunnel all the way up to the right and you basically just have to use the respawning block trick to get all the way to the top.
That's how you're like supposed to do it.
But despite those problems and then dying once at Mother Brain, actually I died twice at Mother Brain, but despite all this, I beat the game.
I beat the game in one stream and it actually clocked in at under three hours, which means I got swimsuit Samus.
Now, I got one-piece swimsuit Samus.
You actually have to beat the game in under an hour to get two-piece bikini Samus.
So, at some point, I will need to go back and try harder to beat the game in under an hour.
But now that I know better some of the pathing, I really should have gotten the Screw Attack a lot sooner.
Because I only used a Nintendo Power kind of map.
I did not use like an entire guide or anything to sort of like tell me what to get when and all that I was just kind of like went based off muscle memory and I really should have got the screw attack when I got the high jump boots and I think if I'd done that it probably would have gone a little smoother for me um and now that I know I don't have to death port in once I beat Kraid that'll make it easier too so I might actually try it again sometime we'll see
Yeah, Tiger Claw says the Justin Bailey code unlocks Swimsuit Samus and all the power-ups and weapons.
I do know that, and that is something I guess I could use, but I think to get that... I don't know who doesn't know that.
To get the actual achievement in Retro Achievements, I think you have to do it without passcodes.
I think the achievement actually locks out passcodes.
You have to play it basically in one sitting or with save states.
So anyway, original Metroid.
That was really cool that like I could still beat it in under three hours.
I kind of wasn't expecting to get the next, you know, I think there's four different endings and I would have gotten the second best one.
So that was kind of surprising to me.
So I was like, okay, cool.
I'll take it.
It wasn't a 100% run either, but not far off.
I think I had 215 missiles.
So I think I collected most missiles.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and we're going to talk about other things going on in gaming news.
We're going to kick it over to Loki.
All right.
So we saw this article with Shawn Layden talking about the collapse of the game industry.
Shawn Layden, for those who don't remember, is the former SIE Worldwide Studios chairman.
And, you know, of course, working with Sony as part of their PlayStation brand.
and uh based off the article in Game Industry Biz uh said you know if we're going to rely or if we're just going to rely on blockbusters to get us through I think that's a death sentence um basically saying that you know there's a large cost to making these blockbuster games and if they don't
Succeed, then you're going to lose a ton of revenue.
So you're looking at sequels, you're looking at copycats because the finance guy who draws the line says, well, if Fortnite made this much money in the amount of time, my Fortnite knockoff can make this much money in that amount of time.
And we're seeing a collapse of creativity in games with studio consolidation and the high cost of production.
A lot of the focus seems to be on how we're monetizing a game versus what is the game going to be and how is it unique and how is it going to draw players.
He says it's plateaued.
We're at a stage of hardware development that I call
Only dogs can hear the difference.
If you're playing your game and the sunlight is coming through your window on your TV, you're not going to see any ray tracing.
It has to be super optimal.
You're going to have to have an 8K monitor in a dark room to see these things.
And I kind of agree, especially when we were seeing the side-by-side comparison with the PlayStation 5 and the PlayStation 5 Pro, it was pretty hard to see the difference.
If they didn't zoom in to point out what the differences were,
it's almost undiscernible at that point um and yeah i mean i think that we could be you know a lot of this lack of innovating is hurting the industry i mean we just saw that with um you know some of the games coming out from these different uh publishers you know sony just had a massive flop on their hands um
Yeah, I think they do have to innovate, and that's why some of these indies are doing really well as well.
Questbuster in chat says, to add to this, Layden was also quoted at another event from a few months ago for saying that the rising cost of AAA games was becoming unsustainable.
Yeah.
ZenMonkey says, yeah, gaming is cooked.
They need to do something new.
It's a really tricky sort of dance, isn't it?
Because...
for sure like I was gonna say like I think the hard part about it is the fact that they're just trying to justify more expensive games and they're trying to do it in a sense it's almost like in a bubble like yes I understand that better visuals may take more time to develop and stuff like that
but at the same time when you're raising the price of your game then the expectation of those games rises as well and I gotta say like whether even games are $69 or $59 to release a game and then have it be in such a state that you have to release your roadmap on how you're going to fix the game that's unacceptable at any price point I believe like unless it's a free-to-play game
it's not really like you're basically saying hey yeah we know we released it in this broken state and your finished game may never come to you like you may never get a working version of the game depends on how much we sell it and honestly like then put your game in early access then if you know the game is in this state then release the game as early access make it very upfront saying hey we know that we messed up because a lot of times they try to pretend and they try to hide it and then on top of that that's assuming that in a bubble that you know
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura.com
Better at all than something that came before it for a quarter of the price.
It's just it doesn't make sense.
You know, I think there's like one quote from Sean Layden in this whole piece that I'm like, yes, this because I feel like we have been saying that on this program for quite some time.
It's this.
Well, if Fortnite made this much money in this amount of time, my Fortnite knockoff can make this in that amount of time.
No, it can't.
No, it can't.
You cannot force something to go viral in the way that certain games do.
It's like people that think, oh, if I do this certain dance on TikTok that's very popular right now, I'm going to get all these followers and all this stuff.
That sort of community is a very hard thing to grow organically and you're not going to do it from ripping someone else off.
And in a way, the gaming industry is almost a victim of its own success because the problem is Fortnite doesn't fucking end.
especially like Battle Royale in particular because now we could also go down the road that Fortnite is actually a platform at this point that now there's other games in that so that you are still always playing the Fortnite ecosystem you are always playing that and once again like just because you clone something doesn't mean it's going to be successful because once again like why would I play your clone when I can play the real thing
for, you know, essentially cheaper.
Like, you know, perfect example, Fortnite and Concord.
I mean, Concord's more of a hero shooter, so Overwatch, I guess.
So Overwatch 2, you know, free to play game.
I could play that, or you want me to pay into this thing that is not even finished, and then you pull the plug on it a week later, because it was clearly, you know, everyone was telling you this doesn't look good.
and you're like nope full speed ahead you know we didn't learn anything we're just charging forward we're gonna make as much money off this as we can and hope for the best and it's just like didn't you do any market research like what kind of market research did you do beforehand like do you not have people telling you like that yeah because this is popular doesn't mean that you're going to make something equally popular you have to have a unique take on it that draws in players if you just go yeah we're doing what they do but maybe not as good
No one's going to buy it.
I'm going to a chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SGO100Matt says, instead of trying to make the next blockbuster game clone based off a successful indie title, maybe take chances and support these indie titles.
Yeah, there are, you know, again, it's the diamond in the rough.
It's that random thing that goes viral on TikTok.
But, you know, there are a lot of indie games that really do take over the industry, right?
Among Us is a great example.
And not even necessarily indie games.
yeah like look at look at like just for example let's just take um what Sony's done recently so Sony released Astro Bot and you look at their platform like look at the Sony PlayStation 5 what is it lacking it's lacking a lot of those family-friendly platformer games that you can find on like say the Switch and stuff you know back in the PlayStation 2 era you had a lot of those Jack and Daxter um Ratchet and Clank you know that type of stuff
even I guess even going back to oh gosh Crash Bandicoot stuff like that and now you don't really have a lot of those and so when you have this title come in that's extremely polished and it fills that void that was on your platform like that's what makes a successful game something that people are craving for if you just give them hey here's another hero shooter you know looter game you know
There you go.
That will continue to take your money.
Which I think is very important too.
Astro Bot does not continue to take your money.
Right.
Concord was set up to do that.
so so it's it's just like you put it out there and it fills a void and something people were looking for and not only that it strengthens your platform altogether because now you have something you know whereas if I was looking for a specific console like say I didn't have any consoles and it's like well man I really like platformer games well Switch has a lot of those and uh well PlayStation doesn't really have a lot of those and Xbox doesn't really have a lot of those so I guess I'm buying a Switch you know it
It helps drive that.
So I don't know why they wouldn't look at that.
And I understand that there's certain... I mean, it's about money.
They look at how much money this made.
I want to make that kind of money.
And so they try to copy it and...
Yeah, and some businesses that works.
Look at YouTube.
I mean, copying other people works just fine, and there's no repercussions for that.
So it's hard to say, but when we're talking about a billion-dollar, many-billion-dollar industry, trillion-dollar industry probably at this point, yeah, you can't be doing that anymore.
I'm looking at some other comments.
QuestBuster says, to build on what Rob has said, that's what Ubisoft has been trying to do for the past few years, chasing trends in the hopes that they can replicate the same success of their rivals.
Well, that's why Ubisoft is  we've talked about this before.
It's a horribly mismanaged company, and Ubisoft really deserves to  I hate to say it because there's a lot of hardworking people on the front lines of Ubisoft, but the problem is when your CEO is also part owner 
What are you going to be able to do?
Anyway, we have more coming up on Ubisoft later, so I don't want to get too far into it.
Yes, Ubisoft is a problem, and the problem is the CEO who's chasing this bullshit and is getting exactly what he deserves in that sense.
What's funny there is they're competing with themselves and they're losing.
How do you do that?
They put out a game that had pirate ships in it and piracy, and it's worse than their new pirate game.
How do you do that?
You've got the mechanics, just...
Bring that into a new game and make it better.
Why are you just like, oh, hold on, let's ruin it all too.
Like, it doesn't make any sense.
Yeah, that's for sure.
ZenMonkey11 says you have to fault gamers too.
There was a time that they tried new stuff and gamers shat on it saying they wanted sequels and remakes.
well yeah but you know no no like they want to blame the industry they want to blame the gamers and I get it that they go with trends but also they try to drive trends because if it was just what gamers wanted then we probably wouldn't be complaining because we'd be getting what we wanted it's not that it is just uh
And it could be that they even try different things, but those different things are awful.
Like, for example, it's not really different, but Suicide Squad, they tried something different than what they normally were making, and it was awful.
So, I don't know.
I hate to blame...
It's the consumer that's wrong.
No, it's not.
The consumer is right in the sense that they know what they want.
They put a lot of bullshit in Suicide Squad I didn't need, too.
Forever making money.
To say that phrase properly, the customer is always right in matters of taste.
Right, and what I'm trying to say, not necessarily that they only want sequels, but it's more like we want that good thing that was in this game, and we want that to be in other games, but also make it better.
Not, hey, we just want 50 sequels for this game, like Assassin's Creed.
We don't...
We like the original Assassin's Creed or the few original games, but we think that would be really cool in this setting.
But instead, they're like, okay, and we're going to add mythological creatures and magic and all sorts of other nonsense.
It's like, well, no, I don't want that.
Yeah.
I don't like that part.
I like Saints Row.
I like the original Saints Row, a couple of games, but then when it started getting too stupid, I did like that because I liked certain elements of the game, but that didn't mean that I wanted them to keep making sequels to the point where it was just a completely different game at that point.
Yeah.
Bonds006 with a great comment here in chat saying, we did not ask for NFT.
That's a great fucking point.
You know, a lot of times the industry is like shoving these things down our face that it just says, well, this is what the consumers told us.
No, nobody fucking told you that.
Analysts told you that.
Money motivated people told you that.
Nobody actually playing the video games told you they wanted to go spend more money on this meaningless shit.
and look at how well it went.
And now I would argue the same thing is starting to happen with AI to some extent because look, look at the backlash that X is getting now because of the AI picking up and all this stuff and now people are leaving for another social media platform.
How many people are fucking pissed off that Google
they didn't fucking ask for the AI results they just show up by default or Facebook when you go to say something like you know I want to find like it just like meta AI again in your fucking face I didn't fucking ask for the AI this is a big problem that I think a lot of people have and before you go labeling me anti anti AI I'm not because I understand that it has its usages in other places it's a good tool in some places it's a good conversation starter for lack of a better term
it's a good thing when that's the thing you want but I don't know who fucking told these game developers that like AI art and shit was stuff that we wanted to pay $70 for yeah well they're trying to instead of using it as a tool to aid yeah trying to use it as a replacement right
Yeah, they're trying to take the shortcut.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
AI is a tool for art AI is not a replacement for art there's a very clear difference between those two things and I think you are seeing the population is really starting to push back when you
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't wanna...
support this game in good faith only I want to make sure this is a polished game that has the value of $70 I want to get my hands on this game before I totally throw my weight behind it but if this is a polished product and a good game we need to support it
because Baldur's Gate 3 is an excellent example of that game did phenomenally well and a lot of it is because it gave gamers what they really want.
A good fucking story, a good experience, all in one package without any DLC, season pass, extra bullshit for the price they were asking for it and it was a great experience.
and if Expedition 33 is going to go along those same lines which god I hope it does then I and I hope it's good I hope it does successful because that's good if you want to show it's good if you want to show game developers I want more turn-based RPGs here you go hopefully it's got to be good it's got to be good before I can say you know I don't know yet I'm not going to base that off a trailer but hopefully it's good I'm rooting for it I really am so
Alright, let's move on.
Good topic though, good discussion.
Let's talk a little bit about what's going on at Riot because unfortunately it is some not so great news, I hate to say.
And that is that Riot unfortunately has done some more layoffs.
That happened this week where, and earlier this year, Riot already laid off a pretty significant number of people.
But this week, Riot laid off 32 employees, 27 of them active League of Legends developers and five more from the publishing division at Riot.
And of course, there was a statement talking about, it's making sure we have the right expertise so League continues to be great for another 15 years to be on.
This isn't about reducing headcount to save money.
We're not slowing down work on the game you love.
We're investing heavily in solving today's challenges faster while also building for the future.
I have no idea what the fuck that means.
What the fuck does that mean?
Anyway, that's just like... It means these are some words to distract so we don't actually have to answer the question.
This is me trying to make you feel better about these people's jobs by telling you don't worry, the game isn't going to suck.
That's all I'm getting out of that.
That says nothing about...
This isn't about reducing headcount to save money.
Then what the fuck was it?
The bullshit smell is so strong I can smell it all the way from LA.
And that's not just Koalinga.
I can smell it from this person's mouth all the way from LA where Riot is at.
Anyway, they are giving staff a six-month severance, so an annual bonus, health coverage, job placement assistance.
So, I mean, at least hooray to it being somewhat humane, but this is still very frustrating shit to hear about.
Riot, of course, League of Legends.
There is also an MMO they're apparently working on, but I guess the rumor is that things were reset on that because the MMO was feeling too much like League of Legends itself.
So I don't know how much that plays into this whole thing, but yeah, interesting.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and all I'm going to say is roll up the windows and turn your air on circulate in your car.
There's a reason I take 99.
Yeah, or take 99, which unfortunately is a great option from Sacramento, not a great option from San Francisco.
So most people are stuck doing the five from SF or Bay Area in general.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I know, I know, and I'm the worst at remembering.
So why don't we just go on to the present, the new, the shiny, DarkSakura, what's new and shiny this week?
So Unity has launched Unity 6.
So it has native Windows ARM support, which is, hey, ARM, you know, for people who work on tablet systems or might be emulating from a PC.
An Apple Silicon device.
But at any rate, the good thing about that is that it actually can run really well now on Windows, Mac, and Linux.
It's supposed to be...
Also coming with an updated AI library, which I mean, this is, I think, more of an assistive AI.
I'd have to look a little bit more into that, but it also has improved graphics performance.
And yeah, so this is basically the AI tool in here is for response from camera, microphone, and sensors in game.
And
you can also adjust the user interface it looks like a little bit more on the fly they allow you to use ProBuilder and Cinemachine and they are also
Putting in that arm support as well for people who use the Snapdragon X computers.
So I think this is going to be pretty good.
And for me, I've actually just started a development in Unity course myself.
So I'd really like to see if the course I'm taking actually starts moving on to doing their stuff for Unity 6.
I think that would be really cool.
But it also does offer...
A little bit more, of course, the better computer that you have.
They have compatibility with Maya, the Creative Cloud apps, but those, of course, do not run on Snapdragon X. So just a little quick one out there for our game dev friends.
and people who like making VTubers.
I know Unity had a lot of shit that was going on last year.
I think it is important to note because a lot of times we say it should be the people at the top that are the ones to pay the price for when things go wrong.
I will say this.
Again, everybody needs to make their own decision about what platform works for them, but if you look at who's running Unity now versus who was running Unity a year ago, it has changed nearly completely.
For what it's worth,
That's what we say ought to happen in those types of situations.
It has happened at Unity.
So maybe if that helps clear up some of the issues you were having with Unity, I think it might be worth looking into.
So and I think it's on us to let you know about those types of things, too, because we ask for those things.
And I don't think that has been very well reported.
I know it was reported John Riccatello left.
I'm not sure it's been reported that 90% of the rest of the higher ups also have moved on.
So worth considering.
All right, Loki.
All right.
So we've got some more games coming to Game Pass, and these are Activision games.
So Activision games coming.
We've got actually some pretty big ones, actually.
The Call of Duty games.
StarCraft and of course South Park as well we're getting some games there so South Park the Fractured But Whole coming to Game Pass actually already came to Game Pass Donut Country and Ashen those are all out this month
and then that's for Game Pass Ultimate and PC Game Pass, so basically console and PC.
On the PC side and Ultimate, we've got MechWarrior 5 Clans, Call of Duty Black Ops 6,
Dead Island 2, StarCraft Remastered, and StarCraft 2 Campaign Collection and those are going to be out between now and November 5th and then for Game Pass Ultimate on console only we have Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 on the cloud and then of course Call of Duty Warzone also on the cloud those are both on the 25th
Lots and lots of things.
Well, yeah, they need to be adding stuff to Game Pass because they've been taking a lot out of there.
And you know what else they're taking out?
The dollar trial.
I think that was reported on before, but it's... I think they've done that before, though.
But it's going away, so, you know, if you... But, I mean, there's so many ways to, like, get trials of Game Pass, but they are going to make it harder with some of their big, big, big games coming to it.
So, you know, just...
just sign up for a month cancel it right away so it doesn't renew and then see if you like it and judge from there that would be what I would suggest if you're trying to test the waters on that alright let's talk about a game that I think would do very well on Game Pass but even without Game Pass I think a lot of people are going to be checking out Hades 2 when it eventually releases but right now it is still in early access and Hades 2 got a big major update this week
Supergiant Games is calling this the Olympic update.
Nice little pun intended with what the game is all about.
There is a new region with this that will be set, of course, in the mountains of Olympus.
And new story elements, which means hours of new dialogue.
There are also two new allies.
We don't know who they are, but we did see Ben Starr make a post on...
Hades 2 is one of them.
There also is going to be a new main weapon, two new animal companions, new cosmetic items, quality of life improvements, and DarkSakura max support natively for Hades 2 Early Access, as long as there is an Apple M1 chip or later required to run the game.
As it should be.
Yeah, so... They're basically new machines.
Newer Machines
People were, you know, the first Hades did very well.
This second one, I've played it.
It's great.
If you like the first one, you're going to love this one.
And I think it's going to also do very well when it ultimately finally releases in its final form too.
And maybe, maybe they're onto something over a super giant.
I don't know.
But props to them for that.
Doing this the right way, you know, or I don't know if I should say early access is the right way.
But, you know, if you're going to put a half-baked product out there, then yes, early access is the right way.
If you're going to fully bake it and then release it, just make sure it's fully baked.
Yeah, and that Apple logo is on there officially now.
Yep.
So there you go.
Yep.
Cool.
As Joan Hunter-Matt says, the thirst will be real when Ben Starr's character is revealed.
It's already been revealed, but I don't know if we know what the name is yet.
But there's some concept art and stuff over on The Bad Place where most, to be fair, most celebrities and voice actors are still maintaining a presence, at least for now.
Alright, well, let's move on.
Loki, or sorry, no, we're to DarkSakura because, sorry, I think you're actually going to follow up on something we started to get into earlier.
And then I said, well, let's hold that thought for a minute.
So it's about striking.
And there is a French Game Workers Union called STJV.
It's Syndicat de Travail et Travail de Jeu Video, which just translates to Video Game Workers Union, have stated that they have walked out on a three-day strike.
700 Ubisoft France workers.
Um, and they said that, you know, they had, uh,
called the strike when Ubisoft management did not respond to their complaints that they be in the office at least three days a week.
They said that, which is actually kind of funny.
That's funny on a personal level.
I'll go to that later.
But anyway, they told the French press that the company had reneged on promises for homeworking
and quote, calls into question the way they organize their lives.
Interesting.
So they thought that, Ubisoft that is, thought that they thought a three-day requirement would boost creativity and teamwork and still respect individual circumstances.
sounds a lot like something that my work said um but this was the workers clearly disagreed um and of course you know they're still dealing with uh with the fallout from the the stock drop and everything so now to add to this Ubisoft Milan has joined in for one day um
with one of their union leads saying that it is not economically sustainable and it's unfair on a human level.
So their branch of Fion's, is it Sigil Union?
Also are pretty much...
I'll just read the quote on here to add to that.
So, um...
Yeah, they are really pushing for that.
The other thing, too, is another quote from the STJV group.
The consequence of this decision will be the loss of our colleagues' jobs, the disorganization of many game projects, and the drastic increase in psychological risk for those who remain.
So there is so much going on, not to mention a class action lawsuit as well for sharing customer data on meta.
Yeah, that's a new one too.
So yay, the lawsuit was filed on October 3rd.
I feel like the tide against Yves Guillemin, it just gets bigger and bigger.
And I'm sorry, not sorry.
You love to see it.
Um, yeah.
and there really isn't a comment from Ubisoft yet so we'll see all right stay tuned yep all right now we can go over to Loki for our next story Loki oh SSJ100 Matt says it great when asked for comment Eve Skimmel said wait I'm supposed to care about how my employees feel how does one do that kind of an important part of taking on that role all right Loki what do you have for us
Another console that we're probably not going to be able to buy because it'll be sold out, I'm guessing, since it is analog.
Analog 3D is a brand new console that they are producing for $250.
It is an FPGA Nintendo 64.
And, of course, it has all the bells and whistles that we expect with an analog console.
4K output.
Also couldn't do the standard.
I think it can also do composite as well.
um but yes it's it's got a fancy a wireless controller as well which unfortunately doesn't retain the original look of the um Nintendo 64 but a little bit more like I'd say the GameCube if you know the GameCube were just a ripoff of the Xbox 360 controller but um you know a little bit more modern
And yeah, those are going to be, it's pre-orders are going to be starting tomorrow, October 21st.
And they're going to go faster than Taylor Swift or Beyonce tickets.
They will be gone instantly.
They are going to start shipping first quarter of 2025.
Be available in black or white.
But I think that's just going to be not available because good luck.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Mm hmm.
Mm hmm.
All right.
Well, I think it's neat, though, that we're starting to see the hardware for this stuff pop up.
And I'm sure Analog is not going to be the only one that puts out something in 64.
We'll kind of start to see more as the hardware patents expire.
We're going to see more companies kind of doing their own versions of this.
So it'll be interesting to see what all comes out with that for people that love to enjoy retro stuff like me.
Alright, speaking of retro things, and unfortunately this is a little bit of sad news.
We kind of knew it was coming, but it's still a little sad to hear it as definitively as this.
But Nobuo Uematsu has announced that he is retiring from composing video game music as in he's done.
Like, Fantasian Neo Dimension is his final project.
Done, done, done.
Now, it was...
Later clarified and amended to basically be on social media.
Uematsu went and actually said, not like retiring completely, but I will not be doing any more full soundtracks.
He says, I'm going to cut back a bit on my video game music work because I want to have more time to make the music I want to make.
it would be difficult for me to take on the entire soundtrack of a video game because the time commitment for composing would be too long but I would like to continue work on jobs such as one theme song so I kind of take that to mean he'll probably still contribute to future Final Fantasy games whether they be 14 expansions or the inevitable Final Fantasy 17 whenever they're ready to reveal that I would assume he will still be working on those and perhaps other role playing games where he'll contribute one song but he's done
and honestly when you think about everything the man's given to our childhoods and the games we love and enjoy let the man enjoy his fucking retirement yes yes it's sad news but he earned it let him enjoy his I don't think it's sad I'm happy for him he's leaving us with a wonderful body of work and he gets to chill that's right well and I thought what was actually the most and I don't know if this is a translation issue or what so I'm trying not to read too much into this but he says I'm gonna cut back on my video game work because I want to have more time to make the music I want to make
and so I wonder if he isn't expanding and he's going to make like an album that just has nothing to do with games that's like whether it's a pop album or a classic album he's going solo Rob yeah I mean like he's just making a different it sounds like he might release a CD of some sort that is music or he's just making music to make music
or maybe he's going to make music that nobody's ever going to hear I make a bunch of music that no one ever hears and I have no intention of putting out an album or anything it's just fun to make music
Although I am working on something for us.
Bobby Blackwell says metal album.
He's a metalhead.
Hey, you never know.
Garth Brooks did that rock album.
There's that whole thing about Mariah Carey apparently had a Grunge Girl album in the 90s.
It was never released.
So you never know.
You never know what will happen.
Oh, you know what?
D'Artagnan says he was part of the Black Mages.
That was that.
So yeah, you're right.
He really is maybe a metal guy.
Maybe he's going to make something like that.
Who knows?
Who knows?
But at the same time, he doesn't owe you anything at the end of the day.
So we'll wish him a happy retirement and have that be that.
But yeah, Fantasian, the new one coming out to a lot more consoles.
I'm assuming they have changed the touch mechanic to something a little different to make that work.
But I'm excited to check it out.
All right.
Well, I guess this makes a good segue to talking about our classic game of the week.
So let's roll the bumper.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Is it a classic though?
DarkSakura?
It's a game that people should be aware of.
Okay, alright.
What is the classic of the week?
For the record, the Mariah Carey album was one she sung backup on and it was by a band called Chick and called Someone's Ugly Daughter.
Okay, I knew it existed, but anyway.
And one of the copies that exists out there is selling for $300.
Wow.
Yeah, because I looked this shit up.
Anyway, the game is called Superman The New Superman Adventures or as we all know it, Superman 64.
Hot garbage, right?
Right.
But it's worth saying something about because this game has been so ingrained as what a bad game is that it had to eventually show up on the list, right?
Yeah.
So anyway, it's an action-adventure game that was published by Titus Interactive for Nintendo 64 that was based off of the Superman the Animated Series.
It was released in North America on May 29, 1999, in Europe on July 23, and is the first 3D Superman game.
So...
it is a game where everyone is trapped in this virtual environment and Superman has to go rescue his people so yeah it's got all kinds of the classic bad guys in it I'm not going to go into that but there was a lot of issues with its development a lot of restrictions being put on the developer and just DC and Warner Brothers having
having some crap.
And also an attempted remake of it to make it better.
So... Anyway...
you have to go and do these different tasks and go through puzzles and he can walk and fly and punch and do all of this stuff but apparently his powers are supposed to be super diminished in this world I'll get into that later so there are if you attack a civilian character or do uh
You lose all your health points or different things go on.
You can lose a level and it just says Lex wins.
But there are 14 levels with outdoor and indoor environments.
You've got combat and exploration, battling villains.
And then you've got three difficulty levels, easy, normal, and Superman.
So in easy mode, you don't need to fly through rings during ride stages.
apparently there's some stuff of that but there's also multiplayer modes where there's a racing mode and a battle mode that can play up to four people and you have to defeat your opponents by throwing weapons and items at them and then in racing modes you control a spaceship while rings are shot at your opponents
so yeah not great anyway um so Eric Kane who is one of the founders of Titus Interactive uh got the rights uh from Warner Brothers licensing to do a Superman game during the animated series era and so um when uh
When he learned about it, he got the license and no other company was really into it.
And he said that Warner Brothers asked him three times if he was sure of what he was doing.
So he signed a license deal in 97 with Warner Brothers to develop the game, to do it for Nintendo 64, PlayStation, and Game Boy.
and each port consisted of two programmers and six to nine artists.
The Game Boy version was completed and released by the end of that year.
The Nintendo 64 version development lasted for two years.
They wanted it to be more like a
Tomb Raider, 3D open world type of thing, real-time strategy, and behave like a superhero.
And he said, and this is a quote, it would stretch the Nintendo 64 to its limits, feature Superman's ability to fly and fight and include all of the superpowers.
But it was a little bit too ambitious.
So only about 10% of the original design made it into the final game.
and then after the deal was finalized where the Warner Brothers licensing went through a bit of a change the group turned on Titus in the project and tried to halt its development so they wanted to turn it into a SimCity style game where he acts as the Superman acts as the mayor and yeah and
and basically there's just a lot of back and forth and wanting to make changes and then finally there were some changes that was made so that the character would be portrayed positively
by limiting his power and removing destructible architecture.
And then that's why they put it in the virtual world to prevent from harming, quote, real people.
The rings were meant to be tutorials, but they ended up being a permanent part of the game.
And it was just taking months and months to get characters approved.
Not being able to address bugs because they really couldn't test anything because they didn't have characters
they couldn't actually get characters approved so they couldn't incorporate more of the work into it so it was showcased at E3 in 97, 98 and 99 and there were even then publications were calling it Superman 64 since 1997's coverage they didn't really talk about the virtual world in there they
were going into a few misrepresenting what the story was, highlighting powers that really were more of a minor.
And a lot of people were saying that the game looked...
for a fan the game looked great but for anybody else the game looked really bad some people said that the 3D environments were stunning and the fight levels were great but it got delayed after 1997
In March 98, it was about 85-95% complete, but there were further delays after criticism at E3.
On August 24, the character models and map sheets were released, and GamePro said that it was a showstopper and looked good.
but keep going further you know there was a lot of enthusiasm for the game they really just tried to put out like the best there was of it and it was even some people said it would elevate the Nintendo 64 even more
um but now if we fast forward quite a bit we have a scheduled release for November 16th 1988 that was announced in a press release with a huge promotional campaign and it was one of only five Nintendo 64 games shown at the 1999 Tokyo Game Show but um
Yeah, failure.
It failed.
It was not good.
It was not great.
It had lots of bad stuff going on.
However, Titus did entrust Blue Sky Software to redesign the game for the PlayStation, and the game did get approval from Sony, but the Warner Bros.
license expired, and Titus couldn't get a new one, so the game was canceled in 2000.
So that basically, because of Warner Bros., the PlayStation version was killed.
however there was a game build that was dated June 22nd 2000 that did eventually get linked to MediaFire and there's also apparently still out there archived on Internet Archive so there you go maybe you can find it so anyway
it was a top seller in America the week of June 1999 in July of the same year it had become the third best-selling game from Nintendo 64 over 500,000 units were sold but
People were giving it some good feedback, but they were the target audience.
However, the contemporary critical reception of it, it was considered to be one of the worst games of all times.
In IGN, it was published that the game was executed so poorly that it would harm the character's reputation.
and that it had a rushed, careless feel to the game.
The controls were confusing and difficult to use.
It was just really not great.
There were foggy, empty levels.
The indoor levels seemed out of place.
We're talking like Next Generation gave it a 1 out of 5 stars as did Allgame.
EGM gave it an 8 out of 40.
It was 23% in game rankings.
N64 Magazine gave it a 14% uh yeah it just it was abysmal abysmal IGN gave it a 3.4 out of 10 so GameSpot 1.3 out of 10 Game Revolution gave it an F Game Informer 1.25 out of 10 so yeah it was panned this is not great
and so but I think it is oh also it tells a Guinness World Record for lowest rated superhero game of all time
How about that?
Is that in the 2025 edition, maybe?
This is 2017.
But at any rate, though, I think that this is another example of how other factors can go into the destruction of what could have been a decent game.
There were a lot of plans for it, but I think it's something that would have been worth holding off for a later-gen console.
and and maybe not doing it just because you had access to the franchise you know but Warner Brothers I think had a lot to do with its failure and I think that not all of the the blame needs to be put on Titus I think that it was a bunch of stuff that went on behind the backs of people that no one really knew about at the time and yeah that's the game
that is a game and I mean and you can see where like there could have been potential it could have been good you know but I understand that what those limitations probably did I mean I think also again it was really ambitious for what it was this is not the kind of game that would easily work on Nintendo 64 and that's it
Yeah, it kind of reminds me in some ways of E.T., how like if E.T.
had had more time to bake, there's actually a good game in there, right?
But it's just the nature of the rest production.
Yeah, but E.T.
didn't have...
The License Holder, like, working against the developer.
True, true, true.
It is a different scenario, but I don't know why.
I'm kind of like, I guess it's the whole, like, there's a good game in there somewhere element of it, you know?
So, all right, well, there it is, your classic?
No, it is a classic, but just- It's a classic.
It's a classic for different reasons than most classics here.
Superman64.
TigerClaw in chat asks, do you think we need a new Superman game?
The last one was on the Xbox 360.
Okay.
You want to know what?
I don't give two shits about Superman.
You know, a good game is a good game.
I'm not a DC fan.
Well, whether it's Superman or a legally distinct super person with a cape flying around, you know, type of thing, a good game is a good game.
I don't need it to be Superman as much as I need it to be good.
I think this is better served in the Injustice games.
yeah Injustice was kind of a fun series so I thought they were I liked the comics for Injustice those were pretty good yeah all right well let's continue on and talk about some other headlines quickly in a segment we call Rapid Fire News Loki what do you got for us
We've got some other superhero news talking about Spider-Man 2 coming to the PC very soon.
So January 2025 is coming to PC, and it will require a PlayStation Network login.
It's like they don't learn, do they?
Yeah.
Yeah, and rather quickly too, considering that the original game came out just 15 months ago, or 15 months from when it will be released on PC.
Along with that, Insomniac has confirmed that no plans for story DLC for the game as well.
So if you were expecting some expansion to the story, nah, they're working on Wolverine, so sorry.
And,
Out of nowhere, exciting news, a brand new Tron game, Tron Catalyst.
It's an isometric action game that was being shown by Devolver Digital's big fan games publishing label and looks pretty cool, actually.
It's apparently continuing the story of Arc Grid, which was introduced in the visual novel game Tron Identity.
Which I did not play, but it looks cool.
Yeah, the gaming, the kind of like action-y sequences in this game do look kind of interesting.
I'm kind of down.
It's not what I expected a Tron game to look like, but I'm kind of into it.
I could be into it.
So I do love me some Tron, as you see behind me every week when I do this show.
So I'm very worried about this upcoming movie, but I'm going to try.
I'm going to go in with an open mind.
Yes, I am.
I'm going to try.
All right.
We'll see how that goes.
All right.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura.
So Gamestone Quick has raised over $45,000 for hurricane relief.
And that is wonderful and heartwarming.
It's going to go directly to the disaster relief charity.
that is great I actually I did get to see one of the speedruns from this in full one of my friends loves GDQ and speedruns and always wants to like when we hang out wants to watch a speedrun or two which is fine we watched the one for the Nintendo World Championships game where the speedrunner they were playing all of the little mini games back to back to back to back and it took them about an hour and 15 minutes I think the part time was an hour and a half it took about an hour and 15 minutes to get through the whole thing
Skybills, according to Bobby.
which actually gives you more air and gets you further in that direction you have to do a dance between forward and backwards with the tilting to do better and I was like oh I just want to like but I don't want to be that guy like I want to send him a message and be like you can improve your excite bike times if you tilt forward as well as backwards but it's like don't be that guy don't be that guy oh I'm not so instead I'm saying it on my podcast where it'll never be heard by anyone
but Excitebike is a hard game and you know what, so is Ice Climber and to be able to clear some of those tasks in time is a very, very tricky skill so there's that alright anyway let's move on, we'll travel oh wait, no, just kidding I have the story to talk about this is interesting, now I don't y'all know how I feel about Kickstarters I don't like to talk about Kickstarters unless there's like a final project that is ready
This one's a little different.
I'm going to roll with it because they've already met their goal, which is nice.
A lot of our listeners have been talking about it, which tells me I should talk about it here.
And the original media holder is actually wanting to see this happen.
And it is EGM Media, who own the magazine Electronic Gaming Monthly and its entire archive.
They're going to be doing a book and digital archive project to honor the legacy of this print publication.
So they are...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the legacy of the magazine.
It will also have long form articles.
If you want to get it digitally, it's $15.
If you want to get a hardcover version, it's going to be $50.
There are also some other tiers that can get you additional things, which is kind of neat.
It did meet its goal already, and they're looking to have that delivered by February 2025.
So I'm sure there's people that are going to be all over that.
And yeah, you know, again,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Although it helps.
The Guinness book feels like a magazine in many ways.
Yeah, it kind of does.
It really has that magazine look and feel.
And I don't know if that's just trying to get a younger audience or whatever because it is about games.
But I liked the Guinness book because it feels like a magazine.
And so I feel like, all right, if you want to show folks that there still is a demand there for print media from some of the people who really brought it to us for years and years, then maybe I ought to just shut up and back this thing, which I think I'm going to do, honestly.
I wouldn't mind the book, to be quite honest.
I think I'm going to do that.
Too bad they couldn't have done this with Game Informer.
They took the archives and they're like, bye-bye.
Well, and maybe we should show them it was a mistake, but not that I really want GameStop to... I don't know that I would have backed it if it was GameStop doing it.
If GameStop sold the rights to somebody else and they were doing it,
Then I'd feel differently.
Especially if that person was an employee of the magazine at one point.
And that's why there's a lot of things about this that I like.
Original creator is involved.
A lot of people that were involved are backing it, which I think is really neat.
So sure, why not?
I'll back it.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some things you can back off the retail or digital shelf very soon.
Let's go to Loki in the US.
A lot.
There's a lot, because, you know, fourth quarter and all.
Amanda, The Adventurer 2 on PC.
We have Awaken Astral Blade on PC and PlayStation 5.
Fey Farm on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Fear the Spotlight on PC, Mac, and Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Kong Survivor Instinct.
Is that another King Kong game?
Please don't be another King Kong game.
Isn't that the one, the big flop that's been being worked on for, I don't know, I guess it wouldn't be a flop unless it's already been, I thought there was a King Kong game recently that like looked horrific.
uh no not that one i don't i don't think it was that one um maybe just we need to stop using kong unless it is sandwiched by the words donkey country i think we need to start from the word kong
or it's referring to animal snack products no this doesn't look like this is not that other game this actually looks decent unfortunately unlike the movies in which the focus should be on the monster it's on people so take that as you will thank you for clearing it up nevertheless
Potionomics Masterworks Edition on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
We have Wildermyth on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Ban the Prologue of Gacha Gacha on PC.
These names, man.
Rivals of Aether 2 on PC.
We've got...
Synths, Memories, Off the Starry Sky on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
While we wait here on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, Wilmot works it out on PC and Mac.
The Bridge, Curse 2, The Extraction...
Looks like on Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Card and Seal on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Flint the Treasure of Oblivion on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Goat Simulator 3 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We've got Robbie Ribby Platinum Edition on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 Romance of the Three Kingdoms 8 Remake on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5 Romancing Saga 2 Revenge of the Seven on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5 That'd be a lot better if it was like a boys tie-in, but you know
And then we have Shin-Chan, Shiro, and The Cold Town on PC and Nintendo Switch Slay the Princess, The Pristine Cut on PC, Mac, Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series The Smurfs, Dreams on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
Tellabit on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Voidrot on PC and Nintendo Switch Yakuza Kiwami on Nintendo Switch
Call of Duty Black Ops 6 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
Tacoma 2B, Catacomb on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series Sonic X, Shadow Generations on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series and Ys X, Nordics on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 That's it
That is quite the list, but we're at that time of year, right?
For the record, the Crayon Shinchan game, Shiro in the Coal Town.
Shiro is his dog.
It looks absolutely adorable.
All right, going to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
We have on the Switch this week, on October 24th, the Romance of the Three Kingdoms VIII remake is coming out from Koei Tecmo, who puts out a lot of those type of games.
Jewelry Hearts Academia.
We Will Wing Wonderworld.
Yes, that is the real fucking name of the game in a regular and limited edition.
It looks like it's a visual novel where the jewelry is actually young looking women running around in their lingerie.
Props to you if that's your thing.
This looks more like my thing, Card and Seal.
This game didn't have my intention until I saw it's a roguelike deck builder kind of game.
It's by Inti Creates.
Saga 2, Revenge of the Seven,
is also out this week from Square Enix.
I think a lot of people are going to be paying attention to that.
A game called Dungeons 4, also out in Japan this week.
Haken Den is also out in Japan this week.
Bellatro gets a Japanese release this week on the Switch, which has already taken over shelves over here.
Robbie, or excuse me, Rabby Ribby
also released this week.
The Castle of Shikagami 2, also released on the Switch this week in Japan.
Zoeti, Outer Wilds, the Archaeologist Edition, so I think that is a re-release, but is coming out in a regular and a limited edition.
So you have all of that to look forward to, and I think, oh yes, Cat Quest, the Furtastic Trilogy, also out.
And is Ys getting a release there?
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Alan Wake 2 does get a release in Japan as well this week from Epic Games is publishing that on PlayStation 5 in Japan so you can check that out and also we have Five Nights at Freddy's Help Wanted 2 gets a Japanese localized release this week Romance of the Three Kingdoms 8 remake also on the PlayStation 5 that Bridge Curse 2 game also on the PlayStation 5 Card and Seal yep also on PlayStation 5 and Romancing Saga 2 Revenge of the Seven
you're getting a hint also on the PlayStation 5 as well as Bellatro so many of those same games I talked about also releasing on the PlayStation 5 this week which is a lot of fun DarkSakura, how about Europe?
On the 22nd for PC, we have The Access Unseen, also Streets of Rogue 2 Early Access, PS4 Crow Country.
These are all the 22nd, by the way.
Wildermyth for Switch, PS4, PS5, Xboxes, Linked Banner of the Spark Early Access for PC, Batman Arkham Shadow for MetaQuest 3.
Fear the Spotlight for PC Switch, PlayStations, Xboxes No More Room in Hell 2 Early Access for PC Now on the 23rd we have Wilmot Works It Out for PC Grimguard Tactics, Android, iOS Zero's Syvert for PC on the 23rd On the 24th, Romancing Saga 2, Revenge of the Seven for the usual
Flint, Treasure of Oblivion for the same we have Yakuza Kiwami for Switch on the 24th The Smurfs Dreams on PC, Switch, PS4, PS5 Goat Simulator 3 on PS4 and Xbox One which when I was typing this earlier I accidentally typed Goat Stimulator so let's watch ourselves
Windblown Early Access for PC on the 24th Also Slay the Princess the Pristine Cut on all the things Crayon Shin-chan I'm force of habit calling it Crayon Shin-chan because that's what the series is Shin-chan Shiro in the Cold Town for PC and Switch Call of Duty Black Ops 6 for the bunch on the 25th Sonic and Shadow Generations on the 25th as well and Ys X Nordics for PC, PS4, PS5, Switch Alright
We will move on with just a couple more stories, then we're going to see if any of you would like to participate in the listener roundtable tonight.
But first, we have a headline from Loki.
Yeah, so apparently Tekken 8 had a...
a level that was supposed to be included in the $110 deluxe version of the game but it wasn't included in that instead the level was going to be sold for an additional $5 and so of course the community took that with you know they took it very well they praised you know Namco and Namco Bandai for you know
being strong and innovative.
No, of course not.
They...
Review Bomb the hell out of the game.
And as such, Bandai Namco has walked back the whole DLC and gave the players $5 worth of free Tekken coins.
It says, we apologize for not meeting the community's expectation for the playable character Year One Pass and the Gemaji Temple DLC release method.
After some thorough discussion, the feedback, the tech and project team has decided on the following measures and they released all that stuff.
So, yeah, it says that the playable character, a year one pass edition says that it will, pass owners will now have access to it instead of having to pay an additional $5 on top of the year one pass.
And on top of that, they're also going to give you $5
dollars in coins you know so that you have to buy more coins in order to get more things I'm sure so good on them but once again this goes back to the original discussion that we had with monetization in games and how it kind of ruins it yep yeah there you go
they weren't content on having a season pass they had to sell additional things on top of that stuff that would normally be included in the regular game this is what you get
Discord Discord.com
Discord, Final Fantasy XI
This and an interview with Famitsu where Discord creator Stanislav Vinshevisky I hope I said that right Discussed the origins of the platform saying that he played a lot of Final Fantasy XI And actually made a prototype to use while playing And I remember when Loki and I would play Final Fantasy XI I think Jamie did for a little bit too We were using Ventrilo to talk to each other, right?
Because there were these pay services you could use to talk to each other They were, you know
They worked at the time, but you had to pay for them.
People didn't really like that either.
But yeah, then he developed a prototype to Discord so that he and his friends could talk.
And then when he moved to California and joined GREE, the mobile game developer, he met Jason Citron and they actually fleshed out what Discord eventually became.
and, you know, throughout the interview, it was asked, why do you think that Discord is successful when Skype was already a thing at the time for voice chat?
I know a lot of us laugh at Skype now, but again, way back in the history of this show, we took calls via Skype.
That's, you know, before Skype just became basically what's Microsoft Teams today.
You know, we used to take calls on Skype and a lot of people use Skype to talk.
The creator said that it's probably the simplicity of Discord that made it so popular.
The vision was a, quote, living room where you can spend time with your friends.
I think that's what made Discord so special.
And if you are wondering, yes, Stanislav now plays Final Fantasy XIV and is currently underway playing Dawn Trail.
and probably using Discord to talk to his friends while he plays.
But that is just a lucky guess.
So.
DJ Ranma S says, still use Skype.
I thought Skype got folded into Microsoft Teams.
I didn't know that it was still a thing.
That's kind of cool.
I never did enjoy Skype.
Final Fantasy XI is still going on.
Yes, it is.
There's like private.
In fact, I found out through retro achievements about a big one called Horizon because somebody patched achievements into Final Fantasy XI, which you have to be playing on this Horizon server, which is the old Final Fantasy XIV, or excuse me, Final Fantasy XI.
meaning the cap is 75 there's no books so you have to party in Valkyrim Dunes it's the old school uh but I think that's because they stopped developing for the PlayStation 2 when all that extra shit came out so this is kind of frozen with the Chains of Barathea expansion because all the other stuff was after they stopped PS2 development so kind of interesting
but that is not one I'll be probably playing live anytime soon but also never say never.
Never say never.
I do miss 11 some days.
It's good times.
And DJ Ranma S says Skype for business that was rebranded into Microsoft Teams.
Gotcha.
All right.
That's it for our stories but we welcome your calls.
If you want to join our Discord server in the green room we can take calls.
We would usually go to the mailbag at this point.
I don't think there was anything in there, right?
No.
Yep.
But if you want to send something in the mailbag, participate at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to email us.
Okay, I've decided during the show, and I hope my co-hosts will support me, I think we need to make an OLR account on Blue Sky.
If everybody is making their way to Blue Sky, people have a way to interact with us on Blue Sky.
What do y'all think?
I could've!
I could've!
Anyway, so we'll get on that.
I'll figure out how to do the domain verification.
I was trying to look that up when somebody else was talking.
It doesn't look, it looks, it looks simple enough that even I can do it.
So I'm hoping we will just be orange laundry.com on blue sky.
So, yeah.
I do not.
What?
SG100 Matt says blue sky question of the week you know you know we might don't threaten me with a good time
Alright, that is going to do it.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you all for listening to our show tonight.
We appreciate it.
Thank you for being here.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all over again just before we head into Halloween week.
I know it's going to be Halloween weekend for many of you because I know Rocky Horror for me is next weekend and a lot of people have Halloween parties and events.
My ballet studio is doing a time warp.
Oh, that's cute.
I opted not to participate because I like my Fridays.
Yeah, but Halloween being a Wednesday is just a really weird day this year.
So yeah, people are doing things on the weekend and stuff.
So yeah.
SGO100Matt says, slow news week, but finished usual time.
Well, DarkSakura had some stuff to say at the top of the show.
I did.
Did I not?
Yeah, no, you did.
You did.
All right.
Oh, happy early birthday, Mike Deft.
I hope you have a good time celebrating whatever it is you do.
Happy Birthday!
and I think I would actually I would be willing to have like one lane that is the full feed with repost and another one that's without that's why I need to force myself to use Blue Sky to manage multiple decks at once because then I can have the OLR deck in there too that might be something I do so we'll see we'll see
Alright, but thank you as always for listening to our show.
We appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice rebleat or whatever it is you want about our show goes an awful long way.
A nice five-star review on iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, or wherever you found this show.
We will take that as well.
Thank you very much.
Yes, SGO100Matt says register to vote and vote early if your state is letting you.
I think that is great advice.
Obviously, there's the big election everybody's talking about.
That is important, especially if you are in the state of Pennsylvania, Nevada, Arizona, Georgia, you know the ones.
But
Every election, don't forget, school board elections.
They're important too.
Always vote.
Yeah.
Know at least if the people are assholes or not.
Or, you know, like in the case of the mayor here locally, because I was like, I don't, to be honest, I didn't know much about the candidates, but I went onto the Facebook pages and all the worst people I know on Facebook are dunking, like are just going off on the comments on this one candidate.
So I said, oh, she must be the one I'm going to vote for them because all the, the enemy of, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Not always.
Not always, but in this case.
Do your research, people.
Not always, but in this case.
But I would also just like to point out that also be sure that you're voting for someone with a functional brain cell.
That is important.
Trust me.
As somebody who dated a politician, before I was with Alan, I was dating a politician.
and if there's one thing I learned from that whole experience, it is any idiot can run for office.
Anybody.
You can run for office.
You can do it.
We've already seen an idiot run for office.
Well, we're seeing it in real time certainly on a national scale but let me tell you, I definitely have seen it on a local scale
as well.
And let's just all be thankful he didn't win.
Anyway.
Yeah.
But he got more votes than anybody with his party had in the long very scary prospect.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Anybody can have office.
So, alright.
DarkSakura, let's get to your final thought.
I know you're gonna be trying to stream some Dead by Daylight, but maybe ultimately something else.
But do you have some final thoughts for us tonight?
Um...
just, no I don't have any thoughts, I just hope the game works alright, fingers and toes crossed for you alright, later taters bye Loki, that takes us to you, what is your final thought tonight?
um yeah it's just you know I'm busy on uh you know content creation stuff go like me or go follow me on blue sky if you don't I guess yeah there you go probably I think everybody that's listening does already I think yeah most people you never know it's hard to know who's out there on the podcast feed because uh you know we don't see them right in front of our face and
I beg for emails we don't always get them but I understand some of you are commuting or you're busy at work and all that stuff so it's fine but yes we appreciate follows there and all that good stuff let's see my final thought tonight is I have a very busy weekend next weekend with show hosting I was very happy to do a show last night Aurelio Voltaire was here and did an amazing job a lot of fun always puts on a fun show we had so many local artists that were also doing incredible jobs so it was called the Sinister Soiree because it's
Sinister Creature Compost Party was great.
I had a lot of fun.
We're doing some shows next weekend, including Cabaret Macabre.
We have some performers from Dragula, the Belay Brothers, Dragula.
They're going to be there.
Really excited.
And then Rocky Horror Picture Show is going to be here next Saturday.
Very excited about that.
It is sold out.
So if you don't have tickets, you can't come.
Sorry.
It's sold out.
You'll have to wait until February for the next show.
And yes, Fifth Dream.
He used to go by just Voltaire, but
due to reasons and things, etc.
He uses his full name.
And he taught me a mnemonic on how to say his name, which it's Aurelio.
So you just say Aurelio is how you say his name.
So Aurelio Valtere is his full name that he goes by now.
And yeah, great performer.
Great guy.
Happy that he came all the way out to little old Sacramento.
All right.
On that note, we're going to wrap it up.
Have a good night, everybody.
Thank you for being here.
We will see you next week.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
