Yesterday I was telling some friends about Mother 3, and today I'm learning about a Japanese-only F-Zero release I either didn't know about or had forgotten about.
I don't have any memory of F-Zero's non-console nor arcade releases, so it's probably the former.
The import titles we get via Nintendo Switch Online have been an interesting drip feed.
Mother 3 may never reach the West officially, but to experience two F-Zero games I've never previously had is a boon.
Import hipsters, radio condescending sneers.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again on our world record long run here with episode number 1019 for tonight on October the 6th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as they do every week, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello, how are you?
Swollen.
That does not sound fun.
Yeah, it is not.
Let's just say that, well, stuff can continue to ferment when you start making sangria, and opening a sealed bottle after two months can be explosive.
That sounds so scary.
I'm sorry to hear that that happened, but I hope you're feeling better.
Well, enough drugs will make anyone feel better.
Well, let me give you something to look forward to.
Did I correctly see on your husband's Facebook, I think that's where I saw it, that Pentagogo's next weekend?
It is.
I don't go to Pentagogo anymore.
Oh, you don't?
Is it bad or something?
No, it's because Cornfield.
Oh.
And after the allergic reaction that I'm having from last night's event, and I will elaborate later on my own time,
I don't need any more allergic reactions to anything.
Fair.
I must admit, I'm kind of tempted because I don't think I've ever been to that show.
I feel like I'm always doing something in October when they have it, but I'm actually kind of free next weekend, so I might go check that out.
I don't think the facility is air-conditioned.
Oh.
Well, we're finally going to break this.
It's 100 degrees here in Sacramento, California, where we're all based.
And it's early October, and it's still 100 freaking degrees.
But I think that streak finally breaks next weekend.
I think it's going to be a much more sensible 74 degrees.
No, I think it's like low 80s, but still, I'll take it versus this.
Also, and I'll just say this, I don't know what Dan posts on Facebook because I don't go on Facebook.
Oh, right, right, right.
Well, I'm pretty sure that's where I saw it.
But, well, speaking of pinball... I'll ask him.
I did think of you because I was in Old Town, Sak, and there's a new pinball place down there.
Yeah, it's weird.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's say hello as well, of course, as we do every week to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Good, good, good.
What game is that running behind you tonight?
I'm trying to see what it is.
Well, what's it look like?
There's meat.
Attack the enemy by swinging the whip controller.
It's some type of Castlevania.
Is it the Castlevania arcade game?
It's Castlevania the arcade game.
I got it!
I got it!
I won!
I win!
That's fun.
What made you decide to pick that?
I don't know.
I'm trying to pick games I've never picked before.
I'm like, ah... I sat here for like five minutes going, I don't know.
And I was like, ah, October.
Okay, let's think of like spooky game.
Okay, Castlevania.
And then that was something I saw that I was like, oh, I don't recognize that.
Or like, I actually wonder like, is there an arcade game other than Haunted Mansion?
And yep, there was.
Yeah, I was like, I feel like I've seen Castlevania references everywhere this last week.
There's, of course, you know, Dracula and half the Belmonts are in Dead by Daylight now.
But no Richter.
No, no Richter yet, but aren't there like five alt skins now for Trevor?
Yeah, they're doing... Who was the last Belmont from that last game?
Or not Belmont, but...
I guess he's a Belmont technically.
But yeah, there's all the alt characters.
Which is funny because Silent Hill has a bunch of alt characters too.
Cheryl has a ton of alts.
And now, of course, Silent Hill 2, I'm sure some of you are aware, just early access released last night.
So the new remake of Silent Hill, as well as Until Dawn.
So it's definitely October because all the scary stuff's coming out.
um just both released apparently uh feedback for both of those is pretty good uh I watched I've been hearing some different stuff about the Until Dawn one like the ray tracing is broken I I did hear at the beginning so something that a friend of mine was telling me about is that at the beginning it looked like it was like AI and it was a big like red flag like oh no was this an AI done job or something but I guess it gets better as the game goes on and I was watching one of my buddies stream the ending last night
I don't... It didn't look as good as I would have expected it to look.
I will say that, for what it's worth.
But I guess if I'd never played the series before, maybe I'd be really into it.
But the Silent Hill 2 looks great.
And apparently they've made some subtle... Shane was, of course, texting me all day about it.
And... Not really, once or twice.
But he's been telling me that there's been some subtle changes.
And obviously I don't want to go too much into that.
But that they've definitely gone back and re-evaluated...
What Makes Sense in 2024, or maybe even What Is It We Want to Do Different in 2024 versus the original Silent Hill.
And I think that's very interesting, quite frankly.
Anyway, going to our chat, because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific.
Right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And DarkTetsuya, referencing the intro tonight, says, I did buy the Guinness Book Gamers Edition 2025.
Well, thank you.
I'm sure the Guinness people are happy to have your money.
Actually, I had an IRL friend buy it once they heard my, because I had posted on Facebook about it in the little picture that Matt had early on before I had my copy.
And one of my IRL friends saw the book on the shelf somewhere and just picked it up.
Was like, oh, my friend Romson does.
I'm going to buy this.
I thought that was really cool.
I was like, oh, that's really sweet.
So, yeah.
I don't know if you guys know more people that have bought it, but I feel like maybe we should have had, if we were smarter, we would have had an Amazon affiliate link or something to get a little kickback.
Oh, well.
Oh, well.
You know what?
I'm happy we're in it.
I think it's great.
We talked about that all a couple weeks ago.
I'm still waiting to hear back, though.
Yeah, because you're still trying to get the official, official certificate, right?
Yeah, I mean, I wonder, have you ever emailed the contact?
You know what?
No, I was supposed to, and I was out doing stuff, and you know me, out of sight, out of mind.
So remind me after tonight's show, and I'll send a quick email.
It does seem like that maybe this side of the house doesn't talk to that side of the house.
I feel like there's a little bit of that going on.
Or they'll be like, oh, you're in the book, but you didn't pay, so we're not going to give you certificate.
They might contract out some of these sub-editions.
That's my thought.
But we'll figure out.
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Yes, we will.
Anyway...
OG Happy Dude in chat says, was it 2025 or last year's that has Billy Mitchell's record redacted?
I haven't read the rest of the book, but I don't think they would really advertise a redaction.
And besides, at least as far as Donkey Kong goes, other people have had that record for a long time, right?
He hasn't had that anymore for a long time, I think.
Granted, he had some other old school records, so I know it's not just that.
But yeah, I don't know what Guinness did to him because honestly, when it comes to that guy,
I just don't care anymore I just don't care anymore I did meet him at DragonCon one year pre-pandemic so it was a while ago and I will say this
People have said that, oh, it's all a persona.
It's all a show that he puts on and all that, right?
And I would say from my experience when I interacted with him at DragonCon, I would find that to be true.
That I was there with a friend who had another relationship with him and they were having a casual conversation and I was like, okay, that whole bit about he's putting on an act for a lot of people, I believe that that's true, 100%. 100%.
So, uh, PodCulture talking about the book says it's $14.95 on Amazon right now for those interested.
Yeah, it's actually not that expensive, um, all things considered.
It's, it's, it feels a little more like a magazine to me, um, but I actually like it.
It's, it's very, um, it's very loud, like in a good way, so.
OG Happy Dude also says, speed running records are more impressive than high score records anyway.
I'm just wanting to hear about the Jotz and Mitchell lawsuit.
Well, here's the thing.
I think high scores are neat, but I really love when they find ways to break games.
Like the 256 board bug in Pac-Man?
Fascinating.
And all that stuff, like the way they kind of like find those hidden exploits and all these old and old games.
But speedrunning also brings a lot of that up.
You know, you watch any speedrun and as long as it's, you know...
Not 100%, no, what do they call that?
No hacking or no cheating or whatever.
Like, you will see a bunch of exploits that they do to get the speedruns done.
And that stuff is very, very fascinating to me.
I'm just like, points are good.
Achievements are good.
Have you ever had pizza?
But have you ever had pizza while getting achievements?
It's an achievement within itself.
Pepperoni unlocked.
What?
Alright, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight.
I think this is one of the biggest, like...
Obviously, sorts of stories, but we should talk about this a little bit anyway because I think this leads to a bigger problem in the games industry right now.
Loki, would you mind starting us off with tonight's story, which, by the way, was posted in our Discord server, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
I encourage you to join our Discord server and talk with us throughout the week because sometimes y'all post stories, and I don't know if Loki stole it from Discord, but he found the exact same story, and we like to talk about him on air because y'all find some neat stuff.
So, Loki, what's...
Where are we starting tonight?
Yeah, so Game Industry Biz reported on a survey done by Media Research that was basically pulling different gamers from around the world and asking them what type of gaming do you like doing?
Is it, you know,
PvE, PvP, Couch Co-op, Single Player, that type of stuff.
And they broke it up across all the different age brackets and come to find out 53% of gamers actually prefer to play games offline or a single player game.
Gasp, no.
I know, it's so crazy.
It does also trend upwards as you get older.
Probably because, you know, as a lot of folks are
In the 9-5, you know, day-to-day, it's hard to stay competitive in online games when a lot of, like, younger people have a lot more free time to do that stuff.
And so it can kind of dissuade you from wanting to do that type of thing.
Well, and a lot of us over the age of 30 and 40 don't like to log on to voice chat just to be called a slur, something misogynistic.
Like, I think a lot of us are just kind of over that.
Yeah, yeah.
Especially when it's like a 14-year-old that's saying it.
I flashback all the way to episode one of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio episode one, when DarkSakura was ranting about a mother who was changing her baby's diaper on a keyboard mania machine.
Yeah.
Where is your mother?
I will find her and I will talk to her.
Yeah, 74% of folks over the age of 55 prefer single-player gaming.
Also, 58% of mobile gamers prefer single-player titles as well.
Which is very interesting.
That is very interesting.
But, I mean, you know, there's a reason things like, like, I would say Candy Crush is single-player.
It's probably, like, more casual.
Like, you're just, like, you don't want the hassle or you don't have the internet infrastructure or you don't want to play a competitive game on a device that has no controller.
Like, it's
I could see a lot of reasons why you wouldn't want to do that.
Well, where would something like, let's say, Pokemon Go or Monster Hunter now?
Because you all know I'm obsessed with AR games.
I've talked about it a bunch.
Would a game like Pokemon Go, I mean, technically it's multiplayer, but I think for most people that's a very single-player experience until I'm ready to raid.
Like, it's a very incidental thing.
I think it's more like a single-player game with some online co-op
or PVP elements to it so it's even though it is an online game you're playing most of the game single player until you do like a raid or you fight you know you battle somebody or something like that but otherwise it's pretty much just a solo game yeah
or even like Pikmin, which, you know, again, another one I love is a very solo game, but like it's solo, but like you get to share stats with friends in meaningful ways.
Like that's, that's about how multiplayer that game gets.
So it's.
Yeah.
And I think that's good.
I mean, honestly, like if the question is, well, well, gamers prefer single player.
Why, why are they pushing for multiplayer money?
It's always money.
It's because they make so much money on online game, live service games.
that are successful, because there's a lot that aren't.
It's quite the gamble.
But if you do have a successful online live service game, then you rake in tons of money.
I mean, look at Grand Theft Auto Online.
Look at, you know, Fortnite.
Look at Overwatch.
Lots of perfect examples of making lots of money.
Look at Conquered.
Look at Babylon's Fall.
Look at, you know, the problem...
Look at Foam Stars having to make a big change.
We'll talk about this later.
There's only so much space in that box.
There's a finite number of players and a finite number of time that those players can play those games.
And it's just, if you're not putting out a compelling game or an argument to play your game, then people won't play your game and you'll get shut down really fast.
And also why companies are scared as hell to make new IPs.
Well, I mean, new IPs in the live service area, yeah, they should be scared.
Because it's just, it's very, you're relying on... Unless you're pulling in Disney, Speedstorm, Marvel, the Overwatch thingy, whatever it's called, I can't even remember now.
Unless you're pulling in something else that's recognizable, right?
Or Fortnite, pulling in literally everything.
I just, I mean...
I don't know.
I don't really like those types of games.
Granted, if there was something that was really interesting, maybe I would play that.
But a lot of the stuff that comes out, especially when you start talking about all the monetization and stuff with it, it just really doesn't sound good.
Especially when you're having companies essentially try to adopt the mobile free-to-play model with a game that costs $80.
Like...
no you can't have it both ways I mean sure you could try but like it's it just screams very just greed driven and I'm sorry like if the argument is well our game is too expensive to make and we need to do all this to be sustainable then go back to the drawing board and think of something smaller like do something less crazy I mean go look at Among Us look at like you know um
Fall Guys, you know, stuff like that.
I mean, sure, those games didn't cost millions and millions of dollars to make.
And a lot of these things too, they're like spending a ton of money in game promotion.
And I think that's almost unnecessary if you have a pretty solid title.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
OG Happy Dude is bringing up Fortnite in chat kind of talking about the other way around remember it was supposed to be a single player game and Battle Royale was going to be like an extra thing and then Battle Royale just took the fuck over and OG Happy Dude in chat is asking where the hell is the single player co-op save the world experience that we were supposed to get in Fortnite I believe it's I believe it came out some time ago but it's like it's very de-emphasized like it's there in the shop you can buy it for like 10 bucks or however much but they very de-emphasized
Um, not something that's like front and center.
Uh, but I'm pretty sure it's there, but you know, now Fortnite, you know, again, Fortnite is now a platform and we've talked about this several months ago on the show.
Fortnite is no longer a game battle Royale or Fortnite colon battle Royale is the game.
Fortnite is now a platform because Fortnite also has Lego Fortnite, Rock Band 5.
Oh, excuse me, Lego Festival or whatever the hell they call that.
Fortnite Festival, that's it.
The racing game.
And there's going to be more things like that.
Fortnite is now a multi...
console platform of its own it's a virtual platform of its own and that's exactly where Fortnite I think wanted to be this whole time and it's it's that is really a thing of its own that's that and there's really not space for a lot of other things like it I think to be honest so
Yeah, OG Happy Dude says, that's dumb.
A free online, very toxic player base only to pay for the single player co-op experience?
F that.
Well, here's the thing.
The multiplayer experience really isn't free either.
I mean, sure.
You can play a lot for free and you can get through, but they're going to entice you with that battle pass.
Don't you want an Ariana Grande skin?
I got suckered in the Aria.
Don't you want a Tron skin?
Okay, I maybe got suckered in the Tron skin too.
Eventually, there's going to be something that's going to get you.
they're gonna get you unless you are very strong-willed or really really casual in your gameplay and that stuff really does not matter to you because of course I could sit here and say it's it's impossible to and someone's always gonna speak up and say I didn't do it of course of course you can you can be very strong-willed and get through that stuff without ever spending a dime but they make it very difficult they make it very very okay gotcha yeah sorry even OG happy dude says in chat the Ryu and Chun-Li skins got me sigh see see
We agree.
That's funny.
But no, you're not alone.
You're not alone.
There's something, even DarkSakura, you even bought something in Fortnite, didn't you?
Didn't you buy?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got the Ariana Grande skins and I got Emma Frost.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So there's, they get you eventually.
Goddess.
You know.
Also, I got the Master of Puppets emote because it's absolutely hilarious to watch Ariana Grande doing Master of Puppets.
I love Fortnite Festival with Ariana Grande when you can do like a death metal song with her on vocals.
Fun.
Anyway, here's, I guess, maybe like the point and what I wanted to get to with this.
So yeah, there's, it's, I mean, 53% is also not a big majority.
53% sounds like a poll in the presidential election right now.
We know how like disgustingly close this presidential election is.
Which shouldn't be, but that's another topic.
It is, and 53 is still pretty close.
But the way the industry operates sometimes, and especially with a lot of these companies you look at that are failing, it really looks like they're putting all of their eggs in one half of the basket.
and so on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Mass Effect 3 for me was like that perfect balance and I know a lot of people hated the multiplayer of Mass Effect 3 so people are going to disagree with me and that's fine but I think Mass Effect 3 was that perfect balance of like there is a full ass fucking rounded single player awesome experience here
and then there's a little multiplayer experience you can get in there and teehee with your friends and it really was to be played with your friends because it was a horde mode, PvE type of game that you can go do on the side and I actually found that really rewarding in that experience and that's where I think game design is best when it's really a single player focused game and multiplayer is something that's kind of added there a little bit after the fact
Not necessarily a hard and fast rule because, sure, I enjoy Dead by Daylight as well, which has no single-player mode.
They are starting to contract with other companies to make single-player experiences, like the casting of Frank Stone.
That's a single-player game.
But bye-bye, Dark...
Dead by Daylight is a multiplayer game.
Not every game is going to be that either, even in the horror space.
Like, I feel like a lot of games that try to be in that same asymmetrical space have kind of...
Texas Chainsaw Massacre it's still there actually Alan really still loves Texas Chainsaw Massacre and plays it but they don't they're not able to get that same constant support and it's kind of killer clowns I feel like hit really fast and then although I'm shocked that they got the Elvira that's a game I wouldn't mind seeing die well
For personal reasons.
I know, but they got the Elvira.
When you put the clownophobia aside, the Elvira license is huge.
I'm kind of shocked.
We didn't talk about that last week, I don't think.
But they got Elvira licensed, which I was like, what?
What?
That's not to say Elvira can't be in other games.
That's still not enough to get me over that game.
No, I understand.
And then what else?
Obviously Friday the 13th came before Dead by Daylight, but Friday the 13th I think kind of imploded for a lot of other reasons.
I don't think it had anything to do, because I think that team actually made Killer Clowns.
So they're still kind of doing their thing.
And then what else?
There's another asymmetrical game that was being streamed for a hot minute that came out.
What was the one
Our buddy Isoco loved to stream it.
It was the schoolhouse game.
They were in the high school running around.
The little puppet, the doll master.
VHS.
That's it.
There was that.
That one came and went.
So... Anyways, I just...
OG HappyDude says, Elvira in Dead by Daylight?
I wish.
That's where I'd like to see her, but she's actually just getting added to Killer Clowns from Outer Space.
DarkSakura has said it on the show before.
She does not care for clowns, which is a very common kind of phobia.
There's a lot of people that probably are not going to ever play that game unless they do something like what they do with the spiders in...
Grounded, and you can turn them into blobs with eyes.
That's the only way some people are going to be able to play that game is killer blobs or whatever.
There's another game that turns all the spiders into...
It turns them into like a... It's the word spider.
I've seen that one before.
There was another game recently that also had a mode where you actually turned them into another creature.
It turned them into like squirrels or something.
There was one that turned them into cats.
Interesting.
And I think that may have been...
God, I think that was Grounded.
Well, no, Grounded was the one that turned the spiders into blobs.
But there was another one recently.
Yeah, they're just little blobs with eyes.
There was another one recently.
I can't think of it.
It's okay.
It's okay.
Oh, it's... No, it turned... The cat one is from Satisfactory.
That's what that one is.
Mike Deft says Lethal Company does that.
Loki turns the spiders into the word spiders.
Spiders.
I know I've seen a bunch of different things like that.
Yeah, recently I saw on a Let's Game It Out video the spiders turned into cats on Satisfactory.
Just cat heads.
But that's worse.
I don't want to hurt cats.
That's...
Yeah, because they meow when you kill them, too.
Oh, that's horrible!
That's horrible!
It's not really a spider.
Or it's not really cats, it's spiders.
I'd rather do the spiders, to be quite honest.
So, there's that.
Alright, anyway.
The other point I'm really trying to make with this is that we've talked about how the industry is almost feeling like it's in a soft crash right now.
It's not a crash as hard as 1983, 1984 when they basically took the consoles out with it and all that.
I don't think we're in that hard of a crash right now.
We're definitely in a soft crash, and that's evidenced by all the layoffs we see going on.
And I think it's because too many companies are putting too many eggs in the multiplayer basket, and there's not enough people that really want that.
And I would say case in point is probably Sony's whole... Remember when Sony said they were working on, what was it, 12 live service games?
And then they came out and said, nope, just kidding, we're working on six.
and now one of them has flopped like there's really no other way to put it you know it really kind of damages everything
I just hope the industry is hearing this, but unfortunately, these boobs at the top that often run these things and make these types of calls only see the dollar signs that things like Fortnite and Dead by Daylight and the leaders of the game make thinking, oh, we take that template, we put it on our game, and profit.
or they just do short-term profits so that the CEO's like, okay, how can I get as much money as possible?
Not thinking about the company, it's just for themselves.
And so they'll make all sorts of bad decisions or whatever to make sure that they hit their target so they get their bonuses.
And then if people hate them, they just get fired and then move to the next company and do the same thing.
Because that's how corporations work nowadays, apparently.
FifthDream in chat says, the amount of trash junk games that come out these days feels so much like the 80s Crash.
Just, yeah, I mean, it just, it's big games, too.
Ubisoft, really stupid for putting the whole word of, you know, quadruple A studio in everybody's brains because...
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, the sales that they got are deserved.
They deserve the lack of sales that they got, and I hope there's a lot of refunds too, because honestly, I understand that there's teams and stuff that are working on this, but someone needs to be held accountable, and unfortunately it's not going to be the CEOs or the managers or whatever, but they are the ones accountable.
They knew the state that the game was in when they released it.
They did it anyways because they want to hit their metrics so they get their money.
They don't care about everybody else, and then that's it.
Let me get a couple other comments in chat and then I want to get into our gaming weeks here.
But y'all are on fire in chat tonight over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SheHulk10 says, I think the crash is happening because there are too many great games and people that can normally afford to buy the games are not buying them because of the backlog of great games.
Well, yeah, and it's also the fact when you try to make one game last forever...
That's where your gaming time is going, is to that one game.
And, you know, that's followed up with some comments.
FifthDream says, my main game is Fallout 76.
It's that old now.
QuestBuster says, there's only so much time and money people can spread out on so many games.
A few months ago, there was that research report that noted 60% of time spent gaming was games six or more years old, like Fortnite with QuestBuster there.
Look at Loki.
Look at Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
What did you play this week?
Oh, Minecraft?
You don't say!
And I'm just giving you shit, but it is also an obvious, like, that game is old!
That game is the classic game of the week at this point!
But it's still... There's a lot of new code in there.
Yes, yes, but that's still an example of a game that is getting those constant updates to keep the money kind of coming in and people hooked.
And it keeps people from playing other games.
and it's no different DarkSakura and Dead by Daylight myself and Diablo 4 and Final Fantasy 14 about evenly we've all got our vice somewhere like it's that's the nature of this industry that we're in right now and Bobby Blackwolf I'm going to add the final say on this because I think this is on point broken games are what you get when you rely too much on chat GPT yes
I would never encourage the vandalizing of gaming studios I would never encourage that but in a video game like let's say I was playing Jet Set Future in a video game if I had a thing of graffiti I would want to write that on the wall of where the CEO works broken games are what you get when you rely too much on chat GBT
Print.
Put that on the back of the box.
Put that on the back of the industry.
Tattoo it on the industry's ass.
On that note, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
What did you play this week, broken or not?
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of minimal.
I played Pollya, I played Dead by Daylight, but I didn't really play much of anything else because Rosh Hashanah happened, and then, you know, Fuck It Friday happened, and then...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
um so I I haven't really felt like because most of the stuff I play is on stream so I haven't really felt like putting on my headphones and I'm on Benadryl so I haven't really felt like playing anything but um you know just just doing the usual maybe a couple of um like easy SNES games I've been playing too and of course a Suika game so nice all right Loki how was your gaming week
um well as you said it was just Minecraft but there were some things I did I promise I'm not being shady you do you do actually you play Minecraft a lot because you are a multimedia Minecraft producer and you do great stuff so of course you spend a lot of time playing it
This week, yeah, I was testing out.
They released the snapshot for the new update, so I was checking out some of that stuff.
Not much to really say there.
It's still very early.
But the main thing this week was KubeCon.
So KubeCon is a virtual convention for Minecraft that's in Minecraft.
And they hold it about once a year around October, around this time.
And so we had a booth there.
And so we were kind of supporting that for charity, for the...
I'm trying to remember what the charity now is called.
It's the CubeCon charity though, but they raised like $16,000 for all that.
Oh wow, I love that though.
Yeah, yeah, that's pretty fun.
So we have like a virtual booth so you can visit, they have like talks.
That's so fucking adorable, like I love that.
Like what a very, how very 2020, but I also love, like I just love that concept.
Yeah, and they build, like, they have a virtual hall and everything, and, like, you can actually, like, get a hotel room and hold parties there if you want and stuff like that.
Can you trash it?
I mean, yeah, you can kind of break stuff and, like, redesign everything.
So, in a sense, yes, you can.
Um...
and what else?
Yeah, so we did that for like three days and met a lot of people and just, you know, hung out and played some of the games that they had there and stuff.
But yeah, it was all right.
That sounds fun.
All right.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, we'll go to my gaming week, which was quite a bit of Diablo 4 because the expansion is out on Tuesday.
If you can believe it, it's already here and the current season ends tomorrow.
And I, I'm really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and some of the companion builds you can do in that game where like, you know, the dogs are doing all the fighting for you.
So like, you know, Druid kind of has something like that, but boy, Druids get squishy towards the end game and I'm getting one hit killed and it is frustrating the hell out of me.
But I'm finally kind of
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Let's play a mode where if I die, it's over.
So I played Hardcore, which is the first time I've done in Diablo 4 actually this entire time.
But I did a Barbarian and I'm specifically doing like a Thorns build that makes it very hard for you to die.
So that's been kind of fun.
But I only got that up to about level 35 before I just decided I was just going to suck it up with the Druid and finish off the season.
But yeah, the expansion is out this week and I'm very excited about it.
The other thing I've been doing is retro games.
I made good on my promise last week to dive into playing and streaming some retro games.
I was kind of being a little sly about what was the game I was going to do first.
It was Balloon Fight was the game I played first, which was, of course, a reason why I love to pick that game first is because that was the game that Iwata worked on before he was the CEO of Nintendo.
And so I love that concept of like a lot of the great names you know from Nintendo's history were kind of involved in
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It actually shows you what rank you are on the leaderboard as you play and I was never able to get to one.
I got to one when we were on stream.
So I played that and then I let the chat vote on what we did next.
So we played Pimbot, the 8-bit version of Pimbot, for better or for worse.
There's some things that that translation did very well.
There's some things that translation did kind of...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I played start to finish in one stream it took me about four and a half hours and I shit you not probably the last hour and a half of that was me struggling on level nine because I could not remember where anything was and that level is nasty because there's like essentially warps all over or like those rooms where it's like oh if you go down this ladder and go up that you turn out in a completely different place it just took me forever to find my way around that but I got there eventually and beat it
so that felt really good so yeah if you want to see the archives I'm trying to build up YouTube again with some of the archives so Rob Roberts Plays on YouTube Rob Roberts Plays just Rob Roberts on Twitch but Rob Roberts Plays on YouTube alright that was pretty much it for my gaming week next week Diablo 4 expansion and more retro I can already tell you I know what games I want to play next
um let's get into some more gaming news I don't have anything else to talk about here at the top of the show so let's get into some more gaming news Loki you want to start us off yes so Microsoft is now uh turned to asking game devs why don't you like us why won't you make Xbox games come on guys we're cool why won't you do that um so they're actually now um trying to uh
I guess I send out surveys to different developers asking them, hey, if you're making video games, we're interested in hearing from you.
If you aren't on Xbox, we'd love to know why.
And honestly, if you're using our competitors' products, you probably have a great perspective we could learn from.
They're hoping to gain fresh perspectives and avoid becoming an echo chamber.
It's a bit like testing players who play games like yours.
They're your target audience and you want to hear fresh perspectives because their expectations may differ from folks who are deep in your community.
But, of course, there are some obvious possible answers for that.
One being that, you know,
Game Pass isn't really promoting players to basically buy Xbox hardware but not games.
Low hardware sales.
Also requiring games to be released on both the Xbox Series S and X might pose a problem as well.
So...
I guess we'll have to wait and see what comes out of this if we ever hear anything because, I mean, Microsoft's going to be getting the information.
I doubt they'll be sharing it.
Hey guys, we found out the devs don't like us because our consoles suck.
Here's the list of top 10 reasons.
We asked 100 people and the top 7 are on the board.
They really like the ray tracing that's on the Sony PlayStation 5, and they really like the wireless motion controls of the Switch controller.
Yeah, they're not going to come out and say all that stuff.
I'm sorry, that's not going to happen.
Basically, it does come off as a little bit desperate, but at the same time,
Yeah.
Yeah.
What do you think it is?
I think the Xbox Series S is a serious thing.
Yeah, I think it's that.
And I've heard people say they should just drop support for that, but here's the thing.
The Series S is a big part of the reason why Microsoft is doing as well as they are right now.
It does make an attractive budget console to allow people to play next-gen games without necessarily having to drop $700 on a PS5 Pro in order to do it.
Then they may just have to stream it, like have it so that the Xbox Series S supports these games, but only in streaming.
The problem is, though, that that communication to players, it's going to be a little bit convoluted, I guess, and there could be a lot of confusion on the consumer side.
I'm also very much of the mindset, if you're making games for the Switch still, you can make a game for the Xbox Series S. Like, the S is still more powerful than a Nintendo Switch, which is still...
You know, going all this time later, we still do not have a Switch successor.
I think a lot of development is on the Switch successor now.
I think that is the worst kept secret of all the trust me bro people out there.
That said though, like the Switch successor probably going to be about as powerful as an Xbox Series S, I would imagine.
Actually, that's a very good point.
That's a very good point.
So, and we know, we already know the Nintendo Switch successor is...
is very likely to sell oodles and oodles like they're gonna have to like really have a screwy price or like fuck this up colossally somehow I just don't see that happening I really don't like we're not gonna have a Wii U situation there's a reason everybody's calling this the Switch 2
Nintendo, even though that's probably not going to be the name, Nintendo knows the formula that works now.
And if you think about it, the Wii U was really the first step in that direction.
It just wasn't there yet.
So Nintendo knows the formula now and they're not going to deviate from it.
Yeah, Mike Deft says people are buying a Series S not because they want the greatest graphics.
They want it to be able to play games.
Yeah, and that's it at the end of the day.
DJ Ranma S has some other suggestions in chat here talking about get rid of the Series S or at least make it with the same specs as the X with half the memory and storage.
I get that, and you could probably do that to an extent with how technology is getting cheaper.
You could probably release a stronger version of the Xbox Series S. What about all the people that already have one?
that's that's where you start to walk a slippery slope and I again I'm gonna say if you're developing for Nintendo you can develop for a Series S but you know yeah once you get past a certain point it gets harder and harder that's for sure um
No more day one releases of games.
Stagger the release of first party games to get people and buy an Xbox.
Let the Xbox team actually work and do what works and upper management should let them be.
Well, that I will agree with.
Number three, that's for sure.
The day one releases of games, that's a tricky one because they really want Game Pass.
They really want Game Pass to be a thing.
But I would agree...
to an extent they ought to try a little more the movie formula and let something cook for a little while maybe six months on the market before they move it on to game pass but I fully understand the game pass is going to lose a lot of value if you do that and it's going to be harder to justify these price increases for game pass so they need to get more old shit on game pass
right and that's why they're pushing the highest tier now is where you can get those day one games not any of the lower tiers so that's why they're doing that still it's because of the additional revenue that they're going to get from that and yeah some games aren't day one on Game Pass and then they eventually come to that later on but I think they have to do it that way right now
Actually, I have a question about Game Pass.
It was a while ago in chat.
SheHulk, sorry, this was like 20 minutes ago.
SheHulk10 said a while ago, Starfield is a great single player game.
And that did make me think about that expansion for Starfield that came out.
You may or may not be aware, Starfield got an expansion.
And my understanding is Bethesda is trying to respond to some of the criticism Starfield got about the, yeah, it has a thousand planets, but it's a thousand soulless planets.
I'm generalizing the criticism.
What they tried to do with this expansion is they handmade one planet.
There's an intent behind that, Loki.
It's to make it feel like a Fallout or Elder Scrolls type of game because it's designed with intent so the exploration feels a little more meaningful.
it's almost like they didn't need all those extra planets is what it sounds like that's exactly what I'm saying is the main criticism of the game as it was but they're trying to shift things a little bit I have heard good things about the expansion but my curiosity is did they put the expansion on Game Pass or no?
because I'm thinking they didn't I might get a discount but yeah, I don't know interesting
I don't know
SheHulk10 says the graphics race is over now.
It's time to make great games.
I agree mostly.
It's going to be very interesting to see how the PlayStation 5 Pro ultimately does.
Because I really feel like gaming media, a lot of sites, the big sites online, they keep pushing this whole, oh, the PS5 Pro is up to supporting 60 games now.
Look at all this stuff the PS5 Pro can do.
And I'm still kind of sitting here going, I don't think that's going to necessarily translate into sales.
I still feel like that bar is way too high on the PlayStation 5 Pro to really... But if that system does sell well, then that's going to say, yeah, people do still really care about graphics.
But you look at a lot of shit that's popular today, Minecraft, Among Us, Vampire Survivor, none of these games are known for their graphics.
Right?
As long as the gameplay is rock fucking solid, people are gonna show up.
But again, I think it's a little bit of both.
I think a really pretty game can draw people to your game.
I think that's why Final Fantasies are still a mainstay of the JRPG genre, even when they do games that are quite mediocre, quite frankly, like XV.
Some would argue XVI is kind of mediocre too.
XVI...
16 is a little more upset.
It's Peaks and Valleys.
16 is a little more of a case of Peaks and Valleys for me.
The opening, the demo, I'm telling you, if you've never played the first three hours of 16, there's a demo on PS5.
That same demo is now on PC.
That is a peak for 16.
Play that because that's about as high of a peak as that game gets.
Not that the rest is bad, but there's some really good parts still, but it kind of goes Peaks and Valleys, Peaks and Valleys, Peaks and Valleys.
I'm reading more.
SheHulk says Shattered Space DLC is beautiful.
I have heard it is a very good looking game.
Mike Def says Game Pass opens the door for someone trying something new and that they probably wouldn't get otherwise.
100%.
That way, like you're saying, interest will decrease and either you buy the game day one because you really want it or like I said, just wait for a sale at that point.
uh DJ Ranma S says interest isn't going to wane let's be real if Microsoft said they were going to release their titles to Game Pass 30 days after release it's not going to be an issue at all what happens with a game now this was not a Microsoft game but what happens with a game like Concord a game that flops in seven days but see Concord's biggest problem is it should have been a Game Pass game I know wrong company you all know I understand but let's be real Concord should have been a Game Pass game
Concord should have been a Sony Game Pass game for Microsoft.
Okay, that makes no sense.
I get it.
It makes no sense.
But that's what that is.
So it should have been a PlayStation Plus giveaway game.
We'll say that.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about Nintendo.
So you can go and watch those games, but spoiler alert, if you're going to go looking for these speedruns, be prepared.
Spoiler, spoiler, spoilers.
Apparently, a Twitch streamer by the name of OnakuTV got through the game in 52 minutes and 51 seconds.
And apparently, a sub-50 is within reach.
And the article I'm peeking at is from Wednesday, so for all I know, they've already gotten under 50.
That's pretty impressive for a game that just came out.
But...
apparently it also doesn't surprise me because apparently some of the things people are saying about echoes of wisdom is that certain echoes like break the game like certain echoes are like like um it's even coming across my TikTok I saw a TikTok that was like if you get the spider in the first area that spider thing lets you go anywhere you can climb up walls and do like whatever and it's very and then apparently the bed is the most powerful item in the entire game that's what I'm hearing
So but it's it's interesting.
I mean, and honestly, it's not out of character with the more recent big budgets or big budget looking Zelda games, because I feel like a lot of those other they're they're easily solvable with certain tricks with the magnets and the things that are available in that game, too.
So, you know, it's it's on it's on theme.
apparently also contributing to why this game is getting by so quick there is a sequence breaking warp glitch and if you want to know more about that it is on reddit in rspeedrun but warning that will involve visiting reddit in its current form but you do you do I don't know how much I want to say but you summon a particular echo after completing the first dungeon and you do a warp mechanic that takes you right to the end so you know
Hey, is that any different from Super Mario Bros.
3 and the warp whistles?
Not really.
So it's just a different way of doing it.
So check that out if you want.
Also on the Zelda Echoes of Wisdom front, apparently there is a way that you can actually exploit a glitch.
So you could be cloaked Link in the very beginning of Echoes of Wisdom.
So minor spoiler, but it is the very beginning.
You get to play as Cloak Link.
Well, of course, somebody figured out here's how to play the entire game as Cloaked Link.
And basically, once you get through the first dungeon, you do a very similar type of glitch.
And once you get to the game over screen, you restart the game as Link rather than Zelda, which, you know, kind of ruins the whole purpose because now you have Link's weapons, the sword, the shield, arrows, bombs.
Your progress is completely reset, but, you know,
and DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh yeah, so there's a lot more going on with Ubisoft and their stock in particular.
Their shares have jumped more than 30% as of this past Friday.
This is following some reports that Tencent and the Gamalt family are considering doing a full buyout.
Right now they are minority stakeholders and they've been working on trying to stabilize the company after, of course, it lost half of its market share.
And so right now their shares have surged up 33.5% to $15.57 a share.
now they've been trying to reach out for comment Ubisoft and Tencent did not say anything but I don't know I think that this is them trying to prevent the company leaving the family which means we'd be stuck with Gimel forever ever but I mean
It's just a little bit more to add to it.
We'll see what happens.
It is very interesting that this is on the table.
I mean, as much as I hate it, from their perspective, they're meaning the Gimans, it is the very logical counter move here.
But it also shows that there is some very, like, there is credibility to this notion that people...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I would want to save it.
You know, I'm just going to throw that little bit out there.
Yeah, again, from their perspective, I get it.
You know, it's it is a lot.
But I just I'm surprised that this that what's going on is serious enough that they are considering that countermeasure.
That's just kind of surprising, because I think last week when we were talking about it was kind of like, oh, you know, it's an activist.
He's only got 10 percent.
It's interesting.
It's happening, but it's probably not going to go anywhere.
Yeah.
We'll see.
And maybe...
as much as I keep saying he needs to be done maybe the solution is that they do take Ubisoft and then Ubisoft can rot that's it like and that sucks I'm sorry for the people that work there there's a lot of hard-working people you know that just but it's just one of those at that point I just don't know that I would ever be able to buy a game from them ever again yeah I mean
I can't think of anything that I've really purchased from them in a while.
Which I don't think will be hard to do.
Apparently.
Actually, that's a boycott.
I think I played an Assassin's Creed game on Game Pass.
I played Assassin's Creed Odyssey on Game Pass.
That was the last Ubisoft game I think I actually played.
Avatar game that I had already paid for.
Honestly, I super love it.
I'm not going to lie.
It's a great game.
But
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Let's talk about maybe things happening to smaller labels.
Loki.
Yep, so Devolver Digital has launched a big fan games label for indie developed licensed games.
When it comes to licensed games, they say we think there's room for a new approach, one where indie developers get to make the call.
So that could be a variety of properties.
They said from a team that Dune, Star Wars, Blade Runner, Lord of the Rings, Hellboy, Evil Dead, John Wick, Blair Witch, Power Rangers, and more.
um that sounds interesting I'd be curious to see like some smaller indie studios take on some of these titles that said however not all indie studios producing licensed games works out great like Golem or uh that King Kong game that came out
King Kong Skull Island so they're not all going to be winners but I would assume that Devolver Digital has a lot more quality control than say some of these other studios so I would trust them a little more than somebody can step in and say yo a King Kong game in 2024 probably not it somebody can step in and say maybe you shouldn't alright yeah
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'll play with y'all He still owes me a game of Dead by Daylight I'm going to have to cash that in because I think I bought it for him on Steam it was like $6 or $7 during a sale and I was like now you have no excuse but I played Foam Stars on the street and again the game's not bad where the mistake was made was charging money up front for it once it was off it's
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
the industry spoke loud and clear and I think Foamstar's initial I don't want to say flop but initial kind of
Soft Floop on the Pillow in regards to what it made in the marketplace is a testament to that.
Well, now Foam Stars is officially free to play.
So if you want to go in there and check it out now on PlayStation 4 and 5, you can go in.
That also means you do not need PlayStation Plus, which is another huge change.
Being that it is now in the free-to-play category, you actually don't need PS Plus to be able to play it online.
That could be a huge game changer for some people.
If you did buy the game originally, you get a legacy gift with 12 color variant Bubble Beastie skins, whatever that is, a new slideboard design, and a legacy title in the game.
Those are all available to people who had the game originally.
So now that is open to all.
And of course, Foam Stars was kind of like Splatoon, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but I would say it's worth a look especially now that it's free to play so this is a good call for the game we'll just see if it's too little too late because I'm not sure there's going to be a lot of people talking about Foam Stars after this week it needs to build up the community it needs to build up the streams and all that type of stuff for people to give a hoot about Foam Stars so we'll see what happens in the next week DarkSakura, what do you have next for us?
Oh, this and that.
Predominantly, apparently something wanting me to sell all of my stuff to them.
Anyway, there is going to be an unofficial Genesis or Mega Drive port of Ladder House.
Monster Bath Games that did Death Wish Enforcers and Guard Grave have been putting aside their own stuff to do a fan-made port of Splatterhouse and they were going to be using the Scorpion engine to bring the arcade version over
So, I think it'll be interesting.
Yeah, the only thing that came out for Mega Drive was Splatterhouse 2 and Splatterhouse 3.
Those did get official releases.
I think it's going to be pretty fun.
I hope no one, you know, sends them a C&D.
But, yeah, Splatterhouse.
Yeah, an appropriate piece of news for October, that's for sure.
Go ahead.
Apparently, Splatterhouse also got a release for Analog Pocket.
Really?
Yeah.
I missed that.
So, let's see.
DarkTetsuya in chat says, it's definitely impressive the little bit I saw of it.
Surprised it never made it to Genesis or Mega Drive.
Yeah.
I'm assuming that was a licensing or system rights holder related reason why.
Because 2 and 3 would have been after the TurboGrafx was kind of off the market, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So maybe that's why.
All right.
Well, going from ports to other things that we know companies don't like, right, Loki?
Well, yeah.
So Nintendo has gone after yet another Switch emulator.
So Ryujinx is now actually CCing to offer their emulator downloads.
and have removed the code along with that.
It says, yesterday, GDK Chan, who is the Ryu Jinx creator, was contacted by Nintendo and offered an agreement to stop working on the project, remove the organization and all related assets he's in control of.
as well as while waiting confirmation on whether he would take this agreement the organization has been removed I think it's safe to say we know what the outcome is so basically they said take it down or we're going to sue you essentially I think and so not wanting to fight a lawsuit you know
Yeah, once on the internet, always on the internet, right?
True, true.
But, you know, it's not going to be getting any more updates or anything like that unless, you know, someone forks the code for that or backed up all that stuff, which they may have.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it'll be interesting to see.
but the tricky part is when it comes to new games like yes we can talk about games preservation that's important and yes we can talk about homebrew that's important but the reality is when Nintendo is actively selling Switch stuff including like Echoes of Wisdom right and other things that are going to be their major holiday titles and how Nintendo is making its money this holiday season Nintendo is going to actively shut this shit down especially when they see whether
Intentional or not, it goes back to that whole rule of sometimes the truth doesn't matter, it's what's perceived that matters.
And when you have that emulator next to Echoes of Wisdom, ready to download now, that perception?
Not good.
and Nintendo's gonna go after that because they see that as an attack on their wallet and their rights and all that stuff which I mean when it comes to like stuff that they kind of have a right to do that you know I want to support emulators and again I stand by everything I said on the last video like modders have done so and I put emulator designers in with like the modder community and this have done so much for the community especially when it comes to game preservation and playing these games that would otherwise be lost to time
but maybe you just kind of have to keep that a little bit close to your chest until Nintendo moves on to the next system which to be fair Nintendo has waited way too long to do and I think that's what's made this very interesting well people would say well Rob the Switch is still selling and I would say you have a point but yeah what's making this very interesting is that of course the Switch is being emulated it's been on the market for nine fucking years
9 years and also the hardware wasn't very powerful to begin with.
So like, for example, now they have, you know, with the developer was working on iOS ports of the emulator.
They had an Android port that's already running Mario Kart 8.
Wow.
So like the fact that you can run Mario Kart 8 on a phone.
Oh yeah, Nintendo hates that.
So yeah, they're going to shut it down.
But I think it's also a sign that this is why Nintendo needs to step it up on their hardware and get to the next system because this is not going away for them.
I mean, yeah, they're going to get it taken down publicly, but I guarantee, I guarantee, A, that code has been forked.
B, there are Discord servers running underground where people are still editing, updating, changing, and making that code work so that when the day comes when Nintendo moves on to the next system and they don't have their eyes on the Switch original anymore, they're going to go put that a little more out there.
Hey, look at this.
Yeah, hey, look at this.
So...
or actually when it'll be when the support for the original Switch gets pulled.
Which will happen someday.
Look at Wii U. Look at 3DS.
It'll happen someday.
And when the Switch support inevitably gets pulled, here's the emulator we've been working on in secret this whole time.
And at that point, they're going to be heroes in every regard because, yay, game preservation.
You did it.
You made it so that all these... I mean, maybe the Switch 2 will be backwards compatible with all the Switch stuff so it will feel like less of a need.
but um there's still gonna be you know there's gonna be games that just for whatever reason the online servers get pulled or whatever let's say something like Mario Maker 2 the online servers get pulled or whatever and they're lost to time if it's not for emulators and other ways of uh running these types of things all right anyway let's move on DarkSakura so um
Wait, no, it's me.
Just kidding.
You know what's funny?
I originally had given you this story, and then I was like, I think she'd like the Splatterhouse one better.
Yeah, I do like the Splatterhouse one.
Thank you.
Originally, you had this one, though.
That's why my brain was like, you're talking about it.
But no, you're not.
I am.
I was like, shouldn't I be talking about...
Something that never came to pass?
Yes, we will get to that shortly.
But first, let's talk about something that is coming to pass, whether you like it or not.
It's a new arcade one-up machine, like the ones I have behind me as we're broadcasting live.
Except this one is not a game.
in the traditional sense.
Arcade 1-Up is putting out a claw machine.
Yes, they are.
Well, I guess you know what to get your husband for Christmas.
I already joked with him.
I said, Alan, do I need to get you a claw machine for Christmas?
And his reaction was, absolutely not.
Dan knows what to get me.
What are you talking about?
We just don't have the room in this place.
If we had a different place.
Well, not that I do either.
Yeah, but...
Arcade1Up is actually going to be putting out a claw machine.
It's going to be a 66 inch high machine.
It's going to cost $499 and pre-sales have begun.
The claw machine actually has different modes.
There is easy mode, normal mode, and scam mode.
Gotcha pun.
yeah but that for like the claw machine it actually comes with 12 of those so if you if you have parties regularly this is the type of thing that like a party like people that host corporate parties and stuff should have one of these on the dolly because that would be a really fun thing I think people would be into for parties do that do I need one in my house I don't know about that but no I do no I no I certainly do not and I'll just come over and play it all the time
Jokes on you, I set mine to scam mode.
And every time you play, I say, give me a dollar.
And when you open the capsule, there's a piece of paper in it.
And then when you open the piece of paper, it says F-U-K-U.
Just so you can open it up and be like, Rab!
Rob.
This is crap.
Mine's just going to be nothing but a mile long sheet.
It's going to be a CVS receipt piece of paper that's just covered in... You know what I would really put in those prize capsules?
I would put the fucking plushies that Alan wins from playing, or has won, but I think he stopped playing as much.
But I would put the plushies that Alan actually won from playing these claw machines on whatever website he would
He used to stream it when he was streaming.
He had a website.
I need to look at that website again.
I've spent an age.
I don't remember what it is.
I don't remember either, and it's probably for the best that I don't.
But anyway, check that out.
If you are that into claw machines, you can now have your very own.
I do think it's really funny, to be honest.
Pod Culture says $500 and it doesn't even have prizes.
The prizes were the friends we lost along the way.
All right.
Well, let's move back to a simpler time and a time when things didn't even happen.
You know, we're going to do the segment called the Classic Game of the Week, but once a month in the year 2024, DarkSakura tells us about a game that actually never happened.
It's a figment of your imagination.
So let's get to the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
DarkSakura, what did you pick for the cancelled game of the month?
I picked Sonic Xtreme Yep, Sonic Xtreme It was a platformer that was developed by Sega Technical Institute starting in 1994 until it was cancelled in 1996 It was initially supposed to be the first fully 3D Sonic the Hedgehog game
to bring Sonic into the modern era.
And it was the only original, sorry, the first original Sonic game for Sega Saturn.
You basically were following Sonic on his ship to keep Eggman from stealing six magic rings from a character literally called Tiara Bubowski.
Boob-owski.
And her father.
Bubowski.
Love it.
you had open levels that rotated around a fixed sphere center area and you could get rings and it was supposed to be pretty fast but it was initially conceived as a side-scrolling game for the Genesis that was supposed to succeed Sonic & Knuckles and then Sega did their little shifteroo to the 32X and the game came with it
and then they worked on it for Saturn in Windows and then it got completely redesigned again to be intended to be released for the 1996 holiday season but you know stuff happens and there was a a visit by the Japanese Sega executives there were problems with game engines
including using one that came from Sonic Team that was used in Nights and finally with the designer and main programmer becoming sick
It actually was cancelled.
There was even a film tie-in with MGM Studios, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
So instead what happened is Sega released a port of Sonic 3D Blast, a Genesis game, but there was not another original Sonic game until Sonic Adventure came out on the Dreamcast.
and, uh,
it uh
A lot of the factors in here really seem like they made it into Sonic Adventure a little bit later.
It was very similar to playing Bug on Saturn, but that you had basically free roam, you had no linear path, and it used a fisheye camera system called the Reflex Lens that gives you a wide-angle view that moves around Sonic.
The levels rotate around the center so that you could run up
and so on.
and so there were four stages that were developed before the game was cancelled like the Jade Gully, Red Sands, Galaxy Fortress and Crystal Frost there were four characters that were modeled and textured their designs were over 50 enemies and an hour of music created Fang the Sniper and Metal Sonic were considered to be for bosses
all kinds of stuff there were even promotional materials that were created that involved Miss Bubowski and her father Gazebo Bubowski interesting and then of course Eggman himself
um so just to go a little bit more into the background uh Yuji Naka and some of the Japanese staff moved to California for the Sega Technical Institute um that wanted to combine elements and philosophy of American and Japanese game design um they worked on Sonic the Hedgehog 2 uh
there were language barriers though and there was a bit of a rift that developed but a few people came and left and so the American staff did Sonic Spinball and the Japanese staff did Sonic 3 and Sonic & Knuckles they had experimented with 3D graphics for Sonic 3 but could not implement them because the Genesis just couldn't knock it
Yuji Naka returned to Japan to work on Nights with Sonic Team.
And then, you know, things kind of just went downhill.
You know, there was even a statement that the Sega president...
Nakayama Hayao had really pushed hard on the American executives and thought that there were some bad decisions being made and things got really political after the PlayStation came out and people were pushing blame here and there and just sort of fell apart in the aftermath but
There were, I mean, there were game, just aspects of this that just went all the way through so many different revisions.
So I think it also fell into that area of developmental hell.
Apparently, when they were working on the development of Extreme, Naka came to visit and just said, good luck.
so the game was originally developed with two different game engines and they were using tools that were used in Panzer Dragoons Vi and some tools that had just been taken from a couple different other games and then they worked on making enemies and pre-rendered sprites and like I said, a lot of shifting around, a lot of idea changing and then
There was the dispute going on within Sega.
Like I said, there's just a lot of drama.
I'm not going to go full into the background of all of it.
There was a playable demo in May 1996 at E3.
And it used the engine that was created a lot later in there by...
One of the programmers and then they had actually taken that particular engine and decided that they were going to run with that instead.
So that's what this version was built around.
they were losing people left and right they were getting a lot of turnover and Coffin who developed that engine like I said earlier became really sick he had walking pneumonia and personally after having walking pneumonia myself yeah and the other one who became so sick they said that he had six months to live
but he recovered, I mean he's still alive but basically because the teams were just so just in such a state after all of that was going on that the decision was made to cancel the game
Um, now, um, it was announced in 1997 that it had been canceled.
So Sega put more focus on, uh, Nights into Dreams and the port of Sonic 3D Blast by Traveler's Tales.
Sonic Extreme was meant to be worked into bonus stages for 3D Blast, but they really couldn't do it.
They couldn't transfer Sonic's model over.
And then they worked on a version of this for the Dreamcast that did eventually become Sonic Adventure.
There are remnants of the prototype that can be seen in the game Sonic Jam.
Which, honestly, I'm kind of a fan of Sonic Jam.
It's just fun.
You know,
like a play around little game so like I said there was a film that was supposed to go with it and it was supposed to be live action and animation that was based on the world of Sonic and it was supposed to be called Sonic Wonders of the World there was a treatment that had been released that had Sonic and Robotnik escaping that world into the real world where have we seen that?
but like I said they had released the port of Sonic 3D Blast and we never really saw anything from it again except that all we had for a while was the different screenshots and then there was a copy of the early test engine that was sold in 2006 and someone put out like an animated gif of the gameplay
and then finally they had worked to try to buy the disc from that collector and the disc image was leaked online July 17, 2007 and then there was a site that was built around what they were able to get from there too and then I'm trying to find where the rest of this person's name is
it was another Sonic collector there's a lot on here but at any rate he wanted to actually complete the game himself but that didn't happen so there was a site in 2015, Sonic Retro that got the extreme source code and created a playable version that featured the levels that were shown in the E3 demo and then
It was pushed forward into a homebrew Saturn game that was based on Xtreme called Zonic Z-Stream in March 2017.
It's not listed here, but one of the ones that I found some video for was a Unity rebuild.
and it looked pretty neat.
But going back to ZStream, they took parts of Xtreme and his ideas and then played on them a little bit and got some really good nods for creativity and trying to do what they could with it.
But there you go.
This is the Unity rebuild now playing on the stream for those watching live so you can kind of see the difference.
It looks a little sharper, obviously, but yeah.
There's still a lot of the pop-in, which I think gives the game quite a number of opportunities of leaps of faith.
And yeah, I agree with Bonds006.
It looks pretty floaty.
I've played the older demo that had been released, and it was...
It's a little bit hard for me.
Pop-up kind of screws with my head, and it really did have that in abundance.
All right.
Well, there you have it.
Your classic cancelled game of the month.
Even Sonic is not immune to being cancelled, that's for sure.
But Sonic Extreme, your classically cancelled game.
of the month.
All right.
We are going to move on and cover some other headlines here real fast with some rapid fire news.
Loki, what else has been happening in gaming this week?
Parabonk Game Studio has confirmed that Saber Interactive is going to be working on a AAA RPG based off of Avatar The Last Airbender.
So it is, I'm assuming, targeting next year.
And they said they're calling it Avatar Legends or the Avatar Legends Universe.
It'll be cool to see.
And then...
Halo Infinite is getting a third person mode apparently next month.
This is coming from 343 Industries and they announced the update.
Didn't make the show roll because it is literally a last minute story but 343 Studios has been renamed to Halo Studios and they've just announced that they're going to be working on multiple Halo titles using the Unreal 5 engine.
and they showcased some of the graphics looks a lot better than when they first showed off Halo Infinite I'm going to tell you that much so look forward to more news on that coming soon
I know this is rapid fire, but I just wanted to dive a little bit in this because I found the third person mode thing fascinating because I think back, you know, DarkSakura, I know you don't tend to like to play games in first person because of motion sickness, although I guess EBD Killer kind of broke the mold for whatever reason.
But I still my first couple of games is killer.
I'm a little motion sick.
but I'm curious we joke about your relationship with Halo here in this game but you have to kind of look at this and go well that's kind of neat right like does this third person mode for Halo Infinite make you go I think it maybe could target like maybe it could target like people that play Fortnite a lot more because you know that's the same type of perspective that you have in like Fortnite I didn't think about that that's a good call out you're right it is maybe it's to like you know
I don't know, that's maybe a stretch.
Or just people that don't like, you know, there's a lot of people that don't like first-person pure.
And a lot of games have an option.
You know, like Mass Effect's another one that pops to mind.
You can play either way, if I remember right.
You can do either way.
I know the Bethesda games are one as well.
So most people play those in first-person, but you don't have to.
There's third-person available there, too.
So I just think it's interesting.
It's an interesting development for that.
But I...
DarkSakura
So there is a Games Done Quick fundraiser that will be helping the folks who are affected by Hurricane Helena on October 11th, starting at 6pm, and it will conclude on October 13th.
I know people personally who were affected by it so having that level of disaster relief will be the assistance will be really good for them the donations will be going directly to disaster I cannot make words happen it's the Benadryl it will go directly to the disaster relief
and I'm pretty pretty excited about it um I hope everyone tunes in and contributes whatever you can to help out yeah they're putting this together real fast too because I think the speedruns uh submissions are due in like an hour I guess I better work on my Zelda speedrun no but I think in all seriousness the speedrun submissions are due in an hour um and you know I you know we know Games Done Quick can do virtual stuff now so it is night because pretty infamously um
You know, Gamestone Quick really only does the two major marathons a year.
They do other things on their own channel, you know, but pretty infamously when it comes to the fundraisers and their charities are set in stone.
They always do Doctors Without Borders and they always do the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
Two very worthy causes.
I don't think any of us want to see those taken away from.
So it is really cool that the organization is doing this kind of like bonus stage, if you will.
for something necessary.
Now that I'm thinking about it, I'm like, oh, but they do the one at Twitch, and I think they do a charity for that.
So there are little other things that come up here and there, but for the most part... Oh, Bob Blackwell says, GDQ is doing a charity marathon this weekend for something else, so they started doing these little ones.
Well, that's cool, but obviously the Hurricane Helene...
Sucks.
So people, we need a lot of support for that one.
So hopefully some big names get in on that speed running.
DJ Ranma S says, my friend Jamie who lives in Asheville where it was hit the hardest is safe in Myrtle Beach.
She didn't lose everything.
Well, I'm
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You know, obviously it sounds like a lot of the problem was that Hurricane Helene was doing some of its most damage in like mountainy areas and areas, not beach towns.
I mean, it damaged beach towns, but these beach towns are kind of used to hurricanes.
They're more prepared for it.
It was these other areas that weren't so prepared for it that were hit really hard.
It makes me think of a lot of like stuff we went through.
I mean, I shouldn't equate it.
One of my Florida friends sent me a picture of a boarded up Waffle House.
Yeah, that's when you know shit's real, right?
The Walthouse Index is real.
I will fully admit I shouldn't equate it.
And my point with this is that climate change is a bitch, but I can't help but think of some of these West Coast storms that we were getting close to home here last year that had the 70 miles an hour winds, which I know for you East Coasters is nothing.
But again, our infrastructure is not built for this kind of shit.
and it was wreaking a lot of havoc here too with all of the downed trees last year and that type of stuff so um climate change sucks um well I even commented on it myself that I thought it was not not far off
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about F-Zero.
Jason mentioned this in the intro, and I will admit, Jason, I was not aware, and I love F-Zero, and I was not aware, or I forgot.
I think I was aware, but it just kind of like one of those, well, we'll never play it, that there was an F-Zero title in Japan.
It was F-Zero Climax.
Well, guess what?
We are going to get to play F-Zero Climax here, legally, as all things considered, through Nintendo Switch Online.
It is coming out this week on October 11th.
If you have Nintendo Switch Online and Expansion Pack, so you have to have the, you know, Super version of Nintendo Switch Online because...
F-Zero Climax
are getting another hurrah here in the States.
So very cool.
Love to see that.
So check that out on Nintendo Switch Online this week.
If Nintendo Switch Online is not your cup of tea, perhaps there is another game up your alley as we travel around and check out some world release dates.
Loki, what's coming out in the U.S.?
All right.
So in the U.S.
we have...
Disney Pixel RPG on iOS and Android Kill the Crows on Nintendo Switch
Kind Words 2, Lo-Fi City Pop on PC, Mac, and Linux.
We have the Diablo 4 Vessel of Hatred expansion coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Silent Hill 2 on PC and PlayStation 5.
To the Moon on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Wow, that's a good game too.
To the Moon?
Yeah.
And then we've got Pop Slinger Volume 2 Loveless on PC and Nintendo Switch Amanda the Adventurer on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series We have Amber Isle on PC Bloodless on Nintendo Switch
Faith the Unholy Trinity on Nintendo Switch Last Time I Saw You on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Sky Oceans, Wings for Hire on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series UFO Robot, Grendizer, The Feast of the Wolves on Nintendo Switch
Dragon Ball Sparking Zero on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Europa on PC and Nintendo Switch Metaphor Re Fantasio on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Starship Troopers Extermination on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
Transformers, Galactic Trials on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Undisputed on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series and finally Wingspan on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5
All right, traveling to Japan.
Not quite as busy of a week for whatever reason, but we do still have some titles coming out.
It's not completely empty.
On the Nintendo Switch this week in Japan, we have Sunsoft is Back, retro game selection.
But these are not, I think here in the States you might associate Sunsoft with like Blaster Master and Fester's Quest.
Not those games.
These games are, I believe they were all Japanese exclusives.
The Wing of Medulla.
Firework Throw at Kantaro's 53 Stations of the Tukaido yes that was the full name of the game is in that collection and Ripple Island those are the three games that make off the Sunsoft is Back collection and that is out on the Switch this week in Japan they actually have a limited edition of that coming out as well which I think just comes with like
Some extra crap.
If you love physical edition stuff, it just has some extra collectible crap.
Do you like crap?
Here you go.
Nothing that really changes otherwise with the games made up of.
And on the PlayStation 5 this week, of course, the Silent Hill 2 remake I think is getting a lot of attention.
That is coming out in Japan as well.
It looks like a worldwide release.
and otherwise we have Dragon Ball Sparking Zero also hitting Japan on the PlayStation 5 this week.
Metaphor ReFantasio is also out in Japan this week in a regular and of course a 35th anniversary edition limited edition because we love our limited editions in Japan.
But that's pretty much it.
Silent Hill 2 Remake obviously seems to be the tentpole this week.
So check that out or don't.
It's your money.
DarkSakura, how about Europe?
So in Europe, we have Kind Words 2 for PC and Mac on the 7th of October.
On the 8th for PC and PS5, Silent Hill 2.
Also Diablo 4, Vessel of Hatred DLC for all the things that have it.
Dragon Ball Sparking Zero for PC, PS5, Xbox Series on the 10th.
Also on the 10th is Sky Ocean's Wings for Hire, PC Switch, PS5, Xboxes.
on the 11th Metaphor, ReFantasio Last Time I Saw You both of those sorry, Last Time I Saw You is also on Switch but the rest is PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox etc.
Transformers Galactic Trials also on October 11th Starship Troopers, Extermination Europa for PC and Switch and that is it
Alright, we have a few more stories for you, and then we'll see if any of you want to call in tonight in our green room over on our Discord server, vognetwork.com.
But we do have a couple stories to get to first, starting with Loki.
Yeah, so Epic Games has now filed a lawsuit against Samsung over their tech essentially discouraging the installation of third-party software, which is...
DarkSakura,
and apparently they have a way to disable the autoblocker that's laid out on Epic's site but you have to go through this whole process be somewhat tech savvy to be able to actually do that to your device to get this to install it's just a big old hassle right now they haven't really proven what kind of damages they're I guess seeking but they are right now trying to at least get that so that it allows them to easily install it
but I don't know they won against Google so maybe interesting this is only going to get messier but you know again this just goes back to Epic Epic wants Fortnite as a platform on every screen every screen every screen
Anyway, unfortunately some sad news to take us out tonight with our last scheduled story.
That has to do with a developer stepping down from Bloodstained 2.
Chutaro Aida, who is a veteran designer on Castlevania, was also working on Bloodstained Ritual of the Night, has stepped down and it's unfortunately due to a cancer diagnosis.
so a hearty fuck cancer from all of us here this was a decision that was announced on social media and even though he's been involved with coming up with ideas for the game and so on he's going to be going through treatment and Koji Igarashi who of course
You know him from being the long, long time producer of Castlevania series, him and his amazing cowboy hat.
The man in the hat.
Yep, moved on to Bloodstained, and he also reposted the message on his official Twitter account, talking about his own sadness and wishing a quick recovery.
If you want to translate that into English, the message said, up until now, the DS series, meaning Castlevania series, and Bloodstained have been produced primarily by director Shataro.
they can truly be called his works it is a great blow that he is stepping away from the project but we all do our best to make up for this we hope that he will recover soon so that we can work together again yeah that is the worst to hear about and I'm sorry to hear it but that's what you have to do step away from work so you can heal up and hopefully he will heal up fast alright with that you gotta do it if you're not yeah
Feeling great.
Yep.
All right.
That takes us to the listener roundtable.
So we invite your calls in the green room, but we also invite your emails here every week on the show.
I just don't know if we have any.
I think, unfortunately, we have another dry week over at participate at orange.com.
Nope.
Honestly, I forgot to open it.
That's fine.
I'm almost positive there's nothing there.
But while you double check, we need to come up with a way where people can text message us or something.
Because again, I don't use Twitter and I don't want to use Twitter and I don't want to encourage people and I don't think there's enough people on any of the alternatives yet.
For me to say, oh, send us a message on Mastodon or Blue Sky or anything like that.
So I am open to ideas, especially from the podcast crowd.
Like if you listen to us throughout the week, only on the podcast, you're not here live Sunday night.
I'm very, or on YouTube or wherever it is you find this show.
I'm very curious.
What would, what's an easy way, what would be an easy way for you to say, say hey to us?
Because right now I'm thinking like a text message thing would be cool.
Yeah, Spotify I think has commenting on like podcasts too.
It does.
I will admit I'm not very good at checking it because I don't think it emails us.
And also I also realize, you know, not everybody's on Spotify.
Yeah, that's true.
I have seen a YouTube comment or two come in.
Um, so I guess people are starting to find us there.
And that's something that when Google Podcasts went away, it was like, oh, yeah, YouTube.
Okay, thank you.
YouTube has a whole baked in thing over there.
So we're happy to be there on YouTube.
But then iTunes, iTunes also has the review thing.
But that's, that's a little different from commenting.
Um, you know, if you just want to send us a note saying, hey, I've been playing this game or hey, you guys should check this out or whatever.
Um, I'm really open to how we can encourage more of that.
Bobby Blackwell says WhatsApp.
Don't you have to, isn't that kind of like tied?
I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest.
I associate WhatsApp with scams.
And I know that people use it to chat with family overseas and stuff, but I associate WhatsApp with scams.
And I know not a lot of people will use it because it's Facebook owned.
And I feel like, again, that's a thing where...
Some people use WhatsApp, some people use Telegram, some people use Signal.
And if I were to say, oh, we're taking messages on Telegram, well, then everybody who uses WhatsApp and Signal would be like, well, fuck me, right?
Because I'm on the wrong app.
Yeah, I don't know.
Good question, though, about threads.
I didn't think of that one, but...
Remember to post there.
I feel like Threads has it.
I guess more people are on Threads.
Fifth Dream says, let's go back to ICQ.
Truly.
I think ICQ finally is gone, though.
I don't think ICQ is around anymore.
I think they finally, finally went away.
Folks can text a Google voice number and you can get emails.
Maybe that's what we have to do.
I don't know.
I'll have to look into that.
We'll see.
Maybe in the future.
Alright.
Okay, that is going to do it for, well, let me go over to last minute stories from Loki.
Do you have anything else?
You got a good one a minute ago.
Yeah, just not much.
Essentially that Bloober team has teased that they could be working on more Konami projects after Silent Hill 2 because Konami is happy with the work the team has done.
And the reception that Silent Hill 2 is getting.
It better be Silent Hill 3!
Maybe.
We'll know.
Soon enough.
We'll find out.
Whatever happened to Silent Hill F?
The original one, the Konami, or I'm assuming Konami Contractor.
Didn't that already come out?
No, that's the TV show one came out.
Remember the one that showed like the, it was like the ancient Japan looking thing or the, like that?
Yeah, I remember that one.
Yeah, that was the new Silent Hill game.
I don't know it's F for fuck no Orange Rite says it is still upcoming if I recall correctly I don't think you're wrong we just haven't heard anything on it in a long time but yeah different company though yeah
FifthDream suggests IRC.
We could take comments on IRC the way we used to.
And was asking if the All Games channel was still around because, you know, for a while we were... No, we never did merge with that chat.
Our chats were always separate, weren't they?
We never did merge with that chat.
The radio shows did, but the chats never did.
I don't know why that was.
Now that all these years later, I'm not sure why that was, but don't ask me.
It made sense at the time.
It doesn't make sense now.
Don't ask.
But no, well, All Games Radio went to heaven a few years ago, I believe.
So I don't think, well, maybe the IRC channel is still kicking.
Is Bobby still lurking there?
Bobby's the one that would still be lurking on IRS.
Actually, no, I think he finally left that channel some time ago.
Tigerclaw.
Where's Tigerclaw at?
Oh, Tigerclaw's probably... Tigerclaw, I hope he's not in the way of the hurricane.
Yeah, OrangeRite says RIP co-host.
They had promise.
Bobby says I had to shut off my BSD machine and that logged me out of all my IRC channels.
Is anyone still in Orange Lounge on Game Surge?
No, I'm not.
I bet somebody's got to be holding down the fort there.
Hello.
Oh, shout out to Game Surge IRC.
All right.
All right.
Anyway.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
uh let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts uh DarkSakura oh wait first uh thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio if you enjoyed what you heard here tonight tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need more voices to put out on air so uh tell a friend or two or five we appreciate it a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, uh YouTube all that goes a very long way thank you so much um all right uh DarkSakura your final thought tonight
I'm not streaming tonight because my eye is still threatening to swell itself shut.
I just took a second round of Benadryl.
But hopefully the one I have chosen will be acceptable.
Alright.
We'll feel better.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is hopefully this week we'll get a new episode out.
I've been working on stuff for a very long time.
It's just still being worked on.
All right, you can do it.
And my final thought is later tonight, I'm trying to keep a Monday, Wednesday, Friday thing up for my retro videos.
So I'm going to do some recordings in advance tonight off stream.
And although I guess I could have done it on if I knew you weren't going to be streaming Dark Sakura.
Oh, well, it doesn't matter now.
I didn't know I wasn't going to be.
I know.
I know.
I thought I would feel better by tonight.
But apparently dust mites have other decisions for my skin.
That's all right, because I have some errands to run.
It still looks pretty bad, doesn't it?
Yeah, you sent me some pictures and I was like, oh gosh, I'm sorry to hear it.
That's no fun.
Alright, well that's going to do it for another episode here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, that's it.
Bye everybody.
Have a good night.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
See you next week.
