Personally, I thought that Apple's Trash Can Mac Pro was generally a great machine,
but I understand that the lack of expandability was a net loss for the form factor. Does that
mean I should be more positive about the KF console? No! No! I don't think it does!
Capturing heat so close to a heat source that it's supposed to be cool sounds awful. Grease
and oil are not ingredients in liquid cooling. This is just one story in a night of lawsuits
anniversary shutdowns and wrap ups. Join your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki
as they discuss this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice. Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to
another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and
we are live once again with, if you can believe it, the last show of 2020. It is episode number
849 for tonight, December the 27th of 2020. My name is Rob Roberts, by myself in the studio
as I have been for most of this year since March, and joining me via the Magic Discord
say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers. Welcome to my mess. Your mess looks fine.
It's definitely a nerd cave. It's a work in progress. I've thrown out four trash bags
worth of just garbage. You know, the folks that listen to us on the podcast feed, which
I would always strongly encourage, of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the
Voice of Geeks network, twitch.tv slash VOG network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
at about six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern. But for those that can't be here
live and I understand Sunday's a busy night for a lot of people, we do have the podcast
which has been going for a very long time, which you can check out on iTunes, Spotify,
lots of popular podcast players out there. All the things. The podcast folks can't see
what you're talking about. So you can mess you can lie and say, oh, it's it's this. Everything
is well curated. I own my shit. And I know I have been lazy and sick for most of the
year and the shit piled up and I have years of old cosplay stuff. I found 20 year old
cosplays a few weeks ago, Rob. Oh, my gosh. I finally threw them out. My Leona costume.
OK, the short the cargo shorts I had for my Leona costume, I can now pull on by one leg
over my hips. Yeah. So I was got says something. I was going to say, don't ask me to show the
rest of the studio here and what's happened to this, this outside this little box that
you see me in. Dark Soccer's throne has clean laundry on it. There's a monitor on the table
up to the show and it's seen your laundry on it. So it's a girl don't even try me. It's
a convenient place. But but at any rate, I've only kept one of the old costumes and that
was my Jill costume because it was the first one I did when I moved to California. And
I actually threw away Emmy. Except I saved the striped shirt I had under it was actually
an old Navy pajama shirt and it's really warm. So I kept that. But like the wig, I
didn't know about wig care back then very well. And that poor blue wig was like that.
Yeah, it was ready to go. I kept the hat, the ginormous white tam that she wears. So
and it was actually in really good shape. I mean, I paid 20 bucks for it 20 years ago,
so it had to be good. So yeah, useful stuff and I found a sewing kit. Okay. I also did
get rid of bike in because I can do a lot better. I'm taking a look at our chat room
because of course while we tape live you can participate along in our chat chat over twitch.tv
slash v o g network and SSU 100. Matt says rooms full of mess and piled up stuff much
like many folks Animal Crossing homes. And to answer Phoenix 7726 who says I found cosplay
as old as olr. No, it's older. It's under sedation age. Oh, but grandpa grandpa died
under sedation isn't around anymore. So also to answer ranch on. Travis is fine. He got
an Xbox for Christmas just Tamari costume is in another box. And actually the kimono
is way too big for me but still in great shape. And I'm thinking about taking it in and repurposing
it. It might end up as a certain Shinsengumi character who will remain unnamed. Right?
Well let me I'll let me also introduce as I do every week say hello to tech master Loki.
Hello. Hi. Are you holding on to any old cosplay Loki?
No way. Don't you have Sackboy? He's threw that away.
It was in the garage for a very long time. And I was just afraid that if I put my head
in it that there could be so many spiders. So I was like, I'm not gonna risk it. I'm
just gonna throw it away. Yeah, well, you know, I did actually check it before I threw
it away. But like it was just so dusty and stuff. And I was like, I'm never gonna wear
this again. Yeah. So yeah, I forgot about that Sackboy costume. But that was now that
you mentioned it. That was a legendary episode. Well, our wasn't that like the 10th anniversary
or something like it was a landmark episode, maybe Episode 500. I don't remember. But you
dressed all dark Tetsuya. What episode was it or Misty? I need to ask the real experts
of the show. But you you actually came to the studio. I do remember it was at the house
over. I don't want to give out addresses on the show. I guess I don't live there anymore.
But the ranch is the garage. Yeah, well, yeah, it was in the garage there. Yeah, yeah. And
I remember it was in that studio. You had the neighbor across the street who house caught
on fire. Yes. Did I tell that story on O.L.R.? I don't remember. I may not have. I remember
driving by and seeing the house gutted. And that's always what I remember. Well, I can
tell it now. I probably. And Drew knocking over the table. I probably didn't want to
tell it then, because if I told it on air, it would have given away where I lived. But
I live there anymore. So it doesn't matter. So this true story, the house across the street
from me burned down one day. And I know that sounds really scary. And what's also really
scary about it is that I was napping when it happened. I slept through the whole damn
thing. And I woke up to the sounds of my room. My roommate, Johnny, came home and he was
like, Rob, Rob, are you here? Rob, Rob. And I'm like, what? Are you OK? And he goes, he
just gives me this look like he goes, look outside. And I like peek through the mini
blinds and I just see all these lights and I see the house on smoke. Like, what the fuck?
And yeah, the house across the street burned down. And it was one of those things where
they had a lot of devices and power cords that were going into their garage as if they
were potentially making some things in the garage, allegedly. And that's I'm going to
leave it at that. So, yeah, that was that was an interesting experience. So we moved
either meth or porn. We moved. So, yeah, we should make that a new game show, meth or
porn. Yeah. Who knows what was going on in that house. So, yeah, I probably didn't tell
that story on air at the time, because, you know, if I say, oh, the house across the street
from me burned down, then people would figure out exactly where I live. But I don't live
there anymore. So it's fine. Yeah. Act Defton chat says they blazed it. They sure did.
I you know, I don't like to make fun of it because somebody's house burned down. But
at the same time, if it if it was what we all suspect it was, then how bad do you feel
on a scale of one to ten? You know, yeah. If you can't make a joke about it, what can
you do? Right. So, yes. So that was that was I don't know how we got on this subject from
welcome to our hope. You all had a great holiday. Yes. Yes. I have a new breaking thing
is that a gaming magazine, JYMING has highlighted Rock Rockum Sakura of San Francisco. Oh, fine.
Well, they've got their who is a gaming queen. They have their award show, which I can't
remember the name of off the top of my head. Sorry. But I know they nominated a bunch of
stuff. Oh, well, are not nominated, but that's OK. How very dare they? That's all right.
That's all right. But no, there's a lot of good stuff that was nominated there. I remember
seeing it across the Twitter stuff. And I was thinking like, I guess I because there
was talk about doing that show in person at one point, obviously, even though I think
it's in February, I think I think that talk is still off the table. I don't think people
can really plan on in-person events until at least summer. And even then, there's going
to be footnotes, asterisks and things of that nature. But yeah. So anyway, Phoenix, seventy
seven, twenty six and chat says, wait, is OLR the new Night Vale? I don't know. I don't
know. We probably have more listeners if we were. All right. Let's get it. We are we are
a video game podcast. We love all of our listeners. We do. And we hope you all had a good holiday
I know. I know Hanukkah ended quite some time ago. But Christmas, Christmas was this past
week, which I know a lot of people celebrate. So I hope you all had a good Christmas that
we're celebrating that. Kwanzaa goes for seven days. Right. So we're in that starts the day
after Christmas. So we're in the midst of that. And then Festivus for the rest of us.
I know I saw some posts on that. And if you're Satanist, Sol Invictus. Oh, right. Or paganist
would have solstice. Yule. Or Yule. Yes. Yule or Solstice. But may you have a an unconquerable
Sol Invictus? DJ Rama S in chat says six days. My bad. Six days. For Kwanzaa. Yes, for Kwanzaa.
Yeah. All right. Anyway, let's get into video game news and stuff going on in the game world,
which considering it is a holiday week, like usually this would be the night of nothing
but off topic because there's not a lot happening in the industry. But we can do that. And we
damn well might challenge us, try us. No, but we do have quite a bit of gaming news.
There's still less. I know we have kind of a shorter show role than we usually do just
because less did happen. But I honestly feel like most years we're sitting here this week
going, we ain't found shit. Right. Like there isn't a lot going on in gaming. But this this
week has been pretty busy, all things considered. And it starts with it starts with something
I think we all saw coming. Dark Soccer and Loki going to talk about this one Dark Soccer.
Why did you start us off? What happened? Well, CD Projekt Red, you know, the ones who are
responsible for that clusterfuck that is Cyberpunk 277. They are seeing some lawsuits because
they basically were considered to miss mislead the public. So some of the class action lawsuits
are being brought forward. Actually, one of them is brought on on behalf of Andrew Tramp,
who is one of the investors by the Rosen law firm alleging that CDPR willfully neglected
to inform investors of the nature of how buggy the game was and that the company downplayed
other issues surrounding the game prior to release. They were saying that their public
statements that were made prior to release, and this is a quote, were materially false
and or misleading because they misrepresented facts and the company failed to disclose that
Cyberpunk 277 was virtually unplayable on current generation Xbox or PlayStation systems
due to an enormous amount of bugs. And I'm going to read the comments from the CDPR executives.
This is another quote. After three delays, we as the management board were too focused
on releasing the game. We underestimated the scale and complexity of the issues. We ignored
the signals about the need for additional time to refine the game on the base last gen
consoles. It was the wrong approach and against our business philosophy. On top of that, during
the campaign, we showed the game mostly on PCs. They're basically like, yeah, we were
shitty. There's another lawsuit from the Schall, S-C-H-A-L-L, Schall law firm seeking class
action status for violations. They list the ones for the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and rule 10B5 promulgated there under blah, blah, blah. It's more had to do with the US
Securities and Exchange Commission basically laying out the same evidence that was presented
by the Rosen law firm, citing the bugs and mere unplayable status of the game for the
earlier consoles. They're quote, based on these facts companies, public statements were
false and materially misleading throughout the class period when the market learned the
truth about CD project investors suffered damages. And there was a hot fix that was
released basically to address bugs and performance issues. There was another one that was released
this week, or I guess by this week, I mean, it's last week to fix the save data corruption
for PC. And it's looking like there's going to be other fixes, but I'm wondering if it's
going to be too little too late for what's going to be on the table. Because I mean,
there are people who can't afford to go right out and buy the new console right when it
comes out and they'd like to be able to enjoy the game. The game was advertised as supposed
to be available and playable on this earlier consoles.
Right. What's interesting though, and you know, we'll talk a little later in the show
as well, because I think Loki has a piece on like how the game is actually doing right
now. We'll talk a little bit about that later in the show, but I think what's important
to note in what you just outlined there with what's going on in the two different class
actions there is that this is an investor piece. So this isn't what this isn't. And
I think where people kind of thought it would go based on some prior class actions that
have happened in the past is that at least in what Dark Soccer is talking about now,
the gears they're turning now, this is not gamer upset at the product they bought. That
is not what this is. This is a lawsuit for investors because yeah, the goal of a company
is to make money for investors, right? Capitalism, woohoo, whatever. But that is what it is.
And so, go ahead.
SSJ 100, Matt actually did sum it up very perfectly and I quote, so the investors are
pretty much suing to reclaim whatever they lost from the stocks they owned in it.
Yeah, that's pretty much it in a nutshell or that basically by perception of money lost
by yeah, perception of money lost by having these various refunds that are going on and
by not releasing by kind of hiding what you did on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, you affected
basically the bottom line, the sales. So that is, that is I think very interesting to note
This is coming from the investor standpoint because I feel like with that playing into
it, the result of this whole thing could have implications in our industry further down,
I think. Too early to say, but you know, everybody in gaming right now, whether you love Cyberpunk,
whether you hate it, whether you don't care, wherever you're at on that, that, you know,
everybody's looking at this because what happens here, I think will have an impact on how games
are marketed, height and so on in the future. Again, this is very, I think what's happening
here is very different from what happened with No Man's Sky, which was the product, not of a
publicly traded company, by the way, and was more rooted in some PR blunders.
You say why I don't go out and buy new games anymore.
I think a lot of us are at that point, to be quite honest. Anyway,
I don't get excited anymore.
Loki, I know this story has been on your radar this week as well. I don't know if there's
anything you want to add or anything from your perspective.
No, not really. I mean, it's pretty much, it's just, you know, investors, um, feeling that they
were misled. And usually if that happened, you get in trouble with the board or, you know, you have
to answer to that. So kind of just more of what we were talking about last week, how probably
leadership's gonna be held accountable for that. Um, and someone may get let go, you never know,
but that's kind of just more coming out of this. I think you're absolutely right on that. Um,
let's see Questbuster in chat says, uh, CD project stock has lost nearly half its value in the past
few months. It lost around 20% around the cyberpunk 2077 fiasco. And I think that's an
important thing to point out is because again, it doesn't really matter how you feel about the game
personally. Cause I also see people in chat that are saying, you know, a Zen monkey 11 says people
will be able to play the game on any platform by March. No worries. Um, Questbuster says it's not
unplayable on a PS4. I finished it, but it could definitely have used more time in the oven and not
everyone will want to deal with the bugs. And again, this isn't about like trying to take a
dump on the game or whatever, like, or, or pour gasoline on a fire. That's already going. This
is more like just facing the kind of the reality of no matter how you personally feel about the
game, because the refund mechanism got triggered because these headlines about Sony pulls a game
from digital sale, you know, whether that was really something that Sony did about the quality
or whether that was a response to Sony did because of something CD project reds leadership did
saying, go to Sony. Yeah. Right. Cause they told them to go to Sony, but they didn't tell Sony
that they were doing that. So that's why they pulled it from the shop. And that again is a
problem of leadership. And that's the point I'm trying to make. Again, you have a problem of
leadership and ultimately what got impacted the stock value and the, the, you know, whether
the refunds were as big as we think they are or not. And that whole thing, it doesn't matter.
The stock value plummeted because of all of the bad press, because Sony pulling your game from
the store is not a great headline. Even if quality didn't have anything to do with it,
because believe me and believe you, cause you've seen it too. There's a lot of shit on the
PlayStation four marketplace. There is some garbage on the PlayStation four marketplace
and the X-Box marketplace and any cell phone marketplace and steam, you name it.
It's got garbage. So quality is not the problem. Ultimately. I know that sounds weird to say.
So the thing is, is that when the garbage is something that's expected to be the utter
opposite of garbage, you know, it's, it's just really bothersome, you know, this whole situation
is very bothersome. And I actually, I mean, I do want to see them held to the fire over it a lot
more, just because I think that we need to stop this whole thing of having these half-baked games
come out. Yeah. You know, if we, if we have, you know, people putting the same care into like what
they would have done for a cartridge based game in the past, because you can't patch a cartridge.
That's true. Well, you, well, I mean, I guess if you had.
The average gamer does not patch a cartridge back in the NES days. Yes.
Unless you were getting, you know, ROM hacks and translated ROMs. I digress. But
it's it's really just a shame and it's something that we need to hold these companies accountable
for, you know, they shouldn't. I'll just say, I, I, I think ultimately,
and just following what I said last week, I think how this ends one or both CEOs will be done.
And that's how this ends. There's, there's no other outcome. I think that could satisfy
the investors at this point. And that's that. I think they're still going to try
to play this. But it won't matter. And I really, I kind of have hope that they do.
And this is just more of me now being a little bit vindictive about it.
But if they try to play it off more, keep trying to do the same thing and then fail after that,
like burn harder, then I think that's really going to get the, the message across. And I mean,
I don't want to bring politics into it, but we're also seeing that it's been just this
ongoing thing in general, in the public of offer this promise, offer this, say this, say that,
and then not being able to pull through or doing the exact opposite. And now,
you know, there's consequences to pay. And I really want to start seeing these consequences
being, this is what I'm thinking of. I want to see them being held to the consequence.
Yeah. I definitely want to see other CEOs looking at this situation going like, Oh,
better make sure that doesn't happen here. I want them all to shit their pants or remember
who pays their bills. That's another way to put it. No. Well, you know me, if I can be blunt about
it, I will. What's that? Let me ask this question before we get into our gaming weeks. And it's kind
of a follow-up to something that came up on Bobby Blackwell's show tonight. Because of course,
you know, as I mentioned at the top of the show, he's on live before us here at the voice of
geeks network. Now, Bobby was talking about some of his highlights from the year of various sorts.
I won't spoil everything. I won't talk about categories and stuff, but one game that he
talked a little bit about was half-life Alex. And I thought it was kind of interesting because he
said half-life Alex, you know, and this is one way you can look at it. Absolutely. Half-life Alex
is basically half-life three. This is it. This is half-life three. This is the game
that folks have been waiting for. This is half-life three, but they knew they could never
live up to the hype that everybody had in their minds built up for half-life three, especially
when you add that additional twist or challenge of the fact that it is VR only based, which limits
your audience and all that stuff. Because they knew they could never really live up to that
half-life three hype. Instead, they tailored the message and made it half-life Alex. And he kind
of made a little joke in there about how cyberpunk, you know, didn't think to do the same thing or
something along those lines. And it did kind of, you know, even though I think he just kind of
said it as a one-off comment, it did kind of make me think, huh, you know, yeah, in many ways what
happened with cyberpunk was kind of a victim of its own hype machine. Like, what if they either
A, had just announced the game a lot later, which maybe the industry wouldn't really allow them to
do, or B, just said, you know what? Cyberpunk 2077, unfortunately, it just wasn't meeting our
expectations. So we've decided, can it? But guess what we have coming out for the PlayStation 5,
PC and Xbox Series X, no mention of prior consoles. We've got this game, Cyber Intruder 2078 is coming
and it's going to be awesome. I don't know. Loki, you're the only one out of us that's
actually played the game. And I think you've enjoyed the game. Did they set themselves up to
fail with the hype or what? I don't know if they, I mean, it was a pretty hyped game. I
just think they had difficulty with releasing on so many platforms at once. I mean, I knew that
everything nowadays that gets released is a little bit buggy, but this was like kind of
an extraordinary case of bugginess. I mean, a Bethesda level of bugginess, if you will,
probably even a little bit beyond that. It just, it obviously needed more time. It'll get better
as it goes along, but it's just, this is just the trend in gaming nowadays that companies release
these half finished products that meet a deadline. And then they keep promising that they're going
to patch it after the fact, or keep fixing it or adding on to it. We'll just have to see if
it actually happens. And some more comments from chat I think are really good and worth reading
here. SSG100Matt says, Cyberpunk had trouble living up to the hype, much like No Man's Sky
did at first. Hopefully they can turn it around like No Man's Sky did. I imagine they will.
I also imagine they will. I don't think they have a choice at this point, but I think that was
probably always in their long game plan, because we know there's Series X and PlayStation 5 versions
that are still coming, like specific to those, not running on backwards compatibility. And of course,
of course they've got DLC in the works and things like that. So there's going to be opportunities
for them to relaunch the game with a game of the year edition. I mean, look at the playbook for
Witcher 3, right? That game has been selling for years and years and years, and they have a long
game on how they're going to continue to sell the game. And it's on Steam sale right now,
by the way. Of course, of course. The Winter Sale, of which I've bought some games. And this is
really important too. Dartetsuya in chat says, To me, Cyberpunk 2077 at least lived up to the hype.
I'm probably close to 60 hours in and I can't get enough. I just absolutely love the setting. And I
think that's something important for us to keep in mind as we're talking about all of this, is that
the problem really is, is that there's a lot of people out there looking at this going,
what the hell's the problem? The game is fine. But then there's other people sitting out there
on their base PlayStation 4s, or maybe that don't buy Bethesda games in the past or buy
other buggy games that are looking at this going, what the hell is this? I waited eight years for
this. And so there's a real disparity there between the groups of where people's expectations
were at. And I think that's why the gaming industry is going to really have a conversation
after this fact about, you know, where's the appropriate place to put expectations? I think
that'll be very interesting. I don't know. Anything else you guys want to add to that?
All right. I knocked over my webcam. You knocked over your webcam. We're going on a ride.
All right. Just because I'm screwing with crap on my desk. All right. I'm a professional. Should
I hide that until you fix it there? Tell me. Nah, I don't care. Okay. All right. Anyway,
Meech in chat, one more comment here. People are so ready to give up the moment shit don't pan out
the way they want because they're so instant gratification. Let me ask one more question.
Think that the truth. One more question that came to mind since, you know, we've been saying
Bethesda gets away with it. Bethesda, Bethesda, and all this stuff. Well, sometimes they get away
with it. I don't know. The reception of Fallout 76, I don't think it was exactly what they were
looking for. But something- Oh no, they got nailed for that one. Well, here's something very
important. Bethesda is no longer, Zenimax is no longer, you know, who owned Bethesda, is no longer
an independent thing. Zenimax is part of Microsoft. Microsoft just had the audacity, and I mean that
in a good way, actually. Microsoft had the audacity to bump back their biggest first-party
title that was supposed to be the highlight of Xbox Series X and S, Halo Infinite, of course.
They just bumped that back an entire year, if not maybe more at this point, because it wasn't
living up to the quality they expected. Could that be the future of Bethesda now that they are
a Microsoft property? What do y'all think of that? Are our joke days of Bethesda done because
they're gonna maybe have a different standard now that, you know, different people are at the
helm of the organization? Namely, Phil Spencer. We will see, but I think, well, possibly. So,
it would have, I would imagine that if they're building a brand new game, like a new,
obviously the new Elder Scrolls game in Starfield, it's probably going to be running on a completely
new engine. I would hope, I hope they're not repurposing the old engine for that. So that,
I think that was a lot of the problems that they had, especially with like Fallout 76,
is they were using like some of the original engine that they were running,
you know, Oblivion or even, I think stuff even older than Oblivion on, and it just kind of adding
to it and repurposing it for things it was never meant to do. And so you were running into like
bugs that have been in place since those early games. And so I would hope that they're going to
start fresh with a new engine to build these new games, because I can't see how these older engines
would support something that massive in that detail. So hopefully that will be behind us.
We'll see though, when it comes out. Cause I mean, I don't know.
All right. Let me read a few more comments from chat. Deja Rama S says, you know,
CD Projekt RED basically abandoned Xbox One PlayStation 4 platforms for next gen.
That and upper management demanding a release. It is what it is. And, you know, Rama, I think
a lot that played into that is that there was probably so many pre-orders on that platform that,
and I think this is what the issue really ultimately boils down to is that CD Projekt RED
probably knew they should walk away from those platforms and focus on PC and the next gen,
because things had come so far along in the eight years, but somewhere along the way,
somebody in that boardroom said, but we have X number of pre-orders on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
If we cancel that, we lose all that. And so somebody made the decision and here's the problem.
Somebody made the decision. Well, we can't have that release it anyway.
That is the problem. It was all down to money.
Yes. I mean, just one less little thing. As much as we like to say that some of these
big companies, they care about the gamers. They want us to have fun. They want us to have a good
quality product. For a lot of them, it's all about the bottom line. How do I profit off of this?
And that's it. A few more comments here. I want to read a comment from Mimsie94 who says,
I don't know if my view on games helps. Hey, every gamer has a voice. All are welcome,
but I'm easily pleased with most games and Cyberpunk is a great game to play in my opinion,
but I can only play the playthrough since I can't own any of the gaming systems, but fantastic to
watch the playthroughs. Well, don't forget, even if you don't have the newest and greatest systems,
Stadia is trying to target folks like you. And that is another way that a lot of people are
enjoying Cyberpunk is through that where you don't necessarily get it on Stadia.
Yeah. Right. Like again, and we kind of got into this last week or the week before is like
Stadia's best use case just happened and Google had nothing to do with it.
Like, it's like this literally fell in their fucking lap and it's a great thing for them.
I got my free Stadia. It arrived. Like, why the hell not should I not try it on that? I mean,
I just got a bunch of games actually because they did a bunch of freebies if you have Stadia Pro.
And then I want to get one more comment here from Bobby Blackwolf because this kind of speaks to all
the, you know, buggy and open world and things we were talking about before, who says, the issue is
that a lot of bugs are really the byproduct of a huge open world game. Yes, QA can find a lot
of things, but there will always be stuff found by players once you let something out. And I'm
going to say something very blunt. Why not? It's the holidays. Uncle Rob's going to tell it like
it is. This is how you can tell the difference between a podcast, a news organization, a Twitter
account, a group. This is how you can tell the difference. A group that is saying,
didn't they test this game? What's happening in QA? What are they doing there? Does CD Project
Red even have a QA? The people that are saying that haven't been following this industry a very
long time or don't have insight into this industry. Because you'll notice that phrase
hasn't left any of our mouths. And most of you in chat either, none of you have been blaming QA on
this. Because I think those of us that have been participating at this table for a while now know,
this isn't the fall of QA. Of course, there's a QA department. Of course, QA told them it was wrong.
Go back to what I just said. And this whole thing is that they knew they had pre-orders on Xbox One
and PlayStation 4. QA tells them it's broken. Boston Boardroom says, doesn't matter, release
it anyway. And that's a story that happens a lot. I liken that to some of those sort of sci-fi
movies about, oh, we've done this magic food item, but it will give 0.1% of people rabies.
I'm just throwing that out there. And they released it anyway. And then you have a rabid
population. And then the army has to go in and fight them. And then Will Smith saves the day.
They're just rabid fans of the product now.
All right. And then Bobby had another follow-up comment here. Oh, yes. Because I like this. I like
this little saying here. Bobby says, one of my sayings in software development is that the moment
you make something idiot-proof, the world will just build a better idiot. I kind of think that
goes hand in hand with the saying, hacker's gonna hack, right? Because that kind of goes... Because
when we talk about oblivion and if it doesn't work, somebody else is going to fix it. And the
whole thing, people will figure out ways to work around something like that. Kind of in some ways
goes hand in hand with that. I did not call hackers idiots for the record. I'm just saying
there are comparisons between those two sayings. I just like the term that you can learn to fail
in new and exciting ways. There is that too. Yes. All right. This saga is far from done. So I'm
sorry if you didn't want to hear anything about cyberpunk. Too bad because this story is not
going to be done. But think of it this way. This is, again, going to have an impact on the industry.
What happens here, others are watching. So let's see where this path leads us. I think it's
interesting. And what's interesting, I was very like, eh, on cyberpunk. There are hundreds,
thousands of games that released in a calendar year. I don't have time to play everything.
So I was like, I'll get to cyberpunk when they have the game of the year
edition with all the DLC included and all that stuff. I'll get to it then. That's still where my
mind is at. I don't need a day one. And I'm not into a game like that too much. I'm still waiting for
Mass Effect. My Mass Effect remaster. Yeah. But I can also still look at it and go, but this shit's
fascinating. What's going down here legally, you know, and all that. All right. Anyway,
let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week,
whether it was cyberpunk or not. Dar Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I played Animal Crossing because what else do I do? I play Animal Crossing.
We had another good run on Pop and Twinbee. I fucking love Pop and Twinbee. It's like one of my
favorite old Super Famicom games. And I've had ROMs of it and everything. So I really, really,
really have been playing a decent bit of Pop and Twinbee, but I think I've been doing it under
Dan's account by accident. We actually are talking about getting another pinball. We've
kind of floated around if we're going to get a Black Knight Sword of Rage.
Believe it or not, we have the animated topper for Black Knight Sword of Rage without owning the
table because we bought it for like 500 and something bucks. And now I don't think you can
find them for cheaper than like 150. Why did I say 150? 1,500?
I was like, that doesn't sound like a deal, Jamie. Okay.
And also my World Cup soccer is going to be coming home. Dan's buddy Brian has been doing some work
to it. So I'll get to play my baby again because I love my World Cup soccer pinball. Other than
that, I want to come over and play pinball when I get the jab.
Actually, Rob, if you're getting regularly tested, I'll submit another test. And if everyone's
clear, you can come over and play pinball. You need to send me the info on your thing
you use because I always have to go get my nose violated.
Well, mine is a nose violation, but I get to violate myself.
We'll talk offline.
Yeah, we'll talk offline. Basically, my work doesn't do quest. So at any rate,
okay, Mimsie, you and I are going to have to talk because you're one of my pinball peoples now.
So my house is full of pinball. But at any rate, I've got a few things on my downloads now.
I actually bought some stuff off my Steam wishlist thanks to the sale.
So like I just picked up a Gencho Night Festival, which is a little platformer that just looks like
it was super fun. And I'm also I got what became of Edith Finch on Switch, so I'm going to be
playing through it there. It's a good game. It's a really good game.
I'm also getting Umehara Kawase, which is another kind of interesting platformer
of a girl with a grappling hook. I'm still debating getting Resident Evil 3. But for
right now, there's just enough games out that like I'm also picking up right now the
Suicide of Rachel Foster because I love those narrative games. I've really kind of gotten
out of the kind of open world thing unless it's like more of a fantasy environment.
And I do, of course, Mass Effect. That's kind of like my speed of game. But I'm really,
really loving the narrative games where it may not seem like a game,
but it's got a story and it's really something that one can get into.
Oh, I'm about to talk about one, and I think it would be one that you'd be into for sure.
I'll get into it in a moment here. But those are absolutely games. We've had this discussion
before about the walking simulator and all that. But you know what? If you are to call the Black
Mirror episode on Netflix a game, which the name escapes me right now, whatever the name of that
game was in the episode. Bandersnatch.
Thank you, Bandersnatch. If that's a game, then these are certainly games. There's lots of
choice and things to go back and revisit. I guess I'll get into it in a minute. But I don't like
when people try to dismiss the narrative games. I really don't. They're games. They're games of a
different type. Look at Atari 2600 games. It was usually push button, go ping. There's the most
basic thing. Pong. Beep, boop, beep, boop. If that's a game, then why can't a narrative experience
be a game? Anyway. Yeah. But at any rate, I have a bunch of stuff that I just really want to sit
down. I have another game called When the Past Was Around that I want to sit and play. I finally
though bought... I have Wattam now that it's on Steam. And I'm going to be streaming Hive Swap
probably in the next couple of weeks. So there's stuff on my plate with plans to actually do stuff.
It's just right now the end of the year business. But I am going to be streaming Hive Swap Act 2
because in my heart of hearts, I am still a Homestuck. All right. Well, let's move on and go
to Loki. How was your gaming week? I tried working on my game most of the week. So I've been trying
to... Still trying to code something to do anime tiles. I was trying to do it the right way and
it's not working. Which I try to... Just a heads up, if you've been out for a few weeks,
we now know that Loki's game is a spiritual successor of shorts called To Pixel Poops
on the NES. Him and YYR had a big press announcement a couple of weeks ago. Anyway,
sorry. Yeah. Just to catch up the people who might be behind. Right, right, right. So I've been
working on that. So I'm doing what like plan C now in which it's going to be basically using
techniques that I already use to switch tiles out for when I do like the actual
pooping in the game. So that works, I know. So it's just not the most elegant way I'd like to
do it, but I'm going to try it and see if it works and how the performance is. And so this
is really my last attempt to get it to work because otherwise I've spent way too long on
trying to get it to work. I do want it to work because it looks nice when it does work.
It just takes a lot to get it to work. So that's when I'm finishing up hopefully this week.
And then I would like to have a demo available at some time soon. I would hopefully like to
get done before the end of the year, but we'll see. But that'd be kind of cool if I could do
that. But actual game playing. So I did play more Minecraft this week. I spent an unreasonably long
amount of time making an automated bee farm. Yes, with a bee statue over the top. So you can get
honeycomb blocks and honey bottles. So it's an automated bee farm. They go in there and they
make honey for you and it just automatically collects it. So that was kind of fun. It was
a relaxing thing to do. And then my kids have been trying to get me to play
more stuff with them with Minecraft. So I've been doing some stuff. My kid will make a level and
wants to do like a little scenario. And so we did that for a few hours. So it's been mainly
Minecraft this week. A little bit of Orna as I've been traveling around just taking over areas and
stuff like that. I wish I could take over more areas like just like out like if I could see it,
I should be able to take over it. But I know there's only a certain radius that you can do
that. So that kind of sucks. But I've just been playing a bit more of that. Still not leveling
up very fast at all. I'm still like 182. The leveling curve gets like exponential. It's kind
of like Pokemon Go in that regard. Even though we're talking about, oh, we're level 180, we're
level 100. It doesn't take that long if you're a little bit dedicated to get to three digit levels.
But then once you start hitting about level 180, the XP curve goes up exponentially and it takes
longer and longer for each level, for sure. Yeah. And you don't get new enemies until I think
every 25 levels. So you'll get them at 200. So it's going to be a while. So, yeah, it's just
been kind of grinding that a little bit. And that's about it. I didn't play any more cyberpunk
yet, although I probably will at some point. And I need to definitely go back to my Xbox Series X
because it's sitting there collecting dust. But yeah, so eventually get to that stuff. But I mean,
I can't think of any games in 2021 that I'm necessarily anticipating yet. So I've got time.
Okay. Mike gave me a week. So speaking of GPS based games, I've been playing a lot of Angers
this past week. I kind of took a break for a few weeks and maybe it's one of those things
where taking a break was good because it kind of got me motivated again. And I hit maximum level
in the game for the second time. So I got all the way to level 16, which is max level for the second
time. And so of course I pushed the button to restart for a third time. And I worked pretty
fast to get right back up to level eight because you have to be level eight in the game to use the
highest gear. So I kind of already had things planned out in my head. I was like, because they
have these things called apexes now, which are sold in the shop, but you get them free during
events and things like that. So I had like 10 or 11 of them built up. So I was like, all right,
I'm going to go downtown. I'm going to go to the cemetery. I'm going to just microfield the whole
thing fast and burn an apex. And I do it. And that's what I did. And I was back to level eight
within maybe two hours of gameplay. So I just, just, you know, thinking my strategy through on
how I was going to do it and it worked out. So that was my big GPS game nerd conquer thing of
the week. Um, but it's, I find that it's been kind of a fun thing to do because it gets me out
of the house. I can sit in my car, listen to podcasts or music or whatever, do some driving.
So at least I feel like I'm moving and it's safe. I'm in my little protected bubble, literal iron
bubble that's on the road and playing my little game and still getting to see things. So that's
kind of, I think why I've been kind of into it right now. Um, so other things that I've been up
to, uh, the game I was talking about with dark soccer. So I played a new game this week, uh,
because of Xbox game pass. I started playing a game called tell me why, uh, which came out,
I think back in September. Uh, it's an X, it's an Xbox game studios game. Yeah. I finally got
around to it. You know, just, it was like, Oh, I should play that. I was kind of looking for
something new to play and I'd heard a lot of things about it. A lot of people on Twitter
had spoken very favorite favoritively of it. And so I started playing it. Um, it is, it is
a narrative based game. It's a very story heavy based games. Uh, it, it involves a series of,
it involves twins and they have these kind of like special powers where they can kind of talk
to each other without actually talking to each other. Like, you know, that, that some people
kind of perceive about twins or, or maybe that really is a thing. I don't know. But, uh, that,
that kind of ends up being kind of central to the plot. Uh, I don't want to get too much into
the plot because I just kind of like started it right off the bat and I was really like taken
aback. I was like, Whoa, I didn't know this game was that fucking dark that quickly. Like it's,
it's kind of like, uh, I don't know if I want to say scary, but it's, uh, um, like, Oh, this is
heavy stuff. I think heavy stuff, I think is a good way to say it. Uh, and it's kind of starts
off right that way. And, um, you know, you just kind of then, then of course the story is just
kind of like peeling back the layers of an onion. It gets deeper and deeper and you kind of start
to learn about the character. What was, what was going on here? What was this thing? What did,
was she, was she, was she good? Was she not good? There's all these weird things going on. So, um,
yeah, unsettling is a good way to put it too. Um, dark soccer, I do think a game like this
would be up your alley. Um, there's been a lot of talk of this game as well. You may have heard
of this game because it focuses, uh, there's a lot of, um, uh, the, the, one of the twins,
um, is a trans man. So there's a lot of talk about, um, transgender in the game because it does
end up, um, be it's, it's kind of, how do I say this without it's, it's a plot device,
but not in poor taste. Like they, they actually, the trans man is voiced by a trans man actor.
They had consultants on the game to make sure they got it right. But that whole experience is
kind of integral to the plot. So I thought it was, it's, it's an interesting way to kind of,
I found it was really fascinating because since you are playing some of the game as, um, and now
I can't remember the character's names. There's Allison, Tyler, Allison and Tyler. That's it. So
Tyler is, and that's not really a spoiler. You find that out very, very, very, very, very early
on within the first 10 minutes, probably. Um, Tyler is, um, a trans man. And since you are
forced to play some of the game as Tyler, you get exposed to some of those awkward experiences where,
and there was a really, like, I'll just say it was a flat out like awkward thing that happened
is that you meet one of the villagers who knew you as a child when, you know, before, um, the,
before transitioning and all that. And there's that very awkward conversation that happens
about, you know, where the, the guy is kind of putting his foot in his mouth and it's,
it's one of those like, well, you got to forgive me because I'm older and we can't follow all your
new way. You know, that whole thing. So it was weird. Yes. But I'm ready to be pissed off,
but then I thought that's good. But you know what? I mean, not pissed off at the game,
but pissed off in game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. I get it. But I thought it was interesting
because that was deaf. That was definitely a way to illustrate an experience through the art of
video games without necessarily having to be beat over the head with a shoe with it. Does that make
sense? Like by even as awkward as that exchange was, I think it illustrated a very real thing
that I think a lot of trans people have been trying to say, this is, this is, this is why
we have challenges. This is some of the BS that we go through. And they were really able to
illustrate that through the game. And I thought that was really neat. So yeah, I think the game
is pretty cool. I'm not, it's in three parts and I'm like, I don't know how far I am because I
refuse to read spoilers on it. So I would guess I've got to be close to the end of the first part
because each part is only supposed to be like two or three hours. And I've, I swear to God,
I feel like I've been playing part one for three hours, but I'm also the type that's like,
I have to check every item and read everything and solve every puzzle. So maybe I'm just slow.
All the things.
So anyway, yeah, yeah. So, um, yeah, I saw, yeah, I, I thought that was a, a, a neat game and just,
I, I, but I will say, and I'll warn you the way I wasn't warned. The subject matter is a lot darker
than I was anticipating. And that's actually, that's nothing to do with, with the trans part
of it. It just happens to be that the character is, you know, a trans man and his twin sister.
That's just another element of the story. So. Yeah, it was, I, I, I, I want to finish more
before I absolutely say I recommend it or I don't recommend it. Um, but so far I'm feeling I, I,
so far I've enjoyed the first two, three hours I've played. So I feel like that's a leaning
towards a positive recommendation. So, well, I just bought it. So there you go. I mean,
I don't know if I'm going to get a chance to play it and I'm probably going to get yelled at,
but I bought it. There you go. Oh, very good point. See a Tiberian chat over Twitch TV slash
vlog network says it also has a lot about indigenous cultures in this fictional area
of Alaska. You're right. It gets into some of that as well. I don't think I'm like heavy,
maybe into some of those storylines and things yet, but I have noticed that for sure. There's
like decorations and things in the house that they come across and stuff like that. So, um,
I'm curious to see more of how that kind of unfolds and develops. So, um, yeah. So there's
that, um, if my shirt that I'm wearing on Twitch with Fennekin on it is any indication, of course,
I've been continuing to play Pokemon, uh, sword and shield, which Fennekin isn't in, but I've
been working on my decks, uh, in those games and I'm up past 300. I'm up to like 320 something.
I think in my short sword and shield decks. So I'm getting closer, I'm getting down. I did a
lot of trades with, um, Shane this past week. So like I got the Zastian in my decks and I got the,
um, the thing like, uh, you have to trade, um, Machomp to get Machoke or did I get that backwards,
but y'all know what I mean? You know, you have to trade certain things. So we did some of that.
And that was like, I had to check off like 12, 13 things off the list there. So that was,
uh, that was good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, yeah, I've been enjoying Pokemon.
I don't think I'm going to get back into Pokemon, uh, anytime soon.
You never, you know what? It just like, for me, it just fucking clicked one day. I just,
and I think I was talking about Pokemon go and Pokemon home and all of that just suddenly made
me go, well, you know what guys, I'm going to catch them all. I'm going to finally do it. I'm
going to go catch them all. And it's, it's a, it's a thing to do now that, you know, quarantine and
COVID and all that crap's going on. Um, and I'm trying to think if there's anything else in my
game a week, I feel like there's one other game. I played a little more destiny to, uh, still been
playing that, uh, joined a clan of Twitter people. Cause I guess our VOG network clan,
like officially got killed because of inactivity. Oops. Uh, so I joined a clan with Twitter people.
Um, and I don't remember, uh, what else notable that I did in that game yet. I think I still have
to do a fire strike and I'm nervous about being, uh, going in there to do all that thing. So
there's that. All right. Um, let's see, we're going to get into, so that's it for my gaming
week. Let's get into gaming news first, before we get to gaming news, I actually have a couple
like housekeeping things to talk about. Um, number one, and Bobby said this in chat, um, but I'll
reemphasize it here during our little housekeeping segment is that, um, next week we will still be
here during OLR. Um, we're not going to like hold the show or anything, but I should point out that
awesome games done quick. Um, the big charity event, uh, does start next Sunday. Um, and VOG
network's own Bobby Black Wolf is now a part of that event. So for the second time, he's going to
be one of the announcers during that event. And he went over the whole schedule on his show. And of
course in the moment, I can't remember everything. I know Devil May Cry 5 was one of the games,
uh, in there. Uh, and then he had, um, did he get the Kings? I can't remember. He says Wednesday and
Friday night. Thank you. Wednesday and Friday night. Sorry. When I'm put on the spot, I can't,
I just go blank. Um, but he's actually gonna be doing some of the hosting. So that's exciting.
Thank you. Devil May Cry 3, Yoshi's Island and Yakuza 6. That's it. Thank you. Thank you. Those
are the games he's going to be hosting. So we'll be checking that out Wednesday and Friday night.
Um, but, uh, I, that all starts on Sunday. So check it out. Um, remember it's about the charity.
So if you're going to donate to try to get Bobby Black Wolf to read your shout out and you can
listen to his show for more details on how that works. Um, but, um, just like I've learned that
I can't say Mr. Smoosh donated 50 bucks because the screeners don't know what Mr. Smoosh is. And
so they assume it's porn, which they have to do. They have to do. So I'll have to take a different
approach, um, next time. So maybe you could do Mr. Smoosh, the cat. Yeah. I think that's what I'm
going to do is next time. Well, I shouldn't say this so openly as I'm trying to surprise Bobby,
but I'll say me and my cat, Mr. Smoosh are watching. And I say, keep up the good work.
And Mr. Smoosh says meow meow and that maybe something like that. Yeah. My bowl is empty.
Feed me. So anyway, she for once is not in here harassing me. You could check that out. Uh, Bobby
has more details on all of that. If you want some insight on how all that works, that's all on his
show, the Bobby Black Wolf show. So check that out during awesome games done quick. Um, another
housekeeping thing, this, this kind of, cause this is the last show of 2020, right? So next week,
we're going to go into 2021. And you know, I was watching a friend of mine was doing a Twitch
stream, somebody who, who watches, um, the, the stuff here at a VOG network. I'll say it was act
deaf. I was watching a stream of his and, um, you know, kind of the subject came up about how
this show has been going for 18 and a half years. That's a very long time.
There's not a lot of shows that do something like that. And, um, this has been a year that's
really old record. This has been a year that's really challenged us in many ways, right? Like,
you know, that I pride this show on, you know, cause people ask like, how have you kept the
show going on so long? How do you guys find the motivation for the show? And my answer has kind
of always been, well, you know, Dark Soccer, Logie, myself, it's kind of our excuse to get
together every week. We get together in person and we, you know, get to hang out. We do this
little show and people listen and it's a good time. And I think we've kind of been writing
that energy, but 2020 and all of its events have really kind of made us rethink some of that
because I've always kind of sat here and gone, we're not going to go to an all virtual show
because that's every other podcast does that. We only got a special thing, lol. 2020 had other
plans in store and we've gone to a virtual format. And I would say for the most part, it's worked.
Now this isn't me about to announce that like, we're going to virtual forever or anything like
that. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that I don't know. Nobody does. Cause we don't know
where these roads are leading into 2021. We hope, you know, there's light at the end of the tunnel
and all that. But I think it's really cool that 2020 threw these curve balls at us. And we were
able to kind of rise up to that and keep this show going. And that, of course, that's not just me.
That's huge. Thanks to Dark Sakura and Loki as well. I mean, Dark Sakura, shit. She might've
had COVID in those early episodes. Like not to make light of it, but you documented it.
But my blood test says I didn't. But then again, they're also like,
oh, and half of the people don't develop antibodies and I'm like, thanks bitch.
Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, and then I had it, I had it twice or it was really pneumonia.
And we know one of the guests we bring on this show all the time, Shane had COVID. He said that
on the show. It's not a secret. And I talked about that because I just went to visit him.
I was basically exposed now to get a test and I was negative and all that. But I mean,
obviously that whole issue has hit close to home here at OLR one way or another.
I've lost two friends this past year. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. I think, I think
if we don't all know somebody directly, we know somebody who's been impacted. I can certainly say
that for sure. And I almost didn't get to see my dad before he died. I mean, yeah, he's in Alabama,
3000 miles away. But when his test came back negative, one of the nurses pulled some strings
for my sister and got him a private room and said that, that she and my mother, I mean, my mom and
dad had been divorced since I was, you know, nine months old, but but my mom was in there too. And
they let them in to have two one hour sessions. And the first session was when dad woke up enough
to, they actually took him off the morphine long enough for him to see me on the phone and wave and
try to say something. And then the next time I saw him on a phone stream, he was dead three hours
later. So and I almost didn't get that because of COVID. But, you know, his test came back negative
and they pulled some strings. Well, thank gosh, you got that at least. I mean, obviously that's a,
you know, terrible scenario. And I'm sorry that that happened. But, you know, at least there was
that little light that like, at least you got a chance to, you know, communicate in one way or
another. So that is far more than a lot of people have gotten. That's right. One of my friends right
now, her aunt had a stroke and can't be seen by anybody. That was my dad. That was my dad this
summer had that. Her aunt went nonverbal and half paralyzed. So there's no one who can be there with
her and help her with her affairs or help with consent or anything. So, you know, and all these
people who are like that one Karen that they had in that was CVS or something arguing about not
wearing her mask. I can't those people. I can't even watch those videos anymore. I just can't
with something hard and sandpapery. And my dad made a virtual full recovery for the record.
He got very lucky in that regard. So thank you. I'm really happy about that. Thank you,
everybody who is thinking through the good guy. Yeah, well, he does have some lingering things
like he clears his throat a lot more. I know it's a weird thing and he coughs. So we're always kind
of like, is it the COVID? Is it COVID? But it's not. It's just some weird lingering thing that's
kind of sitting there. You know what I mean? So anyway, let me get you some more positive vibes
from our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network where SSJ100 Matt says, I would like to say thank
you for all the vog hosts for getting us through this crummy year of 2020. Well, thank you so much
for saying that, because honestly, you know, I can't totally speak for dark soccer and Loki,
but I know for me, the reverse is true for me, like you guys being here on Sunday night gives
me some and throughout the week on the podcast and all that your feedback, emails, tweets and
all that. It gives me something to look forward to throughout this shithole of the year. You know
what I mean? Right. Like it gives me a sense of at least I got this one thing I can look forward to,
you know, happy hour at Chili's. Nope. Don't get that. But at least I've got happy hour at OLR,
you know? So exactly. It's given me that. So thank you guys for that. I really, really give us life
for sure. For sure. Okay. Um, let's get into, let's get into the video game news. We're really
here for it. But I just kind of wanted to acknowledge that is that like, despite the fact
that we had a shitty year, we've had some curveballs. We did something I said we were
never going to do. Not that that's ever happened on OLR before. And we and we made it and we're
okay. So and big thanks to dark soccer and Loki for navigating these tricky waters. Of course,
I couldn't do it without you guys. Because people say, how have you gone for 18 years? And it's the
it's it's all of us. It's not just one of us. We've all done it, you know? Yeah. So and it's
it's our thing. Although I really do think maybe we should contact Guinness. Maybe is is perfectly
normal. And this goes back to the original point I had been talking about with Act F.
It is perfectly normal for shows to rotate hosts and have new people. And, you know,
somebody gets burned out. So somebody new comes in or somebody else gets an opportunity. Somebody
new comes in. Look at the look at the view, for fuck's sake, which is probably been going
about as long as this show. How many women have been on that show? A ton, right? And there's lots
of podcasts out there where that's the case. But then and I was telling Act F, we're the weird ones.
We're the weird ones because we haven't changed in 18 and a half years. And I wouldn't have it
any other way. Rotate right now. This chair spins. Yes. Coming to you next week, your new co-host
Sabol is going to be hosting the show. Okay. Forget it. All right. Let's move on. Let's get
into video games. That's what we're here to talk about the gaming community. Loki,
give us some news, please. So we talked about one of the frustrations before with the PlayStation 5
was playing some of these games that you may own. You're not sure which version of the game you're
actually loading up and playing. I think we're like Spider-Man, Destiny and stuff like that.
There was issues where you have to download multiple copies and stuff like that. Well, now,
thanks to an update, they have a brand new confirmed game version pop up that happens
when you load a multi-generation game that allows you to choose to play the PlayStation 4 version
or to switch to the PlayStation 5 version. Which definitely helps with the confusion there and
why you would ever choose to play the PlayStation 4 version for whatever reason on a PlayStation 5.
I don't know, but it does. They're giving you the option to do that, but at least it kind of
eliminates that confusion that may happen with that. So that's kind of nice. I don't know if
that necessarily prevents you from having to install multiple versions of a game, but
if they have something similar, if they have something similar like that on the storefront,
you know, the pick which version you want to install, that'd be pretty helpful as well.
PS5 owners, do you guys have insight on that? Like, did this fix the installs both issue?
Because even Bobby's kind of pointing out, I had a monologue about this issue. No Man's Sky
defaulted to the PS4 version when I put the disc in. And yeah, of course, why do I want to play
the old one? I mean, there might be a reason why you want to go back to the old one, maybe a
feature, I don't know, something. But for the most part, people want to play the new one. That's true
in the Xbox world, that's for sure. It is still a work in progress. Like the article is talking
about that, you know, it didn't it worked in Destiny 2, but you didn't see the pop up in
Watchdog legions only until they went to manually install the upgraded PlayStation 5 version. Did
they get the warning to play the PlayStation 5 version versus the PlayStation 4? So I guess,
no, it does not, you know, address the multiple installs, but at least they'll know when you're
playing the wrong version. They really should just have an option to download which version you want,
or just, you know, hey, it's a PlayStation 5. You know, I'm upgrading to the PlayStation 5 version,
you know, once that's available, and then, hey, would you like to install the PlayStation 4 version?
You know, that would be nice to have that option on there so that you're not filling up your very
limited hard drive. Bobby does point out No Man's Sky VR is only in the PlayStation 4 version,
so there's an excellent illustration. Sometimes the PlayStation 4 may have something that the
PS5 doesn't have yet. Sorry, Jamie. I guess that makes sense. If you're moving files, you know,
you have, do you want to replace this? Do you want to copy? Yeah, so they have the choice. Yes,
right. Yeah, but why doesn't the PlayStation 5 version have VR? I mean,
great question. Well, do you want it to be pretty or do you want VR? I mean,
pick one. Well, PS5, we all know. That's not necessarily true. Joking, joking, joking.
Just like, you know, with, you know, anything, even like with the PlayStation 4 Pro and stuff,
they had options where you can pick, and I'm sure the same is with Spider-Man and stuff like that,
where you can pick multiple options. So like you have, you know, the ray tracing 60 FPS,
but your resolution slightly reduced, or you can do the full resolution of ray tracing,
but your frame rate slightly reduced, or you can just turn off ray tracing and just have,
you know, the 4K and, you know, 120 FPS or whatever the case may be with that. I don't
know the resolution on that. So why not just have that option there? It's like,
Hey, I see you're playing on VR. We're going to pipe this through a 1080.
And hold on. Cause I said something about it. Yeah. And this is, this is important too,
is that, and Bobby does say in chat, PSVR is not native to the PS5. It won't be native to
the PS5 until 2022. They decided the market for PSVR wasn't there to put it on the PS5
natively at launch, but they still support it in backwards compatibility mode, right?
Because we had those adapters that you could, you know, contact Sony and you get the adapters for
free. So, and even before Bobby said that I was going to say, um, there, we know PSVR is coming
to the PlayStation 5. It's just not here yet without the adaptor. Forget what it is.
And here's the thing, here's the thing as much as you might kind of tease Sony about the whole
weird VR issue in a sense, I kind of get it because imagine if they had put out PSVR with
the PlayStation 5, I mean, number one, PlayStation fives are hard enough to get. Can you imagine,
you know, now throw a VR unit into that and how, how hard is that going to be to get with the
production? And then on the other hand. Okay. So you're going to buy a $500 console. And then on
top of that, a $300, $400 headset, they're going to ask you to buy that day one. Hell no.
In a pandemic where people are unemployed. Yeah. Throw that out there too.
People aren't going to do it right. There will be some right, Bobby, there'll be some that would do
it. But I think for the most part, the market in general is not ready for that kind of ask
for another couple of years, because now when we come into 2022, it'll be, oh, okay. It's,
it's been two years since you've dropped your, you know, 500 on the console.
Now we want to sell you this three, $400, uh, VR headset or what have you. That's,
that's the long game Sony's planning. There's no way they could have asked you for 500 bucks twice
this year, whatever it is. Yeah. So that, that's what it really is. Anyway,
we kind of got off the path of what the story was about, but that's all right.
All right. So it it's, um, it's at least something right now, kind of a bandaid for the situation,
but it's not perfect. I don't know if the way they have everything set up right now is perfect
anyways, but obviously that's a problem that sort of goes away as time progresses.
PlayStation's also been very good about like huge firmware updates on their end. So like I,
and you know, I don't have a PlayStation five right now. I probably will get one next year.
Um, in fact, knowing that VR will be a thing in two years, I should probably get my PlayStation
next year, not wait two years to get it. I w I don't see myself being able to wait that long
anyway. Um, but, uh, you know, by the time I get it next year, I feel like the firmware is going
to be in a place where like, none of this is even going to be under discussion anymore.
Like it's going to be a lot smoother and all that good stuff.
We're waiting for next year anyway, before we decide which one we may or may not get.
I think there's a lot of people waiting for next year, period, just for everything, you know?
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, hopefully next year won't be the, you know, the, the, the floating dumpster fire this year
was. I honestly, truly don't think it will be. And then granted, I've been stupidly optimistic
throughout this whole thing, but I really do think like, for, for, for a lot of us,
uh, there will be a way out of this situation pretty, pretty soon. Well, relatively soon,
four or five, six months, it's going to be some other people and, you know, that are gonna,
you know, make this still a headline for a long time, unfortunately.
Yeah.
But I'll, but I'll be able to go to your house and play pinball.
Yes. Yes. A lot, all the pinballs are, well, I don't know, Dan's got stuff sitting on top
of my theater of magic right now, and I'm kind of mad about it.
Uh oh. All right. Let's move on. Let's talk about our next story, which has to do with,
well, this, this is something that's going to make people sad about 2021.
Not me.
Yeah, I know.
That's true. Not Jamie.
Not me.
There's a halo joke there. Okay. So this is about halo. Here's the deal. So a pretty big,
uh, bombshell was announced this past week, uh, where halo is going to be ending their online
services in December of 2021, meaning the halo games that were for the Xbox 360 original Xbox
actually already ended some time ago. You may or may not have remembered that, but the Xbox
360 games, and there's a lot of them, halo reach halo for halo three halo three ODST halo combat
evolved anniversary, Spartan assault, halo wars, all of those games being sunsetted,
but you have a whole year to enjoy what you've got. Okay. So December, 2021 is when those are
going away. Now some clarity on this. If I am playing the games in backward compatibility mode
on my Xbox one or Xbox series X, will I no longer to be able to play online? And the answer is
you will no longer be able to play online, even in backwards compatibility mode. Okay. Because,
uh, it is actually those three 60 games and their servers that are going away very similar to the,
uh, OG halo and halo two. When the original Xbox went away, you can, you can play a rich,
some original Xbox games, including halo on the series X. That's, what's pretty rad about the
Microsoft landscape right now, but you can't play it online. Sorry to say, because the servers are
gone and that's going to be the same case with these games. Now, what it won't impact is, and
here's, here's kind of the aha moment, the master chief collection, which includes halo, halo two,
halo three, halo four, and probably eventually pretty much everything I just named over there,
save maybe the tactical actually, no, I think one of those tactical games already in there,
but anyway, the halo master chief collection, that is not affected. That is technically an Xbox
one title. And so the servers fat. So if you want to play halo two, you have to do it through the
master chief collection, and that's how you're going to be able to do it moving forward. So
that's what you have as opposed to the master chef collection, which I consistently typoed it.
Um, now, uh, so that, you know, and considering a lot of Microsoft people are on game pass right now
and the master chief collection is with game pass, or you probably bought an Xbox one when
the master chief collection was included. I know I did, um, this, that, that's what you've got. And
that game is still going, uh, and no plans to end that there. So I do think it's, it's interesting.
I mean, there is that moment of, oh, memories with halo three and stuff like that, you know,
in some of these other games, but it's like, eh, is it halo three came out in what, like 2006?
Like it's a, it's an old game, you know, so I'm not terribly surprised.
Say they didn't support their titles. So yeah, this isn't an EA situation. What's that?
Remember when I got married and you came to my bachelorette party? Yes. Dan was having a halo
two land party. Oh yeah. Good times. Yeah. Um, with what we, they had like eight Xboxes hooked up
to eight CRT TVs in my house. And, and then I think halo three was just on the horizon
after that. So it's been a while. Uh, and Mimsie 94 in chat says they better try remasters,
those games, dammit for what it's worth. I think ODST is in the master chief collection now.
And that is, that is it. So the master chief collection is the remasters. You can play those
in 4k and that's on PC and it's on Xbox one and series X. Um, and if you have game pass,
it's, it's a big part of it. Cause obviously that's Microsoft's big thing. So yeah. I mean,
as, as much of a bummer as this news is, at least they're giving a full year's notice.
So you got a whole year to party hard. Um, and uh, also what I think is interesting,
what they list in phase two. So right now, as of December, 2020 halo Xbox three 60 DLC can still
be acquired at no cost. I think that's all kind of included in master chief collection anyway.
So maybe most people didn't notice this, but if for whatever reason you want to go play
the old 360 versions, the DLC is there for the taken now. So you get a whole year to party hard
and then they're going to pull the plug, but they haven't said exactly what day they just,
it's that vague December, 2021, but no sooner than one year from the date of the blog,
which was December 21st. So maybe for Christmas, that's what you get for Christmas. The plug's
going to get pulled. No, I would, I would assume, I would assume December 31st is just the nice
round day. They're going to pull the plug, but we'll, we'll see. So, all right. So, uh,
enjoy your halo three 60 while at last I was going to ask if anybody has any halo three 60 memories
they want to share Jamie, I know you don't Loki. Did you play, did you play other than having to
do halo as my classic game, but that wasn't even on the three 60. That's the original box. They
pulled that one. Like the most halo love one will get from me. I did other than red versus blue. I
love red versus blue. I played through halo three and I think we played a little bit of multiplayer
in our game room on halo three for a very short period of time. But, uh, that was about it. We
didn't really do that. I don't have a ton of experience with it. I played three when it first
came out for sure, because that was like the three 60 game that was being hyped up, you know,
and I loved halo two. So I was like, all right, I'm gonna play halo three. I remember not enjoying
the multiplayer as much in three. It's the game that every it's, it's the demo that everybody
bought crackdown for. Yes. Yes. There's that too. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, yeah. So anyway,
um, good memories, but again, the master chief collection is still around. So halo ain't going
anywhere and then halo infinite's coming out. So eventually, so, um, and by the way,
just to explain to people who are new to the show, I don't really hate halo. I just don't enjoy halo.
It's an inside joke. That's it's a long, admittedly gotten out of hand. All right,
let's get into speaking of jokes that have gotten out of hand, dark soccer. This ain't a joke. This
is real and I'm excited. This is the console I want to get. It's on the top of my fucking list.
Um, what is the, uh, uh, KFC is doing a gaming console and it has a chicken warmer
and it's called the KF console. Yeah. Um, it's not a joke. I thought it was a joke.
I thought it was a joke too. It's more of a fancy case than it is the console.
Don't ruin my, my, my, my joy. I'm not saying that it's, it is in your side of the pool. Okay.
No, yeah. Fifth dream is the top of my bucket list. Um, at any rate, um, the, uh, KF console
is going to be coming out, I guess it's going to be out of the Kentucky fried console.
That's just so hilarious. Um, but at any rate, um, it is going, it's being made in a partnership
with a cooler masters, a PC maker. Um, it's going to be, uh, really a customized PC, um,
that will run 4k games with 240 frames per second, which is twice the frame rate of the
Xbox series X and PS five will have twice as much storage as those systems. It's going to be using,
um, an Intel, uh, nine, uh, extreme compute element that will house an Intel core. I nine
has a hot swappable GPU. Um, just it's, it's a PC. It's a, it's a fucking PC where, where if,
if there's anything, maybe KFC engineers built a Linux branded thing that will show up as the OS,
maybe something like that, essentially it's a PC, but at any rate, it will support ray tracing
VR and has a heated interior chamber for warming your chicken.
So when you play world of Warcraft, you can unironically say, at least I have chicken,
but it's, it's in the whole idea of heating. I wonder if that's just with the,
it's just going to run fan is coming from the CPU. It'll keep it warm. Here's what I want to know.
Why limit it to just a chicken warmer? Can you put other things in there? Like, like a baby,
like what else can go in there? It just makes me think that I'm going to have something I can play
I'm going to have something I can play games on that smells like fucking fried chicken.
And you know what? I'm enough of a rebel that I would put jolly be in it instead.
Is it like, I can't, I can't wait to see those controllers after everybody. Oh, I'm sorry.
Keyboard and mouse after everything. We'll have to get those, uh, the grease proof ones that they
had for a, what was it? Pub G is it, is it hot enough where it's like an easy bake oven or you
can make little cookies like in an easy bake oven. Can I bake in it? Can I, can I, can I bake
in it? But when my fan was busted on, on my computer, on my gaming PC, I used to actually
just leave my cup of coffee sitting on it. Cause it would stay warm. How did, how does the KF
console handle vape smoke? We need to, that's a question we ask in this day and age. That whole,
the vape thing was the dumbest of the dumb. Okay. So one thing though, I'm watching their
little commercial again and you know what was really awesome about this commercial
Mustang, someone's driving a Mustang. Um, you know, you gotta say, you gotta hand it to, uh,
Kentucky fried chickens branding and whoever's doing that whole stuff because they, they've
really not slowed down in 2020. I mean, they've got this, there was that lifetime movie that was
like completely unironically like Mario Lopez or whatever as the, the, um, as the kernel,
even though Reba McEntire is my favorite kernel, but Mario Lopez and some romantic, uh,
lifetime. Okay. So this thing, I'm looking at their mock-up of it on the little commercial
and I can't even right now. I mean, I so can't even that. I can't odd even. That's right. I
forgot. I'm finding the tweet to show people. Jopium three one three and Chad is saying they
had a dating SIM. I forgot about that. Oh yeah. I was, I have, um, the, the dating SIM it's, um,
I love you, Colonel Sanders. So then, you know what, but here's the thing. Here we are. We've
just given KFC like five, five minutes silver Fox daddy. So that's why I thought they're using
there. They're just exhausting the hot air through the top and the neck blows through event with
chicken. So I can imagine that would be so amazing because now you're going to have somehow hot air
has got to get in there. So that means that there is some sort of ventilation or holes in there,
which means if they're going to get through there, then chicken grease can get right through there
as well. So that's going to be a big old mess, but sure. Let's try it. I'm you know what we've
just given KFC like a free five minute commercial on this show though. So I will say I'm with Jamie
where I will unironically put my Popeyes chicken sandwich in the warmer. I have just take that
officially followed the KFC gaming Twitter. Get a free console, Jamie and a terrace of one now,
maybe they've got like a bunch of fun. They're UK based as well. They've got 208,000 followers. So
sure. Why not? SSJ 100 Mountain Chat says KFC tried and succeeded to outdo Arby's Twitter.
What is with like, and this was a thing that's been going for like three, four, maybe five years
now. These like Twitter brand on Twitter is like, it's gone off the rocker. Like it started with
Wendy's. That whole thing. You know, it started with Wendy's. It did start with Wendy's.
Steakham is on there now. Arby's though, you know, they've got one of us in their PR group who does
all this cardboard. I mean, it's all made from their like materials and it's, I'm living for
the Arby's Twitter. Now the KFC one is like, I don't know. I don't know. There's good stuff
coming out of it. And it's not just food chains now. Now Dionne Warwick is back and hey, I have
a lot of love for Dionne Warwick and her Twitter account is fucking fire. Her daughter taught her
how to Twitter. Good. Cause she's brightened up the Twitterverse. It wasn't her knees. Yeah,
her knees. Brittany, somebody. They did, they did, they did a sketch on Saturday Night Live and it
was, it's like one of the funniest things I've seen on Saturday Night Live in a long time where
she goes, can you put a hex on Wendy Williams? You look like a spooky bitch. Can you put a
hex on Wendy Williams for me? I died. It was great. And Dionne Warwick took the whole thing
to don't give a fuck. I love it. I'm loving the deal. And now here's the other big thing I just
saw this week. Eve six, the band from the nineties. Uh, but I would swallow my pride. I would joke.
I don't want to get shut down. I hate that song. Okay. But go look at their Twitter
because they have just, they have entered the town of no fucks Ville. And what was it?
He wrote a tweet earlier that would have been retweeted a billion times that said,
had a one hit wonder song in the nineties and can't get insurance or something like that. Like,
it's just, it's crazy. Uh, uh, pin tweet. Pretty sure we're going to be huge again.
Anyway. All right. Oh yeah, no. Okay. This is absolutely worth following. This was like my
kind of, of dry, but don't give a fuck humor. Right. All right. Anyway, let's move on. We got
from K we got from KFC to, to Twitter talk to the screensaver coming on my Mac, which I hope
didn't shut down the stream for once. Rob, I think we're good. We went from per instead of being,
uh, distracted by food. We were distracted from food. That is an OLR first.
Maybe the future is a scary place. We've jumped the shark, Rob. We didn't just jump the shark.
We blew it up. Let's move on. Let's get into some news, maybe a little, a little, a little
less scary. Maybe something that we can look forward to in 2021. Uh, Loki, what do you have
for us? All right. Um, yes. So, well, actually, um, the COVID relief bill just passed. Um, they
just signed it into law. So that's wonderful. And a part of that, of course, because they shoved the
whole, hold up, hold up. Did, did he actually sign it finally after all the actually signed
it finally about fucking time. Jesus. All right. So he's, that must've happened during the show.
Cause I missed that. Yeah. It just breaking. So, um, well, I guess it was raining on the
golf course. Wasn't it anyway? Sorry. Go ahead. You have to do something. I guess he got bored,
but I already did something today. Um, so with that, of course, so it wasn't just a COVID relief
bill. It was also their, um, spending bill for the, I can't remember what they call it. They're
like, it's basically this big on the most bill. And as part of the non COVID part of that, they
shoved a bunch of other stuff in there because it was getting fast tracked. And so it was like,
you know, 50,000 pages or five, five, 5,000 pages. Cause you know, with two hours,
you know, a few hours to actually look at it and 5,000 pages, it's hard to even see all the stuff
that they're voting, you know, yes on. But one of that was the case act, which is apparently a new,
um, bill that will propose establishing a new court-like entity within the U S copyright office
to resolve, uh, copyright disputes, which basically it's this, um, new group of, uh,
people that get to make, uh, copyright decisions, whether or not you are liable for a fines, uh,
up to $30,000. And then on top of that, if you are found, um, to be purposefully sharing
copyright material online, you could be liable, uh, for felony as well. Um, now granted,
this is not necessarily, I think, directed towards folks on Twitch and YouTube that are
accidentally putting copyright music in their, um, streams or something like that. This is more
of the sense of like, you know, running a pirate server. That's basically hosting movies and stuff
like that. It's more of the purposeful, you know, piracy that's out there. That's not to say that,
you know, stuff will get twisted in a way that overreach, but because I mean, look at the RIA
and what they've done in the past for folks, um, illegally downloading MP3s and stuff,
which really hurts nobody, but they'll find them, you know, so much money on that. So it is
unfortunately something that's already been passed, but is it necessarily going to affect
everyone? I guess we'll have to see what happens, but it's not, not a positive thing. Definitely.
It's siding with these corporations again, who really need no more protections. Yeah. I think
that, I think you kind of hit it when you say the intent behind it is for these, you know, big,
you know, the, the websites where it's like, you don't have HBO max. So you go to this website
to watch the pirated version of Wonder Woman 84 or whatever. Uh, and, and, uh, you know, that's,
that's, that's a no, no. Right. It's, you're not supposed to do that. That's, you know, piracy
laws. They don't have a lot of ways to enforce that. Although I I'm curious, how does that work?
Because most of those websites are overseas, but I digress. I guess that's something they'll have
to figure out. Um, but I think we're worried about how might the language and how might some of that
be used when the RIAA decides, Oh, we could make more money by shutting down Twitch, you know,
or something like that. I think that's, that's the worries there. And to like, kind of like,
so right now they do have, there is like felonies or it's like for other types of piracy or other
types of like, what this is basically doing is bringing the actual streaming part of it up to,
um, equal merits with the other types of piracy they're out there. So the penalties with those
is what it's basically doing. Cause before I think it was, they couldn't, um, enforce a
heavier penalty on people, which I don't know if they necessarily need to do in the first place,
but, um, yeah, so we'll see. I mean, it's just, it's basically, it says it's, it's illegal
streaming for commercial profit is what the bill is stipulating and says provide the public digital
transmission service that is primarily focused on legal streams. Um, I don't know, but we'll see.
I think it needs more revisions. I mean, that's not to say that they couldn't just do something
to revise this as well, but we'll have to see when the next administration gets in.
At least with politicians starting to get younger and younger, we're going to get more people in
there that get it. So to speak, I mean, obviously you have Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has done her
own stream and she was joined by Ilhan Omar. So those are two representatives there, right?
And then, you know, even if you're like, I don't like those extreme left or whatever,
even on the right, we know Justin Amash was watching. Although I think he's done now. I
don't think he sought another term, but still, you know, there are people that are on the right
or are watching what's happening. And, you know, I think I hate to say it, but maybe I don't. It's,
it's kind of an age thing I get, I think. And I think as we get more younger people that have had
Twitch be a part of their lives and so forth and have had YouTube and stuff, we'll finally start
to see laws that kind of answer that. But right now you got a lot of people in there that just
do what Hollywood wants them to do, even though it's in their best interest, but they don't give
a rat's ass about Twitch, you know? So that's, I think what it comes down to. I just realized also,
I opened Pandora's box by uttering the words Wonder Woman 84. Haven't seen the movie. Don't,
I haven't even seen the first movie. You guys, I watched so little TV and movies.
Apparently they had some anachronisms because there were two video games, two arcade games
that were in the arcade that didn't come out until like 86 and 87.
But there are very big opinions. One way I'm seeing people love it. I'm seeing people hate it.
I'm seeing people kind of like, it's just be respectful. Be respectful of everybody's
opinions y'all. It's just, I'm here. It's all over the board. I'm seeing it all over the board.
Whatever. I'm not a DC fan, so I'm not in a hurry to watch it anyway.
Yeah. All right. Yeah. I still haven't forgiven him for Batman versus Superman.
All right. That I did see and I wish I hadn't. Moving on.
Of course they, of course they greenlit a third movie because you know, it made some money and
it's just unfortunately like for me, like I've gotten out of the whole DC stuff
because I don't know, like they're trying to pull like what the Marvel is cinematic.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe seems to have more cohesion to it. And it's like, yes,
it's just going movie to movie. There's like, it's more interesting. Whereas the DC stuff,
it's just, it's misfire after misfire, which is unfortunate because I liked the DC characters,
but it's just, Oh my God, put the people in charge of the Marvel movies in charge of the
DC movies. And then we'll see like a night and day difference, but it's just not there yet.
How did it make? I mean, I, and this is not being being a hater. This is an honest question. How did
it, how did they know already it made enough money? Was, is that just based off international
box office and places where theaters are running? Um, or $4 million already.
Wow. And that's without HBO max. I think so. Okay. And you know, HBO. Okay. Then
nevermind question answered because, you know, HBO probably paid like 50 million or
something like that to have it on their service. So it's Warner brothers service though. Warner
brothers owns HBO. So that's why it's on HBO max. Got it. Got it. Well, still, still the money
they're getting from monthly subscriptions and probably people that signed up and stuff is
probably, probably not. Okay. That answers my question actually. Thank you. All right.
Let's move on. Let's go back to classics. Cause apparently
I, I don't understand how this newfangled box office works in the age of HBO max.
Let's talk about classics and a new newer game. That's going classic. Although I don't think
this surprises anyone. Uh, the game bloodstained ritual of the night has been adding a lot of,
you know, side modes and extra modes in the game. Uh, for example, some free DLC included
a randomizer mode, a boss revenge modes, um, allowing you to play as alternate protagonists.
Well now, um, five Oh five games in our play have announced that there is a classic mode coming to
the game. And when you look at the screenshots of classic mode, it looks exactly like a classic game
that bloodstained drew a lot of influence from a lot of influence, right? In fact,
because the same creative mind was behind them both. Yes. It looks like a fricking
Castlevania game. And I don't mean 70 in the night. I mean the old like vampire Hunter
turned into Castlevania and now thing, uh, it looks like one of those games, but it looks,
it, it looks like it, but it still has, it's not like retro. Like the interface looks like it,
but it's not like an eight bit game. All of a sudden that was that, that was that curse of the
moon side franchise they were doing. No, this is like a classic mode that's built into the game.
So it's more like 2d platforming action. So that's kind of neat. And again, it's something
that is just coming to the game next month because of how well the Kickstarter did, uh,
funded all these extra things. So that's pretty cool. Uh, another reason to visit bloodstained,
uh, if you haven't visited that in a while, I know I bought it and then it showed up on game pass.
I backed it actually. And they have a mobile version now too. Oh wow. And honestly,
I still think that the PS4 version is the best of the home releases.
Yeah. Just played so smoothly from day one. The switch version had some kind of hiccups in it. Um,
they've patched a lot of that out and ironed a lot of that out, but it was a little rough
in the beginning there. So, uh, I don't know if it's J opium or Joe PM three, one, three
said that they announced the sequel for bloodstained today.
I thought they were already working on one. I thought they were too. Yeah. But they might've,
they might've done an update or put out something on that. I'm not surprised. I think the game has
been doing very well. So, um, I'm surprised that a five Oh five games didn't want to charge us again
for, you know, that classic mode, you know, uh, I think the terms of the original Kickstarter
didn't, I think it was if we make so much money, then essentially the community's already paid for
it. I think that's what it works, how it works. So speaking of working, uh, I thought this was
a neat story. Darsaka. I had no idea something like this was a thing until you, uh, shared it
with me earlier today. And I'll tell you how I came across it is actually, I love to watch,
did you know, gaming one of my favorite channels and, uh, the fellow who runs it did, um, has a
game history secrets thing that he does. Um, his, uh, his name is Liam Robertson. And so he did one
about having tried to research this game boy peripheral, uh, called the work boy. And I don't
know if you'd ever seen any, any of the pictures or people saying that it was like the Holy grail
of like old game boy accessories. And, you know, people might remember that I did a year before
last do, uh, the classic peripheral. And I tried to outline like different peripherals, um,
including the sewing machine for the game boy. Um, so this one is called the work boy. Um,
it was rumored to have been released in very limited numbers in 1992. Um, it actually never
was released. It was developed by fab tech. Um, and, uh, it was actually fab tech and source
research and development. So it was a two part item. You have a small little keyboard and a
cartridge. So, um, and as a rom hack, uh, sorry, not rom hackers, but as people who were looking
at the code from the big, uh, uh, the giga leak, they found, um, one of the working prototypes of
the cartridge, but they couldn't get anything to do with it because it was reliant on the
keyboard to make it work. And the video is absolutely worth, worth watching. Um, but at any
rate, um, Liam and doing research on this actually got in touch with, uh, Franz Balus, who was the
founder of a fab tech who gave him his prototype, the copy he had of, of the thing, just sent it to
him. And, um, so, but no one, none of the developers had the cartridge for it. And it
was the giga leak that made this, uh, available. I mean, through this, there's like people who
developed games who lost so much of their work that this giga leak returned their work to them
pretty much. And this is one of the items is included. And so, sorry, that's very interesting
because there's been a lot of talk about is the giga leak like an ethical thing to cover,
you know, it's kind of like one tough question we've been faced with as, you know, people that
are producing gaming media type of thing. Yeah, it is news. And I think that's kind of ultimately
where it falls is like, you're going to talk about it, whether we do or not. So, you know,
and we can just say the leaks aren't cool. It's not cool. It happened, but it is interesting,
Jamie, that now you've kind of got this interesting side to it where it's like,
well, here's a case where this leak kind of allowed people that thought it was gone,
people who worked on it, who thought it was gone forever to kind of be reunited with it.
So it's an interesting, not, not, not that we're saying it's okay, but it is an interesting
silver lining to the situation. Well, and so if people work on this project and they
haven't had any way to save any of their assets or any of the work, because technically it's
owned by the studio that they did it for, you know, for a lot of these people, it was sort of
like, I guess like a little bit of gold for them, you know, just something that's come back up,
like finding an heirloom or something. But at any rate, the thing is that this is actually
pretty cool. This basically does what a lot of stuff that we can do on say our iPhones today,
but this was created before even PDAs were a big thing. The, the portable digital assistants,
like Palm, Palm pilot. Yeah. So at any rate, what this does is it has, and it was actually
pretty cool little thing. It has like a calendar, it has a built-in clock and the clock is reliant
on the cartridge, you know, so the two things work together because, you know, the Game Boy
didn't have a built-in clock. It also had like a country locator and it's like, I think it was
like 16 of the countries would play like the first few stanzas of their anthem. It also had a, like
a loose translator in there, like for like useful phrases. And I want to say
eight or 10 different languages, you know, just like useful things like for someone working.
It also had, now it didn't have a number pad on there, but you could use your top line of letters
that corresponded to a number to add in, to use the calculator, to use the, the phone book. It
had a phone book built into it, you know, like a little portable Rolodex. And it was actually
really cool. It had a word processor built into it, you know, it was supposed to have a printer
capability, but there wasn't a port on, I guess, the prototype for the keyboard yet.
And the Game Boy printer itself must not have been a thing yet.
I'd have to check the timeframe, but yeah, this was 1992. But at any rate,
this thing was supposed to retail for about 90 bucks. What they were saying in the video is that
the, what initially put the halt on it was the fact that the Game Boy was going to be dropping
its price. Like they had a price point on this that was set to match the Game Boys price point.
So you would pay roughly 180, 200 bucks and get this, you know, portable word processor system,
something that was well ahead of its time. Excuse me. And he just put the hold on it.
And the thing is, is that there were people after this who were like, we would have paid for this
thing, no matter what the price difference between this and the Game Boy was, you know,
and they're like, well, kind of wish we did it. And they actually did remarket it later on.
They had it in mind to do one for the Game Boy Advance that of course didn't even make it to
prototype. It was just, you know, drawings. And it actually was, the idea was purchased by Nokia
for one of their PDAs.
And it became the N-Gage. Just kidding.
I would have to dig deeper into that, but maybe not. The taco was not the best thing ever to
happen. And Nintendo hired one of the people who worked on that project as a design consultant
for the Game Boy Advance. And that's kind of what was leading to the WorkBoy 2,
the Game Boy Advance one that never saw the light of day.
So yeah, as of 2.100, Matt says we're getting Classic Game and Classic Peripheral.
Unreleased Peripheral. Then again, you know, I have done an unreleased game as Classic Game.
I did Space Fantasy Zone. Maybe there's a 2020 theme in there,
Classic Unreleased thing or something. I don't want to do that much research.
Maybe I'll do Classic Controller.
This is still neat because, you know, yeah,
it was kind of enhancing the Game Boy to do things that weren't just games.
Now, there's also a budget thing on here too, which I mean, it's just so, so interesting.
Now, what is interesting, Rama shared this link in chat of something he remembered,
and it was like a Game Boy. It was from Infogenius Productivity Pack from Game Tech,
a personal organizer and phone book. So and it actually had a clock in it and things like that.
And it looks like there's some other things there. So like a travel guide, a spell checker.
So this wasn't the only thing to really think of. How can we, you know, make the Game Boy more than
just games when people are taking this in their pockets? Again, you have to remember,
early 90s, before cell phones, before, you know, all that stuff.
Before smartphones.
Yeah. How do we put that all in our pocket where we go? And so it's interesting.
Some people took this approach of putting them in game packs,
although the Work Boy was more going to be not just a game, a game, a program,
but a peripheral with the word processing and all that stuff. It's kind of neat.
Exactly so. And honestly, absolutely watch the video. I will copy the link and paste it in chat
because it is absolutely, absolutely worth the watch. I think it was a wonderful video. It went
into a lot more detail than I did. Of course, don't watch it during the show. Wait till we're
done. But it's so great. It is just really cool to see the thing in motion. I thought it was really
something special. And the fact that the dude just gave it to this guy.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, he's like, I think, like, if I remember the conversation when you won it. Yes.
Here you go.
He sent it. And the fact that this ties into the Giga leak as well is just sort of like news upon
news in history. So, of course, now I would imagine that it would have needed like some
sort of like holder or rig in there, which they actually had a rig designed for the Work Boy 2
that would have been with Game Boy Advance. Like it had a clamshell. Because certainly doing the
word processing on such a tiny thing that could flop over if you were, say, like trying to work
on a plane or something, you know, that wouldn't be easy.
All right. Well, you got to do back to back duty tonight because it's time to get to our
classic game of the week. We've just talked about.
Which has nothing to do with the Game Boy.
Yeah. It's just a completely different pick. That's okay. It's time for the last classic
game of 2020. So every week, Dark Sakura jumps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she
thinks, hey, you brats, get off my lawn. Enough of your PlayStation fives and Xbox X's. You got
to get a console that didn't even come out in the United States for this one. Sort of, sort of,
but you'll get into it. Dark Sakura. And this is one of those.
It did eventually make its way over here in one way or another.
You've talked about this series before, but not this particular game. And I think this is
a fascinating one. I'm going to take a halo approach to the sequel by the way that the U.S.
got, but in Japan, um, Metal Gear got a remake, uh, not a remake, a sequel called Metal Gear 2
Solid Snake. And this is the actual sequel to Metal Gear, not Snake's Revenge. Um, and the
good thing for the viewers, we are watching a later port of the game that is in English that
Jamie will get into later. Just so they understand why they're saying English.
And the cool thing about this is that you start seeing a lot of the groundwork for like Metal
Gear Solid, like we got on PlayStation. It really seems to have quite a bit more,
you see that evolution into this. So, um, at any rate, um, it was released by Konami for the
MSX 2 computer in 1990. And it is, like I said, a direct sequel to the MSX 2 version of Metal Gear,
both written and designed by Hideo Kojima. Um, and he actually did the sequel as a response
to Snake's Revenge because it was bad and he didn't like it. So he made the real thing.
Um, so, um, with this one, of course, it only came out in Japan. Um, and it was immediately
followed up by Metal Gear Solid. Um, this one is, uh, it was interesting. And by the way,
it did get the rereleases of this. It was released as content in the subsist,
the subsistence version of Metal Gear Solid 3 for PlayStation 2 in 2005, and included in the HD
Metal Gear Solid 3 for PS3, Xbox 360, and PlayStation Vita, and then a standalone re-release
in Japan for mobile phones and the Wii virtual console. Um, but at any rate, it was set in 1999,
a few years after the original game where Snake has to go into this territory known as Zanzibar
land to kidnap a scientist and to destroy a new Metal Gear called Metal Gear D. Um,
it's got a lot more of the stealth, uh, aspect to it. Um, really just, uh, over the top actually,
because it really evolved that system and it deals with a lot more in terms of the storyline.
It's really gathered some complexity going over like the nature of what war is and, uh,
nuclear proliferation. Um, it's on record as one of the best 8-bit games ever made.
And so with this one, um, it, like I said, it builds on that stealth based gameplay. Um,
your objective is to infiltrate the enemy stronghold while avoiding detection from
soldiers, cameras, infrared sensors, and other surveillance devices. Um, and so, uh, one of the
big changes actually not in, I guess, Snake as much, but as in what the enemies can do.
So instead of having like this one stationed guard, they now patrol multiple screens on a
single map and they have expanded vision to 45 degrees. They can turn their heads.
Um, they can detect sounds. Um, like if you punch a wall or shoot a gun, uh, without a suppressor,
they'll hear it. Um, and then they'll come investigate. Um, they can hear you walking on
certain surfaces. And if you're discovered, then you have a counter that goes down until they've
lost track of you. So then when it reaches zero, then it goes back to normal sound a lot like
Metal Gear Solid right there, just saying you do have, um, new maneuvers, new tools.
So you can duck under desks inside air ducts. You have a three by three radar grid so that you can
see where your position is versus the enemies. Um, of course the radar is disabled in the alert
phase. Again, we saw this in Metal Gear Solid. Um, you can, uh, increase your health and carrying
capacity every time you beat a boss. Um, you have robot robotic mice to distract enemies with,
you have camo, different kinds of rations. Um, the transceiver for your conversations are now,
uh, they're pro the, this program to be a lot more context sensitive instead of just based on
where you are and you can see the faces of people that you're talking to. Um, and so, um, you know,
you get different, uh, codes, different, uh, frequency numbers. You can lure a carrier pigeon
with certain rations. You got all kinds of different stuff. You can chase a lady spy into
the ladies room. Didn't we see this with Meryl? Um, kind of, um, that again, Metal Gear Solid.
Um, but the MSX2 version requires, um, either a floppy disk drive or the Game Master 2 utility
cartridge to save your progress. Um, and in absence of that, the password, you, you have a
password. Later versions of the game did remove the password favor, uh, the password feature in
favor of using standardized media, such as memory cards or internal hard disks. So, um, your main
character, you have a solid snake. Um, you have Roy Campbell. Um, you've got, uh, his, uh,
commanding officer, McDonald Miller, who I think didn't he become master Miller in the later ones.
You have, uh, George Kessler. You have Joseph Norden who was renamed to Johan Jacobson in the
later ones. You have Holly White as a CIA agent posting as a journalist. You've got, uh, all kinds
of just other characters. Um, uh, just, and some of them we've seen come back. You also have Big Boss
and Gray Fox, as we saw in, uh, in, uh, Metal Gear, Metal Gear Solid. Um, you've got bosses,
you have, um, like one called Running Man, Red Blaster, Black Color, who's renamed to Black Ninja.
Um, Predator, uh, who was also renamed Jungle Evil for some reason. And, you know, so basically
that's sort of starting the hokey name, uh, thing that went on in later Metal Gear games.
Um, so, um, I'm not gonna get too much into the story cause I'd say you should go out and play the
game. Um, there's also translated original MSX versions out there to play, but it was very,
very successful. Um, uh, Kojima of course was not involved in either of the NES versions
and he didn't have a plan to do the sequel until he saw that one of his coworkers was assigned to
work on Snake's Revenge. Um, and he of course wasn't happy about it. And so the, the coworker
actually encouraged Kojima to do his own. And so, um, Jamie, I just have to say a comparison
between you and Hideo Kojima and probably why you like him so much is that this game was motivated
by spite, much like, uh, you, everything that I do. I'm absolutely motivated by spite. I mean,
that's, that's really what it is. Metal Gear Solid 2, or excuse me, I'm sorry. Metal Gear 2
is Solid Snake is one of those games that exists out of spite. Maybe, maybe Mega Man 2 being the
only other I can think of at the top of my head where they, they weren't going to do it until the
workers just kind of did it on their off time. Well, and, and basically, um, after some business
trips, Kojima got the execs to approve of it for the MSX. So, um, as I said earlier, the MSX 2
version of, uh, Metal Gear 2 was released in Japan on July 20th, 1990. Um, no English version
was produced, um, since Konami, uh, actually discontinued sales of the MSX in Europe because,
you know, the U S never got the MSX. It was, they did in Europe. There was a fan translation
done in 1987 by the MSX hobbyist group, G and T international. Um, the first port came on a
Japanese phone. Um, basically a feature phone was what they're called that had like the, the,
the like video windows and stuff like that, um, came out October 1st, 2004, uh, for download on
i-mode easy web and Yahoo mobile services. The guy playing this isn't very good at stealth,
just saying, well, the video is going to loop in a minute here anyway. Sorry. Yeah. I only
am able to pull about 10 minutes before it loops. But at any rate, um, uh, it included,
um, an easy mode, a boss rush, uh, that was unlockable after you beat the game. Um,
and then the portraits in the MSX two version were modeled after like some real celebrities,
but then they, uh, were redesigned to look like the original character designs in the later
installations or installments. Um, and these changes also carried over into metal gear,
solid three subsistence, that version that came in and metal gear solid three snake eater snake
eater. Anyway, I can't think of snake eater without that song gonna play in my head. Um,
it did get her a release on the Wii virtual console exclusively in Japan on March 30th,
2010. Um, and it was of course, emulated off of the MSX two hardware rather than being a port.
Um, so, uh, the music was done by the Konami, uh, uh, uh, I always mispronounce it Kukeha club.
Um, same people that worked on nemesis two and snatcher. Um, and you can actually hear some of
the arranged music from that in the VR training disc for metal gear, solid integral, or as we
got it, metal gear, solid VR missions. So, uh, the theme of solid snake was, uh, from that game
was heard in super smash brothers ball. So it was ranked at number one in MSX magazines, top 30 best
selling MSX games. Uh, it was, I mean, pretty much given some amazing reviews, just even in the,
the later iterations that we got with, uh, the releases with the later metal gear games,
the remastered ones. So, and I mean, I didn't play it myself. I watched Dan play through it
cause he had, um, an emulator for it and he was really getting into it. I think this game is,
is pretty fantastic. Um, it, it laid this one, I think like while the first model gear might've been
the foundation for all of the later games, this one really laid out the groundwork.
This one was the cornerstone, the, the, the, the studs, the, the anchors.
Well, it's just such a unique release to where, you know, we literally had two different sequels,
uh, in the U S versus Japan, which doesn't happen all the time. I mean, super Mario
brothers comes to mind, but it's not, uh, it's not something you, you really have a lot of in,
in the history of gaming. Um, and, and just the fact that not only like, and, and even with Mario,
like at least those games were still both Nintendo games, but these are like
really radically different because metal gear, uh, two was for the longest time,
only an M I'm sorry, not, not the, not the no snakes revenge is what I call the U S revenge,
but, uh, metal gear two was a MSX thing, which we didn't even have here in the States.
And then of course, snakes revenge was an NES game. And yeah, I play, I remember playing a
little bit of it and it wasn't it, you could tell it was designed by different people. It
was a different kind of game. Um, but then memories of playing it, but yeah,
it's not the best game. It's also weird because many of us in the U S our foundation of metal
gear is that original, uh, admittedly subpar version of the game, but we didn't know that,
you know, we didn't know that the last boss exactly. And so it is interesting how, you know,
here in the U S you know, we just, I think we all just kind of collectively wrote off snakes
revenge and then, Oh, metal gear solid shows up. And that's really, you know,
either the first experience in the franchise for a lot of people, whatever, but, but you bring up
a great point that it's like, but the, the real bridge between metal gear and metal gear solid
is this. And unless you are a hardcore metal gear collector or whatever, you probably have
never played it or maybe even heard of it before because of its unique Japanese release. Sorry.
On top of that, you know, like what I think a lot of people didn't realize when they were
playing metal gear solid is that when gray Fox shows up and snake knows him
and everyone's like, who the hell is gray Fox and why does snake know him?
Yeah. Good point. Yeah. And I really liked that Kojima was like, I reject.
Wasn't I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Jamie. Wasn't gray Fox in the original metal gear. I know big boss
was I thought gray. Yeah, I guess, but I think, but he had more of a role to play.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's been a lot. I loved the metal gear when I was a kid and I had,
but I never super got into the solid series. Honestly, they just became too, too stealthy
for me. Sorry. Well, what I was saying though, with that is this like Kojima said, I reject
your reality and replace it with my own. And I think that getting those, uh, the subsistence
and metal gear solid three is the first exposure that people who did not actively look for it here
in the U S got to, to this game. And I'm really glad that they, uh, they, uh, uh, localized it,
uh, for, for what we got over here, because it's a fantastic game. I really enjoyed the story.
Yeah. Um, it's been years since I've done any play of it, but I was just like thinking
what is something that would be good to end the year on?
Yeah. And what, you know, I really wish Kami would kind of get their shit together, so to speak and,
and maybe put, put these, uh, redone versions out again, you know, outside of the, the metal gears,
you know, where it was just showed up in as bonus content, why not do some rerelease standalone
content of, uh, on the Nintendo switch or something of the MSX games? I'd be so into that.
I'd love that. So, oh, we'll see. But, um, with this particular segment over,
I want to position a question to both of you guys that, um, Dan asked me, and he asked me what semi
obscure video or video game system or anything that plays video games would I want? So before
I give you my answer, I want to know what your YouTube would choose. Wait, I don't know who you
dark soccer would want or who I would know what, what I want. I'm asking you what, what's semi
obscure or somewhat obscure system that you would want. Um, damn. That's a really good question. Um,
I know you put me on the spot here. Um, I can do that. Maybe. Yeah, you can. Um,
I was going to say maybe like, uh, of course my brain is going to like retro stuff
and I'm kind of torn between like either like an old ass, like Apple to eat. Cause I never had
one of those when I was a kid. Um, and there's a lot of fun stuff to rediscover on that. Or maybe,
um, straight up a Coleco. I know that's your, your bread and butter, but I never had a Coleco
and never really got to play with that. Okay. Maybe I have two of them. Do you really?
Yeah, it's in my garage. No, no, I have to Dan bought one from one of my coworkers and then I
came back from Alabama with one, although I don't get me wrong. MSX would be bad-ass,
but the reality is all the games are in Japanese. I, you know, I'm not going to count the Saturn
as obscure by the way that power I'm talking about things like an FM towns or something like that.
I thought of another one, the Panasonic queue, the one that played GameCube games.
That was kind of rad. Okay. All right. Uh, I don't really have any consoles that I would want. I
would think, um, well, I'm also counting gaming computers that were standalone systems like
computers too. So something like the FM towns or something like that. No, I don't really have any
thing that I would want. Um, yeah, I can't think of anything. I told Dan mine would be the sharp
X 68,000 or if I can find a duo LT and a PC engine duo LT, wait, why I say duo, it's just a PC engine
LT. Um, which you remember Chris saying, yeah, I think he has a couple of them. He lost one in a
movie theater. True story. He's I don't know if he wants me to tell that, but I just did. Um,
some interesting comments in chat, uh, Bobby saying not obscure, but I want a CDI so I can
find the Zelda games. Uh, or it has a 3d. Oh, um, Questmaster says not a console to have out an
arcade cab, like the R three 60. Yeah. Well, the CDI games were, uh, unofficially remastered a few
weeks ago and they are on the internet if you were looking to play for those on PC. Yeah. So
that's something, well, we know what Dan's answer was. Oh, what's that? Dan wants the
Capcom CPS changer, which you can only play like eight games on it. I mean, but they're the arcade
games. If we can throw arcades into it, then I want a Nintendo pay choice 10, but now the
changer itself is meant to play the arcade games on a home TV, which is basically just like, I
think a super gun and yeah. Um, but yeah, Dan said the CPS changer and me, I, I would want the, the
shark. Okay. All right. Bobby, you send me $4,000. I'll send you a doctor who pinball on my honor,
including the shipping. All right. Uh, there it is your classic game of the week,
metal gear two, not to be confused with snakes revenge, the not great sequel we got in the U S
but the actual MSX sequel done by Hideo Kojima to the original metal gear game. Um, good pick
dark soccer. I would, I actually thought we'd done it before, but I think we just talked about
it when we were talking about like the first game or something like that. So, uh, cause I,
I knew this little bit about gaming history and I, I didn't know for a lot. We were doing this
show and I learned about it. I was like, what there's, there's a different metal gear two game.
What I kind of learned that through this show. So, um, yeah, kind of cool. It's a neat little gaming
story. All right. Uh, let's get into some rapid fire news. We're going to travel around the globe
and, uh, quickly, uh, cover some other things. Actually. I don't think we have as much with the
holiday week, but we'll get into it. Well, anyways, um, so we have some more games with
gold for January. So now, uh, it looks like little nightmares, uh, dead rising, the king of fighters
13 and breakdown will be your games of gold, uh, for January. So that's pretty cool. And then
another Microsoft titles also getting an update. So the, uh, VR update for Microsoft flight simulator
is now a thing. Um, it is going to be, of course, I mean, it makes sense. Uh, just the actual like,
uh, head tracking is basically supported. They don't actually support any of the controllers,
which makes sense because you're flying a plane. I can't imagine that they'd be able to simplify it
that, um, that much, but I guess it's got to come to consoles at some point. So they're going to
have to simplify it a little bit, but it is not something that they are supporting right now,
but it does support any open XR compliant headsets. So your Oculus five valve index,
windows mixed reality headsets are supported. So pretty cool. Wonder how big that download is.
Um, but yeah, it's going to be big. I have to try that. All right. I just don't want to download the
whole game. Well, uh, speaking of VR, another, uh, game that's getting VR is Tetris effect
connected. And you might be thinking, well, wasn't Tetris effect already in DVR. Yes. The PlayStation
version was in VR, but this is Tetris effect connected. This is the kind of sequel kind of,
it's more like Tetris effect plus I would call it. Uh, and, uh, that wasn't on PlayStation and
still isn't, uh, it is actually still exclusive to Xbox and windows 10, but through the Microsoft
windows 10 store, not through Epic games, which is where I bought it. That's the only game I've
bought on the Epic store is Tetris effect. And it is not upgraded to connected still
that will be coming out this summer. So it sounds like Microsoft probably threw some
coin to have connected be an exclusive for a little bit. But anyway, if you have it on the
Xbox or windows 10 store, obviously the series X and those that they don't support VR headsets,
but if you have it on a PC through the Microsoft storefronts, you will get, um, you know, of course,
4k 60 frame per second output and all this, but in the connected stuff will add, uh, with the 1.10
patch official support for Vive and Oculus rift headsets. Although the notes for the patch do
indicate it should work with other like steam VR, if it runs that it'll work on the headset.
So it's should be pretty, uh, pretty open-ended there. And I'm sure, I'm sure if it doesn't
officially get supported hackers will make it work wink. So, um, there you go. Tetris effect
connected now in VR, which is a great VR game, by the way, at least the original is so one of the
few things I've played a lot, a lot, a lot of on the PlayStation 4 VR, uh, dark soccer. How about
you? Um, how about some home star runner news, but it's 20, 20, 20 X D six anyway. Um, so since
flash is being officially discontinued, um, on, uh, December 31st, um, they, uh, have, uh, finally
put out level 10 of a stinko man 20 X D six. So, um, it's, uh, it's basically a flash game.
It's got multiple levels sort of anime style. Um, and yeah, level, level 10 is out. Um, you can
play it before it goes away. Um, I might have to, uh, get myself my, uh, flash downloader and just
save the whole game so I can play it forever. But yeah, some, uh, home star runner stuff.
Say you got about five days to squeeze it in there before flash has gone forever.
So, right. Yeah. That's been a whole to do going on with my, uh, day life because flash is how a
lot of e-learning was built back in the day. And so we have to kind of like convert it all
to not be flashing. I learned flash in college. Yeah. I learned a little bit of it there too. So
yeah, I took two whole semesters or not, not semesters, but yeah, semester is learning flash.
Yeah. And I sucked at it, but the fun thing now is that all that time I spent in learning out flash
made it really easy for me to learn a motion and DJ Rama S and chat says new grounds created an
alternative flash player for its website. Oh, I'm sure, I'm sure there will still be ways. Um,
but for the most part, probably just update this for HTML five. Yeah. Yeah. So by the way, did,
did what Alan, uh, bring me show up on cam because he went to the store and sometimes they'll bring
me a little treat. So he brought me, he brought me red vines, but they're not because you know,
Jamie, I don't think you'll like this. I'm not really into red vines, but it's the black
licorice red vines. Yum. Cause I'm, I am that freak who loves black licorice. I thought you
like Jaeger too. I do love Jaeger actually. Cause you know what it tastes like? Terrible.
Malort on the other hand. I'm kidding. All right. So I have to ask, have you ever had a Uzo?
I don't think so. No, it is an Annie's flavored, uh, uh, liqueur from Greece. Huh?
So if, if you come over, I might invest in a very small bottle of Uzo to see if you can stand it.
All right. I hate it. All right. All right. I think that's it for rapid fighting. Absinthe
is also nasty and I've had the real thing. So I feel like I've had it, but it was the,
the marketed thing. Like it wasn't the real thing. Like it was the, you know, when after everybody
saw Moulin Rouge, uh, somebody made a mainstream version of it. So I don't think I've had the real
thing. All right. When I had it, it was actually on a Creek Indian reservation. Ooh, fun. And so
it was the real thing. Cause the laws are different. You could bring it in there. Yeah. Um,
and it was absolutely terrible. It spirits of wormwood it, and it kind of handed me my ass
cause I had a bunch of it cause I don't even know what the fuck we were doing,
but absent this terrible pod culture says I had a dragon con and I, I, that's what I kind of thought,
but I didn't want to commit myself to that, but thank you for that. And I remember, am I wrong?
It was, it was kind of the, it was the, the, you could buy it at a store stuff, which,
you know, the stuff Jamie's talking about, you can't really buy it.
But by, by the way, um, to, to tell Ronma who
said, uh, Mako Chan would love to have some of the real, the real deal. I was, um,
18 when I had absence. It's been a little while, but not that long.
It's been a while. All right. Let's move on and travel around the world and check out some
release dates. Although I have a feeling it's going to be a quiet week, but let's check in
anyway. Got nothing for you. I'm sure there's some digital games coming out, but nothing's
on the slate. Yeah. We're done for the year at this point. We're pretty much done for the year.
Um, mine are still loading. Do we want to go to Jamie's UK dates? Do you have those?
They ain't jack shit. Yeah. Uh, okay. There we do have some, some, some things in, uh, Japan,
just a few Digimon survive is out on the Nintendo switch this week in Japan. So you have that.
Uh, and I think that's it. I'm leading the PS4 real quick. Did you Mon survive is there too?
Ninja judge tomorrow collection and shovel Knight gets a retail release in Japan. So that's what you
have to look forward to this week. Okay. We have a few more stories for you guys, and then we will
wrap it up. Uh, Loki. All right. So, um, I guess despite all of the bugs and everything, um, with
the PlayStation four and, um, X-Box one versions of cyberpunk 2077, it is still selling, uh, like
crazy. They hit 13 million in sales. Um, even with the refunds factored into that as well. So
it's doing pretty well. I mean, I guess the game is highly anticipated, so that probably
counts for a lot of it, but it is good to see that it's doing well, just wish it was released
in the better, uh, state. But as Jamie had mentioned earlier, there was a new patch that was,
um, released this week. And with that, it fixed one of the bugs that was wiping save files.
Apparently if your save file hit a certain limit, so eight megabytes, and that could be from just
having a large amount of crafting items in your inventory. Um, apparently it was causing corruption
and it would actually, um, erase your progress, but the new apparently 1.06 hot fix claims that
it will prevent that, uh, from rising, but it won't fix any of your saves that you had that
were already affected by this bug. So yeah. And then on top of that, it also improves memory
management and stability, which should result in fear crashes, but we'll have to see. And it's only
15 gigabytes. So yay. Is that all? Is that that's it? Yeah. I actually think part of the reason I
decided to jump in and try to tell me why this week is because I was looking at like, how much
bandwidth have we used? Oh, we're only up to 600 gigs. Okay. We got a ways to go. I have some room.
So I downloaded some games. It's sad that I have to like manage things on that level now, you know,
but anyway, he's out of office in like less than a month. Can't wait. Um, and, uh, yeah. So cyberpunk
it's still selling pretty well. Now, of course, we don't know how many of those were bought and
placed under a Christmas tree or equivalent sort of thing for the holidays. Um, but we can assume
that maybe not as many as the internet wants us to think are like, you know, returns in waiting,
so to speak. I think, and I think too, this is probably one of those cases where the internet
is making a lot more noise than the actual reality of people that are going to the trouble
to return the game, or maybe even can realize that they can do it. You know, I think there's probably
a lot of people who are getting it for Christmas, et cetera, who don't even realizing refunded if
they wanted to. Yeah. Or just, there's a lot of people that realize that. Yeah, that sucks that
the game is all broken right now, but I also have like 700, 800 games in my backlog. So I'll just
put this in there with them and come back to it when it's fixed. Well, and then of course also PC
seems to be the least, uh, of the systems that's getting complaints. It's really about the older
cons or I hate saying older consoles, but it's really what it is now. The PlayStation 4, Xbox one
versions, because again, uh, we had that story a couple of weeks ago about how cyberpunk was, was
shattering the steam concurrent play records by like a lot. And I would imagine those people
generally are having problem free experience. Well, you know, they're having Bethesda bug
style experiences. They're not having like the, Oh my God, this is broken type of stuff that the
PlayStation 4, some of the PlayStation 4 and Xbox one folks are experiencing. So, yeah. Yeah.
All right. Anyhow. Well, speaking of steam, let's talk about steam sales. Has anyone now, and this
is, this is very much a, uh, no one special question of the week, but, uh, I think it's
worth asking, but has anyone succumbed to the steam sale or any type of digital sale going on?
Well, you, you literally bought something during the show, right? I'm waiting for someone though,
to buy me Detroit because of presence. Oh, I forgot that that's even on PC.
Yeah. It's at the top of my steam one list. There you go. Um, I w I haven't picked it up yet,
but of course, uh, the, the great enabler, my friend, Shane, uh, happened to mention to me,
did you look at the sale on DJ max? And I was like, I don't want to buy that again.
I already bought on PS4. Oh, it's really, it's down to 20 bucks now. Now it's in,
now it's in the range where I might buy it again. Uh, so yeah, I haven't, I haven't done it yet,
but I probably will pull the trigger before the new year and buy myself DJ max on steam again.
Uh, Loki, have you, have you gotten suckered in any of those, uh, sales yet?
Um, not really like my son wanted me to buy him, uh, Gary's mod. So I did that, but it wasn't on
sale. I actually accidentally hit something that played out all through by speaker. So I didn't
mean to scream into the mic. Oh, you're fine. It didn't come through on our end. So I know,
but it blew my ears out. Um, I, I'm looking at fuser it's down to $40, but there's still,
that's still a lot of money, man. And I just noticed like two people in chat were asking
about that too. Yeah. I have not played fuser myself. That is one of those games where again,
Shane tried to enable me on that, which most music games he does to be fair. And, and most of the
time I'm I'm on board. Uh, it's just, I already bought DJ max on PlayStation four when it comes
to fuser. Yeah. The $60 was a little high now that it's coming down. Uh, I, I might,
I'm, I must see what my money, well, I guess we're all getting 600 bucks, but I'll let me see
where my money's at in a couple in a, in a, well, I got to hurry up before the sales.
Now is that $600? So like, is that like a loan from your tax refund type of thing?
I, I don't know. I, I don't want to talk about it here. It's just to be determined from other
places anyway. Oh, good point. Now see pixel pockets with some, with some good like coupon
clip and tips here. If you buy it on Epic, which I don't love supporting Epic right now, cause I
really think they're in the wrong on the whole, um, you know, Apple brew ha ha, but, uh, a good
deal is a good deal. And basically says, if you buy it on Epic with a $10 coupon, it's 10 bucks
cheaper than steam. I didn't think about that. Yeah. You make a good case. My friend will leave
it at that. If you, if you and Shane teamed up, it would be deadly. I remember the, it's your free
games. They have new games on Epic game store every day now for at least the foreseeable future
that I have no problem taking advantage of. I'm getting it for free. Epic's paying somebody.
That's not my problem. So yeah, no, I have been stacking up on those games. That's for sure.
So, all right. Uh, so anyway, Oh, I didn't, God, we, I asked, I asked my no one special
question and then I didn't even get to the damn story. So let's talk about how valve now has a
filter. Uh, so you can better hunt for your discounts during the steam sales, which, um,
again, is one of those things I'm kind of surprised it wasn't there before. Uh, so this is,
this is good because now you're not overwhelmed with the fact that pretty much the entire store
is on sale. So they have what's called faceted browsing. So you narrow down what you're looking
while you're looking for the sales. So you use categories like visuals, themes, mood features,
and you can of course combine these. It sounds a lot like tab tags on games. So for example,
if you tell steam, I want to see third person sci-fi games, well, then steam will say, here
you go, dead space three and star Wars battlefront. It sounds a lot like tabs, but it's not going to
show every discounted game, but some of the more notable ones. So interesting. Uh, and I'm sure,
Hey, any way that they can put the games you want to see in front of you? Cause I will say
it is weird how steam just kind of, I feel like it's throwing everything in the kitchen sink at
me, uh, when I log into steam and look at some of that stuff. So I think it's a good idea to
highlight some of the big deals. Um, and, and yeah, otherwise, uh, sharing with friends and
stuff is a good way to get the news around. Cause that's how I found out about, you know,
both fuser and, uh, DJ backs going on sale. So, all right, let's move on to dark Sakura.
There is a new game being, uh, uh, announced actually being developed by, um,
arc system works and we know the awesomeness of arc system for their fighting games.
Um, but they are doing a, uh, dungeon fighter, uh, fighting game, DNF, uh, DNF dual. Um, so it's
being published by, uh, is it meeple Neopole and developed by arc system works. Um, and aiding,
uh, they have announced the game, uh, it's based in unreal engine as a spinoff off the RPG dungeon
fighter online. Um, and so, uh, they haven't announced like platforms, uh, no real release,
uh, window, but it looks pretty freaking cool. I'm just saying, you know, I, I love practically
anything that, that arc has done in this one really seems to be no, uh, no, uh, no less
impressive than any of their guilty gear or any of those games. So, uh, Dr. C and chat says I used
to play a ton of dungeon fighters. So an arc says fighting game has me curious. Yeah. If I will,
I will, uh, share the, uh, the video in our chat room for those there. And for folks who are
playing the home version of the game, uh, look it up. All right. Um, one more story here from
Loki, and then we'll open it up to the listener round table and check our mailbag Loki.
It's a remaster that none of us have been waiting for, but it's still pretty cool. So
probably soon to be featured on, um, games done quick, but I want to be the guy has a brand new
remaster after 13 years. And so they said this, uh, it's mostly faithfully are the mostly faithful
remaster of the original. I want to be the guy, uh, trying to balance the spirit of the original
game with the desire for a consistent physics, like the fan games that came after in fixing some
of the jank. And so it's available for free. Uh, basically what it is converted the game from the
original multimedia fusion to project, to the U the U two engine, which apparently is also referred
to as I want to be the engine. So, uh, kind of fun. They've been using that for a lot of the
different fan, um, games, which there are quite a few of, and, um, apparently it is officially
endorsed by the original creator as well, calling it the perfect package for anyone that wants to
try the game out in 2020. So, uh, definitely go track it down, but, uh, yeah, pretty, pretty
exciting, especially with it right around the corner. Yeah. Or probably being featured in,
I know they have the fan game. I want to be the fan game is in, um, games done quick.
So there's usually one or a few of these that are featured each year.
Nice. Good note to end on. Cause I know that game's come up quite a few times on this show.
It's kind of cool to see a remaster after all these years too. So yeah. Very cool. All right.
Well, that was our last slotted story for tonight. We will take a trip to the listener round table.
If you guys have any questions or things you want to add in our chat room, now's a great time over
twitch.tv slash a VOG network. And I'll check in on emails in just a moment, but I want to address
this round table questions already came in from no one special. Who's saying what's I know. What's
the best game that came out this year is the easy go-to question, but I want to, what's the worst
basically. I'm going to hold onto that question actually. Uh, no one's special, sorry. And just
kind of instead tease next week, since I anticipated it'll be another slow news week with
new years and everything, although anything can happen next week, we will talk about our favorite
games of the year. You'll notice the wording I use there is not the best games of the year. It's
our best games of the year. We will talk about that. And just for, you know, in special, we will
talk about the worst as well. Um, although I honestly, nothing is jumping to the front of my
mind, but I'm sure if I check my history of some things I've looked at, I'll find something where
I was like, Oh yeah, I didn't care for that. So we'll get into that. So I'm going to tease that
for next week. We will do that. Um. Something, and this was completely my bad. We never did do
predictions this year. And that was my bad because I kept putting it off in January and then it
never happened. And then who could have, we did. I thought we didn't. Did we swear we did. Well,
I was going to say the Darth Vader tin. We did that this year. I thought we didn't do it this
year. Now we did because the previous year I had re I'd stuck the ones from the previous year in
there as well. My thought was it's going to have the previous year stuff still in it. So I was
going to open it anyway. Yeah, it should have. Yeah. All right. Well then we'll open it and
we'll see, maybe I'll open it and I'll go, it's fucking nothing, but we'll see. I thought, yeah,
SG100 Matt says we didn't. You see, he's with me. We, I thought we skipped it, but we'll see.
Was it, maybe you, maybe you just fucking wrote it down and put it in there.
So anyway, I would have, we will open that up next week as well. And this time we will
put predictions in next week. I don't know how I let it slip this year. I thought I let it slip,
but maybe I didn't, but we will make sure we get back on track with that for next year.
But I admit it's, it's funny because my brain is like, there's no way we could have fucking
predicted what happened this year. Like, no. Um, so it will be interesting to see for next year.
Cause you know, I'm thinking things like D did dragon con happen this year or did they put it
off or did they do a smaller one? Those are some of the interesting questions I have right now.
So, uh, we'll see. Anyway, next week. So best of, worst of, the rest of, and this gives us one more
week of holiday time to play some games and just make sure, you know, the lists are where we want
them to be. So we'll go over that next week. Um, anyway, uh, emails, uh, you guys send us emails
every week. No, they don't. No, they don't. Not tonight. Well, let me get, let me give the address
at least for next time. If you want to send us an email for use on a future show, participate
at orange lounge, radio.com is the place to send us an email. We do keep an eye on the Twitter.
I know I don't expressly read tweets here on the show. Sometimes I just respond to them.
Uh, but you could tweet us at OLR, uh, is where you can find us on Twitter. And a lot of us use
Twitter personally. This would, our soccer is kind of on there full time now. So we're all on Twitter
as well under our own accounts. Uh, I am at Mr. Rob Roberts because the spammer took Rob Roberts,
but I'm Mr. Rob Roberts. Dark soccer is that you're just at dark soccer, right? You were
able to get that name, which I have had forever. Yep. And then Loki is at Loki, OLR, right? Yep.
And everything. Although I will tell people 90% of what I talk about is still, uh, um,
supernatural fan link. So just saying, uh, mine is sassy, whatever. And I always say to myself,
don't tweet anything political, don't tweet anything. And then I do it. I can't keep my
mouth shut. I can't, I just, there's, there's a lot to say. It just happens. It just happens.
I just like, like, oops, I politicked again. Yeah. He will write something on his Twitter
and then I can't help, but write something nasty in response. I just, I can't help myself.
You know, it's funny. Okay. So first of all, I've never followed it's Twitter because it is
not a human in my brain. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Um, but I've just been referring to calling it
the tyrant. Yeah, that's fair. Anyway. Uh, I, I read a great idea somewhere that was,
if you forgot, if you had one of those, um, Christmas candy calendars that you can like
pop out all the, is that what they call them? They're called advent calendars. Okay. Yeah.
And if you forgot to use that this year, if you start, I think it was today or yesterday,
it can now be a countdown to the inauguration. So you can down for that.
Oh man, such a good idea. I feel like I could have capitalized on that.
So dark soccer, you may not celebrate Christmas, but you can celebrate that.
I celebrate, I celebrate gift-mas. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. By the way, Rob,
and I, I know I tagged you in this, but, um, but Dan saw how disappointed I was that we couldn't
have a gay Joomis. Yeah. And so he tried like four different places to try to get me Chinese food.
And then last night, bless him, bless his heart in the positive Southern sense,
he got me Chinese food and I'm still eating it today. There was a feature in the local paper
about restaurants open on Christmas day. And there seemed to be a lot more this year,
but it was, it wasn't stuff in suburbia where you and I are, it was stuff downtown.
Like, um, Bombay, the Indian place apparently was open on Christmas. I never knew they were
open on Christmas. Apparently they're open every Christmas. I'm like, well,
shit. That's what dark soccer and I need to change our tradition to Indian food.
You know what? Hey, it's an Asia. So, uh, and then I think there was,
there's a lot of places downtown that, that are open, uh, on credit. Cause a lot of restaurants
need the business. It's really sad, but it's true. You know, it's so, it's so sad. Um, but, uh,
I, I just, I don't, I don't know, just this whole thing just got me. Like I did not have
a good Christmas. Dan wasn't into it. It feels like it didn't happen. I didn't,
I didn't go see my dad. I didn't see Alan's family. Like it just feels like it didn't
happen this year for me. The other thing too, is that, you know, Dan's mom died at the beginning
of the year and you know, my dad died and it just neither of us were really in any kind of spirit
for it. You know, I hear you. It's been, and I think that's okay. I think if Christmas for you
was just a mental health decompression, I don't want to adult today kind of day.
I think that's totally fine. That was it. I didn't want to think or exist. I mean,
and by exist as like, I didn't want to participate in living. Yeah. I mean,
I guess that makes sense. You're not saying it in a, in a alarming way. You're saying it in a,
I, today I don't exist to anyone but me. Yeah. It was just like, I, I took myself out of the
equation. Yeah. I'm a ghost today. You don't see me. This sheet over my body, this blanket means
you don't see me. I'm John Cena. You can't see me. So anyway, I actually, you want to know,
it's funny. I'm working on Supernatural fan fiction, right? You tweet about it a lot, right?
I put out published 25 chapters in a month. Dang. That's good. And I wrote three chapters
and published them in three days. Nice. And I have another one written that I haven't published
and I'm almost done with another. Busy, busy. Yeah, but that's how much, how little I've
wanted to participate in the real world right now. But I understand you got to do what you
got to do. I've been, I've honestly been losing myself in work, but in a good way. Like I, I
literally enjoys the thing. I get to work on creative projects and stuff. So I've just been
kind of like going in that and I'm just like, I am happy with this. The only thing, the only thing
is some of the toys that I get to use at work. I'm like, God, I wish I had this for all our,
cause I've actually, I have access to creative cloud. I have all of Adobe stuff. So I'm like,
I want to also has access to creative cloud. Oh, do you, do you have it for yourself? I
didn't know that. Yeah, cause I still do freelance. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's nice.
So if you ever need to use, I can't have it installed on your computer,
but you can come over and use premiere or anything. So, um, and by the way, um, back to
my fanfic thing, if you want it, message me on, uh, Twitter at dark Sakura and I will provide you
with a link. Sounds good. All right. Well, I guess we're getting to that wrap up time, uh,
here at the show. So I want to thank everybody for checking out our show tonight, whether you
were here live or you are participating on the podcast feed. Uh, thank you so much for listening
to our show. Uh, a nice word, uh, about the show. Word of mouth goes a long way. Tell a friend or
two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has
a voice, but without the voices here, uh, we've got nothing to say. Uh, and you know, as I
mentioned earlier in the show, it's really you guys that have kept us going for 18 and a half
years throughout all of this and this craziness. Um, we don't ask for your money, but if you do
feel so inclined to support the show in that kind of way, um, it, it is very helpful and helps us
to maintain the business, uh, side of things. So a big thank you for the bits and the subs.
I'll acknowledge those after the program, but I also want to say a quick shout out to the online
store. Um, so if you want to check out some online merch, go to vog network.com slash shop,
and you can check out some t-shirts and some stickers so you can make anything in OLR piece
of merchandise, but make sure you have permission. Don't go, don't go sticking it on archaic phone
booths and things like that. That's vandalism. Uh, but, uh, you can get stickers and, and there
will be more to come in the new year. We're going to try to slowly trickle out some things there
on the shop. So appreciate, uh, all the support there as well. Um, otherwise I think that does it
and it's time to get everybody's final thoughts. The last final thoughts of 2020, the next time
we come to you 2021, sadly, new year's day is not going to magically fix all of our problems,
but we see the light. The real year starts on January 24th.
I well, and, and even more so when I can get the jab quite fresh six weeks after I get the jab,
quite frankly, but, uh, yes, uh, we'll be, we'll be, there's lots to look forward to in 2021 and
we'll put it at that. So let's get everybody's final thoughts for the night. Um, Loki,
I'll start with you. I'm just going to continue working on my game,
hopefully make progress, more progress than I did release it in 2021.
It will definitely be released in 2021. I owe you a pizza and probably January. I'd
see most likely January. I just want to rush through green levels, but you don't rush. Like I,
I just want to get the animated tiles to look awesome to saying, I know the listeners are
going to yell at me, but seriously, if cyberpunk has taught us anything, if you need to tell
February, take till February, you know, take, I can't patch a card. Exactly. Cause you've
got people that now, now this is becoming more than a, Oh, I'll download it and play it. This
is becoming a, I want the collector's edition from Loki. So you got to get it right, buddy.
Well, I got to get suppliers for that stuff anyway. So that may take time. All right. Fair
enough. Fair enough. All right. Um, so let's move on to, uh, I'll go, I'll go my final thought. Um,
I don't, I don't have a lot cause I think I already kind of gushed earlier in the show,
but again, just a big thank you to everybody who supported us throughout this crazy year.
And, um, I look forward to 2021 and the hopefulness that 2021 brings and, uh,
the renewed sense of I'm going to have a list of things I want to do. And now I'm going to do them
because if 2020 taught me anything, it's that one day I might not. So I'm going to do my
damnedest to try to get them done in 2021 when it's safe to do so. Uh, dark soccer,
your final thought. I don't know. Uh, if you can be anything,
be kind. And if you can't be kind, be Batman. Working on it. Have a great week, everybody.
Happy new year. Be safe. I mean, I shouldn't tell you things like don't drink and drive
cause you shouldn't be going to parties where there's drinking anyway. Um, but make good
choices. We'll leave it at that. Um, have a great week. There, there is still a pandemic.
You wishing it away doesn't change it. Um, so make good choices and, um, let's be here to party
when we all get vaccinated in 2021. Have a great week, everybody. Good night. Happy gaming.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR
studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
