This week on the 30 Second Homebrew Report, Nintendo adds two convenient means for data
access which hackers are no doubt already using to attempt data manipulation and security
bypasses.
The two features, those being wireless QR code and web server based image and video
delivery and direct USB connections are pretty damn convenient so it benefits everyone except
Nintendo's own security team.
That's all for this week's 30 Second Homebrew Report.
Now it's time for Orange Lounge Radio with your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and
Loki to talk more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is another edition of Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 846 of our
show for this December the 8th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me tonight are my co-hosts, although the video seems
to be messing up which is strange but we'll get that fixed, say hello to DarkSakura or
Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm alright.
Good.
It's been a day.
Yes, yes and now it's coming on over to the show here but that's alright because I'm having
massive video problems and we can't see you yet but we will get that fixed.
Really?
No, it's not your guys' fault, it's something weird on my side, I'm not sure what exactly
is going on but I will fix it.
Don't worry, mama will fix it but we missed you last week but I hope Dan had a great birthday.
He did.
We had a chocolate orange cake thanks to Becky and played some games and some pinball and
really just hung around and had cake, there was cake and it was not a lie, it was absolutely
delicious.
Nice.
So I just realized what is wrong and why it's not working on Discord and this is a little
bit of a vulnerability tonight so I have to do some fixing live on air here.
For some reason, we are all in the public chat tonight, not the private chat.
So anyone could join this show at any moment.
So I'm gonna ask my co-host to please switch to the other channel right now and that's
the joy of doing live radio but it also explains why all of a sudden my Discord was like, I
don't see this window because we were in the wrong chat room.
I wasn't paying attention, I just joined a chat that Jamie was in.
You're fine, it happens.
Yeah, I wasn't paying attention, I just joined a chat.
It's fine, it's kind of funny actually.
I know the whole, so we do tape live of course every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network,
twitch.tv slash vog network, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after
the Bobby Blackwell show and the chat is lighting up going, OMG, OMG, we missed our chance.
We could have jumped in there and taken over the show.
Orange Wright says accidental guest star.
Fifth Dream says we could have all been famous.
Bobby Blackwell says it's funny now that it worked out.
Bobby's pointing out he has special privileges but he will not be using them or he will find
the privileges revoked.
We'll go record on a different discord.
But anyway, no, I'm teasing.
Anyway, hi, so now we got all that taken care of.
That's part of the joy of taping live is that sometimes there's a little mess ups.
I actually kind of like that because that was a little clue that something was wrong
and it told us that, hey, we got to go to the other channel.
So it's interesting, human proof.
I love it.
All right, anyway, also joining us of course, Techmaster Loki.
How are you, Loki?
I'm doing good.
I'm overly full.
I made White Castle burgers, well, like homemade White Castle burgers, and I ate way too many
of them.
Now, here's kind of regretting it.
Here's the thing.
I finally tried White Castle for the first time because remember, this is one of those
things that doesn't exist in California, like Waffle House and countless other.
I was going to say Cracker Barrel, but that's not true anymore.
They finally built those here.
Steak and Shake.
They were here for like two minutes and then they were gone.
There's still one in LA.
Who is there?
Northern Northern.
Yeah.
Yeah, downtown LA.
There's a lot of stuff in the rest of the country we don't have in California.
So White Castle is one of them.
So I had it for the very first time when I was in Las Vegas, of all places, apparently
has one.
But Las Vegas is a great place for food.
And this was just like a year, no, it had been over a year ago because it was pre-COVID
and all this stuff.
Maybe it was last fall, last spring.
Whenever I went and saw the Gwen Stefani show, we went to White Castle for the first time.
I thought it was disgusting.
I thought it was disgusting.
I can't stand the way they cook the burgers there.
They're like steam cooked.
That is not the way.
I don't need wet, sloppy meat.
And no wonder only stoners like it.
It wasn't like that at all.
I was tempted.
The reason why I made them is because I bought last week these TGI Friday sliders and they
were just kind of eh.
They look like they're better than the White Castle ones.
I bought the Frozen White Castle ones before and they weren't very good.
They're all like soggy, like you said.
So I looked for a recipe while I was at the store today so that I could make some.
And I mean, it turned out really good.
It's just that I chopped up a whole large onion over the whole thing.
And so I like onions, my family, not so much.
And so it was a little too oniony for them.
I thought it was great though, but the next batch I make just won't have that layer of
onions on top.
I thought that's kind of what makes White Castle burgers anyways.
It might have been OK if it was cooked your way, like in an oven as opposed to steamed.
I think that was the part that turned me off the most.
I was like, and the chat is all yelling at me, telling me how wrong I am, y'all, whatever.
You know, here's the thing.
I'm glad that the California thing is in and out compared to that, because as overrated
as I think in and out is, it's like I would never wait 12 hours in a line or whatever
those people were doing in Colorado.
I agree with Bobby that Crystal is better than White Castle.
I will die on that hill.
I don't know if I've had Crystal.
I don't think I've had that.
Crystal is definitely more of a Southeastern kind of thing.
They're not doing that great financially, but you know, I grew up with Crystal and eating
corn pups and little tiny corn dogs and they had little tiny donuts too.
It was awesome.
It's just, you know, the best micro food.
That sounds like A&W a little bit.
Like if, well, I mean, almost all of them are combined with KFC now, but if you can
find an A&W standalone, there are some out there and that's the kind of stuff they have.
Did you know, fun fact, I didn't know this till recently, A&W started in Sacramento where
our show is based.
Did you know that?
I actually did know that.
Yeah.
No, I never knew that till recently.
I was like, oh, that's fun.
And I'll tell you where I was when I learned it.
In the mall that I worked at in Mobile, Alabama.
Yeah.
One of my friends was a manager there and she, you know, it was actually when I was
going to be moving out here, she's like, oh yeah, that's where the company started
at.
Really?
Yeah.
There's like even old ones out there and they're not in a mall.
What?
I think the most famous thing that was started in Sacramento, okay, and I'm in this mindset
today.
Yes, we are a video game show, but you know what tangents, they happen.
Well, sure.
There's that band.
But I was going to say, because there's a meme going around on Twitter right now that
is, um, describe how old you are with the name of a store.
And a lot of people are saying Montgomery wards, uh, Mervins.
I thought Alan's answer was perfect.
Gemco.
That's a great one.
Merchandise.
What's that?
Service merchandise.
Oh, I didn't even know that one.
It became best.
I think.
Oh, best.
Oh, that's another one.
Um, but I, my answer was Mervins and wine stocks.
My mom's two favorite stores.
Yeah.
That's a, that's a good one.
And wine stocks is another Sacramento thing.
But here's the answer that is being said, uh, that I caught that is a Sacramento icon
tower records was started in Sacramento.
That's why you have, um, down in the old, not an old town, downtown, you have the tower
theater.
Yeah.
The tower cafe.
That's all right there.
The tower records started in the back of the drug store that was there.
Technically not gone.
They still have tower records.
It's just an online site now.
Yeah.
And I think they have standalone still in other countries where it was kind of like
franchised out, but it is, it does not exist in the way that it used to here in the States
because obviously a lot changed with, uh, the record industry when everything went digital.
I think another way I could age myself is Virgin mega store on market street in San
Francisco.
That was, uh, like that was going, that was going to the Mormon temple for me.
Okay.
That was Salt Lake city.
That was the motherland gay first department store, which was more Southern.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's get into video games.
Let's talk about the kickoff topic for tonight.
We have a big event in games this week.
It's kind of like the, it's become the winter E3 over the years of sorts that game awards
are happening this week.
They're happening on Thursday.
Um, I just found out they're earlier than usual, so I may not be able to do it live.
It's four o'clock Pacific.
So it's seven o'clock Eastern, but that's to be a little more worldwide friendly, but
it sounds like it's even earlier than that.
It's says they have a pre-show starting at three 30 Pacific.
So that's when they're going to have five world premiers in there.
So five premiers during the pre-show during the pre-show plus a musical performance.
I have to plug this by the way, at the top of the show, because I think everybody is
aware dark soccer.
You may not be cause you weren't here last week cause of Dan's birthday.
But speaking of premiers, we have one for you on OLR tonight, dark soccer.
You actually do know, cause I told you before the show, but the X prize.
So so our pal YYR has sent an eight minute pixel poops direct that we're going to be
airing during the show tonight.
I only know that's what it's called.
I haven't seen it.
I promised YYR I would not watch it.
So I don't know if he's going to announce a pixel poops thing on steam.
That's my steamy poop.
That's my guess.
Steamy poop.
That's my guess.
That's some cool steamy shit.
There may be something else to it.
I don't know.
So we're going to, we're going to find out live tonight.
We're going to do that after classic game of the week.
So, so how about that y'all the, the pre pre game awards pre-show here with our own reveal
coming up later in the show, we love YYR for sharing his goodness here, creator of the
fabulous game, super multitasking, if you haven't played that yet.
So we'll be doing that after classic game of the week, a little later in the show, that's
where we used to do video segments before I got lazy and stopped making them.
So thank you.
Yeah.
I remember that.
Yeah.
Did you know also next week is our two year anniversary of being on Twitch, give or take
nope.
I did not know that even though our show started back in 2002 and we were on, you know, shout
cast, which was got in a variety of ways.
Some people pulled it in through iTunes.
Some people pulled it in through win app or whatever.
The tune in app was really popular towards the end.
Even though we were on that for years and years, we made the move to Twitch two years
ago.
Well, for the second time we moved to Twitch because remember we were on Justin TV in those
years I lived in that house out in Rancho.
We use the garage.
I remember that we were on Justin for a little bit, but anyway, in its current form, we've
been on Twitch TV for two years coming up next week.
So pretty cool.
All right.
Anyhow, I'm sorry, Loki, we were supposed to talk about the game awards, but I had to
derail with our own announcement, but please tell us a little bit about what we're going
to be expecting on Thursday.
So we're going to get a pre-show that they're going to start at looks like three 30 Pacific
or six 30 Eastern with already within just the pre-show and it's going to have five world
premieres.
So we'll have to see what that means.
And then of course, during the show, I'm sure there'll be a lot more than that, but that's
kind of crazy.
So it's going to be hosted by Sydney Goodman for the pre-show.
And then during the actual show, we know that there's going to be an appearance by Reggie
Fils-Aime, who's going to be a presenter for the show as well.
I'm not sure what category he's presenting, but that'd be pretty interesting.
I think they've already let him do game of the year in the past, but maybe actually no,
maybe not because maybe there was a perceived Nintendo bias if he did that.
So maybe this will be the year he gets to do game of the year.
I honestly can't remember, but I could see where they might be afraid of a Nintendo bias
if they let him do game of the year previously.
So maybe he'll do it this year now that he is technically no longer in the game industry
at that level.
Yes.
I know there's GameStop board of directors.
That's a very different thing.
Yes.
And then, uh, apparently they're going to have a, one of those premieres that we're
going to see is the next dragon age.
They're going to have a special look, um, at the game wards, which I I'm assuming is
a little bit more substantial than they did during the end seven stuff.
I think that's when they were showing off all that.
So, so yeah, we'll, um, have to check it out.
It's just a few days away.
Yeah.
Very excited about that.
Um, any yesterday was unofficial dragon age day.
There was some crazy stuff though, but we'll get to that later in the show.
It's coming up.
Yeah.
When I say BioWare, there was some crazy shit that went down this week, but we will get
to it all in good time.
All in good time.
Um, but, uh, big announcements for game awards.
I mean, I I've been calling it kind of like winter E3 because, you know, Jeff's done a
really good job ever since he kind of took over what spike TV kind of had, um, that thing.
And he tried to really legitimize it.
And I would say, you know, we've, we've been critical of the process sometimes, but the
result where we're at now in the year 2020, or at least, you know, or I should say 2019,
the last one we've actually seen far better than any gaming award show we've really seen
to the present.
Jeff has really transformed the show in, in a great way.
And he's been getting some great game exclusives.
Let's not forget last year's game awards gave us the huge reveal of the name Xbox series
X and what it looked like and the actual reveal of that console, which people were not expecting
that early on.
That was a huge deal could, could we see the often rumored switch pro jump out at us?
This game awards.
I don't want to set expectations at an unreasonable level.
I'm just asking hypotheticals expect nothing.
And you'll always be pleasantly surprised, but any thought could, could Nintendo drop
a huge bombshell on that level?
Any thoughts?
Loki?
I mean, there could always be the new, uh, sure.
Why not?
Um, I don't know what huge announcements they would have.
I mean, maybe, I don't know, because maybe I'm trying to think of something like at the
caliber that they would probably do other than like a direct of their own, um, maybe
a new trailer for the super Mario 3d land or world that they're doing, how they're re-releasing
with some additional content, maybe we'll do something for that.
Maybe they'll put out a fifth Pikmin game.
Um, I could see, you know, Nintendo, I feel like has always been pretty good with the
game awards.
And, and Jeff always, you know, had a great relationship with Reggie Fils-Aime previously.
And I don't see why that hasn't continued with Doug Bowser at the helm now in America.
Um, you know, they, they did a real deep dive on Zelda Breath of the Wild when that was
still anticipated.
Um, maybe we might see some additional footage of Breath of the Wild 2.
It has been quite a while.
Um, I know we're not really expecting that until maybe next holiday, but that would be
quite a treat.
You know, I, what first party games do we know are happening that we've seen footage?
Okay.
There's the Mario 3d land.
So there's, which, which technically we've seen before because it's on Wii U, was on
Wii U.
What Nintendo games at this point do we know are happening and we've seen footage.
Okay.
Breath of the Wild 2 is one of them.
Metroid Prime 4 is not one of them.
We just know it's happening.
We have never seen footage.
Um, there's not a lot, so that's kind of why I'm like, Nintendo might use this opportunity
because yes, they could do their own direct, but this would give them the opportunity to
have a very big audience because you know, the game awards gets, you know, everywhere
and it would kind of relieve the pressure of needing to announce 20 different things
or 10, even 10 different things, five different things by just doing one big thing at the
game awards.
Um, that could be very interesting.
Maybe they will announce that there will be a tournament they're going to not cancel in
the future.
I couldn't resist.
Sorry.
It's, it's pretty fucked up.
We'll get into that later in the show.
Uh, I don't know.
Um, it would be a good idea for them to announce something because they have a different audience.
I think, you know, if you're trying to kind of sway people to come to the Nintendo platform,
you know, the Nintendo directs are good, but it's kind of like more like I'm already invested
in it.
And so I'm curious to what's coming out.
Not necessarily, you know, grabbing the attention of someone that might not be, you know, in
the Nintendo camp right now.
Yeah.
Um, in, I don't know, you just made an excellent case on why they should reveal the switch
pro this week.
Again, I want to be very cautious about where I set the bar for expectations.
I am completely would not be a good week to announce the switch pro right before Christmas.
Like not a good idea.
I think, um, the Xbox was fine.
We know.
Yeah.
But the, but the Xbox, they announced it, but like we knew it was coming already and
they announced, we all know the switch pros coming too.
Come on.
But it's not, it's not confirmed yet.
It's not like they were, you know, saying, Hey, we have this project, blah, blah, blah.
You know, project, what, you know, Waluigi's never going to be in smash.
Um, you know, they don't have something that they're teasing, but then they're like, okay,
and here's what we're calling this console.
We've already told you kind of that it's coming.
They haven't said that they've denied that it's coming so far.
Um, I don't think we'll get an announcement for that until after Christmas, after the
holiday, because they don't want to cut into their sales immediately.
Oh, it's like, Oh yeah, I want to buy the switch for my kids and I've got it all wrapped.
It's under the tree.
Oh, Hey daddy, guess what?
Switch pros coming out.
Uh, yo, fuck Santa.
Okay.
No.
Like you very much.
All right.
You made a good case and then you immediately took that case away.
Good job.
Um, it's just like Nintendo tournament and Nike.
Okay.
Uh, but I, I like the idea of Nintendo using the opportunity to show something to an audience
they don't normally get.
I like that idea.
So show a game that might appeal to a very, very broad audiences.
It'd be interesting.
It'd be interesting to see that.
So they'll just announce that games pass is coming to the switch and we'll all be like,
Oh, you want to, Oh my God.
Wouldn't that be a mic drop?
Holy come.
Oh my God.
I can't even imagine.
Like, I re like they're, they're speculating.
And then there's living in that world where game pass is coming to the switch.
I just, that's a stretch.
Like there's a lot of reasons why I think it would work, but there's also like a lot
of things where I'm like, I don't know if that would really happen, but we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Um, anyhow, so we'll see the game awards scheduled to happen on Thursday.
We will be co-streaming the event because Jeff is all about getting us, you know, many
people to stream it as possible.
So you are allowed to kind of co-stream it with your own commentary.
So we are going to do that Thursday night, uh, Bobby Black Wolf will be here for sure.
Some combination of Loki and I will be here, maybe dark soccer if she's not working.
I don't know.
Uh, but that will all be Thursday night, uh, right here at VOG network.
And we try, we try to do our commentary in a, in a, in a tasteful way.
We're not going to crap on everything we see, right?
Loki.
We're not going to crap on everything we see.
I would hope that it doesn't require that for the record.
I, I work until eight 30, so, ah, all right.
So no, no dark soccer.
So, so Loki and I like paying my bills.
That's fair.
Fair.
Um, now, Ooh, good point in our chat.
Y Y R says they did tease big game pass news this month.
That's right.
Wasn't that, wasn't that control though, coming to the game?
No, there's been a tweet after that.
That was like, Oh yeah, we're just getting started.
And I think it even said something about the game awards.
Like they're going to announce another, but like, in my opinion, they could leverage the
Bethesda thing to be like Skyrim Oblivion now on game pass.
And that would still qualify as a big game drop, even though those games are how old
at this point and how many people have played them.
But I think it would still make headlines for more of the Bethesda catalog to make its
way to game pass.
So, so like that's, that's, that's my realistic place to set the bar.
The Nintendo thing is living in fantasy land.
Let's be, let's be real, but weird things have happened in this industry.
So all right.
Um, okay.
So that'll be the game awards Thursday night.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games we've been playing
this week.
Maybe our games of the year, maybe not, uh, dark soccer, why don't we start with you?
How was your gaming week?
It was Animal Crossing-tastic and, um, uh, I've got Fire Emblem, the, the redone in English
Fire Emblem.
I haven't started it yet.
Yeah.
I forgot that came out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it wasn't very expensive.
Um, yeah.
A little cuphead, um, uh, mostly it's just been, um, because of, uh, some goings on,
um, you know, and with Dan's birthday and some stuff.
So a lot of Animal Crossing, cause that's still, still my jam.
Still playing in my little virtual world because it's a lot better than the one that sucks.
All good.
So when I say, were you playing your game of the year?
The answer is yes, you were.
Yes, I was.
No, no, I'm, I'm, it's, it's game of the year for me.
Absolutely.
And on top of that though, um, I actually am thinking of getting Ring Fit considering
it.
It's because it's neat.
I have it, but I had a lot of problems.
I can't get that.
I can't get the strap on to, to stay on my leg.
It keeps slipping off.
Like, I don't know what I'm, let me borrow it.
Let me borrow that top.
Let me borrow that strap.
I want to use it, but I mean, I've been, um, I, I might have mentioned this before.
I've been really putting a lot into, um, personal fitness and I weight train six days a week.
So I was looking for something fun that would supplement it either that, or I may be hooking
up to play, um, DDR again.
You should.
One of my home pads.
I miss DDR.
Yeah.
Or maybe Para Para, but that means I'd have to dig out the PS2 and everything, but look,
I have the gun show kind of, I still have, is it here in the studio somewhere?
You may or may not remember.
I have that unopened PlayStation 2 copy of like DDR extreme 2 that also has a dance mat.
So there's a brand new dance mat.
I don't even know where the hell that came from.
I can't remember.
Well, if people look behind me on cam, those that are here, we had to clean out our garage
because we put in a new floor and there's just like some of the stuff like, Oh, I forgot
I had that.
Oh, I forgot.
I had that too.
Oh, look, it's the Dreamcast dance pads, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So out of curiosity, did you carpet your garage to give it that pinball arcade feel or no?
Oh, I thought you might've.
No, no, no.
Dan was, Dan was like, yeah, we're going to put up like a brick veneer or something on
the walls and, you know, make it look kind of like old school barcade ish.
And I'm like, no, if you want to look like an old school arcade, you have to carpet half
of the wall.
True.
True story.
True.
I, and this has actually happened to me twice in my life from wall carpet.
Once I got knocked over by some asshole at, at the time it was the old Aladdin's castle
right after my little brother had gotten hit by a car.
It was that same night that, um, that we beat teenage mutant turtles with a bunch of strangers
where they kept paying for me to play.
And then they shut down the game as we won.
Um, but I got pushed into the wall and got, um, rug burn on my gene clad legs that tore
through the jeans.
The only other time that happened was roller skating.
Why did some asshole push you into a wall?
Fuck those people.
He was just a big person that didn't notice, you know, little, and at the time I was shorter,
so it was like five foot one or something.
I'm five, three now.
So yeah, still, I mean, that's still, yeah.
Um, now though, someone pushes me up, push him right back, uh, going to our chat for
some comments on a dark soccer's gaming week, uh, SGA 100 Matt talking about ring fit, uh,
saying I used it a lot during the pandemic.
It's a hard workout and really fun to play.
I lost some weight playing it earlier in the year.
Then I gained some of it back by being lazy.
Uh, Misty OLR is cheering.
Yay.
Bring out the biscuits because, uh, Para Para, uh, the home version had those pink biscuits
or you could get that knockoff version for the dream cast where they were like that ugly
green that like, yeah, right.
Uh, bonds double six says, where's the, we dance pad.
Uh, there was one of those too, but that one's a little harder to find it.
I drew the line at the week.
Yeah.
Anyway, uh, no DVR party, no DVR party or Mario.
Uh, what was DVR with Mario or whatever it was, uh, SGA 100 Matt suggesting, uh, strap
it directly onto your leg and not on workout pants or shorts.
I do.
And I was like double looping and trying to like, make sure it was like super tight, like
cutting off and it was still would like slip off.
I don't know.
I don't know if I was just doing it wrong, whatever.
I think I probably have to do it a little more like above the knee.
So it kind of puts it in place, but I just, it didn't put it like on your calf or something.
Yeah.
That's how it measures you going up and down.
Okay.
Now that's kind of annoying.
Maybe, maybe I won't play that.
Try, try.
I, I'm the only one that seems to be having problems with it.
So, uh, I would say try it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, all right.
I'll find it somewhere.
So, all right.
Okay.
Uh, let's move on.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a whole ton today.
My kids got me to play a little bit of, uh, Minecraft.
So I did play that.
I was also fighting with Microsoft because they have me paying for my realm three times.
And so they keep saying, Oh, your, your subscription's about to run out, which is weird because it,
it's supposed to auto renew every month.
And then, so I like, okay, fine, just, you know, renew.
And then, so it starts a new one.
So I found out that there was three going concurrently, which it's just, it's all messed
up.
So I finally got those canceled and hopefully they won't come back, but this is the second
month I've had to do that.
Um, so it's kind of annoying.
Um, but we were able to play a little bit and so that was fun.
And mostly this week, like I said, it's just been working on my game and stuff.
So I'm still chugging along with that.
Um, I also did power up the series X to try to, um, uh, try to acquire certain apps to
play games.
And apparently there's a lot more steps that I need to do that I, I can't do because, um,
apparently Microsoft edge doesn't come preloaded on those systems anymore.
Kind of weird, but, um, cause I thought that the Xbox had a web browser, but apparently
it does on mine and I can't find it on mine.
So go all the way down to the pins.
Yeah.
That's weird.
Maybe I downloaded it in my apps.
Yeah.
It was down in the pins for me.
But did you get it?
Did you have it on Xbox one and now you have it?
Cause like I did have it on Xbox one, but it didn't just copy things over from my Xbox
one.
Maybe my Xbox one has been disconnected from the network.
Yeah.
We'll get into it.
We'll soon.
We'll get into it soon, but to get retro arch on there.
There is a way you can get to run on the retail one, the retail side, not in the dev mode,
which we're going to talk about, but, um, it's a workaround that one of the developers
has to there.
They have to push something out and you have to download it through the browser is so they're
trying to block it or Microsoft will be blocking it soon.
So I'm trying to get past that before they do that.
Uh, Bobby is saying you do have to download the app and YYR is suggesting I might've pinned
it on Xbox one.
Maybe I don't remember doing that, but I might've, um, because I do remember, um, you could
listen to OLR, uh, before we were on Twitch.
Cause I I'd mentioned at the top of the show, the whole shout cast thing, you could actually
listen to it.
I think on Xbox one's browser, uh, I don't remember if that was that vog network.com
or if I had to use a different site to do it, but I remember doing that.
So maybe I tried searching in the apps because they have a search function to pull up apps
and stuff.
And I searched Microsoft edge, edge, whatever, nothing came up web browser.
So like, I, I can't access it, which I'm like, whatever at this point, it doesn't matter.
But like, I just thought I'd try it.
Maybe that's their weird workaround until they patched the issue is that you can't get
it right now unless you already had it, but that would be strange.
Maybe that'd be very strange.
That's a weird theory.
I know.
But all right.
Well, that's it for your gaming week.
Loki then, uh, my gaming week, um, I've been, um, playing some of the similar things I've
been talking about in past weeks, Final Fantasy 14, we get a patch on Tuesdays.
That's really exciting to get some new content.
I'm excited about that.
New dungeon, new story.
That'll be cool.
Um, continuing to play Pokemon go.
Uh, they have that event that just the, the Kalos region, uh, six generation of Pokemon
X and Y, uh, those games just got their Pokemon and Pokemon got, well, some of actually only
a handful.
It's really the starters and a few other trashy mon, uh, and you know, that's about it that
they have right now.
And uh, for me, I'm finding it's very easy to find chess spin.
Like I could probably pull up the game and there'd be two on my house right now.
Um, excuse me, Fennekin.
Uh, I, those they're around, they're not too bad to find.
Froakie?
Impossible.
Um, I had to use the radar.
I went downtown and would keep checking the phone to see if the radar showed the Froakie
shadow.
This was hilarious.
It was at an apartment complex.
I have to illegally park my car, jump out of the car, run over to where this fountain
was where the Froakie spawn, I don't know if it spawned because it recognized a pokey
stop called fountain or what, or if the pool there was enough water to cause the spawn.
I don't know.
But I get over there and there's fucking construction going on and it's all walled off.
There is no fountain.
It's just a bunch of construction.
So the pokey stop really shouldn't be there anymore.
But um, I, and I was like, I was, I was telling Shane, I was like on the phone with Shane
or texting him, telling him this entire experience as it was unfolding.
Um, and I was like, son of a bitch, there's fucking construction here.
And I just illegally parked my car and then the Froakie isn't fucking showing up cause
I was only able to see like the Eastern half of what was on the pokey stop.
I had to basically walk through the pool area like I live there and deserve to be there.
And that allowed me to get just enough to the West side that I got my Froakie.
And then after I went through all that, what happens during the quest line, a quest pops
up, catch a Froakie mother fucker.
I just caught a Froakie and now I don't have the radar anymore to help me.
So I had to go find a second Froakie.
And what worked for me, I went to, um, if you know the Sacramento area, you might know
the fish hatchery.
Look, you've got to know this over at Hazel, right?
So I was like, okay, water spawns.
Well, I was going to go to old town sack on Saturday, but then I heard the protesters
are at it again.
So I didn't want to touch that.
So I was like, where can I go?
That's not downtown.
So I was like, I'm going to go to the fish hatchery and I did, and it worked.
There was a Froakie there.
I had to walk all the way down the trail to the very last pokey stop, but there was a
Froakie there.
Uh, and so I was able to catch that for the quest.
So that made me very happy.
So, um, we're looking in chat for some of the comments as doing on her mat says I found
one in the past few days.
Oh, the interesting thing about finally catching that first Froakie, I get back in the car
and there's another shadow on my radar.
And I'm like, what's this?
And apparently it was a noi bat.
I might be saying that name wrong, but it's like the rarest of the new spawns.
And it was just over by the, um, the, the lady Gaga mirror whole downtown.
It's legit legit.
There's like, there's like all these murals cause of the wide open walls.
It's like a lady Gaga mural over by the Starbucks Starbucks, a golden one.
So it was there.
So fro, uh, the noi bat is a fan of lady Gaga apparently.
So anyway, Bobby Black Wolf says I get back in my car and the tow truck shows up.
Now, luckily I was, I was like, can I be in a white zone after six o'clock?
And it, as it turns out, no, you cannot.
I looked up the regulations later on, but I was like, I'll be back before the tow truck
gets here.
Um, so anyway, uh, that was, uh, my Pokemon go experience.
Now that lended itself to actually playing the mainline Pokemon games.
I talked a little bit about like playing Pokemon home and I've actually gotten into
that a little bit more.
Um, I loaded all of my Mon from sword and shield, uh, into the game from the Pokemon
let's go Pikachu.
I put them in there.
So I have my pokey decks in home up to about 230 or something like that, which is a shamefully
no low number when there's probably what, like 800, I think it's eight 98 altogether
right now.
Um, but it's a start for me.
So that's going to allow me to go back into sword and shield.
I've, I've actually been playing a shield and I caught maybe like 12 more things from
my decks the other day.
So it's been a slow process admittedly, but I just got obsessed with sorting my Pokemon
and organizing my Pokemon.
I made another spreadsheet.
Well, I take that back.
I stole what Shane was doing and I made a spreadsheet that worked for me from what he
started.
And, uh, and all of that to track all of my Pokemon in home.
So that was, that was kind of fun.
Um, so that was that.
The other big thing for my gaming week on Xbox game pass, uh, dragon quest 11, the echoes
of an elusive age, the definitive edition came out on Xbox.
It's the first time that the dragon quest game is out on an Xbox platform.
I didn't really realize that, but that is true.
Um, and this also came out, I believe on the PlayStation four, and these are versions of
a switch title that came out previously.
So the definitive edition was first out on the switch.
Um, and of course the game itself was out in what I think 2017 on the PlayStation four.
And if you're, if you were in Japan, the 3DS, um, so I played it a little bit on the PlayStation
four, but the game is very long and I didn't get far enough.
I got maybe 12 hours into it the first time and I've put in about the same amount of time
now on the Xbox version over the weekend, since, you know, there's nothing else to do
in the world right now, I am staying at home.
Thank you very much.
And so I'm playing, well, besides my walks, that's all I really do.
Um, and then, uh, I, I play dragon quest 11, so I'm, I'm back up almost to where I was
the first time I was through the game.
Um, I, I, I like it.
I think it's a great JRPG experience.
Um, some of my criticisms, the first time I played the game, I criticized the soundtrack
for the game.
Uh, they actually did change the soundtrack a little bit.
Um, they, instead of having the midi synthesized versions, which I don't know why they thought
that was a good decision.
I think they thought it would make, there's been a lot of strange decisions in dragon
quest 11, where they wanted to throw back to the original or be respectful to the original.
And um, that's cute, but it doesn't really work.
Like in the year 2017 or 2020, um, I like that it's an option.
Uh, you can do that, but you can go back to the synth stuff if you want, but now they
have some orchestrated versions that they do sound a whole lot better, but that leads
me to the other big problem with this game.
And that is that the soundtrack just isn't good.
Like the soundtrack's not good.
Um, and I know that's, that's weird to say about a game like dragon quest, cause you
think of like, Oh my God, the dragon quest has like iconic themes and iconic music.
Yeah.
That were written for the first dragon quest game, like 30 years ago.
It's now the 2010s, the 2020s even, because I say tens cause the game originally came
out in 2017, but, but we, we are way past that now.
And um, here's the thing, the composer, um, he's gotta be pushing what he's like 89 years
old now, I think.
So he was making a lot of this soundtrack when he was in his eighties.
And I don't want to be ageist or nothing.
Like I think it's great that he's still continuing to work in whatever and work on the games.
Um, even though he's had some weird stuff personally, but I'm really trying to just
like overlook that and, and look, focus on the game.
Um, and the reality is like, I don't know if they feel some type of onus to the guy
to like, let him continue to be the sole person that works on the series or if he has some
type of weird creative control over it, but, um, yo square, it's holding you back.
Like we're at the point where the soundtrack is holding the game back.
Um, so I really hope for Dragon Quest 12, you're thinking about mixing it up because
I'm telling you guys, the battle theme, the world theme, they get really old and really
stale because they are the only things you're hearing over and over and over and then recycled
town themes over and over.
So my fear is that the guy was only contracted to do so much work that does not fill out
a hundred hour game appropriately.
Um, sometimes you need to ask for help and I think the series needs help as it goes into
Dragon Quest 12.
Let the guy do the main theme and one or two other songs and let someone else come in and
fill out the rest of the soundtrack.
You know, look at what's happening with the Final Fantasy series.
You know, Nobuo Imatsu, I don't, I don't have a negative thing in my heart to say about
Nobuo Imatsu and he's done some great things, great music.
He stepped away from a lot of the music making for health reasons some time ago.
He still contributes tracks here and there, but for the most part, recent Final Fantasy
games, namely 14, have been filled out by other people.
And let me tell you, Soken and what he does for Final Fantasy 14 is phenomenal and he's
absolutely worthy of creating the music for the Final Fantasy series.
It doesn't lessen the value of what Uematsu has done or better or worse or anything like
that.
It's something that is able to exist and represent the brand still very well alongside what Uematsu
did.
Let someone do that for Dragon Quest.
It's time.
So I know I'm like going off on the soundtrack, but you guys, seriously, and I'm curious,
I haven't, I haven't really been reading the chat, sorry, I'm going to go back and read
some comments here in a minute, but like play the game yourself and tell me that like every
other facet of this JRPG is a superior JRPG, but then you find that there's this one element
that's like something just grates on me about this game and I don't know what it is.
And then you realize, oh, the music, it sucks.
I would, I would honestly rather listen to, to, to WAP as the background music and it
would be less repetitive.
That'd be funny.
I would honestly, so now the definitive version will allow you to mix in the Dragon Quest
8 soundtrack so you can actually play that in the overworld.
That says to me, Square knows it was getting thin and like you have to supplement it with
old music.
Hello, it's a problem.
Bobby Black Wolf says in chat, I'm an hour and a half in and I already am tired of the
battle music.
It doesn't change.
No, there's no boss music either that I've run into yet.
Quest Buster says, the thing is the Dragon Quest series is all about being traditional.
The fact that people love the series enough to make a DQ11 still as a hit, despite relying
on decades old tropes is a testament to that.
When you buy a Dragon Quest game, you have to kind of expect that.
Not saying the series can't grow, but right now that's pretty much the expectations of
what Dragon Quest is.
In my opinion, and the remake kind of shows this, you can have all that exist alongside
something modern because like, you know, you have the retro mode in this game, which is
basically the 3DS 2D portion that is something you can play standalone.
I thought I would be super into it.
I don't like it.
It's missing stuff that the 3D version has, and I didn't like that.
I didn't like that there wasn't any voice acting whatsoever.
It was, it was, so it's there if you want it, and I found that I didn't really want
it.
So I, and I think something has to be done with the music as well.
So anyway.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, kind of makes you want to mute the music and find some OC remixes that
are made by fans who care.
Oh, yup.
Let's see.
Other comments here.
SSJ100Matt says, I feel like this was an issue last game.
Well, we never even got 10 here, which is a whole nother issue.
But yes, I believe nine was criticized for some similar things as well.
And then let's see.
YYR in chat says, I think the MIDI soundtrack was because the jerk music director insists
on it.
He's always done the music and it's always been MIDI across the initial releases.
Also, he is actually a jerk.
I have heard a lot of that as well.
And again, I'm really trying to separate that from my criticisms.
But all I'm saying is that those types of decisions that they feel beholden to some
sort of traditionalism, when they've allowed Final Fantasy to progress for better, 14 or
worse, 15, I don't understand why they feel they must hold it down to a certain standard.
Have that version of the game coexist alongside a modern version.
There's a lot of things about Dragon Quest XI that are very classic that I like.
The fact that it is relatively still a turn-based battle game, that they don't try to do a lot
of fancy active time battle stuff where you have to pull the trigger at a certain time
or do these, you know, push the directions.
You can even walk around the battlefield, but you don't really have to.
It doesn't really do anything.
I don't mind that.
Like that sort of traditional JRPG in that sense, I think a lot of people miss those
actually.
So none of that bothers me.
And the traditional sense of that, that's what I really like about the game.
So anyway, even though I sound like I'm very negative because I can't shut up about the
soundtrack, I do really enjoy Dragon Quest XI.
I really like the story.
I like some of the voice acting and some of the character development that goes with it
is fine.
The voice acting can be a little bit over the top, but I like what they do with some
of the characters.
Really funny, witty things.
There's this thing involving haikus.
I don't want to spoil it, but I found it, I'm like, this must have been the biggest
pain in the ass for the localization team.
And I thought it was very clever.
So there's a lot to love about the Dragon Quest XI remake.
And if you have Game Pass, download it, check it out.
Just have your Spotify ready to go.
All right.
That's my gaming week.
Phew.
All right.
By the way, before we get into tonight's gaming news, I will point out, if you would like
to have, for those of you that are watching live on Twitch, you might notice I'm wearing
a lovely blue VOG shirt with Jamie's VOG logo on the corner there.
If you would like to get a shirt, you can check it out over at the VOG Network shop,
vognetwork.com slash shop.
And we just recently added Loki's OLR pixel design.
We got a new shirt that's kind of like a baseball shirt with that on it.
So I'm curious to see how that turns out because you just bought one of those, right,
Loki?
I did.
I did last week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So anyway, check that out.
Vognetwork.com slash shop.
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, you were kind of referring to this earlier, right?
Yes.
So of course, being that the Xbox One and even now the Xbox Series X and Series S had
a universal window, a UWP app.
So basically these different apps that you could download and run.
So it could be anything from applications like Twitch or even like web browsers and
other stuff like that.
You can download different things onto the system.
You may have also forgotten that starting with the Xbox One, you could also turn your
console into a development platform.
So there's a way to actually put it in dev mode and be able to download things to this
and also develop games on it.
Well, one of the things that you can download is RetroArch and RetroArch, of course, being
a emulator platform for lots of different consoles.
And at the very least in dev mode, you can actually emulate quite a few games in this.
In fact, it even emulates PlayStation 2 titles a little bit.
There's some bugs there because the kernel is still a bit early, but it does emulate
stuff really well on many of the other platforms.
They also even have a dedicated PlayStation Portable emulator as well outside of RetroArch
that you can put on there.
Can I get OLRPSP.com on it?
I don't think that website's actually up anymore.
It's long gone.
Sorry.
I don't think so.
If you go to OrangeLoungeRadio.com slash PSP, I think it's still there.
I never got rid of it.
Our site hasn't changed in like 20 years.
So I...
Yes, it is still there.
So yeah, if you want to see, it's still there.
So it's just not, it doesn't have its own dedicated domain anymore.
That's all.
Yeah.
I don't think it's, uh, it's necessarily, yeah, it hasn't been updated.
Well, it still has the feeds in there because it takes our...
Yeah, it probably still pulls the RSS.
So it probably in that aspect is still up to date.
It's still up to date.
Yeah.
So you can do all that.
Um, yeah, I don't think it has the links to the, uh, radio app anymore.
We used to have like, I think you can download and you can like get a theme and stuff too.
The theme you did was pretty cool.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah, so that does still exist, but yeah, unfortunately, yeah, you can't access
the site through there anymore, but you can play, uh, emulator games now granted in order
to do that, you have to switch between retail and dev mode in order to kind of jump between
the two.
There is a workaround to put it, uh, RetroArch in, um, the actual, uh, retail mode, but it's
a little trickier to do that.
You actually had to, there's a, a form that you filled out that I guess one of the developers
has and he basically whitelists your console for that download and you download it through
Edge on the console and you kind of bypass their storefront to get it on there, which
I'm certain is going to be patched out soon.
So, um, that's just how that works right now.
But the dev mode version doesn't necessarily, um, isn't blocked.
Still do that, um, right now, and I'm not sure I, there is a little bit of, you know,
I think you have to switch back and forth between retail and dev if you want to play
your games, like your actual retail games and stuff, but not everyone can just jump
into dev.
Right.
You have to have some sort of license to do that.
Right.
Cause that was my understanding.
Cause there's a lot of paid for license, but it's, I think it's pretty inexpensive though.
There's a lot of headlines about this story right now that, you know, for clickbait reasons
are making it sound like you can play PlayStation two games on your Xbox.
And the reality is it's not really that easy.
It just kind of sounds like, okay, the Xbox series X is basically, as we know, you know,
a type of PC it's a, it's an optimized PC for gaming, right?
It's that kind of thing.
Right.
Um, so it makes sense that certain things that were built to run on PCs like emulators
and yes, PlayStation two emulators exist on, on PC, you know what, PS three and four emulators
exist on PC as well.
Probably soon a PS five emulator just won't run very fast.
Um, somebody's probably already trying to develop one.
So all that stuff exists.
And I think it's just that, you know, by using this essentially what sounds like a sideloading
method is basically what it is, right?
You are able to run this emulator and then run the PlayStation games.
And I think people are kind of using this to take a cheap shot at Sony.
Well, I shouldn't say a cheap shot.
I think it's a worthy shot at Sony about how they drag their feet through the mud about
backwards compatibility when it comes to PlayStation, PlayStation two and PlayStation three, because
it does make an attention grabbing headline.
That's like, Hey, Xbox series X can play PlayStation two games, even though it's a lot more nuanced
than that headline.
That's my point is that it still needles Sony like, so what's your problem?
Exactly.
And the dev mode isn't necessarily so to, to get the dev mode, you have to pay a one
time $19 fee.
Um, so that's why, why are echoing some of this in chat?
Cause he's developed for, let's not forget some of his games were released on what used
to be like the XNA and the, the indie arcade and that, that stuff on the 360.
So if there's lots of guides online to, to be able to do that, um, you know, I haven't
necessarily mess with it enough yet to, um, check it out.
It would be nice.
It's kind of a nice added bonus, you know, having this console and stuff, being able
to play, um, other games on it.
I mean like, sure.
It's not like officially sanctioned by Microsoft or something, but it's still a pretty cool
thing to be able to do.
And like what other cool stuff could you do with this console?
I mean, I like that, but I get it.
That's if they shut it down, then they shut it down.
But right now it seems to be like, they're kind of not really addressing it yet, but
if it becomes a problem, maybe if like, you know, Sony or Nintendo complaints, I'm kind
of surprised somebody hasn't unleashed the beast with NES games and, and super new Tony
is, but at the same time, it does retro arch plays all that.
Okay.
So, so then, okay.
So then the headlines we're seeing about PlayStation two really is to needle Sony because they
they're leaving the NES stuff out of it.
Well, the PlayStation two let's play this way.
The reason why they're, they're highlighting the PlayStation two, because that's a hard
to emulate system.
It is, it requires that whole emotion engine, powerful, you know?
So it'll, it actually emulates GameCube very well.
So you could actually run you know, GameCube games on there.
You could run and you have zero GX or something like that, you know, lots of cool stuff.
So it, yeah, they're highlighting the PlayStation two because it starts, it can run some of
the games.
They're not perfect yet because that core is still very new, but that's the thing about
retro arch is unlike, you know, other emulators out there, this is kind of an all in one.
So you get different cores that emulate different systems.
And so it can do it all.
And each of those cores is kind of independently developed.
And so they're adding support for PlayStation two on there.
And I got you because I was going to say that, you know, when it comes to emulating something
like the NES or the Atari 2600, you could pull up a Microsoft edge browser and open
up a tab and run like a web browser based emulator.
That's going to be decent enough, decent enough where most people aren't going to be able
to tell the difference.
Right.
So maybe.
And so that does kind of lend itself to your point.
It's the fact that it's the PlayStation two, which is a lot harder to emulate than these
other things.
And the fact that it's happening on a Microsoft box, no matter the, you know, sideloading
dev mode and all that stuff aside when it's not like when Sony keeps resisting doing their
own native emulation on their own box, this is interesting.
So, yeah.
All right.
Well, I'd be curious to see if that's something you decide you're going to check out and get
into this week.
So what PlayStation two game are you looking forward to playing on Xbox?
None of them.
I'll be honest.
The PlayStation two, like if I was going to pick any of those, I mean, like mania 2d x
beat mania 2d x.
Oh yeah.
With the controller.
That'd be just perfect.
Couldn't I like map it somehow?
I don't know.
Yeah, maybe.
I mean, um, and I mean, I don't remember if those controllers I used to play, you could
play like five key with the controller.
You can play a DJ max as a controller game.
Yeah, you could do it.
Yeah.
Where are they?
Like, do they have like, um, weren't the PlayStation two, um, beat me a controller's USB or they,
um, place just the regular PlayStation two stuff.
They were regular PlayStation two.
If I recall correctly, you can probably get some type of USB device, but it would be like,
I'm going to say there's probably an adapter out there for it.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised at all if that was the case.
So yeah.
All right.
Um, and, uh, YYR says you don't want to play two DX on a game pad.
It's just not two DX anymore.
You know, I thought I would dislike DJ max for kind of reasons like that, but it's okay.
Like I don't mind DJ max.
So all right, well, let's move on to a story about destiny two.
And um, this kind of has to do with how these games are upgrading to the next generation.
Destiny two right now, uh, in the X-Box universe is not series X and S enhanced.
This is important because the game is available on game pass.
So if you have an X-Box series X or S you may have downloaded the game to just kind
of, I almost did until I saw this story and I was like, wait, hold on.
Um, and the long and the short of it is, is that there is a new version of destiny two
coming out for not just X-Box X and S, uh, this week on December the eighth, but it's
also coming for PlayStation five as well.
And here's the thing, if you downloaded the old version of the game, too bad, you're going
to have to download the new version of the game.
Now there's a lot of that that kind of makes sense, you know, cause you got to get new
assets and things of that nature, but it is this very interesting sort of like, Oh, we
kind of thought with, with X-Box, you just could kind of like play the old games and
they just kind of run with the new stuff.
And to some extent that does work.
Like again, I've been playing dragon quest 11, which it's very much like a PlayStation
four or last gen era game, but it's so smooth, like 60 frames a second smooth.
The loading time is, I can't believe I'm gonna say this, the loading time in dragon quest
11 is too fast.
It's too fast.
And the reason why I say that is what they did in the original version was they had tips
on the loading screen.
And while the area was loading, you could read the tips.
You don't have time to read the tips anymore.
You can kind of see it, but it's too damn fast on the X-Box.
So this is kind of, kind of interesting in that regard anyway.
So for destiny to the next gen update on December 8th, which is technically the version 3.0.1
update, you will have to download the game again on the X-Box series X or S and the PlayStation
five.
Why is this important?
Well, some of you might have bandwidth concerns, right?
I don't know how many of y'all got a new system last month and already almost hit your bandwidth
cap for the month.
So you might be rationing things out a little bit, which is why I'm glad I didn't get destiny
two yet.
This download will be about 70 gigs in the X-Box side of things, PlayStation side of
things will be about 67 gigs.
This is interesting because Bobby was kind of talking about on his show this week, the
weird PlayStation four and PlayStation five stuff coexisting.
And sometimes it doesn't make sense.
Like let's say you put in your disc for no man's sky because you want to play the PlayStation
five version of no man's sky.
And that's how it verifies that you own the game still is by the disc.
Well, guess what, when you put in the disc, it defaults to the PlayStation four version
of no man's sky.
So you have to switch it.
Why you would want to default to that version?
Maybe because the HDR bug's still there.
I don't know.
It still happens.
And apparently he was talking about, he downloaded worms, which is the, uh, whatever version
of it is the PlayStation plus game of the month right now.
And it downloads both the PlayStation four and the PlayStation five version.
I think it was, and he'll correct me in chat if I'm wrong.
I think it was, he had to download the PlayStation four version first, then get the PlayStation
five version.
And it was like, okay, well, are these art assets for no, it doesn't, it's not pulling
anything from the PlayStation four version.
And in my opinion, well thought out, no, it's horribly thought out, which I know you're
joking, but it's, it's borderline.
I don't want to be too dramatic, but it's borderline disrespectful in this area, in
this era, excuse me, of bandwidth caps, the destiny to thing, whatever we were warned,
we were cautioned.
They did say the next gen version is coming.
Okay.
So I'm letting that slide.
I'm just warning you, you know, wait until the eighth before you grab it.
But in the case of this worms thing, when we live in this era of bandwidth caps, it's
disrespectful for the systems to be doing this.
It's not respecting the bandwidth caps that we have.
This needs to be addressed immediately on Sony's end.
And if anything like this is happening on Microsoft's end, I don't think it is to that
same extent.
Like I know with no man's sky, it's not, it's you, you just, you, you get the Xbox X and
S version because that is the box you're playing it on.
Anyway, I want to go to our chat room and see if we have any feedback on this particular
story here.
Bobby says it downloaded the PlayStation 4 version first.
I canceled it.
It added both to my queue and prioritize the PlayStation 4 download.
Dejirama S says Sony has always had shitty servers and network management.
Fifth Dream says I'm used to like getting a drink or a handful of whatever I'm eating
during loading times for some games.
And now on PlayStation 5, I keep forgetting it's too fast to do that.
Guys, yet again, yet again, I'll remind you, companies store DLC on your drive, even if
you never purchase it.
That's still a thing.
And that is also bad.
So I'm not saying the Xbox universe is completely devoid of this stuff.
And we all know about the gigantic Call of Duty installs and things like that too.
And I get it that part of this is, you know, the transforming to the new generation and
all this stuff.
But I have to needle Sony on this a little bit.
Why the fuck is the PlayStation 4 version downloading to the PlayStation 5?
Why?
What is the benefit of that?
Now if maybe I want to play that version, fine.
Let somebody opt in.
Press X to download the old version of the game and run it.
Cool.
At least I opted into it.
Why are you bloating up my PlayStation 5 with an old version of the game I don't need?
It doesn't make sense.
So Sony needs to address this like now, in my opinion, because it's again in this era of
bandwidth caps with all of our Zoom meetings and working from home and all this other stuff
that takes up our bandwidth, to have bandwidth eaten up by games where it's not needed sucks.
And I think all companies, now I know I'm picking on Sony a little bit here because
I have the most egregious example right there, but I think all game companies should be looking
at is there a way to make our installs smaller?
For example, what Cyberpunk 2077 is coming soon, right?
Isn't that this week too?
The 10th?
Same day as the Game Awards?
I hear it has a day one patch of 60 gigs.
All right.
We all knew it was coming.
I'm sure there's things in it.
They pushed the game back for three weeks for a reason.
They probably had to fix some things fine, whatever.
Did it need to be 60 gigs?
And I think a lot of devs need to ask themselves this question.
We need to ask these questions of game devs.
Again, I'm willing to let Cyberpunk slide a little bit because it is a very big triple
A game and you would expect it's going to have a large footprint.
You kind of know a lot of this going into it, but something like Worms, I don't think
you expect that same type of, you know, extra four gig download of a PlayStation 4 version
you're literally never going to play.
So anyway.
Or they should be able to handle it like PC installs where you can do, you know, just
the express install where it installs everything.
Or like, say, for example, I don't know how they necessarily do localization, like say
if they had like recorded audio for other languages and stuff like that and say, I don't
want.
Yeah, I don't need the French audio soundtrack in this, you know, allow me to uncheck that
option to save some space or in Call of Duty.
I only, and they have this, I think, but like in Call of Duty, for example, like I only
want the campaign.
I don't want multiplayer or zombies, you know, I just want to download that section.
And I think they need to chop it up with that or that way in order to be able to address
these bandwidth gaps until we live in a perfect society that has no bandwidth gaps.
So Bobby in our chat is calling out Forza Horizon on the Microsoft side as one of the
games.
And y'all know we love some Forza Horizon, but he is calling it out as one of the games
that downloads extra data you don't need, saying Forza Horizon installs all the data
for all the cars and the DLC in managed game is just the unlock key.
If the DLC is only 10 megs in the managed data list, then it's just an unlock key and
not actually any data.
Now, and he goes on to clarify, and I think a lot of you guys are probably picking up
on this, the car data, that makes sense because if your friend has the DLC and you don't,
it's kind of like Mortal Kombat 11.
Again, you're going to have all the characters in the game, because if you go online and
play online, somebody else may be able to use a character that you don't have unlocked.
Fine.
So Forza Horizon has to do that for the cars, but do you need that entire Lego continent?
Do you need all the art assets for Lego and all that if you haven't bought it?
Well, yes, you make a good point, Loki, but you know what I'm asking here, right?
If I haven't bought it, why is that downloading?
Because I'm never going to be able to use it, right?
So I think these are the questions that we need to in turn.
So I want to be fair because I did, I kind of dragged Sony a little bit there.
There's one that Microsoft can do better on, fine.
And then Nintendo just honestly, you know, just needs to look at online in general.
We got a whole other list of things they can work on.
So there's things that they can be doing better there, especially in this era of bandwidth
caps.
So let's see, other comments here.
DJ Rama SS, part of the reason why Xbox game patches are huge is because sometimes the
game is already patched and it's bringing you the full game over again with the patched
content.
That, that isn't really a patch.
That's a re-download and it should be called such.
Anyway, so enough, I kind of went on a tangent from the original Destiny 2 story, but it's
an important thing to call out in this era of the new generation of consoles, especially
when on both fronts, they are really relying heavy on the library from the last generation
to be moving these consoles forward.
And these are some important questions to be asking on all sides.
All right, let's move on to some news.
I'm hoping we can all agree as a great thing, right Dark Sakura?
In theory.
Um, but they have cast a Solid Snake in the Metal Gear Solid film adaption.
Um, I'm sorry, adaptation, my, uh, my bad.
Um, but, uh, they've, uh, cast, um, Oscar Isaac to play him, which I can, I can kind
of see it.
You know, I, I, I think I always think of Snake as someone just a little bit more square
jaw.
Does that make sense?
Like I'm thinking like, you know, an eighties Kurt Russell, you know, but, but he'll do
good.
He'll do well.
It's funny you say that when arguably Solid Snake was based off of Kurt Russell and Escape
from New York.
So it's kind of funny you say that.
Yeah.
And I wasn't even thinking about it when I said it and then I was like, oh shit.
Yeah.
Um, you know, but, but that's sort of, you know, I, I, I, I'm going to wait for, you
know, to reserve my judgment.
He's a great actor.
Don't get me wrong.
I love Oscar Isaac.
I have, I have like Poe is the best part of those new star Wars movies.
I have two, I'm looking over here because I have two, uh, Disney infinity figures.
I have a Tron one and I have Cora and I have Poe.
That's it.
So I, I, I may have a crush on Oscar Isaac, so I'm more than happy with his news.
Well, um, I'm still going to reserve a little bit of judgment to see, um, you know, when
it's out.
And again, um, I'm so iffy about video game movies cause we've either had shit or we've
had pretty good, you know?
And so, um, I'm hoping that, I mean, cause Metal Gear Solid this year, uh, as a game
series anyway, each of the games are so cinematic in and of themselves, even the very first
one.
Um, that it would be very difficult for them to fuck it up because the, the influences
there, you know, scene blocking is there.
Um, I think it's going to be about how do they squeeze it down to two or two and a half
hours or a movie size, you know, even if they let it go three hours, which is pretty long
for a movie, Titanic size movie, I doubt it will be that long.
How are they doing the whole thing?
How are they going to do it?
I think it's going to be the shadow Moses, um, story.
Okay.
I mean, the climbing of the ladder is going to be like 30 minutes as it is.
Well, it's being written by Derek Connolly who wrote, uh, uh, the rise of Skywalker and
a Jurassic world, which I haven't seen Jurassic world, but I really liked the rise of Skywalker.
Um, and, uh, the, uh, director what Jurassic world's kind of, the first one, the first
one is good.
I have yet to see the second one.
I hear it kind of, but, uh, I have, uh, rise of Skywalker is all right.
No opinion.
I thought the rise of Skywalker was, uh, outstanding.
I loved all of them.
Um, very, very strong, uh, female oriented movies.
Um, but anyway, um, he, uh, we, we get, we get him as snake.
Someone better yell snake at some point.
Some comments from our chat over at twitch.tv slash a VOG network, DJ Rama S suggests regarding
Kurt Russell.
He could be old snake.
You know, I hate to say it, but he is a little older at this point.
He's playing Santa Claus in Netflix films.
So maybe that's a good idea.
Maybe an old, how would you feel about Caruso's old snake?
I think as big boss, you mean?
Yes.
I mean, depending on the story and how much they reveal.
Yes.
I mean, I wouldn't mind him being big boss, but they, the thing is, is that he and Isaac
look nothing alike.
So I don't really see it.
I mean, like their, their facial structure, like eye socket down to mouth shape.
It's different.
So there would be no family resemblance, you know, because, well, spoiler, he's a clone.
Um, you know, if you haven't played the game 50 years ago, Questbuster and chat says the
Santa Claus role is also Russell's last role.
He's retiring.
Well, you know what?
Rick Moran has said that too.
And then he showed up in that, um, cell phone commercial with Ryan Reynolds.
So anything's possible.
No way.
Rick Moran is retired.
Oh no, I know why he did, but, but I don't think that that's a fair comparison.
Okay.
Fine, fine, fine.
Um, but well, my point is never say never, you know, it's like wrestling retirement.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
So the undertaker finally did given, that's probably another plot.
Um, no, actually I think it's just, he, he, he's probably tore up.
So anyway, um, so now SGA does want to say about Oscar Isaac, uh, as shown her mat says
Oscar Isaac is a huge fan of the series.
Over a year ago, he asked in a press conference that he wants to play snake.
So at least we're getting somebody that kind of knows what they're getting into.
Um, so that's nice.
I'm not arguing about him at all.
It's just, you know, um, I really don't know this director.
The only thing I said that that's listed on here is Kong skull Island, which I'll be honest,
I don't even think I remember that movie existing.
So that was like the King Kong movie that came out after the, uh, Lord of the rings
director Peter Jackson's con movie, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause that's the one that's the new Toho university and the one that they have the new, the two
Godzilla movies and they're supposed to be the Godzilla and King Kong movie that's coming
out.
So that's kind of the prequel to those two or three.
I never see movies.
I mean, obviously it's 2020, so I can't see them in the theater anyway, but, uh, I was
already bad at movies.
I am way, I am way outside of the, uh, the whole kaiju movies these days.
I have a lot to catch up on, although I'll be honest.
Just recently I went back and watched probably one of my favorite of the Godzilla movies,
which was, uh, Godzilla versus mecha Ghidra because it had the dude with CD player in
his head.
I do say though, like I haven't watched it yet, but the last, uh, Godzilla movie that
they put out looked pretty amazing.
Like I think if you do have to go, if you do want to watch one of those new, new universe,
that last one that they put out looked absolutely incredible, but I, I still haven't watched
it yet.
So the chat is lighting up with some various commentary about the Kong skull Island and
how it fits into universal's monster verse, uh, which was kind of like their answer to
the Marvel cinematic universe.
And I do remember, cause last time I was at universal studios, which was a few years ago
at this point, they were already starting to like really promote like universal is the
home of these classic monsters.
And there's very certain ones that they're promoting that I think are in line with the
monster verse.
Cause wasn't that, um, I almost said Tim Curry reboot of the mummy.
I wish the there's, there's, there's the Godzilla King Kong stuff.
That's its own thing, but the classic, the classic do with the invisible man, the reboot
of the mummy that were not as great.
Um, so there's those that's, that's like, I forgot what they call it.
It's like something dark universe.
I can't remember what it was called, but like it's, that's its own thing that they do, but
my bad.
No, I think that the King Kong Godzilla stuff way better than all of that.
Um, the other stuff, God, terrible.
All right.
Well maybe the, um, uh, a solid snake movie, the metal gear movie will start off a Konami
cinematic universe, the KCU, and we'll get a DDR movie.
All right.
Maybe not.
Pachinko slots, the movie.
Let's move on.
Let's move on.
Loki.
What else do you have for us tonight?
Uh, so we have some new updates to our consoles coming out.
So Nintendo added some new features to the switch and then brand new firmware update.
Uh, so the ability to now be able to take your screenshots that you make on the console
and be able to transfer them to your phone or a PC.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, they use some sort of QR code system to be able to do that.
And um, or you can use a via or a USB cable to transfer to your PC.
So that's kind of, um, helpful.
And then, um, along with that, they also added some more super Mario 30th, fifth anniversary
profile icons, just to remind you that the game is going away at the end of March, allegedly.
So we'll see.
Um, and then of course on the Xbox side of things for the Xbox series, um, S and X and
the original Xbox one, they had a new console updates that added some new dynamic background
designs, including some that have, uh, kind of some older console looks to them.
And then they also did, um, they added some more optimized for X and S series of our badges,
which I think they have those already in the, uh, they did on games pass.
I guess now this is for your library as well, uh, which is helpful.
And I believe there's something also calling out HDR as well, um, which is nice.
And then a new family member account set up stuff.
And they're also going to have pre-installs for games that are coming soon on Xbox game
pass.
So if you want to, you know, preload those, you can, uh, for when those are coming out
and then, yeah.
So if you want to check it out, uh, it should be, I think coming out soon if it's not out
already.
Otherwise you can, uh, join the Xbox insider program to get access to those updates before
they hit the retail side.
I'm pretty sure it's out, um, on the Xbox side and then the, the Switch one is certainly
out and, uh, it is, it is so convoluted to get pictures.
I don't understand.
Like I, I understand.
And Bobby's explaining the tech side of it in the chat, um, saying the QR code gives
you the ability to connect to your Switch's wifi router.
The first one is the SSID for the wifi.
The second is the internal web server on the Switch to download the photos or videos.
And I'm just kind of like, wow.
For a company that really doesn't like to get their things hacked, they just blew open
the goddamn door to hackers, didn't they?
Here use this code to directly tap into your Switch's, like Loki, you know more about that
stuff than I do, but using this convoluted method, haven't they just like blown open
the door for hackers?
Probably not because it's probably just accessing a small portion of the, uh, storage on the,
the system itself.
They probably have it split up to it kind of like an FTP server where you may have access
to certain folders.
I'm guessing that's what they're doing.
Um, yeah.
Bobby says it's giving you access to a web server or webpage basically, but you know,
or they could just have it break it and download it with like, plug it into a PC or something
and just download it that way.
Why does they got to make it super complicated?
We have this Nintendo Switch app, why can't it just upload the pictures to the cloud or
something like that?
And I can download them through the Nintendo app that they have available already.
Basically the way that Microsoft's doing it, but that would be so 2020 and that's not Nintendo.
We got to work a couple of decades behind.
Look, I'm glad it's there.
It's going to make the sharing of the photos a lot easier.
You know, all the animal crossing, you know, uh, shit posting that we all love to do.
Um, but I, it just, it just feels so convoluted to scan two QR codes, but whatever, whatever.
All right.
Now Bobby does say you can also drag and drop to your PC via a USB cable on the Switch.
They added that method too.
Well that, that's a little more, you know, makes sense, but again, what else are they
going to be able to do once you hook up your Switch via USB cable?
I mean, yes, I know it's just a web server, but I don't know.
I just, I just feel like these stories inevitably lead to, they got PlayStation two games running
on the Switch, you know, it's just saying, all right.
I'd never be able to run PlayStation two.
That's true.
That's true.
All right.
Shows you how much I know.
All right.
Let's move on to, uh, speaking of like, like doing things on the older consoles, this kind
of came out of nowhere, uh, and it has to do with the classic RPG series Ys, not Ys,
although that's what it looks like when you read the name, but Ys by Nihon, Ys, Ys, Ys,
I said Ys, Ys.
Okay.
So that game, uh, by Nihon Falcom is, uh, doing something a little different.
They're going to be porting the first and second game in the series.
So Ys one and two are going to be ported to the sharp X 68,000.
Now dark, Sakurai probably talked about that machine on this show years ago in one of her,
uh, did it for a classic console.
Yeah.
But I mean, all of our listeners may not have been here when that happened.
So it's, uh, you know, a, a console that was only out in Japan in the eighties.
You could think of the console.
It was the computer.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
It was a home computer.
You're right.
When I was in train, I equate it to something like Commodore 64, TI 99 4a, um, Apple 2e.
Those were kind of like the computers.
Hell no.
Well, but those, but those were the computers we had in the eighties.
So this is kind of like what Japan had.
Yeah.
And it, it kind of blew the stuff that we had out of the water as far as what it could
do for gaming.
Yes.
Um, I mean, there was also, uh, the FM towns, which also was, I'd say pretty, pretty good
for, for gaming as well, but the sharp X 68,000 was the machine that pretty much ran arcade
perfect versions of so many games.
And it's now kind of like this one Holy grail for collectors that, um, you know, if you
can find a system that works and get the, you know, the, the games for it still, you
know, still intact, you know, no discreet errors.
Um, and on top of that, you know, you could switch like your music synthesizer for different
games.
You know, sound options, but the, the X 60,000 was like the shit is still kind of the shit.
Some of the best versions of games are on that system.
Well, and it's interesting now that here we are in 2020 or should I say 2021 when this
actually comes out March 9th, 2021 that we have East one and two are going to be released
for that console or sorry, I have it on this show, but that computer, uh, that came out
in 1987 and it's going to come on 3.5 inch floppy disks like they should for that year.
Uh, and you know, there's going to be a smooth in game scrolling.
You don't have to swap in floppies to save your progress, but it's, it's a DMA and now
we hear about D makes a lot on this show, like, you know, halo 2,600, you know, the,
the way I can play halo efficiently, you know, those types of things.
We hear that, but those are almost always fan projects.
The fact that this is like, uh, this is being done by Nihon Falcom.
That's what makes this different, uh, and kind of interesting.
Um, so anyhow, we do, I do want to clarify.
There was a version of East one that came out in 1991, but they redid like with three
pre-rendered, uh, 3d bosses.
This is going to be the first time the East two has ever come out on the platform.
Uh, and I think it's a, I think it's a different version of East one, but don't quote me on
that.
Do you want to get both?
Just to say, um, one of the other things is a good number of games that I've done for
classic game of the week, had some of their first home releases on the strip X, 68,000,
uh, Galaga, 88, Emerald dragon, um, uh, uh, it even had like tons of fighting games.
So a lot of the SNK and Capcom just saying, Oh, well it's, it's, but it's, do you, um,
Why, you know, no, I, I, that all makes sense, but, but why D make for this platform for
$84?
It still has such a big, big fan following and the people who have their, their, uh,
their computers, they will play it regularly because again, these are some of the best
versions of some of these games.
Um, it actually doesn't really surprise me if there's a big enough audience for it.
They do a limited release at a high price point, even people are going to pay for it.
I mean, some of those Dreamcast ones were still going true.
We see that limited still doing Genesis games.
And I feel like we have some story about what limited run games is doing like at least once
a month on this show.
So if not more often than that, we had one last week about that, um, the Ninja game on
NES that was recently put in the, um, uh, no, uh, revenge of the Ninja was the Gameboy
one.
It was a shadow.
Now somebody, somebody, somebody in chattel shouted out, um, I think we own like two physical
copies of that game.
Well, there you go.
Well, if you want to get a third limited run games is doing it, but anyway, actually, and
I do want to say this is not, this is not through limited run games because I don't
think limited run does Japan centric things.
So this is a shadow of the Ninja.
Thank you.
Dark Tetsuya.
Um, so yeah, this is something that Nihon Falcom is doing directly.
If it sells out, sells, it's going to be interesting to see what else comes from this
in my opinion.
So, uh, it could be, it could be, what's old is new again.
Right.
So, all right.
Let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, um, another going on actually a little bit outside of the, I guess the more fun aspects
of games and, um, especially since, you know, what we've been hearing in, you know, quote,
real life has been economy, this, and you know, money, that, and what we're going to
do.
Um, so, uh, I, um, I thought it was pretty interesting to find that video games, um,
by recent reports, um, state that the video game industry in and of itself in 2019 generated
90.3 billion in economic output and supported, um, uh, close to, uh, 429,000 jobs, um, with,
uh, about a third of that who are actually employed in the industry.
Um, and they're really generating a lot of, you know, uh, uh, tax money for, uh, you know,
for, uh, their various states.
Um, overall, um, California of course has the largest, uh, total economic output and
employment with a $51.8 billion and a 218 90, wait, 218,090, uh, jobs.
So you think about this, you know, when we were growing, growing up, you know, people
say, oh, I want to do this in video games, you know, and they're like, oh, you can't
make money in that, uh, excuse you, look at this, you know, you, you can, and people are
making money in this deal.
Or you have to live in Japan to do that.
Yeah.
Um, oh, but I mean, but, but think about it that way.
You know, this, it is now a very, uh, lucrative industry and a very competitive industry on
top of that.
And, um, of course, uh, uh, women in the gaming industry are still having a very difficult,
uh, you know, ceiling to, I wouldn't say it's like glass, I'm thinking more like the transparent
aluminum from, uh, was it, was it Star Trek three, Star Trek four, I think it was Star
Trek four, the one with the whales.
Anyway.
Um, okay, cool.
Um, but at any rate, you know, uh, it's, uh, it's really, and I think that now with, um,
you know, COVID business going on, I truly believe that it's only going to be a bigger
contributor.
I'm really looking at, I mean, and me who is not like the most, let's follow the stonks
and the economies and all that.
I am super interested to see what next year's fiscal reporting looks like.
Oh, sorry.
I will technically this year's fiscal reporting, which I think is like, what in April.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it makes sense that, you know, throughout this pandemic when we're really
being encouraged to stay at home, you know, as an aside, I think, you know, cause this
show is broadcast around the world and, and a lot of you in the States, you know, see
this, and you've probably seen a lot in the news about how California is going to go back
on the, the super lockdown or whatever.
But what's interesting is that when I see those stories, I'm like, that's what I've
been doing ever since March, like nothing, like it's so like people read those stories
and go, Oh my gosh.
And I look at it and go, nothing's changing.
Well, but going into another thing on this though, well, but keep in mind, Rob, people
like you and me, we are in the minority, especially as you said, there were people protesting
the lockdown by being super spreaders, especially, especially North of here and in the central
Valley.
And what was the first place to go on lockdown and who's next?
Well, technically the most, the most populated area of the state also is on the super lockdown,
but who was right after him, the central Valley, who's going to be next?
The North state.
Yeah.
Um, but going, going back to another thing though, is, and I was reading another article
today, I think it was by Forbes or business insider, one of the two that whatever happens
with, um, you know, with vaccines and, you know, going back to the former normal, um,
the way people work has been irrevocably changed.
They've proven that you can do, um, uh, that telecommuting is not just, uh, a valid means
of work, but people are in a lot of cases, more productive by doing so.
My, my work will have a permanent change involving telework due to this whole thing.
I'm hoping that that mine does, but they're not expecting us to go eat remotely back into
the office until maybe late next year, which I'm fine with that.
Yeah.
And I'm not saying a hundred percent.
I'm saying it's a change.
It's going to be a change.
It's going to be more open than they were ever talking about before.
Well, so, but the other thing too, is that it's also changed things for like the medical
field.
Um, how many of us have had, um, our doctor's visits now on video?
Yeah.
You know, um, I mean, just, just saying in general, it's really changed the way a lot
of business operates for the better, I think.
Um, and if you look at it this way, it's even, I think helping environmentally by hopefully
lowering, you know, physical commute time and operating costs of large, uh, large commercial
buildings, for example.
And so with video games, I'm not sure how many, um, designers, um, well, I mean, sure,
I'm pretty sure a designer with a good enough, uh, system at home would be able to, to do
a lot of their work from a, a, a home studio.
Um, a lot of, a lot are doing it now, just really boosting up their, their home studios
that way.
And I'm sure that anyone doing any of the more clerical end of this, um, or writing
end of this, they're going to be able to do it.
So I'm seeing entire studios keep being as productive as they are, but doing it from
the safety of their homes.
Yeah.
I think there's, it's good.
You know, that we talk about like the new normal and I don't think the new normal is
necessarily a bunch of scary things.
I think, um, there's a lot of like, really good.
And I think those of us that are tech inclined, and I think if you listen to the show and
you are a hardcore or even casual core fan of video games, you are somewhat tech inclined.
And I think there's a lot about that new normal.
That's going to be very friendly to us.
You know, I think like, like web conferencing and these types of things, we were doing this
for a long time and back to the original story that, that brought us to this video games
being a major part of the economy and a major outlet for release and a thing that we do
to bond with other people.
You know, we all knew this and I think a lot of people in our generation knew this, but
I think even more, especially people older than us have come to things like Jackbox games.
Great example, right?
I know heck of people that maybe played the occasional phone game, but didn't really play
a lot of video games, um, that like, were like, Oh, I love Jackbox games.
Let's, let's have a Jackbox night or get together and do that.
You know, that's, that's now money in the video game economy that wasn't there before,
you know?
So I think, I think, uh, and especially people that are developing things like this, um,
and among us, can I just go on a quick tangent?
Let's talk about among us.
Let's do that.
Let's talk about among us.
I saw an interesting thing on Twitter about how some people really don't want to play
among us or our little resistance to that game, because they don't like the element
of lying to their friends and getting accused of lying.
And I'm, I'm completely sensitive to that.
And I get that it's interesting because I haven't played a lot of among us yet.
I totally play these survivor games online where I lie and do all this crap that I would
never do in real life.
But I also understand that really isn't for everybody.
And I get that.
But I, the reason why I bring up among us and, and it's, even though those critiques
are kind of there, like why has that game skyrocketed the way that it has this year?
Like that game is a very brilliant example about how I think the, the needs and wants
of the gaming community and the types of games that ended up being successful has kind of
changed because of the pandemic, you know, among us came out in like 2018 and everybody
suddenly asking themselves, well, why now?
Why is that game coming out now?
Because in a way y'all, among us is like that really short condensed versions of Dungeons
and Dragons.
Bear with me, D&D fans, I don't mean to sacrilege here, but it's a way of telling a story with
your friends in this virtual setting and getting to do what is kind of inherently a social
thing.
I don't know.
Jamie, you got to have some thoughts on this whole like among us and how the pandemic has
allowed that game to be so successful.
I think I've already had that same discussion with Animal Crossing.
Oh, okay.
Fair.
Fair.
It's a little thing to lose yourself in it's, you know, you can be social in it.
I mean, it's more for the people who have like the social need, it is a way to get together
with your friends and play a game without getting together with your friends.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, yes, but those survivor games are against people you probably
never met.
Half true.
For the most part, yes.
I don't want to just like be contrary into your statement.
But there were like a couple people in that game that like I knew about, or I kind of
knew them through somebody else.
But also, like through that process, yes, there was lying and I did a lot of it to win
the game.
But there are people in that game that like I will talk to, like if certain people that
were in that game and they who know who they are, if they ever needed anything from me,
I would drop a lot.
Like I made some really good lifelong friends out of that process, honestly.
So yeah.
Anyway.
Okay, let's move on.
Sorry, we got a lot of tangents and it's my fault.
But we have a direct to get to very soon and our classic pinball table of the month.
But first, we're going to get to this next story, Loki.
All right.
So we've got some interesting changes at Sony.
So apparently, the creator of Silent Hill and Gravity Rush, Kichiro Toyama, has actually
left Sony and formed his own studio.
So that's pretty awesome.
It seems to be kind of the trend, you know, a lot of these big names, you know, coming
out and forming their own studio.
So he has a new outfit called Bokeh Game Studios.
And yeah, so basically, along with that, he's also got Kazunobu Sato, who designed Puppeteer,
if you remember that game on PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
And then also was the producer of The Last Guardian.
And then Junya Okura, who was a designer on Gravity Rush.
So pretty nice pedigree there.
Be curious to see what they're working on.
Yeah, that's interesting.
Some big, big departures there.
And it certainly kind of gives a swift kick in the butt to all these Silent Hill reboot
at Sony rumors that go around every couple months.
But well, they have some sketches that's in their little video talking about their new
chapter or whatever.
And it is certainly horror looking.
So maybe we'll see.
I mean, so yeah, it's the other game.
They also worked on Siren as well.
So that's that's pretty interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I guess we'll wait and see.
Perhaps we'll hear something about that at the Game Awards.
Perhaps.
I was thinking.
Yeah.
So we'll wait and see.
All right.
Well, all right.
So talking about departures, I know Dark Soccer is really thrilled to talk about this.
There are some big departures that happen at BioWare this week and in advance of New
Dragon Age news at the Game Awards, Casey Hudson, who at one time was the creative director
behind the Mass Effect series, but at one point recently became the general.
He left once and then came back as the general manager of BioWare.
And now he's leaving again and saying, I'm incredibly fortunate to have had a career
where I've been able to work with brilliantly talented people, create entire worlds from
our imaginations and see them being enjoyed by millions of people around the world.
And now, after nearly 20 years of work at BioWare, I've made the decision to retire
from the studio and make way for the next generation of studio leaders.
Interesting.
He's retiring from the studio, but he didn't say he was retiring from the game industry.
Just something I just something I observe.
That's all I'm just making observations.
But the interesting thing is that would have been news in itself if he'd left.
Because the same day that news came out, Dragon Age executive producer Mark Darrah
also left, saying, though I remain confident in BioWare's strength and continued place
in this conversation, I have decided to retire from my position at BioWare.
Again, I can't help but note, not the game industry, but BioWare.
Anyway, obviously nothing is going to change with development on the new Dragon Age and
the Mass Effect remaster games, whatever the hell is going on with Anthem.
Laura Miles, I hope I'm saying her name right, sorry, who is the chief studio officer at
Electronic Arts kind of put out her own statement alongside this, pretty much reassuring fans
that things are going to be just fine.
And it is interesting to note that Christian Daley, who used to be with Blizzard Entertainment,
is taking over for the Dragon Age 4 end of things.
And Mike Gamble will be taking over on the Mass Effect remaster, which I would imagine
is pretty close to completion at this point.
So we'll see what happens with the future of the Mass Effect franchise.
So I don't know.
The fact that they're both happening the same day is a little weird to me.
And I don't know if anything's wrong with BioWare.
I feel like this smells like an EA thing.
I don't know.
Could it maybe just be a coincidence?
I don't know.
Darrah?
I'm sure we'll get an article down the road telling us about some shenanigans going on
behind the scenes.
Well, the shenanigans I want to hear is that those two formed a new studio, or this would
be a gag.
They joined that studio that the Blizzard folks made, which I...
What was the name of it?
It had a very tongue in cheek name.
Somebody will remember it in chat, but the Blizzard...
Very cold weather.
No, the Blizzard, it's like ice something.
The Blizzard folks made a new studio and I don't know why.
Maybe it's just because there's that Blizzard tie in towards the end there, but I don't
know why I feel like that would be such a gag.
DarkSakura, you are the resident...
Oh, thank you.
Frost King Games.
Thank you.
Frost Giant.
Frost Giant game.
Thank you.
I knew there was a play there.
DarkSakura, you are the resident BioWare fangirl of many sorts.
Your thoughts?
Cool.
I knew there were shenanigans going on.
I don't want to speculate.
I just want to see what happens.
Show me the product.
That's how I've been for just about everything these days.
Okay, people have done this stuff.
People leave companies all the time.
They're just not as high profile, right?
Let's see what they're going to do with it.
High profile folks leave too.
I mean, Blizzard, Mike Morhaime, that's a pretty big deal.
Some have noted that Blizzard's quality has dipped a little bit, but that's another story
for another day, I suppose.
So yeah, interesting.
For me, I want to see what happens, not guess about what's going on.
There have been way too many times that people have speculated stuff and been wrong, and
I don't want to be wrong.
I want to be pleased.
Sometimes it's fun to be wrong, but only sometimes.
All right.
From what planet?
I'm never wrong.
That's why I don't speculate.
So I can be right all the time.
And let's go to another category that you are certainly an expert on, and that is classic
games as we get to the classic game of the week.
But of course, as you know, once a month here on this show in a 2020 twist, we go into the
archives and choose a pinball game to talk about.
So it's time for the classic pinball table of the month, our last one for 2020.
Did we determine a 2021 theme?
I thought we had.
I don't think I did.
I don't know.
I might think of one.
All right.
So 2021 twist to be determined unless someone in chat, I'll do, I'll do non classic game
of the month.
All right.
But we still have one more pinball table to get us through the year.
So dark soccer, what is December's classic pinball table of the month?
I picked a table that is sort of a transitional table, the kind of the end of its particular
era and another John Papadook table, because, you know, I love my John Papadook tables.
So Circus Voltaire, it came out in 1997, done by John Papadook and released by Williams
under their ballet label.
And it has the player, the sort of theme of it is doing different quote marvels to join
the circus.
And it has a few very distinctive things going on with it.
One of its features has a neon light that runs along the right hand ramp and a pop bumper
that rises up in the middle of the play field and a magnet at the top left ramp that can
catch the balls and divert them into locks.
They're a ball catcher.
And the biggest feature is the ringmaster, which is a head that rises up to taunt the
player.
And I must apologize.
I tried to find the a digital table so we could get better sound on it.
And I found sort of like a how to play.
So and for anyone who is watching the video while we are live, you might notice that the
DMD is interesting, that it's an interesting place.
So only two tables had their DMD is in such a place like this.
The other one was Capcom's flipper football.
You know, Capcom had a kind of a limited run doing pinballs, but the the two of them have
their DMD not on the top marquee, but sunken into the play field.
It's on the back box in the right, the right back box into the cabinet.
So the point of that, as I say, was to not distract the player from gameplay by looking
up for their modes and their shots and to see what was going on.
And it also does have a little bit more interactivity, like animation that shows a cannonball fired.
It has different things that are a little bit more integration.
Why I say that this was a bit of a transitional game is that the sunken DMD could be considered
a precursor to the pinball 2000 series, where the display was a holographic projection on
top of the table.
Games like Revenge from Mars and Episode One Racing, Episode One Master, whatever, Star
Wars Episode One.
And this this was I mean, I'll be honest, it's a little bit actually more distracting
me to have it on the back box.
I have played the Circus Voltaire a couple of times, kind of an interesting one to find.
But yeah, as you were watching the the wizard mode going on right now, right?
Yeah, it's a really neat table.
The ramps in this are actually pretty, pretty insane, I would think.
I really, I really think that the layout of this was really good.
Again, I love Papa Duke's design and pinball.
So as far as the modes, you have nine quote marvels that you have to complete until you
are invited to join the circus and that circus with a Q, C-I-R-Q-U-S.
They are in a three by three square grid with the row and column corresponding to C-I-R-Q-U-S.
And when you fill the grid, then you get the join the circus wizard mode.
So you have juggler and then you can start a juggler multiball with that sideshow random
award ringmaster frenzy where you defeat the ringmaster twice to start frenzy multiball
menagerie where you hit some targets on the left to do a large plastic captive ball defeated
all ringmasters where you can do special multiball.
There's high wire multiball where you hit the light lock targets on either side of the
left ramp and then shoot the ramp three times to lock the balls and start high wire multiball.
Spin is the spinner.
Boom is you spell out volt and then once the letters are collected, the third pop bumper
pops up and you get that after the timer runs out, you get your marble after the timer runs
out and every hit on that bumper counts towards lighting an extra ball.
And then you have acrobats where you shoot the right ramp or orbit four times.
So you also have the character, the ringmaster that lives under the play field.
It's a flat circular platform attached to the top of his head.
And he sits directly in front of the W-O-W targets in the upper right hand corner and
has a hidden magnet.
So once the targets have been hit a total of three times, the magnet catches and holds
the ball as the ringmaster will rise to taunt the player.
And then the ball is shot off in a random direction.
You will have a very brief ball saver if it does go out of play.
And basically after after it's stood up, you would have to hit it five times and it will
further expose.
He's going to expose himself a hole where you can shoot a ball into his hole.
Yeah.
Like I said before, there are the various multiball modes in order.
We have ringmaster frenzy, ringmaster Raz, ringmaster special.
And the ringmaster battle, which you get if you have defeated all the ringmasters.
So those are your big, big four ringmaster multiballs.
The other ones, like I said, are high wire juggler neon, which is one of the sideshow
random awards for three balls strike and arc multiball, which is a two ball multi.
The ringmaster ones are all two ball as well.
High wire juggler neon are all three.
And then, of course, when you get after all nine, then you have your your join the circus
wizard mode where you have to spell circus unmaskable tear, meet the circus, and then
you have party multiball and join the circus ends when either all of them drain in any
of the first three phases or when the three balls drain in the fourth arc of it.
The circus will tear for anyone who who likes to play the virtual versions.
It was formally available in pinball arcade until June 30th, twenty eighteen.
Williams Midway license did expire.
Then it was licensed to Zen Studios, who had that in pinball effects three and as an unlockable
in Williams pinball mobile for iOS and Android.
There were unlicensed versions for visual pinball for four windows.
But yeah, I really enjoy this one.
I mean, I've pretty much have never played a Papa Duke designed table that I don't like.
The only thing that freaks me out is that, you know, I'm just like this person that like
if a game has like a head on it, it kind of freaks me out.
Like maybe this one wasn't as bad as like, say, fun house fun house freaks me the fuck
out.
It's just it's that Rudy had, you know, but it's a it's a really enjoyable table with
with an awesome theme, quite a bit of challenge to it.
And I'll be honest, the last time I played a circus Voltaire, I think was in Las Vegas
at the pinball museum when I went with Tara.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So there you go.
The classic pinball of the of the month of December last one for this year is Circus
Voltaire.
All right.
Awesome choice.
I think I remember seeing this one when I went to that same museum in Vegas, which hopefully
I'll be able to visit again at some point.
So all right.
So great choice for I like how you kind of pick something that kind of transition to
a new era of pinball.
That's a good kind of note to go out on for the classic pinballs.
I will point out that the chat has a lot of lovely ideas for twenty twenty one, although
ultimately it's up to you.
Some of the ideas.
Yeah.
Some of the ideas that are getting thrown out there.
Indie game of the month.
Classic remake of the week.
A couple of people were suggesting crappy game.
In my opinion, you've already kind of been doing crappy like you did Miss Nude World
ninety six is a classic game once like crappy games are sometimes classic because they're
crappy.
Yeah.
And the thing is, is it usually when I pick a crappy game, there's like a notability to
it, like either in pop culture or that it led to something, you know, or it's like a
cult classic.
Yeah.
Wasn't that like we did that for like one of the it was it one of the numbered episodes
like a six.
It was like a six.
It was like six hundred or five hundred or one of the yeah.
It was a anniversary.
I was one of those.
So yeah.
And as pointed out, it was an in-joke from the show.
It sure was.
Some ideas of my own that weren't said, I'll just throw out there for your consideration.
I was thinking classic collectible like you've done peripheral.
But then I was thinking of like some of those like crazy things in the vault, like that
game that had the dish.
I don't know.
It's a classic.
Yeah.
Maybe maybe I'll do that.
The classic dish of the week.
Classic.
I'll do classic recipe.
Classic pie of the month.
Another idea I had since I know you're all about like books and things actually to now
one just popped in my head.
I think instruction manual or box art might be a good one where you talk about and I know
that might not be great for a podcast, but I think it might be a cool thing to acknowledge,
you know, especially because I know you got a design background, so it might be a fun
thing to talk about.
But I was thinking when I originally thought a book, I was thinking we have all these magazines
that have gone by the wayside, you know, and like other like, you know, printed books that
we might remember.
I don't know.
Like the strategy guide that everybody got for Final Fantasy with Nintendo Power, you
know, things like that.
And I think about it.
What was the other one?
I had one other one that I thought of.
And now I can't remember.
Oh, well.
But you have a lot to think about for 2021.
OK.
Yeah.
And Bobby did rightly point out that I did Halo as a classic game, but bear in mind,
I did it for money.
Yes, that is right.
That is right.
I did it.
I put a bounty of five hundred dollars to pay my mother's bills.
And I did Halo because of the generosity of our Orange Lounge listeners.
Yes, Bobby, you totally paid for that.
And my mother thanks you.
It kept her in her house and fed for a month.
So thank you very much for your kindness to my mom.
I like how YYRS going meta here saying a classic OLR clip of the month.
We don't have 12 classic moments.
Like I remember any shit we've done.
I don't remember.
Do you remember?
I don't remember.
Dartits is going to take over the segment because he knows more about this show than
I do.
I remember laying in your bed, Rob, at the apartment eating Loki's waffles.
No, you know who knows more about this show than me, you and Loki combined, Misty.
Misty knows more about this show than any of us.
Like I think I think the only way you're going to get if the only way you're getting that
segment is if Misty volunteers to do it.
Maybe I'll do classic OLR listener of the month.
Oh, that'd be cute.
I like that.
Yeah, I mean, but I don't want to leave anybody out.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe you could do people that aren't really here anymore.
Like that sounds really morbid, you know, like puppy, right?
Like he's got like a kid and they're all into Star Wars.
The 23rd, Drew and his joke book and their DDR angels streaming now under oh, God, I
forgot.
Like tech angel.
It's tech angel.
Thank you.
I was almost a complete jerk.
So anyway.
All right.
Look, we got to move on.
So.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, Dark Sakura will stew on this question and we'll let you know soon.
I'll tell you what for find me on my Twitter at Dark Sakura and, you know, start a thread.
Leave me some ideas.
Shit.
I'll take a look at it because I don't know what to do.
All right.
Well, speaking of iconic listeners of OLR's past and present and future, YYR, our friend
out there on the East Coast, you know, we have these things that are on the Orange Lounge
Radio Wiki that are the Orange Lounge Radio Dream Games.
So just we haven't had one in a while.
I think some things we've kind of just mentioned off the cusp, but especially in some of the
earlier days of the of the podcast format of the show and so forth, we've we've kind
of thrown out these ideas like that should be a game that needs to be a game.
And so a few of these ideas have gone out there.
And YYR has put together some of these games as a reality.
Like he actually asked, can I make these games a reality?
And the first one he ever did was Bungee Ferret Tossing.
And that was a game that was available on the Xbox 360 indie arcade.
And YYR, a little more recently in the era of the PlayStation Vita, did a game called
Pixel Shits, but he had to rename it Pixel Poops.
But the dream game was technically Pixel Shits.
And this is something that Dark Sakura just verbally pooped here on the show.
Sometimes, but well, but look at you, it became a game and everybody listens to the show knows
about it.
So.
And you have your very own direct for your game.
Yes, so that's what we're getting to.
We're going to get to YYR's official Pixel Poops direct.
And now I've been a very good boy and scouts honor.
I have no idea what he's going to talk about here.
Well, I assume it's Pixel Poops.
I don't know if he has any other surprises or what's happening, but we're going to play
it.
So I'm going to let you guys.
So Dark Sakura and Loki, in order for you guys to see it, you're going to need to bring
up the feed and watch it on your side.
So if you guys can mute yourselves and do that so you can see it.
And we will.
Hold on.
Yeah.
I just realized I've inspired YYR to take a big shit on a video game.
Yes, you have.
Yes, you have.
Thanks, dude.
All right.
So you may mute yourselves, guys, and make your way to the Twitch page so you can see
this.
And I'm actually gonna be watching this for the first time, too, but I am going to go
on mute.
I will say for the podcast listeners, this is about an eight and a half minute video.
I'm assuming there is going to be gameplay footage of some kind.
It may not translate very well to a podcast.
I don't know how YYR did this.
I don't know because I haven't really seen the video.
So if you need to, this segment is about eight and a half minutes.
And if you want to see the video, I'm almost certain YYR will put it up on his Twitter
at YYR underscore, as well as his website, which is YYR games dot com.
Okay.
And he says there's voiceover the whole time.
So good.
He thought of you podcasties and you won't get bored.
So if you want to see the video side of it, it will be up on those sites.
Absolutely.
So it's podcast friendly.
All right.
Then without further ado, let's get to it.
The Pixel Poops Direct from YYR Games.
Welcome to Pixel Poops Direct.
I'm Aaron Teplitski, creator of Pixel Poops.
Let's not mince words here.
As you know, 2020 has been the year of shit.
Possibly the shittiest year so far in many of our lifetimes.
The good news is it's almost over.
The bad news is there's one more piece of shit in store for you.
Pixel Poops is coming to Steam.
That's right.
This Atari 2600 inspired pile of shit from 2015 is coming back.
Once again, you'll play as an angry human with the highest metabolism imaginable on
a mission to exact vengeance on happy, motivated joggers.
Why?
Because you can.
And you're doing it the only way you know how.
Small shits will only slow the joggers down, but keep shitting and you'll produce huge
piles of shit.
These will stop joggers in their tracks.
And you'll score a point.
And if you manage to combo multiple joggers in a single pile of shit, you get a bonus.
Can't shit anymore?
No problem.
Just head back over to this taco restaurant and eat up.
But don't let too many of the joggers get away, or it's game over.
So what was the point of bringing this shit back?
Well, actually, the Steam version has a lot of new shit.
First off, there are three entirely new ways to play.
Game two is remix, which switches things up in new ways.
Some joggers will now be able to switch direction.
You'll also have to look out for this guy.
He's a tax collector.
His name?
Feces.
And if he touches you, you'll be fine 10 points.
But if you can trap him in a nice warm pile, you'll get double points.
Finally, say hello to your ultimate weapon, the poop bomb.
Just hold the button down and...
This will totally empty your chamber though, so you'll need to hurry and eat some tacos
to keep going.
And you'll have to score some points before you can use the poop bomb again.
Game three is alternate, which allows you to get creative with your shit.
Players who reach your small or medium shits will turn 90 degrees to the right.
This will allow you to corral them around, hopefully into a nice big steaming pile.
Your shits will slowly degrade, but don't worry, you've got more.
Last but not least, game four is simple.
Many Atari 2600 games have included a mode with simpler gameplay suitable for young children.
Poodle Poops now follows in those footsteps so you can share it with your kids.
Stuck in poop.
Yeah, they went stuck in poop!
Isn't that funny?
Yeah.
More.
Joggers are limited to horizontal movement, jumbo shits are easier to make, and trap joggers
disappear more quickly.
However, this also makes it harder to get combo bonuses, so a challenge still awaits.
All four of these games can be enjoyed on normal or hard difficulty levels.
And you can also try all of them in time attack mode.
In this mode, you'll want to score 200 points as quickly as possible, so combo bonuses are
key.
There are no penalties for joggers escaping in this mode, so you can also play at whatever
pace you like.
The game ends when you reach the target score or quit.
All told, there are four games, two difficulties, and two modes, adding up to 16 different ways
to play, and every one of those will have a Steam leaderboard.
There will be achievements to unlock, too.
So maybe you're wondering, how much do I need to pay for this shit?
Well, Pixel Poops will be free to play!
But of course we're gonna do the shitty thing and try to fleece you for money once you try
it.
So only game one is free.
You'll be able to try out the other games briefly, but to complete a full round, you'll
need to fork over two dollars.
Yep, two dollars.
Everything mentioned here is yours for two dollars.
But here's the thing.
I want to really monetize this shit.
So there's other shit for sale, too.
Do you like the sound effects?
Like and especially.
Do you perhaps want to use them in your own projects, in your podcasts, or in your own
games?
Well, for another two dollars, you can have them and do whatever you like with them.
Royalty free.
Or maybe you're looking for more shit to play and pay for.
Well, I've got you covered there.
I would like to proudly introduce Pixel Poops 64.
Wait, what?
Were you expecting 3D?
Oh, oh, you meant that other 64.
I was talking about the Commodore 64!
This entirely new take on Pixel Poops plays a bit differently.
For one thing, there's no restaurant.
Instead, you eat food off the ground, like any other self-respecting video game character.
There are some other differences as well, mostly due to hardware limitations.
I think you'll find it to be a refreshingly shitty new experience.
And if you were wondering, yes, this is actually running on an emulated Commodore 64.
The game will be distributed as a Commodore 64 disk image.
You can play it on an emulator of your choice, or if you've got the right tools, you can
make a disk and play it on an actual Commodore 64.
And what's the damage?
That's right, also $2.
And now, if you tell me that you want all this shit, I'll tell you that you're fucking
crazy, but also that I'll give you a discount.
Five bucks gets it all.
I appreciate your support very much.
Whether you're looking forward to buying this or not, I'll be posting on the VoG Discord
regarding playtesting opportunities, so please look forward to that.
You'll be able to try it out for free before it comes out.
And as far as when it's hitting the virtual water, it'll be either late December or early
January, and if you keep listening to Orange Lounge Radio, you'll be the first to find
out for sure.
I want to thank you for watching this shitty presentation.
We're about to reach its rear end, but there's just one more thing I need to show you.
Let's check it out.
Yeah, press the Poof button.
All right, hold up.
I have some questions.
Hold up.
First off, I just, I have to do this because that was brilliant, YYR.
That was so good that I lost the...
I no longer regret any of the words that have ever come out of my mouth.
You don't regret any of this shit?
Is that what you're saying?
No.
Okay.
I...
Yeah.
Okay.
So, am I understanding correctly that Bobby actually made the correct prediction apparently
in chat and said this some time ago, that Loki's secret project was so secretive because
it kind of like was only part his idea.
So Pixel Poops number two is your game, Loki?
It is my game.
And so here's that.
So here's how it started out.
So I decided like a while back, like I ran across, like I wanted to make a Nintendo game.
Hold up.
Hold up.
YYR, you get on Discord right now.
I know I said the end of the show.
You get on Discord right now because you didn't prepare me for that one.
That's not fair.
It feels like my birthday.
It feels like my birthday.
It is.
It's your late birthday.
Join any of the rooms, YYR.
I'll pull you in.
Okay.
So he says he's updating.
I'm sorry, Loki.
You can continue.
Okay.
So like, so what it was is that I found the software like called Nest Maker, which is
basically it's a kind of a front end to start making Nintendo games, like actual Nintendo
games.
Granted, the stuff I'm doing, there's a lot of assembly coding, so I had to learn 6502
assembler to be able to start doing this, but it's kind of a friend to help you starting
not from scratch.
So I needed a simple project to do with this.
So I thought, okay, I can remake the original Pixel Boost because it's a pretty simple game
and that'll help me learn this Nest Maker stuff.
But then I decided I wanted to go ahead and do a sequel.
So then I like, I kept working on it and originally my plan was I was just going to put it out
and say, look, I made this and then like surprise everybody, including YYR, but then I couldn't
like keep it a secret.
So I had to show him and then he decided, Hey, he's all, Oh, well, I'm also working
on this.
And then we decided that we're going to kind of work together to do different things.
So like I've been working on this completely separate from him, but yeah, it's, it's a
Nintendo game.
As you saw, it is two players simultaneously, tons of different levels in there, lots of
different like themes and stuff, and it's coming along.
All right.
YYR is here by the way, and he's, he's audio, you're just audio only tonight cause I'm trying
to fix the disc, but that's okay.
If you're just going to stay audio only, then I don't need to fix it.
Yeah.
You don't want to see me.
I'm not wearing a shirt right now.
Okay.
That's fine.
Keep it off.
Keep it off.
The webcam is going to look a little messed up.
Sorry.
During this point, let me just go back.
I'll go back to here.
You don't have to see me.
You can look at, uh, dark soccer, the game idea and Loki, the game maker, which is the,
uh, the big gag that we're all just kinda, uh, getting here is that Loki secret game.
When did you find out about this YYR?
So you've known about Loki secret game project for awhile.
And I got, I gotta say with all respect to your game, YYR, you went for a very like kind
of old school aesthetic with it.
It was a very like Atari 2,600 looking thing.
And then when I look at what Loki did, I'm like, this is like way different, but this
is like what I would logically expect a graphical upgrade of this sort to look like, if that
makes sense.
Oh yeah.
He really nailed the aesthetic.
I the first, that was what I was going for too, yeah.
And yes, Bobby, you did call it.
It was right before the direct started.
He was like, I bet it's actually a YYR game.
And I felt I had to respond in chat.
Otherwise people would get suspicious.
So I was like, that's a stretch.
What are you talking about?
Well, and to be fair, he had kind of put that out there before when Loki wouldn't talk about
it for weeks and weeks.
He's like, he's not talking about it cause it's not, it's someone else's game that he's
making.
And I kind of like, and I honestly, I brushed it off.
I was like, what, whose game would he be making?
That doesn't make any sense.
And now, now that I know it, it's like, Oh my God, of course that, that, that shit was
right in front of my face the whole time.
So amazing, amazing work YYR.
So some folks in chat are saying, I need to see that trailer right now.
And I've got you.
I'll hook you up in just a sec.
Oh, actually.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I mean, I have it on YouTube.
It's going to go live at midnight Eastern, 9 PM Pacific.
And I will post a link if the show is not over by then I'll post a link in chat.
Otherwise it'll be on my Twitter, but, uh, if, if you uploaded it also go right ahead.
I just feel like this is the best Hanukkah present ever.
It's seven nights of shit.
I was just about to, I was about to say dark soccer.
This whole thing came out of your mouth in the beginning.
And how do you feel now?
I know I'm already full of shit.
Well, but how do you feel knowing not only is it a YYR thing, but this, this is that
big mystery you're, you're going to have to buy the man a pizza.
By the way, by the way, I'd like to mention that, um, it's also going to be on cartridge.
I have cartridges.
How are you doing that?
I require this to be in my life.
Yeah.
So, so I have a ROM burner and I've got a cartridges or at least a few.
I did a very limited run of those, but, um, I've got that.
So once I'm done, I, it will be on physical cartridges.
I'm sorry.
I'm just going to change the shot.
So you can all see how shocked I am right now.
Like what?
Like Loki just fucking started limited run games too in his basement for his new project.
What the hell?
This is crazy.
But I'm not, I'm never going to be quiet again.
Never the first shit that comes to my mind.
You never were dark soccer.
Let's and that's, that's why we love you and why this show has lasted as long as it has.
So, okay.
So why we are like, I'm going to be honest, the first part and everything, I kind of expected
that.
I was like, okay, he's talked about pixel poops going to steam before.
Okay.
New game modes.
Super cool, but like a very Y Y R thing, like a, like a patent thing for your games.
You have all these different modes.
You've done that since the snake 360 day it's state snake 360 days and it's continued in
things like super multitasking.
It's like, you can do the multitasking all at once.
You can do the multitasking very easy.
You can do the multitasking with challenges, right?
So like that part, I was like, okay, this is, you know, I'm with it, but now talk me
through like the Commodore 64, like where the hell did that come from?
Well, so, and it's funny because this, this whole thing started as, as he mentioned, Loki
was working on this thing, unbeknownst to anybody, including me.
And then, uh, what was that?
Maybe like five, six weeks ago, you just like sent me a Twitter message and you were like,
Oh, well, by the way, and, and you sent me an animated GIF and we need to talk about
intellectual property for a minute, just dump it and release it and it's already dump it.
But no, I, I saw that I, he got my full endorsement immediately and, um, yeah, it was like, uh,
I had already been toying with the notion of remaking pixel poops and, and putting it
on steam.
So this just accelerated the process.
I literally just dropped everything I was doing with, you know, super multitasking and
anything else.
I'm like, yeah, you know what, let's do this.
And it, it took me a weekend to make the original game.
It took me a month to port it to what I'm currently using.
And I mean, granted a lot of that was because when I made it, I didn't have a daughter.
Um, uh, I was also like, you know, just kind of throwing it together, not publishing it,
not really planning around any of the menus or anything that I'm planning on putting in
it.
But yeah, it, uh, it took a lot longer to, to put that together.
And uh, yeah, as far as the extra stuff, uh, I don't know if anyone noticed only people
that played games on Atari VCS would notice this, um, the toggling of the difficulty and
the toggling of the time attack mode.
That is a direct reference to the difficulty A and difficulty B switches on the console
itself.
I did pick up the way you were saying that like at 16 different gate was a very much
like an Atari 2600 thing.
Like that would have been on the box art.
In fact, I don't want to volunteer Dark Sakura for anything, but I think one way to bring
this full circle there, and I don't even know if this is something that's really in your
wheelhouse Dark Sakura, but no, not well, yes.
That's, that's a given, but like we need classic Atari, 2,600 box art with the thing that says,
you know, 16 games that might be, that might be outside your wheelhouse, dark soccer, I
don't know, but we need to like commission it or something and I'm willing to do it.
You know, I could do it.
Okay.
I mean, I'd have to break out like my color pencils and do a really fine art shit, but
I just, yeah, it was great.
And by the way, I lost it cause the chat is bringing up to, I lost it at that text tax
collector being named feces.
Feces.
Now, Loki, did you know about all of the other Pixel Poop stuff or was this all new to you?
Did you know about the Pixel Poop 64 where he's actually squatting?
Yes.
That killed me.
Yes.
Yes, I did.
And, um, I I've actually seen the direct already, but like, um, yeah, he had told me that he
was working on the Commodore 64 version and the Steam version stuff.
I didn't know about like the, like enhancements or like all of the enhancements and stuff,
but, uh, and I hadn't actually seen the Commodore 64 version, but until today and I'll interject
the Commodore version existing is a direct result of Pixel Poop's number two existing
and me saying, you know what?
That sounds like fun.
Let me try also.
And what I did was I busted out the same exact Gary kitchens game maker that I was using
to make games when I was eight and nine and 10 years old and I loaded it up on an emulator
and I got to work.
Wow.
It's awesome.
It's just the fact that you're shitting on multi platforms is just killing me.
It's it's amazing.
Okay.
I, I have to see this trailer for the Loki project one more time because I wasn't ready
for it.
So now I need to watch it one more time now that I have it in my mind.
So I think what I can do, and I'm doing this live on the fly.
Sorry guys.
But I think what I can do if I actually think the movie, I think I can fast forward ahead
a little bit here.
So here's where, okay, the new game because I can't really go into more details about
that either because that would give stuff away.
So I, I can't say anything because I can't say any more.
I was, I was so shocked.
I wasn't even thinking of something.
I like the people are actually turning around and there's two, it's a two player game.
Yep.
And you like a basic fresh in when they're pooping, that's my favorite I'm dying.
So here's, here's, so here's my, my next question.
If I don't want to play that on a Nintendo, are you doing like a steam release or something?
Well, it's supposed to be DLC on the actual pixel poofs one that YR is doing.
So you'll be able to, I think it's still going to be a ROM file.
There is a way to convert it so that you can play it, you can actually upload it to steam.
So there is a way to do that for NES ROM files.
I mean, basically what it's doing is it's just including an emulator so that you double
click the game in your library and it launches the NES emulator in the game automatically.
All right.
And Bobby, there are low key, there are a lot of people asking in chat about the cartridge.
Like people are freaking out.
Yeah.
Like I didn't get many, like I said, cause you know, cartridges are not cheap.
So I have six, Oh my God right now.
But I mean, that's just because I didn't want to like go all in with like a hundred of them
or something.
Let me hold on a second.
So how much do these cartridges run?
I don't remember off the hand, I think it's like at least, I think 15 for the board and
I don't remember.
I'd have to look at my own voices, but basically, so like it's got, it's even got the sleeve,
which is kind of cool.
So these are from France.
So they've got the actual, this is empty.
So I actually have the boards right here.
So I've got the actual, this is a mapper 30 board.
It's green screening out cause it's a green board, but that's all right.
It's fine.
Well, it's a mapper 30 board.
It's got, um, I don't know how to necessarily do it yet.
Cause like I said, I'm still kind of new to the nest of stuff, but it has flash memory
on it instead of member, like the old Zelda and stuff like that, where it actually had
saved memory, but it had like an actual battery on it.
This is flash memory now, but it operates in the same manner as that.
So you could potentially, if I'm good enough to do that, um, have a high score table or
something like that.
Wow.
I may, may try to add if I get a point to do that.
Um, but the mean, you know, right now I wanted to get like the basic, so it's been a challenge
obviously with the NES, cause you have to fit everything into the ROM size there.
So, um, I have, well, I have an original soundtrack of three songs that I had commissioned done
by this guy, cosmic gem, who does a lot of mega man fan games, as you might've noticed
that sounds kind of mega man-ish in the trailer.
I didn't even think about that music.
I just figured you lifted it from free music archive or something.
No, no, no, no.
Completely original.
Oh my God.
We're going to be able to have like an OLR soundtrack between what Jamie does, what you
do.
And by the way, there's a gag coming up at about like 10 minutes when it comes to music
and this show that you get, you guys know what I'm talking about, that email we got
last week.
And when I heard that I was like, Oh my God, this is so much talent around the OLR universe
is crazy.
So there is one song.
So there there's three songs, the title song and two levels songs that commission from
somebody that to do those, um, you already have a more diverse soundtrack than dragon
quest 11.
Good job.
And then there is another song that was one of those.
It was on, uh, the open game art sites.
So it's a, it's a, uh, creative commons, but it's another song.
So that's, that's all I could fit in my audio because like I had to create, you know, sound
effects for all the poop sound effects.
So some of the fun things that are in the game.
So like for example, the pause screen, you can still move your character or you can move
your characters in place so you can actually like dance around and stuff like that.
And the pause screen is just kind of fun.
And then at the end of when you beat a level, you actually goes into this little celebration
animation, but you can also move around and then do like the, the funny squatting things.
Cause I love that face.
The face is hilarious and it's just funny to do that.
So, um, yeah, there's lots of little Easter eggs.
I may have thrown some cheat codes in there as well.
Oh my God.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
This is running so long, but like y'all blindsided me with this and her.
Now I understand why I got that message from YYR that was like, you're probably gonna want
to talk to me right after errors, like for two bucks a pop, by the way.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
So anyway, w the cartridge thing, Loki, you'll have to figure that out on your own.
Obviously I was thinking it was, I have to look, but I was trying to target someone cause
I also still have to do label printing and all that and packaging.
So I was targeting somewhere around 40 bucks, but I don't know.
Yeah.
I have to, there's easily at least five people in chat that are going to pay that right now.
If not, if not more than that person sitting in this chair who will, I would say, go ahead,
open pre-orders.
I mean, get a number so that you know how many you need to be fair.
He says he hasn't completed the, I love how we're just talking.
Now.
We're all your managers, Loki.
All right.
So he says he hasn't completed the process yet and hasn't done it.
So let him get through that whole process to make sure it's, you know, error free and
he has it the way he likes it.
Then open up the pre-orders cause you don't want to end up on that Kickstarter thing where
you're like, I'm going to get all this money for this thing that I fucked up and I can't
make it.
So exactly.
And as Bobby puts out, let, let me make one exactly.
And that's definitely the goal.
I still have to learn the, how to do, I've got all the hardware to do.
I just have to learn the process and it's the, what's great though is like, if you are
interested in this software, so nest maker is, um, what I, I started off using granted.
You can build an NES game without coding.
If you want a grant, it's going to be incredibly basic, but you could do that.
Um, and I highly recommend it.
It's like 40 bucks for the software.
Granted the stuff I'm doing now I'm completely, there's not a lot of documentation.
They do a good job with like some tutorial videos, but it's a lot of intro stuff, like
really beginner things.
So a lot of stuff I'm having to learn on the fly and figure out how this stuff works.
So I'm like rewriting a lot of their like input systems and stuff like that.
So you can get and do some pretty complicated things out there, but like it is definitely
a fun tool to play around with.
Uh, so if you go to the new eight bit heroes, uh, dot com, they sell and that's maker there.
There's a link to, you can get started with like the actual hardware, like burning a cart.
I did my first cart through there, um, cause it came with the actual writer.
Um, but then the other like five additional ones I tried through this French site, um,
that just opened up.
So, um, but I, like I said, I, I'd have to price it out, but, um, yeah, I highly recommend
checking it out.
It's a lot of fun.
I mean, I've had a lot of fun putting it together.
Um, definitely.
I'm finally glad I can talk about it now, no progress, cause it's like, I was like,
I need to tell somebody.
Um, but yeah, it's, it's been ongoing.
Like um, was it this, uh, why we are seeing you earlier?
He's like, yeah, I don't like, you know, the direction thing's not working well.
He needs to move diagonal and stuff like that.
So I have to rewrite the input system to allow that, but I finally learned how to do that.
It's all assembly.
Like I've never programmed in assembly before, but yeah, it's, and it's just a lot of challenges
cramming it all in that ROM size.
Cramming all that shit in there.
Um, did that a documentary?
Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
So yeah, mystic searches is his game that he's got.
He did a documentary.
It's on Amazon.
Um, great community on their Etsy too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a, it's a great community.
There's lots of nest maker games out there that people, then there's some guys, um, like
there's a cutter cross on there that they have some really like crazy games that they've
made with it.
Like there's one they're doing right now.
It's a point and click adventure game and they've actually gotten, I don't know how
they did it, but they've gotten the, the super NES Mario paint mouse to work with it
on an NES.
I don't know.
It's just some crazy stuff, but like the whole, you know, nest dev seems pretty cool.
Um, so definitely go check it out, but, um, yeah, it's, I'm definitely excited about it.
I'm still working on it.
I'm trying to get it done this year.
Um, I'm shooting for this year.
You know, something I was going to say, like, you know, and you've been talking about, oh,
I finally got the playable loop.
I've got all this.
And when I look at that footage, I'm like, oh my God, this really is like done.
Like this isn't like the time to car thing where you, it was not really like, like you
had an idea there, but it wasn't like really fleshed out.
And I'm looking at it.
I'm looking at this and I'm like, this is, this is ready.
It's because I did it the right way this time.
I did.
Yay.
Good job.
And you, you could say, see, Bobby's been yelling at you for, since day one, you need
to make a game based on an existing game.
So we're like trying to figure out the storyline for this game.
I still haven't quite figured that out and I get it, but like, there's not really a story
to it, but like, like we've, I've run across like so many like dumb ideas and I'm definitely
going to go with the dumbest of them whenever I figure out what that is.
It's just like, like, oh yeah, you know, one of them was like something about like that,
the taco stands were actually like, they've taken over the world.
There's so many of them.
That's why you see in like one of the then the trailer there, there's one in a graveyard,
you know, there's, there's your taco stands.
Like they actually have to be the Crips.
So it's just ridiculous stuff like that.
And yeah, there's like different characters.
So like there's the ghost you saw there.
I don't have an infant mind yet, but it's going to disappear.
And so it'll be invisible and you have to like a capture or I'm going to, I started
doing like a dog that actually eats the smaller pieces of, so like, you know, strange stuff
like that.
But yeah, it's, I, like I said, the segment has gone on a very long time, but I'm sorry.
I'm blown away because I just did not realize that you two were going to essentially buddy
up in a way and really deliver on this idea.
And of course not to, I know we're really focusing on Loki's game, but that's because
that's been a central plot of this show for like the past year.
So to have it just, you know, subtly revealed as a one more thing here is, is I wasn't prepared
for that.
Thank you.
But certainly not to overshadow what you're doing on your own to YYR is that, you know,
again, the Commodore 64, you've got the sound effects in there.
You're still charging, not nearly enough money for it.
And the world is going to thank you for it.
This is, this is great.
I, you know, I, it's, this is funny because, uh, it's dark soccer's idea.
YYR made the game, Loki made the new game.
I did literally nothing on this.
I still promoted.
I guess so.
I still feel like there's a part of me.
That's so excited about like, I had a hand in this somehow.
I did.
I had a hand in this somehow.
So there's, and Bobby Blackwell says I had nothing to do with this, but you were the,
you were the first to figure it out.
So you, you know, it's true.
So anyway.
Okay.
I've got to try and move on with the show, obviously says that you had shit to do with
it.
Well, obviously we're going to hear more about this in the coming months or really weeks,
because, uh, you said, I know you said December or January let's set the expectation January.
I think in order for it to release in December, it would have had to be out before the winter
sale.
And like, since, since you have to have the store page completely finished, including
the trailers, the screenshots, all the texts, everything, and then it has to be in coming
soon status for two weeks before the game comes out, I would literally have to have
everything ready.
And I think two days, it's just not going to happen.
So it's January.
And by the way, I have no problem taking a back seat to, I, I was just as blown away
by what Loki has been doing as anybody else.
I it's amazing.
And the graphics are fantastic and the music is great.
And I can't wait to, well, I have played it in the early version, but I can't wait to
play the final full thing.
And it's awesome.
And I'm honored to be able to publish it.
He couldn't have done it without you and you couldn't have done it without her.
So, and I'm just sitting here real happy right now, cause this is all awesome.
Like I'm just, I, I feel like I'm on ground, the starting ground of this whole thing.
And I'm just like, I, and people in chat are talking about, they need to speed read that
at awesome games done quick.
It's a perfect candidate for the awful games block.
But we mean that with love.
The thing is, I don't think it's an awful game, but it would fit in with the Cuso Grande.
Well, look, if Loki, if Cuso means shit, Loki, YYR, if that game shows up in the awful games
done quick compliment or insult.
I would be happy.
I don't care.
That's what I thought.
No publicity is bad publicity.
Exactly.
I, I'm, I'd be happy that that shit would be getting out in front of more eyeballs and
Bob Bobby's volunteer to host it.
So now I really, then I better be the one to speed run it.
All right.
I guess I have a new purpose in life.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Well, we're going to be hearing more and more about this in the coming weeks.
Cause now look, he gets to openly talk about the project.
So, and he's talked about some of the things that still need to be done there.
YYR, please keep us posted for the release date on Steam.
We're going to do all we can to help you out.
Please try to, and, and I will help you get into contact with some other podcasts too.
If you need it, try to get the word out.
Your games are so fucking good and they deserve to be discovered.
The success that these indie studios are having, you deserve it as well.
And this isn't just with the poopy thing.
This is what super multitasking and all the brilliant things you've done.
I really hope for the best for you.
I really do.
Thank you.
That's a lot.
Well, it's, it's well-deserved.
It's awesome.
Yeah.
You're awesome sauce.
Thanks so much.
All right.
Well, I couldn't have done it without all of you.
Even me?
Yes.
Even you Rob.
Even me.
All right.
All right.
Well, thank you so much.
Okay.
I'm going to let you go.
We're going to hear from you in the coming weeks.
You'll be back when the game's ready to release.
When you, when you're ready to do your big dump on Steam.
These jokes are never going to get old.
We're 40.
I'm in my four all in our forties at this point.
And these jokes are not getting old.
So there you go.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
I'm going to move back to one of the other channels.
Have a good one.
Yup.
Bye.
Does anyone actually have a clip of me talking about the pixel shit?
Because I really don't remember why, why are the first trailer video?
Yeah.
I think the original video had it.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm like crying from like laughing, but also just like the shock of, of the Loki's
game was that.
But it makes so much sense.
I went from having a really terrible morning with a very hard emotional blow to now riding
this weird high.
Some sort of in between.
I don't, my, my brain's confused on feelings.
I know it's good.
It's this weird thing where this show has truly come full circle.
You know, like we started like talking about gay, I'm talking like it's the last episode.
It's not, but yes, it's one of the things we've, we've looped the loop because now the,
this really is.
And what Loki's doing here, this product, I mean, it's one thing when it was YYR's thing,
because, oh, he's, he's, he's like a listener and he's, he's like outside the bubble, so
to speak.
And he's putting out this product and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, but now Loki's a part
of that too.
Who's been here since day one on OLR and, and it's like now the show that talks about
games has essentially in a way produced a game.
And again, even though I'm the one uploading the MP3s every week, I had nothing to do with
this.
And it feels really good.
I just get to play it.
That's true.
Bobby says, Loki hasn't finished it yet.
That's right.
We got to give you time.
The last 10% is the longest 90% or something like that, right?
So it's content.
Yeah.
I have to add all the content.
That's where I had to like rush to get multiple levels because it was just, well, the first
level is actually the third level now, but, uh, it's just over and over and over.
I, I should really, you guys should see like some of the actual things cause like before
each like actual, cause there's worlds technically, um, has like a little like image and stuff.
And it's, Oh, that's kind of funny.
Some of that.
Okay.
I have one more question and then we got to, we really have to move on with the show cause
it's almost nine o'clock.
We're going to have to kind of rapid fire the rest of the show.
But my question for Loki is, did the music guy know what he was making music for?
Yes, he did.
He did.
I, he, he, he was just cool with it.
Um, like I told him exactly, I gave him a description of what it was.
I showed him YYRs game.
I had already like some of the graphics and everything done or actually, uh, the, the
animated GIF I sent to YYR, I sent to that guy as well.
So he well aware of what he was making.
Wow.
Um, and funny enough, like I actually, that was an investment bringing him in and a smart
one because I think that's going to, I think just the music alone there, like YYR said
is like music is fantastic.
The music is literally good listening to it in my car every day, like every day been listening
to it in my car.
And like the theme, because the song that played is just one, that's the first level
theme.
So the, the actual theme song is its own thing too.
And then the second level theme, I haven't actually, um, put in a level yet.
I'm thinking like a snow level, but, uh, it's all good.
All of it.
Frozen shit.
Brown snow.
It's just going to be slippery.
Um, so all of it is going to be just, it's such a good soundtrack.
I'm excited.
Kudos to both of you.
I'm, you know, obviously I'm going to buy anything YYR makes because he's, he doesn't
charge enough for it and they're always, you know, so, so good, but just knowing that now
you've like evolved it, I think is a good word for it.
I don't want to, I don't want to say elevated.
I would say like evolved, I think is a good word and like made it like a very, you took
a very dark soccer idea.
You took a YYR execution and then you somehow made these a Loki thing is with, with professional
help where you needed it, like with the music and things like that.
And maybe areas that weren't your comfort zone.
I tried, I've learned enough of, I learned enough of Famitrack because that's the thing
about Nest Maker too.
Like Nest Maker has its quirks cause it uses this a library called like GG sound or something
like that.
And it has, it's very quirky on how it works with audio.
So I had to fix a lot of things in like so it was, that was a complicated process just
to get the music in there and trying to cram it within the ROM size because those songs
are very complicated and they take up a lot of space.
So I was like, I need more music other than these three songs.
I was like, okay, I got to cram like a song in there and it was tricky, but I did manage
to get one more song in there and that's about all I can fit without bank switching.
And I don't really know how to do that very well.
All right.
Well, to be continued, this is just the beginning of the saga, I'm sure that's been ongoing
on the show.
And that's why I'm spending so much time on it because you know, this has been a product
you've been talking about for a long time.
And I, I just, again, it's the, the answer was so obvious and right in front of our face,
but I just, ah, the Loki's got the Loki hat came up with some crazy idea and you did.
And it's, it's, yeah, it's great.
Love seeing it.
So excited to play it.
So excited to become the world record speed runner.
In the game.
Here's, I'll finish it off with the last bit and I don't know if you noticed, but because
your character is pooping a lot, I don't know if you noticed, but the character, when he
runs up on the screen, you'll notice that there is a hole cut out of the backside where
it would be coming out.
Cause obviously obviously you can't go through your clothes.
So it's the fine details like that.
We know what he's doing.
He's accidentally.
So I just next on your next rewatch of the trailer, be sure to look for that.
Hold on.
I'm sorry.
If it goes till 10 o'clock tonight, I'm not apologizing because we're going to get these
answers.
You're fucking crazy as far as when it's hitting the road.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Just on the back.
He's either ready for a hot date or a lot of poop.
I can't stop crying.
Okay.
All right.
Let's try to get over there.
We're going to rapid fire the rest of the show here and try to get through.
Oh my God.
Another big thing we got to talk about.
Oh my God.
We got to.
Okay.
Let's get to it.
Rapid fire news.
Low key.
Mario Kart's getting it.
Arcade's getting a mode with infinite shells.
That's kind of crazy.
So that's going to be something that they're going to be patching into Mario Kart arcade
grand Prix DX this week coming December 10th.
So if you can find someplace that's not under quarantine, you can go check it out.
And then also it looks like the doom guy is going to be coming to fall guys soon.
So that's pretty cool.
I'm guessing part of the next season.
All right.
Also coming up.
Pax is planning the events for next year.
And I know that might seem a little bold when we're still in a pandemic, but with the vaccine
on the way, there are folks that are really hoping we might be able to get back to some
of that convention spirit who knows next summer, at least that's what they've announced for
the next Pax East.
This is notable because Pax East is normally around like the March, April timeframe.
I think one year it was in February.
I'm sorry, guys.
I haven't been to Pax East in a few years, so I forget the exact days and timeframe,
but it is interesting.
They are bumping it back to June so they can hopefully actually have it.
I think there's a lot of hope.
And you know, when you listen to some things in the government, there's the when I'm talking
like Dr. Fauci and you know, those folks that care about COVID actually say that we could
see a sense of normalcy by May or June.
I hope we are.
That is very true.
And we can have a Pax East June 3rd through 6th in Boston, but they are going out of their
way to say, if it's not safe, we're not doing it.
We're only going to do it.
But they want to kind of let people clear their calendars for that.
So that's pretty cool.
September 3rd through the 6th in Seattle, although obviously us here at VOG Network,
we tend to go to Dragon Con instead.
But if you are in the Seattle area, hey, cool, you can go to that.
And then Pax Unplugged will be back in Philadelphia in December.
They will not be having a Pax South in 2021.
This is just because they had to move the other things around.
They're looking to bring that back in 2022.
So you know, fingers and toes crossed.
I'm trying not to get too hopeful, but hey, if Dr. Fauci and the other doctors of the
world out there say, take the vaccine, you know what I'm going to do, I'm going to take
the vaccine.
So let's hope it helps.
Other things to look forward to, WATAM.
This is the game from the Katamari Damacy creator.
It was an Epic exclusive when it originally came out on PC.
But now Keita Takahashi's game WATAM will now be out on Steam as of December 18th.
And that's about a year after it originally debuted on the Epic Game Store.
So I don't know if Dark Soccer, you ever got a chance to play that game.
I never did.
I somehow always missed it.
But I'll be checking that out probably when it makes its way to Steam, since I'm going
to be using Steam to play all these new games that were announced tonight.
That's for sure.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for Rapid Fire News?
I, King of Fighters 15 had a trailer drop with Shunai being the main character coming
through.
We should be seeing the release coming out on January 7th, 2021.
So cool.
And other news, um, uh, Sega, um, it will actually, it looks like this might have our,
you know, it's still running through from the second until the eighth is, uh, uh, there
is a Sega and stand up to cancer or teaming up for live streams to raise awareness and
fund for cancer research.
So, um, we, on the seventh is the next big one where, uh, Sega Europe is playing Total
War Warhammer 2, Alien Isolation and Sonic Mania.
Um, and on the eighth, uh, Relic Entertainment will be looking at, uh, some of their games.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
I'm, I'm thinking it might finally be slowing down this week.
No.
No.
Oh my God.
All right.
Let's get through them.
No, this, this week we've got a drawn to life, uh, two realms that's coming out on PC, Nintendo
Switch, iOS, and Android call of the sea on PC, Xbox one and Xbox series X, uh, destiny
twos getting into PlayStation five and Xbox series X versions, uh, do maternal coming
in the Nintendo switch Puyo Puyo Tetris two on Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation
five, Xbox one and Xbox series X ghost runner on Nintendo switch would salt on PC and Nintendo
switch.
Um, it's like a Brigadine, the legend of run Syria on plate station for finally cyberpunk
2077 on PC PlayStation four, Xbox one and Stadia Orwell's animal farm on PC and Android
and a medal of honor above and beyond on PC.
And last but not least, Panzer Dragoon remake on Xbox one.
All right.
Heading over to Japan, checking out some of the releases there.
Uh, we have on the Nintendo switch, a doc upon up, a Mugen, no roulette in a regular
and premium edition.
We also have Puyo Puyo Tetris two getting its release, although they do say this is
an English version, but that is being released in Japan this week.
A game called monkey barrels also coming out on the switch this week and Dora mon.
No beat his new dinosaur is out this week in Japan as well.
Checking out the PlayStation five.
If we have anything there.
I don't think we do this.
Oh, Puyo Puyo Tetris two is also out this week on the PlayStation five and that is the
soul release this week on PS five quickly checking the PlayStation four.
I doubt we're going to see things that are very different.
Um, I do see that cyberpunk 2077 does get a Japanese release as well, so that must be
a worldwide thing.
Um, Puyo Puyo Tetris two also on PS four this week, a game called trail makers, Japanese
rail SIM journey to Kyoto.
It's another train game this week.
We've had a lot of those lately, a game called outward also out on the PS four this week,
Brigadine that the legend of Runersia is also out this week in a regular and limited edition.
Um, and, uh, Schwann, yawn sword seven.
I'm sorry if I butchered that name, uh, it has an X, U, A, N Schwann, um, shoe yawn probably.
But anyway, that game is out this week in Japan as well.
Uh, how about the UK dark soccer?
In the UK we have on the eighth, the pathless on PlayStation as well as a Warhammer chaos
being slayer edition for switch on the eighth.
We have Ori and the blind forest definitive edition and Ori and the will of the wisps
on the X-Box overcooked all you can eat.
Um, on several, we have Puyo Puyo Tetris two, um, on the 10th we have Warhammer chaos being
slayer edition for X-Box cyberpunk 2077 on multiples on the 11th for switch.
We have arc survival evolved, um, and that is it through the next week.
All right.
We're going to do some more stories for you guys, but as I mentioned, since we're running
a little long, because I was not able to plan appropriately because the secret was withheld
from me for a very long time.
Uh, Oh, I see what you did there.
Loki, you switched your footage out because of what pod culture said in chat, huh?
So now he's got a footage of the new game running behind him there.
Very cute touch.
All right.
So we're going to do some, uh, quick news stories here.
We're just going to kind of run through these rapid fire styles.
Cause I definitely want to get to the mailbag because, uh, we have, uh, something really
cool in there too.
We got to get to, so, uh, uh, Loki, why don't you start us off?
Uh, so this was the end of season four, uh, Fortnite.
So it ended with a fight against Galactus and a lot of Marvel tie-in stuff and copyright
music.
Uh, it was pretty cool looking.
So after all that, of course, um, you know, the map changed and brought back now, uh,
lots of new stuff.
So they have season five, which is zero point, and they've got lots of different crossovers
going on, including the Mandalorian.
Um, they also added a brand new, uh, season pass type thing that you can subscribe to
as well.
Um, lots of stuff.
So, um, yeah, I dunno, it was pretty interesting.
And then, um, apparently there is also going to be some more crossovers with different
characters from a console.
So the first, of course being announced was, uh, Kratos is going to be in Fortnite as well
on, uh, the, I'm assuming the PlayStation four version, but maybe the skins can be on
all platforms, um, lots of tie-ins they've got lots of crossovers.
That's one thing that's really been a thing in a Fortnite.
So Fortnite is such a part of pop culture now.
Yeah.
So I'm curious to see what else is going to be coming soon, but, uh, the thought is that
there's going to be more, um, uh, crossovers, including possibly master chief.
So we'll have to see.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, um, if you are somebody who plays and streams on Twitch, like I'm sure many of you
are getting ready to stream Loki's game on Twitch, whenever it does release next year,
uh, will, uh, you might sometimes tag your streams with different categories.
Um, and the very first time you stream something, sometimes the community has referred to that
historically as a blind playthrough, but it was pointed out by, um, you know, folks in
the community who happen to be blind and other folks with disabilities, uh, that maybe blind
playthrough is not exactly, um, it's not the best language, you know, it's, it's, uh, and
they actually say here, uh, in a comment, yeah, it's ableist, an able game, the able
gamer COO, um, explains just as we used to say gay, when something was bad, using disability
terms as an alternate word for a negative situation or feeling is common in today's
language.
But just as we stopped saying gay to mean bad, we can stop saying these words to think
about the words that you choose.
And they, so this applies to the blind play through tag former, um, on Twitch, they have
changed it to a more appropriate name, which would be first play through.
And I think that's, I mean, that's what it is anyway.
And I think there's probably, you know, there's probably a lot of people that were kind of
wondering like, what does that mean anyway?
So I honestly, I think from all angles, you know, just the fact that it's, it's a little
more sensitive to, um, the disabled community who, who likes to stream games on Twitch and
plenty of them.
I think it's, I think it's great that we have a better term that just tells what it is.
So if you want to stream your first play through of Pixel Poops 64 or Pixel Poops 2 or whatever
it is, uh, you can use first play through would be the right, uh, uh, words to use that.
So pretty cool, uh, dark soccer.
We have, um, I'm not going to go into a lot of detail on this one, but it's talking about
how fashion and video games are really starting to discover a sort of a marriage, um, uh,
Video games are basically becoming a, a, a virtual runway for different fashion designers.
Like, um, and I'll even go back, like back in the day, I used to, um, download like designer
clothes for my Sims where the people had put all this effort into, into making, um, and
even their own fashion, even actual fashion designers are using games like the Sims or
Second Life or anything else to, you know, to, uh, to kind of dress up in their own little
fantasy world.
And, uh, right now I think that the Sims 4 has a deal going on with Gucci for like legit
Gucci items in the game.
Um, and you know, and I like it was going back for a previous story where he talked
about how video games, uh, are leading one of the biggest leading industries in the U.S.
Um, and in fact, in the first nine months of 2020, uh, sales of hardware content accessories
grew by 21% to 33.7 billion, um, over the same period of the previous year.
Um, so we're getting now, uh, people in Animal Crossing, for example, um, recreating certain,
uh, you know, uh, fashion items, um, you know, for the, the Able Sisters store, um, we've
had, uh, a Bathing Ape, um, have content out, uh, for, uh, hold on, let me get the game
it was in, for, uh, League of Legends for the character Yasuo.
Um, in, uh, sorry, in, uh, in League of Legends as well, there's been, uh, a Louis Vuitton
designer, uh, doing, uh, uh, skins for Senna, um, so it's actually just really interesting
that because, you know, having an actual fashion show or having, uh, these in-person
events are becoming harder and harder to do, um, that they are really looking to video
games.
Like there's, uh, another, uh, uh, a game called Goodbye Volcano High, uh, it's done,
uh, by, uh, actually their design team is, uh, predominantly, uh, LGBTQ+, um, and talks
about, uh, you know, fashion in this sort of alternate dinosaur populated world, um,
you know, of course, again, there's the Animal Crossing ones where people are, are recreating
these outfits.
Um, and, you know, I think it's actually pretty neat, you know, that they're doing this as
a way to, um, to drive that interest and to give back to the market and encouraging, uh,
just people, fans of the series, um, of their clothes to get out and do their own designs
as well.
Um, so yeah, uh, that Gucci pack, by the way, is called Gucci Off the Grid, uh, across
the Sims 4, it's a $40, uh, pack.
There's the various League of Legends ones, there's Love Nikki Dress Up Queen, uh, came
back in 2015, but there's apparently been, uh, like more content put out for it in the
fashion industry.
Cyberpunk 2077 is even talking about it, uh, with some of the, the character designs and
clothing put in it.
So I think we're actually starting to see actually not even just the fashion influencing
the games, but the games influencing the fashion as well.
Hmm.
I like that, how video games can influence fashion.
And you know, um, I think, uh, a game that, you know, we know is coming out very soon,
you know, Cyberpunk is kind of looking, I think fashion is gonna play kind of a role
in that as well, especially with all of the character customization options that are in
that.
And I think we've seen some of the crazy screenshots this week about that game.
Uh, I think there's going to be, I think that game is going to get used as an outlet a lot
for, um, fashion and what people want to represent themselves in a virtual setting.
So it'd be very interesting for sure.
For sure.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, Loki.
All right.
So Microsoft has purchased the online tournament platform, smash.gg, uh, they made the announcement
via Twitter.
And basically what's supposed to happen now is that it's just going to be running, uh,
kind of as business as usual.
They're saying they're going to be, uh, utilizing the additional resources from Microsoft to
strengthen the platform and make kind of the destination site for, uh, e-sports, uh, tournaments.
But I'm curious to see what additional things they're going to do with this site.
Um, so kind of early, they didn't save for the, it looks like it's going to, it was purchased
for an undisclosed amount.
So they don't know how much the site was purchased for, but I'm kind of curious to see what their
strategy is behind this with, um, you know, this acquisition they've been doing a lot
of acquisitions.
I w I wanted to use the story as a segue and I'm not going to have enough time to get into
it, but I wanted to talk about, um, some of the things that are going on with the Nintendo
tournament side of things.
And I kind of made a tongue in cheek reference at the beginning of the show about how, um, you
know, Nintendo ended up canceling that Splatoon tournament because everybody was using the tags
with free melee and stuff.
Uh, if I understand correctly, they did that.
They ended up doing the tournament on their own.
The organizers just did it without Nintendo support.
Uh, and it probably ended up having more viewers as a result of all the free publicity of Nintendo
pulling out.
So, um, that, that at least that's how I interpreted it.
That's for sure.
So, uh, SSJ 100, Matt says there's some breaking news with Nintendo going on right now.
Oh, oh fuck.
Now what it's another day in 2020.
Well, it was someone was, they were selling, um, joy cons that were customized with etiquette
stuff on it and they put a stop to it.
Nintendo told them to see selling and not too surprised about that.
I mean, that's, they're protecting their IP.
I would say they have a right to do that stuff, but the tournament scene really, I
think, and what's interesting with Microsoft getting involved with this because the tournament
scene starting to revolt basically against Nintendo is very fascinating to me.
Um, and I'm really curious to see where this ends up considering that they wanted to be
e-sports with all the like, um, platoon two and stuff.
That's how they kind of positioned that.
And now they're kind, I don't know.
It's just so bad.
It's complicated because again, like, and I talked about this on the show where we talked
about the tournament, you know, getting canceled about the melee, you know, kind of having
to use an emulator to play.
It's like, I kind of get why Nintendo had to do it, but, um, I don't know.
Sometimes it's in the way you, you deliver the message and maybe using the lawyers and
cease and desist wasn't the best thing.
Who knew?
Um, Bobby Blackwolf pointing out, it's that term joy con that's an issue.
Uh, if they hadn't called them joy cons, they probably wouldn't have gotten cease and desisted
because they have just said, Hey, you know, this is a, you know, a protected term, you
know, please remove that from your description.
And then we're, we're cool instead of like, take it down.
I mean, like, I don't know.
It just seems ridiculous.
Speaking of Nintendo, Bobby wanted me to bring up, um, even though he brought it up on his
show and you guys should be listening to both, but Bobby did bring up the whole, uh, that
thing in the Nintendo firmware that's hidden.
There's some Google analytics tracking data that is turned on by default.
And I don't think any of us like these opt in by default sorts of things.
So if you aren't already aware, you may want to go into your Nintendo system, into the
firmware.
It's kind of buried in there.
Bobby just put a link in chat, but if you want more information, it's on a lot of the
Nintendo blogs.
For example, Nintendo life wrote an article about it a couple of days ago, uh, that the
Google analytics data collecting is on on the switch firmware in by default, you can
go in there and turn it off.
If you don't want Google tracking that kind of data, uh, probably if you play a lot of
legend of Zelda, then Google's going to know to start selling you, uh, or to start showing
you like Zelda shirts and things of that nature.
That's probably what they're doing with it.
So, um, something to keep in mind.
Yeah, but I mean, yeah, I guess, I don't know it being that your Google account's not
necessarily tied to that console.
I get it.
They could probably look at your wifi or something like that, but yeah, it's not really tied
to your Google account.
So like I would think maybe they're just collecting.
Yeah, but if you've ever logged into the website, it might be able to drive that, get that
bridge together.
Yeah.
And a lot of people connect through Facebook and Twitter to get friend requests.
So that is built in there.
Yeah.
So there's ways.
All right.
Anyway, one more story here, and I may mispronounce the name of this place.
So Jamie, you may have to, uh, throw me a life vest here, but, um, this is a sad story
about an arcade in Tokyo that is closing pretty much permanently.
And it's, uh, because of the pandemic, um, Ikebukuro, I think is the name of it.
I say that right?
Yes.
Okay.
They're closing, uh, permanently and, uh, you know, sad, but, um, it's, uh, yeah.
So I'm sorry.
Hello.
That is the district.
Yeah, I was like, I didn't think that was the name of.
The landmark there.
I misstated it.
Sorry guys.
The landmark silk hat is the arcade, uh, in that district.
And that is what is closing.
Sorry.
A faux pas on my part there.
Um, and so that is closing.
The reason why I want to bring this up, usually, you know, we've heard of a lot of things closing,
but what makes this relevant is that this was the arcade where dance dance revolution
was play tested many years ago.
So it's kind of sad to see that go away.
Um, but they are going to be closing their doors.
Uh, they are at the end of sunshine 60 Dori and, uh, going to be closing.
So that's silk hat again is the name of the arcade and it's been referenced in some, uh,
anime and things like that.
So, all right.
All right.
Um, let's get to the listener round table via our chat room and the mail bag.
And I know we have two emails at least to get through tonight.
Were you able to get those up?
Dark soccer or did you need my help?
Yeah, I was, I was.
Let's get to it.
Okay.
So, um, first email is, uh, from Robert M.
I'm sure you've gotten this correction quite a bit, but yes.
Donkey Kong three is indeed part of the NES online collection.
Also, I don't know if everyone being, if it's everyone being home during the holidays or
if it's my internet connection, does anyone else had issues connecting to the switch e-shop
over the past few past few weeks?
That comes from Robert M.
And my answer to that is no.
Um, so you may have missed the dark soccer, but I did donkey Kong three as the classic
game last week.
And, uh, I, I misspoke and I said, it's not on the NES collection.
Cause then to end it actually is.
So let's just point out all of Rob's fuck ups on the night.
He didn't contribute anything to the big reveal.
Okay.
Well, um, thank you for the correction.
The next one is actually a pretty, uh, a pretty big one.
Um, and it comes from, uh, uh, orange.
Right.
Um, says, hello, OLR.
Hello.
I don't really have a question, but I was bored and decided to make a remix of orange
Jones radio's intro song.
And I might as well share it with you.
My transcribing is probably not a hundred percent accurate and it was really good.
I'm going to be able to, I think I can play a clip.
I'm, I'm doing this live on air.
It might be really loud.
So please brace yourself because I don't see a volume slider on this, uh, thing.
So please brace yourself.
This may come through loud.
Okay.
But it's, it's awesome.
I'm going to play a little bit of it here.
I actually don't know if it's coming through at all.
I don't hear anything.
Not darn it.
Sorry guys.
I thought I had it.
Uh, let me try, um, some light.
I think I'm going to have to use this old snag here and this, oh, this looks terrible,
but let me see if, let me see if it fixes the audio side of things.
I actually don't know that.
No.
Well, unfortunately I'm not able to play it, uh, on the show right now.
Um, damn it.
I thought that would work cause I used to have stuff come through the web.
Let me try one other quick thing here.
Sorry.
I know that looks terrible.
The, uh, visual there, but I want to try doing to make sure it's coming through.
I'm just looking on my settings here to see.
Yeah, I thought I could get Safari to come through.
Maybe if I'm going to add it real quick as a source and see what I can do.
Um, yeah, yeah.
Live radio.
Um, I'm sorry.
Orange.
Right.
You deserve a better debut here.
Shucks.
Well, why don't we, can we at least post the link in our chat room and then we'll post
it.
I'm going to post the link to the sound cloud on Twitter if orange right is okay with it,
but it is a sweet remix of the opening theme.
When I first heard it, I was like, OMG, this is, this is great.
And I sent it off to a dark Sakura and a Loki and, and, and.
Orange, right.
We may want to talk to you about actually using it somewhere on the show, um, on a regular
basis.
Um, obviously we're going to keep the intro that we have that dark soccer made for us,
but we can think of some other places where this would fit in.
Great.
Um, I think you did an outstanding job and thank you so much.
And it's just like, it's like, this was news enough for me tonight between this and knowing
that pixel poops was at least going to steam.
I like, Oh, those are going to be some cool announcements tonight.
And then everything else, uh, was, was just icing on the, on the cake.
So, um, great job orange.
Right.
And thank you so much for that.
So yeah, it sounds great.
So, uh, and dark soccer that's, that's you.
So, so dark soccer, not only did you get your idea released on four different platforms
now between, between the Vita, uh, and all of that, but now your, your theme song has
been remixed.
And what do you think about that?
I can't even, I can't odd.
I can't, but thank you.
It's great.
I mean, I worked really hard on it, so thank you.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, let's get to some, uh, final, that was it for the emails tonight, right?
Yeah.
Participate.
Oh, go ahead.
I was going to say that I have a last minute story right now.
Sure.
Let me just quickly say, if anybody wants to email us in a future week, participate
at orange launch radio.com is the place to do it.
So, um, dark soccer, that being said.
So basically someone now has it to where you can run doom on a pregnancy test.
Wait, didn't that come up on a prior show?
That was a while ago.
I did it.
Yeah.
Cause I thought it was a more recent one.
Okay.
I might be wrong on it.
Or they got it running on a new one.
It might, it might be the same one that it was.
It had an updated date on it.
So nevermind.
No worries.
Cause I was putting that in, uh, in, uh, uh, you know, playing on a toaster,
you know, thing.
So I've got a last minute news if you want.
Yeah.
Please.
So it's when galaxies is file a counterclaim against Billy Mitchell over the, uh, his lawsuit,
I would believe.
So, um, it says both Billy Mitchell and Walter day knew that these score performances were fake,
but it still included the scores on twin galaxies score database because of their need for
self-aggrandization, their adverse and their desire to create perceived value for the database.
So they could one day sell twin galaxies and a twin galaxy score database and take
the money for themselves.
Um, yeah.
So apparently the there's a court hearing set to happen on December 11th.
So I guess we'll hear more about this maybe next week.
No, I don't want to hear about it.
This drama is 40 years old.
This drama is 40 years old give or take.
Like I, I can't believe that we still have like three hour YouTube and maybe this is
a cell phone because of the length of our show.
I can't believe they have like three hour YouTubes dedicated to discussing the 99 reasons
why Billy Mitchell sucks.
Uh, reason number 41 will shock you, you know, in these times, I just like, don't we have
other things to do than worry about twin galaxies drama from the past?
Like, don't we have other things now?
Like, it's just,
anyway, sorry, Loki.
It's not a dig at you.
I realize this is what's going around in gaming culture, but I'm just like, y'all stop.
All right.
That it?
That's it.
All right.
That's it.
I think it's time we wrap up the show.
We're over three hours at this point.
And like Dar Sakura said, we got to work tomorrow.
Um, but, um, y'all made tonight wonderful.
Uh, thank you.
Orange, right.
Thank you.
Y Y R.
Thank you, Loki.
Uh, thank you, chatters.
Uh, thank you, listeners.
Thank you, everybody who participates with this program.
Thank you, Jamie.
Thank you, me.
Uh, thank you, uh, to everybody that, you know, helps put the show together every week.
Uh, tonight, this is just a lot of big smiles tonight all over the board.
Just kind of like watching, like what has come of, uh, of the culture of this show,
even if it's a giant turd, um, that's actually a compliment.
Um, it's, it's just great feelings.
So, um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio,
please tell a friend or two about the show.
Uh, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't there to put out on air, uh, we have to spread the word of
Pixel Poops at the end of the day.
That's really what it's all about.
Um, and, um, yeah, that's, that's, that's what I got.
I don't even remember the rest of what I'm supposed to say at the end of the show.
Cause it's just been that kind of night.
Five star review wherever you found this podcast.
Auto hosting on Twitch.
Don't forget the VOG Network Docs.com shop.
Uh, I think those are all the highlights.
So let's get around to everybody's final thoughts tonight.
Uh, Loki, you can start cause you've already, uh, hijacked this show once tonight.
Um, I guess I'll just keep you guys updated on, uh, my progress with the game now.
So we can now I can openly talk about it.
I can show you pictures and stuff of what I'm working on.
You can give us the straight shit.
Yes, exactly.
All right.
Um, my final thought tonight is, um, I don't, I just, just, I I'm, I'm feeling great about,
uh, just all of you that participate with the show and really interact with it and have
made this show a part of all of our lives over the past 18 years.
I'm just, I'm, I'm just thrilled.
Um, and thank you YYR for that.
Pleasant little surprise you dropped on us tonight.
Uh, I love it.
So, and of course, Loki, but he already knows that.
Uh, Jamie, last but not least.
Um, shit.
Yeah.
And that's really all that needs to be said.
We hope you have an amazing week, everybody.
And we'll see you in seven days for some new shit.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
