This week, the one-two punch of stay-at-home orders a new console launches means the GameStop
might finally turn a profit for the first quarter in multiple years.
It's a shame their forward-looking statements don't acknowledge how short-lived this will
be.
Digital's only getting stronger, especially with new consoles launching with the Diskless
edition.
Customers may buy the console from GameStop, but what happens for the next five or more
years?
With one company continuing its low decline in obsolescence, it's time for your hosts,
Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to give their opinions on this and the rest of the
week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on this internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again tonight with episode number 847 for this December
the 13th of 2020, which kind of marks our two-year anniversary of sorts on Twitch.
Now, granted, this show's been around way too long.
We started in June of 2002, so we've been around about 18 and a half years, if you can
believe it.
We were doing shoutcasts before, but this is the two-year anniversary of Twitch because
we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at VOG Network,
twitch.tv slash VOG Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
I am Rob Roberts here in studio with you guys joining me.
As always, I'm going to start with tech master Loki tonight.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Hello.
Hi.
I'm good.
Good.
So a big shock reveal last night.
So I'm going to spoiler the last episode if you haven't heard yet, but Loki's game was
finally revealed.
Oh, you mean last week?
Yeah.
Actually, just last week, man.
Time is flying.
Time is flying.
Yeah, it was just last week.
Well, we had that extra show, kind of, because we did the Game Awards thing here at VOG on
Thursday night.
But anyway, yeah, it was last week when you kind of shocked us.
You and Aaron shocked us with the reveal that the game you have been talking about for months
and months on the show that you've been working on is actually a version of Pixel Poops.
It's Pixel Poops number two, appropriate, for the NES, or Nintendo Entertainment System.
So great job on that twist reveal.
That was great.
And kudos.
Bobby was the first guest in chat that potentially one reason you were being a little clammed
up about it was that it was kind of someone else's sort of thing.
He didn't guess exactly how it went, but close to coordinate.
We did discuss that we're going to do some sort of direct thing, and it didn't push back,
but we had to coordinate stuff.
So that's why.
Yeah, yeah, no, but you guys did a great job on that direct and really shocked us and the
folks in chat.
So now is the first week where I can officially ask you, how is development on Pixel Poops
number two going?
I haven't done a whole lot this week.
It's mainly just been research.
I've been trying to figure out how to do animated tiles because it's a lot of trickery involving
switching memory banks and stuff on the fly in order to be, I have to reset up all my
graphics if I want to do that or just rearrange my tiles.
So that's what I've been researching this week for part of the week.
And then Cyberpunk came out and nothing got done after that.
So I'll probably go back to it again.
It's mainly just been research this week.
I've been going through the code that's in there for Nest Maker and their libraries that
they have for doing care, the C.H.R. file loads to load the graphic data and just seeing
how they refresh it and stuff.
I know it's possible to do that.
I just have to figure out how to do that and how I need to store my data in there.
It's real complicated when you do Nest stuff, but I kind of give myself to like today to
figure it out.
And if I don't, I'm just going to move forward with it, but I have done other things.
I've got like, so now I also have logic for the joggers to when they hit a solid wall,
they will turn.
So that's going to change some of the level design as well so that it can get a little
bit more complicated with them moving in random directions.
Fancy.
So were you surprised at the amount of people that, you know, or do you even regret saying
that you were thinking about doing some actual cartridge production?
Because obviously you got a pretty warm response in our chat and then, you know, on
your Facebook post, because you made a Facebook post after the show kind of telling
all your friends what was going on.
You got a lot of response there, too.
So the limited run Loki Productions basement printing press is going to be running
over time whenever you get this thing done.
Well, I, you know, to do, yeah, definitely, um, one of the things I need to do is I need
to get an actual, uh, any acid, uh, test on, so I need to get that just to test all the
carts after I burn them.
And then, um, I need to figure out label printing, which has actually been, cause I
have, um, I'm in their forum as well.
They have like a Facebook group and then they also have like their own forums.
So there's people actually discussing label printing as well.
I, I, a lot of them have been talking about just laminating, like any jet printed
thing, but I'd rather just get it done.
Uh, but I have to see how they're doing it and figure out the best way to do that.
All right.
Well, we pretty much it, we look for, we look forward to more updates on your
project as it, um, you know, as it shits out.
Um, yeah, yeah, there would have been more this week if cyberpunk didn't
come out, but then it did.
So, you know, this is why you didn't commit to a release date.
So people need to just be patient this week.
I I'll probably go back to it again, but like, I wanted to at least get a few days
of that in, yeah.
All right.
Uh, also say hello, of course, joining us every week.
Uh, say hello to dark Sakura or Jamie summers.
I had to unmute myself.
Hi.
How are you?
I am tired.
Yeah, I hear ya.
Uh, well, happy.
I was just to say happy Hanukkah to you.
Um, cause I know it's the fourth night and I gotta say, you know, with the whole
pandemic and everything this year in 2020, just generally being a big ball of suck.
I must say I am missing the OLR tradition.
It's the one night where Jamie willingly gets in the kitchen and bakes
latkes here for us on the show.
And I missed that this year.
I fried up some good latkes for us.
Uh, last year I remember.
Made a lot of latkes.
You did.
So, so I was going to say, if you're going to be a little shit, 10 years ago in an
iTunes review and say, Jamie better be in the kitchen, it better be during Hanukkah.
Cause that's the only time that comment is excusable here on this program.
I have cooked other things though.
You know, true.
You have in, in, in the history of the show and, and Loki has too.
I remember the deep fryer bonanza.
We had one episode.
The old deep fried rice balls with cornflake coating.
The old OLR you guys was wild.
Like, that's why I don't talk much about the pre podcast years of OLR, but we did
wild shit for like three hours a night.
And I remember there was that episode where we were deep frying things.
And I also remember the episode where we had the, um, and this, we didn't even have
a, well, I think we had the cam, but it was the camera that would update like once
every 30 seconds.
So you couldn't really see anything.
But that was the technology on the internet way back in the day.
But I remember the night we had the peep jousting live on air and we put the peeps
with the toothpicks and in the microwave, which I wouldn't recommend doing.
Cause it's disgusting.
Cause I hate marshmallows.
I know they do not like peeps.
It's a little funny.
The webcam that was, it was the eye toy run through a capture card.
That's right.
It was an eye toy.
It updated every like few seconds.
So, or it was like every 10, 15 seconds or whatever.
Cause you know, dial up and.
Or no, it wasn't dial up.
No, it wasn't dial up, but it was, uh, you know, there was certainly
nothing like Twitch or I don't even think YouTube had debuted just yet.
It was, it would, this would have been, this would have been when you
and I were roommates, low Loki, which was around, it wasn't the first year
of the show, but it wasn't long after it was about 2003, 2004 was probably when
those, yeah, it's like geo cities.
It was like, yeah, it was really rough, but it's, it's, it's funny
how we've come such a long way.
Anyway, Jamie, sorry.
Oh, we're talking about a lot cause in the chat, but, um, it's, uh, something
that I talk about on, on my own, uh, forums, but I don't really talk about
a whole lot on the show is a chronic fatigue syndrome and, um, it can
really wipe a person out.
And so I just wanted to reach out, basically just put a word out to
others who, who are, uh, are living with this, you are not alone.
Um, and it keeps us from playing copious amounts of DDR when we think
about bringing out the dance pads.
So, um, but, uh, I still have all my Bemani stuff up behind me and I, I'm
actually considering selling my title.
Oh, wow.
Wants to make me a good offer.
The beat mania stuff is going fucking nowhere because I want to figure out how
to, uh, if I can get that sub service that's going on for beat mania, I think
it would be cool, um, I kind of miss playing, um, I've lost like 80% of my
skill at it, you know, like when I, when we like for, uh, California extreme,
I just was pretty much playing, uh, uh, I beat mania three so that I could play
like my favorite songs and just really easy.
Um, but I don't know.
Um, I've been, uh, going hubby and I have been talking over stuff about what we
want to do about getting, um, like a music game room set back up in, in this
office, but then again, I want to do my crafting stuff and actually learn how
to use my sewing machine because, uh, I hand sewed, sewed all my shit in the
back and you know, in, in the old days, now I want to start using my machine
and, you know, get back into making my, uh, uh, costumes and stuff.
Um, but, uh, okay.
So I have to make a comment to the chat room right now, Rob.
Okay.
Please.
So everyone's talking about making latkes and latkes are fucking
easiest shit to make.
Okay.
You have recipes on the internet and they are really matzah meal, you know,
which is basically, you know, dried up, grumbled up matzah, um, you know,
and matzah is basically the, uh, the bulking fiber of the Jewish world.
Um, potatoes, shredded potatoes.
Make sure that you use a nice, good, firm potato.
If you want them to be, you know, have that hash brownie kind of quality egg.
It takes egg and salt and you can make latkes or you can go and buy a box of
the meneshevitz mix and follow the directions and mix that and have latkes.
I thought that the stuff you had, we did last year, just you followed
the recipe on the back of the box.
Yeah.
I didn't feel like shredding all those damn potatoes, although I I've
done it with blue potatoes before and they look really cool.
Yeah.
Um, but, uh, I'm planning on not tonight cause I'm so tired, but tomorrow
night, maybe after work, I'm planning on doing sweet potato latkes.
Oh, sweet potato.
I'm meh on them, but Alan loves them.
Well, tell him, tell Alan to go to the coaster section of the grocery store
and get the box sweet potato latkes.
Cause they're just about as good as doing the real thing.
Um, and, um, I've also decided that neither sour cream or
applesauce are superior.
Neither of them are, you're making me hungry.
All right.
You know, what is superior to either of those toppings?
Yes.
What onion jam.
All right.
Sweet onion jam.
All right.
Sweet is specifically sweet onion jam.
All right.
We can find the Delia onion jam.
You go for it.
We got to get into gaming talk.
Although these are, you know what?
I'm all about snacks while you're a gaming.
So, you know, Hey, uh, let's, uh, let's get into some video game news and what
happened, um, around the gaming world this week.
Yes.
One last thing.
All right.
Curry sauce over latkes.
Also delightful.
I wouldn't have thought of that.
That sounds good.
Curry sauce is good.
Okay.
One last thing.
I get this powdered Curry gravy stuff.
Um, it's British like a B store, I think is the brand, but I order it on some
online service or a touch of Britain down here has it, and that shit is the bomb on
any potato product and that's it.
You know, I'm sure this is already out there somewhere on YouTube, but you need
a nerd cooking show, a geek cooking show.
I'm sure that exists, but not nerdy mummies and all of those, but none with you.
Oh, that's right.
Tiara has a thing going on and her blog is live now.
So Tiara, I know you're not listening right now, but I am
plugging the crap out of you.
Everyone needs to look at their, uh, their blog.
It's, uh, there and bake again.
I'll, I'll find a link for it in the chat room, but they're also
on, uh, on, uh, the YouTubes and stuff.
So, all right.
All right.
Uh, well, let's get in.
Speaking of things to watch, a lot of folks this past Thursday, we're
watching the game awards for this year.
Um, knowing that, you know, previously in previous years, Jeff Keeley's big
event that he's, you know, tried to make the, uh, gaming version of the Oscars.
And he's certainly done a lot better job than, um, some of the early,
uh, forays into that, that were on spike television and so forth.
Um, but, uh, Jeff's really gotten a good balance there and, uh, he's
kind of become to be known for kind of the, the winter big announcement thing.
You know, we have E3 usually in the summer, obviously 2020 was weird this year.
Um, but, uh, the game awards has been known as kind of like the big winter
announcement, uh, event as long, uh, along with the numerous awards that they gave out.
Um, and, uh, this year, obviously the pandemic made that a little
weird, um, but they did the show.
Uh, we were co-streaming it here at VOG network.
So some of y'all were watching the show with us.
Uh, myself, Loki and Bobby Black Wolf were there streaming the event.
I know Dark Soccer had to work.
Um, but, uh, we, we had a good time with it.
Um, and, uh, got to react to some things together.
Y'all saw me almost have a heart attack when that PlayStation five game came up
that had the hallway trailer and I started flip flipping my shit.
Cause I thought it might be PT.
They got me good.
Those bastards.
They got me good.
What, what was that game?
It's a, it's a sci-fi and they've shown it before.
It was at the PS five reveal, the sci-fi game with the female
protagonist of blonde hair.
I don't remember.
Yeah, no, they got me.
They got me good gal.
This is returnal.
That sounds right.
Returnal that, that does sound right.
Yeah, that was the, so dark soccer, if you'd seen this, you would have flipped
out to the game, started out and it shows a hallway with a door and the narrator
talks about like a loop and how I'm going back to where I started again.
And that was my, my, like literal reaction was no, like they did not
like that this can't like that fan wank cannot be real like the Twitter.
Of course they did it on purpose.
That's why I'm calling a little bitches anyway.
So that was probably something fun.
You got to see me react to, um, but anyway, uh, so it was a big event,
nothing big this year, like the X-Box series X reveal, like we got last year,
but all in all before Loki is going to run down the news, but quickly, um,
Loki, what did you think of the show as a whole?
Like, were you a fan?
Were you like, where were you at with the show as a whole?
And then we'll run it down.
It was okay.
But there wasn't really any trailers as like, you know, super excited about,
like, I remember like previous years, we had like no man's sky.
We had, you know, some death stranding gameplay type stuff.
Um, you know, stuff like that.
They were just like, kind of like, wow, you know, that's amazing.
You know, I mean, I guess if I was a fan of certain series, maybe there would be
some trailers that would be kind of like, Ooh, you know, nothing really like
concrete.
I mean, there's some stuff that looks neat.
Some stuff that was just kind of, okay.
That's a thing now, I guess.
And, um, there's a few things that like some of the indie projects
that look really nice.
Yeah.
Um, but nothing like, Oh my God, this is like the next game.
I really am waiting for it.
Like literally none of the games that they showed.
I'm like highly anticipated for, but it's fine.
There was a couple I was certainly interested in and we'll get to it when
you, when you run down here in a minute.
But, um, I will say as a whole, and I said this on the Thursday broadcast,
let's kind of repeat it for the folks who missed it.
I thought Jeff and company did the best job they could, um, considering the
state of this year, considering the fact that the industry is all kind of crazy
and, you know, things are getting delayed and pushback and, you know, a lot of
things that were going to come out this holiday are now 2021.
Um, I think they really did the best job they could in giving us
something to look forward to.
I think the only kind of disappointment was that one game
really ran away with everything.
And look, I, and this is not a knock.
This is not a knock on last of us.
Part two.
I realize it's a controversial game in some circles.
I ha I have not played it.
Therefore I have no opinion.
I, it just, you know, some of the thrill is gone a little bit when, and this is
even true about the Oscars and that when like one thing really dominates, it's
kind of like, Oh, this is really like, like no shit, it was going to win game.
If you were paying attention the whole night, like it would have been a real
shock if something else had won.
Um, which, which has happened at the Oscars once or twice.
Um, like, like that year that crash won best motion picture, right.
When Brokeback Mountain who won like everything else, right.
It happens once in a great while, but for the most part, the shocks like
that are really rare.
And once a game kind of starts to sweep or a movie or whatever, a Grammy thing,
uh, it becomes pretty obvious what's going to happen.
Um, so I did like though, you know, and I know there's been a lot of discourse
online about some of the, like the crunch time and does that mean last
of us two deserves best direction?
I, again, haven't played the game.
Don't have an opinion.
I can say that that conversation, at least we're having that conversation.
And I think we've been talking a long time about how the game industry needs
to unionize and, um, there needs to probably be a greater conversation in
that regard and maybe this kind of becomes a catalyst to continue that
conversation.
But one thing I will applaud the game awards for is that I did feel like,
even though the last of us two really swept the awards and made that part
of it not that exciting, I did still feel like there was equal time, so to
speak, to hear from other award winners.
Like we saw the last of us, uh, team two or three times, probably
the developers twice.
I think we saw a voice actress as well, and maybe one other person,
but we saw the guy twice.
Well, we saw the Among Us team twice and they were really pleasant to see
because they were just, they were just four kids that were so fucking happy,
you know, and that was a real delight to see.
And again, that leads to a conversation on should Among Us even have been
nominated for best mobile game when it came out in 2018?
That's not for me to answer.
Uh, it's, I guess it's up to the game awards and that feedback, but.
You know, I will say it was, their speech was goddamn pleasant, you know,
and I was happy for them and I didn't care when that game released.
You know what I mean?
So at least I felt like, even if there's this conversation about, uh, you
know, Oh, last of us part two was, was toxic in some ways to our industry
and so forth, um, I feel like there were lights shined on other things too,
where it didn't like ruin, like I'm not sitting here going, Oh, the whole
award show is tainted because of it.
Because I think it is really awesome that Jeff has an award category to
call out accessibility, which is something that last of us two really shined on.
And that, that award is hard to fucking argue with that last of us two really
went out of their way when it came to accessibility this year, although I
thought I was not aware that some of the other games nominated like that grounded
game, I didn't know they had a mode where if you're arachnophobic, you
turn the spiders into floating disks.
You basically remove the legs and the hair.
Yeah.
I thought I was like, Oh, that's kind of rad.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
We kind of covered that on the show a while ago.
Um, but yeah, it was kind of, I thought it just removed them
from the game altogether.
I didn't realize it turned to like some, like, you know, uh, animation,
like a stand-in type thing, like a blob.
Yeah.
I don't kind of look funny.
Yeah.
Um, so some folks in chat, so Bobby in chat says I wanted a Hades to win more.
Um, you know, and I, I, I loved Hades.
It's, it's probably my game of the year.
Stay tuned to find out for sure.
Um, but, uh, I, I, on one hand, I kind of get it, you know, if you look at
Metacritic, um, not that I put a whole lot of stock in Metacritic, but what
was the number one reviewed game on Metacritic that originally released
this year, um, because persona five, uh, Royal edition is, is up there.
But that is, you know, it's a repackaging, which, you know, who knows if that would
have, it should have made it eligible or not, I don't know, but, uh, the next one
up there is the last of us part two.
So it's, it's not.
Surprising, you know, and, uh, we, we know it's done by a panel of
journalists that are very similar to the type of people you see on Metacritic.
So you can kind of read the tea leaves a little bit there.
The audience vote is only like 10% of it.
It's not enough to really sway it hard in one direction or another.
And of course, lots of people talking about animal crossing, you know, which
obviously I don't have to wait two weeks to know that that's dark soccer is game
of the year and plenty of other people's as well, just because of, you know, what
it brought our 2020 world, you know, and the, and all this stuff.
So.
I will say at least one kind of nice thing was that even while the last of
us to kind of swept the table, it did feel like everything else that was
nominated for game of the war game of the year won something like no one
really went home empty handed.
I don't think like, um, the final fantasy seven remake got best music, right?
Hades got best action game, which was actually really surprising.
Animal crossing got best family game.
Um, I'm missing one of them.
Um, I'm a ghost of Sushi mug won something.
I don't remember what it was, but they won something as well.
So sound design, I think.
Yeah.
So actually do maternal may have been screwed.
I don't think they won anything.
Um, but I, they won a lot of hearts.
Uh, literally they tore lots of hearts out of demons chests and
that's what you do in do maternal.
No.
Uh, but it did seem like there were like, there was a little bit of, uh, Oprah,
you know, you get an award and you get an award, so, you know, I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's, let's talk about some of the big announcements.
I'm sorry.
I went on a little tangent there, but it's, it's a lot of the things that
gamers are talking about this week.
So, but Loki, what were some of the big reveals?
Um, so we saw a gameplay trailer for back for blood, which is the new
Turok game, the folks behind left for dead, it's basically left for
dead without calling it left for dead.
So I was, I know when I saw it, I was like, did Val finally make a game
with three forgetting that the studio, I forgot that whole thing, even though
we talked about it on this show, but we talk about a lot on this show.
So, uh, that way it was, it was nice to see that night.
I know that game will have its fans for sure.
Yeah, there was the, um, dragon combat game, century age of ashes.
They look kind of cool.
A little bit Panzer drag.
I was getting a heavy Panzer dragoon vibe and I was like, Oh, I didn't
think it reminds me a lot of layer though.
I mean, layer is more like kind of like that, but we'll see.
I don't know.
It looked neat from the trailer.
Yeah.
Uh, there was the game season, which was that kind of, uh, foot.
It looked like almost like photographing nature or something
like that, that really style.
Oh yeah.
It was very stylized.
Very good looking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that was cool.
Um, there's a, that was at road 96, that game about hitchhiking.
It looks like, so that was interesting.
Um, a lot of road trip games this year.
Yes.
Uh, speaking of that, there was also open roads, which was a mother
daughter searching for the truth about their deceased grandmother.
Um, so that's kind of it.
Actually, it looks like, so I believe I need a Wiki expert is dark Tetsuya
standing by, didn't we have a dream game called grandma's got a gun or something
like that, that was like one of the older, no, no, no, no, no, no.
So that one was basically a four player, like shooter game that was starring.
I know, but golden girls, but okay.
Yes, that was it.
But okay.
But I still, still, when I saw this trailer, I was like, Oh, they're using
gangster granny as a plot device.
I'm in it and it's by the gone home people.
I'm into this, that look, I, you have my attention.
That was my reaction to that trailer.
You have my attention and some big, Oh, there was some big Hollywood
names in that, right?
Carrie Russell, I think was in that, uh, Felicity.
Yeah.
So it's interesting because, um, you know, there was certainly a big period
of time where Hollywood wasn't making anything because of everything going on.
So I'm sure you had a lot of celebrities that suddenly became, uh, available
for voice acting talent as well.
Not to detract from the many voice actors that we, we love in the gaming
industry, but, uh, there's tons of projects to go around.
That's for sure.
So it's interesting to see some, some big, um, uh, TV and film talent
coming into voice, some games.
And speaking of, uh, talent, uh, we had a, a trailer starring Vin diesel,
which I swear to God that that was going to be another Riddick game,
but it ended up being arc too.
And it's just totally, I was getting to her.
I was like, is it a horizon spinoff?
Like what, because that, that was the big vibe I was getting, but then
when they said it was arc, I was like, oh yeah, like I've played only a
little bit of arc.
I, I find that it doesn't hold your hand very well in the beginning of the game.
I had a hard time following it.
Um, but, uh, I have friends that are really into it.
So, um, and I know the game's doing very well, so it made sense.
Once I heard it was arc, I was like, oh, okay.
I guess it could be that, although none of this is gameplay.
No.
Yeah.
Um, and then they had, uh, another trailer for a cult, the Calisto
project, which is by the folks that did dead space and it looks very dead space.
So, um, violent, nasty, uh, then we've got, uh, a trailer that we had no idea
what it was until the very end.
And it was revealed to be perfect dark.
So they have, oh yeah.
Yeah.
By the initiative, you know, and that rumor has been out for some time.
So it was kind of nice to see that confirmed.
Yeah.
So that was interesting.
Um, predictably master chief coming to Fortnite, they made that announcement.
Um, and then kind of some of the other bigger stuff that they had,
uh, well, the evil dead game.
That's kind of cool, which I totally thought was a dead by
daylight expansion or something.
Yeah, I thought it was as well.
And it's like, oh, that's not a diss.
Uh, that's when Alan's favorite games and I know tons of people are into it, but,
uh, yeah, it looks like, it looks like they're kind of taken maybe that, well,
I shouldn't say taking, cause we don't know how the game plays yet, but that,
uh, aesthetic, I guess for an evil dead game.
Yep.
Um, they had another trailer for fist, which was, uh, it looks like an action
game, starring a robot with a robotic fist, they fights with, um, they have
the new expansion tees for, uh, the yellow scrolls on line, which is gates of
oblivion, and then we've also got, uh, they made, they talk about the season
three of fall guys.
So it's going to be winter theme comes out on the 15th.
So later this week, yeah, a couple of days.
And then of course we talked about returnal.
That was very much like the, uh, you know, it almost looked way PT, but it wasn't.
Um, and then of course, uh, some of the bigger stuff.
So of course we knew that they were going to announce a new smash character.
So Sephiroth was announced as the new smash character and
immediately stabbed Mario.
So that was so dark, but I love that the stat stabbing Mario, but it turned out
once the light kind of went the other way, you saw that the sword was going
through the suspenders kind of like hooking him on it was very, it was very
like, like Disney dark humor was, it was, it was good.
What do you think of Sephiroth as a character being added?
I didn't, that was not one.
I saw a lot of people predicting that kind of came out of left
field, but it works.
It works.
It's fine.
It could have, I don't know, they could have picked a different series.
I'm sorry.
I'm just so happy.
It wasn't a Fortnite, bro.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sorry.
I just, this is kind of one of those.
Like I just, I feel like it's gonna happen.
I don't want to see it happen, but yeah.
Uh, was it, they, they showed off.
Is it okay if I rolled my eyes the entire time?
What, the Sephiroth bit?
Yeah.
I mean, my favorite thing though, was the person who did comparison shots for scenes
from Advent Children and the games.
That actually was really cool.
I mean, they recreated a lot of it and then Dan and I went and
watched Advent Children.
They did, there was one thing they recreated a shot where like he was about
to kill Aerith, but, uh, they use Zelda or something in the shot instead.
And the trailer, it was pretty, pretty, pretty cool how they did that.
It's like, damn, he's thinning out the cast already.
Um, was it, they had the new, uh, airship level showed off for among us and they
kind of showed the new tasks and gameplay with that, so that was kind of cool.
Uh, that'll be coming next year.
Uh, Super Meat Boy Forever, completely forgot about that game.
Yeah.
I thought that was supposed to be out a long time ago, but it
might've been 2020.
Uh, apparently, uh, games pass is going to be getting all of the Yakuza.
So, uh, Yakuza remastered collection three, four and five, and then Yakuza
six is going to be coming as well.
That's all next year, January 28th for the first three and March 25th for number
six, because we're still waiting for some of the final fantasy games they
announced last year, just saying, uh, Evil West, which, um, looked like a
very familiar PlayStation two game that I don't remember what it was called.
Not dark centers, but, um, yeah, they're very similar looking games.
So it's kind of a Western horror game, steampunk Western horror.
So that, that looked kind of neat.
Um, they've got unreal tournament stuff coming into Warframe.
So some different weapons and stuff for that.
And finally, um, there was a course, some teases from Bioware.
So they showed off a teaser trailer for dark or a dragon age four.
Uh, so a cinematic for that.
All right.
Uh, with a solace,
uh, you know, we got to talk about that dark soccer.
You're the Bioware fangirl.
What'd you think of the trailer?
All right.
I mean, it's pretty much what I expected it to be.
It didn't seem like anything too super new.
I mean, from the other stuff that they showed us.
Um, I didn't really expect anything more than just a couple of teases and everyone
who beat dragon Asian acquisition knew that solace was the bad guy.
So, yeah, I wasn't really super impressed.
I was happy to see something, but I've still got a while to go.
I liked the art style a lot now, I guess maybe because I haven't really been
digging up on, I didn't know that that was the direction they were going with it.
But I really liked that kind of like neon medieval look.
It's, it's, it's for, it seems like a different direction for me, like than the
other games, the way that kind of looked, I was maybe it's just because of my love.
It has to do with the setting of the game.
Cause I think it's supposed to be sent, set into vendor, which is like the wizard
big thing.
So, um, so, um, yeah, I, I think that has more to do with where it's located, but I
really do like the stylistic choices, but it also does fit the, the area.
Okay.
So I, I look forward to when we can see some gameplay.
Yeah.
Um, and then last but not least, of course, uh, there was a teaser trailer
for a new Mass Effect game that's going to be, I guess, set after three.
And that was very surprising considering they only really confirmed that they were
working on a new Mass Effect beyond the remaster, but when they announced the
remaster really not that long ago.
Um, and you know, you saw me kind of reacting live to that trailer where I was
like, is that Liara?
Is that Liara?
And it turns out, yes, it was Liara.
And that's one of the characters, if you're not aware from the original trilogy.
So to me, that trailer seemed to be confirming that this new game is in the
same universe, literally, because not as well, there's so much to dive into here,
but it is some sort of continuation, I suppose, or perhaps, um, it could be
prequel could be interlude, but it exists in the shepherd timeline is my point that
it's somewhere it seems to be in there somewhere, although there's been a lot of
lot of people tearing that trailer apart.
Some people seem to think that Liara looks very aged and that it could be some
sort of Liara trying to meet up with the Andromeda storyline, because keep in mind
the Andromeda storyline is 600 years ahead of the ship because of the time it takes
to travel between, uh, the Milky Way and Andromeda.
But, you know, they, they may try to patch that up with, but time travel, but
science.
So we'll see.
And, um, Liara's race, the Asari, they live for like a thousand years, so she could
still be alive over six.
Yeah, over.
So she could still be alive is my point 600 years later.
So there is, so there's a lot of theorizing over that 30 seconds that we saw.
Um, so I don't, I don't want to go too far down that rabbit hole, but it certainly
was exciting to at least know that, okay, this is going to tie into the characters
in the first game, unlike Andromeda, which, you know, there's, there's things I like
about Andromeda, there's things I don't like about Andromeda, but it exists on its
own.
You know, it doesn't it like the shepherd and the callbacks to the original trilogy
are really just like cameos, but this is really something that shows, okay, y'all
wanted something in the trilogy, you know, so, and then of course it leads to the
controversy of, are they going to canonize one of the endings of three?
I don't think it's a big deal if they do, but other people are really, really
passionate on this topic and disagree that they shouldn't be canonizing one of the
endings, but we'll see, they might find a way around it.
Um, uh, Lyla36 in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network says, love
Mass Effect, hopefully it's good.
Uh, yeah, big same.
And my assumption is that, you know, part of the surprise about seeing that teaser
at the Game Awards was I was like, they still haven't given us a date for Dragon
Age.
Like this Mass Effect game is years out.
I'm talking, I would be shocked if this game is out any earlier than 2023.
I'm serious.
I think it's that far out.
It's gotta be, you know, think about how long Andromeda took and all the
announces we got over the years with that.
We may get a few more teases in that remaster.
I think that's what people want to know now is that like, if I go and I beat all
three games in that remaster, am I going to get like a Kingdom Hearts esque kind of
bonus scene that's going to tie into something new?
And I think a lot of people would lose their shit.
Um, but we'll see a lot to be determined.
That's for sure.
So, um, Phoenix 7726 in chat says, wait, Rob, why would they shoot an ending out
of a cannon?
I would hope you all know what I meant.
Um, but that means that obviously you make a big choice at the end of Mass Effect
three on how do you want this story to end?
And, uh, they may end up saying this is the definitive ending.
Now, I would kind of argue that Mass Effect two, you could beat Mass Effect
two and kill Shepard spoiler alert for a 10 year old game plus 10 plus, but you
could beat Mass Effect two and end up not having Shepard live.
And, uh, uh, in that ending, I believe Joker takes over the narration and some
of the, um, follow up and tying up the loose ends.
So in your, uh, Canon ending of Mass Effect two, Joker might've been the last
person standing, but that didn't stop them from saying, nah, but that's like,
it's, um, the endings of clue, but how about this?
That's, that's one way it could have happened.
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
That's exactly how they should start Mass Effect three or sorry, Mass Effect, the
new one, they should start Mass Effect, the new one by recapping the three
endings, uh, clue the movie style.
Absolutely.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, anything else that they announced Loki that we missed?
No, that'd be, that's pretty much it.
Uh, there are some other advertisements, uh, Facebook did a lot of this, like kind
of trying to build Goodwill around, you know, diverse streamers and stuff, but
then like the kind of the reaction with all those, it's like, yeah, that's a
really good video.
Oh, Facebook.
Yeah.
So yeah, that's the only downside of that.
It's like, yeah, thanks that you pointed it out, but nah, not going on your
platform yet.
That was, that was, you know what, it's one of those things where it's like, I
will give a, I will give a singular clap to Facebook gaming.
I will get, I will give one clap to Facebook gaming because I thought that
was very nice that they spent their money on what they did with those ads.
Because, you know, when they started, I was like, oh, I love when the game
awards highlight stuff like this.
This is really cool.
And it's, it's great to see, you know, uh, all sorts of people that are really
enthusiastic about gaming.
And then it comes up with that Facebook gaming logo and you're like, I feel like
I just got just bait and switched.
Um, but I will give them the one clap, uh, polite applause for, for paying for
those spots.
Cause it was nice to see.
So, all right.
Um, otherwise those paid spots sure blend in with the awards a little too well.
Don't they?
Yes.
I liked how, uh, Devolver used theirs.
That was funny to do their own award show within the award show.
That was funny.
Yeah.
That was a very Devolver thing.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's talk about some other things we've done this week besides watching big award
shows and talking about our gaming weeks.
How was your gaming week?
And we'll start with dark Sakura.
It would help if I had muted myself.
Um, it was, it was animal crossing.
I mean, animal crossing and writing fan fiction.
Fun.
So, yeah.
Um, I, in two weeks I have penned 19 chapters of my fanfic.
Oh, wow.
I'm on my 20th, 18 of them have been posted.
So it's supernatural, but if anyone wants to read my writing, um, it is, I'm
actually doing this in part, um, to deal with, I guess kind of how I feel about
the series, but I'm also hashing out some ideas that are going to go into my novel.
So if anyone wants a, a sort of a influential sneak peek on that, let me
know, I will give you a link.
Cool.
But other than that, yeah, it's been lots of, uh, lots of animal crossing
and, uh, um, and, and a little bit of pinball, a little bit of pinball.
Oh, fun.
And I'm still considering getting a ring fit.
I'm thinking about it.
I just don't know if I want to dedicate to it when I've been focusing so much on
weight training instead of the cardio stuff.
So we'll see.
I need to come ding dong ditch you, um, the things so you can try it.
Although there is a part of me that really should pick it back up because
I haven't been getting great exercise throughout this whole thing.
But, um, you know, been trying to, well, yeah, yeah, I've been trying my best to
walking, although there was a few days this week where it didn't happen just due
to it was raining or, you know, too much going, like I had to work and then we
went right into the game awards from work.
And by the time that's over, it's like seven, eight o'clock at
night is too dark to go walk.
And that's the biggest bummer is that it gets dark too damn early now.
It really kind of.
Sucks on the walking front, but Oh, well, you ever considered
doing what Alan's doing?
Um, yes, I considered it.
And then I said, no, uh, when, when Jim, I said I wasn't going to do
it because of my back problems.
When gyms are safe again, I will absolutely cause my work has a nice
little deal with you.
I will absolutely be taking advantage of that.
So that, but that's just going to have to be a 2021 thing.
And as we all know, we, we got to wait for that vaccine to travel.
So my work has a gym, but I've been buying weight equipment to keep it home.
You know, I'm actually borrowing some pretty heavy, uh, free, uh, dumbbells
and I bought a kettlebell and RAR.
Nice.
I was being really good about the gym about, you know, it was last year, but
then everything just started happening where I changed jobs and like everything
happened at once, I kind of fell out of the habit and I needed to get back into it.
Anyway.
All right.
Get you some resistance bands.
Yeah.
Well, that's what ring fit basically is really.
So, all right.
Kind of anyway.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I mean, well, obviously you kind of got into it earlier, but I want to know about
cyberpunk cause I'm, I'm pretty sure dark soccer didn't check it out and I didn't
check it out.
So I got to know your thoughts.
So, yeah, I played, uh, quite a bit of cyberpunk now, so, um, I like it.
I really enjoyed it.
It's a very immersive game.
Um, and I'm, yeah, I'm thoroughly enjoying it.
The storyline's really good and I'm just kind of working through that.
Been trying to do a lot of side quests, but it has like the, the problem that
like, um, Skyrim had where as you are, like you pick a side quest to do it and
you'll get another quest kind of in the middle and then it'll jump to that one.
It'll get, it kept changing my markers, which was kind of annoying.
Um, so Bobby wants to know what system you're doing cyberpunk on a PC.
Okay.
I'm not crazy enough getting a console yet.
Um, no, actually I do want to get it on the Xbox series X at some point, but that
doesn't come out until March.
And from what I hear the console version's a little bit rough, but yeah, I've been
playing on PC, uh, cause I've got a, uh, GTS or I have an RTX, uh, 2070 in my
laptop so I can run, um, you know, some of the Ray Tracy on there.
I think I've been playing a Ray Tracy medium, which is like the ultra, but you
know, kind of a little bit, uh, not super crazy in Ray tracing.
And then I dropped the screen resolution down from 4k to 1440 and I, I mean,
1440 or 1080, I can't remember.
And then also I've been using their, um, DLSS to, uh, up the quality and
get some more frames out of it.
But yeah, it's been running really smooth.
Um, there are bugs, there, there are, there are some weird bugs in the game.
Um, nothing really super game breaking so far.
I've had it crash.
I mean, a few times is the, is the whole penis clipping outside of the jeans thing.
Is that a bug or a feature?
That's, that's the hard question.
That's the hard question I'm asking here.
I know a lot of features are in the eye of the bug holder.
Maybe one where it, it, he's holding something.
I had, I, so I had, um, an issue where my character goes, so it's a,
it's a game about hacking, right?
So what am I going to do to the game?
Of course, I'm going to hack it to try and cheat because that's what I do.
Um, so Eddie Guerrero said you cheat to win.
So I've been messing around with like, you know, uh, cheat editors and
stuff like that to tweak it how I want.
But anyways, so I maxed out, um, some armor on some clothes I had.
Um, some armor on some clothes I had, like your initial starting clothes.
You can do that.
And what happened was is on a reload, like they would refuse to appear.
So like I put the pants and the shirt and stuff on and it would just be invisible.
Um, but it would turn my character into a Ken doll, basically, you know, it just
remove all the genitalia whatsoever.
Um, but then I ended up, I had to wear like a different pair of clothing.
It finally worked and I was able to level that one up.
And then I put a jacket on and everything kind of appeared again, but
I've had other bugs where, um, objects will just like, like my, uh, sidekick.
He was walking through a room and his guns just got stuck in the
middle of the air for some reason.
And so that was weird.
And then there's another one where he had a briefcase and he was holding it
and it also got stuck somewhere.
It just disappeared.
Um, I feel like, okay.
I feel like knowing you low key though, this kind of stuff is almost like a
feature because like, uh, you know, a lot of games are really buggy when they first
came out, like Bethesda games are legendary for this shit, which are three.
I seem to recall was pretty buggy when it came out in the beginning too.
Um, but you love this buggy stuff.
Like driver three was like, you know, a game you played a lot of.
Because of the stupid bugs that were in the game, you know?
So, so it's one of those, he's like, are the, are the, are the bugs really
detracting or are they a feature?
No, it's, it's not really bothering me at all.
There's like, um, if it starts like interfering to the quests and stuff, like
I can't do certain things, like there's some, the, like where they wanted me to
go somewhere and do something.
And it was kind of, I couldn't figure out what it was that they wanted me to do.
So that was kind of annoying.
Some of the way markers that they put in there are confusing as well, because it.
There was one where they wanted me to steal a van and drive it somewhere.
So I, I stole it and I drove through the marker, but what they really wanted me
to do was go past the marker into this, like, uh, warehouse type thing.
And then a new marker would appear, which didn't make any sense.
They should just have the final destination as the marker.
Because I tried to park on the marker instead and I'm like, okay, well,
I'm on this marker, I don't know what it wants me to do.
It's not disappearing.
It's not seeing them getting anywhere.
So I kind of figured I'm like, Oh, they probably want me to drive into this,
like, um, you know, fenced off area.
So, okay, I'll do that.
So I was sure I drove past it and then it finally let, you know, it put
the next marker up and stuff, but it was just a little weird.
It was a little awkward.
Um, I'm trying to think if there's like, I know there was something I saw
that I, I was like, well, that's weird.
Um, Oh yeah.
Well, I don't want to spoil it, but, um, one there's, there's a main
character that dies in the game.
At some point.
And so he, you, you take what he dies when you're with him in a car.
And then, so I got done with this other portion of the game or I
reloaded a save or something.
And his corpse was like bouncing on top of the car.
Like it was clipping through the car and it was just like, he's bouncing.
He was bouncing on the, on the roof of the car.
And I'm like, I don't think that's supposed to be doing that.
The wonderful thing about corpses is corpses are wonderful things.
So that was kind of funny.
Um, what other stuff do they have?
It's kind of funny in there.
So, um, I don't know.
I mean, like it's a, just like the whole city is so packed full of detail, but
because it's like a sprawling metropolis, that's like futuristic, all the roads,
like twist around, so like I may have a way point, that's just like a little
bit away on my map, but I got to drive way the other side of town and then
make a U-turn and come back to hit the road, be able to get up to that spot.
But I mean, minor gripes aside though, it's just, it's such a gorgeous game.
Like it really is.
I get it.
And you know, the, the console versions right now are a little bit rough, but
like, Oh man, on PC, it looks so gorgeous.
So I am really enjoying it despite the bugs.
Um, well, we'll talk more about some of those internet reactions and just a
little bit here when we finish our gaming weeks, but, um, yeah.
Yeah.
Anything else to share with your gaming week?
Oh yeah, yeah, sorry.
Um, so a few other things I did play some more Minecraft.
Um, so there'll be something we'll be talking about a little bit later about
Minecraft that, um, I got to check out this week.
I also, so my son was building a castle and so that led me to go want to check
out the old bog Minecraft server.
So I had downloaded a copy of that.
Like I kept backups of it.
Sure.
So from the Java version, I tried to reload it.
It's I mean, it's from like one 1.08 and we have like, I think we're up to one 16
now and I tried loading it in that new Java version and they loads, but
everything is broken, like all of the redstone and stuff's broken.
And also like it wouldn't load in further chunks out of,
outside the initial area.
So I don't know if I did, I'm sure I did something wrong importing it.
Cause the save files aren't even the same format anymore.
Um, so, but I at least got the show, I'm kind of some of the stuff that, you
know, everybody created and everything.
So that's cool.
Um, and then what else I do, um, more Orna.
I did play some of that.
Um, I talked a little bit about it last week, how I was trying to get, um,
the emulators onto my Xbox series X.
So I was able to get the developer of that to whitelist my account.
So I did get them downloaded the retail versions of those.
So now I can actually run emulators on, um, my Xbox series X without having to go
into developer mode, which is kind of cool.
Um, so I helped to play around with that at some point, but I haven't got a chance
to, but I'm very excited about that because I can put even like Wii games
on there and stuff, uh, GameCube games around on it.
I mean, it's going to be pretty crazy.
Um, so we'll play with that a little bit later, but, and then, like I said,
I did work a little bit on my game, but not a ton, I will probably work on it
more this week though, because I do want to, uh, put some more progress in it.
We, I, we were discussing the new level ideas.
So one of the things that did come up was a cyber poop 2077.
We have to do like a cyberpunk level or something.
I appreciate that very much.
Um, so, so we may have to do that.
Um, so that might be something that's coming.
All right.
Nice little tease there.
Uh, I like that.
Are you going to emulate your game on an Xbox series X?
Um, if it'll run.
So like I had, it depends on what I ended up doing.
So if I don't do animated tiles, which, uh, and I don't do any sort of like.
Data saving.
So I don't have like a high score table that saves.
I can change it from a mapper 30 to a mapper two, which is more
compatible with emulators.
A mapper 30 is really only pop or compatible with a few different types
of emulators because it's relatively new.
So like probably messin or FC UX, I think.
Um, I don't know.
I had to check and see what, what it'll work with, but there there's
way this, the converted, if I don't use certain features, I can't wait
to steal your game and emulate it.
Well, I mean, it's emulating right now, so you can definitely do it with messin.
I mean, that's what's what's showing on screen, but, um, but yeah.
Eventually.
All right.
All right.
Eventually someday we'll find my cart on one of those Chinese bootleg things.
I'll see you in the video.
One example, what's this pixel poops game.
This is weird, stupid.
All right.
So some Joe Schmoe YouTube video going the 10 stupidest NES games ever made.
All right.
Uh, anyway, uh, my gaming week.
So, um, I've been playing a variety of stuff continuing on dragon quest 11,
uh, definitive edition on Xbox series X.
I was talking about that last week.
I'm definitely way past the point I was on PlayStation four.
I'm just about to the 20 hour mark in the game.
Um, I just, um, how do I say this spoiler free?
I just fought a giant spider as a boss in a cave that was underground, a city that
had, so I'll just say that to keep it very vague, that is where I'm at in the game.
So I feel like I'm a decent chunk of the game into it.
Um, and, uh, I went back cause I was finding some of those little, um, what
are the little toggles I think they're called, I forget their name, but that
opens up the whole thing that was in the 3DS version of the game, the ticker tin.
I'm probably missing up the name, but I went back and did some of that too.
Cause that was kind of interesting.
And it's, I didn't realize that they all kind of played into each other.
Like you might have to get an item for one, like for dragon quest threes,
little flashback from dragon quest nine flashbacks.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
So, um, yeah, that was, uh, my experience with dragon quest 11.
Still been playing that.
Um, continuing on with, you know, Pokemon go the usual, I got 15
Chinese over the weekend cause they had the big community day.
Kind of best of was this weekend.
And so I played a lot yesterday.
I was only able to play for a little bit today, but I did some
driving around and Bluetooth catching.
I did all Bluetooth catching and that went pretty well.
Um, and then other games, one other game that I checked out this week, that's,
uh, for me is a little bit newer.
Uh, last week we were talking about that the game destiny two was going to be
getting its Xbox series S and X upgrade.
Week.
And I believe it got its PlayStation five upgrade as well.
And so I, uh, went in and I downloaded it.
Um, after the, you know, a patch came out for next gen and I was
checking it out a little bit, you know, and I haven't played it in a while.
I played it briefly when stadia had it.
Uh, well, it still has it, but when I had stadia, which was when, you know,
when Bobby gave me that pass really early on was probably the last time I played
maybe like 20 minutes of, of destiny two.
Um, but the last time I really, really played it was like when it first came out.
So it's interesting to me to see all the changes, because one thing I did notice
right away was that kind of the whole opening of the game is, is different than
what it used to be.
I, I think it was, they used a map that they were still using about two years
ago, but they do it differently so that you don't just go right to the big city.
That was something I noticed was that in the original, you kind of went right to
the big city and you're almost overwhelmed with things to do in this one.
You kind of stick to that first little map and you start to learn more about
like doing quests and bounties and things within that map.
And I thought it was interesting.
And, um, honestly, the, uh, other, uh, uh, thing with destiny on Xbox series X.
It's gorgeous.
It's really, really good looking, uh, and smooth.
And I know that I'm terrible at first person shooters, but I
know that's important.
Um, I w I'm very pleased.
I sometimes see just the tiniest bit of texture pop in, but like I have to be on a
vehicle and I have to be kind of looking for it, uh, in order to, to see that.
Otherwise I think the game runs really smooth and it's, uh, you know, again,
considering it's all on game pass.
Um, well, I think the game is a free to play thing anyway, at this point.
Um, so you can get most of it for free.
I know that beyond light expansion, I think is where they're trying to charge
people right now.
Um, and I don't think that one is free on game pass.
I think everything else is, um, but you know, that's still, it's still a good
chunk of stuff to experience and, um, yeah, I'm, I'm into it.
I think it's pretty neat.
So, um, Questbuster in chat says I should reload destiny two to see
what's changed one of these days.
Well, apparently they got rid of a bunch of maps.
Um, so that's interesting in and of itself as well, or they archive them,
they sent them to the vault.
Um, so maybe they'll come back, uh, for special events or something later.
So, all right.
So yeah, that was my gaming week.
I played a surprising amount of destiny too.
Amongst my dragon quest 11.
Oh yeah.
Final Fantasy 14 got the big story patch.
So I was playing that as well, but that's a given.
When haven't I talked about that game in a week?
I play that game way too much.
All right.
Oh, black compat is correcting me in chat saying beyond light is on game pass two.
I did not realize that.
I thought that was something extra you had to buy.
I stand corrected.
That's part of why we have a live chat.
So that's kind of neat that you get the newest expansion through game pass.
Huh?
Obviously I haven't gotten that far in the game yet.
Uh, to where I know, cause I think now you don't just have light, you have dark.
I think that's the big twist, but I don't, I'm not far enough.
I've, I'm still like basically in the tutorial for God's sake.
Um, I've done some things like I, I was, I've gone to like three
different areas on that map.
So I think I've almost explored that whole map by now.
So yeah.
Uh, quest buster in chat says the new classes are so fun.
I've heard.
Um, I mained a warlock, which is what I'm playing too.
So the stasis class was added for those and I'm curious to see what it's
like, but it's not a free edition.
Well, it sounds like they might have some, uh, stuff on game pass.
They're worth checking out if you're an Xbox person, um, or a PC person.
I don't remember if that whole thing is on PC as well, but yeah, it's,
it runs great on, on series X.
All right.
That's it for my gaming week.
Let's get into some gaming news and for the gaming news this week, we
have to go right back to cyberpunk because it's what lots of people
are talking about, right?
Yep.
It's what, what everyone's talking about.
Well, no, it's not just that it's, it's a little bit buggy.
Um, or a lot buggy.
It's also that it's breaking records.
So it's, uh, breaking the steam records with over 1 million concurrent
players, um, during launch week.
So peeking out at 1 million, 300 thousand, 264 players.
And, uh, previously, apparently the record was, um, held by fallout
four, which was 472,962.
Wow.
That's quite a difference.
Quite a difference.
Yeah.
And I want to say sales wise too.
It's, it's doing really well.
Um, and I want to say I prior to that, the record was actually, I think the
last, um, work world of Warcraft expansion, that Warcraft expansion
had the record for like a week and then cyberpunk came in and took it.
And so that kind of begs the question, how much of this is the pandemic
coming into play and people that are, you know, listening when the folks
say stay at home and so they're staying at home playing video games.
And I think, I think as far as like the steam concurrent players thing, I
think the pandemic plays into that a lot.
And that's not to knock the game success.
Uh, again, I haven't played it.
I have no opinion, but, um, I, I think that part of it certainly
helps, you know, especially when you look at the, the, such that you
had 470,000 was the old record.
And now it's a million.
That's a huge difference.
And I think the pandemic plays into that a bit.
And of course the hype for cyber, it probably would have shattered
the record anyway, but to shatter it that much, I guess that's my real
point to shatter it that much is certainly part of the pandemic.
Well, and I'm curious as though what the launch stuff is.
Cause I, I want to say probably all games across the board and
steam are probably much higher than they were, you know, at launch before.
I don't know if this is necessarily like launch week stuff, or if it's just
in total, like this is the highest peak.
Cause I got to imagine like among us right now is probably pretty high as well.
Sure.
Um, I'd be curious to see if like that, if they're talking about like
launch week, the numbers on that.
Um, so kind of along with that, you know, one thing that's been an
industry trend is basing a lot of their, uh, developer bonuses off of
Metacritic scores and being that it's been kind of, you know, rough
around the edges coming out, you know, that could obviously impact scores.
Well, apparently, uh, CJ product red, um, exclusive or executives have said
that, um, they take full, um, responsibility for the, uh, complexity of
the game or the, uh, you know, the shortcomings basically, and saying
that developers are going to be getting, you know, their full bonus.
No matter how it reviews, uh, which is really what they should
be doing in the first place.
Um, also we talked about last week, how there was some issues with epilepsy.
Um, you know, no warnings that whatsoever in the game, um, but now
they do have a warning that comes up in the beginning of the game.
And it says the effect has also been smooth out and the flashes, um,
reduced in frequency and magnitude.
I didn't notice any flashing in the game.
Um, I'm assuming maybe because they patched this stuff out, but, uh, yeah,
they patched it out like two days ago, I think, and the original really hurting
people, yeah, Bob, Bobby goes into detail somewhat on his show.
He does not have the condition that causes seizures, but he has a
different neurological condition and he talks about on his show.
So a cheap plug for Bobby Blackwell show, but he kind of talked about how
he was watching a Twitch play through and had to basically go lie down for
a little bit because that sequence came up, uh, on the launch day or the
day after and it kinda, you know, it's, it's, it's set off that whole,
uh, chain of events there.
So, um, yeah, that was a real kinda.
How in the heck did you manage to do something so stupid, but at least they
patched it out and they were the gal who reported it on Twitter and her
tweet got all the traction she didn't.
She kind of like, I don't want to say she helped them, but basically she
kind of like, she gave her seal of they fixed it, like she gave her yay.
I'm so happy.
My feedback, uh, helped to fix this whole thing, right?
Yeah.
Well, there's actually one of the journalists that was, thank you.
Bobby says she did help them.
I suffered a seizure from it.
So, um, yeah, it's good that they fixed that.
And some other stuff they also fixed as well, because they didn't patch you
in our regular basis, they're already up to a 1.04.
So they've done a few patches since launch.
Um, they also added that additional, uh, song that was causing DMCA strikes.
By the way, uh, a side note here, um, during the game awards, lots of DM,
lots of, uh, copyrighted music.
Still haven't heard anything about people getting DMCA strikes from the game awards,
especially doing co-streaming, but I'd be curious to see what happens
to later with that, uh, quite live question for, okay.
Bobby says we haven't got struck yet from the co-stream.
I know that cause I would have seen that email too, but did, did we
archive our Thursday stream because part of me was wondering if maybe we
hesitated doing that because I'm the slowest person in the world at archiving
a well are I'd lose episodes.
If Bobby wasn't poking me on Sunday saying, don't forget, save
the archive, you're going to lose it.
I did.
We not archive Thursday's thing because that might actually be because I don't
think a lot of clips were made.
So we may not get DMCA'd if it wasn't our, okay.
Bobby says it's there.
And then, so we'll find out Bobby was seeing with the, uh, calibrating
their brain dance machines.
So yeah, they, they take out, they've taken out the flashing lights.
It's definitely, you know, here's a light on here.
Here's a light on here.
And then they both go on and fades the white.
Um, not really.
It's not flashing so that that's good.
Um, so that's been taken out of the game.
Um, and of course, you know, some other fun, uh, glitches
that people are running into.
So there is a glitch right now where, um, Apparently people's genitals in the
game are popping through their pants.
It's clipping through their clothing, which is kind of weird.
Um, weird or fun, whatever the case may be.
I was like, it's Eric Andre mode.
Um, so I've seen the pictures from Dory alley that, that, that does happen.
And it's not, it's not just, um, the males having that problem too.
Uh, apparently women are also having some of their body parts, uh, as well.
So, you know, it's, it's fun.
Um, I can't believe you made a Doria Ali reference.
I think that's the first, how long, how long?
I don't know if anyone else though.
I don't know if people in other parts of the country know what Doria Ali is.
It's, it's a, it's, it's a festival in San Francisco, and that's probably
all I need to say about it in regards to that joke for people to get it.
Yes.
Um, also apparently I know Sony is issuing refunds for cyberpunk if people
are requesting them because of the issues they've been having with the
game on like PlayStation four, especially how it looks.
So that may be something, if folks are interested, honestly, I would say,
especially if you have a PlayStation five or Xbox series X best, if you, if
you can just wait until, um, it comes out, you know, specifically for those
versions in March, otherwise, I mean, I think it looks okay.
I haven't played it on console yet.
I was planning on getting on my Xbox at some point, probably not a huge
hurry because I have it on PC.
But at some point I probably will get it on there as well.
Um, but definitely if you can do it on PC, that's probably the platform
you want to be on because there's a lot of flexibility with game performance
on there, so you can kind of, you can really tweak that to however you want.
Um, I'm taking the Allen approach to this whole thing.
And, and my, my husband, when it comes to things like cyberpunk is very like,
you know, I will play it in two years after the game of the year edition is
out after all the mods are out and after, you know, everything is like, it's done.
It's a 100%.
They're not doing anything else for the game and the modding communities on fire.
That is when I'll step in and play cyberpunk.
And I think in this case, I'm kinda, I'm kinda right there too.
Um, I'm curious about it, but just right now there's this, the gaming backlog
struggle is real, there's so much to play.
I just, I, I'm, I'm not going to get around to that one anytime soon.
I'm really not.
Okay.
Yeah.
So that's all the fun stuff with cyberpunk.
I'm sure we'll find some more crazy things.
I also saw some, um, some funny glitches where, uh, certain NPC
characters would follow you no matter where you went in the game, which was
also funny, so they had like this like creepy weird guy that was following you
around.
Um, looking at some comments in chat, uh, code man in chat says, hi, code man.
It's been a while, uh, says, apparently I read an article where they didn't,
uh, accolades, I think, I think he wanted to use another word there and voice to
text messed him up, uh, maybe, uh, accommodate, uh, VRAM correctly.
And that's one of the reasons why it's buggy on PC.
I think they could have delayed this game another six months.
I think he means allocate.
That's it.
Allocate.
Thank you.
Um, and I think they could have delayed this game another six months.
And it probably wouldn't have fixed all the bugs, especially on the older
consoles, doing a pretty good job of like, you know, going through it and patching
stuff.
So I don't know.
Black ink.
It's not so bad.
Uh, black and Pat in our chat room says I'm playing it on my series X in
performance mode and so far so good.
It are pretty, uh, and I'm not surprised to hear that because you know, the series
X is basically like a, a real high end PC.
It's a dedicated, you know, gaming machine.
And I would, I would, especially after my experience with destiny this week, I would
expect that it runs like butter on the series X and PlayStation five, I'm sure as
well, which I have yet to see.
So, all right.
Any other cyberpunk notes for this week?
I'm sure there'll be more.
Uh, that's it.
All right.
Well, one other place that people are playing cyberpunk, um, where apparently
it's a pretty good experience and, you know, uh, despite all the, um, criticisms,
I think that have been levied at Google stadia, uh, the people that have decided
to play cyberpunk on Google stadia are having a pretty good time, um, assuming,
you know, they have the bandwidth to do it because all that cloud, uh, power and
everything that goes, it's, it's, it's different, you know, there, everything is
running pretty smooth on that end on stadia.
So that's kind of interesting that with cyberpunk being so buggy on PlayStation
four and, uh, you know, the original X-Box one and all this, it's almost like
it's, this is stadia's best kind of limelight right now for their, what
they're trying to do, like, well, you see how this game doesn't mishmash well
on all these other platforms.
It runs great on ours and you don't have to buy a $500 box to do it because, you
know, one could argue that series X and PlayStation five are fine as well, or a
high end PC, but here's where stadia, uh, can probably make its best argument yet.
Um, However, of course that all still comes down to the question about, do you
have the bandwidth for it, which is, you know, but that's a whole, whole other
thing.
You got to figure out what works for you.
Um, however, eight more European countries now have access to Google stadia,
including Poland, uh, which is important, you know, considering cyberpunk 2077 and
where it was made, uh, but also Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, uh,
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, and Switzerland now all have access to Google
stadia.
So that all just rolled out within this last week.
Um, and of course you can play things like cyberpunk, Assassin's Creed, Valhalla,
Marvel's Avengers, uh, and so forth.
Um, something else of note with Google stadia this week is that the use YouTube
live streaming actually rolled out this week just in time for cyberpunk.
I think they knew that that would be kind of a big deal.
So I remember they teased that early on and then it wasn't really in the pro to
begin with.
Well, now you can actually go, uh, YouTube streaming.
Uh, it appears to be rolling out and it's now on the service and you can either
stream directly to YouTube or you can use a streaming software to do it.
Although it still kind of pushes you to YouTube for obvious reasons, cause both
are in the Google universe.
Um, so you, you know, you have to still set things like, is it kid appropriate?
Uh, there's optional features like crowd choice and crowd play.
Uh, you can also pick your audio options.
Do you want to stream YouTube and game chat, YouTube only party chat or nobody
and just have the game audio going there?
Um, so kind of interesting that, uh, that all rolled out just in time for cyberpunk.
I have yet to see any streams myself that are using it.
Um, but I think that's, I think that's.
Again, you know, I've been awfully critical of Google stadia here on the
show, but I th this week and everything that's happened with cyberpunk has really
given Google an opportunity to say, aha, here's why you need us.
And now maybe they can run with that a little bit and injecting new features
like the YouTube thing is a, is a decent way to do it and keep people
talking about the platform.
So we'll see what develops again.
I still think the bandwidth issue they're going to have to, especially
with Comcast expanding their caps, but we'll see, we'll see.
So, all right.
Uh, moving on dark soccer.
I know that you said caps, but my brain translated it to cats and I
I'm thinking of expanding cats.
And I don't know that that kind of makes me think of the game where you
have like cats that blow up, like the aunt and the Harry Potter movie.
And you have to pilot them like across the ocean or something
without, you know, deflating your cat.
There was that cat game we saw on the PlayStation five reveal.
We haven't heard anything on that in a little while.
And I don't think it's exclusive.
I think my cat game sounds better.
You know, your cat game sounds pretty rad.
All right, moving on.
I'm going to call it ever expanding cats.
There we go.
Anyway, well, I'm sure we're all familiar with bad robot studio, right?
Um, well there is bad robots game studios, which is JJ Abrams company.
Um, but they got, uh, valves, uh, Michael booth to, uh, to join in.
Um, and he's leading, uh, bad robot games through its first development cycle.
So, um, he's going to serve as the creative director, um, and jumping
into the video game development.
Actually it started the gaming dev, uh, division in 2018 and
he's got a pretty good repertoire.
I mean, just a lot of stuff under his belt.
Um, uh, lead creator for left for dead team fortress to command and conquer
generals, uh, some of the counter-strike games, um, and he's been at blizzard,
uh, EA, uh, I mean, that was a command and conquer red alert two and knocks.
And social VR director at Facebook.
Um, but I mean, the thing with bad robot games is that if those licenses carry
over for what they did for some of the, the movies we've got then the newer
star Trek films, uh, star Wars rise of the rise of the Skywalker Cloverfield.
Um, and it could be very possible.
Those licenses could expand into video games to have them do the development.
So, I mean, it's just a little bit of a musing there on my part, but,
um, and I think it's going to be, um, be interesting and also, um, the CEO,
uh, who was recently appointed name is Anna Sweet, um, and she was saying
basically that their goal, and I'm going to quote here is to focus on cross
medium world building in order to create games and step with Abrams
television and film projects.
So I'm really looking forward to seeing what comes of the studio.
I actually have a lot of hope for it.
Um, and as far as, um, they are working on a project right now that has just
been titled triple a title for PC slash console that is designed to immerse
both players and streaming audiences into a co-op cinematic experience.
Okay.
My money, my money's on Cloverfield and that franchise.
Um, but that's, that's just what my gut says.
Cause it's not going to be something like star Trek cause that has too many
other, so it's gotta be something a little more original and cooked up from
the Abrams and so I Cloverfield would make a lot of sense in that whole thing.
And, you know, of course you're going to have a lens flare mode.
If it's going to be a star Trek, I was going to say like with the Ray tracing
powers of these new consoles, you know, I, this is going to be great for the,
uh, lens flares that the bad robots games are sure to have Abrams loves his lens
flare, but you know, you know, actually what I'm hoping for though is it would
be cool if the game is released, that's got a cinematic style that mimics,
uh, certain cameras and film, because I mean, one of the things that they, he
was, it was specifically when they were shooting, um, the, the star Trek movies
is that, uh, he was using, I think it was like an older style of camera and, uh,
actually using film just to catch those, those effects, I have to go back and look
for it, but I know it had something to do with the, um, with a specific lens
used on it.
So I thought it was really cool.
And I was actually, uh, joking about the lens flare thing, Bobby.
Well, let me read Bobby's comment.
Cause, uh, Abrams no longer loves his lens flares.
Uh, his wife pointed out how bad they were in the second star Trek movie.
And he was like, holy shit, you're right.
So Gigi lens flare.
Yeah.
We'll get a sequel to super eight.
Remember they did the thing in, um, source engine for super eight back when
that came out, super eight was such a good movie too.
I think that would be awesome, but yeah, unfortunately, it didn't really tie in
with, um, I was hoping that that movie would tie in with Cloverfield, but I
don't think it did.
No, it didn't.
A lot of weird Cloverfield spinoffs that I haven't watched.
There was a, yeah, there was the, I've never actually seen any of the
Cloverfield at all.
I saw the first one and it was interesting.
Yeah.
The Cloverfield, uh, paradox and then 10 Cloverfield lane and yeah.
Yeah.
I heard that.
I heard that 10 Cloverfield lane is pretty, because John Goodman's in that
one and everybody was saying he got robbed, not getting an Oscar nomination
for it, which is weird to think of Oscar and Cloverfield, but good
acting is good acting, right?
Yeah.
Like, I don't know, maybe when I get back on to this, that kind of movie kick.
To this day, Joan Cusack deserved a Oscar nomination for Adam's Family
Values.
I don't give a shit what you have to say.
She was actually perfect.
She elevates, she, she made that movie about a character that
wasn't just the Adams family.
Sorry.
I just, I need a whole podcast to talk about Joan Cusack.
What, what?
We need to have a Joan Cusack double feature where we watch, uh,
Adam's Family Values and toys.
Oh, sure.
I love toys, toys in years.
And that was my Christmas movie right there.
Wasn't that Tori Amos that did the soundtrack?
I love it.
I love that.
It's like the title song they have.
I don't think it was Tori Amos.
I think it was, um, it was someone along those lines.
And for the life of me, I can't remember one of those piano divas.
Yeah, but not like Kate Bush.
She doesn't do anything.
Um, Kate, Kate Bush does, does her own.
Kate Bush does things when she damn well feels like it.
And you will respect that fucking Kate Bush.
That's right.
She's running up that Hill still for the record.
I love Kate Bush.
Like she's like when she puts out a record, like stop everything and do it.
All right.
Another, another artist I really like that might surprise you, who I was just,
I was just thinking the other day, dark cycle, maybe you can guess this one.
I was just thinking the other day, this artist hasn't released
anything in, in several years.
Tori Amos, by the way, that did that one song.
What is it?
I was right.
The happy worker.
Um, and yeah, and yeah, dark soccer wins and you was in it.
And so is grace Jones.
Really?
No, but any of us, the artists I was thinking of, like where the hell she been?
She's she's tied up in her castle with her cats.
So jealous of her life.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's like our sister better.
All right, let's move on.
Sorry.
Uh, we've, we've diverted the show into Kate Bush and Enya talk.
Not divert quick next story.
So I know one of the things that was missing at launch for the Xbox series S
and X is some solid Microsoft, uh, first party games well, unfortunately,
2021 doesn't appear to be much of, there's not much of that either.
So apparently, uh, we don't really know of any first party games that
are going to be coming in 2021.
Cause the release calendar doesn't include, um, that many.
So.
Halo infinite, uh, was definitely something that I know that was slated
for next year, although I'm not sure.
I mean, it may be holiday.
Uh, Psychonauts two is also supposed to be coming as well.
I'm surprised though, like with all the third party or all those, um, first
party companies that they have that there's not something else that's coming
out, but right now we don't know of a whole lot else that's, um, coming out.
I know echo generation, something that's supposed to be on its way.
The gunk, uh, the medium, but I don't think we have definitive dates
on a lot of that stuff as well.
So it's interesting not having like a Microsoft title, like coming very soon.
Yeah.
Especially with, um, Halo getting pushed all the way back to fall,
which, um, I think came up this week.
Um, and, uh, you know, but again, take the time to get it right.
And if Halo was really, you know, having some issues behind the scenes,
I, again, playing destiny two with all its upgrades and everything kind of
showed me like just how good a Halo game on Xbox series X can be.
So I'm kind of glad they're going to, uh, have it spend a
little more time in the oven.
Um, but I'm not, I don't know.
It's, I can't sit here and go, there's nothing to play on my Xbox series X.
Like I'm not, I'm not feeling that way really.
And you know, I don't know, maybe the game releases are going to be a
little dry early next year, but I feel like what Sony got, like what's Nintendo got.
We don't, I think there's a lot of stuff that have really slowed
down because of the pandemic.
Sure.
That's cause there's going to be, and I'm sure you guys are
already shouting them out in chat.
Well, there's this game, there's this game.
Yes.
There's going to be a few big ones here and there.
But I, I, I think Microsoft being without first party for a few months
is not the end of the world, as long as they can keep the steady stream
of releases somehow, uh, as long as they can keep game pass exciting, uh, by
adding new things here and there.
Cause you know, most of the Xbox people have game pass at this point anyway.
Um, and so on, I, I kind of feel like it's going to be fine.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure they're going to do fine with games pass.
Uh, I just would like to know when some of these games are coming out, especially
since we've had a lot of stuff teased, especially during E3 time, uh, this year,
you know, they kind of teased a lot of different games that are coming, but.
I know a lot of those aren't probably even going to make it in 2021.
So it'd be curious to see the, what actually is coming out.
And I'm sure that we'll get more and more of these release
announcements and stuff coming.
Um, I also wish I knew what Nintendo had aside from rereleases of old games.
It'd be kind of interesting to hear some more about the next, you know,
breath of the wild game or something.
Um, we'll just have to wait and see, I guess.
Yeah, we don't really know much outside of the, uh, super Mario, uh, 3d lands
that's, you know, coming out.
So I'm expecting we should be getting a direct probably January or February,
which if they wanted to reveal a switch pro would be a good time to do it.
Um, you know, obviously we talked about this last week and I had that fan wank
scenario of, well, could they do a, um, reveal at the game awards?
You brought up a really good counterpoint.
They're not going to do that right before Christmas when they're trying to sell
switches after Christmas fair game.
I think they won't announce anything like that until, um, March until March 31st.
I don't think we're going to hear anything from a new switch system.
And if anything, I would see them not releasing it during holiday.
I could even see them release it during the summer.
Yeah.
Um, I don't think it necessarily needs to be in March or even around Christmas time.
Um, it doesn't matter anyways, no one's going to get one because they can't get
their supply chain figured out, however many decades into this we've been.
They really should try to figure out how they're going to get that out by next
summer or, you know, next fall, because I think you're going to see society, you
know, as the coronavirus vaccine starts to get more and more out there and, you
know, things start to, you know, get a little, we get, we have big in person,
in person gatherings again, we are able to travel again.
It's obviously, it's not going to happen overnight.
You know, I am being a realist here, but I think you are going to see a big push
in society.
Like there's going to be lots of people that are like, I want to take that
vacation.
I've been waiting a year and a half to do, or I want to go on this big trip or the,
and I feel like having a switch come out for that type of stuff is going to be
like when, when people get moving again and you know, the, the whole country
starts to get back to some semblance of normal, even if that normal now has
tweaks through these things, like, you know, working from home and masks and so
forth, I think you're going to see a big, I think it would be smart of Nintendo
too, even if they are a Japanese company, but I don't necessarily think, you
know, even though Japan has handled the situation very differently, I don't
think it's necessarily unfair to say that, you know, they wouldn't have a big
push to, you know, getting back to the way things were in summer and fall as
well.
And having the switch there would be pretty amazing, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, wait and see, they're on, they're on time table.
So we'll have to figure out what they're planning on doing.
SSU 100 Matt in chat says, I hope the national parks get some love again.
I'm sure they will.
You know, if you're looking at doing any travel in 2021, like I know it's
weird, but you want to, you want to try to put that on the calendar sooner
rather than later, because I'm going to tell you, these companies have lost
a lot of money and they're going to be trying to make it up when everybody
wants to travel again, it's going to cost money.
So, uh, like I already booked my DragonCon 2021 ticket because, you know, I can
refund it if the refund policy allows me to, if we're not able, you know, if
Labor Day isn't enough time or, you know, DragonCon is too big of a gathering,
then, okay, then I will refund it and roll it over to 2022, but I wanted to
lock it in now because I expect those prices to go up when, you know, people
are able to get out and do stuff again.
You should have let me know so we could fly together.
Uh, I, I had to use credit from last time, but I'll give you the info on what it is.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see.
I mean, I, um, but I do, I do very much want to go to DragonCon this year.
Cause I've already sworn not to go to RuPaul's DragCon again, because of just
some of their shit and a lot of the shit that Ru is doing, but I, I really,
really want to go to, to DragonCon.
And my thing about that is that afterwards I actually want to just
rent a car and drive back to Alabama to visit my family.
Oh, that's clever.
You should.
That'd be cool.
I mean, it's from Atlanta to Mobile.
I want to say it's about six hours.
I know it's about four to Dothan.
That's about as far as it was for, um, when I went from X first place
in Cary, North Carolina, it was about a six hour drive, so yeah.
I think I'd be closer to, um, yeah, that actually, yeah, that's about right.
That's about right.
Yeah.
Um, although a part of me also wants to go to Augusta to visit my grandmother's
cousins, who I haven't seen since I was little, um, and Bob Coffey in chat
says, I don't see cons being a thing until late 2021 at best.
It depends on how well the adults who are taking over our federal
government, January 20th can reign in the crazy and actually get some things done.
Yeah.
I mean, I realize I'm being optimistic.
Um, but I, I, if I don't have optimism about the future, like then I just.
Well, I have to have something to look forward to damn it.
So, you know, but I full well aware in the back of my mind, it may not happen
again or DragonCon, maybe a smaller affair this year, they may do something
where they actually cap attendance at a certain number or something.
I don't know.
I have nothing.
I, I'm just saying there's a lot of things that could happen.
We won't know until we know.
So as, as has been the, the theme of this year.
All right.
Anyway, um, let's move on.
Shall we speak?
Well, actually, you know what, even though we tangented, it ties
right into this next story.
So that's, that's a first.
Our tangent was a transition.
Uh, Epic has no plans to do in-person tournaments for the game Fortnite in 2021.
So, you know, uh, as was mentioned by the chatter there, they don't see,
uh, real life events coming back until at least late 2021.
And even though last week we were talking about Penny arcade, trying to
expo, trying to be on the hopeful side of things and scheduling out events
for the 2021 year, uh, Epic is taking a different approach.
The 2021 Fortnite world cup, uh, will not be held in person.
Uh, the Fortnite champions champion series will be the focus for 2021 as the.
Constant measure of success in the, uh, landscape of competition for Fortnite.
And they're hoping that physical attorneys will return at some point in the future.
Uh, it should be noted.
This could be part of the fact that the season was going to begin on February 4th.
So it was going to be a little early, but they did just decide to do
a way with, you know, all of it.
Um, it should be noted that other big events, such as Dota two's, the
international is still on the table for 2021, um, but we don't know yet.
Uh, you know, again, and as a lot of you has said, we just have to see how this
whole rollout goes with vaccines and does it give society herd immunity or,
you know, what's going to happen with it.
So, uh, we shall see.
I, I know as soon as they'll let me get it, I'll be getting it because
I want to see people again, damn it.
So, and obviously you have to get it and then you have to wait.
This is not a, it's not a switch that happens overnight.
So, cause you have to get one, then you get the other, then you still have
to wait like two or three weeks or maybe even a month to build up the antibodies.
So, all right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on with our next story, Dark Sakura.
Well, you know, it's funny, we talked about Abrams before and he did, you
know, the star Wars movies, I guess we're kind of rolling back maybe a little bit,
but honestly, um, I'm actually really excited about this movie coming out
because I want to see what Patty Jenkins does with it and that star Wars, rogue
squadron, and it must be said because I've seen this come up in, in my social
media several times, but I want to point out then that star Wars rogue squadron.
Is not going to be based off of the games.
Um, it is not an adaptation and I've seen, I've actually seen people start
saying, Oh, it's going to be an adaptation, blah, blah, blah, but no.
Um, she did, however, say that, um, you know, Jenkins said it was going to be
an original story, but she said that it will be done with quote, great influence
from both rogue squadron video games and books, so we might have to see what's
coming on on it is she's actually pulling the origin from a comic book series.
It was written by Michael Stackpole.
Um, that again was directly inspired from, uh, the first two of the star
Wars movies, which episode four and five, I'm sorry, I think of them when
they were released as what was first.
Um, and then, um, and some books called the throng trilogy, which we've heard,
uh, if, well, I guess if you're living under a rock and you haven't
watched the Mandalorian, I'm not going to say anything else.
Um, but, uh, but I think there's going to be a lot that we'll see as
homage anyway, but it's still an original story and it's not really
going from not an adaptation as I was saying, so that's it.
Um, boy, and you know, just as a quick aside, you know, even though it's not
directly about gaming, but during the game awards, that same night was when
Disney was doing this big dump of, you know, all this stuff they're planning
during their investor meeting.
And it's, it's pretty shocking how much they're going to crank out.
What was an entire clause addressing it in chat, 10 star Wars shows, 10 Marvel
shows, and I know there was a shit ton of Disney shows too, um, cause 15, I
think, yeah, there was like, I know they were doing one for, um, Tiana, uh,
from, uh, um, the, the, oh my God.
And I even love this movie and I can't even remember the name of it in the moment.
Thank you.
The Prince of the Frog, uh, is getting a show and, um, the, um, uh, Zootopia
is getting a, um, series, which I know is going to make some friends of mine
happy and, and there's like a lot of, uh, stuff that's getting expanded on with
series.
And then of course I got several text messages alerting me to the fact that
sister act three was confirmed, which is important on, so I made this big, like,
yay, they're doing sister act three.
And then it was like, and Tyler Perry is co-producing it.
And I was like, oh, we'll see how that goes.
Just, I swear to, is it going to have Whoopi?
Oh yeah.
Whoopi's Whoopi's like co-producing it and she's very influential in it with
Tyler Perry.
So my own, my only request, you do not put Medea in that fucking movie.
Do not under any circumstance, Medea is not to be in that movie period.
Because I just it's let the sister act universe be on its own.
It does not need a crossover.
Kathy Najimy.
Yes.
Uh, I don't know if they would be able to get, um, um, Maggie Smith.
Um, poor thing is, is very, very old at this point, but I'd love it if she made
a cameo somehow.
Oh, I love her.
Okay.
Sia Tabiri says sister act three is just being bankrolled by Tyler Perry.
Okay.
Well, good, I guess.
Oh yeah.
And Hocus Pocus too is actually, that was, yeah.
Yeah.
So I haven't seen the first one and I can actually still quote the movie.
I'm the same way with Mean Girls.
All, um, all of those announcements and nothing about Tron, nothing.
But you know, they did make those mentions, uh, earlier in the year that
there was something going on behind the scenes for Tron.
Maybe they just turned to a trailer point.
Cause this is like trailer stuff, you know.
Not everything though.
They have a lot of announcements.
It had no trailers.
They have to just like title cards or we had, we had a teaser about something
would care about his Tron, all Tron all the time, but the only thing we had was
that tease that Jared Leto was somehow involved.
Yay.
Excuse me while I go.
Why can't we just get a sequel to the last movie?
Why, why would that be such a hard thing to do?
And it definitely needs a Cillian Anderson in it as, um, cause he's a
Derringer's kid and I'm sorry.
Murphy's pretty Cillian Murphy.
Why I say Murphy, but anyway, he's Jillian Anderson could absolutely be in Tron.
If she wanted to be, I meant Cillian Murphy.
Yeah, excuse me.
I, but, but he's so pretty and I want him to be, um, Derringer.
Like takeover, like with an MCP and everything, not like a complete
rehash of the first movie, but I would fucking love to see them do something.
All right, let's move on from Disney chat.
Although I knew it would come up at some point, but there was just, there was a
lot of stuff that came out there and I saw the discord blown up with all that
too over at vog network.com slash discord.
Some of you guys like to share articles throughout the week.
Rob, you know what we just need to do is just take a quick, you know, hiatus
during the halfway of the show, take an intermission run to Del Taco and get
some churros and run back churro chat on orange laundry, churro chat.
All right, moving on serious stuff though.
Uh, Twitch chat, we've got a couple of stories about Twitch and, um, one,
one, I think is generally good news.
The other one really not good news.
And we'll start with the not good news, right?
Logie.
Yeah.
So right now, um, the, uh, U S government has to pass a spending bill basically
to approve the spending for, uh, next year.
And with that, what is something that's been happened in the past is that they
try to sneak in different, um, measures just that might not be able to pass on
their own, but then also might be something that they may not just
necessarily vehemently disagree with just to try to get it passed.
And that's what we have Republican Senator Thom Tillis doing with a
proposal that would turn unauthorized commercial streaming of copyright
music, um, into like, for example, an album on YouTube video clip on Twitch
or song and Instagram story into a felony offense with possible prison sentence.
Uh, apparently, you know, this obviously is not a good thing and it should be of
no surprise that Tillis is also being funded by PACS that are, um, have
donations with ties to the MPAA, uh, the Sony pictures, universal music group,
Comcast, NBC universal, um, the internet and television associations,
Salem media group and Warner music.
So basically in the pocket of all of those media companies and trying to
pass something that would try to basically end all fair use of, you know,
copyrighted material, uh, it's a really dangerous thing.
And so of course, you know, there has been several folks that have spoken out
against it, the EFF and internet archive, uh, the American liberal library
association center for democracy and technology collective, um, have all
sent letters to the Senate last week as well, but I mean, right now they
have kind of a, uh, interim bill that's passed to extend it out to the 18th
of December, but they are going to be voting on this pretty soon.
So that it's kind of scary that this is not the first time that they've tried
to slip something like this in.
I think he's done it in the past before.
Just, I don't know.
I don't understand why this is a thing in our government, how they can just
suddenly slap on other bills to existing bills.
It's really ridiculous.
Yeah.
I don't think it should be like that either.
Um, but, uh, yeah, I, obviously all of us are sitting here going, this is bad, bad
news.
Like, I, I understand if, you know, somebody is like filming a movie in a
theater with the intention of trying to distribute that on YouTube, you know, the
very, very blatant kind of piracy.
I can, I kind of understand where maybe they want to, I mean, but I don't know,
a felony for God's sake.
Like, I don't, I, I, it's, yeah, it's not like, yeah, the, the copyright law needs
reform, but this is way too much because it's, it's going to get ugly.
It's going to get ugly for things like Twitch, you know, like we, I think it
needs reform in the other direction.
I think they've gotten away with way too much as it is.
And basically, you know, Disney being a big proponent of that, just like really
the abuse, what we really need to do is get money out of politics, but that's not
going to be a thing for awhile.
I mean, that's the problem is you have these people that are basically bought
and paid for politicians that are voting on stuff that only benefits, you know,
these large companies as if they don't make enough money from their stuff.
I really don't, they've always been argued or, you know, piracy's hurting
their business, but like, it's just because they don't want to adapt to
new business models.
Um, I just honestly don't think that like a lot of stuff is really hurt that much
by, I mean, these guys are making tons of money.
A record profits each year, but it's not enough.
They need all of the money.
Yeah.
It's like with any though, if you think about it, like a physical store, you
know, every physical store has a loss prevention group, but they still factor
in a certain amount of losses from theft.
And I think that they need to, I'm trying to think of how I want to phrase
this because also as an artist myself, I do, I've had my work stolen before,
you know, and I think that the copyright laws need to be stronger to protect
the, the artists, the, that aren't sponsored by some big company.
They need to be more stringent for art stolen from the, uh, the independent
user, and I think not so much for the company, they need to get rid of the
whole corporations as people things so that it doesn't apply in the same manner.
Does that make sense?
You, you, I do agree.
You need to have the ability, like when, when somebody like a, one of these, you
know, websites that sits out there that does a lot of Facebook ads, steals a
design that you made, and we hear about this type of stuff on social media all
the time, you need to have a legal way to go after that company that does not
require you to have a super expensive lawyer and all this stuff and things that
the normal person can't afford.
Absolutely.
And that's part of what the copyright law needs to look at.
But like a felony, like, I mean, it would, I guess it would depend on the
circumstance.
That's the problem.
And I think what's, what's like, if you have a particular company that's doing
this over and over and over again, and that's their whole MO, then maybe I kind
of get it.
Um, but like, I, I feel like the language in this is too broad and it's gonna get
used not the right way.
That's the,
that's why they leave it so broad is so that they can have it be interpreted in
court a different way at a later time when it eventually does come to it.
I mean, they bank on this.
Yeah.
So I, I, I just have very little respect I think for, well, especially, you know,
just given the whole state of the Republican party anyway, I look at
anything that, honestly, I could look at any type of legislation that's announced
by practically anybody right now in, uh, in Congress with a high suspicion, just
about there's a few people who I would probably trust on site, but I would still
want to look it over.
All right.
Well, let's move on to something a little more, I think, um, positive for possible
Twitch future news.
Uh, and, uh, well, I mean, it's not a positive topic, but it is Twitch taking
action on something they've been asked to take action on for quite some time.
And that is a new policy on hateful conduct and harassment was finally rolled
out, uh, this past week, and it will be going into effect on January 22nd.
Um, and you might be wondering like, why not now?
Um, they did the delay to give streamers and audience members time to be ready for
it and basically either adjust their behavior appropriately.
I'm assuming provide feedback and so forth.
Um, but that's why there's a little bit of a gap there.
Um, so, uh, I'm going to try to summarize some of these things happening here.
And I think these, these are all things where I'm like, wow, this wasn't there
before.
I'm glad it's there.
Um, Twitch is adding three protected identity characteristics to their list of
hateful conduct, caste, color, and immigration status.
So if you attack someone based on one of these traits, which other traits that are
there already include sex, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, racism, so
they're adding these things to it.
But if you attack somebody on one of these basis, you basically are risking
punishment for that.
Um, one that's been getting a lot of like, Oh, interesting kind of reactions is that
the Confederate flag is now on Twitch's list of hate symbols and it is banned from
streams.
Uh, and quote, it is fucking hateful and I'm a southerner quote, given its historic
and symbolic association with slavery and white supremacist groups in the U S uh, and
also they are, uh, explicitly saying hate groups and propaganda are prohibited as
well.
Emotes also fall into this policy, so you may not have some type of, um, I don't
know, white supremacist sign or whatever code, coded thing in a emote that is
against the rules.
Other specific behavior, um, claiming the victim of a well-documented tragedy is a
crisis actor, encouraging others to docs, hack, SWAT or DDoS somebody and inciting
malicious raids of another person's social media profiles.
Again, that's all stuff I think that needs to be there.
Um, so there's, there's, there's a lot of things here.
Um, sexual harassment is now, uh, they are adopting a much lower tolerance for
objectifying or harassing behavior specifically repeatedly commenting on
someone's attractiveness when they've indicated their discomfort verbally or
through timeouts and channel bands.
So if you're continuing to say, you know, Loki, you're looking mighty fine in that
sweater today.
Well, thank you.
Well, see, now if you say that, then I'm not going against that.
But if you're like, um, you don't need to comment on those things.
I wish you wouldn't comment on that.
Then if I were to take that for further and continue that, and I don't, I could
keep going with the example, but I want to make light of it because it's a very
serious situation.
Um, it fucking is.
Yeah, I'll tell you what.
I just ended up being blunt about it to begin with.
I'm like, don't say that to me.
Yeah.
But I'm just finally like that.
Don't tell me that.
If somebody ignores that and continues with that, they are now in violation of the
policy.
So that's, yeah, that's good.
You know, I'm not going to be fucking polite about it.
Um, and if you make explicit comments about someone's sexuality or physical
appearance, even if they're a public figure, it's interesting and sharing
unsolicited nude images or videos again, I should hope not Christ.
Um, so, um, yeah, that's, that's great because I can't tell you how many LGBTQ
streamers I see.
Um, or, you know, folks are streaming and people go into the streams.
They're like, LOL, you're gay.
And it's like, yeah, why, why?
Yes.
Random person on the internet.
I am, I am gay.
Um, thanks.
You know, it's like stupid crap like that.
Finally, uh, as part of the statement, I know I'm, I'm reading a lot here, but this
is important shit.
Uh, Twitch continued in their statement.
We know that many people on Twitch, particularly women, members of the LGBTQIA
community, black, indigenous, and people of color, unfortunately continue to
experience a disproportionate amount of harassment and abuse online, including on
our service.
Not only is this blatantly unacceptable, it also undermines the community we're
building on Twitch and threatens the long-term viability of streaming as a
career for everyone who wishes to pursue it.
So I think a lot is to be determined in the enforcement of said guidelines.
And if we actually see Twitch kind of put in their oomph where their mouth is with
this, but in the interim, as I did earlier, I shall award one polite clap for
this update.
And we will see, uh, I will, uh, uh, award more applause later if they actually,
uh, put their, uh, enforcement where their mouth is with this and, uh, help to,
with some of the toxicity on the Twitch environment.
So, all right.
Anyhow, um, black compat in chat says the N Bomb folks finally died down on our
stream over the last few weeks.
Thank the Lord.
See, that's how, it just like, it makes me angry.
Like I just, I want to, when I hear that, because I respect you guys so much, and I
know you guys work so hard, like I want to know who those people are and I want to
beat them up.
Like I do.
So like, but the, the best I can do on this, this Twitch platform is get the hell
off my platform.
If you're one of these people that go into streams and type that type of garbage,
like it's just completely, we know, we know it's kids.
Like 90% of the time, it's kids trying to get a rise out of somebody trying to get a
reaction and it's fucking gross and disgusting.
Seriously, if only Twitch had the authority to spank these children.
Or more like if they had been raised to be respectful, then they wouldn't even need
the supervision to not do that.
You know, it's clearly a moral failing, I would say.
And yes, pod culture, I did mean fuck them with a cheese grater dildo.
At least the adults.
Um, uh, no one special 77 says in short, don't be a creepy asshole on the internet.
Yes.
And, and you guys that are watching and viewing, we've been very fortunate that
our community is pretty fucking awesome.
You, you all know how to conduct yourselves.
We don't have problems in the chat room.
Whenever we do have problems in chat, our mods take care of it quick, you know, and
that, and it's, you know, that's the thing.
But also like, and Rob, we're, we're so far, the problematic people in themselves
out to what's that you, you cut out so far, the problematic people have thrown
themselves out to, that is true too.
And let's be real dark soccer.
We are three white people sitting here doing this stream.
We are not using the LGBT cat tag.
So it is not obvious that I am gay.
The two out of three of us qualify.
It is not, it, that is not something that's there.
So that's, you know, that's the reality.
Like, so I'm glad at least Twitch is going to these, um, uh, uh, methods
to basically ban this for like the, this kind of behavior is unacceptable.
Across the board and that they're, you know, they're calling out that there
is a problem because there is, you know, nobody's come into this chat.
Saying those type of words, especially the one that starts with N.
And so I, I think it's, it's just disgusting that it's happening to, um,
two people that love the games industry that I respect so much.
I got you, I got your back and I will fight those people if I ever see them.
And we can cuss like a fucking sailor, but that has nothing
to do with being hateful.
Yeah.
Yes.
I can say, fuck you with a cheese grater.
Yes.
But I'm not going to say, fuck you with a cheese grater, insert slur here.
But yeah, and you're not necessarily directing it at a certain individual.
You're not going like, fuck you Rob Roberts, but you're not
saying it here on the show.
All right.
Anyway, no, no.
All right.
Let's move on.
I'm, I'm a good girl in public, so Rob, it's a good time next.
Yes.
Let's, Ooh, let's, uh, let's move on to happier times.
We love games and let's talk about, uh, the classic game of the week.
And we're going to take a trip down memory lane and, uh, we're going to,
uh, have dark soccer, get into the gaming vault and she's going to find
a game that she thinks, Hey, you kids, you should be playing this game this week.
Uh, it's, it's a classic.
Maybe.
Well, I don't, maybe this one, I don't know.
I think you, the game you picked tonight, you literally can't play.
Uh, well you kind of can, but not the way it was, but anyway.
Um, I will say a reminder for an important reason.
I know I was gonna say a reminder because I think it ties into this, uh, to qualify
as a classic game of the week, it usually, unless dark soccer feels like bending
the rules, which is very rarely a classic game of the week is 10 years or older.
And so the rules once, and that was for halo to pay my mom's bills.
No, no.
Cause halo was over 10 years older than halo.
The halo was my rule of do not do halo had it.
It was the halo clause.
Yes.
Okay.
Fair enough.
All right.
So dark soccer, let's get to it.
What is the classic game of the week?
World of Warcraft cataclysm.
Wow.
I'll tell you, I've done world of Warcraft before, but I'm doing cataclysm
because it, as an expansion, it was a complete fucking do over for world of
Warcraft.
And we just had a new story earlier about how the Warcraft expansion for shadow lands
was considered the best selling selling PC game for about four days.
So it does, they do qualify as separate games.
Um, you know, there's, there's another reason I'm bringing this up too.
Cause you remember every, I played the first iteration of world of Warcraft,
hated it, played the second one.
It was okay.
I played, it was basically, it wasn't until cataclysm came out that I enjoyed
world of Warcraft and you remember my little goat girl who I still have.
I, I, so I basically soloed her to 80.
I didn't do a single, um, uh, dungeon or anything.
I didn't do a single instance until after I level captor.
And I think only one time did I ever party.
And it was cause one thing in that grand that I couldn't beat by myself and I want
to say that it was you and spike.
Probably that sounds, sounds, sounds about right.
Yeah.
Um, uh, the days of danger squad, but anyway, um, world of Warcraft was the
third expansion that came out for world of Warcraft, it followed wrath of the
Lich King.
Um, it had its announcement at Blizzcon on August 21st, 2009.
Um, although of course hackers going to hack and people figured shit out and it's
a release date was on December 7th, 2010.
So I am basically a just short of a week off of the release date to date.
So, um, yeah, I kind of hit the line on that one, but at any rate, there was so
much shit, by the way, I meant 85 and not 80.
So there was a lot of change that happened with this one.
So not only did they raise the player level cap to 85, but they completely redid
the two main continents because prior to cataclysm, you could not fly.
Remember?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Not, not in the original world.
You said you had like certain flying capable levels.
I think it was.
And of course you had, you know, your, your travel points like that.
Um, but not only, um, did this, uh, create flying areas, uh, basically I think the
only areas that were not flyable were the two, um, uh, uh, the blood elf starting
area and the draenei, because those were stored, um, like off the main map, which
is funny because those two are actually stored on the same map.
Did you know?
I, I thought I had heard that back in the day, but I forgot.
If you, if you boundary break it, you can travel, um, like you fly
for a fucking long ass time, but then you end up on the other map.
You can actually see them.
Um, but any rate, um, it added 10 new dungeons and five new
raids and a new skill archeology.
I think I always did jewelcrafting cause it like gave me a lot of money.
Um, they did.
I'm going to step away for a minute.
So don't ask me any other questions.
Okay, fine.
Um, but they did, um, redo the glyph system to have three types of glyphs,
which were prime major and minor.
And they were permanently learned instead of having to have
a reagent to remove the slot.
Um, they added two playable races, the worgen, werewolf, werewolf people, uh,
for the Alliance and goblins for the horde.
I had a goblin named Gabrielle and I actually still have her.
If I decided to play again.
Um, they did expand some of the classes to be available to more of the races
and they completely redid, well, they mostly redid Stormwind and really redid,
I think Orgrimmar, even though I fucking hate Orgrimmar cause that place is like
a fucking maze, um, and then they overhauled the talent system so that you
were awarded your first talent point at 10 and then 11 and then once, uh, per
every two levels until you reach 80.
And, uh, 81 through 85, you receive a talent point at each level, bringing
your total to 41 talent points and lets you choose, um, new and
different or improved abilities.
Um, and to go ahead and answer you evil protagonist, I am specifically
referring to this expansion because it pretty much revamped the whole game.
I can almost look at this as a whole separate game with all
the changes that they made to it.
Um, other, um, so basically the big thing with this game is that Deathwing, the
Destroyer, the evil, uh, dragon thing who was originally Maltharion, the
earthwarder, um, of the, the, the five, sorry.
Yeah.
Five, five aspects, um, were, uh, he went crazy and started burning shit,
really just started burning shit.
Um, and he was last seen in Warcraft two.
Um, so basically he just was wondering around, he literally was wandering around
the continents, setting shit on fire.
Um, and he tore through this dimensional barrier.
So there was this huge cataclysm that reshaped everything.
Like, uh, there were the Twilight hammer group coming up.
There's all kinds of just amazing lore stuff that came into the universe.
And then of course it changed a lot of things in the
politics of the various factions.
Um, so Thrall who was, you know, uh, fucking love Thrall.
He was so cool as warchief, but anyway, he stepped down.
Um, and this gave us, uh, Garrosh Hellscream who I hated him and, uh, I, I
hated him forever and I hated him when he died in the books, cause I actually
have the, the trial and everything and I hated him and everything else.
And he's like one of my favorite characters to hate, I swear.
Um, but anyway, um, we also had, um, the Zandalari, uh, trolls, uh, come back.
They were really, really cool.
Um, we had the Firelands, which I remember how fucking long we were working through
the damn Firelands as our, uh, as our Guild.
I mean, I got all kinds of screen caps and everything.
That was the most fun I've had in that game.
And then, um, they did, uh, the hour of Twilight, um, where one of, it
was really such a good raid too.
I love doing that where, um, your last battle is on Deathwing's back and you
had to really know your shit for this one.
It was really a lot of fun.
Um, I mean, honestly, that one and, um, the, uh, crap.
Now I can't remember.
And I also, the one that brought in, uh, demon hunters, cause I played
the shit out of that one too.
Legion, I'm back.
Legion.
Yeah.
Those two have been my favorite expansions ever.
Rise of Pandaria was, eh, but these, the other two were great.
I, and I'll tell you what, I tried to play the Void Elf one and
fucking, I couldn't get into it.
So that was probably the last time I played World of Warcraft.
Um, but any rate, um, there was a big environmental change to it as well,
because you had an event that was quite literally scarring the, uh, the world
that, um, they, uh, they actually started, uh, what was they split?
Um, crap.
Why can't I think of it now?
The barons.
Yeah.
They split the barons.
And for anyone who ever played in vanilla, wow.
Barons chat was special.
Something else.
It was eventually the, cause you're stuck in the barons for like what?
40 levels.
Not quite that long, but a while, 30, 25, 30 levels.
Yeah.
And it's some of the slowest levels to go through as well.
Um, so this effectively put an end to the, uh, quagmire that was barons chat,
because then they split it into the two different sides of it.
Um, and Mary, the two shall meet.
And just to quickly kind of like address, like, cause a conversation is
kind of going on in chat about, you know, this particular expansion
being a classic game of the week.
I think it's important, you know, to, to note some of the things that World of
Warcraft, World of Warcraft Cataclysm did, um, it was really the first MMO
expansion, or at least the biggest that I can think of that was really intent
on redoing an old world so that you really couldn't revisit the old world
in its old form, at least until, you know, wow, classic came out way
later, many years later, right?
So, um, you know, and some people may point to Final Fantasy 14, but that,
that redo didn't happen until a couple of years later.
And actually, uh, now Kiyoshita said, uh, when he approached Realm Reborn,
he was influenced by World of Warcraft Cataclysm and him and his team played
quite a bit of it, um, in just, you know, to get, to get a sense of what's
going on in MMOs.
And I think a lot of what you see in Realm Reborn kind of comes from World
of Warcraft and, you know, part of that, the story certainly seems to have some
heavy, uh, parallels with World of Warcraft Cataclysm.
So I think, I think that's part of the reason why, you know, this
particular expansion is notable.
Well, there's, there's still a little bit more, um, you know, like I was
saying, flight is unavailable for the Burning Crusade levels, but, um, there
were some other big things about this.
Um, and I, I did find that leveling was so much better.
God, the thing that I hated the most from the old one in the leveling
mechanics for having to level your individual weapons or your skills in each
of those, I was so fucking glad when that went away, um, because to me, it
made the game more of a grind and less fun and the stories were fun.
The new quests were freaking hilarious.
Some of them were, um, and then you also had, um, uh, some better PVP, I think.
So you had your PVP zones that, um, you could, uh, you know, participate
in your various PVP activities.
But if you didn't want to, you just, you actually, there's a fairly easy
way to steer clear of them.
Um, as long as you stuck to navigating your flight paths, you know?
Um, and yes, uh, Baron's, I think Baron's chat did revive a bit in classic.
Rob, you were playing that?
I was, but I was Alliance.
So I didn't see the Baron's chat when I played classic.
Um, so I couldn't tell you, I would assume it's probably still there, but
it's, it's probably one of those like, LOL, we're in Baron's chat kind of
things where it's the, the meme is self-aware now.
Yeah.
So I'm not sure it's going to be quite the same as it was before.
You probably still have your occasional Chuck Norris joke, but I think it's one
of those, the meme has become aware of itself and so just by nature, it's not
what it was.
But do you remember how fucking long it took me to get, to get stood in the fire?
So there's a story about this.
So, okay.
Remember how I said Deathwing was flying around burning shit, right?
He would set the entire instanced area that you were in completely on fire.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
And three times I was in an area that got set on fire and did not die.
And I don't know why.
I think one of them was because I had just revived from an earlier death.
And the other two, I think had to do like just where I was standing.
It was the dumbest thing ever.
And you remember how angry I was, right?
I'd be like, I'm in fire and I'm not on fire.
Right?
Like, and I would just go around, like just wandering around the entire world
looking for fucking Deathwing so I could get stood in the fire.
And then I don't even know what it was.
I was like in...
When you're not expecting it, it just happens.
Cheese ball thing.
Yeah.
I was, I was, I was mining.
That was it.
Stood in the fire.
And then someone got the thing I was trying to mine for.
I got it.
I got, I have screenshots to this day of my stood in the fire.
Uh, can I tell you one other little side story that, uh, your
pick this week made me think of?
Um, so the fact that this game is, uh, 10 years old, right?
Cause it came out about, uh, just about 10 years ago this week, give
or take a week or two, a week or two.
It did.
Oh yeah.
It came out on the 7th of December.
Oh, well, there you go.
So, um, uh, Horde House, the side project I was doing, uh, at the beginning with
Xtaphir and then we added more, uh, cast members later on, Shane and, uh, grandpa
for, or, uh, you know, captain Matt from Starboard Power Coupling.
Uh, we're all part of the, uh, Horde House.
That show started, uh, about six weeks before the Cataclysm patch.
No, yeah.
Six weeks before the expansion ish.
I don't remember the exact day, but I remember it was right at the end of
Lich King, because I think in like episode four, we were talking about how
we finally killed the Lich King.
Thanks to the Cataclysm pre patch and the changes that it had made.
Um, so it's just, so, so now Horde House qualifies as a classic podcast of the week.
Uh, it just kind of made me stop and pause and go, Oh my gosh, that show is 10 years old.
And we did that show for a good, probably like four years.
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Maybe three, four years until we honestly, truly, we all kind of, well,
most of us burned out on Warcraft.
I think grandpa stuck with it the longest.
Uh, and then, uh, Final Fantasy Realm Reborn came out.
And so we tried for a good, probably the last 20 episodes or so.
We really tried to make it about like all MMOs, but then at that point, the
show was just completely losing focus and, and would be the tangent train.
And I think everybody kind of burned out sadly.
And that, that's the story of, of Horde House.
Um, but it was a fun show brings up Leroy Jenkins, which, you know, you cannot
get the Jenkins achievement anymore.
Not anymore.
Not anymore.
Nope.
I have the Jenkins achievement.
I'm happy.
I think like I got it on my demon hunter too.
Cause they took that out right after Legion.
Didn't they?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, but you know, one of the cool things though about Cataclysm is that afterwards
it really did bring out now people who like to boundary break and, you know, I
loved a boundary break.
Like I did the non-instant Stratholme.
I did, uh, I got to that little hidden part just north of Stratholme.
Remember that had like the tower and like the place to sit and no, because it
was blocked off for some reason.
Yeah.
And then, uh, and then I did a boundary.
I would go do boundary breaks in, uh, old, uh, an old dungeons, but they, I think
now they have them like level matched or something.
And then, um, I did, uh, I spent like two hours outside of the, the boundary
area for end of time, you know, when you're kind of in that big crater trying
to fight, uh, the, who was the time dragon?
Chromie?
I forget.
No, not Chrome, not Chromie, uh, the other one.
Chromie worked for him.
The one who was the, actually the.
I don't remember off the top of my head and all the Warcraft, listen to the show
or the hourglass one that was so fucking annoying.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
I remember that boss.
Yeah.
But anyway, and also that expansion gave me my favorite ever fight with the two
dragons with the fabulous flames.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was my favorite fight ever in an MMO.
I, to this day, it's my favorite.
Um, but at any rate, going back to the game itself, instead of, you
know, waxing nostalgic here.
Um, it was highly lauded.
It, it was, um, it was rated, I think 90 on Metacritic.
Um, nine out of 10 on IGM, uh, uh, a critic score of 9.1 out of 10 for GameSpot.
I mean, it just, it got so many positive reviews and they were well deserved.
It was a really well put together game.
I mean, and I've played, you know, a few MMOs in my time.
I mean, you know how addicted I was to Ragnarok online for like ever.
Um, World of Warcraft, this expansion, the Cataclysm expansion completely
breathed the new life into the game.
And I would say even into the MMO genre in general, like the fantasy RPG
style MMO like this, that it, that the entire thing needed while I'm like,
okay, I'm not going to go back to World of Warcraft.
I'm done with World of Warcraft and I am done with it.
Yeah.
I still think that it was one of the biggest things that expanded
my love of, of games, because this brought me into playing more
adventure games of this variety.
I'm not an MMO person that much anymore, although I am planning
on going back to, to PSO too.
I actually quit Final Fantasy 14 without even touching my sub.
After two months of paying for it.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
That means I'm probably not going to go back to it.
Yeah.
Um, that that's, you know, 24 bucks.
I can't get back or 28 bucks.
I can't get back.
PSO too has that other, the, the big graphic kind of, kind of a
cataclysm of its own coming up.
I think it's a, a side game, but it's going to have the enhanced
graphics and everything.
It looks really exciting.
So at least with PSO too, it's a play through your, your cycle and you can be done.
Yeah.
You know, but, um, but at any rate, I think that World of Warcraft
Cataclysm was probably not just for what it did, but for the influence
that it had, like you even said for Final Fantasy 14, for so many
other games, it really innovated something that was just sort of dry.
Yeah.
Um, revitalizes what I meant.
And I wanted to say quickly, um, thank you for the kind words
about, um, Horde House in the chat.
Um, and I know some of you found OLR through that.
In fact, I got her, I got a really, really kind message this week, um, kind
of about Horde House and, and leading to OLR and somebody that's still
listening, um, after all this time.
And that's just the type of stuff that just like is all the
reward I need to do this show.
Um, but, um, my point is, uh, through that show, I got really, you know,
introduced to the World of Warcraft community, um, you know, and I met
a lot of great people through that.
Um, both at, you know, in real life events.
Like, um, when the, the time I went to BlizzCon and participated in the,
the podcast event that was, which I can't remember the con before the
storm, I think it was called or something, some, some, uh, event that
they had beforehand, that was a lot of fun and, uh, obviously, um, never
met in person, but at least worked with online, the, uh, the, the lovely
folks over at Girls Gone Wow.
Um, you know, Cyl and Raven and EJ.
I know, I know Cyl is no longer on that program, but she was back in
the days we were doing Horde House.
Obviously Raven and EJ have moved on to Warcraft Radio where they are,
they are, are doing wonderfully and it's great to see they still do it.
Um, but you know, my point is I met a lot of amazing like people through this.
And that's why it's like, I try every expansion to like, can I
find my love of wow again?
Can I, is it there?
Can I find, and it's, um, it's, it's, it's a, it's a time in a capsule that
I look back fondly on and go, we did some fun fucking things during that
time and I I'm really happy that it's, that it's continuing for some people.
Um, uh, and yeah.
You know what I found?
I remember when Slagkick and I were going to do a web comic
called Hillsbrad Blues.
Yes.
I found the, the one comic that I put together.
You know, if you really want to find something rare, find the podcast
that Slagkick and my husband did.
Yes, my husband had a podcast and it was called Fabulous Flames.
And I think they had six or they had like six or seven
episodes before they flamed out.
It's because, so I'm going to say something that I couldn't say like seven
years ago, whenever that show was on, it's because their third host was terrible.
No, it's, I don't even remember the guy's name, but every episode he
was just there to shit on the game.
And I, exactly.
It's like, I, it's, it's that difference between being
critical and like being hateful.
And, and you know what I mean?
Always be critical of the things that you love.
Cause that's how it gets better.
Yeah.
But don't, don't, you know, open world of Warcraft, put your butt
over the receptacle that goes into world of Warcraft and shit in it.
Yeah.
It is not your toilet.
Anyway.
All right.
This segment has gone on a very long time, dark soccer, and I'm going to
get in trouble for what I said.
I'm sure, uh, dark soccer, any last words on this, uh, expansion?
Um, I miss it.
I miss, I miss cataclysm.
Yeah.
I want to take, if I could take my demon hunter into cataclysm and just play that
forever, I'd be fucking happy.
It would be my new animal crossing.
You never know a world of Warcraft classic may end up, you know, rumor is
they may go to burning crusade and Lich King, and then maybe stop there.
Cause what, what cataclysm is for you cat a Lich King is for a lot of people,
but you never know, uh, if there's demand for it, who knows what may happen.
Never say never.
We never thought we'd get a classic.
Wow.
We did.
Actually, you know, the other good thing that came out of me playing a cataclysm.
Rebecca black, my paladin.
All right.
We're definitely going back to the show now.
So there it is.
Your classic game of the week, world of Warcraft cataclysm.
All right.
I just looked at the time we're running really long tonight.
Well, we got a late start, but that's all right.
Uh, so let's, let's, uh, let's go right on into our next
segment, some rapid fire news and we'll start off with Loki.
All right.
So it is not a surprise.
More, uh, gaming series are coming to Netflix and other streaming services.
So now Netflix has announced that they're going to be doing
a Sonic the Hedgehog cartoon.
So that's set to air in 2022, but, um, not a, not a huge surprise there.
Lots of gaming stuff coming.
And then, um, what's kind of cool is Spider-Man Miles Morales on PlayStation
five was kind of, um, you had basically two options, either a, you could choose
a 60 FPS version of the game, or you could play the game with Ray tracing on.
Well, now they have a performance Ray tracing visual mode that you can enable.
To play with Ray tracing at 60 FPS.
However, the trade-off is that the scene resolution will be reduced slightly.
So interesting to see that that's a thing now because definitely
60 FPS is the way to go.
But retracing does look pretty nice.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about Prince of Persia, the sands of time.
You know, there was a remake that was going to be happening for that game.
Uh, and it just got bumped back a little bit.
This game was originally going to come out January of 2021.
It's been bumped back to March, which honestly isn't that much of a bump back.
Um, it's not that bad, but it is news.
It was delayed that these things happen, but I'm sure it'll
be cool once it is released.
Uh, it is coming out on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC as a reminder,
this is an upgrade of the original 2003 version from the game cube,
PlayStation two, Xbox, PC, and Game Boy advance, although I think this,
uh, remake will take less cues from the Game Boy advance version.
It's all, it's a complete remake of the Game Boy advance game only.
Uh, speaking of delays.
Windjammers 2.
I know some of you are really, uh, loving your Windjammers.
And I'm sad to say that Windjammers 2 is going to be bumped back to 2021.
It was supposed to release this year, but it's getting bumped back.
And come on.
Are we surprised?
I doubt it.
Delays happen, especially this year.
So, uh, a variety of delays, meaning like, uh, online mode is some of the stuff,
uh, the rollback and online mode needs to be tweaked.
So they're looking at that stuff.
They're not saying exactly when they're just saying 2021.
And it's probably best, you know, especially, you know what, especially
when it comes to the online play and that stuff, take the time to get it right.
You know, you, you don't want to launch launch week and have
all that stuff be botched.
So, uh, best of luck to that team.
Dark Saga.
Well, um, something coming to the switch this month on December 21st,
um, is a game that came out in 2012 originally, uh, Double Dragon neon.
Um, it's going to be in the eShop published by Majestico, um, and of
course developed by WayForward.
Um, but yeah, it first came out, um, on the PS3 and Xbox 360 in September,
2012, and then on Steam in 2014.
So, uh, yeah, Double Dragon neon and then, um, ah, happiness, um, Scott
Pilgrim versus the world, the game complete edition coming out January 2021.
Um, and that was announced by, uh, Ubisoft.
It's going to be on PlayStation four, Xbox one, Nintendo switch and Stadia.
It's going to include Scott Pilgrim versus the world, the game, and then,
uh, the DLC Knives Chow and Wallace Wells add on packs.
So there you go.
Nice.
And how, how convenient with Prince of Persia moving out of the way in January.
Now, now Ubisoft can just drop Scott Pilgrim in there instead.
I know a lot of people excited to see that come back.
And if there's, uh, Oh God, why can't I think of it?
Who does the, um, the limited run if limited run does, uh, uh, physical
version of this, I'm buying it.
Uh, Sia Tabiri in chat says originally that game came out in 2010 as well.
Did I, yeah, I guess the movie's about 10 years old.
Cause they had the, I think the 10 year Blu-ray edition was either this, I feel
like it was last year recording.
I think.
Didn't that happen?
The cast redoing maybe.
Yeah, I can't, I can't remember.
I know we did a screening of it here in SAC, uh, was that 2018?
Couple of years ago, we did a nice big screen, uh, cult movie night.
We had a, we had a double feature.
It was that in Kung Fury.
Um, and we actually, we had the guy that played Thor in Kung Fury was there.
And so I got to, some of the perks about my hosting thing is that once in a while
I get to interview the celebrity on stage and take audience questions, kind of like
running a panel, but before a movie.
But in this day, I still actually have the Kung Fury soundtrack in my, uh, uh,
playlist.
It was a good movie and it was a fun night.
That was a real fun night.
Oh, those are some good, you know, uh, retro new wave there.
But you know, what's really upsetting, speaking of all that hosting stuff and
panel, you know, what's really upsetting is that I was supposed to in June do
clue the movie and we were going to, and you guys know, that's my favorite movie
of all time.
We were going to have Leslie Ann Warren in person and I was going to get to do the
interviewing, uh, for all that.
And, uh, thanks, COVID.
No, I was actually cast as Mr.
Green.
I decided that the drag up and all that was going to be too much work.
And there was a, it was fun, but, um, what, you know, it's time to let other people
do, and I will have fun with Mr.
Green, um, assuming I get to do it.
Cause I think they're trying to reschedule it for 2021.
I think they actually have a date, whether we'll actually get to do it or not.
I mean, just depends on what's going on in the world, but, uh, I was really bummed
about that one.
I mean, I'm very, not to get too tangenty, sorry, especially when we're running
along already, but you know, doing the Rocky horror stuff and the cult movie
hosting for years, I was fortunate enough to do a panel, um, a couple years ago at
one at a convention here in Sacramento.
And on that panel was Barry Bostwick, who played Brad, um, little Nell, who played,
I'm sorry, I almost said Magenta, little Nell, who played Columbia and Patricia
Quinn, who played, uh, Magenta.
So I got to do a Q and a with three fucking icons.
And that was like the day I was like, if Lady Patricia Quinn, if they, Oh yes,
sorry.
Yes, I'm very sorry.
If all of my opportunities disappeared tomorrow, I will have still made it.
I will have done the thing that I don't know if it can ever be topped.
So anyway, just a little aside, but it was a very exciting thing for me personally.
So, all right.
Uh, moving on, uh, let's travel around the world and check out some release
dates.
What's coming out this week.
Loki, not a whole lot of stuff.
Um, so we have collection of saga, final fantasy legend on Nintendo switch, uh,
MX GP 2020 on PC PlayStation four and X-Box one demo reborn on
Nintendo switch, iOS and Android.
Uh, it looks like a me sheets do no sacrifice on PC and into the switch and
the Tonia reverse on PlayStation five.
That's it.
It's finally starting to slow down a little bit, huh?
Yeah.
All right.
Heading over to Japan and looking at the releases there.
We still have a few things on the switch this week, including kaleidoscope of
phantasm prison is out this week on the switch, yokai watch jam, yokai academy Y.
And I thought those games were on their way out, but I guess we have the
kind of side game that's coming out.
Um, the Rayo's work is never done in a regular and limited edition and watch
spring three, refine the story of the marionette, which erudy, uh, is out in,
uh, uh, a Japanese edition and a edition with other languages as well.
Uh, children of Morta is another big release on the switch this week.
We have a lot of releases this week in Japan, uh, no SIA and family trainer
also out this week in Japan.
Taking a look, I could train my family.
Uh, PlayStation five has a couple of releases this week in Japan, man eater
and overcooked all you can eat edition and go go five GGN game Neptune reverse
in regular and limited edition that coming from compile heart.
So those are some PlayStation five releases quickly looking at the PlayStation
four to see if anything different jumps out there.
That's a lot of gogo five.
That's the Sentai game, right?
Um, I'm not sure.
I was just sorry.
I w I went to PlayStation four for a minute.
Most of the same stuff on the switch is on the PlayStation four this week.
Uh, let me look.
Um, yeah.
Uh, Kiku Sentai go go five.
Is that it?
It's just like an old though.
Um, Sentai Syria will old by a couple of years.
It might be because a different world protected by four goddesses.
They fought for world supremacy.
Okay.
Nevermind.
That's a, that's the game.
Neptunia reverse.
The one I just talked about Japanese.
All right.
I was just like, why are they doing a game on like such a two year old Sentai series?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I was confused.
All right.
We got it figured out.
All right.
That's it for a, how about the UK?
Two games on the 15th for PlayStation and switch.
We have five nights at Freddy's, uh, help wanted.
And speaking of old stuff, and then on the 18th, uh, Anima arcade edition.
That's it on PlayStation.
All right.
Let's get into some more news and we'll start with Loki.
All right.
So this isn't exactly like break, you know, big, I mean, it's big news, but
it's not unprecedented because GameStop has been closing stores, uh, quite often
actually over the last few years as their profits have kind of dropped a little bit.
Uh, apparently, you know, they had a 30% drop in profits during the same
period last year, so, um, their fourth quarter ending October 31st.
And, um, apparently the last course, obviously, because of COVID situation,
having the closed source, um, during that time period, they're also seeing
though that they're seeing an increase in profits of 16.5%, uh, comparable
month to month forum, uh, Thanksgiving.
And, um, the over last year, because even still with COVID, uh, and having
to have their stores closed on, despite having their stores closed on
Thanksgiving, obviously a lot of people are staying home, a lot of, you know,
new console launch, so a lot of sales are going up because of that, even
still though, they're looking at closing around a thousand retail stores by the
end of 2021, and I think that also includes the stores that have been
previously closed over the last few years.
So they've had, you know, 462 years that are closed over, uh, 462 stores
that are closed this year and last year there was like 321, uh, stores.
Um, so I think they'll bring that total up to a thousand, but that's
still, that's a lot of stores.
I know the local store we had over here is closed down, but I mean, to be
honest, they had a lot of, um, a lot of these duplicate locations that they
kind of took on as they acquire, you know, even years ago, you know, with,
uh, fungal land that in, um, EB games and stuff like that, there's a lot of,
it was really tightly packed.
Yeah.
I probably didn't need as many, you know, footprints out there.
I remember over by sunrise mall, had they, there was one in the mall and
there was the one across the street.
So I think only the, I think they closed the one in the mall, if I'm not mistaken.
They did.
Yeah.
So the one that sunrise mall has set, sorry, local job that that place is sad.
I mean, it was already that way before the pandemic.
They've already, they already have plans to tear it down and they're
going to put some housing and they're also putting like a new shopping
center type open mall type thing.
They're tearing it down.
Yeah.
I didn't know that like a downtown Plaza type thing.
Holy shit.
It's not supposed to happen for like five years though.
So, but eventually they're going to tear it down and rebuild with, um, like.
That was my childhood.
Yo, my NES came from that Sears at sunrise mall.
I play station two came from that GameStop.
My super nest came from the Montgomery ward across the
street.
That's now a target.
Sunrise mall though.
Just got so sad that, that, that location though, has been very good
to me when it comes to gaming.
Now that I think about it, because that was the target that my X series X
came from that was able to get in online.
Uh, and then my, that was the one where we all waited for the week.
Remember that?
Well, I didn't wait, but the rest of it was the one.
Yeah.
That target there used to be a Montgomery ward there back in the day.
They tore it down and built the target.
So that's bird cage.
Yeah.
Bird cage.
Yeah.
So, um, sorry.
Local chat, local chat.
Yeah.
So, so they are, they are eventually tearing it down.
I don't know how quickly that's going to happen, but they've had the plans for a
while now, um, you know, it kind of sucks that they're still putting out more
housing there, but, um, it's supposed to be like some new, like open air mall
type thing where they've got, you know, you're still going to have the big
stores, like, you know, the JC penny and Macy's and stuff like that are
going to still be there, but they're going to have, like, it's going to be
like kind of an open air mall or something.
The way I see it is like kind of what the downtown Plaza was, but.
So basically it's five years away.
They're turning it into the bird cage.
Yeah.
That's sort of it.
Local chats that we got to get past local chat.
We're running along as it is.
Sorry guys who don't live here.
All right.
Uh, okay.
Let me move on.
Let's talk about the changes to the Xbox family app.
So, um, Microsoft is, uh, building some interesting new things into their app.
And I got to say, you know, even though I don't have a need to do family management,
uh, I think this is neat.
I'd be very curious for, um, Loki's take on this since, um, you know, he has kids
who are getting to that age where they're playing a lot of video games.
Um, but Microsoft is basically giving, uh, parents ways to monitor their children's
gaming, including, uh, on this app.
Uh, the, it's the Xbox family settings app.
You can go in and one new thing you can now do, you can block the screen time, even
if they haven't reached their limit yet, basically.
So if you say, you know, let's say, you know, the kids getting grounded or
something and time is up right now, you can hit a button and a message pops up on
screen.
Your time is up and, uh, that's it.
No more Xbox thing for them.
Uh, there's also a new feature where, uh, you can do ask to buy it's already on the
console, but now it goes into the app as well.
So basically if a kid says, I want to buy this, then you can review that in the app
and, you know, allow or lecture.
And I have experience with that.
So, uh, yeah, you can do that on PC already.
So like, um, I think though the problem, I was having so many problems with my son
being able to friend, like even my other son.
So I had to like, I think remove a lot of those restrictions, but basically he, if
like he wanted to buy something, it would send me an email saying he wants to buy it
and then I could approve it or not.
Um, but yeah, I mean, that's cool that they have that.
Yeah.
Um, all right, let's move on dark Sakura.
Well, um, for, I have lots of friends.
I know a lot of our listeners like to, uh, uh, get these vinyl soundtracks now that
we're seeing a big surgeons and having them released.
Well, the newest one, um, coming out is the ActRaiser soundtrack, and it's going
to be reissued.
Um, it had been, um, uh, out of print since 1991.
And so this new release is going to have additional tracks and a symphonic suite.
Um, and of course, you know, who worked on ActRaiser?
That was Yuzo Koshiro.
It sure was.
Yas, who is one of, I would say among the best sound designers for a video game ever.
Music, music creators for a video game.
Um, so it is going to be the, the vinyl is quote divine marble blue has illustrated
sleeves and both, uh, both versions of it that are coming out, whether or not it's
a vinyl or on CD.
Um, we'll have an eight page booklet with comments from Yuzo Koshiro, Yusuke
Chihada and, uh, Nijahachi Haneda.
Um, and then, uh, some other bonuses from, uh, I'm sorry.
Some other bonuses are going to be some of the original illustrations done
specifically for the soundtrack by, um, Ayano Koshiro.
Um, it is going to be, I'm trying to get the release date.
So the, um, the vinyl ships on March, 2021, CD January, 2021.
Um, uh, I don't see anything about the, uh, you can order it internationally.
It's on the WAIO, uh, um, international store.
That's W A Y O records.com slash E N um, where amongst some of the other ones
they have on there is, uh, some, uh, Uematsu, uh, original recordings, um,
and some Sega soundtracks and through the goods.
I think one of them is like the Street to Raise soundtrack, some more Yuzo
Koshiro, and you can also get a Chrono Cross music box there.
Wow.
I love the music in Actraiser.
So, um, I wish I was more into vinyl collecting and that type of stuff.
So I, I, I bought one, Rob.
I bought one vinyl and that was ABBA's the visitor's album.
And I don't even own a record player, but I just wanted it.
Bought you an ABBA record.
And I don't know if I've given it to you yet.
That's right.
No, you did.
I got you the other album.
I, uh, it's, it's over there with the other.
It just fell over.
So I can't see it.
Did give it to you.
Yeah.
Um, they actually have like a multi disc grandia Memorial soundtrack, but that's
like a 50,000 yen.
And I don't know.
Oh, sorry.
This isn't your, oh, it's a Euro.
Nevermind the hell.
And so that means it's super expensive.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
But anyway, um, yeah, there you go.
The soundtrack was good.
Indeed.
It was a few more stories for you guys.
Uh, Loki coming back to something you talked about at the top of the show.
Yes.
So, uh, this is pretty exciting.
So finally, after the long beta that they have, uh, ray tracing has come to
Minecraft, at least it has all the windows 10 bedrock edition.
So now you can actually check out, uh, Minecraft with ray tracing.
However, there's some caveats.
So one, um, they don't officially put out a texture pack or they haven't put out a
texture pack yet that supports ray tracing.
So you have to find a texture pack that does, and then use that.
And then, um, you know, there's obviously some performance stuff with that as well.
I did check it out on my world, um, on my realm a little bit and it looks nice.
Um, the texture pack that I had didn't have like a lot of, um, it wasn't too fancy.
It was just basically kind of the same type of stuff, but the lighting is really nice
and it looks, uh, really good, but I'm curious to see what that would look like on.
I think they should bring it to console on the Xbox series X.
Um, I'd be curious to see what happens there and they also need to officially put out an
actual texture pack.
This is a little bit difficult to find one because there really isn't, uh, one available
on their store, which is where you think that would initially be.
You have to go to like Nvidia's page and Nvidia had some partner made, um, texture packs that
were from the beta.
And so they weren't necessarily great.
I had to actually go to some mind sites to find one.
A little bit of a ridiculous, uh, stuff to go through.
And even then those didn't look as good as some of the ones that were in like the demo
levels that they had for the insider program.
But I mean, it is something you can check out.
Um, you can toggle it on and off and stuff.
Um, but like I said, you know, I couldn't get it to, I liked the way it looked, but
then my kids are like, well, I want that for mine.
I'm like, well, I'm sorry, you can't run on the switch and you can't run it on your laptop.
So I'm the only one that gets it.
Um, but yeah, it's, it's really cool.
I'm glad it's out of beta.
So go check it out.
If you have a card that's capable of doing a retracing.
So it's pretty cool looking.
So when are we getting these updates on Xbox series X?
Since that can do ray tracing.
I don't know.
I don't know where the fancy graphics packs going to be.
Well, it's that that's gone.
I think at this point that's well, yeah, it's basically this.
Yeah, it's this instead.
So, uh, yeah, I'd be curious to see if we get that on series X.
Why not?
I mean, not that I play a ton of Minecraft, but every time they do some big change,
I'm always like, let me see.
It really is pretty moody.
Like, um, when you go to the nether, I mean, it's just, it's night and day different for
the way it looks.
And also just like caves can be really dark, but also like, it's just, it's more realistic.
So like you can, um, go into some, like in the vanilla game would be like completely
pitch black, but then they're, you know, pretty well lit in the ray tracing or vice
versa.
You could have some that, you know, some caves that are dark, but your contrast is turned
way up, but like it's dark, dark in these, like just pitch black, you know, it it's pretty
cool.
Um, I think it's a really neat addition if, you know, especially now my card is kind of
like the bottom end of ray tracing, but as you know, a couple of years from now, when
we're running all cards that have been doing ray tracing for a while, and as they add more,
like, you know, that DLSS and stuff like that to it, it's going to really improve, um, the
performance of it.
And we'll see a lot more games start taking advantage of it.
And I think this is definitely one that, because there's not much you can really do with Minecraft
graphics.
I mean, aside from upping the pixel count and stuff, but like ray tracing really makes
a difference.
So it's worthwhile.
All right.
Well, I hope I get to check it out in a series because I don't have a graphics card good
enough on my PC and I don't see myself getting one for a while.
Not just, not just the shortage problems, but just because I've been buying too much
other shit.
Uh, but, uh, yeah, let's check that out at some point.
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys.
And that is about the PlayStation 5 controller now being available to use on Steam.
And I think we talked about that, like this was coming or people were playing with this,
but, uh, this is now available for all Steam gamers.
I think it was like in a beta at some point or something.
So this is pretty cool.
Uh, it has full support on Steam for the led and the controller trackpad rumble, uh, gyro
controls and so forth.
You had to originally opt into the beta to use it, but now it is just, it is there.
Uh, some games that support it on Steam, death stranding, no man's sky and horizon zero
dawn.
So interesting that those are all games that would, you know, use that stuff anyway through
Sony, but, uh, neat still, uh, the controller of course will work with many other titles.
It'll be interesting to see if, uh, folks decide to add features into their games.
Uh, paging Aaron, can we get the light to go Brown every time you do a pixel poop?
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
It was worth a shot.
All right.
We don't have a place.
There's no PlayStation 4.
Oh, you mean like an on the five through steam.
Yeah, that would be funny.
Um, I don't, yeah, I don't know about that.
Yeah.
And I'm, I'm just teasing obviously, but that's kind of cool.
All right.
Surprised that they don't have the adaptive triggers though in there.
Um, that's not, I guess that's a PlayStation 5 exclusive thing.
Yeah.
It might be something that's difficult to translate to PC too.
I don't know.
Someone will hack drivers for it and they'll have it.
It's a matter of time, but it might not be very well done.
I mean, that sounds really mean, but you know, it might not be as smooth as what you are
used to on the PlayStation.
It's not at first.
So, all right.
Uh, so we're going to go to listener round table.
If you have any questions that you're dying to know the answers to, uh, try to get those
in chat, um, because we're, we're running pretty long tonight here.
So I don't have a lot, a lot of time, but, uh, I do want to check out on the mailbag
dark soccer over at, oh, let's do it.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send your emails.
And guess what?
It's for me.
It's from me.
All right.
Um, so are you going to share with the class?
Maybe.
What's in it for me anyway?
Reaction.
Hey, hey, O R.
Hey, Jamie.
Yay.
Hi.
I finally bought animal crossing about a month ago, but I haven't started it yet.
I know you were basically obsessed.
True facts.
So I was hoping you could give me a super short and two point review to get me motivated
to start playing.
I don't really touch my switch too often, but I know I need to super short email, but
there you go.
Happy holidays.
Frodo's wagons.
Okay.
So my to the point review is, um, you take the untamed wilderness that is your Island
and you make it your bitch.
You build your town full of ingrates and you bribe them for their love.
And then in return, once they adore you, they give you a picture of themselves and you play
dress up and you fill your catalog.
But mostly it's taking this really this untamed Island and making it into your own little
personal paradise and then hitting Ed with a bug net.
My quick review would be it's the escapism we all need in this year.
Also, you bought it, so you might as well play it.
Otherwise, you know what should motivate you is that I will send you my friend code.
Oh, that's very nice with me.
I will give you the hookup in DIY recipes because go over there and shake all our trees.
She loves that.
No, don't shake my trees because I get nuts from my trees and the acorns.
Lately, I've been catching my snowflakes.
Like a good girl and making little douchebag snowboys.
Have you built a snowboy yet, Rob?
I haven't touched the game since Labor Day.
OK, so you make the little snowman thing, right?
And if you don't make him like fantastic, he's a little shit to you.
So I need to make a fantastic one, but it's just like, I don't know.
It's really hard to put like a description on what makes it addictive and fun.
It's just an escape is what it is.
And it's going in and getting the stuff to build your house the way that you want it.
And some people will do like, quote, a livable house.
You know what I mean?
Like a living room and all this shit, right?
Like I have a kitchen.
I used to have a bathroom, but I got rid of it
because, you know, in Animal Crossing, everyone pees in the woods.
So but the but like I have an alt and I made her house into like there's a tea room room.
In the basement, I have a cafe and it's just.
It's just really fun, you know, and you get to play with me,
I'm going to try to get you my friend code and I will respond back to the email with it.
All right.
Well, thank you for the email.
If you'd like to send me my friend code, too bad.
Now just message me at Dark Soccer on Twitter.
If you'd like to send us an email, I almost said at Dark Soccer on Twitter,
you can send us email participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to participate with the next Mailbag segment.
We have a couple of quick questions from chat for the roundtable.
Let me get to these.
No one special 77 in our chat asks of all the games that came out this year
or re-released this year and you got or played.
Are there any that stick out for you that you really enjoyed?
This is almost spoiling our game of the years, I think.
But I will continue with an answer that I've said several times
and I think Hades is definitely up there.
But honestly, for me, even though this is a years old game,
I would continue to say Final Fantasy 14
gives me that kind of escapism of doing stuff in a virtual world.
And I loved Animal Crossing 2, of course, but I know Jamie's gonna say that.
But Final Fantasy gave me that way to like kind of hang out with people in a virtual space
when I can't hang out with people in a real space.
And that was badly needed this year.
So that's kind of why I say that even though that game is, you know,
is one I've always talked about here on this show, but like, especially in 2020.
Dark Sakura, do I need to ask?
I'm not saying.
Loki, how about you then?
I don't know what I played this year.
Like it was funny, like a couple of days ago, like I was like, oh yeah,
that's definitely gonna be probably like my game of the year
because it was before I played Cyberpunk.
There was something that I was thinking of.
Oh yeah, I played that and that was really good.
I'm trying to think what that was and I can't remember anymore.
I have to go back and look at what I played recently, but I know that.
Go ahead.
I know there's got to be some stuff out there
that came out earlier in the year that I was really excited for.
I don't know.
I can't think of anything out of my head.
Borderlands was all right.
A lot of games I've been losing myself in are older games.
Like you guys know, I spent hours and hours on No Man's Sky.
I finally got to the point where I kind of stopped that
because I got distracted with other games, but I love that.
That's an older game.
Now Dragon Quest XI, I've sunk like 20 hours in the past couple weeks into that.
So, you know, that's an older game,
even if it did just get the definitive edition on Xbox for the first time.
So I feel like this has almost been a year of discovering old stuff in a way.
But when I really sit down and look at a calendar of everything that's come out this year,
I'm sure I'm going to have some strong contenders for game of the year.
And don't just assume it's Hades.
I haven't really sat down and weighed like what did come out in January, February, March,
because there was a lot of good stuff that came out right before the pandemic too.
All right.
Another question real quick here from actdeft.
What's a game that was featured or nominated in the game awards that you want to play but haven't?
A game that was nominated or featured in the game awards that you want to play but haven't?
The New Mass Effect?
Yeah, Dragon Age.
I think maybe talking about the actual nominated games.
I have Hades and haven't touched it yet.
Okay.
I want to play it.
Maybe...
I'm gravitating to saying The Last of Us Part II just to see what all the Hubba Balloo is about,
but I just I'm not really a zombie person,
but I guess the accessibility options might make some of that more bearable.
Oh, maybe the...
It's not really zombie zombies, you know?
Yeah, I know it's different.
I mean, I'm playing through the first Last of Us now,
and you do fight like regular people a lot.
I think I'll steal an answer from chat though,
because this game was hyped last year and I didn't get around to it.
Disco Elysium.
I still really need to get around to and play,
and they did announce that Definitive Edition is coming out.
So that would probably be on my list.
Loki?
I can't really think of anything that they announce that I'd be like super enthusiastic.
I mean, the Evil Dead game, I guess.
As far as like stuff that's nominated for awards.
Yeah, I can't really think of anything that I...
I mean, Hades, everyone keeps talking about it.
I guess that would be interesting.
Do I have that?
I want to see I have that on the Epic Store,
but maybe I don't remember.
There's a lot of stuff in my library that I don't remember.
I think that was out when the store launched,
but I don't know if they gave that out for free.
Nope, don't have that.
SG100Matt asks one more question here.
What game from your lifetimes reminds you the most about the holidays?
Like the game that you got over the holidays as a kid
that you played the hell out of that gives you fond memories.
For me, it was more a game that I rented,
but I always associate this around like the new,
that little break between Christmas and New Year's.
Super Mario Brothers 2.
That's right, going all the way back to the NES
and Mario Brothers 2.
And when I rented that game and I stayed up all night playing it
and it was off from school for a little bit
and that was like my winter break was that game.
So that's my easy answer.
How about you guys?
Darcyra?
I played so much Legend of Zelda Link to the Past
and keep in mind it was supposed to be for my brothers,
but screw them, it was my game.
So I would put that one definitely up there
as one of the big holiday things that I remember.
And Loki?
I don't remember any games I've got for Christmas.
So I really don't have anything.
I can't think of any that I purchased
or that would have been given to me.
So I don't know.
All right, all right.
Well, I think that's going to be our last question for the night
because we've got to get to wrapping things up.
I will check in though with Loki real quick or Dark Soccer
and see if there's any last minute stories.
I didn't check for any.
I don't think we had anything kind of breaking.
Yeah, I think we're getting to closing time.
It's about midnight on the East Coast
and nine o'clock on the West Coast.
So go ahead though with your thoughts.
I am planning on doing a test stream to play Hivebent 2.
Homestuck Hivebent 2.
Oh, okay.
So look at my Twitter for when I'm going to do that
because it really all just depends on how I feel.
But I'm sensitively thinking that I might do it this Wednesday, actually.
So my channel, I forgot what my fucking channel is even named.
It's a underscore olr.
I think it is.
Hold on.
I'm just going to type to myself.
You're fine.
Yeah, DarkSakura underscore olr.
FatNinjaDM talking about a holiday game says in chat,
Fantasy Star for the Master System.
I did pick up real recently and I haven't played them yet and I need to.
But the Sega Ages collection was like on hell a sale on Nintendo Switch.
And so I picked up Fantasy Star, Alex Kidd, and Fantasy Zone.
So I have all those games on Switch waiting to play.
You know I got Fantasy Zone right away.
Oh, I know.
And Dan got Outrun.
Dan fucking loves Outrun.
You know what I want, though, is I want like a different shooter pack.
I don't even know if it might already be there, but I freaking want.
Yeah, Bobby.
Bobby says I got Outrun too, but I paid 500 bucks for it because you got an arcade one up.
But I want like a classic shooter thing.
Like, like maybe like the first Don Patch or Polestar Blazing Star.
But I really, really, really, really want R-Type.
Just like R-Type.
That has like some of my favorite video game music ever.
This freaking R-Type.
Good times.
All right, Loki, did you find anything?
Nope.
All right, that's fine.
We probably need to wrap up.
We've been running.
We got a little late start tonight.
So I think the runtime on the podcast is still under three hours.
But it's now midnight on the East Coast, nine o'clock here.
And we still have to wrap a few things up before bedtime.
So thank you all, of course, for tuning into the show this week.
Thank you so much for supporting the show.
Whether you were here live or you listen on the podcast feed, we really appreciated it.
If you like this show, you can help us out by spreading the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here in studio to put out over the air, then how can we get them?
So please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
Where the mouth goes a long, long way.
What else goes a long, long way is support via Twitch,
the auto hosting and things you guys do on Twitch.
That is awesome.
Really appreciate that.
And if you do feel like supporting the show in a financial way, might I point you to the
VOG Network shop that just opened recently.
There's a few items there you can pick up to support VOG Network,
OLR and Bobby Black Wolf and other stuff to come soon.
More designs hopefully in the coming months.
But that's vognetwork.com slash shop.
I was getting to it.
So check that out.
So I'm going to repost in the chat room.
Thank you.
And I think that's really it.
Otherwise, all I have to say.
So let's say you don't even need the post in the chat room.
If you scroll down the page a little bit, there's an actual little widget there that you can
purchase stuff from.
At least it is online.
Oh, yeah, I think there is a widget right there on the VOG stream.
Bobby's been playing with that shirt that I was requesting, Rob.
I forget which one that was.
The v-neck women's shirt with the VOG logo.
You got to remind me when I'm sitting in front of a computer.
And yes, I'll do it.
Yes, we'll get it.
I said more things come, didn't I?
All right.
Well, teaser then.
And it's going to be in this shop because I want it.
That's fine.
You get your say.
OK, let's wrap up.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I'll be working more on my game this week.
My final thought is thank you for all the kind words you guys have sent over the years.
I really appreciate it.
And we have such a good community here at OLR.
I'm so thankful.
And y'all make it worth it.
And they're the fuel that keep this thing going on into almost episode 850, our 19th
year coming up.
I can't believe that 20 years is really in sight for this show.
It's pretty crazy, but I love it.
Dark soccer, last but not least, your final thought.
It's been a month and I still miss Supernatural.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week.
Happy gaming.
Catch up on your backlog.
Have fun.
We'll see you next time here on the show in seven days.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
