Music games are at a pivot as Rock Band was made compatible in Generation 8, but as of
yet there's been no big news for Generation 9.
Meanwhile Konami continues to bring the Bomani Suite to PC with five game releases now available
in Japan.
Music licensing makes releases in the West difficult, but a quick shout out to Taiko
no Tachi-Gen, Groove Coaster, Project Diva, and Kingdom Hearts, Melody of Memory all on
the Switch.
This is the 32nd Music Game Update, it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers,
and Loki with more of this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now
on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to the weekly show where every
gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Once again tonight for episode number 848, December the 20th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me here live every week, I think we may have Dark
Sakura or Jamie Summers who is having tech difficulties for the show, is she there?
Okay she's still not with us, but hopefully will be joining us at some point throughout
the show, she was having some problems with her computer beforehand, so I think she was
trying to reboot or connect from another device or something like that.
So hopefully we'll be hearing from her shortly, but I know joining us tonight, because I can
see him on cam, is Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Good, and I see that you're wearing your new OLR shirt that's available at the VoG Network
Shop, plug plug.
Yes I am.
Yeah, how is it?
It's comfortable.
It's wonderful, it's premium quality, I love it.
If it's not the greatest, I'm gonna be honest, I did not care for the mask with the logo
in the corner, because what happens is that the folding of the mask kind of makes the
logo disappear, so yeah.
But you can still get it if you want, otherwise it's a quality mask.
We have a different mask that's got like VoG super big on it, so that works too.
But all that available, the shirts are great, I actually, Loki's got the OLR shirt, I have
the VoG Network shirts, and they turned out really good, so quality products over at the
shop.
VoGnetwork.com slash shop, if you want to check that out, ooh, hi, hi DarkSakura, we
hear you, do you hear us?
Okay, she doesn't, this is gonna be very awkward, this is gonna be like the most awkward Zoom
holiday thing tonight, anyway, hi, we hear you DarkSakura, loud and clear, can you hear
us?
Okay.
I think that is a no.
She doesn't even know she's coming through on the show.
She's just trying to stress the importance of COVID testing, and you know, we should
all be vigilant, especially considering the situation.
I'm texting her right now that we heard you, you just can't hear us, that's right, you're
right, she's stressing the importance of making sure that you get tested, see, testing is
so important, COVID testing, exactly, oh, her camp's coming on, so hopefully at some
point she'll be able to see and hear us, all right, anyway, Loki, what's the game playing
behind you tonight?
I'm trying to figure it out, it looks like a 3D King's Quest sort of thing, what is that
playing behind you tonight?
It's visceral cleanup detail, Santa's rampage.
I have not heard of that.
Do you remember visceral cleanup detail is basically, it was you're coming in after like,
like a shmup, like an FPS, like shooter, and you're cleaning up all the bodies and blood
and bullets and stuff that are left behind, so that's the premise of the game.
Interesting.
So in this case, you are cleaning up after Santa's rampage through his workshop.
Is this an itch.io game?
This sounds kind of funny, I like that.
I think it is on itch.io, but it's definitely on Steam, it's been in a few humble bundles,
so that's where I got it from.
Love it.
I'm also, what was cracking me up too is that when Dark Soccer's cam came on, the room was
completely empty, like it's like, what the hell's going on, we were getting ghost Jamie
for a minute there, that's what they're saying in chat, over at our chat, can Jamie hear
us now?
I don't know if she can.
Okay, so it's still, you gotta love it.
All right, I will give our chat room a plug over at twitch.tv slash vog network because
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show, again, twitch.tv slash vog network, six o'clock Pacific, nine
o'clock Eastern.
Some comments coming in, Quest Buster says the shirt does look comfy, and if we were
in Cyberpunk, that shirt just added 180 points of armor.
Yes.
No One Special 77 is talking about, I have the Steam version of that game, the visceral
cleaning, is that what it's called?
Yeah, visceral cleanup detail, I think, or duty, yeah, I've played it before, I didn't
really know what to do in it, but having watched this video, I kind of have an idea of what
you're supposed to do.
It just, it was hard, it's a very tedious game because you have to mop stuff and you
have to move stuff around, but it's silly, a lot of people speed run it, so it's fun.
Is it part of, because I know Bobby was just doing a cheap plug for Awesome Games Done
Quick, it's coming up in just two weeks, where did the time go?
I didn't realize it was only two weeks away, but it's just, I guess it's one of those things,
2020, is this one of the games they're going to be doing?
I know they've done it in the past, I don't know if they were doing it this time, but
yeah, because originally I had actually picked Christmas Nights, but I thought that was kind
of obvious, and I think I've done that, we've done that in the past, but I wanted to mix
it up a bit, so that's why I was like, oh yeah, there's that game, and I have to remember
what the name was, so yeah, let me see if they have it in there, I don't know if it's
probably being done this year, but I know they have done in the past because I've watched
it and some of the crazy stuff they do with that.
Nice.
I think we may have had a breakthrough on the Dark Soccer tech situation, are you with
us now, Jamie?
I am, can you hear me?
You did it, yes, we hear you, all is well, hello.
My headset kind of took a dive and then my computer was having some problems booting
it up, so I finally just said fuck it, and set up my new mic.
Well it looks nice, you got your whole little pop guard and a little professional mic over
there, it looks nice.
It's one of those Audio-Technica ones, rather than like 200 and something bucks, I actually
had a really good deal and got it for 110, so why not?
Well the chat is saying you're a little quieter than usual, so you might just have to work
with the positioning and things like that, maybe get the, uh oh, get the...
Actually I think you have, it could be mixer settings on, perhaps on your side, because
I haven't found a way to increase the sensitivity over on my side.
No, because you guys are filtered through Discord, so if I change anything, it's you
and Loki.
My mic setup is for 100%, so I'll see if I've got something else that I can adjust.
Oh yeah, actually, you know what, I can always bump you up in Discord, but when you got close
to the mic there, I think you were good.
Don't you love live tech support?
Alright.
Well, that and my pop filter will not stay where the hell I put it.
It's fine.
Is this any better?
It is to me.
Chat, if she's too quiet, let me know, because I can always boost or deafen, I can use Discord
as a mixer too, if I need to.
I think I have the AT2020.
One of my friends recommended it to me, and so that's what I'm using, and I really like
their audio output, and so I decided to go for it.
You sound really good to me.
Does this sound any different than my old mic?
You sound a lot better.
It's a lot clearer, and I can hear it fine in my headset, for what it's worth, so I think
you're good.
So tech issues aside, before we get into the big gaming story this week, because of course
we are a video game podcast, and there's a lot of gaming news about one particular
game, and I know it's a game that's not really on your radar, Dark Soccer, and it's not really
on mine.
Why the fuck would I play something broken?
This is going to be a Loki segment coming up.
Skyrim is a great game.
True.
Let me just ask quickly, I know Hanukkah just finished up, so happy belated Hanukkah I suppose
at this point, but I will say I will miss our annual Christmas gathering, because you
and I historically have always gone out for Chinese food or pho, or whatever we can find
that's open on Christmas, and we don't get to do that this year because of the situation.
So I'll miss that this year.
Totally, actually.
I had a negative test.
Oh, congrats.
If y'all had negative tests, we can get some damn takeout.
Maybe we'll see.
We'll see.
We can always eat outdoors or something if it's not too cold.
Do something like that.
Okay.
It'll be fun.
It's cold.
All right.
It is a little cold.
All right.
Let's get into video game stuff, though.
Huge, big news this week.
This is kind of shocking, honestly.
And I think y'all know where this is going to go with Cyberpunk.
Let's let Loki kick this off and state the obvious that is in the back of all your minds
with this.
So Cyberpunk's a little bit rough.
So especially on the earlier gen consoles, so like a PlayStation 4 and Xbox One hasn't
been running the best.
And that was something that's been kind of...
You're very nice.
You're very nice.
It looks like Saints Row.
In fact, it's getting a lot of that Saints Row vibe from it.
But yeah, so it hasn't been running good at all.
And so they've actually come out.
CG Prodigy Red has come out and actually apologized with their wonderful yellow text
or yellow background text where they've said, first off, we would like to start by apologizing
to you for not showing the game on the base of the last gen consoles before it premiered.
And in consequence, we're not allowing you to make more informed decisions about your
purchase.
We should have paid more attention to making it play better on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Right.
But you knew.
And you also were advertising it in such a way.
And you were also preventing people from being able to review it and showcasing that stuff
as well.
So yeah, it's a little hard to feel like that's a genuine apology, but whatever.
I'm going to interject because we got a lot to unpack just in that two minutes, okay?
We got a lot to unpack.
So let's get our emotional baggage out here for a minute.
Here's the thing.
And I think this is important to state.
For a lot of people, the game isn't broken.
And I think that's important to put.
It may be kind of broken, but in a Bethesda game way, or as you said, like a Saints Row,
like there are character and Bobby showed examples of some of this on his show earlier
because he used his clipping feature to show some of this stuff.
For instance, characters that just walk right through lockers like they're not even there.
Characters that run over street poles because fuck street poles and things like that.
There's a lot of that stuff that's buggy, but otherwise the game is fine.
If you are on a high-end PC, you're playing on Google Stadia, you're playing on Xbox Series X,
you're playing on PlayStation 5, where we're running into some real tragedies are some
people that are playing on PlayStation 4 and that are playing on Xbox One.
Now, I do think it is important to make that distinction because I think there are a lot
of people out there that are like, what's the problem?
Well, the problem is that the game is not running the way people expected it to run
for a game that was advertised for the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One.
Here's where the problem gets really fucking complicated.
So, Loki, that part you said there, they put out a yellow statement and all this thing
and said, we should have realized that the game wasn't running up to speed or whatever
it was on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Did I state that correctly?
Is kind of what their line was?
Yeah, yeah.
You fucking knew.
You fucking knew.
And not only did they fucking know, they suppressed.
And how did they suppress?
When they sent out all these review copies, they told people, you have to play it on a high-end PC.
They didn't give out any review codes for PlayStation or Microsoft.
And they put out an NDA that said, you cannot show footage from this game.
You must use our approved footage.
And that should have been the first sign that something was up.
Now, I think most of us kind of went, oh, it's because of this whole Day Zero patch they're doing.
There's something really bad in the pre-patch stuff that they don't want out there.
So they want to make sure that what's being shown is a patched version.
I think that's what most of us wrote off that NDA as.
But now we're seeing there was something way more sinister going on here.
And what CD Projekt Red was really trying to avoid was the reception that Mass Effect Andromeda got.
And I know I'm invoking the Holy Series of Mass Effect here, but I'm doing it for a reason.
Why did that game get shit on?
And I mean shit on just days before it released.
Because EA stupidly put that buggy game out on that advance thing through EA.
And all these people were ripping their own footage of heads spinning round, bodies flopping on the floor and all these things that made Andromeda look like a buggy ass mess.
So everybody was like, I'm not buying that fucking game.
Dark Sakura, I will ask your opinion here because you you follow the holy book of Mass Effect like I do.
Isn't that kind of how Mass Effect Andromeda got screwed?
You're muted just so you know, it's a hard mute on Discord.
Um, kind of sort of because I don't think Mass Effect Andromeda had nearly the problems that Cyberpunk does.
I agree. I actually I definitely agree with that statement, but it's actually a pretty it was actually a pretty finished game.
It was lacking like a few touches, like the whole dead eyes thing and some of the dialogue choices.
But for the most part, it wasn't super buggy, but the Internet fixated on those bugs.
Right. And so the games there weren't many.
Right. But Cyberpunk has plenty even on the high end.
Right. And that's what CD Projekt Red was trying to hide.
And that's my point is that those few bugs, when they got out, really tanked Mass Effect Andromeda's performance.
You really I really can't be convinced that didn't impact the bottom line of of Andromeda and how it sold because of how people responded to that whole thing.
I think there were other factors in there, just simply the fact that Bioware was putting more into Anthem at the time,
and it wasn't continuing with everybody's favorite characters or their storylines, unlike what Dragon Age four is doing.
So I think that might have been more part of it than just the aesthetics of it.
Or, you know, it was it was all like too much, too new.
And then on top of that, adding in just those minor things.
Right. So on that on that, we agree.
But I had something different going for it.
Right. And I think we definitely have some common ground here because, yeah, no, I agree with you that Cyberpunk and I haven't played it.
So that's why I feel a little bit hesitant to say something definitively here.
But everything that I'm seeing online, all the reaction stuff is that it is a bug year game.
And I do think so I agree with you on that, too.
And I think the reason why I invoked Mass Effect Andromeda and the reception that it got with those bugs is that that was the situation CD Projekt Red was trying to avoid by saying you can't take your own video.
You have to show this pre-approved video.
You're not going to play it on PlayStation four and Xbox one because we know somebody knows this game doesn't run nearly as well on those platforms.
So we are going to try to continue this hype for this game going and not shoot it in the foot.
Like I think has been done in the past with other products when they released, you know, early for everybody to look at and then the warts and all kind of show up.
And I think it caused this situation now to get worse because they tried to suppress that message.
And it's the truth.
It always comes out, girl.
It always comes out.
That should have been the first clue.
I mean, the whole point of a review is honesty, I think it is.
I mean, to the developers, it's the.
OK, we want to sell our game and we want it to look a certain way, but the true heart of what a review is, is to say this is what product you are buying.
So there's a difference between a review and a sponsorship.
And they were looking for a sponsorship.
Yes, and it's interesting because there was a piece I was reading out there that was being critical of organizations that ran the review with the NDA, calling them corporate sellouts and things like this that I don't agree with that strong of a message.
I kind of think most of these review outlets gave you the tools you needed to figure it out for yourself.
They were transparent in saying there was an NDA and that there was, you know, they couldn't show actual footage from the game.
We assumed and I'll say we as part of that, too, because I remember saying it on the show that, oh, it's because of the day zero patch and they don't want to show like how bad it is.
Little did we know it's much worse.
I don't think the problem for that is with the journalists at all.
That problem. And so I think I think people who are writing pieces like that, in my opinion, and you're not going to like this, but in my opinion, you got yourself to blame for setting up that kind of industry that requires day zero reviews.
That, you know, feeds on Metacritic scores and my game is better than your game.
And I think that's on you, person that writes that piece about how all of that is bad for creating that type of gaming industry that CD Projekt Red was just playing into.
I'm not I'm not letting CD Projekt Red off the hook because I think ultimately at the end of the day, the only satisfactory end to this, the only satisfactory end to this is that the CEOs of CD Projekt Red are finished.
They retire. That's they knew this was going on.
They let the hype keep going.
They put all these constraints on it as it was.
They've got to go, period.
Not gonna though. I mean, think about it.
I, I, I don't dark soccer.
I totally get the pessimistic perspective.
I think the investors in Poland, because they are a publicly traded company in Poland, I think the investors are so pissed off.
And at the end of the day, video games are making money.
I think the investors are so pissed off about this whole situation that it is now I think it's on the table and good.
It should be on the table.
In my opinion, yeah, this is this sorry, sorry, Loki, I will let you finish.
I know there's more to say, I was gonna say this is not the fault of the developers.
This is not the fault of the artist.
This is not the fault of the people that were working their asses off on crunch time to try to deliver this game that was promised.
This was a fuck up of epic proportions by management, period.
And to kind of go along with that also, there is a story out of Bloomberg that is actually talking about the developers asking the leadership, you know, what was going on?
You know, basically saying that developers ask blunt questions about the company's reputation, the game's unrealistic deadlines and the relentless overtime in the months and years leading up to the game.
December 10th release.
So, you know, I don't know, it almost feels like like I get that I think releasing on so many platforms all at once was kind of a problem.
And I know other consoles, games have done similar things where they've postponed certain versions of it, like say, for example, you know, PC pretty solid right now, maybe release on PC and delay the console a month.
Would have been smart.
Here's what would have been smart.
Sorry, Loki. Here's what would have been smart.
CD Projekt Red should have went to Google.
The minute they knew this was going on, they should have went to Google instead.
What if we made you an offer to be exclusive on Stadia and PC for six months?
What if we made you that offer and then get the money from Google to go exclusive on Stadia?
Because the game's fine on Stadia outside of the bugs, which is which is a whole other episode of OLR about here we are now that like Stadia has got its best use case scenario by a complete use case, by a complete fuck up of another organization.
Right.
Go ahead, Jamie, you've been trying to get away.
I was going to make a point just a little bit before, but and actually, it also said it in chat is that this is a big reason why there needs to be unionization for our developers and for people who work in the gaming industry.
Yes, 100 percent agree.
This unions would have helped here, I think, quite a bit, especially when it came to the crunch time and things of that sort.
Absolutely.
So just be mindful, Jamie, if you're talking sideways on the mike, it doesn't pick up quite as much as when you're talking direct.
Sorry.
The chat, you can probably used to it.
You can also probably just drop the pop guard if it's getting in the way.
Oh, there you go.
There we go, because I don't want to, you know, spew on everybody.
So, yeah.
All right.
So Jamie's just got to get used to it.
You guys in chat.
She's got a whole new set.
She's not using a headset anymore.
She's using an adult microphone, just like the ones we had here.
It's true.
Oh, my gosh.
OK, Loki, I'm sorry.
We keep cutting you off, but this is a very passionate topic, isn't it?
Sure.
So aside from, you know, the obvious problems with the leadership, you know, some more stuff talking about like crunch, you know, they were being forced to work six hour day or I'm sorry, six days a week.
And even more so after the games, you know, final delay, they were having even more crunch involved with that as well.
And then, of course, we get word, you know, about them offering to refund the game if you're unhappy with your purchase.
So they set up a email address that is open until, well, tomorrow, they're shutting it off.
And also, apparently, you know, with that, because there were so many refunds being issued on the like PlayStation Store, Sony straight up pulled the game from the PlayStation Store.
You can't buy it digitally anymore for right now until they sort this stuff out.
So they went ahead and pulled it out.
They said SIE strives to ensure a high level of customer satisfaction.
Therefore, we will begin to offer full refunds for all the gamers who have purchased Cyberpunk 2077 via the PlayStation Store.
And we will also be removing Cyberpunk 2077 from the PlayStation Store until further notice.
It says once we have confirmed you have purchased Cyberpunk 2077 via PlayStation Store, we will process your begin processing your refund.
And then, of course, along with that, later on, Xbox also followed suit.
They brought or took it down off their storefront.
Best Buy has said basically they're going to offer refunds on the physical copies via their in store by mail through December 21st, which apparently is when there's some sort of patch coming out.
That's why it all seems to end on December 21st.
And then. What else?
So we also had a seizure product read saying that they are going to be offering some sort of refunds as well for players who are unable to secure one through the store which they purchased it.
So that'll be limited as well.
Also, apparently, the execs came out and apologized again as well, saying that they had ignored signals that the console versions that they hyped were in rough shape.
The game launched way below expectations and they ignored the signals that more time was needed to make sure that the games are ready.
It was the wrong approach and against our business philosophy.
On top of that, during the campaign, we showed the game mostly on PC.
We definitely did not spend enough time looking at PlayStation 4 and Xbox One performance.
And this is coming from the vice president, Michael Nowakowski.
And the reason we didn't show the game of PlayStation 4 and Xbox One is that we were updating the game on last gen consoles until the very last minute.
And we thought we'd make it in time.
Unfortunately, this resulted in giving it to reviewers just one day before the release, which is definitely too late.
And the media didn't get the chance to review it properly.
Are we are they really blaming the reviewers for the low scores on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One?
Because that's what sort of sounds like.
They said that was not intended.
We were just fixing the game up until the very last moment.
And yeah, let me get some comments from chat here.
Number one, and most importantly, the chat room is going bananas for Midna, which I think might be our first Dark Soccer's cat, Midna, showing up on stream during the show.
But there's Midna in mommy's arms there getting some cuddles.
Some other comments in chat talking about, even though Cyberpunk is no longer being sold on Sony Store, it is continuing to be sold on the Microsoft Store.
And I've actually seen that myself, because in the rewards app, actually, you get a thing for visiting the Cyberpunk page.
And there's a big old thing on there that says note may not currently run best on Xbox One.
Like there's a big old like disclaimer on there.
Hard to miss right now.
I guess they're just doing refunds.
I thought they were taking some funny thing that I did see online was folks complaining about the fact that if they did a refund that they still couldn't play the game.
It's like, what do you think a refund is?
You know, it's a game for free.
That is that is that is what a refund is.
You no longer have access to the product.
Stop trying to game the system.
That's not what it's worth.
Yeah. So and Bobby Black Wolf in chat saying you can still buy the PlayStation 4 disc version.
They thought it was a refund, but not a return.
So, yeah, like don't game the system, guys.
If you're playing the game and enjoying the game, the refund's not for you.
So knock it off.
But obviously, there's some people the part about that that gets me is that email that they're shutting off tomorrow.
How convenient when copies of this game are going to be showing up under the tree for many people in four or five days.
So that's kind of shady.
Another bad decision among bad decisions, but it is what it is.
Honestly, like I get I get people are unhappy with it, but like I think it will get better.
I am hoping that it at least it's got at least it's not a live service game.
So it's got that going for it.
So I think it will get better.
I'm hoping it will end up like a no man's sky where eventually it gets patched.
It it really should not have been released this way.
And it's it's frustrating to hear like almost every single major game release out there.
Now we run into the same thing at launch, some cases much worse than others.
But it's always like patching after the fact, releasing buggy games.
It's like, do we not finish a game before releasing it?
It doesn't make any sense.
Maybe the shock and awe of this situation.
And if the CEOs do get ousted by the board, which again, I hope it happens.
I really do.
I got my popcorn ready to go.
But what I don't want to happen is I don't want the studio to go under.
I do not want job loss at that studio.
I do not want the developers to suffer the consequences and the artists and those that that
is what I do not want to happen.
This the cuts need to be made at the top.
That is what has to happen in this situation.
And I hope that other companies see this situation and go, oh, you know, maybe you're
right, learn something from this and make sure this doesn't happen to future releases.
Now, I will say this, Loki, when you we talk about the game being in a better state and
everything again for me, when I do decide to get the game, when that, you know, game of
the year edition with all the DLC and all that included, when I finally do buy it, Xbox
Series X and PlayStation 5 will be the full on current generation by that point, because
we'll be in two years in and the game runs fine on those.
Well, so consider this, too, though, like the one version that you're playing right now on
the Xbox Series X or whatever is just the Xbox one version that has some additional Xbox
Series X enhancements.
It's not the actual Xbox Series X or PlayStation five versions.
Those are supposed to be coming out in March.
So the game will be even better by March.
It's just that if I think they were still trying to tune those for that additional, like
compatibility with those new systems, but they forgot, it's like, oh, yeah, you know, you
also have the base Xbox one, you know, or the Xbox one s, you know, the old stuff that
might not run it as well.
And it's we kind of saw this, you know, even way before the days of patching stuff, like we
saw some games that would be released between these consoles, you know, back on like
PlayStation two and PlayStation three and then Xbox 360 and like Xbox and all these
different consoles, like releasing a nine different consoles, you know, and obviously
some versions of the game would be good and some versions of the game would be very rough.
Well, I remember a day when like Mortal Kombat came out on the Game Boy.
And if you bought the Game Boy version of Mortal Kombat, you knew you were not going to
get the same game that the people on the Super Nintendo like you knew, but they also
didn't try to hide that.
They didn't try to hide it either.
You would see Game Boy screenshots in magazines and go, oh, that's a that's a scaled back
version of that game.
Right. And try to hide it.
That's a huge, huge difference.
I want to point out something in chat as well.
Zen Monkey in chat says it's the full game, right?
Nothing is missing. It's just buggy.
So it's not a no man's sky, in my opinion.
I agree with that.
A lot of comparisons to No Man's Sky.
I think these are hugely different scenarios.
Now, I'm not just saying that because, yes, I'm a fanboy of No Man's Sky now.
But I remember when that game came out, the problem with that game was not that it was a
buggy, unplayable mess or that, you know, the problem in that game was that the hype
machine got out of control.
And it's what I'm calling the Molyneux effect.
OK, it's the the Peter Molyneux effect, meaning I hyped the shit out of something I
couldn't really deliver on.
It didn't necessarily make the game bad fable, but the game was not exactly what we had
promised. In fact, in many ways, it wasn't what we promised.
But I remember when that came out, I remember go back to the episode when that game came
out and I reviewed it and I said, it's not that bad.
It's a little bit dry, but I think I enjoy this game more than most because I always
questioned those speeches that they were giving when they were showing off the game.
And I always was the one going, where's the game?
What's the game? And I refused to buy into the hype with that game.
Therefore, when the game came out, I was like, it's OK.
And now we're in a spot years and years later where the game is better than OK.
In fact, I would say it's a must play if you haven't played it yet, especially when it
comes to Series X and PlayStation 5, assuming they ever fix that HDR thing.
But Series X, for sure, it's a must play at this point.
I think it's a very different sort of thing.
But I'm not saying, oh, it wasn't a problem at all.
No, it was a problem. It was a different problem.
And I'm not even sure this CD Projekt RED, pardon me, Cyberpunk thing is as big of an
issue as one other game I can think of.
Actually, can I mention real quick, I know we want to get to other stories tonight.
We don't want the show to run too long.
I ran an informal poll on my Twitter account about this whole thing.
So did you see my poll?
Did you guys vote in my poll?
OK, I did not see your poll.
OK, here's the question I asked.
Is Cyberpunk and Tigerclaw will find the link and post the poll because he usually
does so I'm not putting them on the spot or anything.
OK, here's the tweet I wrote.
It said, is Cyberpunk 2077 the biggest failure of an organization's management and
executives in video game history?
And believe it or not, one hundred and seven people voted in my poll.
So this is very scientific, you guys.
Fifty three percent.
Your question was quite loaded.
Maybe. Well, here's the answer.
Fifty three percent said yes.
Forty seven percent said stop being dramatic.
So there's people that do think it's pretty.
Now, looking back and when I wrote that question, obviously it was very tongue in
cheek. It was a tweet, you guys.
It wasn't a scientific poll.
I actually think Final Fantasy 14 1.0 was a bigger fuck up that was so bad, so bad that
it almost killed an entire franchise dating back to like 1987.
But there's there are things about this cyberpunk scenario that make it quite
unique. And the good news is in Final Fantasy 14, they were able to fix it years
after the fact. But the Final Fantasy 14 now is like not even the same game it was
when it came out. That's how they fixed it.
They just released a new game called Final Fantasy 14 that had some of the same
ideas. So.
So, Loki, now that you know the question, is this the biggest management fuck up and
specifically management, is this the biggest management fuck up of no time of all
time? Yes. Or stop being dramatic?
Stop being dramatic.
This isn't that. It could be worse.
I mean, how like was it last year with WWE, their 2K game?
I mean, that's pretty bad.
And then on top of that, you know, they also want to charge for microtransactions.
I mean, geez, it's like.
Every few months we have one of these, so I don't think it's the worst anthem.
I mean, Fallout 76, anyone?
I mean, there's so many, so many to choose from.
And yeah, looking looking back on it, I'm not sure it would be the biggest ever, but
I think it's going to be one of the most memorable.
I think Fallout 76 tops it.
I mean, like that is just.
How ironic. Look at my shirt I'm wearing.
Do you see the shirt I'm wearing today?
One mistake after another.
I mean, it's like over and over and over again.
And it's just like they can't do anything right.
Anything like it was just all sorts of messed up.
I don't know what the state is now.
I'm assuming since I haven't heard about it in a while, it's slightly better.
But like it was just all over the place.
OK, of course, some comments and chat coming in on this.
No one special says the virtual boy says hi.
Let's see, S2100 Matt says this is an E.T.
on the Atari that folks are treating this like.
That is a great.
You know what? I'm going to give a gold star chat comment of the week to that comment.
I didn't even think of that.
But that is also a brilliant example of how management fucked a game, because I know that
Howard Scott Warshaw, who authored that game, worked his fucking ass off to deliver it in
six weeks, because that's what management made him do, because that was the deal that
was reached with Steven Spielberg and all that to get the game out for Christmas and
all of that stuff.
So I think you gave a real damn good example of something that's almost a bigger
management fuck up because and then that game caused the video game crash of 1983.
OK, maybe not directly, but things like that decision definitely caused the entire
industry to kablamo.
So let me let me offer something.
This is going back to a previous point.
Last comment on this and then we'll move on.
Well, it's kind of a bigger commentary, but I want to offer up this thought.
So we talked about, you know, if the industry had been unionized recently or that they
should unionize, what if the industry had unionized prior to the 83 crash?
Who would we be in a situation like this?
What we have to deal? I mean, I still think we would have things like these, you know,
got awful microtransactions or we'd we'd still have to see, you know, rushed releases.
But the thing is, it's actually we may not see the rush releases because employees would
be set for a certain number of hours, a certain number of privileges for the work they
put into the game.
And the the managers, the ones who were basically fucking shit up, they would be the
ones who then go and then have to maintain those standards.
So they would be held liable to it as well.
And we might actually get more realistic development cycles.
The other thing that I'm thinking of in this one, too, is that now this is you know, I've
been putting a lot of thought to this and what you bringing up the crash really made me
want to focus on it more.
The other thing, too, is that just going into the social standpoint of working in the
video game industry, we may not have some of the disparities that we have right now, too.
I'm going to give a very blunt response to the question that you may think I'm joking,
but I'm not.
OK, no, I'm going to give you my very honest answer, and this is going to be something
where you're like, I am not happy Rob said that, but it's it's the truth.
If video game unions in 1983 meant that cocaine would be forbidden in the workplace, the
industry would not be in the position it's at now.
No, I I understand that.
Trust me.
Like that, that's real talk.
Like if that meant there was no cocaine, folks, I'm just saying, how do you think those
games got turned around in six weeks, like and the winners?
Why do you think, OK, here we go.
Hello, Pandora's box.
We're going to open you.
We're going to unpack some stuff.
Hello, maybe in the US, Rob.
Why do you think the video game industry then felt such an onus to put these things on
their games about FBI warning winners don't use drugs and all this stuff in the 90s
because the video game industry was born from drugs in the 80s?
Like so much of it was like and again, I'm sorry, it's not the answer anyone wants to
hear, but it's just the reality.
So like I but I guess I'm not I'm not trying to just discredit your point, dark soccer.
I just think like games were developed in such a different way in the 1980s versus the
way they're done today.
I'm actually I almost feel like the effect a union would have in the 80s would just have
completely transformed everything like we wouldn't have E.T., we wouldn't have Yars
Revenge, we would have any of it because we didn't have drugs.
That's one thing. But I also do sort of think that and I'd actually have to dig more into
that because now I'm curious as to the whole winners don't use drugs, you know, crack.
But I'm thinking that maybe there might have been just some sort of subsidy or some sort
of requirement for publishing.
I have to look at what the jurisdiction was when all that was going down, because we
don't see it anymore in our very few modern arcade releases that we happen to get.
But it's sort of my thought that that might have been some sort of almost subsidizing
like a like our current YouTube ads and crazy things like that.
Make sense?
Yeah, no, for sure.
For sure.
It was it was government subsidy to put a little bit more money into the entertainment
industry. I don't know.
That's that's a theory, a game theory.
Hey, now they didn't pay for that ad.
I know. I was joking.
That's called parody.
I know I can parody.
All right. But anyway, you see what my point was.
I do. I do know that.
And that's why. But my brain instantly went to, well, you'd have that, but you wouldn't
have this.
No, I imagine they pass some eight balls around, you know, I'm just saying, you know,
had a little line here and there.
No, I've talked to some of those game developers.
I know things, Rob.
Yeah, I know. I know.
So this is again, and the reason why I'm hesitant is as I don't want to sound like I'm
glamorizing it or endorsing it or any of that stuff.
I'm really not.
But I also realize it is a very harsh reality about how we got from point A to point Z.
So, yeah, no, right.
It just makes me it's sort of those what ifs.
No, I know. I get it. I get it.
All right. Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks, whether it was, you know, affected by substances or
not. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
All right. How is your gaming?
I sure was. I went on a bender this weekend.
Dark Saga, how was your gaming week?
I played something other than Animal Crossing, Rob.
What?
Well, I did play Animal Crossing.
I mean, it's like the sufficient amount of my gaming time.
But I played around on the Switch online store just trying to, you know, I was looking
around to see what some of the SNES games were.
And I found one of my favorite little shooters on there was just Poppin' Twendy.
And I set it for wimp mode and just had a good time playing a couple of stages.
You know, I was like, oh, I remember this.
And then I remembered I sprained my thumb and so tapping repeatedly on that button to
fire my weapons, you know, and I was like trying to remember what color the bells did
what and realized that, you know, I don't like the the purple weapon as much as the
green weapon. And but I had I had a good time playing.
It was a sort of memories.
You know, this was back from when I would have my SNES emulator and would, you know,
download these ROMs because hello, who didn't and played, you know, these, you know.
Japanese SNES games that never, Super Famicom games that never got released in the US.
So there's a few others on there, there's Pano de Pon, which I might go back and play.
There's Mario P-Cross, which I'm not a P-Cross fan, but, you know, there was there's a
few other things on there that I was checking out and I might actually consider finishing
my run through of Mother, but I found my my GBA somewhere.
I don't know where it is now.
Again, it vanishes it unearths itself like, you know, Internet trolls, but I'm considering
playing my translated cart of Mother 3 because there's been like some discussion on it for
this. I don't know if we're going to have this in there.
I didn't see it in the show role.
I might have overlooked it, but there was a whole thing about how Nintendo doesn't want
to do games that evoke sadness.
You can get into it.
It that whole thing started like two minutes after I sent out the show role for tonight.
So it's it's breaking news, if you will.
Well, and one of one of my people I follow on there was saying, oh, now Mother 3 will
never come out on on the switch for any of the releases or anything like that.
And I was like, you know, maybe you're taking that out of context, but it did seem very.
It's like the toxic positivity thing, does that make sense?
Oh, yeah.
And I'm like, you if you deny the bad that happens in your life, you can't appreciate
the good as much or you're compartmentalizing it, you're not dealing with it.
And I think Nintendo, given the fact that the games that they've had that have a vote
for those emotions, do it so well and relatively safely.
I think that that was a poor choice of something to say, does that make sense?
Yep.
Toxic positivity is what I call James Corden.
Who?
It's fine.
OK, if that's a TV thing, I don't get it because I only watch Supernatural and it's
gone.
Kinda.
It's all right.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Words.
No.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was OK.
So I started off working on my game.
I've been trying to research how to do animated tiles and haven't had a lot of luck.
I did manage to create a really irritating flashing screen that animated tiles, but it's
not the right way to do it.
And so it's been a lot of research this week, not a whole lot being made in the game,
just more just figuring out how to do stuff.
But I'm realizing I'm getting to the point where, you know, I don't know if it's going
to I'm going to figure it out.
There is a way to do it.
I just don't know how code wise.
So I'll have to research some more, but I am probably going to work some more on the
actual game and other parts.
And then I've been playing some more Minecraft with my kids.
So we've been playing on our realm.
I've been trying to fix with some of the last updates I've done.
It's broken some of my plugins a little bit, so I was trying to reload some stuff and
update things, but man, like realms on Minecraft, they're just janky as hell.
So they really don't respond well to updating plugins that are in there or add ons into
the game.
So you have to, I don't know, like I've tried so many times just to like add one more
plugin on there and I've removed like several of them, but it's just sometimes they'll
just time out or refuse to load or whatever the case may be.
So it's, it's just been a struggle, but still built the castle and helped my son with
some redstone stuff.
So we've been just doing that, just messing around.
Nice.
And a little bit of hornet.
How's Pixel Poops coming along?
Well, that's what I was saying, you know, with Pixel Poops, I've been just researching
how to do animated tiles in the nest because it's a lot harder than I, well, everything's
hard with the NES, but so I was trying to find a way to just up, you know, reload tile
sets and stuff.
So they'd swap it out, but it takes too long to do that.
And so that's where I was getting that weird flickering effect.
I think I posted it on Twitter just to show like the animated tiles.
Maybe I just mentioned it, but so now there's another method that you can do that, which
is updating the name table.
But in order to do that, I have to read from the name table.
And that's also tricky as well, because it's in the the picture processing unit when you're
doing that.
It's just, it's so complicated, but I may just give up on the animated tiles and just
move on with creating more assets for the game.
So I'll probably end up doing that and the other things I want to implement.
But I really would like animated tiles.
It would really look nice, but leave it and come back to it later.
You know, maybe I'll have a breakthrough somewhere else that leads to that.
That's what I've been doing.
It's just been just trying to understand how things work in the NES and how it loads up
and everything.
So but yeah, I'll come back to it probably.
OK, my gaming week.
So nothing really new.
I've been continuing on with a lot of things I've been talking about here on the show,
continuing on with Dragon Quest 11.
I'm even further into that game, probably like 25 hours in at this point, getting making
progress on that.
And then I was playing quite a bit of Pokemon Go slash Ingress slash Orna, like all the GPS
games.
I was doing a lot of that yesterday just because, you know, it's Saturday.
I didn't have much to do, so I was like, well, let me go walking.
I'm going to go on some hikes, some adventure.
I'm going to go get some hard to get portals that take, you know, like one of them.
I had to do like a mile and a half walk in a mile, half walk back, you know, but that's the
type of stuff where I needed the motivation.
And then, of course, since I was doing Pokemon Go with that, I was like, I don't think I
should do this Mr.
Rhyme event because they want eight bucks so you can catch a particular.
But I did it because I'm a sucker and consumer whore and how Mr.
Consumer Whore and but I was like, you know what, I'm so bored and this is like a little
incentive to go outside and do some stuff and walk around.
And I do like Mr.
Rhyme.
He's really funny.
So I was like, whatever, even though I'm sure he will be obtainable in the game in like three
months because that's what they did with Genesect and some of the other releases that they did
in a similar way.
But but but I also don't know because Mr.
Rhyme, the base one from Gen one has been a region exclusive to the UK, and we haven't been
able to get that here until they did an event here at one point where you were able to get that
and Kangaskhan, like you're able to get all the exclusives pretty easy during that event.
Yeah, you probably played during that event or maybe you traded whatever.
But I don't know if they're going to maybe do the Galarian one differently when they release it
or what.
So, yeah.
So I was like, whatever.
I didn't feel great about endorsing Niantic doing that, but I was really bored.
So forgive me.
Otherwise, how many things do you get away with just because you're bored?
Murder?
Why did you kill him?
I was bored.
All right.
But a serious note.
So kind of speaking of Pokemon, I think I talked about this on a previous episode, but like I kind of
played even more of it this week.
I've been playing a lot of Pokemon Shield.
My save file is up to almost 60 hours at this point.
And that's because of Pokemon Home and kind of unveiling that central dex kind of motivated me to.
And here's the shocking thing about this whole like Rob is suddenly super into the Pokemon
mainline games.
This isn't a shame thing.
And this might shock you like, wait, wait, wait.
He didn't bully you into this somehow?
No, like, actually, I don't think he really believes that it's happening.
In some ways, but my dex in Shield is up to like 310.
At this point, I have a spreadsheet tracking everything I need to get and how I get it and the
ones I need to level up and the ones I need to trade with somebody.
I've been using Pokemon Home to do some of the trades like Lunatone is in Shield, but
Solrock is in Sword.
So I traded that in Home and you even get stickers for doing some of that stuff for your
profile.
And so it's I don't know what finally set me off on the mainline Pokemon games.
But I guess Home and Quarantine and Pokemon Go kind of affecting the mainline games that
regard kind of all just suddenly gave me this incentive where I'm like, I am going to
catch them all.
Yes, I am.
Just like I'm going to do it.
I'm going to catch them all this time.
So that's what I've been working on.
No DLC until I catch them all.
That is my rule.
So maybe in a couple of weeks on the show, once I've caught them all, I will get into the
DLC and all that stuff.
So, all right.
But that's yeah.
So I've been spending a lot of time on Pokemon.
Weird, right?
All right.
Let's see.
Sia Tabiri in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says, Rob, catch him right here, folks.
I guess.
I mean, it only took how many years?
Isn't Pokemon having like its 20th anniversary, no, 25th anniversary right now.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
We got a lot of news to get into.
We've been talking a lot, so let's get to it.
Loki, other big news and announcements this week.
Yeah.
So they had this cool Nintendo Direct covering the Indies again.
So this Indie World Showcase and during their like 15 minute live stream, they had, uh,
several different games that they talked about.
So some of the more notable stuff, obviously, uh, we had a Super Meat Boy Forever.
It's going to be, uh, exclusive to the Switch on December 23rd.
Uh, also there was, um, Fist of Fluffs, which is a physics based, uh,
cat fighting game.
So that was kind of fun.
Um, there's also a course, uh, very, very valet, which reminds me of like those,
um, how like the, the cooking games that they have, um, where it's like a cooking
party game, so that's supposed to be coming out early 2021, like overcooked
those games, yeah, like overcooked, but like parking it's like that.
Or, um, there was another one with also like moving, um, boxes and stuff.
It's a similar type of kind of, uh, chaotic, uh, four player co-op type thing.
So that's, uh, a valet game that's going to be coming out.
And, um, Cyber Shadow, which looks a little like, it looks like it took a
little too many cues from Ninja Gaiden, but it's like a cyberpunk, uh, Ninja
Gaiden game, and that's coming out, uh, January 26th.
There was, there was another game I played recently cause it was on, is
it the last messenger?
Is that the game?
There's some game on a Xbox game pass.
It's it is straight up, not even shy that it's like a Ninja Gaiden game.
Yeah.
Well that one, that one's like a Ninja Gaiden game.
This one, like the sprites look almost identical and the cut scenes really
resemble the original cut scenes.
In fact, like I would almost say that they were copied, but it's not, it's,
it's very like, like if you were, if you were to show someone that in like,
they may think it's a Ninja Gaiden sequel, like from the original NES.
But anyways.
And Act F says it is the messenger.
I added another one.
Yeah, the messenger.
Yeah.
I remember that one.
So, um, what else?
Of course, uh, the very big announcement was that, uh, that Among
Us is going to be out that day on the Switch.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, some other cool stuff that they're showing off as well.
Uh, going back to Cyber Shadow real quick.
So, um, if you scan your amiibo for Shovel Knight, it also adds like a power
up to the game, which is kind of neat.
They showed off also, uh, this game called Alba, the wildlife adventure,
which is kind of more of like a calming, uh, you know, not Pokemon snap, but it's
a game where you take pictures of wildlife.
I know there's like another game they're showing off for like the
PlayStation four is kind of similar.
So there's that, um, yeah.
Yeah.
So lots of cool indie games that were being shown off there.
And, uh, uh, Tunchi, or I think that's how to spell that Tucci or Tunchi, uh, which
was a 2d beat him up game that's set in the Amazon reinforce also has, um, the
character from hat and time in there as well.
And yeah, so lots of cool stuff to be, I mean, I like how they do showcase their
Indies every, almost every month or every few months, at least every month, we're
getting one of those and the, the among us thing of course, was, was big news
because, uh, you know, just how big that game is.
Um, it is kind of interesting though, that even they kind of suggest that, you
know, you use a voice chat app.
To use it, which is interesting.
They don't even say use the Nintendo app and probably because they don't
let the third parties use the direct Nintendo app to do voice chatting.
Um, but they suggest using a voice chat app.
I wonder if it's interesting cross-play.
I, I don't know what they have this version coming out and then there's
the one that's on games fast.
I wonder if this is all cross-play like PC and, uh, I think PC and Android
and stuff are all cross-play as well.
As far as I know.
Yes.
I'm waiting.
I'm hoping somebody in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network will let us
know because I do see a couple of people are saying that they picked up the game
on switch this week.
So I'm curious if they played with people on PC.
I don't see why it wouldn't be cross-play.
Uh, okay.
And act F confirming it is cross-play.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, that's very good.
All right.
Um, so moving on, let's talk about some other big news that came out this
week because it's not often you see Nintendo, Sony and Microsoft all
coming together to make a statement.
So this was everybody getting together to make one statement.
Now, how often do you get that in the gaming industry?
Not very often.
And that's kind of what made this newsworthy.
Now, uh, it was posted on the official X-Box website, the X-Box, uh, newswire.
Um, so I don't know if that indicates that they started the conversation or what.
It could also just be that they have, you know, um, the, or they were the first to
get out the press release or whatever.
I don't know.
But anyway, uh, it is a statement basically about, uh, kind of reaffirming
that, uh, gaming is for everybody.
And we need to basically take efforts to have a shared commitment to safer gaming
for everybody.
So that was kind of nice to see coming from all of those companies.
Um, so it was a very long, uh, kind of, uh, statement with this, but it was nice to
see them all come together.
Let me try to get some of the highlights from this statement here.
We believe gaming is for people of all ages, including our youngest and most
vulnerable players.
Technology makes compelling entertainment experiences possible, and we want to
ensure that those experiences, especially when they involve interaction with others
are positive and respectful.
Um, at Xbox, we are aligned with both Nintendo on behalf of the community of
Switch players and PlayStation in our belief that protecting players online
requires a multi multidisciplinary approach, one that combines the benefits
of advanced technology, a supportive community, and skilled human oversight.
We can accomplish more when we work toward the same goal, and so we will each
continue investing in evolving and amplifying our approaches to user safety.
As we continue this work, we will prioritize protecting the safety of our
players, especially those most vulnerable.
And then they get into principles that will guide their work.
The first one is prevention, letting players control or letting, uh, providing
controls that will let players customize their gaming experience.
Uh, safety features have to be easy to use, inform play parents and players
through code of conduct, terms of use, investing in technology to thwart
improper conduct.
I'm very much summarizing these bullet points for time.
Uh, partnership, uh, partnering with the industry regulators and law
enforcement, uh, reinforcing a commitment to safety, um, working with industry
trade organizations, including and law enforcement and experts, uh, for advanced
online safety initiatives, uh, shared research between the big three, for the
better of the industry, we believe that hate and harassment or exploitation of
younger players in any way have no place in gaming.
Um, and then responsibility.
We will hold ourselves accountable for making our platforms as safe as possible
for all players, making it easy for players to report violations of the code
of conduct and removing content and enforcement actions for violation,
complying with local laws, publishing rules and requirements, and, um, basically
re-restating that the partnership of to work together, uh, is, is going to help
everybody and, and protect, uh, children and so forth, uh, and that working
together, they'll accomplish more than alone.
So then why don't they also take the same approach and apply it toward, uh, their
studios, toward their employees, treating other employees properly and making a
safe working environment?
Uh, great question.
And I think to be fair, I feel like, uh, specifically Microsoft who put out this
original release, I feel like, and unfortunately I don't have the, the press
release to back, I feel like they have made that kind of commitment previously.
And when we hear about some of these, uh, studios that are, you know, work to the
bonus, it's not usually coming out of Microsoft.
Um, and some of the Sony stuff too, but then of course we all heard about the,
the last of us part two crunch time, but that was naughty dog who is not, are they
specific?
Are they owned by Sony?
But my, my thought is I get what you're saying though, but beyond that, not
just internal in their studios, but the fact that they work with some of these
studios that have some atrocious, uh, gender issues and, uh, just bigotry in
their studios.
Um, I would think that they would also want to apply that standard to, uh, well,
if they were being truly adhering to that standard, that they would want to also,
uh, not work with companies until they've also committed to it in house and out of
house.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
And Bob coffee confirming they are Sony owned.
Sorry, I'm having a brain fog moment.
I'm just, I'm kind of, why don't they fall under that same, but anyway, forget it.
Um, some also some folks in chat noting that swap note got an update this week,
which is relevant to the conversation because Nintendo had patched that because
of the whole, you know, kids getting exposed to stuff.
So weird.
So yeah, no, I'm with you, dark soccer.
This, this strikes me as a, um, this is, this is nice.
This is a nice message.
This is, this is a good, um, guiding principles document.
Now back it up right now.
Now, you know, show the action that backs it up, that it's not just words,
but it is nice that the three of them are, are putting a unified front on this.
That's for sure.
Cause you don't see that every day.
I'll give it that.
All right.
Well, with, with that, let's move on to our next story.
Speaking of kids, kinda.
Well, um, China has made some changes.
They didn't really have a formal age rating system for video games.
Whereas here in the U S and in Canada, we've had ESRB and, uh, Europe has
had the Peggy system PGI.
And so they have a new system that was, uh, put together by, uh, I believe
Nico partners that is, uh, one of six measures proposed by the China
state administration of press and publications.
Um, I'll go into the other proposals in a moment, but this system is
supposed to strengthen their current regulation, uh, uh, around minors
to prevent video game addiction.
So now they have, um, and it's been through 41 revisions according to this.
So, uh, it looks like they are being rated eight plus, which is green 12
plus blue 16 plus yellow.
The 18 plus rating is gone.
We don't know what happened to it.
I think it graduated and left the house.
But at any rate, um, uh, publishers have to display the relevant age
rating on the game's website, the login screen and other materials,
including box art manuals, stuff like that.
Um, now in other news, um, and this kind of goes along with it.
Um, other proposals that have gone with this are real name identification
systems, which we know how the fuck that works for people.
Um, playtime cap for minors, uh, the limit spending that a minor can,
can spend in online games, uh, other options to work with parents and
schools, and then working with local regulators.
So, um, the quote, uh, that the, uh, analyst firm, uh, said is that, uh,
they don't expect any measures to have quote a material impact on game
publisher earnings and growth, especially since miners are a lower
percentage of spenders.
Yeah, but who buys the games for the miners?
Just saying.
So, yeah, it's, it's interesting to see how it plays out.
I mean, in China also has a fairly, um, stringent system anyway, especially
with how they censor things.
Um, I guess it might make more sense for there.
I, you know, and I don't, I, I certainly understand wanting to, um, do playtime
caps to limit the spending, but should that not be the parent's job?
But then again, China has a lot more hands-on approach to, uh, their
population.
Mm-hmm.
I was, I was interested, I thought it was interesting.
They didn't already have a rating system similar to, you know, yeah, they did.
It just wasn't an official system.
It was like a suggestion.
Like a suggested system.
Got it.
So, well, technically, I guess technically the, the stuff we see with the ratings here
isn't like a government mandated system, but it was a system that the industry had
to come up with or else the government was going to come up with its own system,
which we know would have been terrible because it was the government's.
So it was, yeah, it was kind of that sort of situation.
So technically the rating system we have here is kind of unofficial, but then I guess
we've also tried to see where they've built laws around it too.
It's industry official.
So I do consider it to be official, just not federally mandated.
Yeah.
However, there wasn't any sort of uniform system.
They had like, I believe it was a generalized system.
Maybe it was a little bit more uniform, but I think now they are working specifically
with the government because we've seen other stories come out of Japan with, you
know, gaming cafes and kids, you know, spending their parents' money and other
things like that.
And, you know, I know that, of course, under that regime, they've got many
different, I'm trying to be as diplomatic about this as possible.
I gotcha.
Different things culturally and legislatively that are playing into a decision to have
this be nationally mandated.
Yeah.
And, and I don't live there.
I don't really know many people who live in China who are gamers who operate under these systems.
You know, I have personally seen an IQ once in my life, in real life, which we know what
IQ is.
It was Nintendo's way of releasing games in China.
But overall, it's, I mean, maybe it's a good thing.
We'll see.
I mean, I think that the over here, if parents actually paid attention to the ESRB ratings,
then there'd be probably fewer complaints.
But, but I don't know.
We'll see if we have any listeners in China.
I don't know if we do or how, let us know how, how the system works over there.
I'd be very curious to know more about it.
For sure.
All right.
Well, let's move on to some big changes over here.
Loki.
Yeah.
So apparently there was, um, Codemasters was looking to be purchased and originally they
had a bid from Take-Two Interactive last month for $1 billion.
Well, EA has swooped in and now, uh, purchased or made the agreement to purchase of the company
for $1.2 billion.
Of course, that would bring in a lot of racing series to EA.
But then again, it's also EA who they just, they just go in there and just fleece it dry
and stuff it full of microtransactions before they finally kill off the actual company.
So, all right.
Well, apparently though, uh, it's supposed to, the acquisition is supposed to be completed
by the first quarter of 2021.
Um, and of course that'll give them a lot more racing games under their belt, aside
from of course, Need for Speed and, um, Burnout.
So.
Cool.
Yeah.
Don't know what else to say on that one.
It's kind of one of those hope it goes well for Codemasters.
I mean, certainly it'll get their games out there, I think for broader and there's going
to be a lot more of a, uh, marketing and ad budget.
Not to say that didn't exist, but I think, you know, with, with as huge of a company
as EA is, um, there will definitely be a big boost with that.
And I guess if you want to look at it a certain way, that means more Codemasters stuff will
show up on EA Play, which in turn will go to Game Pass.
Although I think a lot of the Codemasters stuff is already on Game Pass anyway, but,
you know, kind of interesting.
Whatever.
It, it is what it is.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about, I think this is cool.
Um, I don't know how many of you guys saw that direct this week of the Super Nintendo
World theme park.
So Miyamoto actually went out and showed over in Japan at, uh, uh, the, the, um, universal
studios out there, what this new land is going to look like.
And it looks really cool.
Now I know you probably guys would expect me to play this on Twitch, but, um, remember
we are trying to record a podcast and I know there's many folks that listen to the audio
throughout the week.
So I didn't want to detract from that too much.
I will just urge everybody to check out this direct, um, when you can get a chance.
It was posted on December 18th called the Super Nintendo World Direct.
And it looks like really cool.
And it is interesting to hearing them talk about some of the things that had to be considered
for, um, the world that maybe they didn't have to think about before.
Like, what does the inside of a warp pipe look like?
They've never really shown that before.
I think maybe it was represented in some of the cartoons and stuff, but that isn't really
canon.
Um, so what is the inside of a warp pipe look like?
Yeah.
So they actually show looking at the Kenopios pictures.
Oh, have you not seen this yet?
Oh, it's so good.
I've seen some of it, but I'm actually looking at just some of the, the pictures I've seen
a lot of the pictures that were posted on Twitter, but yeah.
Yeah.
A lot of these are just ridiculously cute.
And, um, I would get on a plane for this.
Yeah.
It's really that attention to detail that is really stunning with this whole thing.
Uh, and technically dark soccer, you don't really have to get on a plane because this
world will be coming to universal studios, um, in Hollywood, as well as the park in Orlando,
Florida.
So kind of like, um, how, when they got the rights to Harry Potter, they did the wizarding
world in Florida.
They did one in, um, LA and I think Japan has one of those too.
So it's kind of that concept, um, with this.
So all the parks right now.
Oh yeah.
It's not a good time.
No, now is not a good time for theme parks.
I mean, it looks very limited in size, but I know that's the same with the wizarding
world of Harry Potter.
There's like maybe one or two attractions there.
And then that's it, which is kind of disappointing.
If it's super Nintendo world, it's like, well, it's Mario and Mario and done.
There's no room to put anything else.
Also with the wizard world, it's different in Florida than it is in Hollywood.
And I kind of think it sounds like Florida has the better version because they have more
rides.
Um, but they also have more real, they, they ha they have a boatload of real estate to
play with in Florida.
That's why there's like five Disney parks in Florida.
And in the, in the U S and Anaheim, it's always like, what are we going to lose to
get something new?
Like, yes, they're building a whole Avengers section in a Disney California adventure,
but guess what?
The bugs life stuff is gone now because they had to take something out.
Nothing was lost.
Nothing of value was, well, there was that, there was that train with all the sense.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's that too.
Yeah.
Hey, you know what?
I still found, uh, I found my, uh, video that I took of them singing happy trails and it
makes me sad.
Yeah.
Well, and, and Bobby, um, made a comment in chat saying now is the best time for theme
parks to be building new experiences.
Yes.
Um, this is a great time.
Yeah.
Building.
Yes.
Um, opening, not so much, but by the time this gets to California, you know, we're talking
at this point, 2022, maybe 2023.
And I think theme parks will be back on the table for discussion when we get that far
out, hopefully they go, Oh God, I hope so.
So anyway,
I'm curious to see though what the new, uh, Mario Kart ride is.
Cause it kind of briefly touched on it that it's got like some AR component to it.
Um, but they didn't really show if it's like a rollercoaster or if it's like kind of one
of those, just motion rides, not like motion ride, but like, you know, trackless motion
ride, I guess.
Um, or something like that.
I don't know.
You know, maybe it is a rollercoaster.
I don't know.
Oh, think cars like California adventure.
I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'd be cool.
Yeah.
That'd be fun.
Especially if you get to throw red shells at people, that'll be the best part.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm moving on.
Let's get the spin out when you get hit with the red shell.
Blue shells.
It just sends everyone to the back of the line to get into the ride.
Um, another thing that's at those theme parks at universal is the Simpsons ride.
Cause the one in a Hollywood, uh, replaced that back to the future ride.
I don't know if you guys remember that from when we were really young, but, uh, yeah.
Now they have that Simpsons ride.
Um, and that one, I like that ride.
That one's really fun.
But what makes that ride is like the whole queue and every, there's so many jokes leading
up to it.
It's great.
But, um, dark soccer has some Simpsons related news, right?
I do.
And not only is it Simpsons news, it's Dreamcast news.
You know, I love me some Dreamcast.
Same.
So, um, there, um, there was a, uh, a dev kit that was found.
Apparently it was a, uh, broken Dreamcast dev kits hard drive that had this.
And it looks like as a playable demo for a game called the Simpsons bug squad.
Um, so as far as we can tell from this video, um, you're playing as a bug and the Simpsons
are walking around.
Um, it was a tech demo, but at any rate, it, it was supposed to be though, for a title
that was called Simpsons bug squad, I think it's just, you know, setting it up.
It was, uh, by, uh, red lemon studios who is no longer among the, the living.
Um, and it actually, I mean, for the demo, it looked really good.
It was all cell shaded.
It looked very much like the show.
I mean, if it's just, you know, cell shaded, non textured, uh, 3d, then that wouldn't really
have been too difficult for the Dreamcast to do.
Um, but it looks pretty cool.
I watched a little bit of the video.
There are, uh, tools out there to learn how to make it playable.
So you can check it out for the places that still probably have it up.
Um, but it looks pretty cool.
Um, and I just like when we find more things, uh, little tidbits on these development systems
that people pick up for a song that are able to pull, uh, games out like that or demos
like that.
I just think it's pretty cool stuff, you know, what could have been.
And the guy said that there was some additional, uh, tech demos on there from that same developer.
So it's exciting to see what other things they have considering that they were working
on a lot of games, uh, developed for Fox interactive.
So it'd be interesting.
And even that like tech demo of the Simpsons game, that looked really good for like a Dreamcast
game.
Like that's, you know, I don't know, it's pretty solid.
Did genuinely have really good looking games.
Um, I mean, yeah, every, every system has its, you know, steaming turds, but in this
case, um, I, it, especially for a game that's, that's a cell shaded game like this.
That, um, you know, like I said, wouldn't have any major textures on it.
It, I would expect it to actually run pretty well in the Dreamcast, depending on, you know,
everything else trying to load in the game, but it looks, it looks, it looks fun.
It looks like it'd be, it would have been a really good, you know, fun outlet if ever
we'd gotten more goodies on the Dreamcast.
Yeah.
All right.
I, I, I'm a very similar to a dark Tetsuya in our chat who says, uh, love me some unreleased
game stories.
Hell yeah.
Over at twitch.tv slash vog network, uh, Zen monkey 11, following that up and in living
color RPG and married with children Sims like game.
Who knows what they may have been working on?
Maybe your fire, a Firefly game, right?
All right.
I'm still waiting for my, uh, my Jerry Seinfeld point and click game.
You know, that's supposed to be coming at some point.
Excuse me while I throw up in my mouth a little bit.
What's the clicking do?
Nothing.
No, it, it, it really is.
They remember they were making that Seinfeld, uh, point and click game that someone was
doing.
There's like a fan game.
He has, it's a fan game, not a, not an official product.
Yeah.
But I would like, I would just, I'd accept any TV show like that.
Married with children, uh, golden girls.
Why not?
You know, Bobby, uh, chimed in and said there was a homie D clown PC game in the nineties.
I saw that on one of y'all's, uh, games done quick marathon, whether it was awesome or
summer.
I don't remember what was one of the two, but that was in one of the marathons.
It was in the, um, uh, not great game block.
So I remember seeing that thing.
Yeah.
I remember seeing that thinking.
They had this game and I didn't own it somehow.
Cause I had a lot of crappy games in the nineties.
I'll tell you that.
So, okay.
It was this most recent summer games done quick says Bobby.
So interesting.
All right.
Uh, moving on, let's get to some more news.
Loki, this is, this is one of those things we should have seen coming.
Yeah, well, it, it is the M O of, uh, Epic games and Fortnite to, um, borrow.
Don't hold back from pop culture.
So they came out with a brand new totally original mode called the spy within.
And with the spy within it is a spinoff of their standard battle royale type game,
where you have to figure out who the imposters are and take your crew and try to complete tasks.
You can't talk to each other unless you call a meeting.
G what could they be possibly ripping off?
So yes, clearly, clearly inspired by among us.
It is, it looks incredibly cheap of them to do that.
But then again, if you think about it, Fortnite pretty much exists as.
You know, pub G was popular at the time and their original game Fortnite.
Didn't look all that popular.
Let's make a battle royale game out of it.
Hey, look at that.
It's popular.
So Fortnite didn't get popular until it ripped off pub G that's right.
Many people forget that wasn't supposed to be Fortnite.
Battle royale took over and became Fortnite,
but there was actually like a whole single player game that, you know, was like a survival game.
Yeah.
It was like cookie cutter, you know, like all the other shooters out there.
It wasn't like survival horror, but it had the building elements in it too,
which they just took from Minecraft.
So, you know, Fortnite is popular from stealing all these other ideas really.
So, yeah.
And then, of course, they also have they added a 120 hertz mode as well for
the newer consoles, so the Xbox Series X.
And then also you can also do like 1440p on Series X at 120 hertz and 1080p on the Series S.
And I think the PlayStation 5 also got an additional graphics mode as well.
And then also, of course, there is a house party video chat app that you can set up.
I guess they're using it.
Do they have like some investment in this or something?
Because I guess this is similar to like using Discord or something.
But I don't know.
It just is such a rip off.
I don't think this is going to be popular.
Honestly, it does seem like kind of just a cheap rip off.
And I think Among Us isn't all of a sudden going to become unpopular because of this.
But it's just that's just really low.
Well, I guess not for Epic Games.
Also unsurprising, though, like real talk, because haven't we been saying for long?
Oh, every game's got to put in a battle royale mode.
Every game is going to have this new battle royale thing until the next big thing comes along.
Who knows what the next big thing will be, but it'll show up someday.
And then every game is going to put that.
Oh, it's here, of course, with Among Us being one of the top 10 on Twitch pretty consistently
at this point, with very high profile people like AOC playing Among Us on her Twitch feed.
You know, this is this is a thing now.
So yeah, so I'm just I'm not surprised at all that this got ripped off.
And I think this also begs the question, what's going to be the next game to borrow from Among Us?
Are we going to get Super Mario imposter or what?
What game?
No, I know we don't.
We haven't done listless in a long time.
But if we did, that would be the game.
That would be the list I want to do right now.
Game that is most likely to implement an Among Us mode next.
Oh, I can tell you already what they would have what they would probably do.
It would be an obstacle course that game Fall Guys ish.
You know, like they would rip off Fall Guys, I think.
I don't know.
No, not for now.
Not what not.
What does Fortnite rip off next?
What is the next game to rip off Among Us?
Although that's a good answer to what will be the next game to like Call of Duty.
Yeah, I could see that.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It they it's it's easily it's because one, I mean, I get it.
You can't necessarily copyright certain gameplay elements.
I'm I'm laughing because they're a small you have to probably get away with it.
Bobby Black Wolf would have won the listless with this answer.
Bobby Black Wolf said Pixel Poops.
Who pooped?
Sure, why not?
We can we can rip them off.
Well, I saw him back behind the taco place, and so I know he was getting the tacos.
I saw Loki vent.
I just needed fresh air.
Oh, we vented.
All right.
All right.
It was just gas.
It wasn't it wasn't.
OK, S2100 Matt says you just delayed the game more with that idea.
And Bobby says that's the Super Nintendo sequel.
So all right, let's move on.
Quest Buster, why do you need to roll a toilet paper right now?
OK, let's talk about League of Legends.
Maybe Riot Games will steal Among Us next.
Who knows?
Because Riot did just announce that they're putting out a new MMO that's going to be tied
into the League of Legends universe.
And it was it was done kind of without a ton of fanfare, which kind of surprised me.
But there was a Twitter exchange going on where a VP at Riot, Greg Street, talked about how
he's been helping to develop the League universe and that this new game he's working on, some
might call it massive.
And folks have been asking them to create it.
And then, yeah, then there's like a follow up tweet that basically just says it very
plainly.
An MMO is coming.
There's no teaser trailer.
There's no non-gameplay trailer with concept art or whatever.
There's nothing.
Just, you know, we announce things on Twitter now.
Why not?
The government likes to announce policies on Twitter.
So why don't we just drop game announcements casually on Twitter like they're nothing?
I guess that's the world we live in now.
But I know a lot of people will be very happy to hear this, to hear that the League of Legends
universe is going to come to an MMO.
It makes a lot of sense.
And Riot has been trying to expand on that universe a little bit, you know, so like things
like Dauntless and some of the other games they've been putting out.
So this doesn't surprise me, really, to be honest.
Yeah, so all right.
Well, usually we would take a trip down memory lane to do the classic.
Oh, Dark Soccer is on our way back.
So I think we're going to get settled in here.
OK, so anyway, so Dark Soccer, if you're back, you're back just in time.
Because we're going to get into the classic game of the week.
So good timing.
Hopefully she's good to go.
I forgot to turn off my cam.
I noticed you turned it off and then back on somehow.
So anyway.
Yeah, no, I had an emergency party run.
No worries.
All right.
We're into the classic game of the week tonight.
Every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault to find a game that she thinks, hey,
you kids should be checking this game out.
Stop playing.
Stop playing Among Us and Fortnite and check out a real classic game.
Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game for us.
I do want to say, though, Dark Soccer, I don't know if you.
It was something I noticed with the clip of this game.
And I'll let you introduce in a minute.
But I do just want to warn the listeners.
There's a lot of flashing in it.
So if you are somebody who's susceptible to flashes,
you may wish to take a moment to minimize the window so you can just listen.
The video will stop when Dark Soccer stops talking about it.
But I noticed I was like, oh, there's a lot of flashes in this.
I hope it's OK.
I didn't get a chance to really watch it.
I was actually looking for one that had sound.
Oh, gotcha.
Yeah.
We were right in the middle of doing something,
and I had to real quick find a video.
No, I mean, that was the game.
So I've never heard of this game causing problems.
I just want to warn.
If you do not like flashes for whatever reason,
please avert your eyes now because I'm going to start the footage
as soon as Dark Soccer says what the game of the week is.
So the game of the week is called Arabian Fight,
and it was released only in arcades by Sega in 1992.
So it actually was released in January 1992.
So the game was in development through 1991 and copyrighted then.
So this is kind of your standard beat them up
that went along with the other ones of its generation.
You know, followed kind of like Golden Axe and Streets of Rage,
three action buttons, one punch, one kick, one special attack.
Although you have magic based attacks,
kind of like how Golden Axe has its special attacks.
You can also throw your opponents and you can collect items from chests
as well as enemies to do different points,
restore health, give you more of your special attack.
The game actually does something a little bit unique for its era.
Basically, with this game is it has these different scaling techniques
to allow the characters to move back and forth in the field.
So sort of think of Fatal Fury, you know,
where you've got your different fields, you can jump back and forth.
And so it will use the foreground elements for special attacks.
You can have characters perform their attacks very close to the screen
so that only their head and torso fit, kind of like it's animated
and different enemies can jump in from the foreground to fight.
Although they can't be hit during these animated sequences.
And it actually looks like, you know, like an interesting combination
of a straight up animation and sprite based fighting.
So basically with this game, I mean, it's really fairly simple.
You play as one of four characters
and you're trying to save the Princess Lurana
from being attacked by a corrupt sheik.
And so you have to travel to the castle to save the princess.
But anyway, your main character is called Sinbat, not Sinbad,
Ramaya, Goldor or Datta.
Sinbat is the handsome hero.
Ramaya is the token, beautiful, scantily dressed female of the game.
Goldor is the muscle and the brute.
And then Datta is a kind of spiritual looking bald dude.
So it was listed for 1992 by Game Machine in Japan
as being the most, as the seventh most successful table arcade unit of that year.
Now I'm ringing this up because
at SSA100MAT it's not Sinbad, it's Sinbat-T.
And no, not Goldor from Power Rangers.
So at any rate, the game is actually included on the Astra City Mini,
the little arcade cabinet being released with all these Sega games.
And so there's a chance that people will be able to play it at home now,
you know, instead of, you know, emulation or anything like that.
Or, you know, MAME again emulation or actually owning a machine.
Because I don't think it's been released on any home compilation.
So there it is.
Really quick one.
But you know what?
It's a neat game.
It's a neat game.
Yeah, I got to admit, this is not one I was super familiar with before.
Let me take the game down here real quick.
And so that, okay, oops.
I got to the shot that doesn't have my co-host on it.
So the game is now off the screen if you had looked away a moment ago.
Again, I'm not aware of anything that that game caused or any problems,
but I couldn't help when I was looking at the footage.
I was like, oh, this seems like a lot of flashing.
So I just I've admittedly been really over cautious, perhaps with recent events.
Yeah, perhaps with recent events in the industry in the front of my mind.
I was just cyberpunk.
Yeah.
I was just, you know what?
I'm better safe than sorry when it comes to that stuff.
But there's your classic game.
But I have to say, it was not one I was super familiar with,
but it definitely kind of did some interesting thing with the graphics there.
It was like kind of like this kind of pseudo 3D effect
that's very patently late 90s in it, which I thought was interesting.
I really haven't seen too many other games that do that kind of thing,
using the large sprites and animation as a foreground element.
Not to that extreme.
Like that game takes it to a real extreme.
And I think it's really, really kind of refreshing for its time.
Does that make sense?
I think it would be that's going to be really fun.
Yeah.
All right.
So I honestly would hope that Sega would consider doing some sort of
like Switch release or something for that.
Nice.
I'm going to insert a story here, kind of a breaking story, if you will,
before we get into rapid fire news, because this is about classic games.
Here is something Bobby brought to my attention based on,
get this, we got a YouTube comment because over at VoG Network,
we actually have a YouTube channel.
I'm going to admit we don't have a lot of OLR content on there,
at least not right now.
Going through the three hour episodes is a lot to go through to put stuff on YouTube.
But Bobby has put some highlights from his show because he's only an hour.
So he's put some highlights and some clips from his show up there.
And one of them was that recently he built an outrun cabinet
and he was showing kind of that and what that looked like.
So it was the arcade one up outrun cabinet specifically.
And he was showing that and that's over on YouTube.
So cheap plug for Bobby's YouTube over VoG Network on YouTube.
But we got a comment that said, oh, there's five games now.
What?
Because in the outrun cabinet that Bobby showed, there's only four games.
And so there was a comment that said there's five games now.
We'll get this over at arcadeoneup.com.
They just announced they put out a firmware update for their outrun cabinet
that has added a fifth game.
Rad Rally is the new game that's been added to the outrun cabinet.
This is the first time that something like this has been done.
And this explains why potentially there was a USB port on the back of this cabinet
that not all the arcade one up cabinets have had.
Or maybe this is something we're going to see moving forward
is that the USB stuff becomes kind of standard there.
So kind of the breaking news there.
Arcade one up flexing and now adding an additional game to an existing cabinet
with Rad Rally having come to the outrun cabinet.
And you got to love the chat.
The chat is going, oh, it wasn't Spy Hunter.
No, I imagine Spy Hunter will get its own cabinet
when they're ready to put that game out.
I'm not familiar with Rad Rally.
Jamie, is that a title familiar to you
and how that would fit into the outrun universe?
We actually, it came up in conversation last night just from,
gosh, what was it we were looking at?
I think we were trying to watch something for Daytona 2.
And there, well, because I like, I hate playing Daytona.
I hate the attract mode, but I like all the rest of the music in it
because that dude is so enthusiastic.
But I think it was like a, a poster or something that we were looking at,
just like a still picture for something.
It might have been some cabinet art for Daytona 2
that it didn't look like any of the cars in there.
It was something sort of offhand and Dan brought up that game.
Oh, it could be from that, you know, is what it looked like because,
but I don't really remember the whole situation.
I get it.
So I'm looking at more information on it.
It's actually Rad Mobile was a way that this game was often referred to.
And also when it was ported to the Sega Saturn, it was called Gale Racer,
but essentially it's all a very similar game.
And they say that usually it is credit for Yu Suzuki.
It does kind of fall into kind of the outrun family in that way.
And now that I'm looking at it, I'm like, oh, okay, I have seen this before.
So it's just kind of a racing game that had several different names with minor tweaks,
but that's still very interesting.
Kind of neat.
So, all right.
But yeah, I just, it's funny that that came up so randomly in our conversation last night.
Yeah.
Um, so, and then you mentioned, I was like, oh yeah, Dan, kind of,
we had that kind of mentioned in, in passing.
And Orange Right says Rad Rally was the sequel to Rad Mobile.
So interesting, interesting.
And Bobby says it's a micro USB port on the back of the cabinet.
So if he wants to add the game, he has to get a little converter to do it.
That's still pretty cool though.
Very interested in that.
Also, hey Bobby, and I'm going to totally use leverage the show.
I meant to ask you this on the call earlier.
Can you send me the link to where you bought your
Mega 64, the large Commodore 64?
Cause I want one.
And when I went onto Amazon to get one, all I could find were the minis.
And I think I found like one big one, but I think it might've been out of stock or it
was from a seller name I didn't recognize.
So I was like, is this a resale?
I don't know what it is.
So, um, uh, maybe they don't have it anymore.
I don't know, but I, uh, I'm just going to ask very nicely for that link.
All right.
Cause I want one as a Christmas present to myself.
Let's what was the, um, what was the, the version of rad mobile that came out on Saturn?
I'm just trying to double check something real quick.
Gale racer.
I think I closed the window.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I'm looking for.
There are, there are, they're all technically different games, but they're just kind of
all like spiritual, like, you know, related.
So, yeah, that was the one I was trying to think of.
Got it.
All right.
Uh, let's get to some rapid fire news and some other news around the industry pretty
quickly here.
Loki.
Yeah.
So we've got, um, some more news about control, which is coming, getting a PlayStation five
and Xbox series X and S version with ray tracing that's coming in February on the second.
Um, and then it's going to also have a full retail release on March 2nd.
Um, they're going to have a performance mode, which runs at 60 FPS on both platforms.
Well, I guess the standard version is going to run 30 FPS, but will allow for ray tracing.
So kind of the standard fare that we've been getting with some of these newer games.
Just remember though, you have to, um, purchase the ultimate edition in order to be able to
get the Xbox series S and X upgrade and PlayStation five upgrade.
So that's annoying because we're unfortunately unable to offer an upgrade path to all existing
control players.
That is a bunch of crap because they accidentally released it.
So that is wrong.
Um, but that is what they're sticking by.
So if you feel it's worth it, honestly, I will just wait for it to hit game pass.
Um, and then cyberpunk 2077 is getting a crossover with death stranding.
Um, Mars is a death strand.
He's got a crossover with cyberpunk, which makes sense since a Kojima did have a cameo
in cyberpunk 2077.
Oh, really?
But apparently, yes, he did.
Uh, he is in the game.
Um, so you'll be able to get a few different things there, including a silver hand cybernetic
arm.
Um, also there's some, uh, cyberpunk themed holograms and a selection of customization
and clothing options.
And in addition, you can also equip Sam with a new hacking ability, which allows him to,
um, mess with sensor poles and mule tracks and stuff.
So that's, uh, coming to PC right now.
They haven't announced any sort of, um, update to the PlayStation four version, but at least
PC is going to be getting that.
And as Joe and Matt saying, you can still unlock the car from cyberpunk in horizon four,
I believe.
Yes.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I've been seeing that death stranding, um, cyberpunk, uh, thing being promoted in
the Epic game store, because, uh, you know what, despite the fact that we talk, um, a
significant amount of shit about Epic on this show, sometimes look, I love ZZT.
There's something nice.
And I also love free games and they've been giving away a lot of them.
So just a reminder, if you haven't been going in there and getting your free game every
day, uh, get on that.
They'll probably be something real good in the coming days.
Um, usually I think it was last year when they gave away like civ six on the last day
or something.
I remember there was something big they gave away at one point.
Um, so keep an eye on that y'all.
All right.
Meanwhile, though, the other rapid fire news I had for you guys, Jason referenced this
in the intro tonight.
Thank you, Jason.
Uh, but guitar freaks and drum mania, if you will, has officially been released for PC.
Now we talked a little bit about the beta test prior, uh, but the official release has
now come out at least in Japan.
Um, not a big fan of these games, not coming out in the U S I know Jason addressed the
music licensing thing at the top of the show.
Still a little bit disappointing, uh, at least that the originals can't make their
way into some type of U S version.
Uh, but it's probably harder to release games in the U S when you've closed all your U S
offices.
Um, still, if you are the type that is fine reading, uh, enough Japanese to get through
this and you use the Konami online or the Kona suite, uh, uh, online, uh, there's probably
going to be a lot here for you, including over 200 songs that is from the arcade version
of Ghidadora.
Uh, it's a very true to arcade experience, which I would expect it to be cause it's arcade
machines basically run on modified PCs of sorts.
Uh, and uh, yeah, it's, uh, this, the online service for this game will run you 1,628 yen
a month.
That's about 15 bucks.
So kind of what you'd pay for an MMO, I suppose.
Yeah, it's not bad.
Um, so check that out music game fans, if that is up your alley and you don't mind having
to do it all in Japanese and they also have a controller.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
They got a PC controllers coming out.
That's not going to turn into something, uh, where somebody puts out a freemium type of
thing that uses those controllers.
I'm sure like a step mania type of thing.
Right.
Yeah.
And well, I'm sure that it looks already very much like a rock band controller or guitar
hero controller.
Um, and it's expensive.
350 bucks basically.
You know what they need to do?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
You know what they need to do though?
If it looks like one of those controllers, how about putting out a controller that works
with rock band?
Because it's kind of funny.
Now everybody used to have those plastic instruments shitting up their house everywhere.
So many of those have been thrown away or gone to the used market or what have you.
Now that like rock band four is backwards compatible, at least on Xbox for sure.
I'm pretty sure it is on PS5 as well.
I don't see why it wouldn't be, uh, people kind of want those plastic instruments again.
They want to be able to play those games again with the instruments and you can't really
do it, uh, without buying, you know, really now, now people are charging an arm and a
leg for those things.
So, uh, probably sell mine.
I mean, well, yeah, if you're not using them, somebody will buy them.
So anyway, just an interesting aside.
I thought I'd kind of bring up cause it's related.
Uh, also worth noting, uh, Hey, uh, we talked previously about during the game awards, Sephiroth
was going to be released as a new character in smash brothers.
When is that going to happen?
Well, for many people, it has already happened because if you can beat him into challenge
mode, even if you do it on Bobby Black Wolf mode, that is very easy mode.
You will earn Sephiroth.
So most people that really want them have them.
For everybody else, I think it's the 23rd, the 22nd.
Eh, most of you are probably already in there playing with them.
Also, some Mii fighters came out with that, which is pretty cool, but this is, this is
the really funny thing.
Okay.
You ready?
The Mii fighters that came out to go along with Sephiroth.
Barrett makes sense, right?
Final Fantasy character.
Tifa, Final Fantasy character.
Aerith, Final Fantasy character.
Chocobo with a little hat, right?
Cute, Final Fantasy character.
And then the last one that came out, Geno.
That's right.
Geno is now in smash brothers.
Yes.
The beloved super Mario RPG character of all time finally made his way to smash brothers
as a Mii costume.
That's unfortunate.
And the internet fanboys shed a tear for their obscure character that will never come.
Waluigi says hi.
No, Waluigi says,
Now it can be my turn.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Um, well, some pinball news, which has kind of been,
people have been polarized actually over this.
I've been chatting with some people, but the new stern game that was announced is Led Zeppelin,
which I don't know.
I'm kind of tired of them doing all these like band games.
I mean, but getting the license for Led Zeppelin, that's pretty cool.
And on top of that, it's a Steve Ritchie table.
And Steve is known for his fast action type of games.
I mean, he did Black Knight, Black Knight 2000, Black Knight Sword of Rage,
the newer Star Wars that came out.
So he's known for his fast tables.
And I think it looks pretty good.
I mean, you've got your usual multiple versions of it.
So there is the, you know, the regular production one.
There is the pro and then there's the premium limited edition.
And then you can also get accessories to go for the table.
So, um, I don't know.
I know people who are planning on getting it and I'll play theirs when it comes out.
I'm not in a hurry for it myself, but hey, it's Led Zeppelin.
So also SNK is getting a little bit, uh,
Teasy, they have, uh, teased a console coming out in 2021.
That quote is a system to bridge the needs between passionate fans and console gaming enthusiasts.
So I'm wondering if we might be getting some sort of, uh, AES MVS, like
machine, I guess I have like maybe multiple carts or something, or have the cartridges be on
smaller cartridges and release that simply just for the SNK items.
They had the mini 50 in one, and then they released their own version.
It's not officially arcade one up.
It's a clone, basically another company that has like 50 games in it.
So I, but it's ramulated.
Okay.
Yeah.
And this could be something maybe uses cartridges.
I don't know.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's interesting, but I don't know.
I mean, it can be interesting.
It depends on, uh, on, you know, when they put out more information about it.
Uh, but yeah, I think that, that, uh, I mean, I still would just rather have had like an
all-in-one MVS AES and be done with it.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
I'd like to see that kind of come back, but we'll see.
Yeah.
All right.
Cartridges the size of your head.
That's a cartridge that could kill somebody.
Honestly, I'm not that heavy, but yeah.
All right.
Then you're not using it.
Right.
All right.
Uh, and Dr.
Sues is maybe same idea as their arcade thing, but a console instead.
Either way, it's sure to be better than the VCS.
Just saying.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates, which I imagine it's finally
going to start to get quiet this week, seeing as, Oh, it's Christmas this week.
But this has been a weird year all around the board.
So what's coming out this week?
Loki, not a ton of things.
So you're right.
Um, so double dragon neon on the Nintendo switch, uh, override to super mech league
on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series X, uh, super meat
boy forever on PC and Nintendo switch.
Who's your daddy on PC, Mac and Xbox one.
And then last but not least we have, um, actually, no, I take that back.
So we're going to have, looks like, uh, the Hong Kong massacre on Nintendo switch.
And then the last but not least is earth defense force world brothers.
That's that voxel cutesy earth defense force games coming to Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four.
Neat.
That's it.
All right.
That's it for the year.
That's it for the year.
All right.
Traveling to Japan and checking out the releases there.
Uh, it's, it's a little different Christmas, a little different there.
So here's some games that you can play while you enjoy your cake, uh, on the Nintendo switch
this week, earth defense force world brothers, like Loki just mentioned is out in Japan as
well.
And the 24th fight of gods also out, uh, sniper elite for vampire with a Y, uh, is out, uh,
also the Alistair collection, uh, and metal max Zeno.
Um, and the, uh, that's a peripheral, uh, that's it, but there's, Oh, next week, I'm
going to spoil next week's just cause I want to get dark soccer's reaction to the fact
that I'm on new year's Eve.
Digimon survive is coming out on the switch in Japan.
That's kind of fun.
Dark soccer was really the only person I knew who, who stand Digimon, um, and maybe
Digimon zero two, um, that the whole first era Digimon Digimon zero two and, uh, uh,
Digimon try.
Gotcha.
Um, the PlayStation four, pretty similar story.
You're at defense for swirl brothers, vampire, the Alistair collection.
Um, uh, all that same stuff also on the PlayStation four.
So those are your releases for this week.
How about the UK?
Dark soccer is only one, only one.
And it is overdrive to ultimate deluxe edition.
That's it on the 22nd, which is in a day in the UK very soon.
All right.
We have some more stories for you guys.
Then we'll get to the listener round table, but first, uh, Loki.
Yeah.
So, uh, as we've, I don't know, it's, it's just the game industry, I guess, but, you
know, we talked about shady reviews and stuff and not, um, revealing all the information
when, uh, we were talking about cyberpunk and that type of thing.
Well, now game companies are wisening up to the fact that game reviews come out.
People purchase the game space on those initial reviews.
And sometimes they don't like hearing about how there's microtransactions in the game.
So what did they do?
If you're Ubisoft, you wait a month before you start selling those really egregious microtransactions.
And that's what they do with it.
Or you wait until right before the Chris McQuanzica holiday season, when this gift is going to
start showing up for people.
And that's when you pull the trigger.
And this isn't new for them.
They've done sort of XP booster type things before.
But now Assassin's Creed Valhalla, they've, I guess, updated the game to include them.
And it's going to leave you, um, $10 lighter if you decide to purchase it and it'll allow
you to earn 50% more experience.
And it's, uh, you know, I don't know, clearly.
I mean, I get it.
Sometimes people are in a hurry to play a game and stuff like that, and they don't want
to, um, you know, work through whatever.
But, you know, back in the day that used to be like cheats and stuff.
And let's be honest, if, if this is the type of thing that you like doing, I might suggest
getting a PC because you can just cheat without paying $10.
You can just increase, you know, your levels or whatever, without having to shell out money
for something that would normally be free.
Just use modifications.
Exactly.
You can get double XP and titties in your game through the magic of mods.
This is not the first time, like I said, that they've done this.
They did this in Odyssey as well.
And they had denied before that boosters, um, didn't influence the design of the game.
They, they, they basically say they didn't throttle the game, um, based on this stuff.
However, you may remember there was also, you know, the Lord of the Rings game that
came out that they did like, and a lot of these games do increase the grind to allow
you to, um, be more motivated to purchase these.
So they may say it that didn't influence it, but it influenced it.
Quest busters, uh, quest buster, excuse me, in chat is pointing out.
Um, Oh, come on the experience boost for 10 bucks for Valhalla.
It's not really necessary.
So kind of pointing out that, you know, for this game, it's probably not needed.
Odyssey's leveling was glacial though.
There was definitely a difference there versus origin.
So kind of interesting how you may not need it, but they'll still sell it to you.
Exactly.
Speaking of things that they're going to sell to you as a subscription to their Ubisoft,
uh, game service.
So Ubisoft plus of course, you know, that $15 service that, uh, basically like the EA
play stuff.
Well, now they're going to be offering it to stadia users as well.
So that's right.
Not only do you get the pay for stadium, but you can also pay for this as well.
If you want to play all these different Ubisoft games, I guess that's slightly better than,
um, pain for each individual game with stadia as that's not very, um, good, uh, value as
it is.
But I mean, this is slightly better, I guess, but it is something that they are offering
because, you know, they want all the money.
So why not?
Why not?
All right.
Yeah.
Well, let's move on and talk about that streaming service that y'all are going to play this
game on and complain about this DLC on just like we're doing right now here on lovely
Twitch and a Twitch has announced a variety of policy updates this week.
In fact, you've probably been seeing some of them scroll across the bottom for those
of you that are, uh, watching live on Twitch this week.
Um, and, uh, yeah, it has to do with some big policy updates.
They did a town hall earlier this week.
Finally, they had promised that and they did the town hall and they talked about some,
recent policy changes and they address some things about the DMCA sexual harassment ads
and some of those other issues.
Um, but what was interesting is kind of what everybody kind of was talking about after
the fact was Twitch has decided to ban words like simp in cell and Virgin, but when used
in derogatory contexts.
So, I mean, like if I was talking about deserve to be
Well, if I'm talking about the Virgin Mary at Christmas or something, then that's, I,
that's fine.
Cause I'm not using it in a derogatory manner, but if I'm calling somebody a Virgin who can't
drive, then that is using it in a derogatory manner.
But how is Twitch going to understand context of stuff?
Because that's a great question that I think they should answer.
Cause I, if I'm going to guess, I'm going to say they can't because most of these platforms,
when it comes to banning people for different things, you know, they'll cite that you're
violating their rule, but it may be, you know, in the context of it, it may not be egregious.
Um, so I don't all of a sudden believe that they're going to start applying context to
this.
I think they're just going to straight up, just ban it altogether.
In fact, I'm going to stop you because we don't want misinformation out there.
They did clarify.
These words are not blanket banned.
They will only incur penalties when they quote negatively refer to another person's sexual
practices.
It does sound like it is.
And Twitch is kind of adding it to their utility belt of reasons.
We could ban you if you're being a douche nozzle in someone's chat, then we can say,
well, you're not supposed to use words like that in a negative context.
You called somebody a virgin who can't drive in their chat.
And so you're, you're banned for that.
Cause you were in general, you were being an asshole, but this specifically is why you
got the ban.
I, I, I kind of feel like that's what they're doing, but I'm not disagreeing with either
of you either because there's so much of it that's subjective.
And how do we know that this is going to be applied appropriately across the board?
Right.
So, um, it should be noted they've already been, uh, removing emotes.
So, um, that's why you don't have a VoG network simp emote is that we're not allowed to have
them.
And it wasn't something we wanted anyway.
Um, but.
We, there, there have been channels that had emotes and, uh, they're no longer there and
they don't approve new ones.
Um, now some people are still calling out some of the other problems that are still
hap- happening on Twitch, such as you can still walk into people's chat and say slurs
with little to no action.
And, uh, where was the, where is the outrage that people are having over these words?
Simp, Incel, and Virgil.
Where was that outrage when black and female streamers were complaining about being harassed
on Twitch?
That comment from a streamer DaPurpleSharpie, where was Twitch's we need to stop harassment
stance then?
So fair question.
Um, I guess one could say at least they're trying, but this almost goes back to what
we said at the top of the show with the Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft thing.
It's one thing to put out a statement.
It's another to take the actions to back it up.
And I think that's where we're at here with the Twitch thing.
It, okay, how nice that you have a policy now and you are putting on this front of taking
things seriously.
But until you put the actions behind it to make folks like DaPurpleSharpie feel more
welcome on Twitch, as opposed to the unnecessary bullshit that streamers have to put up with
sometimes, um, then if we just think it's all lip service and I get that.
So I think we need to see Twitch, you know, really do something, uh, besides just, oh,
we're going to ban for these certain words, like actually do them.
So, well, here's the funny thing too, is like, like after this announcement came out, there
was actually, um, one of the, uh, team members of, I guess the Atlanta phase who go, his
name is Simp.
And so he's like, uh, I have like some issues with this idea.
Well, but, but also this is also, I honestly, Loki, like I get that, but I think this is
a problem where people are fixated on the headline and the headline going around is
Twitch has banned Simp in cell version.
People aren't reading the fucking article and noticing that it's banned when used in
certain contexts and there's no blanket robot ban on those words.
So that guy who called himself Simp is not by context breaking the rule just by existing.
It's if somebody decides to take it to a place where they're making fun, you know, then I
feel like people are reacting to a headline only without really looking at the details
of it.
And that works both ways.
So, sure.
All right.
Sia Tabiri in chat says, share, you're a Simp in cell virgin who can't drive.
That'll be the remake, Sia Tabiri, the unavoidable remake of Clueless.
I hope, I hope some of you caught my reference there to the holy text of the great Alicia
Silverstone classic.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dark Sakura.
I knew if anyone would.
All right.
Rest in peace, Brittany Murphy, Forever in Our Hearts.
All right, moving on.
Let's get to some other stuff.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we had talked a little bit about, you know, safety and trying to ban whatever.
So we have news from Afghanistan.
They've banned PUBG and called for regulation of video games.
As the Afghanistan Telecom Regulatory Authority, the ATRA announced that they decided to ban
PUBG temporarily after a comprehensive assessment.
They held meetings with various ministries like their religious affairs, education, public
health, communications and science, psychologists, parents, headmasters of schools, telecom,
civil activists and PUBG gamers before submitting a report to the authority board.
And the quote, the decision was taken to block this game on a temporary basis, considering
social and security perspectives.
ATRA continues investigations and consultations to find out a permanent solution there, too.
They were saying that the games have negative impacts on children,
um, that they want to provide support for games that comply with Afghan and social culture,
as well as religious values.
And so the ban, well, they didn't say so.
It also would apply to, I think, all iterations of PUBG.
And they've now joined the list of other countries like Nepal, Iraq, Jordan, Pakistan, India,
um, to prevent in some places said negative effects or to be harmful for society and would
also cause a potential national security threat.
In Pakistan, the ban was temporary with the Islamabad High Court lifting that ban later.
Um, the country, though, in India, there are things saying that their ministry of electronics
and I.T. were alleging that the game was stealing user data in an unauthorized manner for servers
outside of India.
So there you go.
Interesting.
A very real reaction from S.H.A. 100 Matt in our chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network,
who says the folks who care will fire up those VPNs to play.
Yeah.
So kind of go outside the ban using that.
And that's that's for sure.
But not every day you hear about a country banning a video game.
So interesting nonetheless.
So all right.
Well, let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
So we it's been a couple of weeks since the game awards, but we have some of the kind
of numbers and everything.
So not surprising because everybody's stuck at home.
Viewership has increased by 83 percent, and that was over eight point three million viewers
that tuned into the game awards this year.
So pretty, pretty decent size event, I think.
And so that was all coming from Jeff Keighley on Twitter talking about the viewership for
that.
And of course, you know, I expect it to be even bigger next year.
So pretty awesome.
Yeah, I think you're right that probably the stay at home probably played into that a lot.
There's just more people in general watching TV.
But I think there is something to be said about this particular award show is getting
a lot more credit.
And I think a lot more of the co-streaming is helping, too.
Like, I'm not just saying that to toot our own horns here at VOG Network, but I think
there's a lot of people out there that are creating an event out of this like a watching
event, you know, similar to, you know, an E3 press conference or some other type of
big event watching and doing it live is very important, because if you're not watching
it live, you're going to get it all spoiled for you on Twitter and the newsletter.
So I think it has become kind of event watching in that regard.
And I think even, you know, when we look at next year and, you know, hopefully by December
some sense of normalcy returning that you're still going to see that this does very well.
So I know I'll still be watching and we'll probably still do another live react like
we did last time.
It was fun.
Yeah.
All right.
For our last story tonight, you knew I had to talk about this at some point because this
was one of those.
Maybe I would have chosen my words differently, Doug.
Let's talk about this.
So this was in the interview.
Yes, I don't know why I saved this one for last night.
I feel like sometimes in the B block, we don't really have, like, great big things
to comment on.
So I was like, let's save this one for last.
So, Doug, let's talk about what you said this week and who I'm referring to is the Nintendo
of America president, Doug Bowser.
You'll never be Reggie Fils-Aime.
You'll never.
You're just a, you're a CEO.
No one will have the Reggie jawline.
You're a CEO who can't drive.
All right, look, Doug, I'm just being an asshole.
Like, Doug Bowser is fine, but this particular quote in this particular interview and this
particular answer to this particular question ain't it.
So what am I talking about?
So he did an interview with Polygon.
There's a whole other thing I could talk about, but I'm not going to tonight.
He did.
I'm going to just start calling him Porygon, like the really crappy looking Pokemon.
So Bowser did an interview with Porygon and he was talking about special releases like
Super Mario 3D All-Stars.
And basically the question that came up was, you know, what, what, why are you doing this?
Why are you end dating?
It seems like you guys really like March 31st.
You're not going to let people buy Mario 3D All-Stars after that fact and, you know,
Super Mario 35, you know.
So how does Mr. Bowser respond to this?
I think I use a simple word, celebration.
It's just, this is a celebration of Mario's 35th anniversary and we wanted to celebrate
in unique and different ways.
And we've done that through games like Super Mario 3D All-Stars, or we will be doing that
through future releases like Super Mario 3D World and Bowser's Fury.
That wasn't the question, Doug.
That wasn't an opportunity to sell more copies of Super Mario 3D World, Doug.
It's not about celebration, Doug.
It's about why are you stopping to sell these games on March 31st?
So there are various ways that we're celebrating Mario's 35th and with some of these titles,
we felt it was an opportunity to release them for a limited period of time.
They've done very, very well.
In other words, you stupids bought it.
Roll credits because that's what it boils down to.
The celebration is we made a lot of fucking money.
That's the celebration.
We found when we artificially create shortages that it drives up sales.
And so now we're moving that to digital products is what he meant to say.
Shall I continue with a quote?
Oh, yes, I will.
Super Mario 3D All-Stars has sold over 2.6 million units in the US alone.
And so clearly consumers have been able to jump in and enjoy that.
And it's not strategy that we're going to be using widely.
Notice how he says they might use it again, though.
But it's one we thought was very unique for the actual anniversary.
Yes, Doug, I would call it unique.
That's a good word.
Oh, Doug, I'm just going to, like, start using Doug.
Like I don't know why I've decided to just call him Doug.
But that is that is where I'm at.
That is the reaction I had to this whole thing.
OK, I propose from here out that any time someone in the video game industry
says something stupid.
They're Doug, like a Karen.
Sure, Doug.
You know what?
An amazing 90s Nickelodeon cartoon you are not.
No, you are not quail man.
Look, here's the thing.
And again, I know I sound like I'm just dumping on him based on this one bad quote.
But this is this is the shit that really annoys us about Nintendo is.
It's a celebration.
No, it's not as you did this to sell more copies of the game.
And in this interview, you are basically saying it worked.
You bought it, suckers.
But he can't really say that because Doug is the president of Nintendo.
And so Doug cannot just say, well, we did this so we would sell as much as possible
this fiscal year with our kind of weaker than usual holiday lineup,
because that's that's not an answer Doug can give Doug.
Let's see what our our commenters have to say over at twitch.tv.
You okay over there?
Yeah, I just keep knocking into my thing and I'm showing my gym teacher Dean Winchester.
Okay.
To cleanse the palette.
Phoenix7726 says, well, Doug is no Reggie.
Questbuster says it's a celebration of sales numbers.
Sia Tabiri says, now I have Patty.
You're the mayonnaise for me stuck in my head.
You're welcome.
And for the record, that's the only kind of mayonnaise I tolerate is mayonnaise named Patty.
I like mayonnaise on a patty.
And sj100 matt says this isn't funny, Doug.
And sj100 matt says you get no points and may God have mercy on your soul, Doug.
I'm just gonna stick with okay, Doug.
That's now a thing, but it's a thing in my head.
It was a thing.
It was a thing I heard.
All right.
Thanks for letting us know, Doug.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get to the listener roundtable.
If you want to say, okay, Rob, I have a question for you or Jamie or Matt.
What's your question?
You can ask that now in our chat room.
It's the listener roundtable we have via chat and emails.
Every week we invite you guys to email us.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com.
If you'd like to send us an email letting us know your thoughts for the week.
I don't know if we had anything tonight,
but I will ask the queen of the mailbag dark Sakura what she found.
Oh, two emails.
And one of them is from me.
Oh, how nice.
Yep.
Hey, Jamie.
Just a follow-up email from last week.
See from me.
I finally started Animal Crossing.
I got to say I'm pretty hooked for some reason.
I am having an issue where the holiday ornaments will spawn in my trees.
So I can't craft any holiday stuff.
I've tried to time travel and try to fix it, but nothing.
Please don't time travel.
It seems like every video I find people who already have Isabella unlocked and I don't have her yet.
I guess she is the one who makes the holiday announcements.
True.
Any ideas?
I hope to visit your island soon and check it out.
Happy holidays, everyone.
This is from Frodo Swagons.
The thing is, is that you're not going to be able to do it yet in your own village.
You get the recipes after you have the town center and get more of the DIYs and stuff.
So you do need Isabel.
However, I would be more than happy to make you the things that I can if you want to.
I think I got your friend code.
Message me on Twitter, because that's really where I spend most of my social online time.
It's at Dark Sakura.
S-A-K-U-R-A.
And we'll work out a time for you to come over and shake my trees, get my ornaments.
That's very nice of you to offer.
But yeah, that was to say, that's what my gut was saying, too.
Even though I haven't played Animal Crossing in a few months, I've abandoned my poor villagers.
You probably got roaches in your house.
Probably.
What?
I was just gonna say, it's probably the whole, like, it takes 10 days or is it 14 to really
get your town up and running.
And that's probably the issue is that that time gating in the beginning is probably stopping
all the events from unlocking.
Unfortunately, it's just not a great time to start, unfortunately.
But you have a great answer there is that if you can't do it in your town, you go to
someone else's town.
You get to do a full cycle of the year, though.
The thing is that you're still not going to be able to get those DIYs unless someone gives
them to you.
And I think you're only getting one per.
So if I happen to somehow get any, because I make Dan give me all the ones that he finds
because I haven't been able to find any myself, let me know.
I will save what I can for you.
Catch snowflakes in the meantime, if you can catch snowflakes in your early village.
And I'll make you like a snowflake door ornament or a few things that I can with the, you know,
like a ski wall or something or an iceberg floor, something like that.
I'm still wanting more of those like the holiday decor.
I mean, even though it's like not my fucking holiday, I'm kind of sick of it already.
Not saying that other people enjoy it.
I just don't like the Jesus stuff.
Um, but I like trees and I like lights and I like all of that.
So if anyone also gets those recipes and do you do what some of my friends do and call
them a Hanukkah bush?
Because I always thought that was no, I do not know.
That's honestly the stupidest thing I've ever heard of.
I had a friend who did that.
I thought it was funny.
Oh, the thing is, is that and I actually kind of got into it on my Facebook with somebody
about that big house that was lit up for Hanukkah is that it's kind of like Hanukkah is not
a big holiday.
It's like pretty tiny.
And on top of that, it's like, it's kind of not the best thing to try to turn a holiday
that has nothing in common with, you know, Christmas or all the shit that goes with Christmas
into something that it's not.
I get it.
Yeah.
Like, you know, it's, it's, it's,
this only happened because of kids, right?
They didn't want kids to feel left out during this, during this part of the year.
And non-practicing Jews.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
But the other thing too, is it like, there's this whole commandment about assimilation
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Um, because I mean, technically, if you're looking at Christmas, it's a pagan holiday
that was co-opted by early Christians.
So just saying, you know, um, but at the same time, uh, Hanukkah is, I think the only celebrated
holiday that is not at all in Torah.
It came from the book of the Maccabees.
And that was, it's more biblical Apocrypha instead of actual Torah.
And there's your Judaism lesson of the season.
Thank you.
All right.
But I like it because I can set shit on fire and eat potatoes.
Who knew that an Animal Crossing email would set the only year on Orange L'Andrea.
Next email.
All right.
But yeah, Frodo Zwagens just messaged me on Twitter.
Anyway, um, the only other email that we got is Dear OLR, I hope you are all well and managing
to stay in chipper spirits, even if we may not be able to spend the holidays with companies
would want to this year.
Personally, this year has been a good time to escape to video games.
I found myself lately not wanting to leave a game behind right after beating it, which
brings me to my question.
Are there any games you found yourself so invested in you made it a point to 100% to
complete them?
In the last couple of days, I got the platinum trophy for God of War, my second platinum
as my first was Nier Automata.
This game was an interesting case because when I started it, I was very half interested.
I thought it would be a slog to get through it.
And then the story started to really draw me in once some new characters were introduced
and the world took on a scale I had previously underestimated.
I felt the need to explore all of it, taking on some challenging bosses in the process
that were incredibly thrilling to fight.
I will go ahead and pause at that point in the email and say I was like that with Mass
Effect.
And then I started doing boundary breaks and trying to see actually how the game was put
together.
But I never bothered for platinums on anything.
I usually like, you know, I jump from one game to another.
I've talked about that a lot on this show.
It's not often that I get in that mode where I'm like, I will do everything I possibly
can in this game.
Oddly enough, the MMOs kind of end up working that way for me, even though I'll never
reach the end.
It's kind of one of those that's and that's maybe why I don't have all the platinum
trophies to show for it.
As you guys, oftentimes it's the MMOs.
But I remember one distinctly was Diablo 3 when that came out.
That was your jam for a while.
Oh, my God.
Like, I don't know what happened.
I was just like, I will get a platinum in this fucking game.
I will get that trophy.
And I did.
And then they decided to release more trophies.
So it's funny, even though I have the platinum trophy in Diablo 3, I do not have all the
trophies because I never bought the Necromancer expansion on PlayStation.
So it's kind of one of those interesting little.
Oh, I got I got something that I really shouldn't have because I don't have every trophy.
But I did this time kick for a little while where I was trying to get different different
weird achievements.
And well, remember when I was trying to get, like, the book achievements and getting, like,
different like masking potions or whatever to make it into, you know, or sneaking in
through the sewers to get to.
Why can't I think the under city?
Yeah, that's a great example, though.
Achievements in the MMOs.
I do hunt that stuff because, you know, in like in WoW, you would get titles or maybe
little pets for certain ones.
And it's the same thing of Final Fantasy.
Like, there's a lot of minions as your title.
Yeah, exactly.
So, yeah, I hunt that stuff in MMOs all the time.
So I just like the really the really fun, crazy ones.
But the challenging one for me was getting all of the on an alliance character, getting
the reading material and under city.
Loki, what about you?
Is there anything where you sat down?
You said I will fully complete this game.
There's I don't know.
Like, I think maybe like a lot of the Lego games all end up getting everything in.
I don't know if I've done it for Saints Row, though.
I think there's been some tedious missions that I haven't been able to do.
And then there's also some stuff I think we have to play the game fully co-op, which
I haven't done.
And also in some games like Saints Row 2, it's impossible because a lot of it had its
humans that had to do with online play, which doesn't exist anymore.
So.
Yeah, I think it's just mainly like the Lego games and stuff.
All right, moving on with the email, then.
Actually, though, I did have another one that I'm kind of doing it in, and that is Animal
Crossing.
Not necessarily their achievements, but there are a lot of I'm trying to finish like some
of the Nook Mile stuff.
For the Nook Points.
So like the redecorating my house a certain number of times, catching certain fish, and
I'm trying to fill out my inventory.
So I want to have as complete of a catalog as I can and try to get all the fish and all
of the I already have like a full museum for my fossils, but I want all the artwork.
So it's more like a personal one for me, but I also get my Nook achievements with it.
So great example, because Animal Crossing and Nintendo in general doesn't have platinum
trophies or achievements, but it has its own kind of system built into the game.
So you're kind of working on that.
Yeah, I kind of don't really give a shit about it, like on a system level, if that makes
sense, like I don't really care about any character or personal achievement, because
honestly, my life is worth more than what a video game tells me it is.
So, but for me, this is just something fun that I do to add a little bit more replayability
to the game.
So to continue on with the email, this year also has had me return to older games to 100%
them.
I did things like finally getting all 100 gold skulltulas in Ocarina of Time, as well
as getting the 120 stars in the Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Galaxy.
Anyway, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this.
Season's greetings and many game beatings, Garth Wolf.
I love that.
I'm stealing that dude.
Many game beatings.
Love that.
I am actually putting that on my freaking Twitter.
That is like the coolest thing that I've seen all day.
All right.
Thanks for the email.
Yeah, thanks Garth.
Party on Garth.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for the future here
on the show.
Let me get to chat.
I thought I saw a question way back.
We started talking about the, oh, here we go.
No one special with a round table question for us tonight.
With all the miscellaneous storefronts having started their holiday sales or about to start
them, are any of you planning on getting that one game that you've been eyeing for a while
now?
If you are, what game?
Oh, I know no one special loves to talk about sales and discounts.
Good question though.
Is there something I've been holding out for on a particular sale?
I've had, this may shock you, but there's like just a lot of weird shit has been, 2020
has like warped my mind.
So like all of a sudden I'm super into the Pokemon mainline games.
When was that going to happen?
Right.
But the other thing I've had my eye on, I kind of really want to get Mortal Kombat 11.
So I'm waiting for like the rights, like, but I want the all in one and done package,
like all the characters, all the story.
I want one fucking game with it all, which I think is just Mortal Kombat 11 Ultimate,
if I'm not mistaken.
So I'm kind of waiting that to hit the sweet spot and then I'll probably pick it up and
look away when the fatalities happen.
But I mean, as a fighter game, those games are really solid fighters.
Um, and I'll wait for an injustice, which will be more up my alley.
So, um, that's my answer to that.
Anything you guys are holding out on a good sale for?
Some stuff I want is actually on sale right now.
Um, on Steam, um, it's just, it's hard for me to sit down and play anything on my computer
with some of the back problems I've been having lately.
Um, but like Wadham just got its release and I really wanted to play that.
Um, and, uh, Death Stranding is on sale.
Hold on, I'm actually looking at my wishlist right now.
Um, because I got, yeah, Detroit Become Human actually, I think was on sale briefly, but
yeah, Wadham is on and it's on sale for like 10 bucks.
Nice.
Purchased.
Um, Epic store has given out those $10 gift card or $10, uh, discounts or whatever.
And basically if you downloaded city skylines, which is free, um, you got 10 bucks.
So I don't know.
I was looking at, um, that last, the harmonics game that you just released, but yeah, fuser.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've been looking at it too.
It's still like, it's still $49.
And like, I looked at all the DLC and stuff and I'm like, eh, that's so expensive.
So I may wait on that.
So, you know how I said I really wanted to do a, um, uh, make a, uh, visual novel.
And, you know, visual novel maker is like for the whole thing is like 70 bucks.
Oh, is it on sale?
75% off.
You better get on that.
Yeah.
Nice.
I'm going to go broke.
So maybe my, my book will end up being a visual novel.
If, uh, somebody wants to help me with your artwork.
Nice.
Ooh, I should look in some of that, um, game making software, even though we all know I
don't have the attention span to do it.
I'm always kind of looking at that stuff, uh, on steam.
I'm sure a lot of it's, uh, going on deep discount here and Alan probably has.
I would just wait for like humble bundles, man.
They've got so many things that they offer on there.
Um, like discounts for different, like game making things and like tools.
In fact, that that's where I was going right now is I was trying to see and like, do I
have that already?
Because I very well may have that already.
I'm going to, I'm actually going to, I'm going to ask Alan real quick.
Cause he's a big PC gamer.
Um, I won't make him come on cam cause he's not dressed for it, but, um, he just gave
me this look that was really funny.
Is there any, yes, I am right.
Is there any steam sale, any steam game that you're looking forward to since, you know,
you're, you're playing Skyrim again right now.
That's, you know, games like what, 10 years old at this point.
Um, is there anything you've kind of been waiting for the right sale on a game before
you finally jump into it?
He's thinking Witcher three, maybe he's suggesting.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, now the CD project reds finally moved on.
They got a whole other problem.
I think it's safe to say nothing further will be done on Witcher threes.
There's that.
Okay.
Yeah.
There's a, there's actually some pretty interesting sales, like moonlighter, uh, vigil, uh, resident
evil resistance, oxygen not included.
Those all seem to be on sale.
All right.
Neat.
All right.
Well, if that's it, then I think we're getting down to last minute stories.
I don't know if we have any of those before we wrap it all up, uh, dark soccer or Loki.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So let's talk back about, uh, cyberpunk again.
Oh, apparently cyberpunk.
Cyberpunk has a problem.
They have a dildo problem.
Distracting number of dildos are apparently appearing in the game as a problem or feature
both little call may little call and be surrounded by dicks all the time.
I mean, seriously.
So apparently they're going to be fine tuning that to see if they can, um, uh, tone it down
a bit, but yeah, it is.
It's something, well, in certain districts in the game, they have like a red light district
that, you know, that stuff's everywhere, but yeah, it's, it's silly.
All right.
Anything else besides dildo updates?
That's it.
All right.
Oh, well, that's a good note to end on.
All right.
Let's wrap it up then.
Uh, final thoughts and good night time.
So, um, thank you guys, of course, as always for listening to the show, uh, downloading
our show or listening live, however you consume the show.
Thank you so much for doing that.
Uh, and, uh, please help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need the, the, the voices out there,
uh, to come join us on the show.
So help us spread the word, tell a friend or two about the show, leave us a nice review
wherever it is you found the show and, uh, really appreciate that.
And of course, um, since we don't have another show until I think the 26th, no 27th will
be the next show, um, have, have a good holiday, whether it already passed or whether it's
upcoming, uh, hope everybody's having a good holiday.
And I know everybody's kind of starting their vacations too.
Um, please be safe, uh, just because there is a vaccine that doesn't mean the pandemic
is over.
Um, they're giving it to all the rich people.
Yes, that's true.
They're giving it to all the rich people first.
Um, so please, uh, please stay safe.
Um, I'm not doing anything for the holidays this year.
We canceled all our plans.
I don't want to do anything.
So, um, you know, uh, I'll be catching up on some games, maybe try to pour some of that
energy into creative stuff.
Um, maybe try to make some more, you know, videos on demand and things like that.
We'll see.
Um, so just be safe guys.
Uh, anyway, let's get everybody's actual final thoughts here.
Um, I guess I pretty much gave mine, but I will elaborate and say, oh, this holiday
would be a great time to start a marathon game of civilization.
I think maybe that's something I'll do.
Cause I actually have the time to do it.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh, just gonna be working more on my game.
So I'm keep, keep on working on that.
Great.
And last but not least, Stark soccer, your final thought.
I attempted to give you a Duolingo, uh, uh, subscription for Japanese.
Nah.
Um, I don't know.
Um, actually I do have one.
Be kind to people.
Don't assume that just because someone looks like they're able-bodied, that they're not
dealing with some difficulty or disability or something really hard in their life.
Um, just be kind.
That's all.
Be kind.
Be kind to other people.
Be kind to yourself.
All right.
Or as my mom would say, can't you be fucking nice.
It's Christmas.
No, no, no.
There's a difference between being nice and being kind.
No, I got you.
I got you.
Being kind also means fucking fight.
I couldn't help but think of that in the spirit of the holiday.
What my mom used to say.
All right.
Your mom was cool.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, that's it.
We're going to have a great night.
Great week.
We'll see you next time.
Bye everyone.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
