Thank you for watching!
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back once again to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're live tonight, June 9th, 2024 with episode number 1007 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here with you every week with my co-host.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello, I hope you are having a lovely summer so far now that it's June, even though it's not officially summer, but summer enough.
It's hot.
Apart from my work having a Pride event and me going out for an entire 20 minutes and coming in sunburned?
No.
Yeah, that's why I didn't go to Pride downtown this week either.
Same thing.
Pride needs a new month.
I understand why it's in June, but we need to find some other things.
Isn't there also October Pride stuff?
Well, if you're in Palm Springs, yes.
And I think they do an event here locally over Labor Day weekend, which I haven't been to in 13 years as long as I've been doing DragonCon.
But that is completely put on by the
March Pride March Pride
I think that would be better.
That would be lovely.
March or even April, you know, a little rain during Pride.
Nobody's going to complain about the wet t-shirts.
April is reserved for autistic people.
End of story.
Alright.
So, alright.
No, I'm being silly.
It's like...
I want to do like online pride with air conditioning.
There you go.
Let's go back to 2020.
With extra self-care.
All right.
Well, also practicing some self-care over there by rolling up Katamaris in the background there.
Just one of the all-time best great little cute games that came out of nowhere and just, you know, changed everything.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
And of course, I'm referencing the video playing in the background, which is Katamari Damacy.
Or is it one of the sequels?
Beautiful Katamari.
Oh.
And it's because, I mean... We love that game here at OLR.
Exactly.
Aside from we love the game at OLR, I couldn't think of a more fabulous person to showcase but then the king of the cosmos for, you know, Pride Month.
Oh, for Pride Month.
Oh, perfect.
Oh, Loki, ally.
Perfect!
Somebody sent me a message on Instagram and said, I didn't get that joke, and then I searched it on TikTok and I found it, and now it's funny.
So anyway, Loki, ally.
No, happy Pride Month to everybody out there.
I think we kind of said that last week, but you know what?
It's all month long, so I'll probably say it every week.
But anyway, yeah, Katamari Damacy, really one of the all-time great games there.
and uh yeah uh we of course I'm referencing the background of the video and you can see video uh every week as we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock eastern six o'clock pacific at the Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
Okay uh we have a very very busy week full of news so I want to get into it because it wasn't E3 this week because do you know what the ESA did this week?
Acknowledge their own 30th birthday with a timeline of things that they've done.
That's what they did this week.
Was it empty?
Was it page 404?
It was, you know, it was like, remember when we did E3?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I watched them.
I watched them and I... Good.
I'm glad somebody here is on it because I couldn't be bothered apparently.
Summer Games Fest I watched with some of my fellow Channel 64 folks and we also made fun of it because, you know, you have to.
Well, that's what internet people do.
Yeah.
All right.
Exactly.
Break it down for us.
Let's start with Summer Game Fest.
Yeah.
So they kicked it off with LEGO Horizon Adventures, that rumored LEGO...
There's some weird, like...
Side characters that are not necessarily Horizon-based.
It's almost like if you took LEGO Horizons and threw it in LEGO Fortnite.
It's kind of like that.
I don't really understand what the point of the game is, but it looks cool.
Does it look like it has building stuff like LEGO Fortnite?
Yeah, you actually build your own encampment, but it's an encampment with...
Merry Ground or like Carnival Rides and like tents and buildings.
Things I think of when I think of Horizon Zero Dawn.
Exactly.
That was the thing.
What's also interesting about it is, well, first off, it's coming to PC as well, as well as PlayStation 5, but it's also coming to the Switch, which I thought was interesting.
So now we get more cross-platform stuff.
Well, then it can't be that super powered if it's coming to the Switch.
Well, I mean, it does look really good.
I'm sure they're getting a stripped down version of it.
Or, I mean, it is winter 2024.
I mean, maybe it's targeting Switch 2.
Who knows?
You never know.
No.
It's probably fine.
It sounds good.
I'd love to check that game out.
It does look good.
I'm pretty excited for it.
They showed off No More Room in Hell 2.
It's another zombie survival game.
We had Harry Potter Quidditch Champions.
It's a game where you play Quidditch and it's Harry Potter and...
That's coming out this September.
We had a new game from the creator of Choo Choo Charles who put out this game called Cuff Bust.
It is a game where you play koalas and you break out of prison as koalas.
As koalas do.
And you smoke joints because this is the type of humor that we have in 2024.
Hey, that sounds funny.
Anyways, we got another look at Star Wars Outlaws.
Wait, because they're koalas, do they all have over-the-top Australian accents?
I did kind of just... It looked a lot like Fall Guys, almost, in the sense that they're very neon koalas.
They have jumpsuits, but their jumpsuits more look like spacesuits than they... I don't know.
It looked funny.
Like...
You sound like you were a designer on this game, Loki.
This just sounds up your alley a little bit.
I don't know why.
No, like, I mean, it's stupid looking.
And so I don't know.
It's certainly more polished.
Yeah, but like stupid good.
Like the movie Airplane is stupid, but it's stupid funny.
You know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Star Wars Outlaws have another trailer.
We're going to get more of a look at that tomorrow during the Ubisoft showcase.
We had the sequel to Grizz, which is Neva.
Why not Grizz 2?
No, no Grizz 2.
It's Neva.
Sorry.
It's different, you know.
Neva, give me the name I want.
The game that you're probably very excited for, Civ 7, was...
I can't remember if they ported it later I think it was consoles from the get go and 7 is going to be everything at once so that part is kind of interesting to me just how they have to kind of make it work on consoles as well we got another trailer for Black Myth Wukong which looks awesome I'm really interested to see what that game is going to look like it's not very far off coming out August 20th so that's going to be pretty cool
um once human by starry studios and that's coming out next month a little survivor like a horror game there uh metaphor and uh this was all of the all of the uh persona of course because it is the same studio putting this out um and it's they tried to explain like the different archetypes or whatever that you had in the game but like
It was a lot of over-explanation in the trailer that was just like, I don't understand what's going on.
It's like, I feel the same way when I look at Persona.
It's going to be heavy on the cinematics.
I'm sure if you're a fan of Persona, you're going to be a fan of this.
Which there's a lot of fans of Persona out there.
Exactly.
New Batman Arkham game, which is funny because, you know, of how badly they botched Suicide Squad, but Batman Arkham Shadow coming to the MetaQuest 3 in fall.
It looks okay, but no, I wouldn't buy a system for that.
I appreciate that they're trying to give VR that must-have title, right?
And the Batman Arkham games were, for the most part, pretty darn good.
So I appreciate what they're trying to do.
Godspeed.
Yeah.
Um...
We had a reveal of like at first I was like, is this a new, you know, Fatal Fury game?
But no, we had the reveal for Street Fighter 6, which the new fighter pack, it's going to be including Terry Bogard from Fatal Fury.
My, and M. Bison as well, which is kind of crazy.
M. Bison wasn't already in Street Fighter?
Sorry, I haven't placed Street Fighter 6 as the demo.
I'm kind of shocked he wasn't already in it, to be honest.
Yeah, no, Bison, and Bison looks, you know, it's kind of funny because Bison kind of looks like, I'm like, what is this, Evil Ken again?
Because he's got like a hoodie and everything.
It's Bison with a hoodie.
Mike Deft in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, M. Bison was dead in Street Fighter V, but he got better.
Wait a minute.
Characters don't die.
It's not Mortal Kombat.
Characters don't die.
He's temporarily dead.
Hence why he's alive now.
Yeah, exactly.
It's video games.
They're never really dead.
Yeah, and then also Alina is in there as well.
Oh, cool.
Looks cool.
And I was going to say, I actually, like, my and Terry, like, from Street Fighter, in Street Fighter 6, like, I feel like that's the closest we're ever going to get to a new SNK versus Capcom, so I'm like, I'll fucking take it.
Like, that actually has me more interested in Street Fighter 6 than a lot of news has.
I need to, I legit need to pick that up.
I need to, like,
Grab it next time it's on sale or something.
Yeah.
We have a trailer for Tears of Metal which is...
it's like a Scottish um action game but like it's it felt like I remember the comment that we were making when they were showing this I'm like this seems kind of like this is like a bad stereotype this game like it's just the characters if you can have a you know character that's 150 Scottish that's what this game looked like it was ridiculous it's almost yeah like I said like a stereotype um everybody with a headbutt
it kind of but it's a roguelike uh co-op action game which is a another thing we were making fun of because there's a like almost every game they're showing is like roguelite it's like come on like can we do something different um Dragon Ball like I'm gonna be I'm gonna say it I I know it I'm gonna say it I like roguelikes I'm very brave okay yeah controversial yes uh Dragon Ball Sparking or Sparkling Zero uh
Delta Force Hawk Ops
This just feels like military game word salad that we throw out to actually create a game title.
This also has Black Hawk Down.
Hardcore stealth ops special infantry.
It has a very timely Black Hawk Down campaign mode.
You know, Black Hawk Down, the movie that just came out recently.
The movie from like 15 years ago?
Exactly.
Okay.
But hey, it's... I mean, you know what?
There's a lot of 80s movies.
Like, if they came out and said, like, hey, we're putting, like, Ferris Bueller's Day off into Fortnite, I'd be like, fuck yeah, let's do it.
You know, like, I laugh at that as I'm literally excited for the next campaign of Dimension 20, which is based off of 80s action movies.
So, like, I probably should shut up.
All right, next.
Anyways, speaking of SNK, Fatal Fury, City of Wolves.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
New game coming out next year.
And we had Battle Crush, which is an isometric character-based battle game.
Mecha Break, which I got excited for because it's a mecha fighting game and it looks awesome and it's fast and...
I'll never play it, but it looked cool.
Then out of nowhere, Blumhouse saying, hey, we're opening a game studio now, and we're showcasing all of these games that we're putting out.
So now Blumhouse Games has many different genre games coming out, a lot of them horror.
and a lot of them kind of throwbacks to like older games there's one that looked like a like almost like a Pokemon game one that was like a 90s um horror like title when it almost looked like uh the original Silent Hill or something like that uh kind of interesting what they're doing with that I like companies that are willing to take risks on different games which is nice
You know what?
Especially with all the news of closures we've had.
And now I realize Blumhouse is publishing, not developing, it sounds like, at least from this.
So it's not exactly like a trade or whatever.
But still, I think they're really hot shit in movies right now.
And yeah, obviously many people in chat right now are talking about Five Nights at Freddy's.
Obviously that did well for them.
They've had a lot of, especially in the horror scene, they've done a lot of big stuff.
So the fact that they're kind of lending that to...
Video Games Now, that is kind of a big deal.
It's going to uplift some of these, you know, what were probably smaller, you know, more indie titles.
This is great.
This is a surprise announcement and a good thing.
And speaking of like things out of nowhere, so we have a game from Digital Clips and Hasbro Retro Arcade, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Rita's Rewind.
It literally is like an arcade game out of the 90s.
They made one for the Power Rangers and it looks awesome.
It's coming out on PC.
It looks like Ninja Turtles, but they put the Power Rangers in it.
Yeah, I mean, it looks a little bit like the Super Nintendo game that they came out with a while back.
But they also have like some cool things like you're like first person Zord fighting and stuff like that.
But with the mode seven stuff in there, it's like I have to OK, so I have to ask our biggest resident Ninja Turtles fan Tiger Claw in chat on a scale of one to ten where ten is hype and one is hype.
Um, where, where are you at with the Power Rangers game?
I got, I gotta know.
Actually, anybody in chat can answer.
Anybody in chat can answer.
You know, why am I limited, limiting it to one listener?
One to ten.
Tell me how hype you are for that Power Rangers game.
Because it does look, I, you know I love me a retro throwback.
And I, yeah, I think that looks cool.
So we'll see.
Uh, Ranma says ten.
DarkTesilla says eight and a half, we'll say.
Deft says eight.
Bobby Blackwell says three.
Hater.
It's fine.
Okay.
but Bobby says I was never a Power Rangers kid.
No, I get that.
I wasn't either but I like me some retro beam ups.
Exactly.
S200 Matt says 8.
QuestBuster says 8.
Tigerclaw says Power Rangers wasn't my thing in the 90s as it was around the time TMNT was in the height of its popularity so he didn't answer the question so I'm going to put a 10 in his place.
Alright.
Anyway.
Then there was a game called Deer and Boy and
you know
We're making lots of Bambi jokes with this, but yeah, it's going to be one of those like companion, like emotional, deer's going to die at some point, right?
You know, it's got to be.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
The deer's mom will die at some point.
The deer's mom will die.
Right, right.
Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 looks pretty awesome.
You know, brutal medieval combat game.
And, you know, FPS medieval game.
Love it.
Another look at Slitherhead.
The game by the creator of Silent Hill that kind of resembles a little bit of Parasite Eve to me, but very gory and grotesque.
Um...
Very interesting that that's going on when, you know, Silent Hill 2 remake, which obviously is, you know, Bloober's taking care of that one.
Kind of interesting to see those parallels.
But, you know, I'd be curious which one the Silent Hill fan is more excited for because I feel like it's this one for sure.
I mean, to me, it's kind of like...
you know you have your Silent Hill 2 remake which is like your mighty number nine and then you have your Slitherhead which is kind of like your bloodstained ritual of the night it's you know two two studios kind of taking on you know IP and stuff like that but I think one's gonna be better than the other if you can catch my drift um
I will play that Silent Hill 2 remake.
It looks good enough.
It looks better than the 2 and 3 HD remaster.
It looks better than that.
Granted, that's a very low bar.
And then a game that takes a stupid concept and then executes it extremely well is Killer Bean, which I'm not familiar with the character, but it's essentially like a Max Payne
Grand Theft Auto type of game and I'll take it because I don't this had your name written all over it to me I did see this one and I was like this looks like a Loki game because it looks like Grand Theft Auto but stupid I like Grand Theft Auto and stupid but yeah like what Saints Row used to be like it kind of kind of I mean yeah yeah
uh then we had Karen uh which is a realistic climbing challenge game oh oh I thought I was like nope nope we made somebody made a customer service game like what is this oh my god you're climbing the mountain to complain to the manager yeah it's
How dare, why did a mountain climbing game take that name?
Give it back, give it back so someone can make a horror game.
To be fair, it is, like, for Karen, it would be spelled really stupid, so it's C-A-I-R-N.
It could be a, careful calling it that, because it could be like a language or cultural thing, so...
Right, what I'm saying is it's not actually, you know, obviously it's not actually like the name Karen as in what we normally would use unless they were really trying to force that.
But no, it's a realistic rock climbing game with like a story to it and stuff.
Oh, it's a realistic rock climbing game.
So it's, what was the game that was not QWOP but it was something else?
Only Up?
Or not Only Up?
You know what I'm talking about though.
Getting Over It?
Yeah.
he made another a few more games I think so yeah and Quest Buster okay yes a Karen is a pile of rock it is a real term so there it is okay all right yes yeah not so someone can still make the horror game with K-A-R-E-N okay
uh okay uh Wander Stop it's a farming sim game with a tea shop management and like some it almost feels like horror elements to it or something because the character they were shown in the trailer seemed to have some sort of like haunted past or something like that but um it looks cute um then we got uh Unknown Nine Awakening a uh fantasy game I honestly like
I don't know why they need a subtitle to some of these games.
Just call it Unknown 9.
I don't know why we need The Awakening.
It sounds like you're going to have a franchise or something.
But let's see if the game does well first before we do that.
Inotria, The Last Song.
And they showed off a cinematic trailer for that.
That one looked interesting.
That was kind of where...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
The announcement of Outer Sloth.
So you may know Inner Sloth, the folks that are behind Among Us.
Outer Sloth is their funding, I guess their publishing funding arm, that they're talking about publishing different indie games.
So using kind of the money that they've raked in from all of the Among Us stuff, including the TV show, which they showed off a trailer for.
Wow.
meh like major meh on that um I mean they do have yeah but still consider that that game was made by a team of three people and now they're spending their money on all this stuff like it's pretty pretty uh yeah pretty neat to see that and you have a growth a tv show with Patton Oswalt, Elijah Wood, and Ashley Johnson in it I mean that's you know pretty cool um
What else?
Oh, Sonic and Shadow or Sonic Cross Shadow Generations or Sonic X Shadow Generations.
I don't know.
X Cross.
I feel like we're in Final Fantasy again.
They showed that off again.
That's going to be coming out in October.
And...
DarkSakura,
Battle Aces, which they said is like an RTS for everyone.
So that's kind of cool.
I like an approachable game, whether it be with, for example, Minecraft Dungeons for like, you know, dungeon crawlers, but, you know, RTS games, it'd be nice to have something like that.
I mean, isn't Mario and Rabbids kind of an RTS game?
I get it, I get it I don't often like to play RTSs because they're a little bit like, yeah, there's a lot in it so yeah, something that kind of peels it back a little bit and simplifies it, I think that's a good idea
We've got the Season 3 trailer for the finals, showing off their new map and some new weapons and whatnot that's going to be launching this week.
Alan Wake 2 is getting a physical edition, and they announced the Night Springs expansion.
Congrats, all of you that held out for the physical edition.
You got it.
Yeah, it looks kind of crazy.
They have all the different characters from the different Remedy games.
Rose, Tim Breaker, and Jesse Fadden.
And that actually came out yesterday.
So that's kind of crazy.
New World has an expansion coming that they showed off as well.
Honkai Star Rail got another look at that.
It's more patches.
I'm going to try to skim through this because there's a lot.
Just keep going.
Dark and Darker, which is like a dungeon crawler game, kind of resembled a little bit of like an Elder Scrolls or something like that.
But what's different about this one is it is a extraction game, I think.
So it's a dungeon crawler, but you have to get out with the loot that you have, kind of a little bit like the Tarkov or something like that, but in the medieval setting, which is kind of neat.
Interesting.
It's like Mass Effect multiplayer or something where it's extraction survival.
Interesting.
We have, let's see...
Kunitsu Gami, Path of the Goddess.
It's kind of like a sword fighting game from Capcom.
And then Hyper Light Breaker was another show that's going to be coming in early access here pretty soon this summer.
Party Animals looks fun.
A bunch of cute little animals with a bunch of different games that you play.
A perfect example of how to waste your trailer time from EA for Skate.
They had a trailer with Tim Robbins in it.
I love Tim Robbins from I Think You Should Leave and stuff like that.
Or not I Think You Should Leave.
Tim Robinson, I'm sorry.
it's just they spent this four minute trailer they spent three and a half minutes with this weird sketch talking about M-Court basically abandoning a city but not really abandoning a city and then 30 seconds showing off that oh hey we're still working on the game and there's gonna be beta testing coming out you know this fall or something like that it's like did we really need all this stuff did you really need to spend the budget marketing this you know it was funny but
I don't know, it seems like a waste Also, for the crowd that goes back and watches things I don't bother with this type of stuff, right?
Exactly
Pal Worlds getting an expansion, the Sakurajima update, brand new island, new pals, new fun stuff there.
Also dedicated servers for Xbox as well, new raids.
All that news made me do is go, I am shocked that Nintendo apparently is not going to do anything about this game.
I really was convinced they were just waiting and building the case, but it seems clear and clear they're not going to stop it.
I'm kind of shocked, actually.
Valorant, they talked about some more updates with that as well also it's going to be coming to Xbox and Playstation 5 next week so June 14th and then Monster Hunter Wilds we got a look at that as well and it certainly looks like a very impressive looking Monster Hunter game
Yeah, there's a lot of people that are going to be into that one for sure.
I wish I could get more into Monster Hunter because of the mobile.
Again, I hope they put out a demo or something so I can try it.
And they usually do.
The last two Monster Hunter games I think have had demos.
So I'd like to try it and see if maybe it clicks for me this time.
But we'll see.
And then finally, Phantom Blade Zero, which looks like a fantasy Japanese or feudal Japanese game.
Civ 7
I think obviously you know you know I love me some Civ which I did suggest last week by the way Civ 7 would be a great time to announce right now so yay
Alright, well there's more!
That was one, so then right after that, well this one was, I mean there was still a lot in this, but Day of the Devs, right?
Day of the Devs, yes.
So there was some more games shown off, Day of the Devs, more indie games of course.
So I'm going to just go through some of these real fast.
We had Battle Vision Network by Capybara Games, a 1v1 puzzle battler game.
And it kind of, they say it looks like Might and Magic Clash of Heroes.
Oh, I haven't thought about that game in a while.
That was a fun little puzzle game.
It definitely looks cute.
So that's, you know,
I am 8-bit, it's a retro-styled RPG
where we play a motorbike courier delivering flower pedal or flower powered digital pets.
So it's like for people that love their old school Pokemon.
Yeah, you know, it's got the Pokemon vibes for sure.
Karma, The Dark World.
It's a scary game.
That's what they say.
I don't know.
There's no screenshots.
but um yeah it's interesting this one's kind of cool i saw uh some of the screenshots from this ufo 50 so it is a game by moss mouth and it's a 50 in one game like collection but it's like all these like fake not fake games but like they made 50 different games within this collection it's kind of like those kind of um
I don't know, like the minigame collections you would find out there.
Like a clubhouse games type of thing?
Yeah, like clubhouse games, but these are actual retro-style games.
Not necessarily like cards.
Yeah, the one I'm looking at looks like Super Dodgeball, which was one of my favorite old-school NES-era games.
And one of the Kunio games.
Yes, yeah.
Do they all have anything in common, like a Kunio game?
Or is it just a mishmash of curated games?
I don't know if they have a anything in common I'm trying to see real quick because I've like no they all look like they're from they all look retro they all essentially have like the same like block palette so it's like kind of a a hybrid between like a Super Nintendo and like a NES like Pixel Poops number two could have been in this except these are all widescreen games they're not three or four by three games probably better than Pixel Poops number two but yes yes for sure
um okay so uh yeah i mean yeah there's like a lot of these different games kind of resemble stuff that i've played on the um nes and it's by a bunch of different developers as well so like from the creators like they said of splunky downwell time barons and i've never heard of this score plaque and madhouse um
so it's like a lot of developers just putting together like 50 brand new games they say these are not mini games or micro games although the size of each game varies everyone has a complete experience with its own title screen intro and ending some are small arcade style games but there are also larger open world adventures and JRPGs that could take many hours to beat interesting all right that's awesome I'm excited um what else let's see uh
we have a ranger which is a it's a
I guess, I wonder if this is from Furniture and Mattress.
You're navigating a world by shifting rows and columns.
It says the team has Braid artists and Karto writer on board.
Okay, well, cool.
I was going to say, the art looks very like Braid.
Yeah.
Yeah.
uh let's see there is one I'm trying to figure out which one oh this one's cool yeah Screenbound a game um where you walk around while holding kind of like what looks like a Game Boy um it's like a 3D world but then there's a 2D version that you're playing as well and they kind of link together which is interesting oh that's clever that's clever yeah so it's kind of kind of an interesting platforming game there um
What else?
There's so many games.
Like, I cannot stress how many games are here.
Quoria is published by Dotnod, a stylistic isometric adventure game.
We have Zuchosis from Clapperheads that...
it's a horror game and apparently you're like a zookeeper but there's like horror stuff like they say here a giraffe turns into a spider monster and kangaroos with giant mouth bellies I don't like animals like that I don't know I would suggest going through these and probably just checking out a lot of the stuff because there may be stuff that you're going to find that you know that we
We probably didn't cover.
There is, in fact, actually kind of going off tangent here, so I did try to check out some of the other ones as well, like the PC Gaming Showcase and
Devolver Digital was doing their thing, their weird thing, as they normally do.
PC Gaming Showcase was so boring, I couldn't get through it.
The problem is they're trying to be like Devolver Digital, but they're just not funny, and that's the problem.
Whereas Devolver at least had some cool games to look at.
So one of them that I thought, Robby, probably be something you might be interested in is called Crush House.
So the Crush House, it's essentially a dark comic dating life sim.
Imagine you're filming Big Brother.
And so you get to kind of edit and push people in different ways to get them to fight with each other in the Crush House or fall in love with each other and kind of...
You know, twist how people are viewed on the show and stuff like that.
And so it's kind of set in the year 1999 as well.
And you take the role of a producer.
I think that was the year.
No, that was the year before like Survivor and all that stuff debuted.
So yeah.
Yeah, it says players will have to choose between 4 of 12 personalities to cast for each season of the show, trying to mix and match personalities to attract and create the most entertaining segments of reality TV.
Sounds dumb as fuck, I'm into it.
And there's a free demo that's currently on Steam, so you can check it out now.
And the game's coming out August 9th.
Yeah, definitely, it sounds like work.
Yeah.
Rob, you play it and you tell us what it's like, okay?
Alright, I will.
The only other thing I was going to name that I think caught my eye that Loki missed during the Day of the Devs, which is fine because there's a lot of stuff, is the game Afterlove EP because that game has rhythm game elements in it.
That might be of interest to some of our fans.
Although it doesn't look like it's actually a rhythm game.
It looks like it is kind of more of a narrative adventure, but it has rhythm elements in it.
So that's just one that caught my eye.
There was another one that came up on my YouTube feed today.
I don't know if it was announced at one of these events, but they just put out their announcement trailer.
It's called Unbeatable.
It is a game by D-Cell, and it is a rhythm action game.
I love their tagline on here.
It's a game where music is illegal and you do crimes.
But it looks cool.
The art style is very well done.
It reminds me a lot of...
Oh, Hi-Fi Rush, but not like that style of presentation.
It's not like a 3D beat-em-up game.
It's more of like a 2D, definitely more story-based.
I think there is also another one called...
Questbuster in chat calls one out as well Mike Laidlaw from Dragon Age fame also showed off his new RPG Eternal Strands on Friday it looks like it borrows a bit from Shadow of the Colossus and merges it with action combat and magic
We're going to get into another big one.
Oh, sorry.
We're going to get into another big one in a minute here, but you all asked questions and I got answers.
So you asked, what does Shane think of the Power Rangers game?
And the reason why you might want to know his opinion is he used to host a show here on the network called Ranger Pride.
He co-hosted that with Spike.
Obviously, it sunsetted some time ago, but he's kind of our resident Power Rangers fanboy.
So I texted him, of course, and I said, listeners want to know your thoughts on Power Rangers game.
Here's the response I got.
That's the response I got.
So, of course, I was like, what's that?
Why that?
He says, it's Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and also... So, if you kind of know Shane, it's one of those things where it's like he... The Mighty Morphin that was big here, they've obviously done all these other iterations of Power Rangers and Sentai since then.
So, it's kind of the same thing about why is it always Gen 1 with Pokemon?
Why does it always count?
So, it's part that...
and he says it's MMPR and also Hasbro killed the brand anyway so it's hard to care regardless so there's some other I kind of equal that I liked the Japanese series and never really cared for the US you know whatever they did to it so that's kind of the way I feel about it too
So I guess it really is nostalgia bait for many people.
But anyway, you asked the opinion there, so there it is.
Let's get into today's showcase from Xbox.
Let me just say though at the top to break it up a little bit because we've just been going game after game after game.
I will say, well, let me ask this, Loki, because you actually watched it and I can't say here.
I did watch this one, yeah.
Well, oh, I thought you watched Summer Game Fest too.
I watched Summer Game Fest and I watched this one so I'm curious like overall what was your thoughts on Summer Game Fest because to me it sounded a little like it's easy for me to come out here and say it didn't sound like it was a very strong showing but I also realized that with the industry like pretty fucked right now as far as like layoffs all these other types of things that it's going to take some
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
It's... I mean, I don't know if it's... I mean, sort of, I get that.
Like, I think going into it with the expectations that I had, which was not much, it was fine.
It didn't really necessarily meet my expectations, but once again, I had no expectations.
If you went in thinking, oh, we're going to see Grand Theft Auto 6...
No.
Well, then you were an idiot and you deserved what you got.
I'm just going to tell you, I'm going to break it down for a bit.
I'm sorry.
If you went in with that high of a bar, you deserved what you got.
Exactly.
It's nice to see that there's a lot of independent titles, and that's the thing with a lot of these games that we're talking about.
It's not...
and so on.
certainly there are the bigger games that are going to be we're going to be talking about some here pretty soon but it is these indie studios and these up and coming games that are going to hopefully shed a light on some of this practice that's going on because right now what's unfortunate is we have all these big
that are just like, hey, we're going all in on live service and we're going all in on the microtransactions and we're going all in on not innovating and we're just going to pump out with safe and do that.
Isn't the industry kind of
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and so on.
I think that you can see the interference by higher-ups and decisions made that just really screwed with that game.
And same with even Redfall recently had the same type of issues.
You can see the influence by the C-suite or whatever on these games that have just destroyed it.
And unfortunately...
We're not in a world where everything's perfect and these people take accountability for their dumb decisions.
I wish employees could sue executives.
I realize with at-will employment and all that's never be the case.
Y'all can spare me the legal talk on why that isn't happening.
But I can say I wish.
I can say that would...
It's just, it's just, it's shitty that more executives out there aren't taking the brunt for what they forced in games, but I'm preaching to the choir.
Anyway, let me go back to what E3VL said in chat, which is especially Sony canceling a lot of live service.
Yeah, that also kind of shows like the pause, right?
On the bubbles bursting on this.
We got to pull this back.
Anyway, we're going to get into the Xbox stuff of which, you know, I can, I'll speak just general and overall real quick.
Just, you know, again, kind of looking at everything.
It's weird with Microsoft because that whole taste of the layoffs and everything still kind of burns.
It does.
It's hard to watch this in some ways.
But at the same time... Go ahead.
No, I was going to say, like when the two executives...
that were part of, like, so you have the head of Xbox Game Studios, you have the other one that was, like, the head of, like, Xbox or whatever, I don't remember what division she, yeah, so you had those two.
When they came on screen, I was pissed off to see them.
Like, honestly, like, I was just, like, I really wish you were on this.
What purpose do you have to spout, like, garbage right now?
Just show the trailers.
Like, I don't really need you here.
or that maybe in this limelight showing moment where all eyes are on you, why not have some of your frontline employees be introducing these games?
How about that?
I like that idea.
You know, but I get what you're saying.
Like there's this, yeah, I get it.
It was like, it was a pointless break between like trailers for them to come and say just literally just,
Corporate garbage.
It had no meaning other than like, oh, we have a new Xbox thing coming out or a new system lineup.
I don't need you to tell me that.
Also, I don't want to see your face right now.
It is too soon.
We're fighting, yeah.
Exactly.
It's just, I don't know.
It just felt really toned up.
It's weird that all that can be true, yet...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I think they did very well and it seems like a lot of reaction online is even from the most Xbox skeptical people you know there might be comments on the things we were just talking about which is completely understandable but overall it's like the games they were showing were like yeah this is uh they got a lot of good shit coming
Maybe it's because they own half the industry at this point.
I don't know.
But anyway.
Maybe.
Yeah, so Xbox Showcase started off strong with Call of Duty Black Ops 6 taking place during the post-Cold War and during the George H.W.
Bush administration era.
You know,
basically you know they show their campaign trailer off and stuff like that looks like Call of Duty I mean so what can I really say of course confirming that it is going to be on Game Pass day one the game I'm most excited for out of everything that they've showed off so far Doom the Dark Ages this was that rumored game that was supposed to be shown basically Doom set in you know
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
It's kind of crazy.
So you have, you know, Doomguy with a shotgun and the brand new kind of chainsaw shield thing that he can throw like Captain America's shield.
I'm there.
It sounds awesome.
It looks awesome.
So that's going to be something that's coming out next year.
I'm excited.
That's actually one, which is weird because like I'm not, I didn't play Doom Eternal or anything like that.
It looks like I recognize that it's a good game, but
Dragon Age The Veil Guard
Starfield, Shattered Space
which is going to be kind of more of a horror focused on that that's going to be launching later this year also there's going to be a free update that's out now that they did with some more bounties and some other stuff with that
Quickly, Quest Buster, also, because I do want to bring this up, mentions about Dragon Age, Veil Guard.
It's coming out near the end of this year, too, which it's almost shocking and hard to believe that finally we have a release of this year for that game, because it feels like the game's been in development forever, but that it was never coming out.
I believe they're going to show gameplay later this week, and I'm a little more interested in gameplay than story trailers, so we'll see.
Yeah.
Fallout 76 is getting a map expansion with Skyline Valley which they said is set in Shenandoah and they also showed off Vault 63 as well which is going to be a new vault and also tease at the very end of that trailer you can play as a ghoul soon.
Another interesting looking game called Expedition 33 essentially it's got Ben Starr in it and
Happy Pride and it's a fantasy game where essentially some sort of creature named I think is the artist or the painter or something like that counts down every year and apparently when they count down everybody that's that age or older well I guess not older everyone that's that age dies wasn't that the plot of the Maze Runner?
I don't know I never watched the Maze Runner
We got some gameplay.
Yeah, it's a turn-based RPG, right?
Which is what people want.
Yes, yes.
So that's, there you go.
It's a turn-based RPG.
I want it.
I want to play that.
Turn-based, Ben Star.
Here's your $70.
Yes.
Or is it a Game Pass game?
Well, I mean, all these are Game Pass games.
Oh.
Right.
Yeah.
All of these are Game Pass games.
Um...
Oh, it's Logan's Run, not The Maze Runner, sorry.
I mixed up my old school sci-fi films.
Logan's Run was more of like when you're 25, I think, or whatever, you get taken somewhere and shot.
This is like, when you're of a certain age, you get Thanos snapped out of existence.
You know, that's the difference here.
Better than throwing yourself off a cliff when you're 70.
How is that different?
Anyway.
One's more instantaneous.
Okay.
We got gameplay of South of Midnight.
That's that kind of very stylistic game set and kind of like the bayou, that type of thing.
Looks cool.
It's going to be coming out in 2025.
We have the trailer for the World of Warcraft, The War Within, the new expansion that's going to be coming out later this year in August 26th on PC.
I was going to mention, though, as a quick aside, I'm surprised I didn't see Overwatch at all during this whole thing.
that's one thing to note we didn't need her showing up and ruining the mood fair enough uh we got a trailer or gameplay trailer have you ever been to a party and then a certain person shows up and is like god the vibe just got killed it's you oh oh her
This bitch.
They're actually changing the name of Overwatch to Oh Her.
Oh Her Watch.
We got Metal Gear Solid Delta Snake Eater.
And that's, of course, the remake of Metal Gear Solid 3.
And some gameplay with that.
I mean, yeah, it looks like Snake Eater.
So, you know, as long as we have the song in there, which I know we will, that's all I need.
CFE Season 13, they showed that off where you can be bad.
You get a big bad ship now and you can do bad things.
At first, like I thought, was this the whole...
or not Pirates of the Caribbean.
Sometimes it's good to be bad.
What was the game?
I can't remember.
LucasArts game.
Monkey Island.
That's right.
I thought it was that all over again because the one pirate guy looked like LeChuck.
But it's not because they've already done that in a previous season.
Like three times, yeah.
Well, hey, four times.
Why not?
Thank you, Bobby Blackwolf.
I'm not bad.
I'm just drawn that way.
We had Flintlock, The Siege of Dawn.
It's a I guess they say it's a fusing melee weaponry and guns.
I feel like they showed this at a previous thing.
Yeah, it looked familiar.
Age of Mythology Retold looks like an original or it's a remake of the 2002 game and that's going to be coming out on September 4th.
We got gameplay, I think, sort of, of Perfect Dark.
It looks different than I remember the last Perfect Dark game I played, which is from the Xbox 360.
So I don't know what this Perfect Dark is anymore, but it looks good.
So cool.
We got the intro, I think, for Diablo 4, the new expansion, the Vessel of Hatred.
So they did a little cinematic for that?
Okay, so as the Resident Diablo 4 fan, I will say that I don't usually care about cinematics, but Blizzard Cinematic in particular has always knocked it out of the park, and this one was very, very fucking good.
Diablo 4 News Diablo 4 News Diablo 4 News Diablo 4 News
They stealth dropped pets on the game.
So they just released pets into the game today.
They put out a 3 gig patch and now you can finally get a pet dog.
So they have a quest to do a pet dog.
How do you get other pets?
By pre-ordering the expansion, of course.
Or pre-purchasing, excuse me, because that's the thing that Blizzard does.
Pre-purchasing the expansion, you can get different pets.
But...
You can get a very good dog friend for free in the game right now.
It is a quest that takes you five seconds to do.
The quest is literally, you found a dog.
That's it.
And most importantly, the tutorial teaches you you can interact with the dog.
So yes, if you say hello to the dog, you actually pet the dog.
I'm glad developers realize that this like in the year 2024 like what's fucking important so like they realize like never mind that the dog picks up the gold and the crafting stuff for you which is a very good quality of life improvement in Diablo never mind that's if they just want to let you know you can pet the fucking dog yes you can that's it that's all that matters and that was the best news out of this entire week
we got more of a story trailer for the new Fable game and it's been confirmed hopefully to be coming next year I do not sorry I muted myself from clapping I do not want another goddamn story trailer for Fable gameplay gameplay gameplay it looks neat
But yeah, I'm with you.
How's Hellblade 2 selling, by the way, after all that rollout?
No talking about Hellblade 2 either.
And then no fucking hype when it comes out.
Hey, there you go.
See, instead of having, was it Matt Booty in there for a few seconds to say some absolute trash that means literally nothing, you could have put, hey, do you remember that Hellblade 2 is out?
Do you remember that game we hyped like 10 times and it came out?
Did you know that game came out and it's available now on Game Pass?
Go get it.
Like, yeah, seriously, I 100% agree with you, Logie.
Yeah, it's dumb.
They showed off a new 5v5 hero shooter, yay, called Frag Punk, but it has a unique twist to it at least, where you get these cards that essentially dynamically change the game.
So they had one that shows it flips the world upside down, or one that adds electricity to your bullets or something like that, or big head mode so you can get easier headshots.
That looks kind of neat.
So that's Frag Punk.
Winter Burrow, which is a cute little mouse survival game and a farming sim.
Not really sure much about that.
This one was really cool.
So Mixtape, which is a kind of a... It feels very like...
Life is Strange almost but it's you know kind of like a slice of life you know in the 90s uh it's got that kind of uh I don't know like Life is Strange almost type of thing but it's got a really cool soundtrack as well to go along with it so they got Devo, Roxy Music, Lush, The Smashing Pumpkins, Iggy Pop, um Suzy and the Banshees, Joy Division and more
and looks fun.
Help me show my age through this game.
Thank you.
And that's by Annapurna.
So we got Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024, and they showed off some of the new stuff with that, including a lot of the different, you know, occupations that you can play around with in Microsoft Flight Simulator.
So, like, you know, they have agriculture, aviation, cargo transport, search and rescue.
Sorry, unintentional Xbox noise on the thing there, but I was like, oh, right, I forgot that this was announced, and I have not watched the footage for this game yet, because...
Flight Simulator games are always like oh my god the graphics in these games are so fucking good I had to like see like what this looks like because oh my god Flight Simulator like the problem Flight Simulator is kind of a hard game
Fight Seeing Mode
but god it's so seriously they need to just have a mode where you just like rocket man mode where you just fly around the world in a jetpack with unlimited fuel because it's so beautiful so beautiful anyway I could just
I just want to get high and play this game.
Let's just call it what it is.
Let's just call it what it is.
I just want to chill out and just watch the pretty visuals.
You want to get high and get high.
High in altitude, of course.
That's right, yes.
I want to get high in altitude in a video game.
I would never endorse anything else.
Rob, it's legal.
I know, but still.
At least here it is.
Then we had the new expansion for Elder Scrolls Online, Gold Road.
That's going to be coming out here in a couple weeks.
Nine days, actually.
June 18th.
Hold up, hold up.
We're going back to Flight Simulator.
That came up in conversation yesterday, actually, that game.
Why is there a mode in Flight Simulator where you're taking pictures of Bambi?
What is this?
That's not flying?
This is what you do when you... Because there's a photo mode, but then there's deer.
Can I just play... Can Microsoft just give me that fucking game?
Because that looks really good.
Just world travel the game where you go and take pictures of things?
Take pictures of pretty shit.
That's all I want.
Take an edible...
and Take Pictures of Pretty Shit.
That's the game I want to play.
Like, what is wrong with developers?
Or how about you could just fly to, like, Forza Horizons and then go take pictures in that.
You could be a spectator in Forza Horizons.
Let's just cross the games over, you know?
Oh, no.
I love a good photo mode, though.
Like, I've been going to town with that Avatar game.
They even have the fucking northern lights.
Like, this...
It is gorgeous.
This game does not get enough credit.
It's so good.
Okay, I'm sorry to derail everything, but also I'm not.
And it's great because it's so immersive because your computer sounds like it's taking off when it's running the game.
So it's, you know, it's the feeling of immersion of the jet engines going.
You can play it on an Xbox Series X or through the cloud or something.
It won't look as good in the cloud, but you can play it on a Series X, I'm sure.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Alright, sorry, I derailed whatever other thing you were talking about, but taking pictures of Bambi is important.
Yeah, so Elder Scrolls Online Gold Road coming out in nine days.
Life is Strange Double Exposure, which is apparently, you know, a story with Max, who is now dealing with like an alternate reality where she's trying to figure out, you know,
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It certainly looks better than the movies, or at least the new movies.
The recent movies, not the old movies.
But I'm down, so it looks cool.
We got another look at Mecha Break, but that was in the other showcase.
Wuchang Fallen Feathers, which is kind of like some Bloodborne-looking game.
We've got the briefest trailer possible for Avowed, which the entire time we were traveling, like, is this Elder Scrolls?
Is this Elder Scrolls?
But no, it's not Elder Scrolls because it's sort of Elder Scrolls, but not.
It's very Elder Scrolls.
And then to go along with that, to even confuse me even more of games that are sort of Bethesda, but not Bethesda, we have a game that looks like Fallout, but in London, which I was like, is this...
What I think it is.
But no, it's another game franchise called Atomfall, which is essentially like Fallout, but in London.
And they have big robots and all sorts of weird stuff going on.
That looks cool.
I'll check that out.
But I'm surprised it's not Fallout.
Another trailer for Assassin's Creed Shadows.
We'll probably see more of that stuff later.
Tomorrow, we got a gameplay trailer of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.
2, Heart of Chernobyl.
It looked pretty cool.
We got the announcement of the Xbox Series X and S hardware refresh.
So they're going to be doing three new consoles refreshes.
So there is an Xbox Series X, all digital, so it looks like a refrigerator with a door you can't open.
and that's gonna be in white what if they had a tiny little refrigerator where the drive used to be where you could cool like one can of Mountain Dew like that's that's the Xbox I need I mean they have the refrigerator already that looks like the Xbox Series X that's true that's true it's just gonna be confusing I've been tempted to buy that fridge is this the game system I don't know it's like it's both um
But yeah, that's going to be coming out with a one.
They're also going to have a one terabyte Series S in robot white, which I was like, wasn't the Series S always in white?
But apparently it's not.
Apparently they had.
Wow.
Several people in chat, by the way, telling me that that Xbox fridge is not worth it.
Bobby Blackwell says it's not a mini fridge.
It's just a cooler.
I bought it and I was disappointed.
Pod Culture says, Rob, it ain't that great.
All right.
Damn.
Shut me up.
and then they also had a special edition Xbox Series X in Galaxy Black with 2TB of storage and a disk drive and what you may ask is Galaxy Black, it's like someone put their Xbox Series X next to some place where someone was spray painting and some little particulates of the spray paint got onto the Xbox
Yay!
Okay.
Well, that's also $600.
The bigger storage, I guess, is neat.
Yeah, I mean, two terabytes, I guess, is nice when you consider that, you know, Black Ops 6 is 300 gigabytes.
So, you know.
that's what that's that folks for you with the wonderful Xfinity that's a third of your month's download isn't that great isn't it great to be gaming in the future just just wait until you see the game size of that fucking flight simulator game that's all I have to say and then last but not least the one more thing was Gears of War E-Day it is a prequel was it really a surprise though
I wasn't expecting because I've completely forgotten about Gears of War, so it's fine.
Well, there you go.
Wow, a lot going on there.
You know what?
Gears of War, a game that exists.
Well, I will say the biggest shock is that it's not Gears of War 6.
It's Gears of War Subtitle.
So, yeah, you know what?
It sounds like it was actually a really good commercial for Game Pass.
I mean, I know not everything is a game, because like Assassin's Creed, I don't think those games usually go to Game Pass, but it sounds like there was a good chunk of things they showed that they are going to Game Pass, and I think Game Pass definitely needs that kick in the butt right now, so that's neat.
so, alright
Well, lots and lots of announcements this week and definitely sets up what the rest of the year is going to look like.
Of course, we're waiting to see if Nintendo will perhaps announce something.
You know, I was looking at our Discord because we do, you know, we not only take your calls on Discord, but we also chat with you guys throughout the week at our Discord server, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And I saw in our chat, somebody had posted that I guess on Reddit, somebody had leaked a Nintendo Direct.
This happens every time.
And I'm going to tell you, I looked at that list.
and it's not real.
And I'm sure it's very, very obvious that it's not real and there's a hundred of these.
It's not real.
And the reason why it's not real is because number one, it has an F-Zero GX remaster on it and that game's never coming out.
That's one reason.
And I said, you can go look at the Discord what I said.
I said something nasty in response to that.
You can go look at Discord what I said.
If that is true, I said I would do something nasty.
All right.
But here's the real thing.
No, no.
I said I would go to Nintendo headquarters and give handjobs in the parking lot.
That's what I said.
Oh, that's not bad.
I think I actually redacted myself, but there you go.
Anyway, but here's the thing, is that in that list, it's missing...
Indie titles.
And I know that Nintendo does indie directs, but that doesn't mean they aren't going to showcase smaller studio things in their summer showcase.
And I think every bad leak list out there neglects this, is that they don't just focus on Nintendo and the big third parties.
There's always little announcements too.
So that's why that list ain't real.
But anyway, I would love to see whatever really happens from Nintendo.
And if my arm's going to be very tired in Washington, then fine.
That's the game I want more than anything.
You'd become the most popular podcaster with Nintendo.
You mean I'm not already?
Alright.
Anyway.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had to fight with playing Baldur's Gate 3 on GeForce.
It had worked great before, and this time, I don't know if it's just the virtual environment, but it's reading.
I've always had this problem where it reads my Logitech controller as an Xbox controller when, if anything, it's more like a PlayStation controller.
and I have to redo all this stuff on it so I was fighting that but I did play a little bit I also played some Avatar on my own I'm waiting for the season pass that I got with my order to come through definitely played some Dead by Daylight I had a really entertaining night playing Dead by Daylight honestly
I've also played a crap ton of pinball because I did go with Dan to a little party with the pinball group and I got to play Labyrinth, which I felt it was a little dark and honestly less fun than I thought it was going to be.
Oh, wow.
um i mean it wasn't bad don't get me wrong uh and maybe i just needed to play it a little bit more um and also i will admit someone was talking in my ear the whole time i was playing it and i'd like to be able to concentrate on the game um
Also, Looney Tunes.
The new Looney Tunes table.
Which is a lot of fun.
It is a blast to play.
I absolutely love it.
You find one in the wild, you play the hell out of it.
It's so good.
I also played Total Annihilation, which is one of the... Just a really, really fun table.
One of the multi-morphics.
And I played Woe Nelly...
Big Juicy Melons Big Juicy Melons Big Juicy Melons
Oh yeah, she was holding them up.
I'll send you a picture of what it looks like.
Oh boy.
And then I played Tron for a little bit, because the friends had a Tron, and they also had the cutest bulldog ever.
And I was playing that stupid RuPaul's Drag Race game.
It's so stupid, and I love it.
they have the Willow Pill event going on and I myself am going back to watching that season because I haven't seen it through so alright we all have guilty pleasures in gaming, it happens and it's probably on your mobile device alright
Well, I need something to do.
My brain's sort of like, I have played Pulp Fiction, by the way, Bobby.
It's reasonably fun.
I didn't really find it super engaging to play.
All right.
Well, let's go over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was all Minecraft.
I was working on stuff for my latest episode, which came out today.
So I built the entrance to my theme park, and I created artwork for my season pass that I have in the game that you use to get in and out of the theme park.
Well, in the theme park.
We would use it to get out.
That'd be ridiculous.
But yeah, it's...
It took a long time to get everything done just right.
But yeah, it's out now.
You can go watch it.
All right.
Yeah, that's all I did.
My gaming week.
So I've been playing a lot of the same stuff I usually do.
I actually did some streaming this week.
It's been the first time in a couple months, but I played some Mr. Pandaria Remix and World of Warcraft.
I got my monk tank to max level right now, which is 70.
So otherwise been collecting the little collectibles because that's what you're doing in the remix mode.
But it's a heck of a lot of fun.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, but then, uh, let's see, uh, addition to that, I've also been playing Diablo 4 because there's a XP boost event going on right now.
So I want to make sure I make the most of that and try to get my seasonal character as far as I can.
And then, um, I actually played something new this week, or at least new to me.
So this is a game that was out, then it wasn't out, and now it's out again.
And I have a friend that's really into it.
So he's been kind of like, come on, play this game.
Come on, come on, come on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
but like I don't know it didn't feel quite as chaotic as I think Smash Brothers matches sometimes do um also I'm not good at it um so there was only a little bit that I could do and if you don't pay for the characters you can only use like four or five characters so I was playing as Jason from Friday the 13th who was one of the free characters and I enjoyed doing the move where you shove somebody into a sleeping bag and then go pound pound pound pound like pound them in the sleeping bag so that was making me laugh um
And that's my review of multiverses.
I don't know what else to say.
I'm applauding in my mind.
That's it.
That was my gaming.
I was going to mention real quick since you were talking about your gaming week and you talked earlier about Street Fighter 6.
It is half off this weekend.
Yes, Deft already pointed that out.
Thank you.
Deft already pointed that out to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thanks for the heads up and my
Wallet is currently crying.
I'm sure that there will be spills any time soon.
Blizzard wants me to pay $90 for the expansion of Diablo 4.
It's the limited edition version because, or whatever they call it, Super Digital Collector Edition, because it has the kitty pet.
If I paid the most expensive.
The expansion itself is, I think, $30.
It's not quite so bad.
But, you know, of course, they want to find a way to...
Suck every dollar out of the wallet of the most hardcore fans, of which I'm kind of one of them, so I don't know.
But I have held off successfully so far, so we'll see how long I'm able to last.
All right, that's it for my game.
Something that you can get later?
Is it only...
I don't know.
I like to think I could get it later because I feel like these companies are always willing to sell you digital upgrades.
Square Enix is still offering me every time I sign into Mogstation on 14, don't you want to get a digital collectible edition upgrade for Heaven's Word, the expansion that came out 10 years ago?
And I'm like, no, I'm good.
I don't need the pet and the minion that come with that.
I have 500 minions and 200 mounts.
I don't need
One more for 30 bucks or whatever they want to charge that upgrade.
So I don't know.
So Square's going, hey, hey, kids, hey, kids, you want to buy some NFTs?
You'll buy some NFTs?
No, luckily they aren't NFTs.
Not not not this time anyway.
That didn't work out for him.
Hey, actually, Loki, you bring up a good point.
Something to celebrate from all these games we've heard about.
Something to celebrate from all these big titles and indie titles.
We didn't hear a goddamn thing about NFTs during the biggest week in game announcement.
Let's celebrate that.
Let's take a moment to just pat ourselves on the back.
Congratulations, everyone.
We killed NFTs in the gaming industry.
Alright, let's get into some gaming.
I mean, there's always going to be NFT bullshit and dark quarters of the internet, but if you're still on Twitter, then that's on you.
Alright, let's move on.
Loki, let's talk about some other gaming news.
Other things that happened this week.
Yes, so there's been, you know, obviously with all the different game showcases, it is not to be forgotten about all of the game studio layoffs that we've had already within the last few months.
I mean, it's just like never ending, it seems like.
So along with that, in LA, downtown LA, right next to where some of these are being shown, we have electronic billboards talking about the different studios that have been, they're gone but not forgotten.
So they mention Arcane Austin, Roll7, Tango Gameworks.
Volition, I believe it's Sony London Studios, and it says everyone laid off, downsized, or made redundant.
Thank you for your great games, your friends at New Blood.
So I assume it's another indie studio.
We love you, we miss you, we hate money.
You know what?
Good on them for saying something.
Good on them for putting that front and center and reminding how we got to these announcements was unfortunately a lot of these closures.
I think that's very interesting.
And look, everybody's talking about it now.
So money well spent, right?
Yeah, exactly.
And according to the New Blood Interactive CEO, he's like, I'm always trying to find new and creative ways to waste money.
I don't know if that was a waste of money.
I mean, maybe he could have created a job out of that, but fine.
Probably not, not for a billboard.
Yeah, billboards aren't quite that much, but still.
along with that of course Jeff Keighley also did happen to mention a little bit of it during the whole presentation for some games fest stating that I know if you watch this show you don't just play games you deeply care about this art form and the health of the industry the good news is we have a lot of amazing games to show you from creators around the world over the next two hours
Let's face it, this has been a difficult, tumultuous year with company layoffs and studio closures that disappointed all of us.
I get inspired by new ideas, the new teams, and the smaller creators.
I can and will break through.
It's a reminder that big companies, they have to treat their developers right.
But because today there are money paths...
Money Paths to Sustainability and Success and that's, I think he meant many paths.
I think it's misquoted there.
I don't think it's money paths.
The success in what makes this industry so, so great.
Also, he said some souls of creators were invited to the showcase their games because we think this platform is an important way to show new things that you may not even know about, which in the case of like that Koala game I was telling you about, that's developed by one person.
So, yeah.
So he actually said that at the show?
Oh, is that internet?
Okay.
Again, I didn't watch it.
I think the rest was like interviews with... Oh, maybe he did.
I don't know.
I think I missed part of that in the very, very beginning of the show, but...
yeah Bobby's saying he opened with it on stage and sort of reminding us also Jeff's basically saying laid off start your own indie studio not every person can do that they need job stability yeah you know in a perfect world that would be the answer is that you know and I know I've said that on this show too but I always try to kind of put the footnote of if you can if you're able to you know that would be the best thing that could come from this but not everybody seems like a sign of being out of touch a little bit a little bit yeah so anyway
um well I'm glad he said something about it at least and kind of like reminded folks of you know the price of a lot of this uh at least he acknowledged it yeah he probably should have done that six months ago at the game awards but um better late than never I suppose um
Also, maybe better late than never, the PlayStation VR 2 coming to PC.
Now, we kind of knew that this was happening because a couple weeks ago, PlayStation had originally sort of unveiled that they were plotting this whole thing.
But this week, we got a lot more details on this.
So the adapter for the PC is coming on August 7th.
If you have a PSVR 2, which of course was released for the PlayStation 5, you will now be able to hook this up and play PC games.
In fact, it even shows in a screenshot Half-Life Alyx, which of course is a game that's unique to Steam.
In an official PlayStation blog post that went up this week, Sony mentioned they built the PSVR 2 from the ground up specifically for PlayStation 5, and that's why some features that are on the PS5 are not going to be on PC.
HGR, Headset Feedback, Adaptive Triggers, Eye Tracking, Haptic Feedback
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
their PlayStation VR 2 they're going to start porting some of that stuff to PC maybe and it would be nice to be able to have the full features on PC since you're going to ignore your PlayStation VR 2 platform I don't know I wouldn't say never say never
But you will get 4K resolution, 110 degree field of view, see-through view, finger touch detection, 3D audio, all that stuff will be there.
The price, $60, $59.99.
Fine, I call that $60.
and you will have to have a DisplayPort 1.4 cable to use the headset on PC that cable is not included also if you want to know the minimum specs that was all released as well so you will know if this is something that you can work with or not I will say as somebody who only has the PlayStation VR original headset this does make the PSVR 2 headset a little more attractive knowing that it would work not just for the PlayStation games but for
You know, Steam, VR games as well I'm not sure I'm ready to take the plunge still But I'll say I'm a lot more there than I was before Like now, maybe we'll put it this way It's kind of like a wish list item now I don't think I'll actually spend the money on it But it's like a wish list Like if one fell in my lap, I wouldn't be upset
I would say, well, I mean, if you already have one, if you already have a PlayStation VR 2, I'd say it's a pretty good investment, but I would have to say, like, if I'm going to invest in, like, say, buying a PlayStation VR 2 to use on PC, I would want to see how that compares, like, with other headsets that are out there right now, like, what the, you know, performance is going to be, and with all of the absence of, like, HDR and stuff.
HDR's
I don't think that's a huge deal, but some of the other stuff, like the adaptive triggers and that type of thing, kind of is annoying.
Especially when you consider that they have that built into the controllers themselves.
It's just an API that they need to have available for people that want to use it.
DarkSakura
So Sega has let us down.
I wouldn't say easy, just let us down completely by saying that there are going to be no other Sega Mini anything released this year.
Basically, and this is a translated quote, I think you'll forget a lot of things after two years.
So if you watch this program again after a long time, I think you'll enjoy it again.
Just saying, you know, again, there's no, I don't get what that has to do with there not being any, but he wants fans to rewatch the 2022 announcement.
It's like, uh, no.
It is the fourth anniversary of the Game Gear Micro's reveal.
64th birthday of Sega as a company.
And they did have a poll to see what many hardware people want next, and Saturn came out on top.
So...
But the Saturn would be really hard to minimize.
And if the Saturn is that hard, I would of course think the Dreamcast.
I mean, then again, the Dreamcast runs basically in a Windows-compatible environment, so who knows.
However, in another story that popped up, there is a fan-made Saturn Mini version
that someone has made and is trying to reach out to see if it's possible to market that.
Interesting.
Probably be a lot of rights things with that, but yeah.
Well, I mean, it's not like they're saying never.
I feel like there's a whole, so you're saying there's a chance to this whole thing.
It's just not going to happen this year.
What was that?
You sounded all digitally to me for a moment.
It sounds very, so you're saying there's a chance.
DarkSakura,
Rob's a robot.
You know, we've known this since the 80s.
It's just a fact that we need to accept nowadays.
But the ironic thing is the stream goes out from my place, so I'm the one that's clear to everybody out there unless the stream is hiccuping.
But looking at missed frames, it doesn't look like the stream's hiccuping, so it's just some weird internet blip.
It's Discord.
Blame Discord.
All right.
Stupid.
Well, let's blame other things on the internet.
Loki.
Alright, well, I mean, another strike against emulation, I guess, and piracy, maybe?
So Vimslare, one of the oldest places on the internet to find and download ROMs and emulators.
I can't believe that's still running.
I recognized that name.
I was like, holy shit, that's still a thing.
Yeah, apparently they've announced that they had to remove many titles from Sega Nintendo and Sony, the ESA and LEGO.
What was the ESA published?
Nothing.
I don't know why they would mention them, but whatever.
So they posted a post on June 5th announcing minigames that are removed following requests from various companies.
Vim's Lair has been asked to remove minigames from the vault on behalf of... Hold up.
Pause.
Pause.
Pause.
And the ESA is one of those companies.
So who do you think... They made a request.
Who do you think put this whole thing together?
I guess there you go.
That's what they've been doing this month.
So since there's no E3 anymore, they have the legal time to go shut down these ROM sites.
And look, I understand.
Say what you will about piracy, although these games are years and years and years old.
Sure, okay, fine.
You want a virtual console, me?
Nintendo Switch Online?
Fine, fine, fine.
But all it's doing is driving this shit further underground.
Now these are all going to be the e-ticket items on Discord servers and other underground places around the internet.
It's all it is.
It's good that they took care of it now because we know now that emulation and ROMs have thoroughly been destroyed and that it is over now.
Piracy is over thanks to the ESA.
Clearly...
This is happening because the number one, well, I don't know if it's still the number one app on the iOS store, but it was for a hot minute.
The number one app on the iOS store was an emulator.
That's why this is happening now because what are the games people want to play first off?
It's probably one of those games you just mentioned minus the ESA thing.
Right, what I'm saying is it's ridiculous to think that this makes any sort of dent in anything.
It's just so stupid.
Yeah, it's just going to drive it for the runaround.
That's all.
I mean, sure.
They want it harder to smash?
There you go.
Good job.
What do people want to have?
The games that they're not supposed to have.
So you just made people a checklist of things that they should be going to get because it's very clear that now you're chasing down these things so it's just going to make people want to have a backup of these games on their computer even more.
Exactly.
but only the ESA would be applying logic from 1995 to this whole situation.
I mean, they are celebrating their impact on the industry having not been able to pull off a show for three years now.
You guys are awesome.
Alright, in the arena of questionable legal things, we know Nintendo has had some leaks in the past.
For example, you might remember that the game Yoshi was leaked.
I think, although it was actually, it was Yoshi when it was announced and then it became Yoshi's Crafted World.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Nintendo and why has Nintendo evolved with this?
Because apparently in 2017, these documents show that a contractor who had administrative access, who worked with Google, who owns YouTube, of course, used their admin privileges at YouTube to download and watch what was assumably a private or unlisted trailer for a Yoshi game that Nintendo was about to unveil.
That contractor shared it with a friend who, of course, immediately took that screenshot to Reddit.
This is why all of my friends know that if they ever share private information I give them, they will be killed because that's what friends do.
So you need to keep secrets for a bitch.
So I don't know why.
So obviously the most untrustworthy friend in the world.
But anyway, yeah, they were the one that went over to Reddit and then another Google employee saw it and recognized it.
It's interesting because if you actually see the screenshot, you can see there's like an admin.youtube thing in the URL complete with most of the key in there that I'm sure made this very easy to trace back.
Google's full statement on this.
Okay, so anyway.
that's how stuff got leaked was because somebody put a private video on YouTube and somebody else watched it and I'm sure that's going to make everybody think twice about the private videos they're putting on YouTube not that anybody's putting porn up there because I'm sure you know automated filtering and stuff looks for that but you know it's very very interesting so if you keep a personal diary or something there's other people out there that could absolutely watch it if they wanted to food for thought
Anyway, let's move on to some better news.
DarkSakura.
Well, um, and going into the concept of this is game preservation, there has been a long lost game that was found and preserved.
It is Tarzan for Atari.
And it was, you know, thought to be gone forever.
But nope, it was, uh,
It was supposed to be published by Coleco for the 2600 and then for the ColecoVision in 1984, but it was Tarzan.
And it turned out...
That, you know, with those release dates that they had announced in 1983 at the Winter Consumer Electronics Show They had been talking about that port and that it just kept moving by and moving by and moving by And it didn't really get a release But a collector named Rob, but not you
who goes by AtariSpot managed to find a working copy of the game from a former Coleco employee and worked with another homebrew programmer Thomas Jench and got it dumped and it
It is one of those games that used the bank switching to get around the hardware limitation.
And so they managed to get the game working and now it's out there.
Score one for preservation.
Yeah, he actually received two Tarzan boards but only one worked.
Hmm.
so there you go always fun to unearth things from many many many many many years ago that you know just didn't come out for whatever you know sometimes publishing reason or you know with the crash and everything that was happening in the industry at the time yeah very cool I'm looking at the game in play and like it has some pretty in-depth stuff for it and some neat animations and everything so not bad I'd be curious to check it out
All right, well, going from the classic industry to the modern industry, Loki, you were very strongly hinting at some of this earlier in the show in a story that's making the rounds this week.
Yeah, so Suicide Squad, there was a report with Bloomberg talking about what happened?
Like, why this bomb?
And I know it's going to come as a shock.
Well, what had happened was... What happened was, apparently, they said there wasn't a single cause of Suicide Squad's failure.
Instead, Rocksteady Studios' project was hurt by an unclear and shifting creative vision, ill-fated pivot to a completely new genre, and the perfectionism of the former creative director Sefton Hill, who left the team prior to release to head up a brand new studio.
Um...
So apparently Sefton Hill created a bottleneck during the development process with people waiting a week or longer for him to sign off on individual elements of the shooter.
At one point, he apparently had the idea to introduce an in-depth vehicle customization aspect to the game, balked at others on the team since it would seem to undermine Suicide Squad's emphasis on its anti-heroes' individual traversal abilities.
and they said that of course it has very bad vehicle missions in it which is kind of
maybe part of what he did also he scrapped big chunks of the script and struggled to convey his evolving ideas um they said according to the article confessed that he had spent much of his time playing games like Destiny and um you know these setbacks were compounded by the increasing tech debt due to short-term fixes for projects some hope would shift early 2020 um
Why didn't they stop the game from releasing?
Well, Warner Bros.
executives apparently didn't see anything wrong with this.
They didn't seem concerned at all.
They kept reviewing the demonstrations of the game and sending laudatory feedback, praising the graphics.
Because that's the only thing a fucking boardroom person knows how to review is the graphics.
Oh, looks good.
Exactly.
Looks cute.
Saying they expected Suicide Squad to become a billion dollar franchise.
Because the graphics are really good.
Yeah, since then... Somebody show the Warner Brothers board the Flight Simulator trailer.
I'd like to know their thoughts.
So, since then, they've put out updates.
Like, Season 1, for example, was released in two chunks because it was garbage.
Both episodes are now available for people to play.
They said their developer updates will change from being weekly to releasing them when we have big news.
to share about future content.
Yeah, what's funny is their content is all recycled content as well.
Like all of the stuff from season one, like all the boss fights that are in there are recycled boss fights from the game.
So it's like...
I'm glad... I don't get it.
Look, it's very... When you said, why did Suicide Squad bomb?
I'm like, the easy answer for this is executive mismanagement.
I'm glad this article goes so far as to name who in the executive team was at fault and why.
I still think it feels a little bit like setting one person up to take the fall because the reality is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This person, sure, is setting up to take the fall and was doing a very crappy job at their job.
Sure, I'm not going to say, but who's watching the Watchmen?
That type of thing.
Who's making sure that that guy's doing what he's supposed to be doing?
And that this shouldn't come out late.
Yeah, S200 Matt says, just blame Zaslav.
Done.
It's his fault.
Well, and also it sounds like the executives don't understand what a game is supposed to be.
So the executives literally don't know what the fuck they're doing.
It's like, it's like, it's like if you just shot fireworks in their face.
I mean, that's essentially what the game looks like anyways.
It's like shooting fireworks in their face and they're like, oh, it's so amazing.
Like, and that's the thing too, is like you look at this game and it's not really amazing graphically.
I mean, like there are like the cut scenes are pretty good.
The motion capture is good on it, but the gameplay is trash and like the game is trash.
Well, it just goes to show the biggest problem in the gaming industry right now is a boardroom.
That is the biggest problem.
It was why do we keep talking about?
Why is the answer?
We'll go start your own indie studio.
You're not going to have these types of problems because what's missing in an indie studio?
A boardroom.
There's not somebody that's motivated purely by the money and the dollar signs and the trends they see on Wall Street and what they're reading about on the internet and what they're hearing about at conferences and stuff like this.
It's these people that are making the decisions that fuck everything up.
The biggest problem in the gaming industry right now is the boardroom.
But you can see the Day of Reckoning is very fastly approaching.
And unfortunately, it's not.
And this is the most frustrating thing about it.
It's not the boardroom that's paying the price.
Now, that guy left, so fine.
You know, he left.
But all of those people, all of that board that saw that game and signed off on it should be held accountable.
Period.
Period.
I better know which game he's working on over at Microsoft there because... Yeah, and even Microsoft, probably with this report coming out, is kind of looking a little closely, right?
Looking a little more closely.
Oh, I saw what you did.
And Microsoft absolutely should be doing that.
you know if if you know and there could be other factors coming into play that I don't even really want to get into but like it could be something about the environment something about you know like maybe maybe Warner Brothers wasn't clicking for him in a way yeah and Microsoft is and I think that's the benefit of the doubt that should be given but you know Microsoft's going to be watching well and also they give him a little bit more benefit aside from like the procedural stuff where he's taking forever to get sign off on certain things
Like, we don't know
Like, people don't intend to do their job poorly on purpose.
It's just, there could be other factors, like some of these executives could be pushing, hey, we need to make this a live, you know, we need to push towards this live service type thing, and so that's why he was saying, oh, we need to go in this direction to make this game.
Although, we don't know that.
Maybe he thought that that was just what was best for it.
So, I think we need to know the whole picture, but also at the same time, like, I don't care anymore because this game's trash, and I don't,
I just like watching the fire right now.
I don't know, it sucks.
There's real people behind it developing it.
It sucks that it's what it is, but also the quality control.
I mean, it's just not something I'd be proud of putting out.
Well, I don't know if maybe Warner Brothers is a little more proud of Multiverses.
I don't know how it's performing on its kind of re-release that it's going through right now.
But a story came out that really makes it look not great because there is a feature that lets you pay money
to refill your lives during campaign missions, which sounds very mobile gamey, like, you know, a limited time of day or whatever.
And of course, fans kind of spoke up about it and said, this is stupid.
Player First Games came out and said that the feature was a bug and not intended as part of the game.
So they said it was a bug.
So actually coding this whole thing for sale in the store, having the graphics and the text to go with it, that's a bug?
I think that maybe the fact that it was accessible was a bug.
Interesting.
So that maybe the store was set up for somebody else, like a tester or something, to go in and get it for free?
Well, it might have been set up as an intentional thing that they wanted to come out with the game and decided that it wouldn't fly and then patched it out, but bug.
It's accessible.
Interesting.
That's happened with features of games that were unintended.
I mean like... I mean...
That's what glitches are for.
I mean, I'm trying to give them the benefit of the doubt for this.
But I mean, there are tons of things that are fully programmed into a game and are inaccessible, Hot Coffee.
Or even with what I'm playing on my retro night on Castlevania Symphony of the Night, you can glitch the little trap door right at the beginning of the castle to open and there's a whole section down there.
It's not complete, but it's there.
Leads to a save room.
Yeah, but like, I don't know.
When you use the word bug with those situations, this situation is kind of like, well, but you were going to go down that road.
So it's not really a bug.
That's a bad idea that we accidentally left in the game.
That's why I said the accessibility of it is the bug.
Yeah.
We pushed an unintentional update for features, just like how Assassin's Creed or whatever it was, like showing ads in a menu.
it's not a bug it's just that you push the feature out that you didn't intend to actually push out like you create the feature and then it didn't pass that final check of like oh god we shouldn't do this that's too much but someone asked for the feature to be made it's just that the sign off you know when they saw it or when they got to that point they re-evaluated I guess for now
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Alright, DarkSakura, what did you pick this week?
I picked Street Fighter 3 New Generation as in the first of the Street Fighter 3 games.
It is, of course, a fighting game in the Street Fighter series and it was...
Really, really, really... It taught us that Capcom can count to three.
Because before Valve started doing it, Capcom was doing it.
All the bajillion versions of Street Fighter 2 that existed.
So at any rate, this was originally released in the arcades in 1997.
And the official name on the cabinet is 3, A New Generation of Street Fighters.
It was produced for this CP System 3 hardware, which was CD-ROM based and allowed for a lot more elaborate graphics than the CPS2 that Street Fighter Alpha and the earlier ones were on.
And it's considered to be a direct sequel to Street Fighter 2 and basically only retained Ken and Yu.
and a whole new roster of fighters and a new boss even so we'll get into that in a sec it did have two updates there was Street Fighter 3 Second Impact also in 97 and Street Fighter 3 Third Strike in 1999 which honestly I'm going to say that Third Strike really was the best improvement there was a home version of the game that was released on Dreamcast
in a 2-in-1 that was Street Fighter 3 Double Impact, which also included Second Impact.
And then, of course, we finally got the sequel to all of those, so is Street Fighter 4 in 2008.
So, moving forward, I mean, it is...
It's a fighting game like every Capcom fighting game.
However, this introduced a parry system, which I will point out, Samurai Shodown 2 had a parry system before this.
But with this, you can basically deflect an attack without receiving damage, but you really have to be precise.
I mean, we all remember, was it at EVO that there was the block of every one of Chun-Li's kicks or something?
That was pretty impressive.
But a really good player can use that to also reduce any damage by special moves in super arts by doing a parry.
But again, you have to be really precise about it.
The other thing that you get is the Super Arts, which are a powerful special move, like a Super Combo, a Street Fighter Turbo, and Alpha.
You will be able to select from one of three character-specific Super Arts to use.
and you have a super art gauge that fills up with you doing different moves against people.
And once you can do that, you can do it when the gauge is filled and depending on what you choose, the length of the super art gauge can vary as well as the amount that you can stock up in that gauge.
that gauge so you can also cancel a special move into a super art taking that from Street Fighter EX it had far more elaborate sprites including multiple stun sprites a turned around state in which when your character is turned around your back faces the opponent after being hit um
So it's just all kinds of stuff that went into this.
Just to skip a little bit up, apparently each character is made up between approximately 700 and 1200 individually drawn frames of animation running at 60 frames per second.
That's why the game for me was just always like, it's so fluid.
Like, look at the movement.
It was new, you know?
So going back to the characters, of course we have Ryu.
He wants the fight.
There's Ken, who...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We have Dudley, who is a gentleman British boxer, and he's trying to win his Jaguar back from Gil.
I mean, and I have to say it like it said over there, the Jaguar.
It was his father's antique convertible.
You have Elena, who I played a lot of, who fights with capoeira, as in all legs and feet.
Ibuki, who is the other one I like to play, who is a ninja girl.
You have Necro, who was a...
A Russian guy who was experimented on.
Oro, who is a hermit who fights with one arm tied behind his back so he doesn't kill his opponents.
You have Sean, who is Japanese-Brazilian, and he's like Ken Sakura.
Yoon and Young, the Kung Fu twins.
And they are basically head swaps with the same moves and everything.
But in Second Impact, they got different movesets.
So that was cool.
And then Gil, the guy who runs around in...
A white, I don't know if it's supposed to be a hundoshi or just like speedos or something, but yeah.
And he can manipulate fire and ice.
The one side is blue, the other side is red.
Now, it was announced the game was in development during a March 27, 1996 meeting.
They said the development took more than two years.
It was first unveiled in 86 at the Japan Machine and Marketing Association tour, and a few minutes of footage were shown.
It was also stated before the show, Mikami, as in Mikami Shinji, stated that it would be possible to convert it to home consoles that were then on the market.
And including the, at the time, upcoming Panasonic M2, which it's one I haven't gotten into a lot on, but it was supposed to be the successor to the 3DO.
IGN witnessed a demo of the game in development for Nintendo 64 and Nintendo 64DD and IGN thought that it might be coming out on that um
it was a rumor, that's what Capcom said and Nintendo actually did delay the launch of the 64DD until December 1999 so Capcom said it might be possible to port Street Fighter 3 to the Sega Saturn if they use the RAM expansion cartridge
However, though, because of this game running on the CBS3 engine and all the stuff that went into it, the only home release that they did was on Dreamcast.
and so on and so forth.
and a parry attack mode in Second Impact.
That was in there.
You had a bonus round for that.
And it let you play as Gil and Shin Akuma or Golki in Second Impact.
And they were the purely, you know, as in the arcade version, purely computer controlled.
The soundtrack was released by First Smile Entertainment on CD.
And the Third Strike soundtrack was released by Mars Colony.
And it had an arranged soundtrack.
Okay, let's stop and talk about the soundtrack for Third Strike.
I thought that it was really good.
The announcer tracks were done by a Canadian rapper called Infinite.
And...
The music in the game was just this interesting fusion.
You had some drum and bass, you had a little bit of jazz, some hip-hop.
I really liked Ibuki's music.
Ibuki's music to me just sounds like fusion jazz all over and I'm into it.
It was re-released in 2018 as part of the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection for PS4, Xbox One, PC, and Nintendo Switch.
It got decent ratings.
Famitsu gave the Dreamcast version 31 out of 40.
And overall, the arcade version, of course, did get a lot better reports.
But
Some people just were not completely into Street Fighter 3.
There was a lot of people who were.
It was really divisive.
I did not enjoy playing it when it first came out.
I really, really didn't care for it.
I liked Ibuki.
I liked Elena.
Of course, I played Ryu often.
But for me, it wasn't really there until Third Strike came out.
and who knows maybe Second Impact and Third Strike will be their own classic game at some point but at any rate that's the game Street Fighter 3 New Generation yeah I um this you know for as much Street Fighter 2 as I played this one didn't really land with me at first and I think there's something to be said about how they kind of basically changed up the entire roster uh you know save Ken and Ryu from the very first game and all that I think it was you know kind of harder to just
I guess maybe get into these new characters at first.
I don't know.
But there's a lot that this game obviously kind of did for fighting games in general.
Like the smoothness you talked about especially is so noticeable with this, right?
In the arcade mode and just how smooth it runs.
It looks so good.
Really something different.
I remember we got one in the arcade that I worked at.
Yeah.
and I just remember just watching the demo mode for a little bit and then watching people play it and I was like oh my god it's so pretty and all of it being hand drawn animation you know we don't have I mean now when a game does hand drawn animation it's a novelty yeah
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says aren't Street Fighter games like Star Trek movies only the even numbers are good?
Nah, Third Strike was great.
But yeah, I was gonna say, you know, even the third Star Trek movie has its fans.
I'll tell you what was funky to me is that when Chun-Li
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, and OrangeRite kind of points out like it was okay for the time and then Third Strike was well beloved and Five, Street Fighter V got better.
So it's like maybe the odd ones kind of get better with age, although the original is kind of just an anomaly in a way.
Like we don't talk about the first Street Fighter game really.
I still like Street Fighter 4 better than 3 and 5.
Oh yeah, 4 is great.
You see, so Chun-Li essentially, all those people that skip leg day, she makes up for their skipped leg days by taking extra leg day.
She absorbed their leg day.
She absorbed all their leg days.
And everyone was left with very spindly, yet still somehow muscular thighs.
And Chun-Li's like, look at all of this.
She put all of her stat points into thighs.
Yep, that's it.
Your classic game of the week, Street Fighter 3.
She has a 10 in Charisma, a 15 in Dexterity, and a 57 in thigh.
Alright, let's cover some other headlines real quick in a segment called Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
Yep, so there's some fun mods out there for games that you probably shouldn't be playing on your PC, but you can.
So there's been a team of fans have been working to port the Jak games to PC, and now they've added a mod that you'll be able to use on this ported version to play multiplayer in Jak and Daxter.
So that's cool, because you can't do that.
So now they have this mod called Team Runs, and it's Jak and Daxter Online, I guess.
and yeah you can play a full co-op uh through the campaign and I they even have in-game timers splits automatic lead boards submissions for like different speed running tools including with that um I don't know how many players total they can do but they had a lot of players in one of the screenshots there's at least four players I saw during their like kind of trailer showcasing this um
That's cool.
Hope it doesn't get really fast.
You know, I hear that game industry, you know, what was it?
Oh, gosh.
See, I've already forgotten about them.
The ESA.
I hear that ESA's out there and they're hungry for some article points?
I don't know.
They're seeking relevancy.
Apparently there's a mysterious banana clicking game on Steam that really has no point aside from clicking a banana and the number goes up.
Well, I wouldn't say it doesn't have a point.
Well, wasn't that the plot of Cookie Clicker?
Sort of, but Cookie Creator had some actual progression in it.
Like, you can unlock the grandmas, and there's the whole weird elders thing.
Yeah, the whole demon circle grandma, yeah.
Whereas this is just, you click a banana, and apparently it does unlock different achievements as well.
I do think, though, one of the things that maybe are keeping people doing it is it also unlocks bananas that you can sell on the marketplace.
Yeah.
so maybe that's what it is that people are selling the bananas and making money I don't know but why?
cuz cuz it's a banana and there's 100,000 people playing it 137,817 why?
because we love bananas I like a good banana but I don't want to cook a banana all day
I would eat a banana all day though We don't need to know about what you do in private, Rob You and your banana eating, I swear Nasty, nasty Bananas are good food Alright, what do you have?
What did you think I was talking about?
I was talking about bananas Sure you were.
Alright, DarkSakura, what do you have for us in gaming?
Volgar The Viking 2 has been announced for Switch I've never played Volgar The Viking 1
It is a sequel to a side-scrolling platformer that has new power-ups, new forms of magic, new enemy types, and a new soundtrack.
And it's going to be available August 6, 2024.
You have to be very precise when you're playing the game.
And it's very just like classic difficulty.
And
He's old, apparently.
They keep talking about him being old.
So you have to use magical power-ups and you have different bosses and it says that they are so big and ugly they're just begging to have their heads chopped off.
and orchestral soundtrack speed running tools including an on-screen timer and no HUD mode.
You have six different endings depending on how you play.
You have a practical mode and multiple profile save options.
You have buckets of blood and bone explosions.
And the last key feature on the list, Rob, Loki, loincloths.
Oh, well, you have my attention.
Nothing says awesome game like a loincloth.
Yes, I love to store my bananas in a loincloth before I eat them for lunch.
That's an interesting place to store a banana.
Isn't it?
I think bananas just need to be left in the sun to ripen.
Maybe in Europe.
I don't think that's allowed.
I'm talking about bananas.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
All right, well, what I'm talking about is a great thing for the industry, another labor agreement, another union, if you will.
Microsoft and the CWA, the Communication Workers of America, they have reached a labor neutrality agreement for ZeniMax workers.
This is similar to the 2022 deal that covered Activision Blizzard employees, and that went into effect in April of this year.
A senior quality assurance tester said,
said in a CWA press release, their name is Paige Branson, said, thousands of our ZeniMax coworkers now have a free and fair path to organize together for better working conditions.
Also, the CWA mentions that Microsoft will take a neutral approach when employees express interest in joining the union.
The workers can communicate with their peers and union reps about membership, and that can be done in, quote, a way that encourages information sharing and avoids business disruptions.
So, neat.
GameTrailersTheShow Yes Yes
V Rising on PS5 Magical Drop 6 on PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series
We have a few Monster Hunter Stories games So Monster Hunter Stories and Monster Hunter Stories 2 Wings of Ruin So Monster Hunter Stories will be on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4 And then the sequel only on PlayStation 4 Shin Megami Tensei V Vengeance on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series That's it
All right, let's go to Japan and check out the releases in Japan.
Coming out on the 13th on the Switch, Snufkin, Melody of Moominvalley.
Yes, that is the name of it.
We also have Construction Simulator 4 in Japan.
MotoGP24, also making its way to Japan.
And on the 14th, we get Monster Hunter Stories in Japan, as well as Shimogami Tensei V.
Vengeance all out on the Switch this week in Japan.
But now it's in a gold edition.
So if you have ever wanted to drive a forklift, well, maybe you could pick up the U.S.
version of this game because I know that something exists here as well.
But Japan gets a PlayStation 5 version gold edition this week.
How about Europe, DarkSakura?
Oops, how about it?
On the 11th for PlayStation, Ark Survival Ascended will be out.
On the 13th for PlayStation and Switch, My Life, FarmVet.
With a cool little penguin on it.
PlayStation on the 14th we have Retropolis 2 Never Say Goodbye and also on the 14th for PlayStation Switch and Xbox we have Shin Megami Tensei V Vengeance alright that's it we have just a few more stories for you here and then we're going to get to the listener round table I think we have an email tonight and maybe we'll get a call or two but first we have a few more stories so let's go to Loki
Yep, so there is a big campaign going on to try to fix or save Team Fortress 2.
Essentially, there's a big bot problem in the game, and now over 200,000 fans have basically signed the petition to try to get Valve to actually do something with this.
You know, they had that whole, hey, we hear you guys.
but that was like we hear you and we're doing nothing about it that was like over a year ago something like that and then of course now Team Fortress 2 has received over 25,000 negative reviews and now has dropped to mostly negative as far as the reviews go for the game so much for Team Fortress 3 yeah I guess but yeah Valve has been silent so far about
anything that they're doing.
They just need to update their anti-cheat or something so that it's not so easy for these people to run bots.
If their anti-cheat, though, is only on its second iteration, they can't upgrade it, you know?
That's right.
As SJ100Matt says in chat, we hear you, but in order to fix it, we have to type the number three, and we can't do that.
Yeah.
Precisely.
Sorry.
Anyway, well, this is one of those, like, I can't believe we're living in the year 2024, but here we are kind of stories.
And that is that IKEA is now hiring people, but it's not for what you think.
So, you know, the game, I'm going to use a quote of fingers, the game Roblox.
I know Loki knows this game because his kids participate in Roblox, right?
Yeah.
Of course, this is a multi-platform, multiplayer game, and you use tools to create, play, and share games and experiences.
It's kind of like what happens when ZZT becomes dystopian and three-dimensional.
Would that be an accurate description of Roblox?
I'm sort of.
It's like if Second Life was more Duplo, I guess, or something like that.
I don't know.
Well, now maybe Second Life can pay you a little bit because Ikea is going into Roblox and they are making a digital store.
This store will be staffed by real humans.
You know, a lot of people are kind of dunking on this, but there's also part of me that's like,
at least it's not AI like I kind of feel like we should sort of celebrate that they didn't just put AI bots in there to do that which honestly is kind of you know what you'd see most they're going to probably have to at some point because like think about it okay like this isn't gonna last so now now they've essentially told the universe and I mean the universe hey guys we we're gonna be hiring some people today we're gonna run into this they're gonna pay you to do this but
these are real people you can interact with please don't troll them you are going to get so many people just
Can you imagine doing your job?
Even if it's a remote job.
All day long.
Like, can you imagine that?
That sounds like a thrilling good time.
Well, anyway, here's the deal.
So IKEA is hiring 10 lucky candidates to work in the digital Roblox store.
You will get paid.
You get what equates to $16.82 is an hourly rate.
And of course, it's a remote job because, yeah, it's in a video game.
You have to be 18 or older and you must live in the UK because that's where these jobs are based.
Um...
I want to eat meatballs in front of customers.
Not serve them.
If you're thinking about applying, here are some very serious questions that they ask you on the application that you must submit.
How do you feel about being turned into pixels?
If you were pixelated... How did you feel about the Adam Sandler movie, Pixels?
Which would you be and why?
What would you do if we ran out of pixelated hot dogs in our bistro?
Login to Shell and type fdisk.
I hear what you did there.
That would be if we ran out of big slated hot dogs.
I'd burn this store to the ground.
Maybe I should apply.
Yeah, Rob, apply!
Digital goods are not finite.
I don't live in the UK, but if I did, I would apply as- Dear friends in the UK, infiltrate Roblox through Ikea.
Here's what I'd do.
I would apply as a Spice Girl.
I would be Meatball Spice.
And I would apply for this job.
No, Rob, we already know you would be Pumpkin Spice.
But not at Ikea.
That doesn't work at Ikea.
I'd have to be Meatball Spice.
I don't know.
This sounds awful.
It does sound awful.
All right.
In a moment, we're going to get to the list of roundtable here.
But even though it's not a story we have listed on the side, DarkSakura, I know you have some things to say about another thing going on in the industry because it really impacts a game you have given a lot of time and attention to, right?
Oh, yeah.
Well, both of us have.
Yeah.
Well, I played it once this week and then remembered why I don't play.
Well, Behavior Interactive had laid off up to 95 workers in Montreal, mostly in Montreal.
Now, they laid off people earlier in the year as well, but...
What was really sus about the whole thing is that this comes after they said that they were going to be more transparent and interactive with the community.
Most of the people that they laid off were people who were in social media marketing and fan engagement.
and that just seems really suspicious to me and then later on in the day after that happened a lot of the employees came out and said you know that had been interacting with us for you know a few years now they came out and said yeah it's true this happened we can't talk about it you know and
and DarkSakura.
I managed to find it on the Wayback Machine and saved it.
The other thing, too, is that they also just released the Dungeons & Dragons chapter a day early on Monday and did the layoffs on the Tuesday after.
So... I... It's just all very... The optics on it are shit.
Yeah.
I mean, laying off people anyway is bad, but this particular group, in light of other statements that they've said and they're saying that
Well, they attributed it to pandemic overspending, but the developers are also saying that there are many, many more reasons.
And it's really, a lot of people internally are also pissed about it too.
So, they said that they're trying to restructure the way that they do things and blah, blah, corporate speak.
and I mean this also comes after you know they acquired Fly Studio in 2023 they got Suck Money Studio and Code Glue and had a new studio in Cornwall and then in 2022 they also acquired Midwinter Entertainment and opened up a Toronto office so I
I don't know.
The whole thing just leaves me sour.
And then there's people who are like, well, I'm not going to buy anything else from them again.
And my whole thing is, I don't want to lose anyone else there.
You know?
and they're bringing I mean it seems to me that I'd have to I mean I don't have access to stockholder reports clearly but I would love to see how much money that they're making on Dead by Daylight or how many people have actually left the game over you know the some of the toxic environment in game although that has ways of reporting that has gotten better and I've seen it acted on from my own reports because I report I report people I'll just say it right now if people are shits I'll report them you know
I don't know, it just leaves me feeling really sour about it.
Especially since they also have the Frank Stone game coming out.
Yeah, Behavior does a lot more than just Dead by Daylight, right?
Because they also had the, what was it called, Meet Your Maker or whatever it was called?
There's Meet Your Maker, there's Islands of Insight, which I've been playing some because I got the game.
There is Project T.
I think that's what it's called.
They put it open.
The beta call was put out there for everybody.
And they're working with... Why can't I remember the name of the studio?
For doing the casting of Frank Stone.
Oh, the ones that made Until Dawn, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyway.
So it's just... I don't know.
I don't have a word for how it feels.
Look, here's the thing to me is this seems very poorly timed.
And again, this might just be my own personal perception of everything.
It's crappy news, but I'm just saying it's extremely poorly timed with the release of the Vecna chapter.
And again, from my perspective, I feel like half of the people that I watch...
Thank you, yeah.
Half of the people I watch that usually play Dead by Daylight are playing something else this week.
And sorry, Jamie, I know you have an aversion to the subject matter of this game, but it has to be said that I see a lot of people that are usually playing Dead by Daylight now playing Killer Clowns from Outer Space, which is from the makers of the Friday the 13th game, who appear to, and I don't know if this is a game, but they appear to have...
I refuse There's people who don't know it's a movie
Oh, wow.
It's funny because I hosted a screening of that movie some time ago.
But I feel like what people like about that game is that it is very Friday the 13th.
For people that enjoyed that game, there's a lot of that they kind of see in this particular game.
So that's kind of interesting to me.
But again, the timing, not great for behavior.
Because it's like, meanwhile, while you're laying off your relations team for the streaming community...
another relations team is very much engaging the streamer community to get them to play their game instead so it's almost like you're saying here take our customers that exactly and we rely I mean the bet the thing that I super loved about behavior were their social content managers it was one of the few things that was uh that had me going back and checking the twat site mm-hmm
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, we're going to move on and go to the listener roundtable and interact with you all who reach out to us each week.
Some of you like to email us.
We love to get emails.
Participate at OrangeLondrainer.com is the email address.
And I believe we got one email.
We'd like to get to it.
Just one.
Hello, LR.
On the last episode, you covered Sony's recent state of play and mentioned that Astro Bot was finally getting a starring role in a full-length single-player PlayStation game.
But the thing is, that already happened five years ago.
I think it said that y'all forgot about Astro Bot Rescue Mission.
I'm not going to say I forgot about it because I don't think I ever played it.
I was going to say I swore this came up but I'm not going to go back and listen just to see what did I say.
But yes, I'm well aware of the Astro Bot game that PS5 launched with and I think they had a VR game as well.
Let me keep reading because there's more.
Okay, the 2018 exclusive that not only served as one of the very best PlayStation VR games, but also remains one of the best VR games ever made on any platform, sporting a 90 average on Metacritic.
It was 100% designed around the technology.
Some segments require that you look through the level literally, physically looking through the level.
HomeWalls can be broken by bashing them with your head.
Despite this, the way the game has you remotely controlling Astro means that the camera works very thoughtfully, resulting in a far smaller chance of motion sickness than in other games.
It was a pure joy to play, and if you have a PlayStation VR One headset, trust me when I say...
you need to play it it was basically VR Super Mario 64 moment if you really have the stomach for VR I would go so far as to say it's worth considering buying the headset just to play it it's really really really good um I
It's a no for me.
For obvious reasons.
I have played it.
It was fine.
I don't know if I would say it's the system seller.
I think, again, Tetris Effect I think is probably the best VR game.
But yeah, it was good.
It was, yeah.
But I actually feel, and I think
I think I kind of agree with what Bobby's saying in chat.
I have it.
It was fun and really well made, but I don't remember it having the PlayStation fan service that pushed Astro Bot even better, in my humble opinion.
Yeah, I mean, you kind of say that it felt like Super Mario 64 in VR.
Well, the PlayStation 5 Astro Bot pack-in game, whatever you want to call it, felt like it was Super Mario 64.
But like...
PlayStation's version of it.
I thought it was really adorable.
So I'm curious to see what's going to happen when they want to charge people $70 for it.
But I think it stands to do alright.
The announcement of the new Astro Bot game came for PS5 is bittersweet for folks like me who loved Astro Bot Rescue Mission.
That game is stuck on PlayStation VR 1.
No PSVR 2 port has been announced, and the new Astro Bot game sequel coming soon doesn't have any VR support at all, which basically confirms that there is zero chance of either a remaster or a sequel.
Imagine a Super Mario 64...
happened and then after that Nintendo said, nah, 3D Mario was a bad idea and just put out 2D games forever after that.
We would have never had Sunshine, Galaxy, 3D Land, 3D World, or Odyssey.
Wouldn't that have been a shame?
That's what this feels like and it sucks.
Anyway...
Anyway, I want to end this on a positive note by saying that I'll be showing the almost finished version of Super Duper Multitasking later this month at Too Many Games convention in Oaks, PA from June 28th through June 30th.
I'll have a dance pad with me so you can try workout mode.
Not kidding, even a little bit.
Check near the back corner of the Indie Showcase and look for the big nose glasses wearing bald spotted doofus.
That would be me.
Hope to see some of you there.
Have a great week.
ErinYYR
I'm so excited for updates to Super Multitasking, and I hope you have a great show and get the game in front of more people.
I gotta say, that Mario comparison's a stretch, though.
I'm sorry, because I, like, honestly, when you say that, I'm like, if that means they make more 2D Mario games as a result, I'm actually okay with that.
And yes, I did like Galaxy a lot, and I liked Odyssey.
I don't hold Mario 64 in the same holy text a lot of people do.
In fact, I think maybe being a gamer of a certain age where I played the shit out of Mario World, Mario Brothers 3, I was actually kind of annoyed with the 3D transition of Mario.
I'm older than you, and Mario 64 had a big shining spot in my heart.
Well...
Dan and I played that game together and that was the fun thing is that we could take turns on different levels and it would be if it's the same area it would be a different experience I mean that game was really among the pinnacles I think of the Mario series for me and there's a lot of people that feel that way and there's other people that don't and that's gaming opinions
so I mean but just but it's the same thing with this game then you know I mean I I have a hard time voicing a negative opinion about something someone loves just because I don't want to you know rub their feathers the wrong way um
And I'm glad that when I say YYR that I am very glad that you loved it that much.
I really am.
I'm glad that it gave you that level of entertainment.
Maybe it didn't for everybody else, but I am glad that you have that fondness for it and can still remember it fondly.
Yeah.
I'm not saying I disliked Astro by any means.
It was fine.
I just, I don't hold it in quite the high regard, which is fine, that Aaron does.
And, uh, yeah.
I just don't.
But it wasn't a bad game at all.
In fact, the PS5 game, I thought was great.
And it's a very logical thing.
And kind of what I said on last week's show is that, yeah, Sony kind of needs... Now, the comparison to Mario I will make is that Mario is a very family-friendly sort of icon, mascot for Nintendo.
And as I was kind of saying on the show last week, especially since Sony is canned media molecule, I don't see LittleBigPlanet and Sackboy being able to kind of carry that.
So Astro Bot, I guess, is going to carry that.
and I think that's fine.
do we have any last minute stories, Loki?
um
Sort of.
I was looking at different games that were part of that PC gaming showcase.
Some of that looked really awesome.
Like I mentioned that one, Unbeatable.
I posted the trailer in Discord.
Streets of Rogue is another good one.
It looks similar to... Oh gosh.
Like the early Grand Theft Auto games, but...
Fumes Vigilante 8 Twisted Metal
but the art style here is basically low poly low resolution textures and stuff but it's open world and it's like a car combat game with like guns and stuff so that's something that looks pretty awesome another one Airframe Ultra which looks like a cross between Jet Moto and like an arena shooter game so almost like Jet Moto and Twisted Metal which is pretty cool um
And then yeah, I did want to mention that Phil Spencer also made comments regarding the layoffs at Microsoft.
His comments aren't so great, but understandable.
So speaking to IGN's Ryan McCaffrey, he basically said, the closure of any team is obviously hard on the individuals.
They're hard on the teams.
I haven't been talking publicly about this because right now is the time for us to focus on the team and the individuals.
It's obviously a decision that's very hard on them, and I want to make sure that
Through Severance and other things that we're doing, I think for the individuals on the team, it's not about my PR, it's not about Xbox PR, it's about those teams.
In the end, I've said it over and over, I have to run a sustainable business inside the company and grow.
That means sometimes I have to make hard decisions that frankly aren't the decisions I love, but the decisions that somebody needs to make.
We will continue to go forward.
We will continue to invest in what we're trying to do with Xbox and build the best business we can, which ensures we can continue to do shows like the one we just did.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and uh at the start of that answer I was kind of going okay Phil Spencer's basically dancing the same thing he didn't want to do this but he had to but then he kind of takes a little more ownership for it towards the end so I I wonder if he was in the room with the board when this type of thing was made but um I again you know there's a lot of people here to look at that and go well then what what sacrifice are you gonna make Phil Spencer what sacrifice are you making
Chirp, chirp, tweet, tweet.
Yeah, exactly.
Anything else?
That's all I had.
That's all you got.
Well, what a note to end on.
But with that, I think we are going to wrap it up and call it a show for the night.
We've had a lot, a lot of games that we're talking about here and a lot more to come.
I guess some more stuff this week, right?
We know Ubisoft's got a thing.
Somebody else has a thing tomorrow, right?
It's Ubisoft.
Forward is tomorrow.
Mm-hmm.
yay uh no actually I mean no yay that's kind of where I'm at like Assassin's Creed I'm over it they're just not the company for me anymore I don't know I used to be really into you know Far Cry that's before all the Far Cries have literally been like the same yeah I gotcha
Alright, well, we will be back in seven days to talk about all of the news that comes up with all the other announcements this week with the, who knows, Nintendo might surprise us, but at the same time, don't hold your breath.
But, you know, we can always dream.
Anyway, before we wrap up, I want to thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio and supporting us because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
but we need more voices to put out on air so tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube, Spotify.
It all goes a very long way.
Thank you so much.
Let's get final thoughts.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
I don't know how long I'm going to play.
I'm not feeling super great but I don't know.
I'll play.
We'll see.
At least the Vecna stuff's fun.
I did get the hand of Vecna like right away for me it was just all sorts of nostalgic goodness but I'll be honest there is that part of me that's got a little bit of burnout and I'm really hoping that I can get Baldur's Gate 3 working again so I can make it my Friday game but in the end though I just want to tell everybody go play some pinball for fuck's sake seriously sounds good alright well we'll see you again in a little bit DarkSakura
Loki, we'll go to you then.
Your final thought tonight.
Now that I've finished the entrance to my theme park, do I have to work on the theme park, I guess?
Well, it's going to be exciting this week, although we're probably not going to get to do it this week, but the new 121 update for Minecraft comes out on Thursday.
So, unfortunately, we have to wait until all the mods update to be able to update the server, but that is a thing that's going to be happening soon.
Yay, we get armadillos!
Can your theme park have that, uh, something like that video I love of the roller coaster that's not quite finished, so it plays all the sad Adele music while the people are flying off the track?
Because I would, I would really... I could do that, but the people to be flying off the track would be me, or whoever's writing it, and so that, that's not exactly fun, um, just to have to clean, have all that stuff cleaned up, but, um... Don't have to clean up a body.
It doesn't hurt you is the problem.
It's like you just land and you're like, oh, okay, well, you know.
Well, they're digital people, Loki.
They're not real.
None of them.
I mean, yeah, I don't care about those fake people, but yeah, we're going to do stuff.
Someone was asking, is there going to be Tingle Land?
Yeah.
No, it's Yeti Park.
So to give context, I'll be really quick with this.
Yeti is a radio station that was in the first season of Channel 64.
Second season, it became a TV studio, a TV station.
So now it's like kind of evolving into like a
a multimedia company like Disneyland you know sort of but we're not obviously I'm not modeling the park after Disneyland it's more of like like this first episode was based off of California's Great America and this thing called Europa Park in Germany it's a rust Germany I believe so I'm trying to like pull inspiration from a bunch of theme parks all around the world
All right.
My final thought.
More streams this week on my personal channel.
So if you're not following me yet at Rob Roberts, please consider it here on Twitch.
We'll probably do some Diablo 4 this week, you know, because there's a big event going on right now for extra XP and then probably more Final Fantasy 14 because I'm down to two classes to get to level 90 before the expansion comes out.
And that's Warrior.
I've got to get all 10 levels and then I have to get about three more levels on Dragoon because I finished off Monk.
So we'll get the rest to 90.
because Dawn Trail is out in less than three weeks.
The clock is ticking.
That also reminds me, we're going to be streaming on Saturday too.
Oh, nice.
We have another stream day.
Sweet.
All right.
Well, with that, we are going to wrap it up and we'll see you in seven days.
So start the clock and we'll see you in seven days.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
