Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live with you all once again with episode number 1009 for tonight, June the 23rd of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week as joined by my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello, hello, and happy birthday.
Thanks!
I'm 22.
We've been radioing.
We've been doing this shit, trademark patent bending, for 22 years.
Yes, we've been powered by vibes for 22 years.
All right.
Yeah, because that's, I don't know, is that what they're calling it these days?
Vibes?
Vibes, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I thought they were just poppers in spite.
Yeah.
Oh wait, that's for the club, never mind.
I believe that's what Justin Timberlake had in his system.
But anyway, let me say hello to the one and only, of course, it wouldn't be a birthday without Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey Loki, how are you doing?
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and Loki oftentimes has games because he doesn't want to show the world his kitchen and I understand that I respect that so he has games that play behind him so what what game is this tonight because I'm not familiar with this although it looks very like this earthbound in 2024 it's it's like a Zelda like it's called hashtag blood b-l-u-d okay it's basically a uh
Like a Zelda-like game where you are a girl that's a transfer to a new town and she ends up involved in vampire hunting.
Cool.
Yeah, but it looks like a Saturday morning cartoon.
Okay.
Oh, that happened when I moved to California.
You turned into a vampire?
No, I turned into a vampire hunter.
Oh, sorry.
What is a man?
A miserable little pile of secrets.
Crash.
But enough talk.
How about you?
that's that's what you mean when you say Vampire Hunter is just you you learned how to play many different versions of Symphony of the Night as well as um what the hell is that I can't even remember the original name of Castlevania 5 at this point oh my god embarrassed Castlevania 5 what you mean Rondo of Blood yes Rondo of Blood that was just Dracula X it was kind of its own thing yeah well wasn't that the one they ported the Super Nintendo was Castlevania 5 and it was like
No, they brought that over as Castlevania Bloodlines, I think.
What was the one that was Super Castlevania 5 or whatever?
It was Super Castlevania 4.
No, I know there was that.
There was a Castlevania 5, but it was funky.
And I think it was just a bad port of Rondo of Blood, if I remember right.
Hold on.
Yeah, that was Dracula X. But it was just, I mean, I had never seen it on the package.
I just always thought it was, no, Castlevania Bloodlines was the one that was on Genesis.
But this was just Dracula X.
Yeah, and it just, it was weird because it felt like Konami, it just felt weird.
They just slapped the name on it even though it was the same quality.
The port wasn't any way on the Super Nintendo.
I think the port was good for what it was.
If no one had known about the TurboGrafx version, it would have been just fine.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, true, true, true.
DarkSakura says it's on the Castlevania Advance Collection randomly.
Yeah, no, I mean, it's still there, so there is that.
Anyway, I do want to thank our chatters because I do see that a hype train is going as we are taping live here.
It looks to be a little bit of a birthday hype train, so just want to
Every day.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I guess that's true.
I mean, who doesn't celebrate myself every day?
How many times can Ubisoft put out Beyond Good and Evil Remastered?
I mean, the limit does not exist, right?
So I guess we can celebrate one more time this year if we want to.
But yeah, no, I just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
um you know with all that and um we actually will get the occasional comment now on our YouTube channel which is nice so um I want to give a shout out to uh the comment from underworld7949 on our last episode who said I love your show you guys and gal make me laugh and very informative lol with three exclamation points so you know they mean it so thank you for that three entire exclamation points that's right I am honored yes so thank you for that not a single interrobang I mean because that's what I think every time I'm live
Oh, gosh.
I so want to ask you.
Why do you hang out with me, really?
Because there are jokes that I can make.
I mean, there's a lot of reasons, but there are jokes I can make that only you understand.
You speak a certain level of nerd.
Yeah, well, after a while, I think that friends like, especially, well, not even I would say just friends in general, but like people, when they are around each other a lot, you know, I think that people develop like an entire communication system between them.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that is so obvious watching the Trixie and Katya stuff online, you know, two drag queens, which is funny because my understanding is they don't really hang out outside of that.
But that is a conscious artistic choice to keep those podcasts and those things that they do like pure, like that really is the way they catch up and get to talk to each other is by doing those shows.
And so, yeah, you see a lot of that.
But they definitely seem to speak a language that is like mental telepathy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Nintendo did a direct this week and there's a lot to say about it so I'll have Loki get us into that in just a moment but DarkSakura I'm curious um you know you know we love to talk about a little dead by daylight on this show and I'm kind of curious and I'm going to warn the listeners I am going to go into potential spoiler but it's based on rumors territory have you heard the rumors I'm sure you have that are really gaining steam about Tuesday's survivor announcement
And who is?
It's going to be Lara Croft.
It's going to be Lara Croft.
Yeah.
I haven't been paying attention to it, but it's been everywhere all over my feed.
So I'm just like, maybe?
I think that's it.
Well, and it fits with all the stuff because they said in a previous, one of their, you know, direct to fans transmissions that this next survivor embodies what it is to be a survivor.
And when you put that in the context of like Lara Croft in the last trilogy, it's like, oh yeah, that quote makes perfect sense for that character.
Hasn't she had enough bad days?
She really has.
She's going to be stuck in the realm dying every day.
But here's the thing.
Here's the thing about Lara Croft in Dead by Daylight.
I'm sure she'll look fantastic and she'll play fantastic.
If they do a legendary $10 skin, they better have triangle tits, Lara Croft.
I will switch my mane to triangle tits, Lara Croft.
And if you don't know what I'm talking about, go look at a PlayStation 1 port of Tomb Raider.
Who has been this ultimate survivor thing?
I haven't seen any pre-release stuff.
I think they said it in the anniversary broadcast when they were teasing their roadmap.
They said something about that.
So are we going to have a showdown between Pyramid Head and Pyramid Boob?
One can only hope.
I don't think they specifically mentioned anything about Tomb Raider.
No, no, they didn't say two, but they just said a new survivor.
They said something about the new survivor embodies what, yeah, it could, but when you look at Lara Croft, you go, oh, but the rumor is not just about that quote.
It's just one of those, when you look back at some of those really stretch hints they've dropped, they do fit.
I mean, it could be Reba McEntire.
Don't get my hopes up like that, y'all.
You know, a single mom who loves her kids, works two jobs, and all that.
She's a survivor.
And as she's on the hook, she's screaming, here's your one chance, fancy, don't let me down.
Or no, you should get me down.
Exactly, exactly.
Anyway, I hope it is Lara Croft and just because I want the triangle tits skin and nothing would really make me happier.
Although I don't think, I think we would get more like this is her original look and this is her like professor look.
She has different costumes in the games.
I'm sure they'd give her some of those, but I don't think we would actually get triangle tits.
You know what I would like is for them to give the other survivors voice lines now since all the new ones have them.
Mm-hmm.
But I want Dwight to sound like Dwight from the Salmonation one.
Oh, I'm going to go stay in my locker.
D'Artisio points out, I mean, if they got Nicolas Cage, anything is possible.
Speaking of Dead by Daylight actors and actresses, although she's... Jennifer Tilly?
Hello!
Oh, yes.
Oh, God, I love her.
Even though she's not in the game, I did think of you, DarkSakura, because I was at a horror convention locally this weekend because they were gracious enough to have me hosting the cosplay contest, which was great.
But Shawnee Smith, who played Amanda, a.k.a.
the pig in the Saw movies, was actually there.
So I saw her from a distance, but her table was packed, obviously, so I didn't wait around to say hi to her.
But, yeah, I thought of you because I know you love Amanda, so...
Yeah, and the funny, I'd like, I haven't seen the movies.
I mean, I've watched like enough put together scenes that I could avoid all the parts I don't want to watch.
Exactly.
I don't, I actually don't care for the movies at all.
But I understand why people are into them.
It's crazy.
The character.
But I like the actress too Yeah, that's the thing I can say I don't like the movies Because they're literally not for me It's like a cake that's a flavor I don't like I can still say this is a good cake for somebody It probably tastes real good But this is not a cake for me
Well, I'm sure that the creator is sitting back going, well, I didn't make it for you.
Isn't that a Frank-in-Furter line in Rocky Horror Fiction?
That is a Frank-in-Furter.
I was like, oh, I don't like guys with too many muscles.
I didn't make him for you.
I didn't make him for you.
She gets him anyway.
Oop, plot giveaway.
Although, you will be proud of me because I did bust out on stream in response to a friend, one of my favorite Frank-in-Furter lines.
Hmm.
it's so hard having a good time even smiling makes my face ache
Um, oh my God.
Uh, I was going to say though, one thing about the Saw movies and cakes, um, the acting is really good.
I can still say those movies are not for me, but I recognize that like Tobin Bell especially is very, very good in those movies.
And Shawnee Smith is very good as well.
So like they're very well acted in the main roles anyway.
A lot of the, you know, other roles are a little silly, but, um, the, the main roles are acted very, very well.
So I'll give it that.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into the news I think y'all really want to hear about, which is, you know, and we knew this would happen at some point, that Nintendo would just come out and say, you know what, we feel like doing a direct tomorrow at the crack of dawn, so get up and be ready.
And what did they do on Monday?
They said Tuesday, get up, 7 a.m., we've got some games to announce.
Get up, get your coffee.
It's like, listen up, bitches, a 10 is speaking.
Literally, a Nintendo is speaking.
Listen up, bitches, a Ninten is speaking.
All right, so Loki, what did our Ninten have to say?
Well, there was lots of game announcements, a lot of third-party stuff shown, but pretty much a lot of the core Nintendo franchises have announcements.
Loki, if they showed third-party announcements, did they happen to show Just Dance 2025?
If only anyone could have predicted that.
If only.
Like, it was so unexpected.
Like, oh my god.
I know.
Who knew?
It's like literally betting that, like, it's like reverse roulette.
You're betting on the wheel.
Any number except double zero will come up.
It's pretty good odds.
Anyway.
Yeah.
So we had starting things off Mario & Luigi Brothership, which is a brand new entry into the Mario & Luigi franchise, and it looks pretty cool.
I like the art style that they have there.
It's nice that the series is continuing, because if I'm not mistaken, the studio that used to make it... In like nine years or something like that?
Well, the studio's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We got another trailer for Nintendo World Championship NES Edition.
Which I'm really hyped about.
As somebody really into retro, I think this looks fucking rad.
I think it'll be a fun game to stream.
I really do.
Dan was saying he'd be interested in it too.
Let's do it.
I think that would be a fun game to stream.
I want to say hello in our chat to Rin Mari, who says, to be honest, I don't go into Nintendo Directs with any expectation at this point.
Rin-chan!
If I see stuff I like, great.
If not, life goes on.
Then again, I'm a weirdo who likes obscure shit.
No, you have to go into Nintendo Directs with that attitude or you will be disappointed every single time.
That is the right attitude to go into Directs with.
This is always the person I think of whenever anyone says Toho.
This is why Nintendo had to say, go out of their way to say, we will not be saying anything about Switch 2 in this.
Because that was part of the announcement as well.
I bet you bitches were still disappointed.
It's just the way Nintendo fans can be sometimes.
But yeah, no, that's the right attitude to approach Nintendo Direct.
Just...
Be ready to absorb the information.
Set your expectations reasonable.
I don't even like to participate in the prediction game because people always just put these things out there that are just not realistic always.
They might get one right.
Again, roulette wheel analogy.
They might land on the right spot occasionally, but it's very, very rare.
Anyway.
Yeah, and so with that, they did show like a few new game modes.
So there's a survival mode where you're kind of competing different challenges with people.
It's almost like kind of the Tetris 100 or Mario 100 games that they had.
or 99, sorry, Tetris 99.
And also, I believe, I don't think they announced a release date before then, but it's coming out July 18th, so right around the corner for that.
Great.
Let's see, Fairy Tail 2, so another anime RPG that's going to be coming out this winter.
Then we had Fantasian Nero Dimension.
Fantasian.
Yay.
So that's coming out on the Switch this holiday.
And it's also multi-platform.
That means PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, Steam.
So this game is like very clearly had a two-year exclusive agreement with Apple Arcade and a whole lot more people are going to get to play it now.
And I think it's, yeah, I'm really excited for Fantasian.
I've seen this game for over a year.
I would, yeah, you, and to be fair, I don't think a lot of people really discovered it on Apple Arcade.
So I think it's great that, you know, it's going to get that wider audience.
Again, the same thing would be- It's fucking delightful.
Yeah, and the same thing would be true about a game like Final Fantasy XVI.
When that goes, I don't know why my follow alert cheer just went off.
I apologize.
Somebody must have just followed my personal channel.
So sorry about that.
But that's what that noise was.
I thought I killed all those-
you guys didn't hear it but it makes a Windows 95 startup noise so anyway no please don't apologize for following my channel it's just I don't know why that's coming through on the VOG ones but I'll figure it out anyway with cutting edge development and technology we are now finally able to have basketball in Nintendo Switch Sports so that's going to be another free update that's coming later this summer
Um...
We have another game, Mio, or Memories in Orbit.
That's going to be coming out in 2025.
I like the art style with that.
We got another update video for Disney's Illusion Island.
They're going to be getting a brand new update called Mystery in Monoth.
And that is coming...
actually that came out already that was a day and date type of thing it's out now hello kitty island adventure game of the show 2025 I've had that game for a while on Apple Arcade it's cute another one going multi-platform at this point game of the show
Looney Tunes, Wacky World of Sports Not Game of the Show Among Us, getting a new update on the Switch with three new roles So that's kind of cool And that was also one of those day and date things Farmagia
It's a farming monster gathering sim that's going to be coming out November 1st on the Switch.
Did you say Farmagia?
Yeah, Farmagia.
My brain immediately thought you were going to say it's a game about cheese.
I can see where you would think that, yes I literally thought the Pope was here throwing around slurs again I thought that's what Loki said It's like they're trying to combine farm and magic and add an I and it's like farm magic I would seriously play a game about cheese though, I'm just letting you know
Hey, that's the special event in Pikmin Bloom right now is Cheese Pikmin.
I actually finished my set of Cheese Pikmin after like 15 days.
I never finish a set that early in the month.
Are they supposed to be flowers?
So they're cheese now?
No, in the mobile game, they get all sorts of things from real-life locations and stuff.
So they'll get Chinese food bowls from Chinese restaurants.
But then every month, they rotate in themes.
So last month we had playing cards.
The month before I think we had Easter eggs because it was April.
So June we have cheese.
And what's really cute, y'all ready for this?
Y'all ready for this?
What's really cute is that like, so the blue Pikmin gets blue cheese.
The white Pikmin I think gets white cheddar.
So they actually get like cheese that kind of matches their color or personality.
I don't know why it's funny, but it is.
Trust me.
And all together they stink.
That's right.
This is cool.
We have another remaster that's coming to the Nintendo Switch.
So Donkey Kong Country Returns HD.
It's coming out with they have 80 playable levels and two player co-op, including, I believe, the ones from the 3DS as well.
So they're adding that in there.
That's coming out January 16th.
um we got confirmation of Dragon Quest 3 uh HD 2D remake so done in that kind of Octopath Traveler style which looks awesome and that's coming November 14th and then along with that Dragon Quest 1 and 2 are also getting similar remasters but those are coming out next year
I can't wait for those.
That looked really good, the Dragon Quest.
I love this trend, and I've said this before, of the remakes in the Octopath Traveler engine because they've been getting a lot of mileage out of that engine.
I don't know what they call it internally, but it's very obvious.
We had Triangle Strategy, we had Octopath 2, we had Live Alive, and all these games have been remade in that engine.
So Dragon Quest coming out is great news.
Let's just get the Final Fantasy games remade in that.
How about fucking Chrono Trigger?
Or that.
Yeah, I'll take that too.
Yes.
We got another trailer for Funko Fusion, a game I keep forgetting that's out.
Yeah.
It's like Lego Dimensions looking, I guess.
I guess it's neat they got all the licenses.
I'll say that.
It licenses the game.
I said a nice thing.
Yeah, so...
another remake, Luigi's Mansion 2 HD that's gonna be coming out here I think this year New Dempa Man is getting a Switch version on July 22nd it's a free title Metal Slug Attack Reloaded that is like a tower defense Metal Slug game I
I know Jamie's going to take issue with what I'm about to say, but please forgive me.
I can't believe Metal Slug is still a thing.
Why should it not still be a thing?
It's great.
I'm a little shocked that it's still a thing.
We can't fucking get Mother 3 to save our lives, but here comes a new Metal Slug game.
Running guns are great.
The thing about Metal Slug is it's easy to just pick it up and play it until you're done getting killed.
Again, it's like the Saw movies.
I'm not saying it's bad.
I'm just saying I'm just a little surprised it's still going.
And it requires a little emotional investment.
But they haven't really done run-and-gun versions of the game recently.
They've had a tactics game, and then they have this now that is a tower defense game, which is cool that they're doing spinoffs, but... Ah, very good insight from QuestBuster in chat, who says, This Metal Slug used to be a gacha game.
It's being re-released without the gacha.
Oh, you love to see it.
The de-gacha-ing of games that get released.
You love to see that.
I wish that mobile game would get a Switch release.
That would have been like, what was the one?
Oh, it had a cult following.
People loved it.
And Nintendo pulled the plug on it not that long ago.
It was an original IP.
Damn it.
Why can't I remember?
Somebody in chat has to know what I'm talking about.
It was like a Dragalia Lost.
Thank you.
That was it.
Dragalia Lost.
I'm kind of shocked there hasn't been a like port of that de-gotcha'd for Switch.
Just saying.
Darkest Dungeon 2
So you're getting some Game Boy Advance titles, Legend of Zelda, A Link to the Past, Metroid Zero Mission.
Yay!
Great release, finally.
That's a great one.
Turok, Dinosaur Hunter, and Perfect Dark.
I hear there's some issues with the emulation in those games, but hopefully Nintendo fixes it fast.
we had Phantom Brave Lost Hero do you know how horny people are for a new Phantom Brave game?
do you know how horny people are for that?
I knew it was popular I didn't know how underground popular it really is but people are very excited about that game let me tell you we had a
Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection
This is the first sign that maybe, just between this and Street Fighter VI, maybe, just maybe, Capcom vs. SNK, Capcom vs. SNK 2, and then SNK vs. Capcom can all be in a collection someday.
Maybe.
Please.
Super Mario Party.
Please, Nintendo.
Jamboree.
So, more minigames.
That's coming out October 17th.
And then...
You can do what I do.
Don't play them.
I won't, actually.
And I also understand to an extent that Nintendo is probably quote-unquote buying time because the Nintendo Switch 2 was probably supposed to be on their original plan, the big holiday thing that they were going to be talking about right now.
So I really view this Mario Party thing as a time filler.
And that's, I guess, its place right now.
But that's what it is.
Loki, you're muted at one point.
The traditional Zelda games.
And then now we're kind of moving into that whole new Zelda type territory.
Why did they have a problem putting a sword in that woman's hand?
I kind of agree with that, actually.
My biggest concern is that I just don't love the system of making a table.
But I'm also trying to give it the benefit of the doubt.
I want to play it to sort of see because I think what they're trying to do...
is that Nintendo's had a lot of success with the recent 3D, you know, Breath of the Wild, et cetera, with that open world concept.
And I think this is them trying to do the open world in a, I'm going to use my quotey fingers, 2D Zelda game, because at its core, it's a 2D Zelda game.
And so I'm kind of giving the benefit of the doubt that maybe it doesn't seem as weird as it did in that trailer, that maybe the combat will be a little better than throwing tables at people and having, you know, familiars that you summon that do the work for you.
Link's Awakening
I mean, it looks like an interesting game.
It looks like a fun game.
I would play it, but it's not what I wanted for a game featuring Zelda.
I'm sorry.
I'm laughing at what Miramuse said in chat.
Duplicate a new boyfriend and peace out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Link's Awakening
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
for better or for worse.
So I think this was probably the smartest thing Nintendo could do in the type of situation they're in.
I still wish they'd just give the woman a sword too, yes, but I'm curious.
I'm very, very curious how it's going to play out.
Yeah.
And at least it's not a 3DO Zelda game, because Zelda has been the star of a Zelda game before, but we're not going to talk about the 3DO anymore.
and then of course Just Dance 2025 who cares it better still have Rasputin in it well it's all selling their track pack's selling the online mode now I think I maybe recognized one song in that trailer that they had but I did laugh when it came up I did laugh and I said you know just again I know it was probably the world's safest prediction to make but I did laugh I was like of course of course it's in Nintendo Direct yeah
We got another trailer for LEGO Horizon Adventure showing off the Switch version.
So that's coming this holiday as well.
We had the announcement that Stray is being ported to the Nintendo Switch.
That's cool.
So that's going to be pretty cool.
And sorry, Dartistry is correcting me and saying it was a CDI game.
I mean, at this point, 3DO, CDI all live in that realm of shit that was too expensive when I was a kid and didn't really have any good games on them anyway.
So, but thank you.
Yes, I should get that correct.
So thank you.
They have a brand new Hobbit game called Tales of the Shire.
It is... Animal Crossing for Hobbits?
Probably, yeah.
It looks like that.
Since I'm hating on franchises, why don't I just say I don't care about The Hobbit as a franchise.
I do not care about The Hobbit.
I know I'm special.
Ooh, she's different.
But I have to say it, like every time a trailer... I'm like, who's buying these games?
Because it's not me and it's not anybody I know.
Rob?
Are you buying these games?
Hell no.
I was about to say, I don't care about the Hobbit titles either.
I only really have cared about the books, and the books, honestly enough, if it was Tolkien describing the scenery, he'd spend three fucking pages on it, and then one page of fighting, and that's it.
yeah and to even even the Lord of the Rings fanboys would be upset when it comes to the video games because does anybody remember the Gollum game we were just talking about about a year ago anyone remember how that turned out so anyway sorry I just yeah that was that was very much a get a snack and water break when they were showing that game Gollum just as a name makes me think of like a bad excuse uh for like six I'm sorry I can't go out tonight I've got the Gollum
I don't know why I'm doing that with a British accent either.
I don't know why either, but it adds so much to it.
I'll tell you what, I have been playing Dead by Daylight with Shayla and her Scottish boyfriend, Ryan, who is amazing.
I'm just so sorry.
I have to send my regrets because I've come down with a case of the golem.
It's such a tragedy, really.
I've got the golem and they're out of golemite, so... Alas.
Alas.
I shall retire with my new pet, Gustarian Honk I may have been watching some Baldur's Gate stuff Okay, stop making this game sound cool Next Oh, we can make it cool with voices Next we have Ace Attorney Investigations Collection Much cooler That one's got stuff that never came out in the US Mm-hmm
Yeah, and then what's cool about it though is they've also remastered it and they still have the original graphics as well in case you don't want the remastered graphics.
So that's pretty cool.
The 100 line Last Defense Academy.
I don't know.
I think this must have been something I skipped past in the trailers when I was watching.
What else?
Romancing Saga 2 Revenge of the Seven.
So that's going to be coming out as well very soon.
And then last but not least, we finally got a look at Metroid Prime 4, now titled Metroid Prime 4 Beyond.
This is totally a Switch 2 game.
A look?
That was a 25-cent peekaboo that we got at that game.
It was like, now with more motion sickness.
Ta-da!
That was... That looks like a Switch 2 game, being that it's coming out sometime in 2025.
There's a reason they didn't show much.
they've got much more to show like and again I'm trying very careful not to get the hype train going too much but look we all know a Switch 2 is coming in 2025 like the world's worst kept secret and then you know that means that Metroid Prime 4 would make a really good candidate for a you know multi-platform release title so I really feel like they were holding back with that trailer but it is nice to see
It's real.
After all this time, right?
Like, yes, this is actually happening.
Yes, gird your loins.
A Metroid Prime 4 is actually happening.
We even gave it a subtitle.
We're that serious.
There you go.
That's the Nintendo Direct.
So what did you think overall of the Nintendo Direct?
It was a direct.
It did things.
I don't know.
There were things shown.
Mm-hmm.
So I have some emotions.
Mm-hmm.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but I was kind of like okay yeah like they're doing what they need to do to get through this holiday like a new Zelda game and Mario Party whatever even if I don't care you know somebody does and some of these other you know in the third party so that like they're showing the things they need to show to make people still care about Switch and still sell these Switches through this holiday I think they did what they needed to do so I think it was good on that reason like is it the best direct they've ever done I don't think so but it's it was a very good gap year direct
So, yeah, DarkTC in chat says, there was a lot I was happy with and stuff I did not expect.
Again, congrats to the free MVC2 folks for getting what they wanted.
Yeah, I feel like a lot of, like, you know, between the MVC2, a new Phantom Brave, the Ace Attorney localization, like, I feel like...
a lot of little like underground things finally got that release people have been waiting well I don't know if Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is really underground but you know what I mean like things that are that have not been at the forefront of gamer memories or sometimes are getting all these releases that are making people very happy except for you mother 3 you can choke apparently that's that was a Nintendo quote not me
Yeah, and Bobby Blackwell points out no F-Zero GX remaster.
That's because, Bobby, whenever you see F-Zero GX on a leaked sheet, my uncle works at Nintendo, leaked document, whenever you see F-Zero GX, you know it's not happening.
It's not happening.
So, Nintendo says you'll take an F-Zero track in Mario Kart and you'll like it.
Now shut up.
That's where we're at with that.
We gave you a new F-Zero game, remember?
F-Zero 99 or whatever the thing was.
There was F-Zero 9, you're right, we had that, and then we had that, we had a reference in Nintendo Land, or whatever, I don't even remember what the Wii U launch game was called.
Was it Nintendo Land?
Okay, it was Nintendo Land.
There was a whisper of F-Zero, there was a hint, there was a breath of F-Zero content in that game as well.
There you go, and now we're gonna make four more Pikmin games.
You know, Ranmari in chat with an excellent point too, to be quite honest, saying Nintendo hypothetically releases a new F-Zero that isn't a remaster and everyone complains it's not as good as GX.
Maybe that is what they're worried of.
And it's a legit concern.
F-Zero GX can be a very hard thing to top.
Maybe their hardware can't achieve the frame rate that's required for...
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was alright.
I played a little bit of Baldur's Gate 3.
I played, of course, mostly Dead by Daylight because of the anniversary event going on.
Just trying to work my way through the tome.
I didn't actually really play anything other than those two and that stupid RuPaul game that I need to stop playing but I've really been putting my focus on Dead by Daylight just to get through the anniversary stuff because you know me I have to have all the cosmetics all of them I saw they released an outfit for the pig and I thought although I think that's just one that's just give me your money
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, it is, but I'm not going to go into like hyper detail about it.
It's just that one of the hobbies that I am very deeply involved in that makes me very happy, the person that runs the facility is very passive aggressive, like super passive aggressive and likes to talk down at the adult class or basically anybody.
And I'm just going to throw this out there.
Telling a bunch of adults to put away their phones because it sets a good example for the children doesn't mean that we have to put away our phones.
And my response to that was, what phone?
Not one of us had our phones out.
And also, when you have a parent in the group, no, parent has to have their phone on them if they've got kids.
End of story.
I'm getting to the point where
No.
You know, I still enjoy... Okay, it's ballet.
I still enjoy dancing.
But I'm getting to the point where I don't want to do the big productions.
I agree, though, that it's really annoying when somebody comes out, especially in that tone.
And y'all know that tone.
It's that passive-aggressive tone.
They tell everybody, you need to follow this rule, and literally nobody is breaking the rule currently in the room.
Because they know.
Yeah.
That annoys me, too.
Like, a lot.
There's some other stuff.
Yeah.
it's very unprofessional and there's a bunch of other stuff going on that is sort of coming to a head with me anyway but there's a much better way in that situation you can say that like I understand sometimes you have to go but there's what you could say oh and thank you I see nobody has your phones nobody has their phones out thank you so much for respecting what we would either there's other ways you could do it this was to be petty passive aggressive yeah this was to be petty yeah it was obvious silly so
Anyway, let's move on.
That was a throwback to the FUs of the week, by the way, for those following with the at-home game.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was mostly just playing Minecraft.
So I was just getting ready for the one-chunk challenge judging today, which we did and shot.
And so, yeah, it was pretty much the whole week doing that.
Oh, and downloading games that I'll probably never get to, like the one behind me.
So the YouTube is not out for that, what you were doing today yet.
That's coming.
No, not yet.
I have to edit a lot of stuff.
Yep, I understand.
I gotcha.
Alright.
Let's see.
My gaming week.
Honestly, it's been a lot of the similar stuff that I've been playing recently.
Still going in Final Fantasy XIV.
You know, Dawn Trail's out on Friday.
So by the time we have our show next week, I will have a new Final Fantasy XIV expansion to consume.
Yay!
And I got another class to 90.
So every single class except for Warrior is now level 90.
But I don't know if I'll get Warrior to 90 in time because I really only have until... I think the game goes down on Wednesday.
So I really only have tomorrow and Tuesday and tonight, I guess, to try to get Warrior to 90 really fast, which I probably...
I might be able to do if I'm willing to just chain run dungeons over and over, but it's going to be a tall order.
So we'll see if I make it or not, but very happy that Dawn Trail's on its way out because there's going to be a lot more to do on Final Fantasy XIV.
Let's see...
I also have been playing, I even played a little bit of Dead by Daylight I'm not as up on that game as I used to be But I was like, okay, I should sign in and cash in all these blood point codes And get some of these cakes on some of my characters I'm talking about the anniversary cakes that give you additional blood points in a match I'm not talking about a fluffy butt or anything like that Even if I do play as Chris Redfield And Carlos, I kind of go back and forth between Chris and Carlos
Uh, let's see.
Basically the same character.
Yeah, well, they're all Leon, basically.
Except I don't play Leon, really.
Although, I would, I should buy that Leon skin that looks like the Roaring Twenties.
I don't know the Resident Evil franchise.
Oh, the noir.
Yeah.
The noir outfit.
It was one of his special outfits.
Okay.
In the game.
If I had that outfit, I'd probably play as Leon more often.
So, um...
I just go back and forth between all three of them but pretty much most of my points have been spent on them and then Cheryl because not only do I play as Cheryl I play as Lisa and I play as I don't know why but I play as James I don't know why I bought that skin but I did it's like one of those like why did I do that but um you know whatever um well you know I'm still a Meg Mane really I'm sorry to hear that no I'm just kidding
I've actually been trying to spread out my cakes because, you know, I collect all the anniversary and event stuff.
Yeah.
I like to have either two or four of them because of my mental problems.
But I've got some stuff on Vecna now and I'm about ready to adapt them.
I still have 70, like, year seven cakes on Chris.
So one of these days I just need to play with you and bring all my cakes and get some blood points.
Diablo 4 Diablo 5 Diablo 6 Diablo 7
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Bobby Blackwolf will be hosting some of the, which I believe Sunday's the first day, and Bobby Blackwolf's gonna have some of the first games that are run, including Mega Man 9, Ratchet & Clank, and Splatoon 3 are the games that are being speedrun, and then he's also gonna be hosting some games on Monday, which is, oh no, I guess those Sunday games go into Monday, depending on the time, but then the games he's doing on Tuesday are Like a Dragon Gaiden,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But in the name of charity, I'll allow it.
I know that these charity marathons are a lot of fun.
So yeah, go check out Bobby.
You know, again, the speed runners are the real stars of the show.
And even Bobby would be the first to admit that.
But Bobby will be there and you will hear his voice on stream, reading donations and all that good stuff.
I am also told...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
including a panel room a room where people practice their speed runs and play console games a room where they have arcade games set up there are lots of things happening at Summer Games Done Quick outside of what you just see on stream so Jason is there to help some of the rest of that all happen so that's pretty cool so I didn't I didn't realize VOG Network was so involved with this uh none of us here at OLR are maybe we should be I don't know but no it's it's it's neat that uh
It's neat.
But it's a big investment, too, because they've got to go out to Minneapolis, I think it's at, for several days.
Bobby's going to be there several days.
I don't know if he's there the entire week.
Actually, maybe he is.
I think he did say Sunday to Sunday.
So that's a long trip.
He's there the entire time.
Oh, my gosh.
Wow.
Eight nights in a hotel.
Well, somebody's going to hit their reward status.
from Summer Game Stunt Quick.
All right, let's move on and get into some gaming news and what else is going on in the industry this week.
Loki, we will start with you.
Yep, so we've got basically news that Sony's not going to be at Gamescom, which kind of makes sense if you think about it because...
You know, if there's not a whole lot to show this year, maybe they're, I don't know if they're working on another platform already, but Why doesn't Sony have as much to show?
Like, that's just weird to me.
No, and I get it.
Like, I'm not questioning.
Like, I too have seen, Sony's in a weird place, I feel like.
This is very weird.
I don't know, well maybe it's more of a thing that they just want their own event or something, maybe it's just not going to be at Gamescom but yeah, so they're not showcasing anything upcoming at Gamescom 2024, which is confirmed by Eurogamer also, Nintendo's not going to be at Gamescom either, so I don't know, Xbox is I mean, I guess you know, I mean Nintendo I still feel like has more
Coming down the pipeline after their recent direct than Sony does right now.
Maybe that's just perspective of the things I'm into.
I can admit that.
It could just be that, I mean, well, Nintendo doesn't necessarily have any reason to.
And Sony's like, well, I'm going to be cool at Nintendo.
Well, it's weird, though, because, like, Sony's, like, some of the stuff that they revealed were only, like, quarter three stuff.
So it was like, you know, you had...
Concord, which is August 23rd, Astrobot, which is September 6th, and the God of War Ragnarok PC port, which is September 17th.
So do you think they're sitting on holiday announcements they've yet to reveal?
Um, maybe?
I mean, they could.
Didn't Sony do an August thing one year?
And they put all their holiday stuff in the August announcement?
I could see, yeah, August or Tokyo Game Show maybe, which would be early September to announce.
That's kind of early for, or late for some of that stuff.
But, um...
I think the Switch showed you don't need as extensive of a hype train for these types of things.
You know, word travels fast, right?
I don't know.
They just don't really have anything big for holiday unless there's another Spider-Man game coming or something like that.
I don't know.
Hmm.
I don't know, it just feels weird.
Something feels off.
I don't know how else to put it that makes sense, but something just feels off.
Maybe it's just as simple as Sony will announce more in August, and then it will feel better, I guess, but just something feels really off with Sony.
Yeah, well...
I guess we'll just wait and see well unfortunately we know this studio has been off for some time and it's the Embracer Group and boy oh boy a series of bad business decisions has led to yet another studio being closed Embracer Group CEO had originally said last month that oh the restructuring efforts and all that have ended and guess what he lied
Again, because this last week, Embracer closed Pieces Interactive.
They did the remake to Alone in the Dark, which, you know, I'll admit...
I really could care less about an Alone in the Dark remake, and I'm not sure why this was the game that had to be remade.
But I also sort of fault Lars Wingfors, who is the Embracer Group CEO, who has the final say on what gets greenlit and what doesn't for this game ever being made in the first place.
And so even if the game did not perform to expectations or whatever, again, to what extent does that fall on the CEO and the board?
but unfortunately it is the studio that will now suffer.
Pisces Interactive confirming its closure on its own website.
The studio originally founded in 2007.
They made over 10 games.
They worked with THQ on an expansion for Titan Quest.
They did another Titan Quest expansion under Embracer and then they did the remake of Alone in the Dark which launched in March.
But apparently the game did not do well.
Embracer's report on the 2024 fiscal year said Alone in the Dark saw a positive reception from users but a mixed reception from critics and ultimately performed below management expectations.
Well then maybe management needs to be learning how to set their expectations more appropriately.
but um you know they're never going to take accountability because they never do in this country anyway and what they expect from low in the dark or even you're actually an embracer i'm sorry embracer is europe and so you know or over there so yeah like i don't know what they expected with this game anyways i mean like yeah david harbour is you know it he's a great actor but like that's not gonna draw people to the game necessarily and alone dark such a
Old franchise that probably no one knows about anymore.
And it's a period piece type of game.
It's very niche.
It's solid AA territory there.
And they're charging $60 for it, which I think is too high.
Maybe $50, $40, probably better.
But they really need to scale it down.
And even then, it's just not...
Not gonna sell a ton because people don't know what it is.
It's not Resident Evil.
CEOs everywhere are having a really rude awakening on what gamers are willing to pay $60 or $70 for.
And this has been a problem for years, obviously, but this is really starting to come to a head that we're seeing with all these layoffs and this disappointing expectations and all this stuff is that there really is only so much you can get away with charging $70 for.
I thought they were geniuses that's why they're paid like billions of dollars or millions of dollars hundreds of millions of dollars 300 times more than their regular employees they create business deals that fucking incinerate overnight and go nowhere and then the entire rest of the company suffers
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I am, and I'm actually really pleased to see this.
So FromSoftware's president, Miyazaki Hidetaka, was basically putting out that he's not going to let the same sorts of shutdowns and layoffs happen.
Of course, this is the studio that did Elden Rings and Dark Souls games and stuff like that.
but it's it's been you know a rough ride I think for every company but one of the things that he was going on in fact I'll just read the quote speaking to myself in this company I want to say that this is not something I would wish on the staff at From Software in a million years I'm pretty sure our parent company Kadokawa understands that and shares that view Kadokawa by the way is a publishing company is very very prolific
but the company has actually been growing during all this time since working on Elden Ring they've got the Armored Core 6, Elden Ring just had a huge DLC comes out but Miyazaki actually brings up Iwata talking about the layoffs
I'll read the quote again.
I think it was the old ex-president of Nintendo, Iwata-san, who said that people who are afraid of losing their jobs are afraid of making good things.
I'm paraphrasing that, but I totally share this view.
I think the people at Kadokawa, our parent company, understand that.
I hold this view very strongly.
They're saying that they don't know 100% for sure what's going to happen, but his vow is to keep his employees' jobs safe so that they can continue working at their best.
What a difference in perspective though, you know, and especially, you know, invoking Iwata and just what a hugely respected businessman in the industry he was.
And yeah, Ranmari in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network reminding us, you know, when Nintendo was going through financial roughness, Iwata cut his own salary.
True.
And that's always that standard, you know, when the Wii U was struggling, that is 100% true, that happened.
And that's why a lot of us...
that's how it should be and when we look at a lot of these other CEOs out there who don't do the same thing or the disgusting pig Bobby Kotick getting a huge payout to leave Activision as a fucking reward to be quite honest it's disgusting it's disgusting and you wonder why people don't want to pay $70 for a game who's pocketing that money
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
where it's like no you you you have to like if a person is always afraid of their job being on the line they're not going to take creative risks and creative risks are where the greatest games come from right you know and FromSoftware is in a great place right now happy Elden Ring expansion week to those who celebrate including my husband who you know got got got on that bandwagon this week so there's a lot of people really excited about that Elden Ring expansion
I'll put this out, and I believe this, and it's kind of a tenet where I work, that without innovation, you have stagnation.
When nothing changes, nothing gets better, and if you don't change to adapt to what's around you, then you're going to fail.
And sometimes, you have to be the one to affect the change.
which again, innovate, change the narrative, bring out something new.
You don't have to reinvent the wheel to innovate on it.
so by the way when we're talking about $70 games and some perspective here that Elden Ring Shadow of the Erd Tree DLC is $40 now that is on the high end of DLC costs but everything I'm hearing about it is that it is basically like an like it's it's basically a full game like it is like like it's not just like DLC like ooh bonus chapter or bonus it is like another fucking game within Elden Ring
Like when we got the Citadel DLC back in the day, it was like adding a whole extra part to the game Yeah, but even more than that from what I understand this is Like an MMO expansion, I think may be a really good way, like a Wrath of the Lich King or Endwalker type of situation, sounds like that Yeah
All right, let's move on.
Maybe now, even though we show a little love to the Japanese companies here, maybe there are other decisions that don't always make sense.
Yes, Loki?
Yeah, so Nintendo is coming after people again for IP theft or whatever.
But this time, now they're actually coming after YouTube channels that have created sheet music of Nintendo tracks.
So Sheet Music Boss and Purple Shala have been informed by their respective community that Nintendo has begun targeting sheet music sites like Music Notes and TakingMusicDown.com
for games like Pokemon Mario and The Legend of Zelda.
They say that Music Notes is actively trying to get this decision reversed.
Sheet Music Boss says their arrangements have been correctly licensed and that the original artists were receiving royalties for their sheet music.
We're working on it, but it's super frustrating, especially given that so many Nintendo pieces aren't available anywhere as sheets.
Sorry for anyone that's affected, but please know it's totally out of our control.
it depends on how the composer of the music was contracted to do it but with a lot of cases any sort of art or asset that is produced while under the employ of another company is the property of the company um
In the case of a contractor, it would have to be something in their class.
If I were to say go work for Sega and do a logo for them, that logo doesn't belong to me even though it's my work.
I can put it in my portfolio, but Sega would own that work.
Well, I think there's a lot of cooks in the kitchens of this stuff, too, because I'm sure Nintendo doesn't handle a lot of this stuff internally.
They probably contract with somebody else to handle all the music licensing stuff, and that's who these companies are kind of claiming to go through.
But at the end of the day, all that stuff aside, it's just not a good look.
It's just not a good look.
But do they care?
No, they don't.
It's one of those things where you go, were they legally within their right?
Well, actually, the question I would really ask, and surely somebody's asked this question.
Surely.
I'm not the first.
Was it actually Nintendo that did the cease and desist?
Because we know that that shit has been happening on YouTube.
That people that aren't actually the companies have been putting out claims.
There's a whole other like seedy shit thing that's going on YouTube.
But like that would be the first question I would ask is are we sure it was actually Nintendo that sent this?
Or their authorized license grant or whatever it's called legally.
Their solicitor.
They have a solicitor.
Yes.
Was it really from them?
That's the first question I would honestly ask.
But if it was, then it just seems desperate for a company that doesn't need to be desperate.
Right?
Like if my little symphony wants to play music from Fire Emblem...
Don't you have to pay for the license?
that's one thing but I'm wondering if I haven't used these sites I mean I might have peeked at one to get an idea for doing a MIDI track once but it depends on if
These sites let independent users also upload their own versions of things.
So in that case, it would be unlicensed media.
There's a lot of weirdness that goes on with those kind of legalities.
And we're not lawyers.
Disclaimer, disclaimer.
But I'm wondering if there are other circumstances that we coming into this are not seeing.
because they don't have to give us the full story.
And a lot of times information is put out there for our consumption so that we'll consume it in a particular manner.
That's true.
If you're not watching Untucked, you're only getting half the story.
Well, that's like a legit comparison here.
Like, you're right.
Maybe there is part of the story we don't see, which is often the case in these types of situations.
But I think this comes back to an adage that I've put out there on the show before about in gaming, what is often the truth doesn't matter.
And I know that's a very tough pill to swallow, but the truth doesn't matter.
What is perceived is always going to be the thing that drives gamers.
All of the time.
It can do with anybody.
Everyone's going to make their own judgments.
And honestly enough, it's what I think a lot of news outlets rely on.
Mm-hmm.
and that's why we have a lot of the problems we do because people do not do their own fucking research and they make a snap judgment at the end.
That's human nature.
Thank God my brain's not wired that way.
I could not imagine existing in that kind of mental state.
But at the end There was such a good TikTok floating around this week of Jon Stewart I mean, really, it was just a clip from The Daily Show Jon Stewart is I happened to see it on TikTok And he really nailed this whole thing about how the media just doesn't fucking hold anybody accountable, including itself Yeah Yeah I mean, even, like, I've even started losing some faith in the BBC Because they used to just be the dry British fact news
No.
But anyway, that goes back to this, though.
Moving on to talk about the weather today.
It's going to be quite golem out.
Golem is going to be our new thing for sickly, poorly things.
But, um...
The reason why I was bringing that up is that I think that we also, as people, we tend to look at the first things and give our reactions to things, but I don't know.
I just wonder if there is something else under the surface of this that we don't know.
What is it that's motivating Nintendo to do this?
Maybe they're planning on publishing their sheet music themselves.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean to be fair and Bobby went over this on his show too and he said it in chat is that this particular site was paying compositional licenses to whoever that entity was so technically even if a book was coming there was that payment so it was it was legal on that end but that is that is a very interesting perspective on what could the other half of the story be right exactly exactly and that's just what I wanted to have people think about too is that
Just what we see on the surface.
And I mean, we know fact is fact, you know, legally, they don't really have a foot to stand on unless there's something else going on here that's not obvious to us.
All right.
Well, moving on, you know, this this can just be a scare tactic.
This is somewhat in a way in a similar wavelength of this story, even though it's about a very different topic.
I think this is very much like what is the perception that this leaves out there?
What is going on now?
This does get into rumor and alleged territory, but it is, again, one of those things where based on, you know, we are able to emotionally jump to this conclusion based on what we are seeing.
What I'm talking about is the PlayStation VR 2 and what's going on there.
We know we haven't seen a lot of first-party games for the PlayStation VR 2.
We've seen a lot of reliance on third parties and all that going on.
Android Central is a website that has reported, of course, anonymous sources, that Sony has cut funding for VR game development and there are only...
There are only two projects currently in development at Sony for this.
We don't know what the games are.
There's no details on what those projects are.
But it does sort of say something, especially when you kind of put that next to Sony putting out that device that opens it up as a PC headset at this point and all that stuff that Sony's just kind of ready to move on.
Like, you know, I don't know what these two games are supposed to be, if they're Hail Marys or what, but Sony's kinda done.
Loki, you look like you're dying to say something.
Well, I was just saying, like, this is typical Sony, like, with any of these, like, new, like, Vita and the original PlayStation VR, although I think they support the original PlayStation VR a little bit more, but, yeah, I mean, it's just... Why create these devices if you're not gonna support them?
I mean...
Funny enough, this report came from Android Central.
Google, another perfect example of a company that creates things that they then don't support.
So...
Now, it should be pointed out, if you are a VR enthusiast or you're a PSVR2 owner who's frowning right now, there are things happening in the third-party space, right?
Alien Rogue Incursion, Metro Awakening.
But, you know, it's got to be disappointing to an extent to hear that Sony is kind of cutting back.
You know, again, I'd be curious what those two games are, if they're putting the weight of a AAA franchise, but, like, actually meaning it.
There was a cute little Horizon, because I know the one time I played the PSVR 2 at Bobby's house, he had a Horizon minigame thing that actually was a pretty neat proof of concept for the sound all around you.
It did a lot of the VR tricks very cool.
It was a neat thing.
But it wasn't really like a start-to-finish narrative experience type of thing that I think people sort of long for in VR with the first party weight behind it.
It's weird to think that that's ever going to happen at this point.
Bobby says, I mean, I didn't put you in the start to finish experience.
I put you in the Disney ride.
Okay, then let me flip that around.
Do you believe that the full game was as good as a Horizon Forbidden West or Horizon Zero Dawn?
because when I look at some of these other PSVR spinoff games, even on the one, they were a little different.
Okay, Bobby says, no, I do not.
So there is that.
DarkSakura, what did the internet find this week?
I myself am strange and unusual.
So, what has been thought forever lost has been found.
There was a really, really bad, devious, all-CG movie that was done in 2002.
It, like, had a single play, I think it was like 75 minutes, and it played during a summer roadshow.
And then it never was released for home media, which had been planned, and it hasn't been rebroadcast since.
The trailer for it has resurfaced, you know.
and uh it's uh it looked as bad as I thought it was going to look I mean the CG is definitely dated but um but it was done by Groove Corporation and apparently this is uh at least according to Lost Media Wiki the head of Groove Corporation stole the company's cash in the master tapes
and that basically led the company to go out of business and there are of course no masters to make the copies off of.
Wow.
But even the trailer was really bad.
Like...
Yeah, but it was the trailer that was released for a short run in 2002.
There's no more of this.
And the person who uploaded it to YouTube is R&D Stranger.
but the quote on this is this is the trailer for the Xevious CGI animated movie that was released to Japanese theaters for only a short run in 2002 after the run was finished the movie was never released again only a clip about 5 seconds long existed online before this however I found a promotional preview CD that included trailers for several animated short films including Xevious so here is the trailer from that CD
and then something in 2020, Bandai Namco Studios had a snippet of the movie in the Namco Museum of Art series.
So yeah, that's it.
It's gone.
Maybe that dude will turn up and say, hey, here's those tapes, by the way.
I didn't, you know.
Or someone will find like, you know, oh, what is this master tape I found on eBay for $3?
Oh my god, it's a really awful Xevious movie.
yeah this is what like as much as I believe you know all art to an extent should be preserved um this isn't a hill worth dying on like this this one we can let go uh it's it's really okay if this never sees light a day uh we'll move on with our lives we really will uh because it looked really bad all right
Anyhow, plus when I think about video game movies that need to be made, like Xevious, not even in the top 100, to be honest.
All right.
It must have been cheap to license.
All right.
Moving on, Loki.
All right.
Well, we've got some possible leaks of time splitters coming to the PlayStation platform.
because in Korea, or I should say Taiwan, the ratings board has rated TimeSplitters for the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Now, I don't think this is a new game.
The thought is that it's going to be the PlayStation 2 game as part of the PlayStation Plus catalog, which is less exciting, but cool, I guess.
Much less exciting.
At least it's coming out.
Yeah.
I want my new TimeSplitters game, please.
All these promises.
Maybe... I'm sure this is Embracer's fault.
Yes, we'll just blame Embracer.
Great idea.
All right, let's move on and talk about one more story here before we get to the classic game of the week.
This has to do, unfortunately, with a studio that shut down, but it's an interesting sort of story about how...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So wherever he ended up, he's probably doing A-OK.
It'll just be a question of how many of his former studio employees was he able to bring with him.
Hopefully a lot, but we'll see over the next few weeks and months, really, as that news develops.
All right, let's travel back to a simpler time in our next segment.
Let's roll the bumper.
The Classic Game of the Week is Child of Light.
on purpose picked something that came out as close to the edge of that 10 year gap that I could find wait till you see what I do in November
Anyway, Child of Light is a platforming RPG that was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and it was published by Ubisoft for Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Wii U, Xbox 360, and Xbox One in April of 2014.
It came out on the PlayStation Vita in July 2014 and later was released on Switch on October 11, 2018.
We'll be going into more on this.
You can play it on all sorts of things.
It's actually available on Luna.
It was on Stadia.
Rest in peace, Stadia.
And it's actually run on the UbiArt Framework game engine.
This game is fucking beautiful, okay?
Like, look at it.
Look at it.
It lives through her life.
And if y'all are listening elsewhere, pull over to the side of the road, pull out your YouTube app, and look at it.
Just saying.
Anyway, the game, it takes place in this land called Lemuria, and you play as Aurora, who is a child who wakes up after dying from an illness and has to bring back the sun, the moon, and the stars that are being held by the Queen of Night so that she can go home.
um the way that you play is it's got some definitely side scrolling platforming elements to it and it's a little flying around here a little puzzle solving there and different role play elements so you have like turn-based combat like the active uh battle systems and some of our favorite RPGs like the Final Fantasy series or Grandia
you can control up to two characters during a battle and you can swap them out with waiting characters and you get up to three enemies that happen during the battle and if you approach them from behind you get a surprise strike and if they get you from behind it's an ambush and you also have a
another character called Igniculus who is a firefly and is used as a mechanic inside and during the battles I'm sorry, outside and during the battles and then you can move them around to open chests and shine light on an enemy to slow them down or to heal you just like your little supporting it's like Navi, it's your supporting Navi Hey, Houston!
um without being that annoying so um but Aurora is a princess and after being stranded in Lemuria uh she runs into a uh a jester called Rubella who has a vocabulary problem and then Finn who is a sorcerer and just all kinds of fun characters so um
as it stands though the game visually is just this really really pretty pretty thing the backgrounds look like watercolor paintings um or at the very least like really nice gouache um
and just it's so it makes me think honestly I don't know why but I get a vibe in the art style resembling like the little prince illustrations you know I see that
Anyway, it was initially shown at GDC Europe 2013 and it was said that it was inspired by Studio Ghibli and my art hero, Yoshitaka Amano and presented those other sort of paint-like games like Limbo and
and I think it's absolutely beautiful.
They wanted Aurora to grow throughout the game going from five years old to 10 to 15 and finish when she was around 20 years old.
So you could see her physically evolve and then along with her personality.
And then of course all of her relationships and her perspective would change.
it would have had multiple endings where you would decide the ending that you want but she only ages once in the game and there's one ending and then now this I like is that they had talked about her having like a prince in the story but they wanted her to be someone who did not rely on a man or fall in love at the end of the story and this is real girl boss power just saying
and that oh god, something else I totally agree with the writer Jeffrey Yohalem says that love is an easy way out for a writer that instead of focusing on
Growing up or using your time to help others or just being an adult or doing things on your own, that it's a cop-out to have them instead just be a romance story.
I mean, there's a lot of good stories that are ruined by romance.
Anyway.
And Aurora is actually...
Supposedly from Austria, sorry, 1895, Austria, the child of a duke.
And it's stated that the lands are supposed to be in Carniola and that there's an earthquake that hit the capital on Easter Sunday.
And so that's what was incorporated into the game.
that there's like a flood going on from a dam bursting and so it's uh lots of stuff going on there's lots of stuff behind it um it's like I mentioned before it's using the UbiArt framework engine that was also used for Rayman Origins and Rayman Legends so they could uh put concept art into the game and make it look like an animated painting um
they gave it a watercolor effect because they wanted it to look like an underwater dream and that some of the staff had their kids draw Aurora based on the description that they were given and they
yeah, they took it that design so at any rate it's also been described as a playable poem with the game's dialogue being done in rhyme and ballad form so four line stanza with the second and fourth ending in rhyming words with some variable iambic counts so basically it's like you're listening to a sonnet every time you hear them talk um
and that the artwork was inspired by, of course, like I said earlier, Amano, also Arthur Rackman, John Bauer, Edmund Duloc.
and it was also released in Europe with an exclusive poster that came with the deluxe versions of the games for Windows, PS3 and PS4 Ubisoft also worked with Cirque du Soleil during the development of the game and that provided the theatrical feel and the costume designs
The music was composed by Beatrice Martin, also known as Croix de Pirate.
How do you say pirate in French?
It's the heart of the pirate.
Who is a Canadian singer and songwriter, clearly Quebecois.
and also worked with the Bratislava Symphony Orchestra recording the songs and her music was described as fresh, romantic and optimistic and embodied the feeling of Child of Light.
So, it received mostly positive reviews.
The PS3 version from Metacritic had an 89 of 100, Switch 84 of 100, and Wii U 84 of 100, and PlayStation 4 82 of 100.
Xbox One 82 of 100, Xbox 360 74 of 100, and the PC version a 77 of 100.
So, yeah.
Average and up.
Um... There, uh...
or people like Vince Ignacio of IGN said the combat system was second to none but that sometimes the rhyming scheme kept it kept one from being able to really get into the meat of the characters
but everyone praised the feeling and the music and just the art style in general of the game and said that it was very refreshing to have that kind of game.
Now, Alex Navarro of Giant Bomb was a lot more critical and he said that
While the game is pretty, it didn't leave a lasting impact and the narrative seemed uninspired because it relied on childhood stories.
You know, that sort of motif of the evil stepmother and magical kingdoms and all of that.
And it made it hard to understand the plot.
and then there were people who just thought it wasn't hard enough but that there are still plenty of other people who thought it was an absolutely delightful game and at the 18th annual DICE Awards, the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences nominated it for the Handheld Game of the Year.
So, there were other things that came with it, other media.
April 30, 2015, Ubisoft released a digital book for free called Child of Light, Reginald the Great, for the first anniversary.
It was also written by the game's writer.
And then...
An illustrator named Serge Marinho was involved in a new book set in the Child of Life universe.
And they had two other books already written and a third planned, but nothing was released.
No further books.
There was also October 2018, Tasha Huo was working on a pilot for a TV show from Child of Light as a big fan of the game.
And then on March 31st, 2022, Aurora was made as a playable character for Bloodstained Ritual of the Night.
so there's been stated that they wanted to do more with Child of Light and in fact there was when they were talking about the Switch release is that there had been teased a sequel for Child of Light 2 but we haven't seen anything there's also talk of a prequel we haven't seen anything but this was supposed to take inspiration from Swan Lake
and still have the watercolor themed art and more operatic and slightly more adult.
But we still haven't seen anything and it would be nice if we did.
Oh, actually there is another note is that because Ubisoft's business model has changed, Plur does not think that there is going to be the prequel release because that's not the kind of game Ubisoft is looking to make now.
And that's it.
Child of Light.
Well, thank you for that classic Game of the Week pick, even if most of us are sitting here going, really?
This game is 10 years old now, huh?
Okay.
All right.
That leaves me with a feeling.
Phil of Nine in our chat mentions, I remember when this came out and how much it stood out from other games because of the beautiful style.
Yeah, I agree with that.
And specifically, quite honestly, other Ubisoft games.
It was nice to see a big company like Ubisoft making games like this, which is why I let out the deep sigh I just did with that last comment about how Ubisoft doesn't make games like this anymore when this was just 10 years ago.
It's disappointing.
I mean, that has to go back to what we were talking about earlier for taking risks and innovating.
And the designers did take a risk.
They did...
married a couple of different genre together to create something this beautiful and a game that people still remember with fondness.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, thank you for the pick.
There it is one more time.
Child of Light from Ubisoft on PlayStation 3 and a variety of consoles of its time.
Yes.
Boy, oh boy.
All right.
Well, we are going to move on.
We have some more segments for you here on tonight's OLR, including some rapid fire news and where we cover some other headlines from the industry.
We're going to start with Loki.
Talk about movie news, video game movie news.
So we've got the announcement from Miyamoto that, hey, guess what?
Successful animated Mario movie has gained successful animated Mario sequel, right?
That's now set for Japanese release of April 24th, 2026.
A couple more years away for that.
And then... I hope Birdo's in it.
That's all.
And then the sequel for a movie I didn't think really should have gotten a sequel, but the 2022 Uncharted... Hollywood can't make games like Child of Light either.
Hollywood has to just cash in established franchises because that's all that gets greenlit now.
Well...
Why can't they make video games?
I mean, we see that that was done.
We had just some announcements of a movie studio making a video game studio and then making games.
I know, but this is why are they going back to Undertale?
Why are they going back to Uncharted?
Uncharted?
I mean, because you can do a generic action movie and people like that kind of stuff.
So anyways, sequel for Uncharted, the 2022 movie, it has been announced.
It was mentioned in Sony
and their Cine Europe announcement talking about their pipeline in upcoming movies.
So it is a thing that's in production.
Neat.
DarkSakura.
A game that was revealed in 2004, so we're going to go back 20 years, finally got released.
It's called Age of Pirates Captain Blood.
And it is a runaround hack and slash...
Beat Em Up
which tried to make it like a God of War game and it was finished in 2009 but Playlogic who was the previous publisher got into a big legal shebang with over the IP and so even though they'd already been printing discs and preparing them to ship it never actually launched there was a trailer in 2010 that promised a 2011 release and that didn't happen and then BAM
June 17th there's a revealed a new world premiere trailer and it's coming to Xbox, PlayStation, Nintendo, Switch, and PC so yeah it looks it looks like it could be fun it's it's you know Bastion with Pirates everything's better with Pirates
Speaking of pirates, a really popular app on the iPhone right now is Delta, which of course is an emulator.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I got rid of it when it stopped working on Xbox because for whatever reason there was a client for Xbox One that they never brought over to Series X. It might be there now, but it never did.
So I canceled because I was like, if they're not going to have it on the newest Xbox, forget it.
But it's available on, of course, PC Windows.
It is also now going to be available on iPhone.
It's going to be coming out on iOS on June 27th, I suppose.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
it even gets some random licenses like some PS1 games but they're not like you know you think like Hogs of War and things you probably actually didn't play on PlayStation unless maybe you were in Europe where Anstream is based anyway you can see more about Anstream's library over at anstream.com slash games and it is a streaming platform so you don't actually download the ROMs or anything like that but that's also you know that can be a positive and a negative so yeah
AntStream is usually $5 a month or $40 for a year, but apparently the introductory price is going to be $4 a month or $30 a year.
Again, if you want more information, AntStream.com.
One of these days I should re-up and see what they're up to over there these days.
but yeah it is very Eurocentric but I think that's you know what I think that's great that this is available now for more people you know especially when it's emulation in a way that the creators of the original games get a little coin hopefully so all right let's move on and check out some release dates of games coming out around the world starting with the US Loki
Yep, so we've got actually quite a few things coming out this week.
So starting off, Beyond Good and Evil 20th Anniversary Edition.
That's coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Frogan Encore, we've got on PC, Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Graven on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Riven on PC and Mac Yes, that's right, Riven is coming out again Not a surprise Super Monkey Ball, Banana Rumble on Nintendo Switch Until then, on PC and PlayStation 5 We've got Luigi's Mansion 2 HD on Nintendo Switch
and uh let's see Nero uh Neo Sprint on a PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series and Atari VCS um uh Chia I guess that's how you pronounce that on Nintendo Switch um
Tsukihime, a piece of blue glass moon on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
And then we have Spy x Anya Operation Memories on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
All right, and I'm going to get to Japanese releases, but I was curious on this AntStream thing because somebody dropped a link in chat that showed all the games that you can play on the AntStream collection.
I just do want to clarify for our listeners that, yes, Yars' Revenge is playable on AntStream.
So if you need another way to play Yars' Revenge in your collection...
Lord.
AntStream's got you handled.
Just so we're clear.
Worried about that.
Yeah, I know.
I was a little worried about it too, but we're A-OK.
Good news.
Alright, let's travel Japan and check out the releases over there.
Over in Japan, on the Nintendo Switch this next week, we have Luigi's Mansion 2 HD, of course.
We'll be making its way out there as well.
Arcana Alchemia is also out in a regular and a limited edition.
A Street Cat's Tale...
Appropriately, the Neko Neko Edition is out as well.
Coming out on the Switch as well.
Iwakura Aria is also out in a regular and limited edition.
The Night Witch in a, you guessed it, regular and limited edition.
Neptunia vs. Titan Dogu, not like D-O-G-U-U, Dogu, is out as well.
And you know I love Muv-Luv, and Muv-Luv Alternative Remastered Double Pack is
I guess it's two Muv-Luv games coming out together also on the 27th of June in Japan.
There's also a game, I think this is interesting, Rise Zap for Nintendo Switch.
It's called Rhythm Training.
And so I was kind of looking at it going, oh, is this like a DDR type of thing?
But it looks like it's more like maybe boxing, like this type of rhythm thing because the screenshots kind of look like punching and that whole type of thing where you have a blue hand and a red hand, I guess, to go with the controls.
So that's kind of interesting, I guess.
What about an Ultra Hand?
To be determined.
On the PlayStation 5, meanwhile, we have Spy x Anya Operation Memories is out in Japan, which is called Spy x Family in other regions.
But that Spy x Anya Operation Memories is out on June 27th, as is Deep Rock Galactic Special Edition.
That same Neptunia vs Titan Doogoo is out as well.
And that's it for the PlayStation 5.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
We have on the 25th for PlayStation we have Monster Hunter Stories Collection.
for Switch we have Super Monkey Ball Banana Rumble on the 27th for Switch we have Chaya Oletti Edition also on the 27th for PlayStation and Xbox we have Black Sad Under the Skin for Switch we have Luigi's Mansion 2 HD and Citizen Sleeper sorry that's the 28th sorry Citizen Sleeper also on the 28th is Dave the Diver for Switch also on Switch is Maze Mystery The Secret of Dragonville
and then for Switch and PlayStation we have Gigantosaurus, Dino Sports for Switch on the 28th Instant Sports All-Stars Kid V. Parents Garden Simulator Ultra Mega Extra Party Challenge and Spy Cross Anya Operation Memories and then for PlayStation and Switch on that day we have 34 Sports Games World Edition
Hello?
I think he's muted.
Oh, hi Rob.
Oh, hi, sorry, I am muted, you're right.
My bad.
I was going to say, it's a pretty busy week for releases, and I wanted to get on to our next story on one of those releases Loki was talking about.
Yep, this is silly.
Ubisoft had tweeted that the remaster, of course, of Beyond Good and Evil was coming June 25th on their official Twitter account.
But they have deleted the tweet.
It's not ready yet to announce.
How?
I don't know.
But then, of course, there is already a trailer that's out for it.
I mean...
it's it's common right then people played it remember it leaked on Ubisoft plus it's like they they just can't keep this a secret for whatever reason well especially you would think there'd be a little more hype behind it too with just a few days to go right we don't hype anything yeah
Well, I don't know how much people are hyping this, but for better or for worse, one of the biggest memes in gaming, and you can look up the memes for yourself.
I'm not going to explain it to you, but it was a classic video game, MMO-ish experience called Habbo Hotel.
Oh, God.
Haba Hotel Origins Haba Hotel Origins
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Your avatar would chat with friends in a virtual hotel lobby.
You could spend credits on furniture and accessories and decorate your guest room and all that good stuff.
There's two other whole versions on the site as well.
Yeah, Mackelby is the creator of this and I guess just kind of came across the files saying after discovering an old decrepit server with some long lost files at the beginning of this year.
Over the past six months or so, longtime Habbo developer and player McElbee has lovingly restored an old version of Habbo Hotel first released in 2005.
They're saying this new version will have a fresh community-led approach.
Meaning that the Info Bus Park, which was an area in the original game, is now a democratic forum where they will answer player questions about the development and direction of the game.
That was originally a waiting area for players to board the bus, which only ran for a few hours a day.
Also, now you may only make an account if you are 18 years of age or higher, not 13, because again, the original game
End of sentence.
That's all I need to say about it.
What if we all signed up and made it Woken Gay?
Well, you know, you would hope that maybe with the Democratic Forum and all this stuff, maybe, you know, maybe everybody's grown the fuck up in the last 20 years and maybe this new version will be Woken Gay.
But let me just say, I don't... Yeah, I'm with Loki on where I predict... I don't think it's Democratic in the sense of Democratic Party.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
But I'm... Yeah.
So...
All of you making pool jokes in chat are banned.
Just, I'm getting out my hammer.
Banned, but you get a ban and you get a ban and you get a ban.
All right.
Look, I actually questioned if I want to bring it up or not, but I think you have to go.
Here's the thing too.
Think of it this way.
All the people that participated in those types of events were probably 17 or 18 at the time.
Those same people are 37 and 38 now.
Okay?
So if us talking about Child of Light made you feel old, how old do you think some of those people who participated in such tomfoolery are feeling now with this re-release of this game?
anyway Ranmari in chat says if I do return to Habbo Hotel I am going to instead shout trans rights at the pool as one should do you should just shout trans rights at a real pool
Why not?
Why not?
Actually, there was an emote in Diablo 4 that I unlocked on my character.
When the character does the emote, I swear, I swear the sprinkles, little stardust that he leaves behind, I swear to God, they're in the colors of very light blue, white, and pink.
Where else do we see those colors together?
The trans flag.
So I'm almost positive Diablo has a trans right emote in the game.
That's what I'm calling it anyway.
So, all right.
Happy pride, by the way.
Let's move on to the listener round table and invite your feedback as we do every week.
You can join our green room if you're feeling like it over at our vognetwork.com slash discord.
You could also just join our discord server to say hi to us throughout the week.
You can...
We have a whole channel dedicated to when celebrities pass away.
Tiger Claw will make a post about it and you can have your moment of awe.
Kind of like when Donald Sutherland passed away this week, which is sad.
I'm not here to make light of it.
But he was 88, which he had a good life and it was kind of one of those like, oh, that's too bad.
But it takes you a minute to...
you know, remember these awesome celebrities that unfortunately we have lost.
But trust me, there's much more in the Discord server than just the In Memoriam channel.
It's your way to talk with us every week.
Alright, but I think we actually have much more talking going on in the mailbag than we're used to over at participate at orangeloungeradio.com What are you doing?
Like one person emailed twice.
What?
I'm sorry, there is a one and a half email limit per week.
Well, I'll go ahead and start with the first one.
All right.
So, hello, LR.
Catching up on the June 9th episode of the show, Rob mentions that the PC adapter for the PlayStation VR 2 moves onto his wishlist.
Sorry.
To be completely honest, I received this news as the opposite.
Basically, this one song for the headset is kind of like the PlayStation VR 2 got its R21 patch.
Maybe pause for a moment.
Does that reference ring a bell with anyone?
You may recall all the way back in 2006 that In The Groove 2 was a thing, at least until Konami sued its developers and publisher.
Just weeks before the announcement of the settlement would end the series, a patch was released for ITG2 called R21.
This patch allowed players to play their own songs and step charts off of USB drives simply by plugging them into the machine.
But why, players asked.
If we can play any song or chart off USB, doesn't that render new versions pointless?
And then the settlement was announced, so we knew why.
R21 existed only because the game was no longer commercially viable.
There would be no In the Groove 3, so why not sabotage the current version?
At least players would get something more out of it.
According to an Ars Technica article from back in March, hundreds of thousands of unsold PSVR2 units are sitting in warehouses.
Sony needs a way to entice folks to buy the remaining inventory, and they're seemingly reluctant to run discounts on much of anything nowadays.
They have announced exactly zero first-party gains coming to the headset over the foreseeable future, and I'd put down a few bucks that no more are coming.
Let's face it, outside of plugging a few third-party titles here or there, Sony is fully and completely done with PSVR 2.
This is their R21 patch allowing existing owners to get a bit more mileage out of it, perhaps enticing a few more folks to buy one.
During people to PC to buy games cuts themselves out.
They no longer get the 30% cut that they'd get on the PlayStation Store, which defeats the point of having a walled garden in the first place.
There's no financial reason for them to do this unless they're calling it quits, which they are.
Personally, I would not recommend buying a PSVR 2 at this point.
We've seen that in the past, multi-platform games are designed with the most popular platform in mind, and when it comes to VR, that platform is Oculus Quest.
From now onward, almost all of what we're going to see on PSVR 2 are just ports to the game designed for Quest.
It's a shame, but Sony basically sent this thing to die.
So yeah, too many games this next weekend, April 28th through 30th.
Yay!
Come visit me and play Super Duper Multitasking, or if you don't want to talk to anyone, you can just watch the 15-minute looping video I'm producing for the booth.
Enjoy your week, and YYR.
Thanks for the email.
And I do remember the R21s, right?
DJ Ranma S in chat says the whole R21 thing sounds more like a coincidence than anything else.
Nah, that was a Trojan horse.
That was absolutely purposeful, but it was a brilliant little device knowing what's coming.
So that was an interesting trip down memory lane.
It kind of reminds me of the kill switch we all know is lurking in Steam.
Someday Steam is going to push a button that unlocks all those games in your library.
You don't have to connect online to play them anymore.
And we all know it's in the terms and conditions we accept with Steam and all that stuff.
Anyway, I do want to go back though and address what was said earlier.
I'm not taking back what I said.
I'm not backtracking.
But I want to clarify what I mean when I say it's on my wish list.
My birthday is this week, okay?
My birthday.
My birthday is coming up.
It's my birthday.
It's not just OLR's birthday, but it's my birthday.
And I'm going to be a lot older than OLR.
And so when I say it's on my wish list, it's on my wish list for someone else to buy me.
I wouldn't mind.
But I have better things to buy for myself.
And I already know Husband did not get me a PSVR 2.
I already know what Husband got me for my birthday.
I actually brought it up on last week's show.
He got me the Evercade...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I do still, at least for the moment, and this is where I'm not going to backtrack my comment, I still look at PSVR 2 as a device that plays PSVR games and PC VR games.
So at the moment, it seems like an attractive option in that space.
that being said I do agree with what you're saying at the second part of that email and I think we see that in the news story we talked about earlier that even Sony seems to not have a lot of stock in this anymore and it's only a matter of time before PC ultimately surpasses it in that space
I think at the end of the day, I'm just interested in other things in tech right now.
I think VR has been unable to produce that must-have game.
It has been unable to produce that Wii Sports.
It's gotten close with...
like Beat Saber and maybe even VRChat to an extent although I still consider that a party trick sorry to the furry community I know that loves that game but I still consider it a party trick and Half-Life Alyx but I don't feel like anything is really just said no seriously you fucking need VR so until the industry makes it
I think I'm content buying a bunch of other bullshit as opposed to a VR headset.
I'm going to say wait.
I'm waiting.
For two words.
Vision Pro.
I don't know anything, but just having used one, I'm just going to say wait.
People are going to discover what it can do.
and I really have a feeling that we're going to see dedicated VR systems and not just the whole going the full tech route.
There's a lot of rumors in that space too, but we'll save that for another time.
YYR in chat though wants to say, Gran Turismo 7, Resident Evil 4 and 8 have made the headset worthwhile for some folks all by themselves.
Not to discount your comment, but there's a big problem.
There's a big problem with those three games that you mentioned.
No, the games are great.
They all are also playable outside of VR.
So, whereas VR may enhance the experience, VR doesn't feel necessary to the experience.
That's the problem.
So, anyway.
I'm just hoping that they finally port, whatever, the not-until-dawn, the other non-until-dawn game.
Oh, the Quarry?
Yeah.
No, not the quarry, the VR one.
I hope they port.
Actually, I hope they import Until Dawn of Russia Blood.
Yeah, I know what to tell you.
It's the, yeah, I know what to tell you about that.
Damn it, I can't remember the name of it.
No, not Russia Blood.
They did it on PSVR 2.
It was the anthology game.
Yeah.
Their other series, yeah.
I want that on VR, please.
Please and thank you.
Anyway, I think you said YYR had a second email.
Of course, I was just being a jerk earlier.
Okay, hello LR, I listened to last week's show during a 3 hour drive today and just wanted to drop a note, sorry for the double email Loki mentioned his trip to round 1 last weekend and mused that they might be getting an upgraded version of DDR soon Well actually both of the DDR cabs there were already running on the brand new DDR world while he was there All machines were automatically updated via network on June 12th and began running the new version once they received the update and were rebooted once
Just in case you're out of the DDR loop and want to try the new version, here are a few quick tips.
One, if you want to set options such as scrolling speed, you can no longer hold the decision button to access the options menu.
You can either press the number nine on the keypad that you use to enter your pin at login time or use the arrow buttons to highlight options from the difficulty selection screen.
No, you're not crazy.
I'm glad they made it easy for us.
That's nice.
No, you're not crazy.
There is now just one green generic animated background for literally every song in the game.
The dancing characters have once again been removed.
When selecting songs, the folders for version, level, genre, etc.
have all been removed or replaced by any filter feature.
Press number 6 on the keypad to adjust the filter.
You can select multiple criteria at once, so basically you get more power at the expense of simplicity.
Really, it's annoying until you get used to it.
and just a reminder in the USA you will only find this version at round one locations Dave and Busters is still stuck on A20 plus and if I had to guess in one to two years they'll all be gone and replaced by Step Maniacs we shall see enjoy your week and happy gaming AaronYYR with all due respect to YYR your email did not make me enthused to go play DDR World I have a Step Maniacs machine a lot closer to me downtown and I think I'll just go play that instead yeah they have a Step Maniacs machine there too um
Coinoff downtown got one my friends posted an Instagram story of them playing it and it looks bright and beautiful and that whole building got remodeled a few months that's why they were closed for a few months so I'm like super curious about that one I mean that's cool yeah I don't know like yeah it sucks that DDR is kind of like half-assed in it right now but
That just means the step charts will come out and I'll just put them on step me.
Because, I don't know.
Well, step me doesn't work on my PC anymore because my PC's broke.
The background thing is really weird to me.
It's cheap.
It sounds Russian cheap.
Oh, yeah.
the secret rendezvous that one that had all the people in the limo like those those visuals were really silly and fun that's some of the best part you know I'm gonna tell you a reason why I think all the backgrounds are like that plug and play updates as an internet style as you don't have to worry about new backgrounds and everything you are just importing the song into one set background and there you go
Dear OL Army, Dear OL Army, Dear OL Army,
Hey, it's your girl Mishi here.
Firstly, sorry for the lengthy email and bad grammar.
It's okay.
Has anyone picked up any new games this week, this month?
Any games you're looking forward to?
Well, I have and they're pretty fun too.
I managed to pick up two Farming Sims.
Yeah, let's go with that.
LOL.
Anyway, the games I picked up are called Moonstone Island where you play a fledgling alchemist who's sent away from home for a year.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This game is an extra of Animal Crossing meets Stardew Valley.
You play as someone who can't remember who they are or how they got to Ever After Falls.
In this game, there are quests.
You run a farm and also this game has a gardening mechanic.
To me, it's like creepy Stardew Valley.
Anyway, sorry for the long email.
With that, I'll say happy gaming.
Thanks for the show and have a great night.
Sincerely, Mishkins.
That was a tweet compared to YYR's emails.
Mish, you don't got to apologize.
No, but always a delight to hear from both individuals.
And yeah, I appreciate the recommendations of games that might not otherwise be on our radar because I think you kind of highlighted some more indie or smaller games that, you know, they don't always get a lot of coverage like some of the other games we talk about.
So I definitely rely on the listeners to put some of those games on our radar.
So I encourage you all to email us, participate at OrangeLandsRadar.com.
I think I heard a question in there though about what are we looking forward to for me personally my avatar DLC oh yeah I know that's up your alley yeah and for me for me it's expansions too Final Fantasy XIV Dawn Trail Diablo 4 or yeah Diablo 4 has their expansion in October other things I was trying to think like outside of that the Nintendo World Championships we were talking about earlier in the show is next month for sure
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and what they're going to do with that.
My hope is it's going to turn out pretty good.
The Silent Hill 2 remake, again, speaking of morbid curiosities, I really feel like people have very polarizing opinions about that remake.
I want to try it out.
I definitely want to try out the Silent Hill 2 remake.
And then, of course, the Dragon Quest remasters we were talking about earlier in the show.
So there's a lot to look forward to for sure.
Loki, anything you're looking forward to?
I mean, it's probably the stuff I'm not aware of, like, you know, the game that's behind me.
Like, I was totally unaware of that, and then now it's out, and it's worth checking out.
As for upcoming games, I mean, the new Zelda game might be fun.
Yeah, I think it's just the stuff that I'm unaware of.
I do want to try...
Oh god, what's the... Obsidian RPG.
Oh, um... I want to say like Arisen, but it's not... Yeah, no, I know what you mean.
Avowed.
Yeah, Avowed.
I knew it began with an A. Yeah, Avowed I think would be kind of cool to check out because it has that Skyrim vibes and...
I'm like really enjoying indies like this year like like I said I've been like gushing over Turbo Kid that game looks awesome um and I've almost finished it and they keep updating it uh I definitely want to play um Blood I want to check that out um yeah I don't know so we'll see what other stuff comes out this year Squirrel the Gun yeah we'll play that
Great suggestions, everybody.
Going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Ranmari says, I want to give Diablo 4 a spin, but I'm hesitant to give money to Blizzard these days.
Well, for better or for worse, you wouldn't be giving money to Blizzard.
You'd be giving money to Microsoft at this point.
So again, for better or for worse, your choice on how you feel about that.
I will point out, though, that Microsoft does have Diablo 4 on Game Pass if you're a Game Pass person.
If you're not a Game Pass person, then I guess I would recommend check out streams and YouTubes and see if it's for you.
I love it, but I've also always had an affinity for Diablo and those types of games.
So I recognize that, yeah, my opinion's like really biased.
So it is what it is.
So yeah, I can only give you advice on how to check it out for yourself.
Diablo 4 Diablo 3 Diablo 4 Diablo 3 Diablo 3
Diablo 4, you know, it's still over the top in some ways, but it's not quite as fast-paced as 3 was.
Maybe it'll get there after all the expansions and stuff, but it's a little bit of a different flavor.
It's a little more in line with Diablo 2 than 3.
All right.
I think that's it.
Last-minute story.
Oh, yeah, last-minute stories, please.
Yeah.
So, everyone remember the Neptune story?
Oh, yes.
I've mentioned this many, many a time.
The Master System has stayed popular in Brazil.
So the Sega consoles are going to be a big thing.
I kind of want to get my hands on one of these, to be honest.
Anyway, I thought it was cool.
No, that's neat.
That's great.
Loki, how about you?
Any last-minute stories from you?
Yeah, so we have one from the Slay the Princess developer, Black Tabby Games, basically, well, they've deleted the tweets, but they basically said, hey, if you can't afford our game, go pirate it.
I feel like they're not the first developer to do this recently.
Yeah, I think it's more along the lines of like they're saying, you know, don't necessarily like watch through like everybody's playthroughs and stuff online, but you can pirate it and hey, we're going to be, you know, starting our games on a Steam summer sale on the 27th.
So you can go download it or buy it for a discounted price then if you can afford it or something like that.
I swear some other game did the exact same thing that said it wasn't the same, but they said I would rather you pirate our game than watch a Let's Play.
I swear there was somebody to say it wasn't the same but why can't we have both yeah I know I know
Anyway, interesting.
Well, everybody's entitled to their opinion.
All right.
Well, we hope you enjoyed our opinions over the last few hours, but we always welcome yours as well.
Again, you can always send us an email.
Participate at orangesoundtrader.com.
Join our Discord and chat with us throughout the week.
Apparently, I'm reading YouTube comments now too, so you can always leave us a comment there.
We appreciate that.
Shout it into the void.
I'll probably see it eventually.
So, yeah.
Oh, Rinmari reminds us, I did read about a game dev that said, we'd rather you pirate our game than buy keys on G2A that were probably obtained with credit card fraud.
Oh yeah, that was definitely a thing.
Yeah, for sure.
And then YYR wants to point out something he forgot in his DDR email.
There are no longer any differences gameplay wise between the gold 20th anniversary cabinet and the others.
Interesting.
Hmm.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Those all go an awful long way.
So thank you for all of the nice reviews and word of mouth and even tweets and blue sky posts and all that good stuff.
We really appreciate y'all spreading the word.
Let's see.
I don't know what else to share here.
So I think I will just kick it over to final thoughts.
So DarkSakura, why don't you give us your final thought?
I'm having a sub-a-thon on the 20th Y'all can come if you want to Just really more of a hangout opportunity in between doing Giselle performance next Sunday So I don't know if I'll be here Then I have my recital in another two Saturdays Then I have that coming And then I have California Extreme is next month
I'm staying overnight for that.
This is going to be a busy month.
My feet are going to hurt and I'm going to have some bad eye strain.
That's all.
I officially have a gig at Bear Dive believe it or not that night Saturday night during California Extreme so I will not be able to go sadly but I mean not that sad because I love doing gigs and I love the troupe that I get to host for but the timing is a bummer of course tis what tis alright well have a great stream DarkSakura
thank you everybody we'll see you hopefully next week but maybe in two weeks it sounds like that's going to be interesting because Bobby Blackwolf isn't here next week either because the summer games don't click so yeah and I didn't realize it was I mean it starts at 2 but we come in like toward the end of the first act so I don't know how long I'm going to be there well just text me and we'll figure it out we'll make it up as we go along like we always do that's right that's how we keep it running alright bye DarkSakura
Alright then, Loki, that means we go to you and get your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I have more episodes coming out soon.
I'm taking a week off to work on the big theme park ride, the first major one, so hopefully we'll get that out in July.
Just be conservative about it.
My final thought is thank you to Sinister Creature Con for having me host the cosplay contest yesterday.
I had a lot of fun and there were some very creative costumes.
I really enjoy always seeing that type of stuff.
I really liked the audience choice winner who was kind of like an interpretation of Oogie Boogie from Nightmare Before Christmas, but it looked really cool.
But I'm a fan of a lot of the outfits.
So thank you for that.
And yeah, I look forward to some more events here locally in the Sacramento area.
Rocky Horror Picture Show on July 20th and Scream Queens Gorlesque over at Bear Dive on July 27th.
So shout out to my friends at lovehorrorevents.com where all that stuff goes down.
So that is it.
DJ Ranma S says, can you share photos?
I think so.
I was...
I didn't take any because I was hosting it.
Oh, you know what?
Ranma, the professional photos, I mean, there's some phone photos that are out there, but you know what?
Our professional photographers, they'll start posting in the next couple days.
So when I have some of those, I'll send them to you because I think you'll enjoy some of the outfits because it's very different than an anime convention because, of course, you have people like Jason and Freddy and scary stuff.
Somebody did the May Queen from... Not Hereditary, the other one from...
Oh my god, Midsommar, which I thought was really clever as well.
So yeah, I'll share that once I have the professional photos.
That's really it.
Thank you again so much otherwise.
And that'll do it for this week's show.
We'll see you in seven days to do all over again.
Bye everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
