Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again tonight with episode number 1008 of our show tonight.
June 16th of 2024 as we broadcast live through the magic of Twitch television on our channel with our friends at VOG Network, where we tape it live every Sunday night, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
I am here, Rob Roberts, with my co-hosts who join me every week.
First up, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
And Jamie was having a mic issue before the show and I'm not sure Isn't it working now?
Yes, now it is, that's so weird I said hi I know, but the hi didn't come through, so it's weird Everything's broken Did that work?
Yes, that worked, yes, loud and clear, we heard that Alright, so Jamie will just be speaking in raspberries all night long Nah Who is the last person you blew raspberries at?
A cat
Mine would have been a Lexus driver, for sure.
Midna was doing her usual, I want to be fed, I've never been fed before.
And I was like, oh yeah.
And she didn't know what to make of that.
Why is it whenever I get cut off in traffic, it's always a Lexus, BMW, a Mercedes, or now a Tesla?
Why is it always one of those vehicles?
Entitled drivers.
No, I know the answer.
You named all of these semi-luxury brands and they're all entitled.
Oh, my car is expensive.
No one would dare run into me.
Watch me demolish my Fiat to make a point.
Watch next time you get cut off in traffic.
Make a note of the make and model of the car because you're going to notice some patterns.
Oh, no.
I just brake check them.
All right.
They do not want to have to deal with a fiat on their insurance.
Let's check the breaks on the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Loki?
Pretty good.
Who was the last person you blew raspberries at?
Or, I guess, Animal.
I don't remember.
Okay, it's fine.
Are you insinuating my cat is not a people?
We'll just say something in Minecraft.
I don't know.
I don't think I do that in Minecraft either
I don't know.
$25 doesn't last as long as it used to.
No, it doesn't.
Especially in a place that's loaded with crane games where you're blowing through dollar bills like that.
It's like the slot machines in Vegas.
I can't believe I just spent $20.
That's faster than dollar bills at a drag show.
I would feel better with the crane games if the claw...
clearly didn't pick up the object every single time but like it like I was just joking with my kids it's like you know just loosely grabbing like with like your hand fell asleep and you're like trying to grab something with it like that's what it was like every time it would pick up the thing but it's like oh I just have no strength I just dropped it oh no it's like
Right.
Like, I can't... It's like I'm not completely clueless to what's going on here.
Well, I'm gonna... You need to try the crane games there.
I've actually won things at other round ones.
I'm gonna... I've won one there, too.
I won a shark one time, but I wanted a stupid cat that was big.
And, of course, they're not gonna let that go away free.
So, like, I picked up the thing that you're supposed to pick up, like, five times in a row, and it's like, each time, nah.
Nah, I'm not gonna grip it hard enough because, you know, that's how the game's programmed.
I'm going to combine the crane idea with something that DarkSakura just said about dollar bills.
And I think next Daddy's Day, Loki, we're going to take you to a drag brunch to celebrate.
I think that'll be the thing.
Hey, guess what?
Speaking of which, they're going to be doing a drag brunch at my work.
Are they really?
That's wild.
Oh, because Pride season.
For Pride Month.
Oh, that's cute.
And I'm going, the thing is, is that I know the main show queen.
Mm-hmm.
It's our local owner of clubs tearing through you.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've seen them perform before.
Okay.
But I wish, though, that my other friends were performing.
It would be funny just to go like, so now you know where I work.
I feel like I
DarkSakura.com
Pod Culture in chat says, are round one closed?
Something else kind of like it is going into space.
I don't hear often about round ones closing.
I thought they were doing pretty well as an organization.
So I don't know if that's just, you know, an anomaly or what.
I'm very curious about that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I see reestablishing because they used to have a big office there.
I don't know if they have a small office, but I think they laid off a bunch of people and relocated.
But to hear that Nintendo's going to be doing the equivalent of what they have at the Rockefeller Center in San Francisco Union Square, I'm very excited about that.
So, very cool.
That'll be nice.
SSJ100Matt says, is there a queen named Bacon Galore out there?
If not, there should be.
Well, I don't think Loki would ever do Dragon his life, but if he did, he's got a name.
Oh, come on.
We have Petalettis.
you'd be surprised.
Pet is also a really good queen.
Bacon Galore could also be taking us a 420 name because it could be B-A-K-I-N Bacon Galore.
Anyway, so for my daddy's day, I went out with some friends today, my GPS gaming group, because today is actually a Pikmin Bloom 10,000 step day, so we were walking around doing that.
But we went out for Mexican, because we were like, what restaurant is not going to be bombarded today?
We're like, let's go to the Mexican joint, because usually the Mexican places in the AM are not super packed.
And we were right, and I got to have chilaquiles for breakfast.
Except the only problem when I eat chilaquiles...
It's like my mouth turns red like I've dyed my beard and it looks like I fucking like ate strawberry shortcake alive or something.
Like my beard is just like swimming in red because of all the salsa.
I don't know.
I spent the day trying to forget it exists.
It's kind of a bad day for me.
I understand.
I understand.
But...
anyway all right let's get into some sorry Deft if I made you hungry all right SSJ100 Matt I love this throwing up drag names they're uh baking my bits baking my bits I like that I would see her I would who would play her I mean you know I have a drag name right uh it would be the same sister would it be the same as your nun name yeah have a kiki yeah
I told you, you know mine too.
Mine is Dale Satan.
Dale and then S-A-Y-T-O-N.
Dale Satan.
I think it's great.
My drag sister would be Gale Hydra.
I feel for like a drag name regarding begging, you have to fit Hormel in there somewhere just because it sounds like whore.
Oh my god, no, that's your name!
Hormel!
I wouldn't doubt if it's been done I mean we do we have Jenny Talia exists Dixie Normus exists I mean there's a there's some pretty fun ones out there but my favorite in the universe is Karen from Finance
who is an Australian queen that I got to meet a few years ago.
Now, if you really want to, no, hold on, hold on.
Now, if you really wanted to go like the 420 and bacon like combo there, you could do bacon blitz.
Okay.
Oh, bacon.
I get it.
I get it.
I can't hear the drag name Karen from Finance Now without hearing that new David Guetta song in my mind that goes, I need a man in finance.
Six foot five.
I need a man in finance.
Because I saw some TikTok with that song playing, but it was Tom Nook.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Well, I mean, there's just... Do you know that there is a Wikipedia article that's just called List of Drag Queens?
Oh, I'm sure.
Well, or every time there's a season of Drag Race coming, they have, like, all the... Somebody on Reddit, because Reddit, has found every drag queen in the country and, like, who stopped doing Instagram updates as of a certain date.
Oh, jeez.
That's how they figure out who's on Drag Race.
So anyway, all right.
A lot of unserious topics tonight, but let's be real.
It's been a little bit of a lighter Newsweek because we had a pretty heavy Newsweek last week.
So, you know, all the announcements came out and now it's just, you know, leftovers and all that stuff.
So let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which does that because believe it or not, it is a video gaming show occasionally.
And we're going to get into some stories starting off with this one, Loki.
I swear, I see these advertisements on Facebook all the time talking about class action lawsuit against Valve, class action lawsuit against Humble Bundle.
Or Nintendo.
Why would I want to sue them?
They've offered me lots of games for dirt cheap.
What possibly could I gain from this?
People love money.
Yeah, I mean, for sure.
So there is a class action lawsuit in the UK regarding essentially saying that there's
price parity obligations with listing your games on Steam, which is true.
That is a thing that actually happens.
I know myself and Aaron have dealt with that regarding, like, for example, if you put a game on sale someplace else, like, say, Itch or something like that, you have to also put it on sale in...
Steam.
So they're saying, well, you know, well, this platform, if it takes less of a cut and you want to lower the price of the game so that because, you know, they all take a 30% cut, you can't because Valve is going to want you to lower the price there.
And so because of that class action lawsuit, right?
I think it's dumb.
Like, honestly, they're trying to sue them for $838 million over these price restrictions.
cool, good luck I mean, I think it's ridiculous Valve has a really nice marketplace with Steam I mean, certainly there are other options when it comes to competitive pricing and stuff like that, I don't know
It's stupid Amazon does the same thing though, I thought they were infamous for doing the same thing So, I mean, I'm not saying maybe this type of corporate behavior shouldn't be explored I think there is something to it, although I would think this would be Well, okay, I'm sorry, this is the publishers, or the makers of the games, right?
It would be the publishers, yeah Sorry, you planted something in my head talking about the Facebook thing I was like, wait a minute, wait a minute, yeah
Well, I mean, maybe, because it could be in the sense that they feel that the consumers are due money back because it was cheaper or it could have been cheaper.
Like, hypothetically, I don't know.
It seems ridiculous.
But according to this, they're saying that the company has overcharged 14 million British customers.
is what they're throwing that out there because of these price parity obligations companies who hold a dominant position in the market are not allowed to charge excessive or anti-competitive prices I don't think that they do they also cannot impose other unfair trading conditions that prevent or hinder others from competing with them
I'm fine with these types of agreements being looked at legally.
I think that's a healthy thing to do.
But I just think the whole prospect of, and people will make money and profit off it, I think that's a little bit of a silly lost cause.
I think it would be something, and I mean, let's be real anyway.
Any money that's made, these lawyers are just going to eat up anyway.
So I think realistically, the best you can hope for is that the rules would change moving forward, resulting in a more competitive and hopefully better type of marketplace for everybody.
Yeah.
Okay, let's just use this logic though here of the marketplace charging 30%.
Let's just flip it on its tail and go after the publishers now.
So essentially, if you think about it, publishers that make games, or publish games I should say, they have a markup in there for retail.
So they go out to retail and they mark up their games like, I think it was like 30% or so.
So essentially...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
but now games are being sold digitally so technically that margin that they were giving retail is not really needed by these first party publishers so are they overcharging their customers I mean yes they are but are they overcharging their customers you can make the same argument there as well because they're selling their games first party or they're selling their games through like Sony's marketplace or something like that but still having that same markup in there you know not necessarily I don't think anybody's
some people might reduce the cost of their game based off of the percentage that they're making from there but I mean if it's an indie studio honestly I would think that they would be just enjoying that extra bit of a margin on their games because games don't have a huge margin anyways even digitally especially for indie studios where you're not really selling tons and tons and tons of
I don't know.
Well, I do feel like ultimately this ends up going nowhere.
I think this ends up going exactly the route of a lot of those things you see on Facebook and it's going nowhere.
But it is an interesting question for the industry to ask itself.
Could these sorts of deals end up hurting things?
I don't know.
some comments in chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network S2100 Matt says so the payout will be 20 euro for everyone yeah 20 euro to split amongst the million people in the lawsuit yes that's how these things tend to work yeah it'll be like that and then the lawyers will actually take that 20 they'll take 19 of those 20 euro up front so it'll be one steam key for World of Goo that you have like 50 copies of already yay
Except World of Goo is actually kind of a good game, but I think everybody probably owns it through one way or another.
It's been in like every Humble Bundle ever made.
Yeah, that's funny.
All right.
Yeah, Super Meat Boy.
There you go.
Free Steam keys for World of Goo, Super Meat Boy, and VVVVV.
Uh, let's get into how was your gaming week?
I would crack up if somebody's been playing one of those games this week.
We'll see.
Uh, every week we talk about the games we've been playing this week.
Uh, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Alright, um, I played, um, Baldur's Gate 3 quite a bit.
Um, I basically just had this wild urge just to have Astarion separate from the rest of the group and rob everyone blind.
I kept making safe states to see all this shit I could steal.
It was pretty funny.
There's that part where you're given the wyvern poison and I stole it first.
So it was pretty funny.
I, of course, played Dead by Daylight.
Normally, last night I would have played Castlevania Symphony of the Night, but I wanted to do the...
Um, the event.
Oh yeah, I need to play that.
So, and if anyone is in my Discord, which I keep a lock on, but I do have posted all of the codes that have come out, and there are a lot of them, and if you want them in an easy-to-find place, you can also look at Polyester's last couple of videos on YouTube.
Hmm.
but um there there's a bunch of uh those little stickers you know that go with your banner the charm not like like a real charm I mean there are the charms too but they've renewed all of the uh pride flags and added a few more um they're like they also did the year four and year five anniversary crowns if you do party hats 24 there's some uh I like this one dndbd20
It's to get a Mimic and a D20.
Oh, that's cute.
But do you get the pun?
You have D&D, we have DBD, and then we have D20.
Yep.
Oh, that's cute.
Also, my favorite one, though, it gives you 129,415 blood points, and it's, what is a man?
A miserable little pile of secrets.
Has somebody tried that code?
What?
I doubt it but you know there's also like Proud David, Proud Susie, 100k Slay, Intersectionality Yay so I mean there's really um the new flags that they've put up this year are um they did the Polly flag, the Demi flag, the Arrow flag, the Two Spirit flag um uh there is also the uh
Oh, the pan flag is still up.
There's a polyamory flag.
They did a bunch of the flags and made them available for everybody.
And then there's also those little stickers for it as well.
So...
Yeah, if you're playing DVD, go look for those codes.
It's absolutely, they're doing lots of stuff.
And plus, I played the new thing, and everyone's like, oh, the killers are being stinky.
They're being stinky.
Yeah, we had some stinkies, but we also had some people who were just farming the tomes.
And that was fun.
Our last game of the night was, and I am going to steal a term, a cumagorgon.
The demogorgon covered in the white shit.
Yeah.
Disgusting.
For people who don't know, I'm just saying.
Yeah.
But it was being a very good boy and we were helping them get their hooks and we were getting our achievements done and just having fun running around.
Those are my favorite kind of games, especially after you've had some kind of stinky super comp games.
These are just, you know, it was a good one to end on.
You should be proud of me, Jamie.
I played one game of Dead by Daylight this week.
One.
I played a killer.
I did a ghosty match.
And I almost backed out because I saw there was a P100 in the lobby and I was like, oh god.
I know, I know.
And I got a 4K.
And on Haddonfield.
Thank you very much.
Did you see the kitty mask for Ghostface?
Oh yes, I won it.
I don't know why.
I've been very into playing Ghostface lately.
So...
Well, I have adapted Aestri, the elven bard, who is tall!
Aestri could probably go nose-to-nose with the Huntress.
They're that tall.
She is, I should say.
But she also switches out with a male body, too.
But elves are tall, so I guess it works out.
But I have not done Vecna yet.
But I really...
Enjoy going against a Vecna now, even though they can be kind of stinky, because it's super fun when you can get the hand in the eye of Vecna.
Yeah, the items are great.
Have you gotten the hand yet?
No, I haven't really played a lot, to be honest.
The hand is cool, because when you get the hand, you can basically, if you have a full health state, if you're at perfect health, you can go into a locker and sacrifice a health state to teleport to another locker.
Yeah, fun.
And then imagine me with my self-care and botany knowledge.
I'm like, boom, heal, boom, heal.
It was so much fun.
I loved it.
um and and the underground part for the new level is absolutely beautiful when you get to the um the astrology lab it's really beautiful I think that they they knocked it out of the park with this one even if they since you know did some pretty terrible things to loyal employees yeah all right um well that's it for your gaming week let's go to Loki your gaming week
So this week, I played mostly Minecraft, or I've been doing stuff in Minecraft.
We had our stream day yesterday, so that was fun.
Did a little bit of restocking shops and stuff.
I, like I said, went to round one today, so I played a few things there.
Not a whole ton.
I played more Groove Coaster, because I always have to play Groove Coaster.
I played a thing that they've added called Space Invader Games.
Giga B, I think?
It's like, uh... You know how they have the big Space Invader?
Now it's an even bigger Space Invader game.
Oh, good!
It's bigger and, like, widescreen and on, like, a projection thing now, and it's huge, and you play with, like...
I think there's like at least four players in that.
It's ridiculously huge.
So I tried that and then I played a Fast and Furious racing game which is also weird because it had like two widescreens that were stacked on top of each other so you have like a giant 4x3 screen almost that you played on.
Interesting.
I don't know.
And then yeah the crane game that wouldn't give me a stupid cat.
Yeah.
and I wasted a lot of money doing that.
I knew it was a waste of money, but whatever.
Well, I hope you still had a good day around one.
Yeah, well, they've added Dance Maniacs is there now.
Or not Dance Maniacs.
Dance Step Maniacs.
Sorry, I always get the names confused.
Oh, that's right.
I did hear they were getting one of those.
Step Maniacs is there.
They have like, was it Beat Mania 31 or something?
I don't know.
I lost count.
I can't keep track of it.
They have a DDR Gold Cab there now and an
Ace, like another non-gold cab, like Ace 3 or something like that.
Well, you know that world is rolling out now.
I've seen some posts on socials about that.
Hopefully, we'll get it since we have a gold cab, right?
Does that mean, because I think that's gum in the gold cabs.
Wish we had Dance Rush, but we don't.
Do they have Pump?
No, they've had Pump it up.
They kind of moved, they moved things around a little bit.
They kind of like packed it even, you know, pushed it more into the corner a little bit.
All right.
All right.
For my gaming week, honestly, it's been most of the same stuff I usually talk about.
Diablo 4, just making progress on the latest season.
There's an XP buff right now, so I'm trying to make the most of it.
So I've gotten past level 50.
I think I'm all the way up to 62 at this point.
So I'll probably keep playing after the show tonight and throughout the week, because that buff is only through the 20th.
So I only have a few more days to make as much use out of it as I can.
Um, but I'm playing a sorcerer right now.
I switched to a ball lightning build and they are, which is a very, it's almost a mean build at this point because it's pretty powerful for sorcerers.
It is a lot of fun and very satisfying.
My biggest problem with it right now is my mana regen is not quite there.
So I pretty much always have to pop a resource potion to make myself like not constantly run out of mana, but, um, it's working, you know, and as I level up and make my way around the Paragon grid, the mana regen will get better.
So, um, yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you think I'm insufferable talking about the same games now, just wait.
There's going to be Final Fantasy XIV and nothing but for a few weeks.
And then still a little World of Warcraft Mists of Pandaria remix.
I think I did a stream of that actually on Monday for a little bit because Shane was able to play with me for a bit.
So we did some of that.
and that was still fun but for me that's probably going to be winding down when Dawn Trail comes out but it was I had a lot of fun and I hope WoW does something similar like that in the future to be honest but for the rest of you who know that your summer is going to get lost to Final Fantasy XIV that event still has another like 60 days in it so I think it's
I think it goes right up until the next WoW expansion launches or maybe like the week before to help your characters because it's the easiest way to level up an alt right now like if you're buying a boost right now in World of Warcraft apologies but you're a fool right now because that Pandaria remix you can do the same thing very fast so now's the time to level all those alts if you're interested in that WoW expansion which I'll play at some point but it's not
Fortnite Fortnite Fortnite Fortnite
Forknife.
Lego Fortnite is getting some updates soon, so they're adding some more difficulty modes, kind of going in both directions with that.
So they have a cozy mode that they're going to add that kind of walks players through the game.
Oh, Bobby Blackwolf mode!
Yay!
Yeah, and then it makes the enemies easier, it takes out some of the survival elements like hunger, temperature, stamina, friendly fire, that type of stuff.
Oh, Bobby's installing Forknife as we speak.
and then on the opposite end of the spectrum there they have expert mode which also makes everything a lot harder and enables permadeath mode Bobby is uninstalling fork knife as we speak yes
and then there's also a new totem of return item that will allow you to respawn back at your bed with your backpack and you have to unlock the recipe in the game to get that.
Sounds like the totem of undying in Minecraft.
You haven't really messed around with LEGO Fortnite, have you?
No, I have not.
I just want the sets.
I want to build this stuff.
You just want those actual LEGO sets to come out?
Yeah, I want the LEGO sets.
That will absolutely be a thing, I'm sure.
It will be a thing at some point, yeah.
Eventually.
I think it's actually really fun.
I've played it a little bit.
It's a fun little game.
I think it's a really...
I really appreciate that Fortnite is, you know, we've talked about this on the show in depth, I won't bore us again, but I like that Fortnite is more than just Battle Royale at this point.
There's other interesting modes in it.
yeah it's pretty cool to see what they're doing with that I would like to see more I mean I know that they have their kind of like different tiers like one of them being a chorus so we'll get into here uh you know the music side of the things with Fortnite Festival um but it'd be cool to see like other games that even made by external publishers kind of oh I'm sure that's highlighted as well well and um isn't isn't the racing mode done by an external publisher
I mean, yeah, technically it's one they own though, isn't it?
Because it's done by the folks that did Rocket League, which is their company.
I can't remember who bought who.
I knew Harmonix did the, which I know Epic infamously bought them, but yeah.
But yeah, Fortnite Festival is getting a Metallica crossover event.
Wow, times have changed, Metallica.
From suing people that download your music to
Being in Fortnite.
That's fun.
I don't think they liked how memed their Napster lawsuits became.
I don't know if they really like that they are forever associated with it at the same time you made your bad lie in it, but I feel like I've read these interviews where they actually get really irritated whenever the Napster shit is brought up at this point.
Well, it's just like they could have done something or nothing.
That's, I guess, an option as well.
But they had to, you know, charge forward with dumb shit.
And now they get treated like, you know, this.
So, I mean, it is well within the right to, you know, defend their copyright.
By all means, you know, you can do that.
Just pick your battles, I guess.
And then, you know, don't be upset when people associate you with that.
Mm-hmm.
Down the road.
Too fucking bad.
Sorry, don't care.
I mean, Barbra Streisand has a whole internet effect named after her, so... I mean...
You make poor choices that are monumentally disliked.
She probably had nothing to do with that.
She personally probably had nothing to do with that.
And that whole thing.
Probably her lawyers, her agents.
Lawyers here too.
But pick better lawyers than I guess.
So Fortnite is getting Metallica songs.
So they're going to be adding six new Metallica tracks to buy and play, including Enter Sandman, Fuel, Ride, The Lightning, and others.
and then also they're going to allow you to even access a premium track as well including Metallica's One as part of their festival pass and then even along with that they're going to be adding Metallica themed tracks and cars in the racing portion and in LEGO Fortnite LEGO versions of Metallica as well
So that's something.
Oh, and Holographic Metallica in the Battle Royale.
It's Metallica everywhere.
Cool.
Well, I mean, they're getting so old IRL, they've got to have these virtual versions that last forever, right?
Sure.
Sure.
All right.
Well, if Fortnite isn't of interest to you, maybe something that Ubisoft is putting together is of interest to you.
Like, you know, Prince of Persia, whenever that comes out, the Sands of Time remake.
All right, Ubisoft.
2026.
Yeah, right.
So Ubisoft Forward happened this week, and they gave some announcements and some updates on some things that they're working on.
So this is kind of in line with some other not E3 events we were talking about on last week's show.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Hey, at least they'll date that even if they won't date Beyond Good and Evil 2.
At least that one has a date.
So there you go.
Then they went into some more gameplay for Assassin's Creed Shadows which looks terrible.
Really?
It looks like Assassin's Creed.
What the terrible portion about it is the writing.
The dialogue that they had in game is not good.
It is like I was almost ready for them to go like...
Yo, let's go!
It was just about that cringe at this point.
It's not written well, is the problem.
And then also the music with it, too.
They have trap music along with it.
It just doesn't look good.
Alright, well, we also got an update on the City Builder series.
I'm going to pronounce this wrong because I've never played this.
Anno?
I was going to say Anno.
Uh, no.
So, uh, no.
117 Pax Romana is going to be the new entry that's going to be in the series.
You get to do the Ancient Roman Empire.
Yay.
PC, Xbox, PS5, all that good stuff.
Can't hate on this because this is actually a pretty rad Prince of Persia game.
The Lost Crown is going to be getting some DLC.
That's like the Metroidvania one that came out earlier this year.
There's actually a free content update that happened as well with some new outfits, amulets.
Some new platforming challenges called the Divine Trials.
And there's going to be some DLC coming.
Mask of Darkness is the name of the DLC.
It's dated for September.
The Prince of Persia, the Temple of Fire update is going to be adding content to the roguelike take on the franchise.
They hit early access earlier this year.
So, you know, if there is a genre, Ubisoft is willing to slap the Ubisoft name on, or excuse me, the...
Ubisoft is willing to slap the Prince of Persia name on it and have it sell more copies.
DarkSakura, you should be excited about this one.
Avatar Frontiers of Pandora, The Skybreaker.
Finally!
Story DLC coming to Avatar Frontiers of Pandora.
It is coming on July 16th and it's part of the game's season pass.
So I'm going to assume that is something DarkSakura will stream.
Which I already have because I got the Ultimate Edition.
Well, there you go.
You have more stuff to look forward to in July.
Well good, that means I can go back to streaming it.
X-Defiance Season 1 starts on July 2nd.
The game is in pre-season right now.
Again, a game I've never played.
Skull & Bones, this was the quadruple A title, if I remember right.
Season 2, the Chorus of Havoc is underway, and it's going to be new things to face off against.
The Brig, a new ship, limited time boat race events.
Fleet Management is coming soon, and then Season 3 will be called Into the Dragon's Wake.
Hope you all enjoy that.
The Crew Motor Fest Year 2 has a map.
A whole other year of content in the driving game that you're probably playing if you're into the crew because the original was shut down, as we've talked about a lot on this show.
But the Crew Motor Fest is still going with a whole second year of content.
And that was pretty much it.
But I mean, yeah, the new Star Wars game obviously has a lot of attention.
In fact, I noticed even in chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network, DarkDetsuya says the Star Wars game seems really cool.
And QuestBuster says, I'm hoping it'll be good.
I've always wanted an open world Star Wars game.
So yeah, I think, you know, there's a reason why they spent most of their time talking about that.
That's the one they want to drive pre-orders for.
It makes sense.
All right.
Did you watch that live, Loki?
I did.
I did.
Wow.
I was like...
I don't know the it was boring those yeah those company events they always have not been as good when they are after Sony and Microsoft because all the announcements end up in those and then they're just left with like updates and they don't it's very rare you might get like a uh indie-esque sort of reveal or something but that's that's it usually with that well I mean like I didn't
I mean, they didn't show Just Dance, so that's a positive, I guess.
Is there a Just Dance game coming out this year?
Probably.
I don't know.
I would assume so.
But they didn't do that.
But they still played music from all these other games.
And honestly, Skull & Bones, they're doing updates and stuff like that and talking about the big community and everything.
That game is trash.
It's absolute trash and it's awful.
And the gameplay is awful.
And the fact that they're putting all this DLC out there for it.
like I think I even some of the comments people were talking about they're like yeah that was a ship that they showed off initially that they cut from the game that they were bringing back to the game now and it I don't know I wouldn't I wouldn't spend any more time with that game if I were the folks playing that or that played that initially but
Star Wars looks okay certainly getting Far Cry vibes from it especially like when they're showing you targeting different enemies on the map like being able to spot them and then make them highlighted on the maps or in your HUD as you're playing and stuff so that it's kind of samey but it looks good I mean so at least there's that but yeah Skull and Bones stay away from that crap
I will point out so I had to research I was like where's Just Dance so Just Dance 2024 is actually the game that came out in 2023 so we would be looking for Just Dance 2025 but even the official Twitter account or just I was so desperate for information I went to Twitter uh even the official account there does not it's still promoting uh season three of Just Dance 2024 with a Katy Perry song and pretty much everything that I google is a bunch of clickbait like
Oh, my fan song list, fan made edition, fan guesses, release date guesses.
It's all that crap that, you know, is nothing to do with official news.
So we don't have official news on Just Dance 2025.
It could be something that they...
Talk about later, like, there's still Gamescom, and they're, you know, a French company, so... Or Nintendo Direct.
They often get tied with Nintendo, so it could be something they announce on Nintendo Direct.
Or Nintendo Direct, or it could just be, like... I could even see them... Because, like, honestly, like...
How much are they really improving with the gameplay for this?
It could just be one of those... It's the same thing, but it'll get much... Actually, that's a perfect example.
Sorry.
It's a perfect example of why... Do you remember when that Nintendo Direct leak was going around last week?
There's one of these every week, yes.
But I say one way you can always look at these things with a critical eye is that the leak lists often are always too good to be true.
I scroll back and forth, alright.
Just Dance VR, Welcome to Dance City.
Are they skipping a regular one to do a VR one?
I don't know.
That's coming to MetaQuest on October 15th.
So, I don't know.
There's still time.
It's not like we need to know.
If Gamescom and a Nintendo Direct go by and we still haven't heard, then that's the cause for the Just Dance fans to be concerned.
All does know you.
Yeah.
Just Dance Lore Just Dance Lore
Something going on.
Hey, I'm not going to mock the game.
You know what?
Like, to me, feeling, you know, I honestly, I would not want to mock a game like this because it feels like someone making fun of, like, Dance Dance Revolution or something like that.
I know.
I know.
Don't bite the hand that feeds.
No, exactly.
I'm not mocking the game itself.
I will mock their presentation of having the dancers out there to announce the game every year.
That is cringe.
And I will mock their aggressive monetization schemes in the game.
That I will mock as well.
That as well.
But, like, I would not... The game itself is solid.
It's a fun game.
I've played it, like,
I don't remember which one it was a long time ago, but it's fun.
It's still a fun game.
It's cool that there's rhythm in music games out there still.
I'm all willing to support that, but also Ubisoft with all their drama and mismanagement and stuff like that.
Do I want to get nasty grams this week?
Okay, fuck it.
I just want to remind everybody my birthday's coming up, so you're not allowed to send me, and it's Pride Month, so you're not allowed to send me hate mail.
I would argue Just Dance isn't really a rhythm game.
and the reason it's a learning choreography game.
It's a Simon Says choreography repetition game.
That's what it really is to me.
That's exactly what it is.
Thank you.
Kind of.
It's a choreography game because you're not really doing beat matching or anything like that and it's always the same thing over and over.
It's not necessarily there's so much interpretation.
Kind of like Parapara to be honest.
That's like Dance Central.
I love Dance Central.
That was a fun game.
Why would you say something so controversial yet so brave?
Thank you.
Alright.
That's an ally right there.
Alright.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura, how about sequels that we want to games, DarkSakura?
well how about something from Yacht Club Games how about a new Shovel Knight yes to that so it is in development they are working on
improving and innovating some of the mechanics but want it to be like a new adventure something that's going to actually add and contribute and expand on the universe they don't have everything ready to unveil yet but they say look for it
They keep hinting with this specific quote.
They keep saying that it will launch Subtle Knight into an entirely new dimension of gaming.
It's a 3D game.
It's going to be a 3D platformer.
I guarantee it.
Interesting.
Again, to me, all that is, if I have my Magic 8-Ball, and y'all know my predictions are decent sometimes, perfect Nintendo Direct announcement.
Perfect Nintendo Direct announcement.
Yeah.
Hmm.
They know what we want and it's not 3D.
What if they did a Shovel Knight game in the style of Mega Man Legends?
No, I want it to be a Shovel Knight game, not a Mega Man Legends game.
Show me a trailer.
I feel like I can't judge anything until I see a trailer.
Because maybe it's one of those 2D games that kind of flips into 3D or a 2D game rendered in 3D.
Show me a trailer.
Alright.
Moving on, Loki.
Alright.
Alright.
People are mad.
What?
People are mad?
I know, people are mad.
It's the same.
Gamers?
Mad?
No, no, it's a tale as old as time when it comes to Bethesda.
So, this week we had the Starfield creation toolkit, I believe, come out.
Allowing folks to essentially be able to create mods for Starfield, which is a good thing.
The bad thing is, you know, Bethesda being Bethesda and selling mods on their marketplace.
So, for example, one of the things they announced, I think this was the one at the Xbox event, was...
This special Trackers Alliance The Vulture, which was a bounty hunter event.
Essentially, it's like one mission that you could buy.
And it's $7.
But guess what?
You can only buy credits in $10 increments.
Great!
And then there's also other things you can buy for $10 including just some decorative elements to put in your spaceships and outposts or $3 worth of that kind of stuff for an in-game plushie So of course people have been review bombing this because they said putting mods behind a paywall is a big no for me Creators Club is a scam So yeah
People don't like it.
Alright.
uh well yeah I mean the whole concept of paid mods is interesting to me but I then I think I think back to like the CD-ROM era when CD-ROMs were all the rage and you remember like when you could buy Duke Nukem 3D on CD-ROM and it came with like 20 2800 different versions of Duke Nukem those are all mods that was kind of like a way of doing paid mods in a way um it feels like you know a different era yeah I don't know plus when you had so many
for one cost.
It felt like a deal, right?
Right, exactly.
Let's think about that.
Those were probably those discs.
I have purchased those discs before, and they were great.
It was essentially... This is back in the day when there wasn't a high-speed internet.
It was just all dial-up.
You can't just download... You could try to download these through AOL or something like that, but it would take...
forever and then storing it and stuff so they would sell map packs and you would pay like it was probably like 20 bucks maybe upwards of 50 dollars but you're getting like hundreds of maps and fast forward to 2024 where Bethesda is offering you one mission for seven dollars yeah like I'm sorry no inflation's not that bad
It's just stupid.
And I get it.
I get it.
Their excuse is like, well, we developed this in-house or we're allowing authors to sell their mods if they want.
I mean, that's cool.
I would just say don't buy these and just play other free mods.
Because there's other free mods that are out there.
Not everything is paid.
And you can...
you know, play the other stuff, like this is probably not worth it for $7 anyways, I guarantee that if it's a mission created by Bethesda, it's probably not worth it, their missions kind of suck sometimes especially in like Starfield where a lot of the stuff is really buggy or like we're talking about the Radiant missions that are just churning the same, oh collect this, go do this, go do that, you know, and it's kind of annoying, but I don't know, just vote with your wallet
apparently enough people voted with their wallet in Skyrim that they thought that this was a great idea or Fallout 76, I mean there's no modding in Fallout 76, well maybe there is but Fallout 4, you know I'm sure they have the same thing there where enough people buy it, they're going to do it again or they figure like, oh they're going to make us think about it now but if we keep it in here long enough they're just going to forget about it and go on to the next thing people that don't know better will plunk down the money yep
All right, well, Jamie, I know you have no problem plunking down the money for this game coming up.
I think you're excited about, right?
Oh, you have no idea.
I have been watching the trailers.
I've been watching the gameplay demonstrations.
I really have been looking forward to Dragon Age The Veil Guard for like some time.
the bit that they showed was like going to find Solas and stop what he was doing and the new characters are pretty cool I'd have to say it's definitely it's basically set in the Tevinter area which we've just heard of for a while and haven't really had much going on in that area
and it looks like a lot of the action is going right off of Inquisition so I like that.
The characters they've shown already are fantastic because of course we have Varric and we got to and Scout Harding is there and there's a mage named Nev who is absolutely fantastic.
She's just
She's the shit.
I'm just going to leave it that way.
I like the character.
It's really just like the dialogue going on in-game is good and it just really feels connected and live and not just nothing is happening while you're just running around.
It's very... The banter is great.
I mean, there's just like so much.
And it...
it does sort of like have a feel of watching like maybe a well not really like a mobile game but some of that same just sort of you know move from A to B to A to B just really fast but I think that I like it you know I'm looking forward to it they say it's going to be sometime fall of this year we'll see when that is
yeah i gotta say um you know i really enjoy the art style in this and i'm gonna admit like dragon age um was kind of a game that i'm i'm i've always been a little bit more meh on this series i enjoyed inquisition enough i wasn't as into it as i was say mass effect so when they announced this game you know and it's you know because what it went from being you know the next dragon age to being dragon age uh dread wolf
Yeah, Dread Wolf, and now it's the Veil Guard.
So, you know, I've been kind of like, meh, meh, meh.
And then even that trailer they put out was a little bit meh to me.
But now that I've seen this gameplay video, yeah, oh, this character's fierce as fuck.
Sorry, we're watching gameplay if you're live on Twitch.
I'm playing some of the trailer.
Yeah, she's fierce.
I like her.
But I just have to say, when I watch this, I really like the art style, and it is so fucking fluid.
That's what I really notice.
I'm like, is it really going to run this well on a PS5 or a Series X or a high-end computer?
Because damn.
On a computer, absolutely.
Yeah, with solid state drives and everything, maybe it is like, you know, being able to reduce loading time, just make everything so fluid.
But I'm like, this just looks bomb.
And like just the minimal combat I've seen with Rook and, you know, moving the swords around.
I'm like, that just looks really fun.
Like I, I would, this game went from being kind of a meh on my radar to being like, oh, fuck, I think I kind of want to play this real bad, actually.
Yeah.
I've been reading the comics ever since the first game there'd be the in-between comics there's some really good ones for post-Inquisition but I like that you can really tell in Varric and Harding looks kind of like the same as she always has but Varric looks like he does in the comics in the last series of comics that came out so they're keeping the character styles consistent throughout the entire franchise yeah
and that to me definitely means something.
I'd like to see some characters come back.
So apparently one of the a couple of the customization things is for one of them is customizing your Inquisitor
so I think it's going to be like an Inquisition where your Hawk from Dragon Age 2 came back I would love to of course even though his voice actor is a dick I would love to see Cullen come back I would love to see Alistair come back I want to see some of those old faces you know but I like when they bring them back and they're like
Oh, yay, they're here!
And not a, they're gonna take over the game!
You know?
It's not just, oh, it's a cameo in the background, but it plays into the game in a meaningful fashion.
That's the kind of...
you know what that Dragon Age gameplay thing has me even more hyped for now is whatever's coming next for Mass Effect because I'm like if Dragon Age looks that good like Mass Effect and they're going back to our universe with our Shepard apparently like I'm really excited about the next Mass Effect to be honest
I'm so glad I saved every last one of my damn save files I still have one float around on my Xbox because remember I played the trilogy originally on Xbox 360 I had those save file editors Was it Xbox 360 or Xbox One?
No, I think it was the 360 actually It was that long ago
I saved all the stuff for my old PC and my Parallels install when I was trying to play it.
I might actually have to see if Parallels will run better now and see if I can play some of the games again.
Apparently the old save editor worked at least for Mass Effect 2 and 3.
I'm talking about the remakes.
Oh yeah, you know, and I still need to really give the remakes a good try.
Like, I played a bit of the first one, but I really need to sit down and take the time.
But it's so hard when there's so many games that never quit.
No, no, I get it.
All right.
Well, you know, another company trying to get our attention with latest and greatest games, Capcom.
So Capcom recently did a fan survey.
It's been going on for a few months.
I thought we got some results.
Like, this feels a little repetitive to me because I was like, I thought we saw some results from this.
But the tweet is from this week where Capcom actually put out, here are the fan vote results of what the biggest...
Franchises are in various countries.
I think maybe this was, I think the other one was what franchise, that's what it was.
What franchises do you want to see come back?
And this one is what's like your favorite.
So for Japan, the results were number one, Monster Hunter.
Number two, Mega Man, Rockman.
Number three, Ace Attorney.
Resident Evil, Street Fighters, and Capcom Mega Man is still number 2
But then Devil May Cry is actually number three.
Monster Hunter is not until you get to number four, but I think we always knew that Monster Hunter was pretty big in Japan.
And then after that, you keep on going down the list.
Dino Crisis, Street Fighter.
That doesn't seem right.
That doesn't seem right.
The fans rigged the voting.
Street Fighter is number seven, which shows you how well received Street Fighter V was, I guess.
But
6 is pretty good, I thought, so I don't know Dino Crisis is not more popular than Street Fighter, I'm sorry At the same time It's just stupid It's a fucking fan poll and maybe we need to not read into it too seriously But it is interesting when the company itself endorses and kind of speaks on it So that's why I'm mentioning it
and you know I'm sure Capcom takes that stuff under under advisement it is nice to see Mega Man coming in at number two because it really shows that like we want more Mega Man games we haven't had one in a little while I mean we've had kind of re-releases and you know the Game Boy ones just showed up on the Nintendo you know archives and all that but yeah very curious to see if they end up doing another full Mega Man game all right let's move on Loki
All right.
Well, there's some updates coming to the PlayStation 5, including Discord support.
So now using your console, you're actually going to be able to connect directly to Discord, much like the Xbox platform has been able to do for a while now.
So, hey, cross-platform play Discord.
I mean, you're probably already doing it anyways, but now you can do it with your actual console.
So that's kind of cool.
Nice.
Yeah, they had some, but you had to go through your phone and all that complicated shit before, so it's nice that this is going to be directly built in.
It's long overdue, to be honest.
All right.
Well, this is an interesting sort of partnership that has occurred in the mobile space.
I don't know how many of you have ever heard of the app BeReal.
BeReal is an app that I think came out a couple years ago, and it's kind of like a Snapchat or an Instagram story, might be a better way to put it.
But at some point, I've never used it, but I've heard of other people using it.
At some point during the day, it says it's time to be real.
And you're supposed to snap a picture and your front and back cameras go off at the same time.
And you have like two minutes to respond to the toast pop up because it's supposed to be like, what is everybody doing exactly at this moment?
That's like undoctored, unposed.
You know, I think that's its way of kind of needling Instagram is that it's real, right?
Or whatever.
I bet it's not that real, but real enough, I guess.
So BeReal was huge, but there apparently are still a lot of people that are using it.
And a game publisher named Voodoo has bought them.
Voodoo is also in the mobile space.
They do free-to-play mobile titles that often have a lot of ads.
Probably the one you know the most is Hole.io.
It wasn't Donut County, which was the actual indie game, but there was Whole.io, which was the same concept.
The Whole.io, that's just such a nicely named name.
So much thought put into it, just as much thought as they stole the original concept.
Yeah, they took the whole concept and made it its own thing.
But anyway, what's that?
I said, of course they did.
Itself has kind of died down in popularity because what happened?
Instagram and TikTok made the same gimmick at some point.
So I don't know, but it's still going, I guess.
But yeah, Voodoo in talking about Be Real says there are 40 million active users, but that's not necessarily daily active users.
That's just probably people that haven't closed their accounts over the years.
So interesting kind of alliance there.
So with that, we will go to our next segment and travel back to a time when there was no mobile app alignment.
Your cameras did not take the quality pictures they take today.
It was a very different time.
Let's get to... Your camera attached to your Game Boy.
Yeah, it was a camera attached to your Game Boy with a shitty little printer.
Here we go.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick this week, DarkSakura?
I picked a game called Gunner's Heaven.
It was also known as Rapid Reload in Europe.
So the game, and I actually got the idea because Dan and I were watching some stuff on Gunstar Heroes and then this playthrough came up and I was like, oh, that's a neat one.
So it is a run and gun game that was created by Media.Vision and published by Sony for the PlayStation in Japan and Europe in 1995.
It was re-released on PSN in Japan in 2007 and in Asia in 2010.
it has been very much compared to Gunstar Heroes by Treasure you can choose to play either Axel the dude or Ruka the lady through six different levels and you can switch with four different weapons from a machine pistol, a flamethrower, a homing laser or a multi-directional cannon each character has their own set of four weapons so you can get a total of eight depending on who you're playing
you also have a grappling hook you can also do aiming by holding R2 on the controller you can throw your enemies in different directions just like how Red and Blue can in Gunstar Heroes
you have a point system in the game which you collect the points that are dropped by your enemies and then when you collect them you have a counter that increases and will start counting down the more that you collect the weapons will also become more powerful and then you can find a booster that will temporarily increase your weapon strength it's like
It's like the nuke of the game, but that timer is going to go back down again while you're using the booster.
There, like I said, was six stages, and there are one or two sub-bosses and then the true boss.
It was released in Europe and Japan, but not in North America.
The rumor is that Sony's thing against releasing 2D games for PlayStation in the US was the reasoning.
it got from Famicom it got a 26 wait, I can't make words happen, I swear Famicom Tsushin gave it a 26 out of 40
Hamitsu gave it a 27 out of 40 in the US Next Generation reviewed the Japanese version as an import and gave it a 4 out of 5 but it was a very enjoyable game and it really was well enjoyed but often said not as good as Gunstar Heroes
so it doesn't have the simultaneous two-player that Gunstar has and especially the PAL version was considered to be very sloppy the footage that we're watching is from the Japanese version but yeah it's a
It should have come out over here.
I really do feel that it should have.
I think it would have sold wonderfully.
But you can see, even just in some of the animation, the character style, that it looks not too far off than Gunstar Heroes.
It's a quick and short one, but I thought that it would be a good one to bring up and put on people's radars.
You can buy a copy for about $175.
Is that all?
Well, considering what the market is like now, that's practically a steal in some cases.
Yeah, I gotcha.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Rapid Reload or Gunner's Heaven that's it alright let's get back to it and we have just a few more segments for you and then we're you know what we don't have a lot of news stories left to be honest so if we you want to call in you can join our green room over at vognetwork.com slash discord and we'll check on our mailbag to participate at orange launch radio dot com first let's do some rapid fire news Loki
Well, they spend very much time waiting to implement mods into Doom based off of the new Doom trailer because now we have the Shield Saw.
So the Shield Saw is a mod that's for the original Doom that essentially replaces the Chainsaw with the Shield Saw model as seen in the Doom Dark Ages trailer.
And you can actually check that out.
They have a video online, you can check it out through, it shows like the first level of Doom 2, playing through that, and it looks awesome.
Also, they are, I don't know if they're doing anything else with that, they're actually modding levels and stuff, but yeah, it's neat.
DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura
Oh my gosh, okay, I just like completely misheard that.
Well, how about Parasol Stars, the story of Bubble Bobble 3?
That is going to be launching for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Switch on July 11th for 10 Bones or 10 Yettos.
9.99 US and 9.99 Euros There will be there actually are already pre-orders available for Switch on the Nintendo eShop with a 10% discount and it will be open for the Xbox family for July 19th PlayStation 5 and PS4 versions are available on PlayStation Store and it's
it's Parasol Stars don't know what else I can say about it it's cute and you have Parasols and you jump around and you defeat cute enemies yeah Parasol Stars and Rainbow Islands never get as much love as the original Bubble Bobble and they deserve it I love Parasol Stars they're great but Rainbow Islands to me is quite the different game with similar stuff I like Parasol Stars though fair
All right.
Well, I have a story for you, too, and it's about the Until Dawn movie adaptation.
And we know some of the cast that's going to be in the movie.
And it's nobody that was in the game.
So this is going to be a different cast of people all together.
and many more.
So that, or excuse me, Sitting in Bar with Cake.
So those are some of the people that have signed on to the movie.
The movie will be about eight young adults who have to get through the night because they are being hunted by a killer.
But I don't, I don't think
It's going to mirror the game.
It sounds like it is going to be like in the same universe, but it's not going to be like this person's playing this character, you know, from the game and so on and so on.
You might remember when the game was made, there were some pretty familiar faces in there, including Rami Malek was in the actual game.
Hayden Pantier, the girl from Heroes.
Hayden Pantier.
Yeah, was in that game as well.
So, yeah, they had some big names of the time there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Um, so yeah, cause you know, Hayden Pentonier, is that her name?
Was in Scream 6, you might remember.
She brought her character back and she's just, she's not a teenager anymore, which is, which is fine.
People age, right?
It happens, right?
But she's, you know, she's not a teenager anymore.
So, all right.
Uh, let's move on and check out world release dates and some games that are coming out, uh, in a country near you.
Let's start with the U.S.
So we have Still Wakes the Deep on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Echo Generations Midnight Edition on PC, I believe that's the Steam version, and Nintendo Switch.
Moonstone Island on Nintendo Switch.
Ever After Falls on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Mushoku Tensei Jobless Reincarnation Quest of Memories on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 Rusted Moss on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series
Scars of Mars on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Then, of course, the DLC for Elden Ring, Shadow of the Erdtree on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Times and Galaxy on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
And finally, the expansion for Elder Scrolls Online, Gold Road on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
I don't see PC on there.
That's weird.
No, I'm sorry, that's a Europe date sneaking its way onto my list.
So I think that is it for Japan next week.
Yep, that's it for the Switch.
But let's look at the PlayStation 5.
PlayStation 5 has that Mushoku Tensei Jobless Reincarnation Quest to Memories is out on the PlayStation 5, as is Rusted Moss.
But just those two games coming to PlayStation 5 this week in Japan, all on the 20th of June.
DarkSakura, how about Europe?
so for the UK on the 18th for PlayStation we have Still Wakes the Deep for PlayStation and Xbox we have Police Simulator Patrol Officers Gold Edition on the 20th for Switch Windstorm and Unexpected Arrival PlayStation we have Five Nights at Freddy's Help 102
We have on the 21st... Is that still this week?
I can't.
Yeah, it is.
Fight his way.
Okay.
We have Elden Ring, Shadow of the Urge Tree for PlayStation and Xbox.
I know my husband's excited about that one.
He's getting his character in Elden Ring all prepped for it, so...
I've had a lot of friends playing Elden Ring lately for the same reason.
It's going to get worse next week, but I get it.
I get it.
By the way, when I was going through the Japanese releases, DJ Ranma S in our chat over Twitch TV slash VOG Network said, Mushoku Tensei, that anime is so good, pointing out to another question in chat.
If you want to watch it, it is on Crunchyroll.
So...
There you go.
And DJ Ranma S knows his anime.
All right.
Well, with that, believe it or not, we've covered all the news we're going to cover this week.
It's been a little bit lighter in the news department.
I will, as always, of course, before we get to... I don't think we have any emails, but I'll check anyway.
I'll check with Loki, see if we have any last-minute stories.
Nope.
Nope.
Lighter week, isn't it?
DarkSakura, do we get any emails?
Participate at OrangeLunchRadio.com?
One.
One?
Oh, goody.
Okay, let's do it.
Alright, so this is from Mishi.
Hi y'all, it's your girl Mishi here.
I have a question for you all.
So I was watching the Ubisoft Forward and I noticed there was an interpreter for ASL.
There's also one on Disney, I believe, too.
My question is, since they used one during the presentation, do you think this will ever be implemented in video games as well?
I think it would be something cool to see used for, say, kids who can't read
yet well are those who are learning ASL.
What are your thoughts?
Always happy gaming and have a good one.
Sincerely, Michi Kintz.
I actually can answer some very significant questions about this.
Go for it.
First of all, the dialogue in game, they will usually provide the subtitles instead of having an interpreter because if you think about it, they would have to animate and render an interpreter to stay on screen.
It's not really going to be realistic.
It would be easier to have a person in the room with them signing as opposed to having a specific set of a character with skins and set animations and making it look believable.
On top of that too, a big component of ASL is facial expression.
And you can't gather that perfectly from
a 3D model you can get close but sometimes it's going to be lost and then on top of that you're also dealing with regional differences in ASL British ASL and American ASL for example are different so for example if you were saying in English the man jumped off the building in ASL you would set up the building first then establish the man and then have him fall off of it whereas British ASL to my sorry BSL to my memory
would set it up in standard sentence structure.
So you're dealing... My uncle's an interpreter, by the way, and a speech pathologist.
There are some, like Bobby was saying just now, where a character in-game may communicate in ASL, but having an interpretation...
Available non-stop, you know, like the little interpreter in the bottom of the screen that you see.
That's not going to be realistic.
I mean, unless a developer wants to take that initiative and make it happen.
I mean, I'm not going to say I don't want it to happen because I would love for something like that to happen.
And actually, I do want to point out, there is a recent game that did it.
And it was Forza Horizon 5.
So, Forza Horizon 5 actually did incorporate ASL, but it is, you know, and DarkSakura's pretty much outlined the reasons why you don't see it very often.
A developer really has to go out of their way to do it and put that support in there.
But yes, Forza Horizon is one, 5 specifically in recent memory, that did it.
All I can really find, I was trying to look for gameplay that showed it in action, and all I could really find was the Microsoft sizzle reel that kind of shows it in action, but they show a little bit about how that's kind of all working.
As you watch this video, it's, again, more them trying to promote it, but you do see some instances mixed in this video here where they actually, you can see what the sign language kind of looks like there.
Somebody's lying.
I said but.
Yeah, no, I know.
I was going to go into it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
Okay.
But at any rate, yeah.
But by the way, I'm sorry, just happy pride to this guy in the shirt that's signing bear.
I just want to say happy pride to the bear guy in the Forza Horizon 5 video and him only.
I'm down for that.
I'm down for that.
The other thing actually I want to throw in there too is regional sign language idioms.
Okay.
so there are those things too one of my favorite ones it's a fairly universal I'm gonna see if I can get my little avatar to do it it's gonna be hard is you're sitting one arm on top and the other arm on the bottom and you throw up horns on one and the other hand I can't get it to show up is doing like it's it's a sign for bullshit
One hand is pooping out and the other one is the horns on the head.
And they're together.
That one's one of my favorite ones.
Great question, though.
Yeah, that's a really good question.
Yeah, that's a really good question.
So, you know, and something the industry, yeah, I think DarkSakura, you give a lot of good, like, realistic sort of like, here's why it's hard to do and so forth.
But I think that's when you see a game like Forza Horizon 5 or Moss, you know, many people in the chat talking about that, too, that does that.
In a game, it just makes it all that much more like, wow, they really want to make sure their game is seen and played by as many people as possible.
It makes that very special.
And I think that on average, with some of the games that are released, they are intended for a certain age group that's expected to have a certain degree of literacy.
Mm-hmm.
so I'm just gonna throw that out there but but I think though that for certain other games though they would benefit for something like that you know especially if it's for the younger viewers younger players um speaking of oh go ahead I just think I wouldn't mind seeing something like that happen
Speaking of accessibility, I think I've brought this up on the show before, but I just want to make sure people know this now because we've been asked about this in the past, and it is something that used to be something that was prohibitively expensive, and that is transcripts of this program.
And can you have the ability to actually read through and see the words on the screen and all that of this program online?
which in the past has been very expensive to do because services would charge by the minute and so forth.
And again, I would love that if we had that type of income, if we had those sorts of investors behind us.
We don't.
We're operated out of our homes in our spare time.
We don't have that kind of budget.
But thanks to more modern tools, that is available.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
That is something that's available for those that want to venture through that.
And I think it's great.
I'm all for it.
So, yeah.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, now someone can read all about dying in a boat fire on an ocean of piss.
Yes, as I think we've compared certain game experiences to in the past.
What game was that?
We were saying.
There was also another one.
It's like pissing in an ocean of piss.
I remember that was a thing.
Anyway.
I have to search the transcripts.
All right.
Well, I think that's it for Lister Roundtable.
I want to call out, if you have an email for a future week, participate at orange.trader.com is the place to do it.
But with that, we're at the end of the show.
I know it's a little shorter tonight, but that's the way the news is, and that's fine.
We've had a few long episodes in the last couple weeks, so we're going to wrap it up for tonight.
Um, it's, uh
I don't know.
I don't have thoughts anymore.
I have one rollercoaster motion to the other followed by copious amounts of sleep.
Mood!
Lucky, because I slept maybe four hours on Friday night, but that's alright.
It happens.
But, you know, just I would love for just everyone to take one moment out of your day on any day and take it for yourself and tell yourself
that you are that you have a place and that you should always just understand that there's a place for everybody in the world okay alright bye bye have a good stream Loki you're up next what's your final thought for us tonight I think I've gotten to a point where I have so many games in the humble bundle I don't know what's in my library and what's not in my library and I wish there was an easy way to determine that
Mood.
And then my final thought is, guess what, everybody?
DJ Ranma S came through with me for a special request, so you're going to see that here momentarily.
So on that note, I hope you all have a very wonderful week, and we will be back in seven days to do this all over again.
Thank you all so much, and happy Daddy's Day to all of you.
Bye.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
