Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to talk about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Start your night now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends. Out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 910 of our show for tonight, April the 17th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts and not joining me tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
You might have heard last week she is taking this week off for her birthday.
So a happy birthday to DarkSakura even though it's actually in a couple days, but we'll still say it a little early.
Happy birthday DarkSakura who is currently on vacation in Southern California.
I think she gets to go to Disneyland and I'm not jealous or anything.
Not at Disneyland with me. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
No, I'm not at Disneyland.
No, you're not at Disneyland.
But you're in Star Wars something something in the game playing behind you tonight here on Twitch.
It's the Lego Star Wars Skywalker saga.
It is.
Like a Lego game which I still haven't gotten.
I've never actually played the Lego Star Wars games.
There's always the Lego Marvel and mainly the Lego Marvel stuff.
Why is that, Loki? Why are you hating?
I don't hate. It's just there's a lot of games and a lot of that stuff came out a long time ago before I started playing like the Lego games.
This one though is worth picking up though because it's everything.
So I probably will end up doing that.
Sounds good.
And I hear the combat's really good.
We do tape live of course every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks network twitch.tv slash VOG network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And our live chat always helps us get along through the show.
For example, SJ100Matt is saying, this is the broccoli farm.
There's no Disneyland here.
Checking an old OLR joke, a pre-pandemic OLR joke when Loki told his kids they were going to the broccoli farm and then they actually went to Disneyland.
I don't remember why you were lying to your kids, but you were.
I don't remember why because we want them to be surprised.
And they were very convinced that they were going to a broccoli farm.
Until we got like we got to the apartment that we were staying at and they were still convinced that they're going to a broccoli farm.
And then we're like, do you know where we are?
And they're like, no.
And like the house is like decorated and Disney stuff is like, well, where do you think we're really going?
Literally the batter horn is sticking out and the Disney fireworks are going off outside the window.
The Disney fireworks went off shortly afterwards.
Like if we had gotten there a little bit later, you know.
What?
It's the broccoli fireworks.
What are you talking about?
PodCulture in chat says, this is why there's a stock of broccoli in the show art.
That is true.
DarkSakura hit a lot of little site gags that are like show in gags in the art for the podcast.
And there is a stock of broccoli in there.
And it is a direct reference to Loki lying to his kids about the broccoli farm.
Was there any disappointment that there wasn't broccoli?
Because I'll say I'm one of those weirdos where I actually really like broccoli, especially with all the lifestyle changes I've made in the last six months or I've been losing weight and stuff.
You know, I will.
Maybe I'll eat a burger if I go to like, I don't know, Chili's or whatever, like chain restaurant.
I'll get a burger.
I'll still have that.
But instead of getting fries, I'll get a side of broccoli.
And I'm actually like kind of OK with that.
I mean, they're they're not fries, but they were disappointed.
But they were like they they were upset at first.
They're like, no, really?
We're really going to a broccoli farm.
Why would you do that?
Now, if you took me to a Brussels sprouts farm, I'd be pissed off, but why Brussels sprouts are amazing.
I only like them prepared like one way, and I'm sure it's the fattiest, most unhealthy way you can make them.
And then you put bacon all over it.
And that's the only way I eat Brussels sprouts.
Oh, so basically how I make them.
Yeah, you just it defeats the purpose.
Loki, it defeats me.
First, you take you take basically a whole package of bacon.
You cook it down and then you throw some olive oil on some Brussels sprouts, bake them,
and then you cook some onions and you toss it all together and pour a bunch of heavy cream over it and cheese.
And that's keto friendly.
It is. It is keto friendly.
I'm not technically on keto, but I'm like keto adjacent.
I'm low carb.
So, yeah, it's those types of stuff really work for me.
So, yeah.
Anyway, also happy Easter to those that celebrate.
But you can see I'm not doing anything tonight.
Loki's not doing anything tonight.
Did you do anything during the day?
Do you hide eggs for the kids or are we past that point?
No, we're past that.
They did eggs at my my youngest son's school.
OK, sort of.
And he didn't really care.
They got like a gift from the grandma like earlier in the week.
Yeah, I got to a certain point where I was just like, just give me a box of Peeps and some chocolate and I'll show.
And yes, I do like Peeps.
And you can take those memes.
How many times have I seen that meme posted my Facebook wall where it's like the only good way to eat Peeps and it's somebody throwing him in the trash?
I've seen that meme like 50 different ways.
Why don't you try the only way to write an original meme?
Because that ain't it, y'all.
So anyway, I like we went to we went to Funderland on Friday because they had both kids had Friday off, so I took it off as well.
So they went to Funderland, which is like a little teeny amusement park that's local that they have like carnival rides, I guess, you know, none of which are built for adults.
I can tell you that much, because I tried going on all this stuff and like it's so uncomfortable.
It's so so uncomfortable.
Like they had the teacup ride there and stuff, which is fine.
And I made my kids almost sick.
But it was just like, like I was just like scrunched in there.
Like there's no room for like two kids and a parent.
And then they had like this other one that was like this stagecoach ride that goes really fast.
It's like the revolution down in the beach boardwalk.
But like, it's just my son was getting squished against me and I was getting pushed against the restraint bar that they had.
It was just it was not fun.
It's not fun at all.
Play me a golf afterwards.
So that was fun.
The stream and chat says I'm eating coffee flavored peeps as we speak.
That sounds obviously I don't eat peeps anymore.
If you've been following the show, you know why.
But that sounds amazing.
I used to love the birthday cake ones.
Those are my favorite.
Bobby Blackwell says going to send Rob all the last week tonight segments on peeps.
Well, I'm going to send you the the clip from Billy on the street that asked, do gays care about John Oliver?
It's really funny.
Like none of them know who he is, even though John Oliver standing right there.
And then like you'll ask one of them, like, do you do you know, do you care about John Oliver?
They're like, no, who's that?
Do you care about Wendy Williams?
Oh, yeah, she's fierce.
It's great.
Look up that clip.
Somebody find me that clip and give it to Bobby.
It's Billy on the street.
Anyway.
All right.
We got to get into some actual video game news.
We're not just here to talk about pop culture.
It just happens.
We're going to talk about video game news and what the future of gaming might look like.
Well, it's not necessarily the future full of NFTs and ads.
Right, Loki?
Well, it's it's not full of it.
Yeah, I mean, they're trying with the NFT stuff.
So ads, I guess.
So there's a big deal, I guess, over this.
Tech that's being developed by Microsoft, I guess, but ads in games, like, does that really need to be developed?
Because I'm pretty sure that we've had ads in games for like the last couple of decades already.
Like, is this really new stuff?
Maybe not a couple of decades, but.
You know, we're almost two decades into ads in games.
Is that really new tech?
And we were really surprised by this.
I mean, I can remember like there being ads for the Scion in Crackdown, like, you know, it's a futuristic game and we're advertising the Scion.
Like, why?
Yeah.
Or maybe it's the Yaris.
But there was Yaris too.
Hey, there's some games that are just all ads.
There's a chuck wagon, Purina chuck wagon on the Atari 2600 that caused the video game crash much more than ET did.
But I digress.
Well, there's also like there's examples of like Advanced Warfighter two and stuff like that called it a game that has ads in it.
I'm pretty sure there's been lots of games where they have art assets like billboards and stuff like that, where there's an ad inside of it.
I mean.
You're you're going to hear people complaining about it because I know, like, especially with like Madden, where people feel like they're kind of ripped off in the game in the first place.
And they have like full like actual video advertisements and commercials in there because it's more authentic, you know, to the viewing experience or something like that.
But really, it's just another cash grab.
Let me let me get into some comments from chat because chat is wanting to tell you why you're wrong, which they are want to do.
So let me get into this.
So Bobby Blackwell in chat says it's more the delivery network of having new ads and already released game and the profit sharing.
You're talking about ads baked into games.
This is literally about new ads being injected into already released games.
And that's true.
And Matt says it's not new tech at all.
The delivery system is what's different.
Also, Microsoft willing to share the revenue from said ads with the devs for the free to play games.
I actually you know what?
I completely understand that, you know, technically this article and why it's coming up is about everything that's chat pointing out.
I could still look at all that and say, I kind of feel like Loki has a point.
Why is this everywhere this week?
You know, it is the show where, you know, gamers have a voice and what gamers are talking about.
And people are talking about this article this week.
And even I had that reaction.
I mean, I realize it's about, you know, trying to buffer.
And I think I think also what I really think it is, it's a way to help Microsoft make additional money off of Game Pass.
But I'll get into that because I know those games are not technically free, but I'll get into that later.
Well, it's if they want to have like a methodology, like they could basically say, hey, you know, existing developers, if you want to put ads into your games, you can a little bit easier, like kind of a API to do that or framework to do that.
That's fine.
But I was going to say, but I was saying, Loki, I think to your point and to your credit, your reaction to this whole thing is like we've been getting ads for forever.
We've been conditioned to this for a while.
Like, it's weird that this conversation is such a big deal.
I don't have a problem with them putting at like a billboard or something in a game, as long as it's not immersion breaking, putting ads in games.
If it's if it's really, you know, there's different levels of advertising in game, right?
There's like, you know, more immersive ways of doing it, like maybe in a sports game or something like that where you have like billboards in the background that have sponsors or advertisers there.
Then there's what Capcom did with the Street Fighter stuff where they plaster brands all over like the characters.
And then there's also, you know, possible ways that are immersion breaking where we have stuff that's just in these games.
I mean, are we talking about like, it depends on how they implement it.
And if there is a variety of ways they can implement it, people are going to express their dislike of it if it's really obtrusive.
So is that like, like happened with Street Fighter five, when they had those ads before the match that would be like this match is brought to you by the Street Fighter tournament.
You know, and it's a lot of in house stuff, too, which was really odd.
So yeah, that stuff was a little weird.
But it's a weird thing where I think we're kind of looking at this announcement about okay, yeah, great.
They're looking at how to get the ads and the already existing games.
They're looking at having some of the profit sharing to encourage more people to make free games for Xbox.
Okay, okay. Yeah, I get all that.
But it's, it's kind of about like, because it's free games, and these are free games we're talking about, I don't think too many of us take issues with it right now.
Like we expect that nothing in this world is completely free, and that there's probably going to be some ads in free games.
And if there are more immersive type of ads that don't interrupt the game, then that's actually a good thing, I think.
Yeah, but you know, they're not going to put it in free games.
They, you know, sure, it would be probably accepted in free games.
But you know that these developers that are these publishers that are looking to put this stuff in there, they're going to put it in paid games.
Well, that's where people have a problem with.
And to my next point, I think and again, I have I have nothing to base this off of there is nothing rooted in fact about this next statement.
I'm completely willing to admit that.
However, sometimes we like to make bold predictions here on OLR.
And mine is that it is that Microsoft is probably going to start using this in some game pass related games as well.
And you might be thinking, wait a minute, I already pay a sub for game pass, why would I start getting ads in games?
Well, number one, if they're not that intrusive, and they're being designed this way, so that they are on incidental billboards, and they're in sports games, and all this stuff.
Is it going to be that big of a deal?
But I think also is that, you know, another story that's going around on the blogs and stuff this week is that game pass can only really substantiate this model without increasing their price for so long, that either a price increase is going to come, or Microsoft has to look to offset some of the losses and so forth in other ways.
And I think maybe subtle advertising in some of their games could be a way to do that.
Again, I am making that up, but I could absolutely see and I think you'd be remiss not to say you could also see how they get from this point to it being a part of game pass in the future as well.
Now, my question is, would that piss you off?
If the ads were subtle, and they're billboards, sports arena things, and that's what advertising and game pass games piss you off?
It could if if if they're still going to be putting advertisements everywhere. So not necessarily just in games, but in the menus in in the actual Xbox, like marketplace.
Because right now, like for example, with like windows and stuff, you can get these different ad tiles or whatever in there will advertise different features.
They're talking about adding ads to windows for different things. So if they start plastering ads in the console UI, you know, if they put it in the games all over the place, if it's really obtrusive, then yeah, I'll be a little bit angry at it.
But most of the time, unfortunately, right now, I'm not really playing anything on my Xbox. So it doesn't really make a difference.
I was gonna say, I don't know if you're reading what's currently hot, but like, or you're making a commentary on what's currently happening, but like, there's already ads on the Xbox UI.
Right? Yeah, I understand that. Okay, we're taking like, if you're putting it there, other places like, well, listen, I've already paid, you know, I'm paying for these games, you know, I understand the games pass, whatever, you know, they're charging, whatever it is, but technically, you're paying for something.
And even if you bought a game, like an actual physical release, you know, it'd be kind of annoying that, like later on, we're patching in advertisements into my game that I already paid for. Like, I get it that you have to maintain servers or whatever the case may be. But it's just it seems like it's another cash grab.
I mean, that's what it is. They're trying to make additional revenue for stuff. But like, who's to say you have to have like, these huge budget games like to be profitable? I mean, there are other ways to be profitable with these games without having to just shove ads everywhere. But it right now, this is all speculation, because we don't know how they're going to implement it. And I'm pretty sure they're not gonna do it a way to piss off everybody. So we'll just have to wait and see what happens. Yeah.
Um, now bonds double six and chat says if the ads break the game flow completely stop what you're doing just a TV commercial break just as the killer identity was to be revealed. Well, you know what you make me think about is one of my top pet peeves on Twitch. And I'm sorry, because this might apply to some of you that are watching, but I'm gonna as a friend, I'm going to tell you that that shirt is ugly on you. And this is what I'm going to tell you.
If you're running those Twitch ads that run every 20 to 30 minutes, like just in the middle of somebody watching your stream, nothing will get me to stop watching your stream faster. Because those things are always timed, right? It's about some big game action thing is going on. Note, there is a huge difference between that and the types of ads that I don't care about, which is, I'm getting up to go poop.
I'm gonna run an ad while I'm in the restroom, or I'm getting up to stretch and hydrate. I'll be back in a minute. Here's an ad while I'm gone. I don't care about that, because they're not going to interrupt key parts of the gameplay that are going on. When you're running those ads that are just 2030 minutes. That is laziness. That is laziness, in my opinion, laziness, to make money that you're not really getting enough to make it worth what you're doing to the audience.
Yeah, I had someone I was watching earlier this week when they were talking about like some new updates to Minecraft and stuff. And they were showing off some actually, the stream had just began. And I had already gone through ads already to get to the stream. And then like five minutes later, right as we're getting to like the good part, then it's like, Oh, we're gonna do five ads in a row ad break while you know, everything's going on. So I'm like completely missing what I came to watch.
Which is annoying, but I don't think it was necessarily this person's fault. I don't think they triggered it. But it's just, you know, twitches timing, I guess. All right.
Anyway, up next, we're gonna get to our gaming week. But first, let's run an ad. No, I'm just kidding. I'm not gonna do that to you. But I do want to point out that but not that we're doing that. But that behavior doesn't bother me as much because again, it's intentional. You know, I am taking a break from the content making to do the ad and then I'll get back to the content. And like my
non subscribers aren't going to miss anything. And see a Tiberian chat says, but what if you have to go poo every 20 minutes, then number one, eat more fiber. Number two, literally, number two, is that at least again, it's an intentional break. And it's I mean, I might still get annoyed that like, I'm not seeing much. And it seems like I'm watching a lot of ads, but it's far less frustrating than, like, you're in the middle of an action. I'm watching a Dead by Fire.
I'm watching a Dead by Daylight stream. And I know people that do this in the Dead by Daylight Committee. Again, I'm calling you out. It's lazy in the dead. And it's like, wow, I just missed how this match ended. I see the killer got a 4k. I have no idea how that happened. Because I got a minute's worth of ads when that all went down and the slugging happened.
You just have to remember if you have to poop every 20 minutes, you just use the tag for Twitch. That's frequent pooper. And then they understand that that's what they're getting into in the stream.
All right, let's go back to the Microsoft comments on that whole thing. Questbuster says Microsoft might be able to find that balance between being aggressive with ads, or fit them where it works without feeling as if they're in your face, as with EA push short video ads into UFC four that led to huge backlash weeks after the game came out. Yeah, I think I think we all know that doesn't work. And I would hope again, with Phil Spencer at the helm of Microsoft, he knows better. And that's what he's going to do.
He knows better, and they generally know better. So anyway, let's see. And bonds double six says, as Loki says, it depends on the delivery of the ads. If the ads helped me to understand how to tune up my car in a racing game. Cool. If the ads give me updates to complete tasks, that's okay. You know, and ads are in all sorts of forms. You know, somebody brought up much earlier in the chat, I have to scroll up for this one. But somebody had mentioned, oh, Sean 322 said, if you played blades of steel on the NES, there were
Konami ads between periods advertising their games. One was a mini game for Gradius. You know, I never really thought of that as an ad. In a way, I mean, it was some really good cross promotion, that's for sure. I guess you could say it was an ad. But I think most of us, especially at that time, you know, in that era found that Gradius game to be that was baked into blades of steel to be kind of awesome.
It was kind of awesome. Like that now except you know, Namco was assholes and they decided to you know, patent minigames in games like that are loading screens or something like that. So we can't do that anymore.
Hmm. Um, let's see. And then somebody else as Joe and Hunter Matt said, we'll see flow from progressive skins in fortnight. Honestly, I kind of I kind of love it.
The spokesperson for progressive anymore because I think I saw a commercial and it's like a different they'd be like, gone with somebody else now.
I think it is somebody else now. And dark to see it does point out something I thought was a story about a year ago or so at the show saying actually, I believe that patent expired. I think the Namco patent did expire on the loading screens because I remember that whole thing came up again. Not that long ago. So food for thought. So um, yeah, Bobby is confirming that the mini game and loading screen patent expired a few years ago. So just in time for no more loading screens.
That just shows you how long it's been since Ridge racers come out.
All right. Let's see. And yeah, Bobby says there's a whole cast of spokespeople with flow is the leader. Well, I bet you flow is getting more expensive. And that's why they've had to divert they had to let flow know, I made you and I can break you just as easily. So they got more people to be spokespeople as well. So that flows rate doesn't get too high.
That's what it is. All right. Anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week with or without ads. Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all Minecraft. Again, actually, there's a lot of video editing is what it was. And so I got a new episode of my hardcore series out yesterday. Along with the Minecraft stuff, I had conversations with some folks earlier this week. And so there's gonna be some big stuff coming in the summer. So excited to announce more later.
Got a big collab coming.
My YouTube Minecraft career thing, I guess, if you will. But I really I was a big fan of these these guys before. So it'll be fun to kind of join with them and stuff. You know, gotta keep moving till we get to hermitcraft. So yeah, so they'll be probably starting this summer. So they haven't made an announcement yet regarding that, but they reached out to me first. And then they opened up applications for everybody else because they saw my content, they, they actually had people that voted for me, and they were like, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I
don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Yeah, it's it's a really it's a different type of SMB too. It's more it's it's more like story
driven, I guess like they're like super organized. They've got like writers, they have a voice actor
that's basically the main narrator kind of he plays a character in the actual game, but doesn't
he's not actually playing Minecraft that character. But he's kind of like the narrator,
the head person that kind of keeps the story going. And then everybody has does their own
thing. But then they kind of work together to keep moving the story along, which is really cool.
So for you, and you're the current people you're with, if they really care about you,
they're gonna understand completely that I'm, I'm not leaving them. I'm gonna be doing both.
Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say the collab might actually be welcomed, you know?
No, no, no. Yeah. So I'm doing both for this season, because one, I'm still running our
server. So I can't really leave, you know, it's like, I'm sorry, but I would I never want to
leave mid season for anything. Anyways, you know, I want to finish what I'm doing. So what I'll
probably end up doing is since that's in the summer, by then, I'm sure my hardcore series
will be wrapped up and should be able to swing both that way. Or if I need to dedicate more time
to one or the other. By the time we get to summer anyways, like I'm gonna be out of like pretty
close to being out of things to build anyways, like I have a lot of projects going on. But like,
it's gonna get to a point where this is a very long season. So I'm just gonna run out of stuff
gonna kind of run out steam there. But I'll find stuff to work with. And it's been kind of slow
going, like we've had several people out this season. There's like, we got another confirmation,
there's somebody that's not going to play anymore on this season, because they're having a kid,
which is understandable. But it's unfortunate, like, like half the people are missing. And then
the other half, we had what my the guys partnering with me right now, he's finally come back on,
but I'm like pushing them to put out his first episode of the season that's been going for six
months now. Like, you know, whereas the other server, they're like, Okay, listen, you got to
release content once a month at the very minimum, you know, we want you to do more than that. You
have to be involved with all this stuff. And they have like a very strict guidelines and rules,
like just to make sure that everybody's focused and everybody's like excited and like engaging in
it. And that's, that's what I'm looking for is like, I need people to be engaged. And that's what
when they came to make their their SMP. It's they all came from servers where it kind of ran into
the same thing where it's like, okay, well, I'm motivated to make stuff, but there's like other
everybody else is kind of dropping off and doing something when they get it that like,
real life happens. But like, at the same time, you got to try to do what you can to just
push through and do stuff. I mean, you got to be, you're motivated to do it. And there's a lot of
folks that just aren't. So it's understandable. Neat. Very excited. Well, yeah, that's what's
coming later. Okay, awesome. I look forward to it very much. Okay, my gaming week. So I've been
playing Final Fantasy 14, which just got a patch update, and the 6.1 patch. And I've been enjoying
the new content and playing a little bit of the main scenario, I got to do the new dungeon,
which is pretty good. I have not done the raid content or the PvP yet. So I still have a lot
to explore. I got derailed from some of that I did a stream of 14 like the first night I was
playing it on Wednesday because I was doing something else on Tuesday, the actual patch
day so I can get to it till Wednesday. But then I got derailed because there was a no man's sky
update. And I know Loki will cover some of the specifics later on. But with the update is a new
twitch campaign with twitch drops. So I've been very motivated to stream no man's sky to help
people get twitch drops. So I got on that and the seasonal campaign there. So I've been enjoying
that and playing that as well. So Loki, I know you'll talk a little more about that update later
in the show. So I won't get into too many of the specifics, but it is something I've been playing.
The other big thing I should really talk about is kind of tangential to video games.
But on Friday night, Alan and I drove over to San Francisco and we went to the Symphony Hall
to see the San Francisco Symphony present distant worlds music from Final Fantasy,
which is the final fantasy symphonic show where Arnie Roth is the conductor and he's been with
this show for a very long time. I want to say he might have done the original dear friends in 2004.
If if memory serves me right, Bobby may be able to because he follows the symphony stuff a little
more than I do. He may be able to correct me there. But I know he's been a part of distant worlds
ever since they turned it into a touring show. Because you know, they did dear friends,
they did more friends, and then they turned it into like the touring show it is now
where like, you know, video games live sort of show that that model can be successful.
And distant worlds does their thing too. And I he said during the show, they've been touring it
with it since like 2007. And you know, they've been subbing different songs in and out and so
forth as you know, they go. And it was great. Like it was just nice to have a night out at the
symphony supporting the arts. It's not something you get to combine with the world of video games
that often. But I do feel like pop culture stuff is coming more and more to the symphony because
the symphony is realizing that, you know, younger Gen X, millennial, the later generations
are more interested in that sort of thing, I think, then maybe some of the more traditional
stuff that that usually funds the symphony. So it's nice when there's that kind of blend there.
So yeah, everything was great. My favorite performance that they did was they did a song
from 14. So of course, I'm a little biased, but they did Heaven's Word, they did the trailer
music and like the overture to Heaven's Word. And it has a solo opera singer that sings it in a very
high voice. And they actually had somebody doing that live and she nailed it like it was really,
really well done. So of course, I love that. And it was interesting to me how Final Fantasy 14 kind
of got the biggest crowd reaction, because he would Arnie Roth will kind of say like, this is
what we're gonna play next is what we're gonna do. And when he talked about 14, there was definitely
a lot louder applause from the crowd than maybe for any other game. Save for maybe seven. But and
of course, they played a lot from seven, because there was supposed to be my friend said he had
tickets for a Final Fantasy seven remake symphony that never happened because of COVID. It was timed
around that same time, and it ended up just not happening at all. So I feel like a few of the
pieces may have come over from that. Um, the setlist was interesting. There were some things
that they didn't do that surprised me like the opera from Final Fantasy six really wasn't there.
They had some of it in like another medley of Final Fantasy six stuff. But I was surprised that
wasn't a standalone thing anymore. But that just might take a lot of work and you have to have the
right singers to put it together and so forth. Um, Final Fantasy 13, absent. They referenced it in
the chocobo medley by showing a clip of the chocobo that lives in Saz's hair. That's it.
That was your Final Fantasy 13 representation. Final Fantasy 11, same thing in the chocobo medley
for a little bit. That's it. So those two games did kind of get crapped on. But
when you have a series with 15 games, and a two hour symphony, I understand some stuff's probably
going to get cut to the side. I was just surprised we had four songs from Final Fantasy seven,
which included some deep cuts and two songs from nine, which most other fantasy games
only really had one song. And then a real deep cut from Final Fantasy 15. I don't know if anyone
recognized the Final Fantasy 15 song. It was from the Ignis DLC, I believe at least that's what the
video led me to believe because it was all the Ignis solo stuff and then it showed the princess
and a character I didn't even recognize. So because I didn't play 15 past the base game,
to be honest. So I thought that was kind of a deep cut. But I understand 15 is the newest game too.
I would love to see a symphony that is around Final Fantasy 14. And I think the audience
reaction shows they'd be down for it too. And you know what a lot of 14 encompasses the earlier
games. I'm surprised they didn't do Final Fantasy three by doing the crystal tower
theme from Final Fantasy 14. That was they actually did a the standalone theme from three
though, which surprised me. Just because I thought Final Fantasy three was and I'm not talking about
six. I mean, three, the Japanese three. I thought that was a little bit of a deeper cut. So So yeah,
the only games that didn't get a solo piece were two 511 and 13 didn't have a solo piece. But
I sort of think five was really highlighted in the battle theme medley quite a bit. And I would
expect that two three and five would be the neglected ones because those were never released
in the US originally. Obviously, we got them eventually. But I think they have less of a
following than the other games because of the nature of how they were released. So but anyway,
I'm bitching a lot about the setlist. It's really not that big of a deal. Again, I understand 35
years of music something's got to give. I think they still did a great job. I think the San
Francisco Symphony and the choir, you know, they don't get to work with this music for a lot of
time because they're they're constantly putting on different shows. So the fact that they can really,
you know, do this music without probably a lot a lot of practice. I'm sure there was some but not
a lot a lot is really impressive. And so you know, kudos, I had a good time. And I would say if
Distant Worlds comes to your town, it's a it's a good night to support the arts, do something a
little different than you might usually do. And be in the good company of other nerds who like
Final Fantasy. So like that. Bobby Blackwell says they get one rehearsal three hours long.
That's union rules. That's incredible. That's that's barely enough time to run through the
whole thing. That's enough time to run through it all once. And then maybe iron out like the top
three rough spots. So that's pretty incredible. All right. I guess that's it for my gaming week.
That was pretty much the big thing I wanted to talk about. Oh, I did. I did go to a cute little
bar arcade in San Francisco. They have a little gamer bar in the Castro. It's right at the start
of the Castro kind of near I want to say like 17th and market. It's a place called detour.
And I never been there. I think it's been around for a few years. But because the pandemic and
everything, I haven't been there. But somebody actually offered to buy my table. So there was
like four of us at the table. They offered to buy us a game of Killer Queen. So they had somebody
to play against. And I must admit, I'd never played Killer Queen before. But it was very
obvious that because there was like only two of them, they weren't having fun playing it. So they
were like, we need more people to be able to play Killer Queen with. So they actually bought our
game. So I was able to actually play that a little bit. And a friend of our JD was with me,
and he had played because Killer Queens on the switch. So he'd played it and he was able to
explain it up so I could get the gist of what was going on. So that was fun. If you haven't played,
that's like a five on five game in the arcade. And there's like multiple ways to win. And it's just
it's just chaos, but it's fun, because it's so chaotic. So that was that was that, of course, I,
I may have allegedly had a few vodka diets at that point. So I was already feeling a little like,
video games. So yeah, I had a good time. So I bonds double six says yeah, Killer Queen needs
a five versus five to really enjoy it. We didn't have that. But we had like three on three. So it
kind of worked. It was fun enough, especially considering somebody else bought the games,
which was really kind. All right, uh, we will still be here with the show next week. Except
Loki will not be here next week. But Dark Sakura will be back. So and Loki talked about all that
last week. But yeah, he hasn't taken all the time off for all the fun reasons. Yes. So it's a
medical related thing. But it's it's a normal procedure. You'll be fine. But yeah, so we look
forward to welcoming you back in a couple weeks. So yep. All right. Let's move on and get into this
week's news. Probably a little less of it this week, just because I don't know if it's with
Easter and other holidays going on. It's slower, but I feel like there's less going on this week.
We'll talk about what's happening, including the latest in this this this story's just keeps on
this. This is turning into R Kelly's trapped in the closet. And I'm sorry, as I know,
he's a very problematic individual. But many people are very familiar with his opera. What is
it 2025 parts trapped in a closet. And I feel like the Activision Blizzard case is becoming
trapped in the closet. Loki, what happened this week?
It's like trapped in a drive thru, you know? Wow.
So apparently, there's accusations now that California is Governor Gavin Newsom has been
interfering with the ongoing DFEH investigation of Activision Blizzard. Apparently, he had fired
the top prosecutor for the case, or I should say the what was it the chief counsel was fired
by him. And then the assistant chief counsel had resigned in protest. They had alleged that he had
been his office had been repeatedly demanding advanced notice of litigation strategy and of
next steps in the litigation as if someone's feeding them the information. Also that they
started. Apparently, there's interference that the Newsom's office also said mimicked the interests
of Activision's counsel, protect, they tried to protect the agency's independence. So it's not
not a good allegation. That's for sure. I'm not really sure how much evidence there is in this.
But like, if it is true, then that's horrible. But you know, rich people tend to rub each other's
backs, you know, so if he's, you know, tied in with Bobby Kotick in any way, you know,
maybe, maybe that's why he's trying to make it go away, or I don't know, I don't know what they're
doing necessarily. But apparently, that there's, I guess, the office, of course, is claiming that
none of this is true. So maybe there'll be some sort of investigation into the investigation.
Which will just make everything take longer. That's interesting that that's the conclusion
people are arriving at is that maybe he's trying to stop the governor is trying to
lessen the investigation because there was I thought when I first heard this, it was the
other way around, that he was wanting to make sure that it was more aggressive, that he could then be
seen as a champion in his state for these sorts of, you know, the unions in the gaming industry,
find it. I don't know, it's interesting that there's two ways to look at it, right? Because
I thought it was the other way about it, like, honestly, because like, you know, for me, given
the opportunity for a politician to do something, you know, if it's like, such and such politician
was found to have, I'm going to assume that's going to be negative, because it's typically
always negative. You know, we always hear about like, insider trading, or spending taxpayer money
on nonsense, or, you know, well, my, my mind also goes to that, you know, the people that
district attorney or whoever that magically resigned in the New York case about the Trump
prosecution, and I know we're getting away from video games, but I'm trying to show you the common
denominator here is that, you know, I kind of thought, because you know, that all and it looks
like now that case is fizzling out, because of that all happening, that maybe that got Newsome's
attention wanting to make sure the same thing doesn't happen here in California, and was maybe
worried it was going down that road. That's just what I drew out of it. I mean, and again, we don't
know, it could it could very well be what you're saying as well, Loki, which would be disgusting.
And I'd be very, very upset with how much I've supported Newsome over the years to find out if
that was the case. Yeah, I don't know which way it is, but I don't like meddling either way.
I mean, just let it happen. Let let the, you know, look at the departments that are, you know,
meant to do this stuff. Take it do their jobs like you don't need to interfere with it.
As 200 mountain chat says there are some groups within the investors asking others to vote against
the Microsoft acquisition because Kotick is getting a payout. Fair. Fair concern. Absolutely.
I understand. So yeah, we'll have to see what develops. But I mean, hopefully this I mean,
it's going to slow the whole process down. But hopefully not too much. It's just interesting
that now it just involves the governor of all things on top of everything else. I mean, what
now when does the White House get involved? Because I feel like that's where it's going next.
It's just layers upon layers. Anyhow, in quite a bit less serious news, but back into the video
game world and things I think I'm kind of looking forward to Capcom arcade stadium is getting a
sequel. So there's going to be Capcom arcade second stadium. Now we'd already had hints that
this was happening because of like, I think it was a Korean ratings board leak or one of the rating
boards internationally leaked it. But it was confirmed by Capcom this week. 32 more classic
titles will be coming to the second Capcom arcade stadium. It has also confirmed this lineup will be
on switch PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC. And the free game in the list will be son son or son
son is the free game that's in the list. It's it's kind of a deep cut. I don't think it's a game
you're going to recognize right off the bat. But if you've played other Capcom collections over the
years, you might recognize the game. So and it's it's it's free. So check it out. So yeah, three
wonders is also getting a is also going to be a bonus in the Capcom fighting collection that was
confirmed in the same tweet by Capcom of Europe. So they're kind of, you know, teasing in advance
these upcoming releases. We don't know what else is going to be in the Capcom arcade stadium second
stadium yet. I would imagine maybe we'll find out a little more games calm seems to be a good time
to figure this out. Yes, so we'll see. Oh, good point. sj 100. Matt, I forgot about that. son son
is in MVC too. I forgot that that is a like a character in that. So awesome. Dr. Julia says the
second they confirm Black Tiger I'm putting down my pre order and that son son was in Capcom
collections one on PlayStation two. It wasn't it they had a big collection on PlayStation three as
well wasn't it in that? I don't know cap cap calm like Sega, like other companies tends to revisit
the retro catalog frequently but not that I mind Capcom's got a lot of great shit in the retro
catalog. The first arcade stadium was pretty cool. I'm looking forward to seeing what they put
together in the second. I'm a little surprised they didn't just expand the first stadium with
the additional titles. But I understand that maybe they need some different stuff in it to make it
work and all that. So wow, I didn't. Tada. I didn't you know what I just learned? If someone follows
my personal channel, the alert will still come through even though I'm broadcasting on fog.
So somebody must have just followed my personal channel. Well, thank you, whoever that was.
That's funny. All right. Anyhow, let's move on Loki. I talked about this earlier.
Yeah, so no man's sky got another update. So the outlaws update, which adds space pirates and
lots of other stuff. I know they had like solar sails and, you know, cool little expansions,
I think to your base and stuff. But some folks are complaining that maybe it's not exactly
as polished as they had hoped. There's apparently been instances where too many
pirates are attacking players. There's one person that was mentioning that they got
attacked by pirates six times in the course of 10 minutes. So maybe they need to dial that down a bit.
Well, I have some good news for you. They in the experimental build on steam,
which is kind of like their test, they have acknowledged that the pirates are spanning,
spawning too often. So they've toned that down. And the pirates no longer spawn in low
galaxy, low conflict galaxies, and they don't spawn while you're like underground. So they
have tried to cut it back a little bit. That's good. And then they've revamped the aerial combat.
Aerial combat. They have done a bunch of other updates as well. So
yeah, I mean, it looked really cool. I really need to go back and play it.
I think I downloaded it the other day in hopes to like play it at some point on this new PC. I know
it looked really pretty when I was watching you play it. And then of course, you know, everybody's
saying, well, you know, no man's sky is pretty awesome and stuff. But what's next for Hello
Games? And of course, Sean Murray is talking about his next project, which he says is pretty
ambitious. Similar to no man's sky. It's kind of a project that even if we had 1000 people working
on it, it seemed impossible. Stop hyping it up, dude. Stop didn't Kotaku write an article that
was basically Hey, Sean Murray, shut up, like shut up, like, that is a stop talking on Murray
from hyping up no man's sky successor. Yes, that he needs to learn the lesson like, you know,
tempered the expectations. I agree. I agree. But gamers also need to learn the lesson
to stop buying into so much fucking hype. At least, you know, Lacey has like some credit,
obviously, because you know, no man's sky is a great game that's constantly getting updates.
Oh, yeah, I'll be buying this new game, whatever, whatever it is. And I realized I could be opening
myself up for trouble. Whatever this game is, I will be buying it day one. Because of how much I
love no man's sky and what it's become now. The thing is, I was just like, he needs to give it
time. He needs to not rush it out. You know, I thankfully, hopefully that they can publish it
independently, not necessarily like being published by Sony or something like that.
So I think that may have had a little bit to do with, you know, pushing that out earlier than
it needed to be. But I'm hoping that he'll take his time released when it's ready. That type of
stuff. But I'm excited to see whatever he's working on next. Yeah, perhaps not the game
awards this year. Yeah, with my luck, the game will be man a sports or something at this point,
after I just said I'm buying it no matter what.
But I love no man's sky so much now. And it's so well supported. I can't imagine I won't buy
whatever they say is coming up next, whether that's no man's sky to I would be so into like
an adventure game. That's extremely open world type of thing like using the same procedural
generation. I think it will be procedural generation of some sort. But I don't think
it'll necessarily be space again. But it could be procedural generation on a planet,
like one world that you're exploring, like an entire world to question or something I could
be really exciting. I don't know. We'll see. I don't want to hype it up either. Like honestly,
I don't want to hype it up either or set my expectations. I look forward to whatever it is.
And honestly, I bought the last campfire, which I mean, Hello Games just published,
they didn't really have much to do with it otherwise. And it was cute. And I enjoyed it.
I even bought that just because I had Hello Games name on it. So and I wasn't disappointed. But I
also didn't, you know, drink the Kool Aid too much. You know, I'm not going to complain because
you all are following my personal channel. So keep it up. Honestly. This is the wild thing is,
here's the weird thing. It's not on that that whole like thing is not on this current scene.
So I don't know how that audio is leaking through. Because it shouldn't be anyway,
I need to go back and take lessons on how to broadcast apparently,
mute the audio source and OBS. It shouldn't even be a thing.
That's just weird. I'll have to figure it out later. Anyway, yeah. Um, I guess I'd have to.
The problem is I'm live with OLR. I would have to switch to my thing and mute it there. I don't
know. Anyway, I'm not going to worry about it. If we get random Windows 95 sounds playing during
the stream tonight. You know what? Worst things have happened around here at OLR after 910
episodes. So I will not I will not mind the accentuation of my points with a tada. So by
all means follow Rob Roberts on Twitch. And while you're at it, Loki OLR on YouTube.
And I suppose the sharpest shout out for dark soccer even though she's not here tonight
on Twitch. All right, uh, let's see. Um, the no man's sky update. The other thing I wanted to say
I um, I do like the update but I agree the pirates are way too over tuned and I wish there was a way
to play more passively. I don't like that they got harder in space with the shields.
And I just wish there was a way when you warp into a new system and they're fighting the frigate.
I wish you could just ignore it. And like not keep getting harassed about it because you could
just fly past it but it'll keep bothering you until you go kill those pirates. So that's the
part that I really need the team to iron out is like if I want to play pacifist, let me play
pacifist. And I don't mean creative mode. I don't mind a little bit of danger when it comes to
surviving on the planet and things of that sort. I just don't necessarily and fighting pirates when I
want to. I just don't necessarily want to do it all the time. So that's that's my only kind of
complaint. But I feel like some of the stuff is a little more limited to the fact that I'm in the
seasonal mode right now, the current expedition. And so maybe it's a little over tuned because the
pirates are the theme of the expedition. So there is that. So all right, moving on. What do we have
next? Let's talk about the auto renewal of premium subs on the various consoles. So you might remember
this because Microsoft went through this a few weeks ago, where they started to change some of
their rules around auto renewal and automatically canceling some people's Xbox Gold if they don't
touch it for two years. Well, interestingly enough, Sony and Nintendo are starting to do
similar things. Sony as of this week will bug PlayStation plus subscribers ahead of time before
the renewal occurs and instruct a user on how to cancel their service and they will not charge
users who are not using it. Nintendo will automatically turn off auto renewal at the time
of purchase instead of the default toggle of on, which is the default. Why is this all happening?
It could possibly be credited to the UK competitions and markets authority or CMA,
because they have been looking at the big three of Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo.
And Microsoft, of course, did their update in January. And now Sony and Nintendo are following
suit. The director of enforcement Michael Grenfell with the CMA said in a quote, today's
announcement therefore concludes our investigations into the online video gaming sector, companies and
other sectors, which offer subscriptions that auto renew should review their practices to ensure they
comply with consumer protection law. So that's interesting is that the CMA and the UK is
declaring victory they are playing the Final Fantasy victory fanfare because the big three
have all made changes to their rules. By the way, I think this is interesting,
because something that I noticed happening more and more on PlayStation plus is that if you use
the app, you get a push notification that says, hey, don't forget to claim your free games this
month. The month's almost up. Don't forget to claim your free games. And now that I'm reading
this, Sony will bug PlayStation plus subscribers ahead of time and instruct users on how to cancel
their service and will not charge users who are not using it. But if they're reminding you to
cash in your free games, you're using it, aren't you? So the CMA may have won a victory. But did
they win a victory? I don't know. I guess that's really in the eye of the consumer. You have the
right to cancel your games or cancel your subscriptions whenever you want.
But there are a lot of people who just kind of set it and forget it. So anyway, interesting that
all the big three have kind of done that. And some folks in chat are talking about, let's see,
Zen Monkey says today Microsoft gave me Game Pass for $1 and gave me a $10 credit for some reason,
fun times. And Bonds006 says, yeah, Microsoft gave me so many $10 credits over the years.
And I think you guys are probably reading that there's something similar going on there.
What is $10 to Microsoft if they get to keep your $60 Xbox Gold subscription,
or maybe even more for Game Pass for the next year? It's worth it to them. By the way,
stay tuned because I have something you can spend that $10 credit on. And we'll get into that a
little later in the show. There's something really cool coming up that I can't wait to talk about.
But for now, we'll move on to this story, which just it makes me giggle. I don't know what else
to say. Loki, go ahead. It's just it's, it's hardcore. Yes. So there are some hardcore fans
of Club Penguin out there. And of course, there were some folks that developed a quote unquote
fan game Club Penguin re written that was, I guess, operating since I don't know 2017 or
something like that. Like the year after they shut down Club Penguin, I think Yeah,
it was very shortly after they shut down. Well, apparently the three or three of the folks that
were responsible for it have been under investigation by the city police of London,
and I think Kevin arrested for copyright infringement, because they were apparently,
you know, violating copyright because they don't know the rights to Club Penguin. And in fact,
the game's web page now says the site has been taken over by the operation creative
police intellectual property crime unit. And I, I just can't believe I mean, I can't believe
but I can't believe with everything going on in this industry, Activision Blizzard,
and other companies out there. Someone finally got arrested over fucking Club Penguin.
It's because and I'll tell you why it's because they were making money off of it.
Because of course, running a game like this costs money. And it says therefore ads are
placed in certain parts of the game we or at least I assume that's how Disney got us.
As absolutely how Disney got you, you fool. Don't put ads in a game that is doesn't belong to you.
I mean, it was operating on thin ice as it was. I mean,
I mean, I know some companies like Sega have been really cool when they shut down an MMO.
They basically like came up with a way for people to download Phantasy Star Online blueburst data so
you could play it on pirate servers, but that's Sega not Disney. So I cannot believe we finally
have an arrest in the gaming industry and it's over fucking Club Penguin. And Bobby Kotick
walks free. Bobby Kotick he's come on now they are allowed to you know, perpetuate you know,
all sorts of sexual harassment at their workplace. But you make a fan club penguin
game and dare to charge and money or dare to get money from ads to run that game.
You're going straight to the slammer. That's how we get those pores.
Where are our priorities? All right. Anyhow, we need to go back to a simpler time when I don't
know if people were getting arrested over video games. It was because they were starting fights
at arcades. I don't know. Let's roll the bumper for this segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
Haha, no, you won't because you're not here. But I'm here. And I will talk about this week's
classic game of the week, which is my pick. And perhaps you recognize it from the little
bit of video they're playing on Twitch. But for the rest of you and on the podcast feed,
the game we are looking at is civilization four is the classic game of the week this week
originally released for Microsoft Windows in North America, October 25 2005. And dark soccer
if you're out there, yes, there was a Mac release as well June 30 of 2006. So civilization four,
of course, is the fourth game in the civilization series. The designer behind the game was Soren
Johnson. And of course, Sid Meyer, whose name is really synonymous with a lot of the older
civilization titles as well as a lot of the great fair access and you know, 4k titles at the time.
Sid Meyer is the director of the game. It was, of course, followed by civilization five and six and
hopefully someday seven. Civilization four, of course, is one of the all time great 4x games.
That means you explore, expand, exploit, exterminate. That's what 4x means. So it's
to me, it feels a little bit like a board game. But like a really big one. And I know there
actually is a civilization board game. But this I'm just talking about like what I felt when I was
playing this game because I love civilization for I love the original civilization. But I've done
the original civilization as a classic game of the week a long time ago. But I thought, you know,
we had the Grammy Awards a couple weeks ago, and we had our second video game Grammy win.
Well, you know, where the first video game Grammy win came from, of course, was this game
civilization for and the soundtrack Baba Yetu, which was created by Christopher 10, which is
a song about the Lord's Prayer and Swahili. That was the original Grammy winning song that could
be credited to a video game. And that was from the intro to civilization for also kind of really
cool about this game that you may not have realized. Some of the quotes voice acting in the
game relating to technology and narration were Leonard Nimoy doing that so and obviously, we've
lost him since this game was released in 2005. So pretty awesome that we have something to remember
him by. And of course, we know that Baba Yetu is the big song from the game. But the soundtrack
also has other medieval Renaissance and Baroque origin music. The design for the title music was
influenced by the Lion King, which I can kind of see it. So it's pretty cool. So lots of mods that
go with this game, you can do earth Greek world, so forth. There's lots of lots of ways to mod this
game. There's many ways to win this game, you can do a combat victory, you can take over the world
with your units, you can win a science victory where you blast off into space and and fortify
space. I believe in this one, you could do other victories like was this the one that we started
cultural victories? Or did that come later? I can't remember if that was later in the series
or not. But there were multiple ways to win. And that was something kind of a little bit unique to
the Forex series as well. Um, let's see, also, this game was more open to customization than
the predecessors because the game data and the rules were in XML files. And a software development
kit or SDK was released in April 2006 to let you customize the game AI. So if you wanted to go back
to a world where Gandhi was a meanie, like he was the original civilization because of an error,
you could do that with the SDK. The map editor, you could use Python. So that's kind of fun that
you could do all sorts of editing with the game as well. How was the reception to the game?
One million units of this game sold by mid March of 2006. It was pretty regularly in the top 10
positions of computer game sales charts. It was the 11th best selling computer game of 2005.
It had a 94 on Metacritic if you care about that sort of things, getting praised for things like
advanced 3d computer graphics, difficult AI, and the multiplayer feature or feature as well.
Uh, IGN and their review mentioned that the game AI was way better than it was in Civilization 3.
And in my opinion, it was much better than Civilization 3. This is also interesting. In
August 2016, when Time put together their 50 best video games of all time list, Civilization 4
placed 11th. So it's really considered one of the best of all time. And one of my favorites,
and you might be wondering, why did I pick four? Why didn't I pick two or three? I pick for one,
the Grammy tie in is sort of that, but four really does remain one of my favorite Civ games.
It might, you know, I think the original always is going to hold a special place in my heart.
But I think four is really probably one of the best outside of the original. I think six is
really good too, as is five. I think three is the worst in my opinion. It's not bad. It's not a bad
game by any means. This is the worst Civilization game. Um, so there is that. So, uh, yeah, I like,
I like Civ 4, uh, to be honest, uh, going to chat. Darktot Studio says, I think I still have Civ 3
on Steam. I remember that was one of the physical games I ever owned. They gave away Civ 3 for dirt
cheap at some point. I'm sure you picked it up, uh, at some point. Zen Monkey says Civ 4 was the
last good one. If you're into the spy game, they fucked up in, uh, Civ 5 and Civ 6 and SSJ 100,
Matt, bringing up the infamous, just one more turn saying it was so easy to fall into a six
hour play session and not realize it as soon as Matt also asking, didn't Rob pick civilization
revolution as a game of the week? At one point, I don't know if I did did Civ rev specifically.
I know I've done the original civilization. I don't know if I did Civ rev. If I didn't, I should,
but I probably won't revisit the series again for a while because a, this is dark soccer segment.
She was a, she picks the game. It's only when she's not here that I do or, or Loki does. So,
um, it'll probably be a while before I get to Civ revolution, but I do love that game in the
series as well, because it was a throwback to the original. It was almost like the original game in
a more modern engine. And that's why I liked Civ rev and Civ rev came out after this, it was between
four and five. So in the timeline, it's pretty similar. Uh, the other big thing that came out
in the Civ four timeline was the colonization remake because Sid Meier also did a game called
colonization. Uh, and it ran, it had some big, big differences than the regular civilization.
Uh, and that had come out for PC, you know, back in the day, and then they redid it in Civ four's
engine, which was interesting. So, uh, yeah, lots of good stuff from civilization in this decade.
And again, quite honestly, I would love nothing more than to see this game, uh, get a seventh
entry in the series. We're due for it. This is the time to announce it. Civ six has gotten its
last expansion. And, um, I want to say it's been a good five or six years since Civ six at this
point, granted the pandemic. There is summer games Fest. There's, you know, lots of opportunity
to announce a Civ seven. I would be very happy about that. But again, with the pandemic affecting
development and something like that too, I also would not be surprised if maybe it's a next year
thing, because I would bet Civ seven is probably going to be eyed for release on consoles as well
as PC because Civ six was so, but anyway, we're talking about Civ four and Civ four was, uh,
not the case. They, they, the console's kind of got Civ Rev instead, but Civ Rev was great.
So there it is your classic game of the week civilization for one of the very best in the
series. One of my favorites and Loki, you've played a bit of that game too, right?
No. Oh, I thought you'd had, I own them, but I haven't played them. They're in my backlog.
You were able to buy like the entire thing, like Civ four and all of its DLC. You could buy for
like a dollar at one point or they gave it away in a humble bundle or something.
I think I did get it in a humble bundle. Um, or maybe I got a steam sale. I know I do have it.
I think I have four. I may have six. I can't remember.
Six is good too. Zen monkey says we probably won't get Civ seven for a long time. Civ six
has that endless update shit they're doing with the new front tear nonsense. They plan on making
it a 10 year game like GTA five. I have to admit I have fallen out of Civ six since it first came
out. It's nothing against the game. It's just that I don't have 12 hour weekend binges to spend
playing it anymore. And that's exactly what happens. Um, but you know, Civ is always going
to hold a special place in my heart at such a good series. So I think I just want Civ seven.
So I have an excuse to revisit it full well knowing that I'm going to lose an entire fucking
weekend of playing the game. Interesting. So I don't have six or four. I have three and five.
Five. Five's good. I like five. Five was the first one that did the hexagons. If I remember
right. It changed the shape of the board and I there's a lot about five. I really like.
So all right. There it is your classic game of the week.
Uh, just a few rapid fire stories for you tonight from Loki.
Yep. So, um, well, there's going to be some new games coming to Xbox that you might have
seen on other platforms. So bug snacks and Godfall are going to be coming to the Xbox,
series X and S, uh, later this month, Godfall a game that no one really wanted to play on
the PlayStation bucks next. So yeah, that that's pretty good. Um, bucks nice is going to be coming
out at the end of this month on April 28th and it will be part of game pass as well.
So you can check that out. And apparently it's also getting released on intend to switch as well
and getting a free expansion. Um, Godfall. I'm not sure when that's coming out necessarily,
but it is coming out at some point. That's cool. Um, I, uh, I guess it already came out.
That's what happened. It came out last week. Oh, and nobody seemed to notice. Um,
the exclusive windows must've run out for Sony on those, uh, clearly. So, uh, I wonder if Godfall
will get that free edition. I might, I'll check it out if it's free, but I'm not going to pay money
to check it out. They'd be smart to put Godfall on game pass. They probably get more curious though.
So, I mean, I don't know, uh, the PC exclusive because we know Sony's been dipping their toe
into the PC. So that exclusive window tends to be a little different than, um, Microsoft or whatever.
Yeah. Which is fun because now I don't have to, I will not that I can own a PlayStation five right
now if I wanted to, but like, like the best of both worlds, I can get almost all the games on PC.
Well, I'll still get a PS five, right? Right. At this point, I'm waiting for one of two things,
a final fantasy 16 release date, um, or, uh, the, uh, uh, a hardware refresh for the PS five.
I would say two years after the release of the console, which will be this holiday would be the
time to expect a hardware refresh, but I don't know because of the pandemic, because of the
supply issues, it may not happen. And I full well realize that, but I'm on, I'm saying that on one
hand, but then on the other hand, I'm like, but they're still pushing forward with this VR stuff.
So I feel like something's going to give in that department. So I'm, uh, I'm gonna,
I'm gonna see what the summer has in store for PlayStation, but I really, you know, I,
I will drop everything to play fall fantasy 16, a hundred percent. Are you kidding me? Uh,
creative business unit three who made 14 gets to make a single player final fantasy. I am
there. Like I will take days off work to play fall fantasy 16, which I didn't think I'd still
be doing in my forties, taking time off work to play video games, but I will do it for that game.
Not that the expectations are high or anything.
No, not at all, but 15 was kind of meh. So, I mean, can you really get any worse than that?
famous last words.
Yeah, I, I don't, I, I never finished 15. I got bored of it so fast.
I don't play a lot of people didn't.
Like, I just need to go back and play it.
Sure. What, anything else in rapid fire news?
Yeah. So then also we've got, um, there's a new, I guess, the arrival add on for doom and doom two
for the switch. It's, um, additional content for the switch version of the game that you can,
download, I guess, from in the game. And it's an 11 episode replacement pack that was created by,
Pavara. And it says features music by the doom community.
AD 79 is I guess the composer of that. That's pretty cool. And I guess it's not the only
add on that they've had for the switch version. So neat.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some games that'll be coming out soon
for you to play. Yep. Not a whole lot. So we've got, it looks like, um, Star Wars, the force
unleashed on Nintendo switch, uh, Chernobyl light, um, on PlayStation five and X-Box series,
Pocky and Rocky re-shined on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four teardown on PC. I guess that's
coming out of early access cause that's been out already. Um, Yomari or, uh, let me pronounce this,
uh, Yomawari on Intel switch and PlayStation four. And I believe that is it. All right.
Maybe you can do the UK dates here while I do the Japan ones here. Um, so going to Japan tonight,
uh, on the Nintendo switch coming out on April 21st, Pocky and Rocky re-shined also gets a
release on the switch. Um, but it is, it's, it's released in Japan, but it's still the English
version. Uh, also coming out, uh, e-baseball powerful pro yucky 2022. So for those of you
that want to play another Konami sports game, e-baseball, sending you my thoughts and prayers
that that is a wise investment. Uh, WRC 10 is also coming out, uh, in Japan this week on the
switch and world war Z gets a Japanese release, uh, on the switch this week as well. Uh, going
to the PlayStation five, um, hyper dimension, Neptunia sisters versus sisters, a sister special
limited edition, uh, is available as well as a regular edition that is out on the PlayStation
five this week. Uh, for those of you that, you know, want to play, uh, uh, some more,
uh, hyperdimensional Neptunia games, uh, that is really it on the PlayStation five
PlayStation four tends to have pretty similar releases to the switch. Uh,
Yomawari three is there as well. You hit that hyperdimensional Neptunia game on PlayStation
four as well. Uh, and, uh, Oh, I chemco RPG selection volume nine. My goodness. They keep
cranking these out. This one with as divine saga, ghost sink, sort of a plesia and ambition record.
They just keep cranking those chemco collections out. But, um, a lot of those games will otherwise
probably get lost to time just because I think very few of them were localized over here. That's
for sure. So there you go. Dark to see it does say about e-baseball. I hear the baseball game is okay.
It's e-football that's the dumpster fire. Well, can you see why I have concern?
Dark Tetsuya. I'm a little preemptively cautious. I'm skeptical of these claims.
Just saying no offense, my friend. Loki. How about Europe?
Uh, Europe has MotoGP 22 on PlayStation, X-Box and the switch. And they're also getting,
uh, Chernobyl light on PlayStation. That's it. Excellent. All right. We have some more stories.
We'll be inviting your calls in a little while though, over at vog network.com
slash discord. And we have at least one email tonight. So we do have some emails to get to.
So we'll have ourselves a listener round table in just a minute, but first some more news Loki.
Yes. So this is something that is near and dear to my kid's heart. And that is the
new Sonic the Hedgehog game in Roblox. That's right. So the new soccer Hedgehog game has been
published and it is in Roblox. It's Sonic speed simulator. And it's basically a 3d,
uh, Sonic game that you can play in Roblox. And this is in partner with of course, Sega.
And, uh, my kids have been just playing the crap out of this, but is it any good or is it kind of
garbage? It looks, it looks pretty, no, it doesn't look garbage actually. Cause you know, it's, it's,
it's put together by professional developers that, you know, make, you know, different games and
stuff, but it's not just made by kids or something like that. And there have been Sonic games that
of course been just made by kids and thrown in there and stuff, but no, this is actually
polished in, you know, uh, looks pretty good. And like I said, they've been playing that quite a
bit, which is pretty cool. I'm assuming this is also tying in with the brand new movie that came
out. Obviously I think that the timing is a little convenient for that. That's for sure.
Do you have to pay for that? Cause I you'll have to excuse me, but I have no idea how Roblox works.
Do you have to pay to play this? Or is it like a free ad on like sometimes they do in Minecraft,
like some free downloadable levels that have a little mini games? I think there's stuff that
you do have to pay for in the game. I don't remember if it's free. I know my son was saying
that he had the pay. He bought the game, but I think it was like, you probably buy stuff in the
game. Typically all the Roblox games are free and then you buy stuff in game to lock, like
game passes and, you know, skins and stuff like that. Hmm. Interesting. I would say I have to
check it out at some point, but let's be real. I'm not going to install Roblox to check it out. So
maybe Fortnite's the one I got talked into recently. Maybe they do a Sonic thing in
Fortnite. I'll check it out there, but I don't know about Roblox.
Yeah. I mean like, I don't know. It, it didn't look, it didn't look terrible. And there are
some games in Roblox that are actually very polished. I just never see my kids playing
those. They play usually like, doesn't Roblox kind of have a reputation for like a bunch of
like kids, your, your kid's age playing it like, does it, does a 43 year old man really need to
be on for Roblox? I feel like, I feel like I don't need to be there. You don't.
That's it. That's good. Yeah. But I would just, I would just want to turn multiplayer off and I
don't even think that's a thing you can do in Roblox. So you know, you can't unnecessarily,
but yeah, it's, it's, I mean, it looks pretty good, you know, like the video looks pretty
good of it. All right. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll watch, you know, on your son's inevitable YouTube
channel or something. I'll watch it when he's old enough. You know, funny enough, he actually put
out a video today. So my son does have a YouTube channel, but he doesn't. Yeah. He doesn't. He
deleted all of his videos and he started over cause he, he thought they were dumb. But yeah,
he's going to do that a lot as he gets older, as he gets closer and closer. He put out his,
like his introduction video and like he has some gameplay of like Roblox and stuff out there. So
yeah, he did do that. It's under our gaming. So I don't really have a link to his channel,
but like, yeah, he, he put out stuff, but yeah, he does Roblox videos occasionally. He'll make,
they used to do like, like little skits and stuff with their friends and stuff.
Wow. Like I said, they, he got embarrassed by it or something. And so he just, you know,
well, um, that's like, that's like when old tapes of my public access show from high school show up,
it can be a little embarrassing, the stuff I was doing at that age. So.
Yeah. Yeah. So like, I mean, I can link, I guess I could link it in our, our chat here,
but yeah, I'll, I'll do that. And then, um, you can check it out if you want,
but he only has one video up there, but yeah, it's fun.
Cool. Cool. All right. Uh, what else do you have? Loki? I think you have another story about, uh,
Kojima. Yes. Uh, so Kojima insists that, uh, Kojima productions is still independent,
even though they had posted something, I guess, on their social media with the PlayStation studios
banner. Um, so, you know, in the past, even though they have, um, partnered with Sony on different
things says, you know, he would post a tweet says, I'm sorry for misunderstanding, but Kojima
productions has been, and will continue to be an independent studio, even though, you know,
the PlayStation studios, um, logo, they're not sure why he tweeted that out. Why would you
read that out? That was, that was a silly little oversight, wouldn't it? Yeah. So.
I'm not really sure what that's all about, but, um, cause yeah, cause he tweeted it,
just the image with like nothing to go with it. So it's not like, Hey, congratulations. Or Hey,
Oh, I think he tweeted because he's got, you know, his game is featured in,
in that PlayStation studios, um, image because it's got a tiny little bit of Norman Reedus and
his fetus look corner there. Um, do you think, I don't know. I'm assuming that's why, do you
think we're going to see whatever Kojima is working on next this year, at least some type
of cryptic trailer that doesn't say a thing at summer game best, because, you know, it's been
a couple of years. Death Stranding came out right before the pandemic started because it was really
oddly like scary how much like the parallels were to the pandemic. I remember we talked at length
about that when that game first came out and okay, sure. Yeah. They had the, you know, remastered
redone edition for PlayStation five and PC that had like the slightly established be real the
entire team's resources were not dedicated to the death Stranding, you know, gold edition or
whatever it was called. So what's the team really been working on, you know, and of course,
insert your Silent Hill rumor here, but at least, at least for better or for worse,
we could find out what have the fuck they're working on. So at least the Silent Hill rumors
could stop if, if maybe they would announce whatever they're working on this summer.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I'd be curious. I think it will be a scary game though. I,
and you know, whether Silent Hill or not, I'm all for a Kojima scary game. I hope that they do,
you know, at some sort of announcement, I'm assuming something with Jeff Keeley
is going to be involved with. Yeah. That's why I specifically say summer game Fest, because I mean,
Kojima and, uh, uh, Jeff Keeley have quite the bromance going on, which is cool. I mean,
yeah, that's fine. So at least we, we know what to expect, although we should never
set our expectations too high, I guess. Right. Uh, yes. One thing I'm going to set my expectations
at a reasonable level for is the latest Niantic game, which was unveiled this week. Um, you know,
uh, Niantic hasn't had a new game in a while. We've heard of other projects that they're
involved with like the transformers game. Um, but otherwise Niantic has Pokemon go. Of course,
Ingress is still going and Pikmin bloom is still going as well. Uh, but now there's going to be
another Niantic game and this does seem to unlike the transformers thing, which I think is more
Niantic's wayfarer network in somebody else's game. Um, this is going to be a Niantic original
because it is a Niantic original IP, which is also interesting because that means this is Niantic's
first fully original game since Ingress, the first one, which many people still don't even know about
because they're playing Pokemon go or Pikmin. The game was announced this week and it's called
Niantic Peridot. Uh, I assume it's like the gem and not Peridot. I guess it could be either way.
Uh, but for now I'm going to say Peridot. Uh, so, uh, Peridot is breeding and caring for
virtual pets. And immediately my brain is like, yo, Niantic, it is going to be so easy for the
lazy journalists and tweeters out there of which there are a lot of them to just say, oh, this is
Pokemon go because Pokemon go is virtual pets. So this is Pokemon go. So Niantic right off the bat
by deciding to go this direction for their next game is going to have to do that uphill battle
of making sure it is obvious how this game is different from the outset, because I guarantee it,
I'm calling it now before a single review of this game comes out, every single one of them will
compare it to Pokemon go. Even if the game has nothing to do with it outside of the, um,
Poke stops and the literal places where, where points of interest are located.
The setup for the game is that the dots. So maybe it is Peridot. I look at it and think like a
Peridot, but maybe it is Peridot because they're called dots for short. Uh, they've been asleep for
thousands of years and, uh, you feed, play and explore with your dot to raise them to adulthood.
When you're out on walks, your dot might find hidden treasures. That sounds a little bit like
Pikmin. Uh, you can diversify the species of your dots by working with other players.
It sounds a little more like Tamagotchi or something. I think is what a lot of people
are kind of calling it right now. I was definitely getting that kind of vibe. Yeah.
So, um, but again, I think there's a lot in Pokemon that looks like, especially with the
buddy system that looks like Tamagotchi. So, you know, they gotta be careful. So, uh, Peridot is
said to be, and I guess it is Peridot that an orange eye in chat is telling me it is Peridot
and not like the gem. So fair enough. Um, Peridot is in a soft launch period and it's only going to
be in select markets at first Niantic almost always tests this stuff in Australia, New Zealand
first. So if you're in Australia, New Zealand, I would bet dimes to dollars. You'll get to play
this before anyone else. And sometimes they pick other regions as well. Um, I think Canada had one
of them early, so it just, it just depends, but the U S won't be one of them. So there's that,
uh, you can sign up at the official website. If you want play peridot.com, uh, if you want to sign
up and there's a cute little trailer, you can watch as well, where you certainly start to see
a lot more of Niantic's AR things and what they want to develop with that. But again, it's a
little early for me. I play all of Niantic's bullshit, all of it for better or for worse.
I've played Ingress way too long. I was playing it today. In fact, cause there was a big event
this weekend. So I played that to get my badge. Pokemon go. I still play here and there. Pikmin
bloom. I'm just shy of level 54 in Pikmin bloom. I didn't even know it could go. Apparently it goes
up to a hundred. Uh, so there's still a long way to go and Pikmin bloom. Uh, I played the Harry
Potter game for a hot minute until, um, that woman kind of ruined everything Harry Potter for me.
Um, but the, and the game was a little bit reductive with Pokemon go. So it was kind of,
you know, it kind of, it kind of got old faster and obviously it's gone now, but I did try it.
And, you know, I've tried derivatives, even if they're not Niantic games, I've tried things like
Orna, which is, you know, different, but still, you know, AR in a way. So, uh, yeah, so there's,
I try them all. It's just, I'm a sucker for those mobile AR games and using the real world as a,
as a game board is very interesting to me. So I wish the Catan thing had happened. I'd still
like to know what the fuck happened there. Yeah. I like Catan. I would have played that.
Yeah. Well, and people did play Catan in Australia, New Zealand,
cause it never came out of the testing phase after that. So it's weird. Anyway, we'll see
more information. I, you know, the minute it does come out in some region, it'll be all over Reddit.
So stay tuned. Anyhow, in the meantime, we're going to get to listener round table,
your chat questions, your discord calls at vog network.com slash discord and your emails
of which we have one to get to tonight. So let me get to it. I just need to bring it up here.
Sorry. I was not prepared because usually there's a third person here to help with some of this.
Um, do you have a last minute story for us maybe to help?
I've been looking for a last minute story. So there's just not a lot this week. So slow weeks.
Okay. Yeah. I don't have a last minute story. That's all right. We bought enough time talking
about, we need time. Uh, we have our, for our one and only email tonight. Participate
at orange launch radio.com is the place for you to send an email for a future week.
Tonight's email from Y Y R. Hello all are in lieu of this week's scheduled tangents and drag race
talk. I've decided to send an email to everyone disappointed at this turn of events. I'm truly
sorry. That's okay. I'm not even watching really the season of drag race, just following it on
social media. Last week's show led off with mention of Zoltar. While I must admit, I most definitely
see one of these coin operated Zoltar fortune time machines. I will also take this opportunity
to plug an entirely different Zoltar. He is one of my favorite DJs, spinning trance, vocal trance,
and associated energy pick packed music. He actually has a weekly podcast subterranean that
he has been running for quite a number of years now. And if all goes right, he should be hitting
episode a thousand later this year. Hey, that's a long time. If this sounds good to you and you're
caught up on OLR, do a search for a mix cloud Zoltar. That's Z O L T A R. I love that he
spelled it out in the email and you will find gobs of two hour sets waiting for you. Enjoy. Thank you.
Forza Horizon 5 came up in conversation, specifically a conversation about DLC. Yes,
Forza Horizon 5 does already have plenty of DLC. And ultimately it looks like it will have the same
DLC that Forza Horizon 4 did. There is already a car pass. Folks who purchased it are getting 34
new cars, one each week that are exclusive to owners of the DLC. It costs $30 if purchased
alone, but most of the cars will be available separately. There will also be two game expansions
released likely over the next 18 months for $20 each. Yes, it's following the similar formula
of the last games. There is VIP membership, which doubles the in-game credits earned,
gives you two free super wheel spins per week and a few exclusive items which cost $20 by itself.
But you can get all of the above for $50 or $45 if you have game pass, which makes it an easier
pill to swallow. That's probably the Bobby Black Wolf edition. I'm guessing that he bought because
I know he spent extra money on the game. And I'm going to assume that is like all the types of
loot that you get when you buy the game, even if you already have game pass.
And then of course, yes, you can buy the treasure map for $3,
which reveals the locations of all the hidden bonus boards, barn finds and other secret locations.
So all in all, the game has a lot of DLC for sure. But if you play the game as much as I do,
which is to say for hundreds of hours, then it feels worth it. And one reason fans of the game
don't seem to have much of a problem with this setup is because the in-game currency cannot be
purchased. And the game typically throws cars at you like a pitcher throws baseballs. In other
words, it feels like the DLC gives you something extra on top of your full game, rather than giving
you something that should have been in the game to begin with. I agree with that point. And that's
maybe what makes the DLC feel a little more invisible, I suppose.
Bobby Blackwolf wants to clarify, I have the $100 version, which is like the $45 pass. But I also
own the game if I ever cancel game pass, which I don't see Bobby Blackwolf doing that for a long
time. But before Forza Horizon 6 is out, but we'll see. We'll see. You never know, right?
So anyhow, more good stuff in this email from YYR. And then there was talk of Intellivision
Amico. Sigh. Cosigned on that sentence. Sigh. Honestly, my theory on it is that even if COVID
hadn't happened, it would still be exactly where it is now, but with different excuses.
My reasoning is that if you look at the Gamescom trailer that was shown back in August 2019,
and compare its short gameplay clips with all the videos released last year and this year,
you'll see the same games in the same state, meaning virtually nothing has been done with
them since then. It's a known fact that these games were all made in Unity, so it's not like
the hardware needed to be final and in production before more work can be done on them. And the deep
dive videos released last year were just awful, serving little purpose aside from showing how
shallow the games were in their current state. It's truly a shame because I was part of the
target market for this thing, and I even wanted to develop games for it. But it has clearly been
mishandled at every possible level, and if they think they can now turn around, finish it, and
then release it at the same price point as Nintendo Switch, they are plain old nuts. I don't think I
have a lot to add to what YYR is saying there. Whatever the reason is, whether it's that they
got screwed by the part people overseas or whatever, it's in a bad place right now,
and it doesn't look good. So, I mean, I will hope that they turn it around, but at the same time,
I will still buy the console myself because it's going to be one of those, it's so bad,
it's good things. It's going to be like the CDI of this decade. Watch.
BobbyBlackWolf also clarifying, five can be taken off Game Pass. Remember that Forza Horizon 4 is
off of Game Pass now. Fair point. And Bobby does say, we'll never know if they would have failed
the same way if there was no pandemic, and that's fair too. Now, here's the other interesting part
of YYR's email, and he saves this for the last paragraph, and I kind of think this is really
backloading your email. You didn't front load your email, you backloaded your email.
He should have said this at the start, in my opinion, but I will pay this paragraph
special attention. I would mention that I just released a game on Xbox,
but I've already rambled for too long. So, I'll just say you should go to YYR Games if you want
to see what I've been up to. YYRgames.com, excuse me, if you want to see what I've been up to.
Thanks again for the show, and have a great week. Always talking too much, Aaron. YYR.
So, don't you love that, that YYR just sneaked in the news, hey, I stealth relief the game on
Xbox this week, enjoy. Well, YYR, guess what? I actually looked at the emails ahead of the show
this week, and I have my trusty Xbox Series X controller right here. So, let me push the button,
and I apologize I don't have the right shots loaded, but since I have my personal stream
shots available, at least for the Twitch folks, I can show you what's on my Xbox right now.
And you'll notice that for the low, low price of $2.99, I picked up a copy of Falling Plus,
which is available now on Xbox Series X, and I believe it's available on PC as well.
And you'll notice it's a YYR game. Of course, this is the one that's inspired by
classic, it's got the pengo thing going on there, and it looks like a classic 80s game, basically.
And it has the Xbox Live leaderboards. There's one person on the main leaderboard right now,
so more of you need to pick this game up. I played before the show, but I had to quit because
the show was about to start and I wasn't dying, so I did not make the leaderboard myself.
But yeah, there it is, Falling Plus is on Xbox. And I assume, and Aaron's talked about this before
on the show, this must be through that new XNA kind of reborn thing he was getting into,
because one thing I did notice was that like the XNA games, there are no achievements with this
game, which is fine. But if you are an achievement whore, you're not going to find them. But I also
want to remind you, the game is $2.99. So it's still a great value. You'll notice there's still
lots of extras in here, including Arcade Mode, Survival Challenge, the Burning Igloo Challenge,
and so on and so on. So anyhow, there you go, Aaron, I got you by actually reading the emails
before the show tonight. And there it is, Falling Plus is now available on Xbox. I believe it is on
the PC, Microsoft Marketplace as well. Somebody may need to follow up with me to confirm that,
because I only looked on my Xbox Series X, but I think it's there. ZenMonkey11 in chat says,
I'm going to use my Xbox to get this. Now you all know why I said earlier, if you have $10 sitting
in your account, I know something you can spend some of that money on that would be very worthy
for a long time OLR supporter here. And sg100matt says, this is one of my favorite YYR games.
Now, I think it's a great game. I love all of Aaron's stuff. And I hope this is a really
good sign for his other stuff, getting some exposure on Xbox. I will also ask you one thing
I should point out. We have extra time tonight, whatever. I do see somebody in the green room,
and I apologize to that person. I will get to you shortly. But one thing I do want to point out
that was pretty cool about this is that if I actually go to the store on the Xbox Marketplace,
and I actually search, and I search for, crap, I have to turn off my, I can't see around my giant
head. Hold on. There we go. If I actually search for falling, not fall out, and not fall, so you
have to actually go into like falling space plus, but there it is, it is in the store.
So the nice thing is, I remember when this was on Xbox 360, when this game was originally out,
you had to go into like that separate store, that separate XNA store to find it. But you don't have
to do that here. It's actually here available just within the storefront. And it's actually,
it's also been rated E for everyone. Isn't that cute? So that's pretty cool. I love that it
actually has the full storefront available. It is presented in 4K Ultra HD with its retro graphics,
but congrats to YYR. That's amazing. Those pixels are extra sharp.
Those pictures are extra sharp, but I think that's really exciting. I'm really excited and happy for
YYR with that. So there you go. Bobby Blackwell says, going down to my theater. So look at that.
Thank you, YYR. Thank you. I will take my check next week on the show. No, just kidding. I'm
kidding. I do that because he's a friend of mine and I want to support his stuff. He has made OLR
dream games come true. I will always owe him for that. So, all right. Thank you, YYR. Now, Loki,
the next question is Pixel Poops number two on Xbox Win. Oh gosh, that'd be like,
that'd have to be a whole nother game. I don't think I can port an NES game to the Xbox.
I'm sure you could do it with emulators. You don't think someone's done like an S-Maker shell
for Xbox type of thing? No, I don't think for a shell per se, but they've done like emulators,
but that's kind of like a gray area. Like they don't want emulators on there. So like you'd
have to rewrite the whole thing, which honestly I'd probably be easier anyways. It's like getting
it to run just the way you'd want it. But yeah, it'd have to be a whole different thing.
SSU 100 Matt, thank you for getting the clip there. And please, please text that to Aaron.
So that he can see it before he listens to the show. All right. Uh, we have somebody who's been
very patiently waiting in the green room to come on the show. So let's get to the call. Hi, you're
on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, Hey, Hey, what's going on, everybody? Hey, Rama,
how you doing? It's good to see you. I'm good. I'm just glad I got my computer back up and running
before I was able before, you know, I was able to jump in and chill out in the green room again for
a few minutes. It's it's very good to see you here tonight. And yeah, I'm glad I'm glad you're able
to get everything worked out there in the green room. So because right before, you know, you
pulled me in. I actually knocked power to my entire apartment. Whoops. Oh, no, don't do that.
Yeah, I had the heater going because it got a little cold. I turned on the microwave to fix
my dinner. And then I'm just like, the lights when I was just like, Oh, oh, oh, all right.
What's on your mind tonight, my friend? Talk about how awesome game passes real talk. Now,
I have gotten pushback from people about, you know, PlayStation Game Pass and
Microsoft Game Pass. Now, all that aside, I look at it this way. For the top tier,
you get access to all these classic PlayStation one, PlayStation two games that you can download
and play or stream. Even if you already own the game on your PS one and your PS two,
you still have to pay this extra to download that version and start your game from scratch.
Whereas, you know, Microsoft's like, Oh, you have this game. Let's get you to updated version.
We good. We got you. Now, one thing I love about game passes, I can just download all these games
and just play them and see if I like them or not. And you get these great discounts on the games as
well. And you know, when you turn on your Xbox, you're like, Oh, check out these cool games. And
that's what I did. There was this game I kept seeing on sale for the last, I say month,
month and a half called Chris tales. And I looked at some of the videos. I was just like, I don't
know. I don't know if this is a game I want to play, but it was on game pass. And I'm like,
you know what? I'm going to give it a try. And you know, I started playing it and I'm like,
you know what? I actually liked this game. This game's pretty awesome.
Let's see how much it is. $19.99 for digital download. Okay, fine. I decided, you know what,
let me check for a physical copy. Just, just because found it on Amazon for 10 bucks. So
that day I downloaded Chris tales and played it for about two hours and said how much I really
enjoyed it within half hour after that went on Amazon ordered the game and had it the next day.
Wow. Okay. So to me, game pass is just like a digital version of blockbuster video. You know,
well, it's Netflix really, you know, it's, we keep talking about the, the switch and trying
to get Nintendo switch online to be the Netflix of gaming. And it's like game pass. That's
literally what game pass is doing. It's Netflix gaming. Now the problem is like Netflix things
disappear. And so you might, you know, like say like me, I was playing final fantasy 12 remastered.
I didn't beat it, but the game's now no longer on game pass. Now I could have bought it. I could
have done what you did, or I could, you know, whether it was through the storefront with a
discount, whatever digitally, or I could have got it on Amazon, but I didn't. And it's gone now,
but I still feel that I'm still getting a good value out of game pass because at least I got to
try it for as long as I did. And I know that I enjoyed it. And it's kind of like, you know,
you and this game and, and you know, what other people talked about, like Bobby getting forza
horizon and paying for it, even though he's getting it through game pass as well. You know,
it's a good way to like try stuff and, you know, make sure that you will have it
after it gets removed from Netflix of gaming. Yep. This is the game I have picked up like this.
Like there's a game called Scarlet Nexus that was on game pass. It still is. I'm just like,
this is fun. This is a great game. It was on sale during the holidays. I was like,
let me add that to the collection. I'm still playing through the game. The original copy
is still sealed sitting on the shelf next to the 50 plus other games I've bought during the
pandemic because it was on sale and I'm like, I'll get to it. And in reality, yeah, I will probably
get to it when I have to take a personal day from work and just kind of go through some of these
games. But Rob, if Final Fantasy 12, if it's a good deal on Amazon, let's say you see it for like
under 20 bucks, will you pull the trigger on it? Probably, but you know, you know, you've,
you've been listening to my ass rant about games long enough to know that I get distracted by other
stuff all the time, including going back to this MMO that I've been playing forever,
going back to always content going game like No Man's Sky. It's very hard to me to fit it
into the schedule to go back to Final Fantasy 12. But I think it's a great game and I'd love to pick
it up. There's a part of me that wonders, maybe they'll release it again on PlayStation five and
series x, who knows? I don't know anything's possible. But yeah, if I if I saw it on a deep
discount, I might be tempted, it would probably be one of those things where it's like, my husband
convinces me to actually go in a GameStop because he does that occasionally, like we'll be eating
at a place next door. And he's like, let's just go and GameStop and see what they have. And then
I see it in the bin for like five bucks. And I'll probably be like, I can't say no to that. Let's
get it. That's usually how it goes. Yeah, exactly. Because what you had mentioned,
FF 12, you talked about the different Final Fantasies. I'm like, I never finished 13.
Because the week that I bought it, my roommate sat down and turned his fiance into a gamer widow
and just finish that game within a month. And it's like,
okay, all all three, all the Final Fantasy 13 games are on game pass right now.
Yeah, the thing is, I went out and bought them for PlayStation three. I'm like, you know what,
I'm going to play on PS three and go through them. Now that my PlayStation three sound sounds like
a janky shuttle rocket when you turn it on. I'm like, yeah, no, I'm going to wait.
Now that I see that it's on game pass, because I was originally going to buy the 360 ones and just
do the upgrade button. You know what, that just takes me $45. Yep. And it's it plays best on
series x than anywhere else. Because the loading times getting eliminated is huge for the game.
And the cutscenes being re rendered in 720 means the game, you know, I PC is comparable, I suppose,
but series runs the game extremely well. Most definitely, you know, because it's like,
I realize that I've been giving so much love and attention to my series x that I've come to the
conclusion. I don't want a PlayStation five. I can wait a little bit longer. There's only like two
games on there that I want Horizon Forbidden West and remake integrate, you know,
Forbidden West is on PS four, to be fair. I have a feeling you're going to drop remake
integrated for PS four as well. It's going to happen. I'm just gonna wait. I'm in no rush.
That and if you see where my series is in my entertainment cabinet, there's barely enough
room for the PlayStation five or how tall that sucker is. Definitely a redesign, please.
Yeah, I'm hoping a redesign is in the future. That's for sure. So and yeah,
Bobby is saying there's nothing in the iffy DLC that requires the PlayStation five. Yeah,
I kind of heard that too. It's just it's just a thing to get people on that system.
I hope the remake comes out for Xbox, though, just for completion sake, but I get it. They've
Sony's paying them money, and they're getting good for it. So then it's understandable.
It's just two words. Eye candy. Let's be real. They release it for PC. So it's just a matter
of time before it hits Xbox, you know, so come on. But this summer will be a year since that DLC
came out for PS five. So if they don't do more DLC this year, maybe the Xbox will get its release
this year if it's going to get it but I'm not I'm not going to get my hopes up. It is what it is.
I'll get around to it eventually. For sure. Anything else on your night on your mind tonight,
my friend? Ah, halo the TV series. Oh, yeah, I haven't watched that. How's that?
Okay, let me I'm gonna say this because this is what I'm reading in your face.
There's an amazing drag queen out there named says I get to talk about drag queens with the emails.
There's an amazing drag queen named Tatiana out there. And when she watched another contestant do
a really bad routine during the talent show and all stars too. She said to the camera, she goes,
you know, in life, we get to make a lot of choices. And that that was a choice.
Now, I understand when there is an adaptation of something sometimes it's a call as part of
the universal whatever it is. Okay, fine. I want to take for example, Sailor Moon,
you have classic, you have crystal, you have the deke dub, and they're like,
pick whatever one you want. It still makes sense to you. It's still part of the quote unquote
universe, whichever one it is. It's all good. You got it. Halo on the other hand.
Let's say this is the whole this is the Lord Halo.
No.
Rama had a big book he was holding up. And then he just threw it behind his shoulder. So I have to
they didn't play the games at all. From what I hear. They just said, Oh, well, we'll just
adapt the characters without knowing anything about him. It sounds like
Yeah, I'm gonna tell you this now. You're not going to like of how they put the UNSC. But
if you can make it through the first episode, it gets better. You just got to make it past
the first episode. And if you don't, I do not blame you.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says the good news about the Halo series is game pass has a 30 day
Paramount Plus free trial. So we might be pulling the trigger on that just to see if we can justify
it. Ask your friend in California to borrow the login because he rarely logs in just saying funny,
if you really want to watch it. There's ways to make that happen.
You can watch all the Star Trek to while you're at it. So
on if you want, I think worth it's worth the time. So anyway, yeah, thank you for the review
of the Halo TV show. So Loki, have you been watching it? No, no, no. All right. I check.
I just hope that you know, now that video game TV shows are becoming all the rage. Thanks to
Castlevania. Thanks to the Witcher. Yes, I know the Witcher was a book. But let's be real,
the games are what made that TV show. Because of all this stuff getting turned into TV shows.
Please, please consult the source material because I'm saying they're supposed to be doing a show
about Final Fantasy 14. And I'm not talking about the dad of light. I'm talking about the actual
fantasy 14 show. Do not fuck that up. Do not fuck that up. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. It's not even
Rama. Rama. Rama. Rama. Rama. I'm gonna call I'm gonna call you Adam. Adam. Yes, yes. Here's the
thing you have been you may not play the game yourself. But you have been to enough anime
conventions. You have seen enough M itself. You have seen enough cosplay from 14. You have seen
enough the fandom, you know, my friend, the makers that show better not fuck it up. Mr. Roberts,
sir, my liege. I understand. Remember, there was Final Fantasy The spirits within
now. We all know how that went about. But there was an anime called Final Fantasy Unlimited
that came out. Oh, I remember that. It was so bad. It was canceled halfway through
and the last 26 episodes were turned into a colored manga. What does that tell you?
I understand. Oh, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Don't the expectations for the show
aren't that high. It's based off of Final Fantasy 14 version one. So you know, it's okay.
I mean, honestly, if I if I want to watch a bad adaptation,
I'll go I'll go grab my art of fighting anime every watch it. Okay.
I'll go I'll go watch Double Dragon the movie.
I will say this much. I saw that in the theaters. I liked it for what it was.
But I'd sooner watch Double Dragon over DOA or the King of Fighters movie. Okay.
They're there. You know, it's funny as I asked him about Double Dragon when he came into our
work that one time I can't remember the guy's name was Scott Wolf. Scott Wolf. Yeah. Are you
our work? Yeah. Party five guy. Yeah. So he came into my old job because, you know,
we used to sell games and stuff like that. So yeah, we did ask him about Double Dragon and
stuff. And he thought it was all right. But like, you know, he knows what it was.
There's you remember actors are just like you and me. Right. And for a lot of them,
it's a paycheck. It's a job. You know what? Hey, that movie was a turd. But it bought me this
house. Like I literally saw somebody say that in an interview. That movie sucked. But it bought
me this house. The man speaking is speaking the gospel. I mean, who really won? We all lost,
but the actors won. That's fine. It's fine. Oh, yeah. Bobby Blackwell. Jeremy Irons said
about that nineties Dungeons and Dragons movie. I had a castle to pay off. Oh God,
I actually forgot about that. Oh, yes. And I was excited about that movie too. We all were
anyway. Let's be real. The best nineties movie adaptation was Mortal Kombat. Okay. That was it.
During the nineties, Mortal Kombat set the standard and everything else just hit the wall.
I liked Silent Hill, but that was the odds. That was the next decade, I suppose. But I thought the
Silent Hill movie was pretty good for a video. I like that. I'd be, I would be really interested
for them to revisit Silent Hill today, actually. And I don't understand why we, I mean, they
stopped making shitty sequels, right? They only did the one sequel and they didn't do any after
that. Like they kept threatening to, but they didn't do it right. I think that's something
they should explore in a TV show, but what do I know? I'm just a schmo with a podcast.
Good TV show. But again, consult the source material, please, before adapting it for a TV
show. But maybe, okay, conversely, a lot of people reacting very positively to the Sonic movie,
right? But why is the Sonic movie so good? Because the guy that directed it like has an affinity for
the Sonic franchise and worked on the Dreamcast game or something, right? Like did some of the
full motion video capture for some of the old Sonic games. So it's like, they knew the source
material. This was not somebody that was just trying to do Sonic cause, Oh, my kid likes that.
See now that's another one. Sonic, the Sonic movies. I like to call based on the Sonic
universes because you had Saturday morning, Sonic, which was based off the Archie comics
and its own universe. You had Sonic X, which was its own universe, the Sonic OVAs. And then you
had the Sonic games, the movies pulled from the more recent games and then kind of went on its
own little path. And that's what I liked. It got the great elements of everything and it went on
its own path, you know, like welcome to green Hills, you know, that was great. Robotnik in
that mushroom zone, which was a planet. That was great. I forgot about some of the lore from the
games that they brought in. I'm like, this is good, you know? So I like where they're going
with it, you know? All right, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show,
but it is always fantastic to hear you Rama. And I hope people are listening on Tuesdays for anime
jam session, where we can hear about all the cosplay, all the terrible anime, and most
importantly, all the drama happening at anime conventions near you. That will be this Tuesday
when we talk when we finally get around to talking about Zenkai con 2022 fun con a little
chaotic, but you know, we survived all the good things are. All right, my friend. Take care. Great
to talk to you. Have a good night. Bye bye. All right, the one and only DJ Rama s here on orange
launch radio. With that, I think we're gonna wrap things up for the night. Loki, did you have any
last minute stories you want to get out? No, I didn't have anything. Well, then how about a final
thought before we get to that? I'll say thank you as always for listening to orange launch radio,
whether this was your first episode or your 900th. Appreciate you guys. I'll be in here.
I suppose we have to start talking about the 20th year show and figure out what we want to do for
that. I just realized that six that's like six weeks away, maybe. No, that'd be the beginning
of June six weeks away. So we're like 10 weeks away from all ours 20th anniversary,
which is pretty wild. So yeah, anyway, be thinking about that. Thank you for being here with orange
launch radio. Tell a friend about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice. But we could use some more voices here to get all of the your opinions
and things out on air and all that good stuff. Oh, thanks for the reminder. Matt packs East is this
week. I don't know if we'll get a lot of announcements for PAX East. It's not usually
that kind of show. But the panels. Sometimes the developers can't keep their mouth shut in those
panels. There might be a little things that trickle out of that. Maybe any stuff to move fun. So also,
a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, Google Play, wherever you found this
podcast. Five star review goes a long way. So thank you as always for those. And please consider
following us on Twitch at bog network VOG network and our discord server vog network.com slash
discord. That is otherwise going to do it. Dark soccer will be with me next week. And we'll hear
all about a trip this weekend. Otherwise, we won't have Loki but we wish you well. Thank you. Please
update me via text so I can let the listeners know. But I'm sure everything's gonna go great.
So yeah, I'm hoping it goes great. And I'm enjoying gonna enjoy my week off
from work. Enjoy it. Have a nice daycation. Hopefully, you get some good pills. So
Loki, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
No, just basically go sub to my YouTube channel if you haven't yet. I just want to get to 500
subs so that I can actually use their community features. Oh, nice. It's so stupid that the gate
that stuff behind subscriptions, but it'd be nice to be able to post like, you know,
text posts saying, Hey, here's what I'm working on that type of stuff. But can't do that until
like 500 subs. I don't know. It's dumb. All right. And my final thought is I'll plug my
personal Twitch channel at Rob Roberts because I'm trying to work on getting more follows for
in advance of TwitchCon later this year and working on my No Man's Sky playthrough. I'm
actually going to do that again later tonight. Well after the show, I'm not going to do it
immediately after the show. Like Jamie usually does her thing because I like physically can't.
But later tonight, I'll get into that. And also I'm streaming more Final Fantasy 14 and getting
into PVP this week. So hope to see you there. So thanks for supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
When we all come together, we have a great time. Thanks for being here and we'll see you in seven
days to do it all over again. Have a great night, everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific,
9pm Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
