There's been a disturbing trend of businesses and official bodies using temporary statuses
to get around organizational measures despite the strife it causes everyone.
Gig work was not the start of it, but today it is second only to retail as a significant
example.
Who else but Activision Blizzard forced the hand of their workers to vote in favor of
their rights, bringing better pay, insurance, benefits to a dearly overworked and underappreciated
group.
With a political wonk intro, now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers,
and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 909 of our
show for this April the 10th of 2022.
My name is Rob Robertson.
I am joined every week here via the magic of the internet and Discord and things like
that with my co-hosts.
Say hello to Zoltar.
No it starts.
I'm not Zoltar.
It's Dark Sakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hold on, I forgot to turn on my lamps.
But you have that shirt that says Zoltar and it's just, sorry, I can't help it.
So I'm like, is this like the movie big?
Well the shirt actually, hold on.
I like the shirt.
It's a little big.
Oh, it's coin up downtown.
Oh, I see.
I see.
The other voice you hear.
And they got a cease and desist on it and I have one of the last ones you can get.
Oh, that's fun to always get something that's been declared illegal.
The other voice you hear there, of course, Techmaster Loki joining us tonight.
Hi, Loki.
Hello.
I had worms crawling on me, so that was not good.
What?
Gross.
You know, it's the season where the oak worms or whatever those are, like fall from the
trees and stuff.
Oh.
So there was like something earlier, like I felt crawling on me and I like threw it
off.
No thanks.
I didn't see where it went.
My new house does not have a front or a backyard and this is why.
This is exactly what those things are.
We have a giant tree.
I don't know what they are.
They're like, I thought they're called oak worms.
I've never had worms fall out of a tree.
Well, they're less worms and more like caterpillar looking things.
They're like tiny little like green.
They're not.
It's more of a caterpillar.
Like a little grub?
I guess.
Yes.
Or it's got legs.
So, I mean, it's sort of, it's more caterpillar, but like, yeah, they hang from like a little
tiny, it looks like a, a spider web type thing.
They hang down a little string and they swing there in the tree and so they'll drop on you
sometimes.
All right.
Well, let me come back to you in a second, Loki, to talk about worms and not the, you
know, classic PC and PlayStation and a multi-platform game, but Dark Sakura, your shirt, Zoltar, it
makes me think there is actually, this is going to be very random, but I don't care.
There's actually a pokey stop portal, depending on what game you play, called Zoltar that
I saw in Vegas.
And so your shirt made me think of that because you know, those, those machines are kind of
everywhere in the big tourist trap areas.
So cool.
It's fun.
Yeah.
Going back to Loki, I see the game playing behind you tonight because we do tape live
every Sunday night at 9 PM Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv
slash a VOG network, VOG network, right after the Bobby black will show.
And you know, if you, if you watch our videos you can see us, you know, talking and doing
our show, but sometimes we have things going on behind us.
And so Loki has a Sonic the Hedgehog playing and I think hedgehog too.
Okay.
So I'm thinking this must be to do with the movie and knowing that you are a big Jim Carrey
fan, knowing that you have kids that are right around the right age for this, I'm going to
guess you went and saw Sonic 2 this weekend.
And how was it?
How was it?
I mean, it's great.
I loved it.
Yeah.
I love Jim Carrey.
Was that white parts in the mood?
There's parts of the movie that didn't need to be there.
They were, I don't know who they're supposed to be funny for, I guess adults, but it was
just like, kind of, it's fine, you know?
And funny, one of the characters in there is a character, it's an actor that was in
the show Criminal Minds that my wife has nicknamed Wigglebrows anyways, but it's funny to see
him play a special agent as well in this.
But yeah, it was great.
I think, you know, they really did a good job of capturing, you know, just all the characters
that are in it.
It's a little disappointing to hear that Jim Carrey might not be doing the next movie,
because he's retiring from acting, but we'll see.
If not, they can move with him.
Without getting spoilery, because I don't want to be mean.
There's some people that haven't seen it yet, but I understand there is a post credit sequence
that sets it up so that Jim Carrey doesn't have to be there.
Sort of.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
But there is something that was revealed that is, you know, they could make a movie around
that.
But it's not going to be as exciting for you, because you're just, you're a Jim Carrey fan.
Anyway, it's like Jim Carrey, old video games.
It's a good mix.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, the movie's number one in the box office this weekend, and it did even better than
the first one.
And I have to admit, I'm kind of not surprised, like, I think we're in this era now.
And I think this is why now Nintendo is revisiting the Mario movie concept, right?
Because we all know about the Mario movie in the late 80s that was not good, the one
with Bob Hoskins.
Right, because now you have people that, like, have grown up with video games that are now
directors and producers and stuff.
That's it.
We have the technology for the CG.
And that too, but like, you have people that actually care about the, you know, they grew
up with this stuff.
And now they want to, like, pay tribute to it instead of just like, oh, I'm a director
and I'm going to make a movie because it'll make money because it's a property type of
thing.
I only, only, only ever can think of John Leguizamo in one role.
I that was a CG.
I was going to say in To Wong Foo, I mean, some people might say like spawn or something,
but no.
Little Latin boy, why are you crying?
There's also the very good in spawn.
The Romeo and Juliet movie, which I loved.
I know a lot of people didn't love that Baz Luhrmann Romeo and Juliet I think was an incredibly
underrated movie.
I think that movie is phenomenal.
I think you have to be, well, I think you have to be a certain age.
I think it's one of those, like, it's definitely a Gen X movie, not just Gen X, but like Gen
X, late Gen X, where we are the Oregon Trail, Zillennial, if you will, that whole thing.
I think you have to specifically be in that age range to appreciate that Romeo and Juliet
movie.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know if it's because of who's in it, but, or, or just what it was doing for movies.
Well, speaking of what things are doing for movies, I haven't heard a bad thing about
that.
Everything everywhere all at once that new Michelle Yeoh movie.
I love her.
I absolutely love her.
I think she's one of the best things to happen to Star Trek in however long.
I think she's incredible.
And I'm, I'm happy she's getting to headline a movie and the fact that Jamie Lee Curtis
is in it and they got data to un-retire.
I think that, yeah, so that's the movie I wanted to go see this weekend, but we just
didn't get around to it.
We had some other stuff going, no, no, not, not that data.
I mean data, data from the Goonies, that data Star Trek.
And I was thinking, sorry, no, no, fair, fair, yeah, well, I'm sorry, short round round.
If you want to talk about Picard, let's talk about season three and un-retiring because
they just, they fucking got everybody, everybody, except for Wesley, but you know, but for all
we know, for all we know, he'll have a cameo, but you know, everybody's like, where's X,
where's Y, you know what?
They got the top lines there.
So I mean, if Denise Crosby shows up, that's just a plus at that point in my opinion.
So that's that.
Let's see, SJ 100 Matt in chat talking about the Sonic movie says they released it at the
right time.
Not a lot of big movies come out during Oscar season because they're too busy promoting
previous year's movies.
They came in just after that and the summer blockbusters.
Yeah, I think, and this is similar with games.
I know it's a video game podcast, but I think, I think that concept of like the right time
to release something kind of went out the window.
Like I don't think movies have to come out in the summer or the winter anymore.
And I think like, they just put out a Batman movie a few weeks ago.
Like, you know, there there's movies that do very scream.
The reboot did better, almost better than there.
I don't know how well it did, but I know it did better than scream four.
And that was like, what a January February release, you know, so honestly enough parsing
them out like this, remove some of the competition for people who have to pick and choose what
movies they're going to go see at any given point in time who don't have the disposable
income to go see multiple movies, especially with how expensive it's become.
Tiger Claw on chat says Sonic two made 71 million at the box office more than the first
movie.
Well, I'm not I'm not terribly surprised.
A on the pandemic kind of hobbled the first movie's ability to play more than what one
weekend.
That was just before pandemic.
Well, and I think a lot of people ended up seeing the first movie on demand and all that
stuff.
So I think this is a very interesting.
I mean, I talk about the pandemic like it's over.
It's not.
But we have precautions and vaccinations now.
So more people are willing to go out and do these types of things.
So and with everything you were saying, Matt, I think it's not just the directors and the
filmmakers that are the right age.
But it's the audience.
I mean, you admittedly, you are a perfect example for somebody that loves Sonic growing
up.
And now you have kids.
That's the thing is I never really played the Sonic games too much aside.
Did you have to?
Did you?
You know the basics?
You know, the Green Hill Zone melody, you know, Sonic goes fast, like I would bet that
when it comes to the story and the lore, and this is where I think Sonic three and so on
gets in trouble when you get to the more, I don't want to say B tier characters, but
it is what it well, we've all we've had the OLRN joke for forever about Sonic and all
of his shitty friends, right?
There's a lot of there's a lot of shitty friends that you know, are Yeah, so anyway.
The only reason I would want to see Sonic to though is because knuckles and who voiced
him.
He was knuckles was good.
He was a very good character knuckles I've always been a knuckles fan since since knuckles
came out.
So knuckles was my favorite part of playing a Sonic adventure.
Just as long as we don't get all the ones that came later does not necessary All right.
But I like I like like SPO and some of the chaotic characters Yeah, but like, they're
not going to have that same recognition because you have to know the games to know those types
of characters.
I think when they start getting that deep, it's going to get so difficult.
And I said this last movie, and I'm gonna say it again, because of the end, the end
credit stuff, but like, and this is not spoiler, they do this on both of the movies, they do
like kind of a replay of the movie, but done in the style of the eight big games or 16
big games.
They need to make a Sonic the Hedgehog the movie, like 2d side scrolling game done in
that graphic style, because it's, it's absolutely awesome.
Like it really needs to be a thing.
They need to make a movie.
That's Sonic racing with Danica Patrick starring in it.
She was Oh, yeah, she wasn't.
Yes, she was.
Yes, she was.
Well, that's gonna be the sake multiverse movies when they do one Sonic racing that
I care about that Sonic are and they actually get Lady Miss cure somehow to play ooh, la
la.
I don't care if she's like approaching 60.
At this point, she still needs to play ooh, la la.
It'll be amazing.
Anyway, s2100.
Matt has a great point in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network live on this Sunday night
saying, I will give them props talk about a total reversal, creepy Sonic from the first
movie, redoing Sonic because of it to an actual franchise that's breaking records.
You know what Matt brings up a great point about remember when that first Sonic movie
was in a heap of trouble because of how Sonic looked, and they actually went back and redid
it and now, you know, yeah, good point.
I mean, if they hadn't done that, we probably wouldn't have had this movie make $71 million
because we wouldn't have had it at all if Sonic hadn't hadn't changed from that first
one.
So that is is kind of an interesting point how that internet rage against the very first
Sonic trailer, maybe, maybe it's an example of internet rage actually doing some good
in this world.
Who knew?
Who knew?
Although I would pay to see a bad Sonic version of Sonic the movie, you know, just work.
It would be nice to have that cut like that, that extra that Blu ray extra, right?
Like that, like the like the cat butthole cut, you know, I need to see the bad Sonic
cut.
Absolutely.
All right, let's get into some news for the night.
And we're gonna get into the first and I just I just realized you want to hear something
really funny.
I just realized my stream deck is not even plugged in currently, so I can't scroll the
bar on the side.
So please give me a minute.
And we'll get into our first story and pretty soon the bar on the side for those watching
live at Twitch.
We'll catch up.
So let's get into our first story tonight.
Rob.
Yeah.
For the record, Lady Miss Keir has a tumbler.
Who still has a tumbler?
Even the tumbler.
Okay, yeah, I was gonna say, hold on her blog.
Hold up, Lady Miss contrarian because you just talked about your mass affecting tumbler
and how you don't use it anymore.
And you had a lot of people over there.
I'd still exist, but she's got a tumbler.
Interesting.
All right.
Let's move on to our kickoff topic for the night.
And that is about a game.
I don't think it was one of those.
We weren't expecting it this week.
But here it is.
Right, Loki?
Yeah, so we weren't expecting the announcement of Kingdom Hearts four, but that's what we
got a trailer.
And they were doing some 20th anniversary events.
And they wrapped up with the trailer for the new game or I guess sort of an announcement.
And then also an announcement for a game called Kingdom Hearts missing link.
I my main gripe right now with Kingdom Hearts four is that logo is awful.
It's awful because it looks like Kingdom.
It looks like Kingdom Hearts three.
It isn't good.
You're right.
The V look like a V and not just like it looks like Kingdom Hearts three at a glance like
you have to really get in there with a magnifying glass and go Okay, it's for you know, but
it's just, I don't know.
Otherwise the game looks I mean, it looks nice source obviously been like, he's looking
more, you know, for delicate as ever.
I mean, I don't know.
I I'm so far removed from Kingdom Hearts right now.
Like I can't even like,
Okay, get into this.
Mike Deft.
Mike never played it.
Mike Deft brings up a good question, which logo is better?
Street Fighter four or excuse me, Street Fighter six or Kingdom Hearts four?
Because I would say Street Fighter six Kingdom Hearts four for that.
Okay, so there's there's difference.
Street Fighter six, they put no effort into it Kingdom Hearts four they put effort into
it.
But like, the font is just bad that like it's just they they need to make a choice.
It was a choice like choices were made.
The arms of the V are vertical like they are parallel with each other.
It just it's hard to like I get it stylistic but like maybe make it more like a V. That's
my only complaint is such a minor complaint but it's it is weird because I was looking
at the logos.
I'm like, why do you have Kingdom Hearts three on there and then I had to like really look
at my Oh, that's for Okay, well, cool but so some other things so with the new trailer
that they had, they were showing some different kind of scenes that kind of shut off the better
graphics and one of the scenes was like of a creek or something like that.
And we see some metal looking thing that could possibly be like an AT AT or ATS t leg or
foot or something.
So folks are saying well, maybe Star Wars is going to be in there which is very possible
considering that Disney does own all of the properties now Star Star Wars making its way
in there would make a lot of sense.
And I thought I haven't hasn't ever had a discussion about that before when the third
game came out because that was right around the time that Disney was buying Star Wars
and there was like mutual interest around trying to do it again to get Avengers two.
I just want more Tron to be honest so same Yeah, yes.
But we'll see also look even more amazing now with all the Yeah, yeah, current gen graphics
deaf to saying Simpsons world and Kingdom Hearts for although that's still all the Disney
own Fox now what doesn't Disney Oh, they do own Jesus.
We have X.
Oh, that's right.
Because Frank inverters world, but then I want my Rocky horror picture show world Transylvania
we need it.
So who I mean, literally anything and everything can be in there.
But it looks like judging for the trailer.
It's more of a and I think the gag would be that it's the real world.
And that maybe it's real world locations.
And that could be very interesting as well.
I think also surprising for a lot of people with the trailer I know it was for me is that
there's gameplay in it or hypothetical gameplay.
One could argue that we're looking at target render with that, that maybe it doesn't actually
look like that.
Yeah, but still, you get the sense that there is, you know, gameplay, you know, you're looking
at it.
And and the reason why I say it's surprising is because I think most people expected when
they announced Kingdom Hearts for it'll have Sora Donald goofy fade in, fade out logo,
some cryptic thing that doesn't make sense because the story doesn't make sense those
games anyway.
And then that's it.
We'll see the game in 25 years.
And that's, that's, that's where we figured that but now it's like, oh, it's maybe they
actually have something playable in there.
Wow, okay, maybe we will be seeing this thing a little bit sooner.
Because everybody's been joking about how it's going to be, you know, 50 years before
even I wrote that tweet where I'm like, I can't wait to play it in heaven because I'll
be dead before this thing comes out.
But some folks are saying you know what, maybe it's not going to be so bad.
I guess I guess from Kingdom Hearts three announcement to game arrival was only six
years.
Only just just to put it in perspective.
If this game comes out in only six years, we'll, we'll, we'll be 50 or damn close to
it.
Getting to play this game.
As soon as I mean, considering that they said they celebrated their 20th anniversary, and
there's only three games out well three, you know, there's more than three there's a start
to see a points out it's the 16th game in the timeline, there's more than three.
It's just the third mainline game, you're forgetting all the line of all that she could
one that I am not going to try to explain on this three hour podcast, because three
hours isn't enough time to explain the plot of Kingdom Hearts.
It's just not to go along with all that.
So because Kingdom Hearts four was, I guess, announced and everything there, folks are
saying that the GeForce now link or leak that had Kingdom Hearts four I guess as part of
that is expected to maybe be true.
I don't know though Kingdom Hearts four seems kind of like an easy guess that there's going
to be a Kingdom Hearts four I mean,
it is but I guess you know what wasn't as easy of a guest was Chrono Cross getting remastered.
And it's kind of like it's all happening around the same time.
And I think that's what's lending itself to this.
But here's the thing.
Okay, so they talk about a Final Fantasy nine remake, and I feel like everybody's brain
is going to what they did with Final Fantasy seven remake.
And I'm like, hold your horses, people.
Hold your horses.
Because who's to say the Final Fantasy nine remake isn't going to look like the Final
Fantasy eight remaster or whatever it is they did recently.
And that is it's kind of garbage.
Like I'm sorry, and that isn't me trying to dig on the game because you all know, I don't
care for the gameplay and Final Fantasy eight, the plot is fine.
I don't care for the gameplay.
But I mean, playing it on because it was on Xbox Game Pass not that long ago, it looked
like duty kaka because you had these like new sprites on blurred backgrounds.
It just it was really not a good look.
And I'm understanding again, I don't want to pick a fresh wound.
But a lot of the feedback I'm hearing on Chrono Cross is that it's in a similar place.
So I worry the Final Fantasy nine is going to be ending up this direction as well, in
which case hard pass.
It doesn't look like it's worth the restoration to be honest.
So I didn't even play it the first time.
Oh, Final Fantasy nine.
Yeah, I started it and it was so boring.
It like I think the game plays better than eight, but y'all know how I feel about eight,
but I do have a better story.
I do agree that the plot for nine is it just doesn't hold up in your memory as well as
almost any of the other games in the franchise save for maybe like two and 15.
I didn't care about the story in nine.
Exactly.
I didn't care about the characters.
They were not engaging.
Yeah.
I kind of agree with you on that.
And I that was one of the games I did pick that up right at launch too.
And I remember playing it going, Oh, I was expecting more seven and eight.
This is all right, I guess.
But now Final Fantasy nine could also be a middle ground.
And I would say that's the live a live route where they're using the engine for triangle
strategy and Octopath Traveler and all that.
I think that would be great.
However, my I want to see that was six.
Well, I need to see that was six or four.
My only concern with that is that live alive was a Super Nintendo game.
And that engine looks to be a little better at adapting Super Nintendo stuff.
But I'm also not a programmer.
So I don't want to sit here and say it's easier or harder.
I just if Final Fantasy nine were to look like that live live reboot, I think that would
do a lot more justice.
But I also agree with what you're saying, Loki, is that I would far more want to see
four or five and six all done in that engine first.
And honestly, and this may shock you, I would love to see Chrono Trigger in that engine
as well.
So I hope that live alive does very well for them.
And they are convinced to put more of the Super Nintendo catalog in there.
And then there's Oh, gosh, there's also those rumors about Enix titles that were under consideration
at one point.
Do you know, I, I will put out for the quintet trilogy to come back.
Brain Lord and Terran.
I will put out like, show me who I have to put it.
I will do it.
I will do and you're welcome next.
It's, it's such a good trilogy.
And I would love those.
Those games really need to come back.
I mean, like Final Fantasy six, Final Fantasy four.
I love those games.
They literally just got re released.
You know, whether, whether you cared for the re release or not, they literally just
got re released.
So we probably don't need to revisit those games again for five years.
Gaia, Terranigma.
Those games have never been touched since the Super Nintendo days.
Never been touched.
So I think those games are due.
So fingers and toes crossed, to be honest.
S2 100.
Matt in chat says, I feel like Final Fantasy nine came out at the end of the PlayStation
one life cycle, which at that point I moved on to Dreamcast and other stuff.
Well, that's a lot of the problem.
Final Fantasy 12 faced is it came out at the end of the PlayStation two life cycle.
Not every PlayStation three could play PlayStation two stuff.
And a lot of people were going to Xbox 360 at that point.
So a lot of people miss Final Fantasy 12.
So 12 really didn't get its due until the, the remaster they did recently.
And, you know, honestly, a lot of the work that the team did on Final Fantasy 14, because
it's the same business unit within Square Enix that did 12.
I don't think it's technically the same business, but a lot of the same people that did 12 did
14.
And there's a lot with that.
So anyway, so the earlier Nvidia leak, honestly, it's probably it's true.
Let's just let it's true, but I'm more excited for the tactics.
Now.
Now there's, there's a game for live, alive.
I was like, there's the game that, and that it's, it's sure.
Okay.
We, we had advance on, um, the Game Boy advance.
You know what?
Final Fantasy Tactics.
It's time.
Let's, let's, let's do that one in the live, alive engine.
I'd be very happy about that.
I don't even like tactical games.
That one I really like.
So there's that.
All right.
Let's talk about other things we like in our gaming week with a segment that we call.
How was your gaming week?
Where we talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Dark soccer.
I'll start with you.
Um, I'm playing, uh, taking density three.
Uh, I should be done with it soon.
Come to think of it.
Um, I just got flammie.
I was so excited to get flammie.
I peeked at your stream last night for a hot minute and I could tell you're close to the
end.
Yeah.
Um, I, uh, word.
I'm also playing, um, dead by daylight and I actually had like the most amazing round
of pig games and then I played somebody else and it was kind of crap, but all my pig games
were great.
And then I made friends in one of my last pig games cause it turned into a boop match.
And if anyone doesn't know what boop in the snoot is, go look it up.
Cause I had many, many snoot boops.
Um, and I made friends with, with like the entire party.
So it was pretty great.
Um, other than that, I've just been prepping stuff up for my birthday marathon on Thursday
and you know, just trying to think of welts I'm going to be playing as I am going to do
Terranigma next.
And I've just been getting things prepped up for that and need to go find sprites to
do my chat windows and whatnot.
But yeah.
Well, good luck with the, uh, birthday marathon on Thursday.
So, uh, if I can stay awake, I can barely keep my eyes open now.
Hope you get cake or whatever it is you desire.
I bought myself a cake.
Uh, what kind of cake?
A little chocolate torte.
Yummy.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, mostly Minecraft.
As usual, I've been just working on prepping stuff for future episodes and all that.
Uh, I don't remember this week was look at the calendar here.
I think I did some of the April fool's stuff this week.
Yeah.
Cause we, we had our, I did a late roll fools stuff.
So I was pulling pranks, I guess, on our server, um, doing different things with that.
So I put out a video about that and that was fun.
Uh, I did play something else other than just Minecraft.
I checked out cause I saw another YouTuber playing it, uh, Ali 43.
There was this game called instruments of destruction.
It's kind of like, um, Oh God, I don't even remember the original game now.
Um, it's basically a game where you build machines that can break stuff and then you
drive them through these islands and you break stuff with them.
So it's all physics based.
Um, you've got like a saw blades and stuff you can put on your machines, wrecking balls
and all sorts of things in it.
Everything breaks really nice.
There's lots of physics involved with everything.
So it just looks really cool.
So I checked it out and it's all right.
It, it, I don't know if I play it for a long time, but it's, it's okay.
I'm really now I'm kind of bothered cause I don't remember what that other game I'm
thinking of was.
There was another one though, similar kind of style where you didn't really like the
break things you had to like defeat an army of like, it's like a medieval thing.
I don't remember his call though, but, um, both fun.
So yeah, check it out if you like that kind of, you know, physics based stuff.
It's still an early access, but it's only like 20 bucks.
So it's not bad.
Uh, that's it.
I didn't get to play as any DDR this week because it was a little warm.
It was like, we're almost 90.
So the garage, right?
Uh, this week should be a little bit better than this.
Hopefully I'll get into a little bit of that.
It's supposed to be in the sixties tomorrow.
Yeah.
And for like the early part of the week too.
So looking forward to that, what's that game?
I don't know why I'm going through my steam library.
Like, Oh, there it is.
Like I'm going to find it amongst all these like 700 games that are in here.
But, um, yeah, that was, it's a fun game.
Just check it out though.
Right.
Uh, my gaming week, um, I have a confession to make.
This is, this is hard.
Okay.
Um, this week I, I played Fortnite.
I don't know why I, I've seen a lot.
Okay.
I can try Roblox next.
I've seen a lot of, a lot of my friends play Fortnite.
I've seen a lot of, like, it seems to be having this weird resurgence on Twitch lately.
Well, it's actually, no, it's not weird.
I'm telling you what the secret sauce is.
It's the no build mode is that now everybody is like, Oh, Fortnite's interesting again.
Which is funny because you know, a lot of the Fortnite faithful were like, Oh, they're
going to add this mode that just makes it generically like every other shooter.
And that's going to make the game more interesting.
Yeah, yeah, it is actually because the building thing put a lot of people off and yeah, the
fact that now it's just like every other shooter.
So it's easier to get into, but it's every other shooter with Ariana Grande, the Marvel
cinematic universe, Assassin's Creed characters, the kitchen sink, whatever else they're throwing
at this game.
It actually makes it kind of interesting.
So, um, yeah, I've been playing a little bit of Fortnite.
Actually, it's the creative mode for me and it's, it's interesting.
I give Epic games a lot of shit and rightfully so let's be clear.
Tim Sweeney is kind of an asshole on social media.
Like I'm just I'm just he's kind of an asshole on social media.
But I can't ignore that he created ZZT, right?
Which which is a retro game that a lot of us hold in high fucking regard, right is ZZT.
And it's interesting because when I play creative mode in Fortnite, I see those little glimpses
of ZZT.
Like, and I kind of go, I see, I see how we got from that to this.
Not that I'm saying Fortnite's as good as ZZT, nothing's ever going to live up to those
memories from those days.
But I see how we got from that to this.
And I think it's kind of interesting.
I don't know.
So there's been that I've also been playing Final Fantasy 14 because there's finally the
new patch, the first Endwalker patch is out on Tuesday.
And I'm really hyped for it because we really don't know where the story is going next.
You know, because they wrapped everything up at the end of the patch 6.0.
I've also really enjoyed in the past couple weeks, I really like to watch reaction videos
to a few of the big cutscenes towards the end of Endwalker.
I won't repeat because I know not everybody here has played it.
But there's some very key cutscenes towards the end of the game and watching people's
reaction to them just they get very sad.
And then I get very sad.
And it's this very interesting sort of therapy thing.
So I'm really excited for some news story and to see what we can react to next in that
game because they really did kind of close up most of the loose ends at the end of Endwalker.
So be curious to see where they go next.
So Zen Monkey 11 in chat says, Wait a minute, this is the first time I'm hearing this, they
remove the building in the game?
Or is it just a new mode?
If they remove the building, that's done.
That was the main thing I liked about it.
It is a new mode.
So when you go to select like, do you want to play squad?
Do you want to play?
You can also play zero build is a new mode they put in it.
And there's a lot of people that are into that.
So yeah, it's just a new mode.
So if you if you're a building loyalist, then you still have your thing.
Don't worry about it.
I think for a temporary amount of time, zero build was the only way to play but that's
that's done.
So that's that on Fortnite.
Fifth Dream says I want to come back to Final Fantasy 14 when more stuff is soloable in
future patches.
Well, that's one of the big things about this patch they're putting out is that I believe
the entirety of a realm reborn is now soloable.
So all of those dungeons they've remade to be trust dungeons.
They are completely redoing the end game story dungeons, the Praetorium and Castrum meridian
are now four player not eight player and you can run them with trust.
So yeah, so they're there.
Realm Reborn I think is going to be 100% soloable.
I might be wrong in that you might have to do a couple of fights still in a party but
it should be very minimal.
So I think it's interesting.
And that's the part that's free to play too, which is even more interesting.
So I think they let the free to play players back in.
Yes, they did.
They did.
So otherwise, I've been playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight.
I was giggling when Dark Soccer was talking about the pig boops that she was giving out
because I booped a pig.
That was the first time that I had a pig and not try to kill me and I was able to sneak
up and go boop on the snoot and then run out the door.
Did you boop a pig and you liked it?
I did.
I did boop the pig and they could have killed me.
They actually knocked me out.
Oh, I know why they were mad.
They couldn't find me the entire match.
The other three died and finally this pig finds me.
I'm really good at hiding and being immersed.
The pig knocked me out just because they wanted to put a party hat on me, which if you've
seen the movie Saw, you know what the party hats are.
They're not party hats.
Actually, it was only ever on one character.
I think it was in the first movie and it was on Amanda.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
They use their trap.
They use it again later for sure.
I don't want to spoil, but I didn't watch.
I didn't care about any of this, but I think they only used it like one other time.
At least twice that I know of in the canon.
It wasn't like I don't think people who don't play Dead by Daylight are going to understand
what the party hat is.
Oh, yeah.
So it's the reverse bear trap thing.
So anyway, my point is the pig put that thing on and then allowed me to get out and crawl
out or whatever.
And then I was able to boop the snoot and run out, which I forgot.
I didn't know you could leave the party hat on.
I thought you couldn't, but I guess you can after all the gens are done.
Yeah, if you get the hat on after the gens are done, you can safely leave or you can
leave the hatch with it.
Okay, that's why.
Which is why, like, the only time I'll ever do it after after gens are done is just for
blood points.
Got it.
Okay.
And that was really it for my gaming week.
I really have a lot else.
So let's get into some gaming news and talk about what is going on around the industry.
And we will start with Loki.
That game I was thinking of, by the way, was Besiege.
That was that was very similar.
Okay.
Anyways, so here's some good news about Activision Blizzard for change.
We're in, you know, backwards world now.
Apparently 1100 workers are going to be moved to full time roles.
This is their US based QA workers.
They are no longer going to be contract employees.
They're going to be full time employees with benefits starting July 1st.
I'm thinking this is to try to quell additional unions, but good, I guess, because I know
the QA workers on as part of Raven had, I believe, try the former union as a big strike.
And then, yeah, so but at least you know that the QA employees are going to be moved to
full time.
They're going to be paid 20 or at minimum, I guess, $20 an hour.
Good.
Seems kind of low for QA work, but okay.
But once again, I think it's just throwing them a bone.
I say good because the fact that they're setting that means that doesn't exist now.
So it's coming up.
They're being paid even less.
But on top of all that, though, like probably with a union, you could have got more.
But yeah, something is better than nothing.
Well, and it's also nice to see the benefits.
It's nice to see that a lot of the action that the employees have worked hard with the
organization efforts that they have done thus far have resulted in meaningful change.
Some may argue how meaningful this is, but it is change in the direction that people
wanted to see it.
And let's be honest, we would not be talking about this whatsoever right now if employees
hadn't taken the first steps to ask for that or to demand that change.
So it's just still unionized, though, on top of that.
Oh, of course.
But you're right that a lot of these things are probably in an effort to prevent that
from happening, I guess.
But anyhow, let's move on and talk about PlayStation Plus, which I believe we talked
a little bit about last week about how it is confirmed there's going to be that whole
three tier system for PlayStation Plus.
It's basically a lot of PlayStation now that already exists, but now with a lot of retro
game, a lot more retro games.
And a lot of people are wondering what type of retro games.
Well, on the official PlayStation podcast this week, Jim Ryan, the boss of PlayStation,
was a guest, as you would expect on the official PlayStation podcast from time to time, and
said that subscribers can look forward to, here's the quote, all the big names.
So when a question was asked, the reply, quote, massive publisher participation.
We have all the big names present.
We have big publishers.
We have small indie publishers.
We have over 200 partners working with us to put their content into PlayStation Plus.
So the lineup is going to be really strong.
Now, here's the thing, if they're even missing one game, we know the internet people, we
know social media people, they are going to fixate on that one game.
I know this internet.
I've been around this internet for a long time, y'all.
And it'll be interesting to see all those Activision games in there.
The internet will absolutely fixate on what games are missing.
Or are they going to be in there?
Oh, Activision?
I would assume so.
I would assume so.
Sure.
Because games pass.
I would think that'd make it look much more, they'll be on their platform, but maybe not
necessarily part of Plus.
I think it'll be there.
Because it's still some money and it's better than no money, which is what those games are
otherwise making.
So, but of course, it also is kind of confirmed those games will, or PlayStation Plus, the
new version is not going to be first party launches.
So whereas Xbox Game Pass has Starfield, Halo Infinite coming out day one, don't expect
God of War Ragnarok to come out on PlayStation Plus.
In the interview, Jim Ryan said, the games that we make are getting bigger.
They're getting better.
They're getting more beautiful.
They're getting richer.
The narrative is getting stronger.
Putting these games into a subscription service immediately upon their release would break
this virtuous circle.
And we wouldn't be able to invest in the way that we're currently able to.
So we're not doing it.
We're going to stick to the approach that we have and has served us well under many
years now.
And by they're getting richer, they mean Sony's getting richer because of their $70
price point and, you know, games, you know, different season passes and microtransactions
and that kind of stuff that they have to walk back later on after it becomes really
terrible.
You said it with microtransactions, because here's the thing.
If this, well, if these games like God of War Ragnarok have non-meaningful DLC in it.
And when I say that, I mean, like, non, I mean, DLC that is not an extensive story
addition.
If it has non-meaningful DLC in it, then that whole statement is bullshit in my opinion.
If God of War Ragnarok has a season pass, that's a bullshit statement.
Now, because like Gran Turismo, like, for example, it did that.
Well, but well, they're paying for it now, aren't they?
Because it's that one's pretty much universally lauded as the worst in the series at this
point.
So there is that.
Also, I thought I was going to say with oh, with Microsoft.
We see that there are things like, you know, Forza Horizon 4, as brilliant of a game as
that is, there is no shortage of DLC in that game.
Halo Infinite season pass.
So Microsoft does monetize it in other ways.
So that's why I'm kind of putting that AMB comparison there.
Because again, in Jim Ryan's words, we wouldn't be able to invest in the way that we're
currently able to.
But it's a season pass for Halo for single player or for multiplayer multiplayer, because
multiplayer is free.
Right.
But then there's season pass for cosmetics on top of that.
Well, that makes sense.
If it's a free to play game, right?
Not a $70 game that Sony is charging for the racing sim.
So yeah, no, that's true.
So I will be even take something like I don't know, like Forza Horizon 4, or whatever it
is, is that Forza Horizon 4 is bad.
Yeah, as far as microtransactions.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry, I keep Jamie.
Jeremy, every time you get up and walk away, it screws up my Discord thing.
Sorry.
Just are you back?
Okay, I don't think she's back.
All right.
Anyway, Bobby Black Wolf does point out Forza Horizon 5 actually doesn't have any DLC yet.
What about the map and all that stuff that isn't in that game?
Like the pay to unlock the entire map and all that stuff?
Oh, all right.
I guess I'm misremembering.
I thought there was like cars and stuff.
Oh, yeah, the treasure map.
Okay, so there's at least something in there.
Okay, there's no new car packs yet.
All right.
All right.
That's what the chat is filling me in on.
Okay.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's go to our next story.
Dark Sakura.
I need I need a moment.
Sorry.
Sure.
Let's see if there's other comments in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Where?
Yeah, SJ100 Matt's confirming getting paid to unlock the map.
Oh, Mike Deft is bringing up Chocobo GP.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah, that game.
But I mean, technically, that game exists in a free to play mode.
But they still it's still bad, even on the paid mode or whatever.
They still have like a ton of the microtransactions stuff in there.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says I still paid $100 for her for horizon five, even though
I have game pass, but I'm weird.
Yeah, no, it's your money.
Spend it on how you want.
I think one of the smart things Microsoft did was that whole like three days of early
access, because you know, people will pay extra money to be able to play it first.
And I think that's they're not the first to do it.
We've seen that we've seen that for worse as well on EA side, when they put out like
Mass Effect Andromeda early, and just enough in time for people to find all the bugs and
shine a light on it.
But for Forza Horizon five was ready for prime time.
That was the difference.
So there was that.
Um, okay.
Okay, I guess I could talk about this while we wait for Jamie.
Pod culture and chat chat says fill time and tell us about the new thing that you and Alan
picked up.
Okay, I will.
Here's the I've been hesitant to talk extensively about it because we are in the process of
adopting a cat.
So you'll notice I didn't say we adopted a cat.
We're in the process of adopting a cat.
Because we're doing that whole trial run thing.
We did identify a cat who has a very similar story to Mr. Smoosh.
And yes, everything's fine with Mr. Smoosh.
We've always just wanted to have more than one cat.
And now that we have a house with no landlord to tell us how many cats we can and can't
have.
I mean, we know we should probably limit ourselves.
We shouldn't have like 20 cats.
I want to that might that might be a problem.
But two cats.
That's reason two cats is reasonable.
I would say three is about the most two is reasonable for me.
Everybody's different.
I don't run your life.
But for us, you know, in this house, two or three is fine.
So yes, we are trial running a new cat.
His name is cheddar.
We didn't name him, but he's a Japanese bobtail cat.
So he has more of like a bunny rabbit tail than a full cat tail.
So he was called cheddar, because whoever found that cat originally because cheddar
is six years old at this point.
And that's another reason why we wanted to try to adopt cheddar is because not a lot
of people adopt adult cats.
But Smoosh is seven or eight.
So we wanted to get a cat that was around smoosh his age and he has a real similar story
where cheddar was abandoned for my story.
Okay, I'll get to you in just a sec because now I'm talking to this other thing.
So cheddar, you know, has this story.
And so we're trial running to see if cheddar will work out.
He's been he's a very shy boy, and he's been very, very shy and skittish.
He has not been using the litter box.
I think he finally did last night, but he's barely eating or drinking.
He's just a scared little boy, or big boy at this point.
So I'm hoping soon, we can mix cheddar and smoosh.
But, you know, we got to wait for cheddar to get a little more comfortable before we
put the stress of another cat.
So everybody cross your fingers and toes.
Dark soccer got to meet cheddar today because she was by the house.
So hopefully, yeah, hopefully everybody likes cheddar.
So all right, let's go to the next story dark soccer.
So there have been reports of GameStop call, you know, various GameStop stores calling
customers and canceling their preorders of the Amico from Intellivision.
There's emails and screenshots up and the email reads, Dear so and so, due to vendor
cancellation, we will be unable to fulfill your order number, etc.
We will be canceling your order and you will not be charged.
Also, members of the Intellivision Amico club have been reporting that their orders were
also canceled.
And the it's a big red flag.
And so basically, I think that they're realizing that they weren't getting the investments
in it that they needed to have to be able to fulfill the orders.
So yeah, it's it's pretty much going to be gone.
What's interesting is that and I've made it no secret on this program, I preordered
Amico, you know, it was in a very different place two years ago.
And it's it's interesting.
I I'm not going to be like the biggest Intellivision or Amico defender in this world.
But what I find interesting is the massive hate boner people have for Tommy Tallarico
and really want to see him fail.
Even though he's no longer involved, essentially, at this point, people really want to see him
fail.
And in my mind, that completely disregards a lot of the independent developers who wanted
to make games for this thing.
And a lot of you know, that that end of it.
And there was a lot of interesting, I think, methodologies into the developments of the
games to this console where I wanted to see where it would kind of turn out.
And I thought it was going to be interesting.
Again, that vision was a lot different in February of 2020 than where we're at now with
all that's happened since then.
So, you know, I at this point, I assume I'm not seeing my $100.
Again, that that here we go again, I should have learned my Kickstarter lesson, I should
never back these things ever back these things.
And I swear I won't ever again until there is actually a product.
No, until there is actually a product on the table.
That's why I didn't even back the new Yacht Club Games thing.
And I'm sure they'll deliver on that.
But I'm just sick and fucking tired of Kickstarter.
And things like it.
I am sick and fucking tired of it.
So like, I'm not going to do any more these things until we actually have like, like,
it's got to be for publishing or something where that is what the Kickstarter is backing,
that there's an actual finished product ready to go.
I'm pissed off that we had somebody on this show that was making a game on Kickstarter.
That game still isn't fucking out.
I'm not having Kickstarter guests on this show ever again.
So I say that and then fast forward to a year from now we have one on.
But if it's again, if it's somebody I know, might be different.
And somebody again, where there's like publishing and that whole thing.
It depends how much of a kickstart they need.
I'm willing to consider on a case by case basis.
But you know, I think I kind of I've learned my lesson time and time again.
I've also been asked, if the amico comes out, will you still want one?
Yeah, I do.
Because now we're at the point where this is like the 3DO.
And it's like, it's going to be a collector's item.
So yeah, I want an amico.
I just don't think I'm getting one.
I have not gotten one of these emails, though, which is and I did not order through GameStop
I ordered directly through Intellivision's website.
But you even said there a lot of the people in the Intellivision got any I didn't get an email.
And I was listening to Bobby's show tonight.
And I know he backed it.
He didn't get an email either.
So there's a weird circle of people that didn't get this.
Maybe it's on its way.
Maybe next week, I'll be like, well, the email came in, y'all.
Um, but it's because they have the date, the release date.
I don't know.
I'm assuming this placeholder for the 31st of March.
And they had a thing where it actually charged people for their preorder.
It charged them the full amount because, you know, it was set to come out already.
But then the vendor didn't update the date.
And I'm guessing they don't have an updated date for it.
That's why they're refunding them.
Because amico is certainly not refunding people, even if you ask for a refund.
So if you have one preordered through other means, stop that payment ASAP, because you're
not going to get your money back otherwise.
And they're the reason I think people are mad at taught me to go, not necessarily because
they just want to see him fail.
It's because he's been basically not addressing issues with or concerns that people have and
just calling people haters.
And also just straight up lying about what the system can do when it's available, what
you know, everything just hyping the thing up to a ridiculous point and having nothing
to show for it.
They just put out an unboxing video to try to secure even more investments right now.
Probably, I think there's somebody in Germany that they're trying to secure investments
for to make it look like it's an actual product.
But this product isn't even a thing.
It didn't come off the assembly line.
It's a prototype that they've had in their office, but they're passing it off.
It's like, look, see, the product's almost ready to go.
It's a bunch of bullshit.
Here's the thing.
That's why people are mad at him.
He's and he's not the first carnival barker in this industry.
Let's be real.
There's a lot of them out there.
A lot of carnival barkers in the industry.
I think there's a sense of pride with this whole they got screwed by the, you know, the
computer chip people, because that's that's the core problem at the end of the day here.
No, it's not.
You know what?
No, what they got screwed by is their stupid idea, their stupid business decisions.
They literally have taken out a loan from one of the shareholders.
It's one of the people that's on the board where they have in order to pay it back.
They have to take $100 off of or they have to take $100 for every unit sold.
How are you going to make any profit on a console?
Consoles don't have that kind of margin as it is.
So that's doomed to failure right there.
They're just trying to make the company look, you know, good enough to sell it off is what
they're going to do.
So it's it's just bad.
There's a lot of just bad stuff.
I've been following it and it's all bad.
There's nothing good from it.
Well, but also, you know, again, there were people that were developing for this thing
that were like, you know, the people that were making that breakout redo, that is essentially
the bit trip gang.
You know, they were putting out what looked like a pretty quality product for that console.
No matter how you feel about it.
That game looks like it was, you know, making the best of it by the way.
Oh, did it really?
I actually didn't know that platforms already.
It's that that's a telltale sign.
Slightly different.
You know, yeah, that's why that game looked good, because it was already being developed
for other platforms.
Tommy wanted everything to be exclusive to their platform.
But that also could mean that it's an exclusive mode that's in there or something like that.
But it would have a certain gameplay option.
There was was that was that was the backing down because his his big mouth got him into
trouble, right?
The moon later game that he had or whatever, their couch co-op mode in that is that each
person gets a different button they use to control the thing.
So one person may move left, one person may move right, one person may jump, the other
person may do something else.
That's stupid.
It's absolutely dumb like that.
That's their big selling point of about this couch co-op and bringing the family together
and stuff.
And I whatever, none of these games are coming out.
I don't even know why we're concerned with stuff.
And the fact that they sold these NFT things for games that they know are never going to
be released.
That's ridiculous.
Somebody saw dollar signs in that.
That's all this NFT ever is, is that people that's why celebs are getting involved.
They just see dollar signs.
That's all they see.
That was that was an escape hatch for Intellivision to get these funding issues.
Oh, people are paying $100,000 for NFTs.
Let's get in on that.
Like that's that's that's all it is.
So anyway, for now, let's move on for more stories.
Loki about another gaming company face a boy if you think you think Intellivision has bad
owners, try this next was bad.
It's like, you know, on the board of a company.
How about Mohammed Buzzsaw or Salman?
You know, the guy that, you know, murdered people.
Allegedly murdered.
He murdered people.
OK, he killed people, killed, you know, reporters and stuff like that.
Well, he owns 96.18% of SNK now.
So because he invested in them and so, yeah, so now now when you buy an SNK game, know
that the money is going to a goddamn murderer.
So how do we feel good about those King of Fighter games?
How do we get that to stop?
How do we take and I realize the answer is you don't.
But I think a lot of people are feeling some type of way because, you know, we also have
that news about Elon Musk buying, you know, his a stake of Twitter and buying a seat on
the board, essentially.
And look, I'm not trying to necessarily equate those two people, but the reality is it's
on a lot of people's mind as well this week.
And I think a lot of people are like, how can we stop that from happening?
And most people are like, you can't.
And it just seems weird, like that you can't stop him from coming in and taking over that
much of the company where now it just feels like dirty.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I just.
But as nothing you can do, SSG 100.
SSG 100.
Matt wants to point out, you know, before everybody starts protesting and the whole
basically lending itself to it is you really can't be an ethical consumer in a capitalist
society is really what it is as to 100.
Matt says he sadly owns a lot of minority shares of many companies, banks, airlines,
etc.
But who's going to hold him accountable?
Nobody, nobody.
And that's that's that's what gets very frustrating about this world sometimes.
Anyway, let's try to move on to happier news and things that maybe, you know, we can we
can we can wrap ourselves in a little blanket and feel better about these types of news
for what they're worth.
And that is return to Monkey Island.
Yes, it's a thing that's absolutely want to return to Monkey Island.
It's it's not just an April Fool's joke.
And it's by Ron Gilbert.
I Ron Gilbert is indeed working on a new entry called Return to Monkey Island.
It's going to come out this year.
There is a new trailer available on YouTube.
It is a follow up to Monkey the Secret Monkey Island and Monkey Island to Le Chunk's Le
Chunk Le Chuck's Revenge.
Le Chunk was from the Goonies.
Sorry.
So I guess this is Monkey Island three in some ways.
Terrible Toy Box is making this game.
They made Thimbleweed Park for those that know that one, which was a great.
Yeah, that was like a giveaway on Epic Game Store and stuff.
Not that long ago.
Also, Rex Crowl, who did design with games like Tearaway and Little Big Planet.
That's a pretty good name.
That's he's the art director.
So that's going to be pretty exciting.
It's good.
Yeah.
Otherwise, we don't know a whole lot more about it.
That's pretty much all we know at this time.
But this is this also has nothing to do with because Telltale did a Monkey Island game
like they did a reboot of the first game a while ago.
Right.
But this is not this has nothing to do with any of that.
So this is a new a new game from the Thimbleweed Park folks.
They are collaborating with Lucasfilm Games, a Disney company.
I don't think Lucasfilm actually has their own development studio at this point.
No, it's like a holdings thing at this point.
It's licensing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As 100 Matt points out, they're also getting the voice cast from the previous games.
That's pretty cool.
That's that is like literally like the 90s television reboot, like the X Files coming
back for another season or Roseanne.
But then Roseanne's a monster.
So it's the Connors comes back for a new season and all these and all the game shows.
Press Your Luck is back and all these game shows coming back.
It's like the video game version of that.
And they're getting the band all back together to do the voices.
So that's pretty cool.
We get another Maniac Mansion game because I'd like to see another Maniac Mansion game.
It's all about the money.
Bobby Black Wolf points out he's bringing in characters from the later Monkey Island
games that he didn't do.
So he's not honoring their story, but he's honoring the characters.
That reminds me of the Blaster Master Zero franchise making that character from the FX
Nine books canon to the series.
Eve is canon to the series based on those books that hardly anybody read.
But yeah, anyway.
So yeah, it's still it's still it's exciting that it's coming back.
So that'd be nice.
All right.
Maybe something exciting for the future up next.
Dark Sakura?
I swear every time I try to unmute, it mutes itself right back again.
Um, so the director of Sonic 2, basically his name is Jeff Fowler.
He's gone on record saying that he would love to do a Smash Brothers movie.
The quote is nothing would make me happier than to throw all the characters into a battle
royale, getting Mario and Sonic in the ring.
I mean, everyone would be kind of dying for that, right?
It's a classic.
So and I mean, in that game, though, would touch so many different franchises that I
think the licensing would be very difficult because it's not just Nintendo.
We have Namco, we have Capcom, we have all kinds of of areas.
I just don't know how something like that would work.
Or they could go like early Smash Brothers and just throw Sonic in there.
Yes.
You know, that way they don't license too much.
It's all Nintendo, really.
Yeah, but still, I don't know.
I don't know how they make this.
The story works fine for a game.
I don't know that it would work well for a movie.
Bobby does point out Wreck-It Ralph did the multiple license thing pretty well.
But it didn't showcase they were mostly background people.
Yeah, everyone who was a main character was effectively someone new.
I think this is one of those weird fan expectations that shouldn't exist in reality.
It seems very disconnected from the reality of how movies get financed and all that stuff.
Like, I'm just being honest.
Sure, as a video gaming fan, the idea of a Super Smash Brothers movie and all those characters
on screen is awesome.
But the reality is, A, I don't see where the plot comes from.
B, I feel like getting all those characters together in one place is going to be too expensive
for the type of movie that you're going to get.
S200 Matt says Rob is ruining everyone's fanfic dreams.
That's what I do here.
It is what it is.
Like, I think we should just all focus on right now, hoping that the Mario movie is
going to be really good, despite whatever reservations I have about the voice actors.
Yeah.
And the Sonic movies have been well received, whether you like them or not.
At the end of the day, they made money.
That's what it's about.
Detective Pikachu.
It made money, right?
They're going to make another one, if I remember right.
So there you got that.
If the Mario movie does well, you know, like, that's that's got to be the first step.
These movies have to make quite a bit of money, and then maybe we'll cross that bridge.
But I feel like if the Mario movie does well, it's going to lend itself to the Donkey
Kong movie and Donkey Kong Country in that.
And I, I just-
Donkey Kong is supposed to be in that movie.
I know, but there's all the rumors about they're setting it up for a spinoff intentionally.
So I think Nintendo kind of has to, like, live that out for a little bit before it's
going to be, okay, call Sega and let's get Sonic.
Call, you know, Konami and let's get Snake and all this other stuff.
I just, I feel like Nintendo, Nintendo is getting back into movies after a very long
absence.
But I think the success of Sonic, again, whether you like it or not, it made money.
The success of Sonic is going to lend itself well to Mario, because I think you're going
to have that audience of people that grew up with Mario taking their kids who also are
growing up with Mario.
And that's why that movie will do well.
So we'll see.
Esther shown her mat says people are writing in Ryan Reynolds Detective Pikachu fighting
Chris Pratt Mario and Seth Rogen DK.
Okay, what fanfic ever got made into a movie?
Of course, as those words leave my leave my mouth now I'm going Oh fuck, there was 50
shades of gray.
That movie literally ruined everything.
That movie literally ruined everything.
So it's like, what fanfic became a movie?
Oh, oh, that.
Right.
Right.
Anyway, all right, moving on, Loki.
All right.
So, you know, we talked a little bit about some previous goes recon games with break
point and their whole NFT thing.
Well, break point wasn't all that great.
And now Ubisoft is ending their updates for break point and its live service plans.
Once again, you know, all these companies pushing for live service games, and then they
just quit on them after a short period of time.
Don't get too invested in them, especially with NFTs.
Because now those entities are worth what nothing.
It's like that.
I mean, with that racing game that closed down this last week to had a bunch of stuff
in it.
And now it's, you know, granted that nice fucking trash.
But like, it's, it's, you know, what, what's the point of it?
Am I going to be able to use my NFT helmet in this next goes recon game they put out?
No, probably not.
Cool.
Glad you really dived in the NFTs.
So yeah, it's going to be was it I think.
Yeah, the both says they're going to continue to maintain the service for both goes recon
wild land and break point.
But they're gonna not be updating it.
So, oh, Bobby says there are five movies based on fanfics.
Really?
What are the other?
Okay, well, there were three movies in the 50 shades of gray.
So what are the other two?
I'm curious what the other two are as soon as Matt says Ubisoft is trying to find new
decimals to support NFTs, because they're already double, triple and quadruple down
on NFTs.
Mortal Instruments is a Harry Potter fanfic.
Really?
What's Mortal Instruments?
I've never heard of it.
That's the one with the the like cities that are on wheels that are like driving around
and fighting each other.
Pixel pocket says a one direction one and Bobby Blackwell says it's called after that
a one direction fanfic got turned into a movie really?
Here's the thing.
There's any of my fanfics get turned into movies or books there.
There's there's the right people, I guess.
A fanfic and then there's okay, okay.
Was Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter?
Was that a fanfic?
Technically, that's a fanfic.
Because I feel like it was.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies really was.
I guess that's true.
I guess you guys are right.
There's those what they're so fucking ludicrous that they kind of have to get made.
So I guess there's that.
That should be a movie.
So fucking ludicrous starring ludicrous.
And then it should have co-star Raven.
Because she's so Raven.
Yeah.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about Pac-Land.
This is ludicrous, too.
I don't understand this.
Well, I do.
I completely do.
But it's just it's weird.
So arcade archives, right?
There's like a lot of games.
There's over 100 games in that series.
That is a lot of the ports for of classic arcade games for PlayStation.
And not Xbox for some reason, but Nintendo Switch as well.
So Pac-Land recently came out on Arcade Archives.
It came out on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.
Pac-Land, which, funny enough, we referenced on the show last week.
We're not intending to be the official Pac-Land podcast, but sometimes it happens.
But I believe last week, Dark Sakura was talking about Mappy Land because it was just coming
out on Nintendo Switch online.
And it kind of led to a conversation about that weird era of Namco and their land games,
which includes Pac-Land.
So it's the side scrolling Pac-Man game.
I'm going to say something that my co-host may not agree with, but it wasn't very good,
in my opinion.
It wasn't good.
I played it.
It was different.
It was different.
And that's what a lot of people remember.
And it was, I think what a lot of people liked about it was that it looked very cartoony,
and that was in that era where it was like, oh, it almost looks like a playable cartoon,
like not like Dragon.
I almost said Dragon Age, Dragon's Lair style playable cartoon.
But you know, like the games of that era.
Anyway, here's the thing.
So Pac-Land did come out in 1984.
And it also should be pointed out, it was based off the animated show from the 80s,
the Hanna-Barbera Pac-Man show that was on for a little while.
And in the very beginning of the game, you basically see where Pac-Man is leaving home
and waves goodbye to Ms. Pac-Man and Pac-Baby or Baby Pac-Man.
Well, guess what?
Ms. Pac-Man is not in this Arcade Archives reboot.
Now there is a character called Pac-Mom who has like a pink ponytail instead of the red
bow, and Baby Pac-Man has been replaced with an unnamed character as well.
Pac-Mom comes from Pac-Man Museum Plus.
Here's the thing.
There is apparently a little bit of legal drama going on behind the scenes because Bandai
Namco still owns the Ms. Pac-Man property and can use Ms. Pac-Man wherever they want.
But every time the depiction is used, a royalty is paid out to AT Games because they have
a percentage of the royalty rights for Ms. Pac-Man every time she appears.
So Bandai Namco, not really liking this deal, decided to change the character so they don't
have to pay AT Games shit.
And it's interesting because there is a Pac-Man Museum Plus that's on its way out and Ms.
Pac-Man's not in it.
Apparently Pac-Mom is in it though, somewhere in the museum.
I don't know if it's the Pac-Lam thing or whatever.
So this is just very interesting where the character's been essentially erased due to
legal reasons.
Although anybody looking at these screenshots...
And let me see if I can post the link to this tweet on...
Gosh darn.
Let me see if I can get this Twitter link here.
Sorry everyone for the bad audio there.
Okay, I got the link.
I'm going to paste this in our chat.
And it's somebody's Twitter account.
And for the podcast listeners, Nick is on line T, all one word.
And they wrote a tweet on April 6th that shows the Pac-Mom and Ms. Pac-Man side by side.
Pixel Paca's suggesting Pac-Mam as a possible name.
Sure, whatever.
But this is what they ended up calling her.
Legally distinct Pac-Mom.
Yeah, legally distinctly different Pac-Mom who had her bow replaced with a very Karen
ponytail.
Pat Karen is what she kind of looks like to me, to be honest.
Karen doesn't have a ponytail.
Karen has that weird wedge haircut.
Yeah.
So anyway.
Let's see.
Bobby Black Wolf says Ms. Pac-Man was the one that was made by that other company that
modded Pac-Man arcade machines in the early 80s, right?
I saw it on the Netflix high score documentary.
Yeah, Ms. Pac-Man all started as a mod for the original Pac-Man machines because they
weren't coming out with something fast enough for that.
That's where I'm like pack plus or whatever was came out of that whole thing, too.
So it's interesting.
So but also this is why arcade went up machines.
A lot of the newer ones, I think one of them has Ms.
Pac-Man in it, but most of the collections don't have Ms.
Pac-Man.
I think one of the first does.
But like now these Namco collections, they don't have Ms.
Pac-Man.
They'll they'll they fall back on Super Pac-Man, which I enjoyed.
But a lot of people do not think it holds a candle to the original.
It's different.
Great.
It's different.
It's just a different challenge.
Yeah, it's a different challenge.
So anyway.
All right.
So that is that is interesting with Pac-Land.
I still am interested in that museum plus thing that's coming out.
I think that's kind of interesting.
But yeah, anyway, let's get to discussion on another classic game in this.
Segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us this week, Dark Sakura?
I picked Fatal Frame.
Which I actually haven't played and I really should.
Oh, really?
In Japan, the game is known as Zero.
And in Europe, it was called Project Zero.
It's a survival horror game that was made by Tecmo for PS2.
The game was released on December 13th, 2001.
It was the first in the series.
And in North America, it came out in 2002.
There is an enhanced port on Xbox that came out in PlayStation 2 in North America and
2003 in Japan and Europe.
So as far as publishing, it was published by Tecmo in both Japan and North America.
And in Europe, it was done by Wannadu and then for the Xbox versions by Microsoft.
And then there was a re-release in North America for PlayStation Network in 2013.
So it's set in 1986 and it follows these two siblings named Miku and Mahuyu Hinasaki.
Mahuyu disappears looking for a novelist in the haunted mansion called Himuro Mansion.
And so Miku goes to find him.
And so through the course of the game, she acquires a camera referred to as the camera
Obscura and uses her own sixth sense to locate ghosts and sometimes capture the most
volatile of ghosts.
And it has an interesting control mechanism because when you use the camera, it switches
to first person and then you move it with your right analog stick and the character
can move with the left stick.
So it's sort of like this weird strafing thing.
And the film is your ammo, which of course you find it all over the mansion and can replenish.
So basically the siblings have this special ability to see supernatural events.
And so when Mahuyu disappears looking for his tutor, who is Takamine Junsei, Miku goes
to find him, like I said, and then she finds that Takamine's party was killed by the ghosts
and finds rope burns appearing on her wrists and ankles.
And it turns out that there was a ritual that happened with a particular miko or a shrine
maiden torn apart using the ropes attached to her limbs in a strangling ritual.
Yeah, it's pretty, pretty brutal.
And so you learn more about the game by going through it.
And according to the staff of the game, the first ending is canon and leads to the events
in the third game.
So the game, the concept of the game came to the director, Shibata Makoto, after they
finished working on Tecmo's Deception Invitation to Darkness.
He kind of got it in one of his own dreams and different encounters he thought were supernatural.
And so when development started on PlayStation 2 hardware, when Tecmo got a hold of it,
it went under the name Project Zero.
He also had some influence by how positively the characters in Silent Hill were received.
And wanted to go further and create the sense of seeing things that were off screen
and to create a frightening atmosphere, one as scary as possible.
And the key colors were black and white with white representing hope and black representing fear.
And they put a lot of that into the clothing and the shading.
And then the third color in it was the red that Miku wore and she represented life.
And then they put a lot of effort into focusing on stereophonic sound to reinforce the atmosphere
of the game to give it a more three-dimensional feeling as they were going along through it.
They used different motifs of spirituality.
They wanted to give a feeling of isolation through the lack of the modern technology,
such as mobile phones and things like that.
So, I mean, I think that it's a very interesting concept.
Famitsu really was happy with the use of the camera Obscura with the additional tension,
including with the visual design.
The game was pretty well received.
And then, of course, there was a sequel Fatal Frame 2 Crimson Butterfly
and then Fatal Frame 3 The Tormented.
And then they announced a Hollywood adaptation in 2003.
Oh, that's right.
But it was under a long hiatus and then re-announced for 2014 with a production.
It says set to begin production after the completion and released a Fatal Frame
made in the Blackwater.
Interesting.
That'd be interesting if they ever really do make a movie out of this.
Fatal Frame, classic game of the week.
I'm reading some comments from chat here because Jason, our voiceover sir,
has a lot to say here in chat about the series.
And this definitely seems like one of those games where those that have played it have a lot of
connection to it.
I think it's a cult game in that way.
Not like cult, like we're going to drink Kool-Aid or whatever.
I'm talking like cult-like.
It's just like one of those.
If you played this, you know why it's cool.
Jason says, Fatal Frame holds a special place in my heart, by which I mean a scarred portion
of my brain.
Fatal Frame was a catalyst for many years of utter fear and paranoia in my life from
about 2002 to 2007.
After playing through and beating one to three, I got a lot of closure.
I didn't kick all my fear, but it came down from being a paranoia.
It is a great game.
One to three, make a great series, assuming you are not particularly susceptible to paranormal
fears.
I love the game immensely.
And then, uh, yeah.
Jason says it's a cult classic.
One may even call it an occult classic, but, um, all right.
So there it is.
Well, I mean, it, it got some really good scores.
I mean, um, Famitsu gave it a 32 out of 40 for PS2, which is pretty good for Famitsu.
There were places that were like in the sevens to eights.
Eurogamer gave it a nine out of 10 for PS2.
Um, I'd say it pretty, it got above average responses, but, um, the big thing that people
liked in the Xbox ports were the improved textures and expanded features.
Um, especially, um, that those improvements were, were more of something that smooths
it over without making a substantial change to the game.
All right.
Well, Fatal Frame, your classic game of the week and a good choice.
That's one, um, that's one I want to go back and revisit.
In fact, I don't even know if I don't think I played that.
I think I watched someone else play that game.
I think that's how that went for me.
It was, uh, I, uh, watched somebody else play it.
So, uh, yeah.
Anyway, there it is.
All right.
Moving on.
Um, I don't know why, I'm sorry.
I lost the video of my co-host.
Sorry, folks.
I don't know why that happened.
Um, but I will try to get them back here.
There we go.
Much better.
Sorry about that.
The joys of recording live and trying to manage a video while managing audio.
All right.
I need, I now, now I'm convinced I need a third monitor.
Like two, two isn't enough for me to do this show somewhere.
Really?
I might take you up on it.
If you're, cause I could use, I could use a third up here just for B roll stuff.
Like that would be fantastic.
I'll see.
But honestly enough, you should invest in a wide screen monitor.
Like I've got.
Yeah, those are pretty cool.
Um, they're not too expensive either.
Yeah.
I love the idea though of like an output.
That's just like, you, you see exactly what it's going to look like.
You're just capturing the screen.
There's a part of me that just kind of like that, but you can kind of.
I need to start using my iPad for my chat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Use the sidecar.
Sidecar.
All right.
I think it's a fun name.
No, it is a cute name.
I do like it.
All right.
Let's travel around the world quickly, uh, with some other quick news stories and some
rapid via news.
So Loki.
Yeah.
So Criterion has given us an update on their new need for speed game, which they had originally
announced back in 2020.
Um, but that should be coming out this November on PlayStation five and the Xbox series X and S.
I'm all about a new Criterion racing game.
I wish it was burnout though, but need for speed.
I guess we'll have to wait and see what that looks like, but I'd prefer it was burnout.
Um, like you're crashing stuff.
Yeah, it's just burnout.
Like me for speed is a classic.
Um, Square Enix says that they have no plans on a sequel for Chrono Cross.
Uh, basically saying that, listen, uh, there are no plans for a sequel or a new title now,
but who knows what the future holds.
So that doesn't mean you won't get one for Chrono Trigger.
Cross was the sequel to Chrono Trigger.
No, I know it was, or, well, is it considered a sequel or is it considered, I thought it
was just considered like, um, I don't know.
Like it's got Luca and everyone in it.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I was trying to think like, like how shock treatment is a sequel to Rocky Horror.
Cause it has Brad and Janet, but it's not really a sequel.
You know what I mean?
Like it's one of those types of things.
So I think so.
Yeah.
But what, what didn't they plan?
Wasn't there another, wasn't there a chrono?
There was a third chrono game that was planned at some point, but I forget what it was called.
Um, but yeah, it'd be interesting.
You never know.
Anyway.
Uh, let's move on to our soccer.
Um, on the 12th, uh, sorry, I'm looking at the wrong thing.
Um, so Mario golf is coming to switch online's expansion pack.
And for people who care about playing Mario golf.
Cool.
Congrats to you.
64 game.
And then a 10 to 64 game.
Oh, yep.
Um, and then Metroid Dread has had an update.
It is version 2.1.0.
It adds, uh, some new modes.
Including boss rush, where you fight, uh, 12 continuous boss battles and aim for the best time.
Damage is carried over into the next fight.
Although weapons are fully restored.
If a Samus is defeated, you can retry to continue playing from the start of the battle that you lost,
but there is a time penalty for being defeated.
And then the bosses fought in the boss rush can be fought one on one anytime by selecting practice.
There's also survival rush, where you see how many bosses you can defeat inside of a
five minute limit.
You have dread rush, which is like boss rush, but if you're hit by a boss,
your energy drops to zero and you are defeated.
So it's like be perfect.
And then it fixed, um, an error where the game over screen would not display properly.
When Samus takes damage and is defeated immediately after destroying a central unit.
I need to go back and revisit Metroid Dread.
I think it's one of those games where I just, the, the wrist problems I was having playing
it left a really sour taste in my mouth.
I need to go back and give it another shot.
And I think it's the fault of the game though.
It's not, but like the reality is I'm still gonna, you're still gonna, you get that Pavlov,
Pavlov's bell response, you know, whether it's the game's fault or not,
it's still one of those things where I just associate the risk pain of playing the game.
So I'm hoping that maybe I'm going to go back and revisit it and maybe I'll just use different
controller that won't, um, have that same effect probably.
So speaking of controllers, um, we just got like the two of the SNES controllers
and a Genesis controller for switch.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe something like that that is a little bit more, I don't know, old school.
Yeah, maybe.
Or I just, I just need to play maybe with the joy cons.
I don't know.
Or just maybe not be in the same posture.
I was living in a different place back then and had a completely different setup.
So maybe that's all I needed, you know?
So, or not don't stream at this time.
Cause that also changes my posture and probably not for the better.
So pretty atrocious stream posture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I've, I've found I've not been streaming as much and I don't know.
I gotta be honest.
I don't know what it is.
I need to get back into it.
I have project ideas stewing in my mind, but, um, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't mean
shit until I put it on paper.
So I also need to talk to you about something with another streamer slash podcaster for
later.
Yeah, I'd be interested.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and, and
things that'll come sooner than any of those projects, because these are this week.
So let's talk about release dates in the U S Loki.
And let's remember it is April.
So don't expect much.
Uh, we've got, we've got, uh, 13 sentinels, uh, GS rim on Nintendo switch.
Uh, nobody saves the world on an intense switch PlayStation four and PlayStation five and
tormented souls on Nintendo switch.
That's it going to the Nintendo switch in Japan and checking out the releases this week.
Uh, very similar to what Loki was saying.
Cause that 13 sentinels ages rim is also out in Japan this week on the 12th.
And then on the 14th, you have battle spirits, connected battles, skull, the hero slayer
in a regular and deluxe edition, uh, and the Smurfs mission belief.
That is an actual game that's coming out.
I have no, is, does it, is there a movie or something that I'm unaware of?
No, it looks like it's based on the cartoon.
Interesting.
I'm sure that was released here and can't imagine it wasn't on my radar, but it wasn't
now here's the game.
That's important.
That's out on the switch this week, winning post nine 2022.
That's right.
Horse racing back on the switch this week.
And this is a lovely idea of a, uh, a concept of a game that probably isn't coming out here.
I think some of those winning post games maybe have seen the light of day over here,
but this one won't very few, very few.
This one won't.
So, uh, anyway, for you horse racing fans, and I know you're out there winning posts,
nine, the official from Koei Tecmo is out this week on the switch now quickly.
Let's look at the PlayStation five.
I can't believe it, but, uh, winning post is not a PlayStation five game.
It's not pushing the graphical, uh, what can be done.
So, uh, but we do have grand theft auto five gets a Japanese release this week on the PlayStation
five in Japan.
So that's neat.
Um, and that's it for the record.
I did look it up and there was a game called chrono break.
That was trademark.
That was it.
That was a chrono break.
And it never got green lit.
Um, and it's still sort of floating around there as a maybe, but the quote was that there
were a lot of politics involved in creating a new game.
That's where you're wrong.
They are on a chrono break.
So trademark.
Shut up.
And with my, with my luck, it'll be a mobile phone game at this point.
And I just, I get it.
Did you know that there, there was kingdom heart games announced for mobile phone and
you'll notice we didn't talk about them.
You know why we're not going to play them moving on.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Oh, I just, I'm sorry.
It's quickly, quickly in Japan.
I did need to say.
Winning post nine is out on the PlayStation four.
Just not the PlayStation five.
Very important footnote.
You may proceed with the UK.
All right.
So on the 12th, we have grand theft auto five for PlayStation and Xbox.
Epic chef for those and the switch on the 12th.
Also 13 sentinels Aegis rim on the switch for the 14th tormented souls for switch.
And that's it.
If Epic chef, isn't Gordon Ramsey, cussing me out.
Then it's not, it's not an Epic chef.
That's an angry chef.
He's just passionate.
But they only nice to the kids.
Yeah, I was going to say, but then when you watch the master chef kids, he's like the
nicest fucking person, which you, you know, it's all an act.
All that stuff on hell's kitchen is an act.
I'm sure he's a nice guy.
My, my favorite scene though, is with the lady that won the, the blind lady that won
and him demonstrating how good her pie turned out and using the sound of it and the texture.
Can you hear that your pie is done?
It's in, and she was all crying and happy, but that's like, still like my favorite moment
of how he is as a passionate cook and encouraging people to be their best.
Yeah, I think he, I think he's a nice guy deep down, but let's be real.
A lot of us watch for his persona on kitchen nightmares, which is very different.
He just doesn't take shit.
Exactly.
I like Gordon Ramsey.
I think he's a, he's a little saturated at this point.
Like how many shows is that man on seriously?
But then honestly, again, I went to the hell's kitchen restaurant in Vegas, not this recent
time, but when I was there a few years ago, pre pandemic, and I will say that was one
of the fucking best meals I've ever had.
So, you know what?
He fucking walks the walk as far as I'm concerned.
So have at it.
I still would rather go to a Morimoto restaurant first.
Yeah.
DJ Rama S points this out.
Rob, there was an episode where chef Ramsey yelled at someone, that person had an anxiety
attack.
He took the person aside and spoke to him and calmed him down.
Like that's like, yeah, that sounds very Gordon Ramsey.
Again, that's how you know it's an act.
Like Gordon Ramsey should probably win an Oscar.
I mean, I know Oscars aren't for TV shows, especially reality shows, but daytime, the
daytime is yes.
Gordon Ramsey should probably win a daytime Emmy for a lot of his performance.
Let's be real.
He should win an Emmy.
I know, um, the Emmy cannot get the amazing race and survivor or no it's drag race.
Now like Ru Paul has won that Emmy for like seven years and this may shock you.
I think it's time to stop giving Ru Paul the Emmy for that show.
Like it's, it's time.
It's time for Ru Paul to stop.
It's, it's time for that show to, to, you know, I, I like the talent.
If you're going to do anything, bring back Drag U.
Yeah.
But anyway, it's time to give the Emmy to Gordon Ramsey.
Lady Bunny has a wig to support.
Okay.
All right.
Moving on.
Um, let's see.
Oh, more now.
Here's the thing.
Well, we, here's the thing.
It's the show about video games.
But when I talk about video games, when Loki talks about Dark Star talks about videos,
we don't, we don't have nearly the chat lighting up this much.
We talk about Gordon Ramsey and now y'all got something to say.
It's just interesting.
I guess we just have to do that.
I guess so.
I know.
Yeah, we've, we've way overdue on that.
Sorry guys.
Jason says there was a shot of Ramsey and someone else at a Vegas Golden Knights, the hockey team.
See, if you're in, if you're anywhere near San Jose, you don't acknowledge the Golden
Knights.
That's the thing.
All right.
His smile was unlike any I've ever seen on him, on his shows.
Each Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, UK and US.
He's, he's because he's playing that guy on TV.
Phoenix 7726 says it's time for that show to sashay away.
Absolutely.
Phoenix says Gordon is huge on Twitch for some reason.
I, I have seen, I don't know how many Dead by Daylight streamers who will watch clips
of Kitchen Nightmares while they're waiting 30 minutes for their match.
So it's just a weird thing.
All right.
Anyway, moving on.
Yes.
And regarding OLR foodie.
We all know why it was delayed.
I'm ready to do the show again.
Like a lot has changed since October.
Okay.
But now the problem.
There's been lots of stuff going on.
Not with, with I think all of us, so.
Oh, for sure.
But, um, uh, I was going to say the only problem now is that we're not going to have dark soccer
next week and we're not going to have Loki in two weeks.
So at this point, I can't promise foodie Oh, until may.
And that's just a scheduling thing.
Cause everybody's got other stuff going on, which is legit.
Everybody's allowed to have a vacay every now and then I just went to Las Vegas.
I just happened to not be there on an OLR night.
I wish mine were big.
Well, if you want to tell them, tell them, but otherwise we're just going to gloss over
it like I've been doing.
All right.
Remember that stone?
It didn't go anywhere.
All right.
I, I, I got to, I got to send them the troops, you know, physically remove it.
You said it, not me.
So, um, there you go.
That's the mystery, mystery, mystery solved.
Your yours wasn't as little and cute invasive as that though.
No, I was awake.
So, all right.
Well, obviously Loki, we're all thinking of you through that, um, crappy scenario there.
Wishing you the best.
I mean, you seem in good spirits, all things, you will be fine, but it's, it's, it's, it's
like when my gallbladder came out, I knew I was going to be fine.
It's just fucking annoying.
The whole process is annoying.
Being out of commission for two weeks is annoying.
All of it is annoying.
All of my, all of my laparoscopies, like my last two surgeries that I had other than my
knee, I was happy.
I was happy to be out of commission.
I'm like, I'm on my couch.
No one's bothering me.
This is great.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
We still have some shifts, some non Gordon Ramsey topics to get to.
Let's get to that.
Well, maybe Gordon Ramsey could show up in this.
I don't know.
Loki, uh, what do you think about this next story?
I mean, they have everything, so why not?
Um, so Epic games has, uh, partnered with, uh, Lego on a new project that they say, well,
and they drop metaverse into their pitch or whatever.
Um, so to me, it sounds like, you know, Roblox, but just licensable.
So, you know, whereas Roblox made something that looked very similar to Lego, but not
quite what this is basically Lego, but you know, Lego, um, neat be cool to see what they
come up with.
I love Lego.
So, you know, and after all, as I pointed out to Rob on Twitter, they have, uh, the
little, what do they call those?
Um, uh, gosh, um, the minifigures, it's not minifigs, but they're like the, uh, the brick
heads.
So they have the brick heads for the spice girls.
Now I saw that because they had the Muppets too is a thing.
Oh, they do.
Yeah, at least I'm pretty sure I saw that on like Twitter or something.
So yeah, I definitely want those spice girls went, but I'm like, Lego is that addiction.
I've been somehow able to stave off this whole time, even through the Mario's and all that.
It's, and it's one of those things I'm like, they have that, the Nintendo 64, uh, was it
Mario 64, uh, the question block base.
They have that a target and I keep, I keep passing by it every time because it's like
$170.
I'm like, yeah, block really.
Some somebody question block.
It's like, you know, that, that big or whatever.
And then it folds out into a bunch of the different, like it's a micro scale world of
like the different levels and stuff.
Well, somebody actually have a Lego Fiat kit that I haven't put together yet.
Somebody just brought into this house, um, some shelves, which was very kind and nice.
And it's perfect for showing off Legos to be quite honest.
If no, it's, it's made for cats.
Yeah.
If I wasn't worried about the cats, I'm not worried about smoosh as much.
Cause he's kind of too stupid to get past the first level.
But cheddar, I'm noticing like just in the short time we've had cheddar, I'm absolutely
noticing he will find the highest point in the room to climb up to and look down upon
the rest of you.
That is absolutely cheddars mo.
He's that kind of cat.
So the minute that shelving came in, I was like, Oh God cheddar.
I'm not going to be able to put anything on these shelves.
Cause cheddar is going to run up to the top immediately.
I will be able to put things on the shelves when I met him on the top of your closet.
I'll just have to get little, um, like cover.
I know Ikea has like coverings that can go over them so that he can't like actually knock
things over in them.
So like clear doors, basically.
You can also like, if you were going to put like things on display, like, I don't know
why trophies are coming to my mind, but just, you know, using that as an example or like
figures or things you can, um, get Velcro for the bottom of them.
Hmm.
That's a good idea.
I want a trophy.
I haven't had a trophy in a long time.
For all the podcasts award right in front of me, but the Midna doesn't get up there
for all the, she doesn't get anywhere that there's not food for all the jokes people
make about participation trophies and then to stay in age.
Where's my trophy?
I don't have a trophy.
Yeah.
We have a podcast award, but dark soccer, you've, you've, you've taken custody of that
and that's fine.
You were the one that went down.
I was like, you went down and got in person.
It's only fair.
I get it.
Um, but do they still do those?
Uh, they do, but it's changed a lot over the years.
We kind of corporate, no, it's just at some point you had to pay to be in them and I'm
just not interested in that.
Yeah.
So, um, most award shows are like these days anyways that you have to like pay for the
privilege or whatever.
Yeah.
I'm just, it's, that's not the kind of thing that interests me.
I just, I would, I love people being here live on Sunday.
And listening to the podcast throughout the week.
I don't, I don't need no word for that.
It was nice to win that award.
It was more than nice.
It was lovely.
Um, especially because it was the first year.
It was nice.
It was a surprise.
Yeah.
It kind of was.
Um, and uh, yeah, yeah.
Bonsovo six is wait, we got a trophy.
Yeah.
We won the pot.
We won the very first podcast award in 2005 for best gaming podcast.
So believe, believe it or not, uh, this, this, this was the best one.
At that time.
So anyway, uh, let's move on.
Uh, let's talk about this story, dark soccer.
So, um, y'all remember missed, right?
You know, pointy, clicky adventure, pretty place.
Um, yeah, now it's a mini golf game.
So there, uh, so it's going to be a DLC pack for a VR.
Golf game called walkabout mini golf.
Um, and it will be available on meta quest and steam VR developed by, uh, mighty coconut.
So you too can shoot balls around in the world of mist.
They also have a course based on labyrinth,
which would give me some minor incentive to actually play that except VR.
Yeah, I check out the golf thing for sure.
That sounds fun.
All right.
Uh, well, whereas I would be interested in playing that, let's be real.
I'm never going to be interested in playing this next game, but we're gonna talk about
it anyway.
Cause it's fun to dunk on this company.
Loki.
Yes.
Yes.
So we've gotten to that point.
I guess it's, it's, you know, in the stage of stages.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We've been in that point.
We've bought a house in that point where we're sending our mail from that point.
And it's being, uh, uh, self-addressed stamped with you are here at the point.
Yeah.
So, uh, Konami, uh, recently made a comment, uh, regarding their updates to E football.
Yes.
Remember that's still a game barely.
Um, basically saying that we've entered what would be eventually a two year period of developing
for E football 2022.
However, we were too focused on getting the game out on time that we lost sight of the
most important thing quality.
Naturally, we were met with critical reviews from rightfully disappointing fans.
And there's no, like, I don't see any assertion that we won't do this again.
No, you know, since we're talking about searching that they won't do that.
Since we're talking about trophies.
Why don't we get a, you try.
Why no, no.
Why don't we make Konami a trophy that says literally the dumbest thing that's ever happened
in gaming and send it to their office and see what happens.
Like, is it to have like worst decision making ever?
Is it, is it petty?
Yes.
Am I above that?
No, no.
When it comes to Konami, are we, are we at that point?
Yes.
I've already, I've already explained this to everybody.
We're at that point where Konami is that just the, the board that is running Konami.
It could, it could not be run by worse people.
Like if Elon Musk bought Konami, I'd actually be like, you know what?
Maybe they'll be okay.
Like, I, I don't see.
Well, maybe the other guy that Loki talked about would actually somehow be worse for
Konami.
So I'm not going to joke about that, but Elon Musk, I will joke about.
And most people getting in and stepping about Konami, I will joke about.
And that would probably be better for that company at the end of the day.
S2100 Matt says there should be a segment called this week and Konami dunking on itself.
Yeah, pretty much.
Questbuster says, if anyone had doubts, whether Konami was past caring, eFootball is there
to remind them that yes, we are not the company you remember in your childhood.
That is correct.
That is correct.
At this point, the best we can hope for is that when Sony said, hi, we're going to give
you money for nothing to put games on service, Konami signed off on that.
And we will have sweet code and one, two, three, four, and five all on this PlayStation
plus thing.
Cause I'm telling you right now, if one of those games is missing, that is exactly where
the Kotaku Ardo will be out in five minutes about how that game is missing from PlayStation
plus, sweet code and four, not on PlayStation plus PlayStation plus major oversights does
not have sweet code and five.
I'm telling you right now, if Sony does not have those games on the service, don't bother.
Don't bother.
Anyway, let's see.
What else do we have?
Oh yes, actually this is, this is somewhat big news for the last story, but I think it's
one of those things where we, we as gaming consumers don't really see the result of this
for some time, but the unreal five engine has been officially released.
It has been an early access for a year, but this last week, Epic games officially released
UE5 to developers.
Of course, some may remember the matrix awakens tech demo to show a little bit of what UE5
can actually do.
Which, you know, it looked really good and I think we're kind of excited to see what
it can produce.
But you know, the actual games that come from this probably won't be out for a little while
because studios have only really had a year to play with it.
For instance, black myth, wukong, which was one of the first announced unreal engine five
games.
That's not out until 2023.
The next Witcher game, ha keep on waiting.
We do know though, a new Tomb Raider game.
I mean, of course they're going to make a new Tomb Raider game.
Why wouldn't they make a new Tomb Raider game?
It'd be ridiculous if they didn't make a new Tomb Raider game, but we know that the next
Tomb Raider game is going to be on unreal engine five because it was actually announced
on the official Tomb Raider account in a tweet that said crystal dynamics is incredibly excited
about the future of unreal and how it will help us take our storytelling to the next
level.
That's why we're proud to announce that our next Tomb Raider game is being built on unreal
engine five.
Hey, you know what?
I'm ready to see it because the Tomb Raider reboots from God, that series probably started
almost 10 years ago at this point.
What was the Tomb Raider reboot?
That was like 2013, wasn't it?
So the Lara Croft and the no good, terrible, terrible, very bad day.
Yeah, that whole trilogy.
You know, I mean, those already looked really good for its time.
Imagining that in unreal engine five, I think those games are going to be fire.
Now, I know the Avengers, a lot of people believe was a misstep for crystal dynamics.
I have a feeling there's a little bit of too many cooks in the kitchen going on with that.
And, you know, hopefully with the next Tomb Raider, people kind of back off and let crystal
dynamics do the game they want to do.
And hopefully that'll be nice.
So rep cycled is in our chat over twitch.tv slash fog network saying UE five engine looking
shiny so far.
Height.
Yeah, I'm excited to see what comes out of this.
Loki, you didn't make a game in unreal engine, though, but you've messed around with it,
right?
I have.
Yeah, I have time to car with before you canceled.
It was in that was unity.
No, that was unity.
I did I did a mop type game in unreal to try to learn it.
And I for me, it was that because I don't really know C++ or I haven't worked in C++
too much.
So I tried using their blueprints and blueprints are all right, but it's very cumbersome to
do things, but I got it to work and it was all right.
It was just kind of learning it.
Yeah, so yeah.
All right.
Well, that's all the slated stories we have for tonight.
We'll check in in a year and see what games come out for unreal.
Yeah.
Well, I actually wanted to bring it.
It's not really an unreal five, but it is unreal.
You know, four point two five.
Sure.
Did you see the PTB with the Haddonfield rework for Dead by Daylight?
No, I've seen the screen.
The still screenshots, but I haven't seen people playing on the map.
I saw I was watching LC play it the other day.
It's really good.
It looks nice.
And the Legion music is really good.
Like to explain to people who don't play, all of the killers have like their own chase
music, but Legion is actually four people.
And so each of them have their own chase music.
If you play, they have like a standard chase music, but each of them has an add on that's
like their own mix tape.
And when you do that, it changes up the music.
And then if you do two of their mix tapes as your add ons, then it really changes the
music.
It's called like the frantic mix tape.
And it's pretty darn good.
I have to say it was a very clever idea and something worth noting.
Yeah, I know they're reworking that killer and they're reworking Ghostface.
Not from the screen movies seemed really cool.
A lot of people who weren't Legion fans said that they were suddenly really fun.
Yeah.
And then the Haddonfield map, because the very first, you know, Dead by Daylight is
kind of known at this point as like the multiverse of horror.
Right.
But the very first license that game got that started the dam break was Halloween, Michael
Myers and Laurie Strode.
So that Haddonfield map is as old as the game, pretty much.
Yeah, that was the first licensed level.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they're totally redoing it now because that, you know, over the years, it just with
all the new perks, the new talents, the new things that new characters get, that map
starts to show its problems on how the new talent.
So they're completely redo because they got rid of the basement.
Didn't they in that map?
Not not the basement basement, but like the fake basement.
No.
Oh, I heard they got rid of it.
The basement still there.
Oh, okay.
Interesting.
Oh, I'm curious.
From what I remember.
But also, the houses have furniture.
Yeah, it looks nice.
It was really nice.
Before though, the thing that made that map kind of cool is that all of the like
artwork on the walls were actually concept drawings.
So.
I found out another thing that the entirety of the Hawkins Laboratory is still in the game files.
I still think they should try to repurpose it somehow,
but maybe just legally, it's probably impossible at this point.
I think they should make it the recording studio for the all kill chapter, but.
Yeah.
Didn't mean to derail, but I thought it was worth mentioning.
No, it's fine.
Well, usually we get to derail because when I go to the mailbag and it's empty, we derail,
which I believe our mailbag is empty this week, but I could be wrong.
It is.
So I was proactively derailing.
All right, that's fine.
Participate at orangeslaundry.com if you want to send us an email
on any topic, whether we did or we didn't talk about it.
I would also usually talk about Drag Race here.
I don't think Dark Soccer is watching, but there's spoiler alert for this week's Drag Race.
Sorry, there's a top five this year because in this season we don't eliminate people.
So five girls got to the end.
So I was going to ask if you have a fave.
How do they get rid of people?
No, they have been getting rid of people, but it's so like there was a double save this week.
A chocolate bar saved somebody this week.
There was a, um, they didn't get rid of somebody.
Twist every round, right?
They're stretching it out as long as possible to get more episodes out of it so they can
charge more when the show is inevitably syndicated.
That's what they're doing.
But anyway, um, so, so there's a top five.
They didn't want to eliminate any of the bottom two this last week.
So Willow Pill and, uh, Angeria were in the bottom two.
Of course they were because they're friends and, uh, both made it through to the finale.
So I'm, I'm curious if Dark Soccer has a fave.
Our local girl is still in it.
Lady Camden is in the finals.
I haven't watched any of it.
Oh, okay.
I like Willow Pill, but I kind of have to root for the local one, even if, um, she's local.
Well, she lives in SAC, but she performs in San Francisco.
So I, I, she, she really, Oh, Lady Camden.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, which I, I did not know that name before Drag Race because I think she performs in
the Bay Area that much.
Um, but she's, I think I might've seen her at Hamburger Mary's.
Oh, fuck.
Maybe I did too, actually.
Now that you say that.
Now that you say that vaguely familiar.
Yeah, maybe, maybe.
All right.
Anyway, so, um, she, she's, I would, she's kind of the front runner.
I think a lot of the fans kind of want Willow Pill, but I, she's, she's won like three challenges.
So we, we may have a Sacramento girl actually win fucking Drag Race this year, which is wild to me.
So I know.
Right.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, um, let's move on.
Maybe we can actually see some of our friends who perform in Sacramento up.
That would be nice.
That'd be nice.
There's some girls here.
I'd love to see on the show.
Um, uh, moving on, let's actually, Dragula is the one I want to see.
I yeah, there's like, I can't say I have seen land insider perform and it was amazing.
There's, I'm, I'm, I am completely biased because I've hosted these people numerous times,
but I would love to see like Chris front is here locally.
I would love to see them on the, on, and red fulfill, I think would be incredible and regular.
So shout out to my locals.
So anyway, um, moving on, let's, uh, let's get into other stuff.
Last minute stories.
Loki, you have anything?
No, it's that kind of week, huh?
I'm just reading up on the, the more in television.
More drama.
Great.
Well, just the same.
It's so I think there's still, they have, uh, uh, I don't know where I think it's from
Twitter or something, or maybe even one of like a feedback in one of their fundings that
they were doing, but basically saying that, Hey, you know, that, that, um, galaxy purple
that was exclusive, the GameStop, well, now you can pre-order that, uh, through the television
Mico site, because it's no longer going to be getting some exclusive because they may
not even be carrying it.
What?
Cause, cause that's why they canceled the orders.
So, uh, I just think that it's absolutely silly.
That they're still taking pre-orders on it, even though they know that it's not coming.
Yeah.
Well, I'm still holding out hope that I get one because at this point it's a collector's
item.
I don't, even if it's the showgirls of gaming consoles, I don't care.
Like I it's, it's a collector's item.
You you'll laugh at me now.
And then in 10 years you'll want to play it like, so laugh away.
Ha ha ha.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see, go into some comments from chat over at twitch.tv slash a Vogue
and network, uh, bonds, double a six saying a dead by daylight on the unreal five engine
for couch, local co-op, you know, there's going to come a point where that they're going
to have to remake that game.
Basically, they're going to have to, cause we all, the, the longest running joke in the
community is that it's spaghetti coated to hell.
That like it's, it's being held together with duct tape at this point.
Um, they changed, they change a graphic somewhere over here and a killer ability breaks.
It's it's wild.
So, um, they're going to need to redo that game from scratch at some point.
I don't know if that means dead by daylight too, or what that is, but, um, yeah, uh, bonds
double six is also saying 2024 is too soon for an unreal game.
Somebody had brought up a like unreal tournament.
Uh, give me unreal tournament 2025.
Now they have three years, even a damn demo.
Well, I will probably start seeing the UE five stuff.
You know, you'll see indie stuff probably sooner rather than later, but I think you'll
see the real oomph from that engine.
Uh, probably, you know, start to see it next year.
You know, um, rumor is that kingdom hearts four is going to be in UE five.
So, you know, you'll see that hypothetically someday.
Your grandkids might the next generation.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, with that, we're out of material.
We're at the end.
C'est la fin.
Anybody else have anything?
Um, um, marathon Thursday.
Yes.
Hang out with me.
And you're not going to be here for the next OLR because you're out of town.
I'll eat a whole cake.
I'll be fine.
I'll come say hi.
Yeah, I'm not going to be here, uh, cause that is the day that I am, uh, driving to,
uh, stay with Marissa.
Tell her I said hi.
I miss her.
I miss her.
I will.
I miss Marissa too.
That'd be great.
Have fun.
You're going to Disney, right?
Or did that change?
Yeah, I'm going to Disneyland.
I'm also meeting up with, uh, with, uh, our streamer friends, uh, Nick and Prince and
hopefully Nathan and hopefully Isaaco.
That's great.
Tell them all I said hi.
I sure will.
Awesome.
Awesome.
You get some comments from chat.
Bonds double six is tell Marissa I said hello as well.
So let Marissa know the chatters are thinking of her.
Marissa, our chat says hi and they miss you.
All right.
Um, that is, that is it.
That's going to do it.
So, uh, let's wrap up and get everybody's final thoughts.
Oh, before I do that, of course, I want to thank you guys as always for listening to
orange launch radio.
Thank you for being here, participating with our show, even on a short week that was a
little lighter on the news.
What can you do?
It's April.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if
the voices aren't here to put out on air.
So, uh, help us grow our community.
Uh, spread the word about vog network here on Twitch.
A follow goes an awful long way and we really appreciate those follows.
So what was that?
Make my monster grow, make my monster grow.
Uh, that's it.
Um, join our discord vog network.com slash discord.
Talk to us throughout the week.
Uh, submit story ideas.
That's fabulous as well.
Let's get everybody's final thoughts.
We will start, of course, with dark soccer.
Um, people are salty and MMR sucks.
Hopefully they fix it.
I'll see you on the flip side.
I've been trying.
All right.
We'll see you in a little bit.
Dark soccer, everybody.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is also, uh, part of, I guess, the last minute story.
So as I was talking about the amico stuff, um, so they did put out, I guess,
an email or something to, um, people that had stuff pre-ordered and they're trying to
get folks that had pre-orders at GameStop to now pre-order them directly through Intellivision.
And they listed new prices for the Galaxy purple and vintage wood grain.
They went three, three 39 99 for a console with two controllers,
two 89 99 for console with one controller.
And they're not taking any pre-orders right now on black or the white systems.
So it sounds like they're trying to end.
Apparently folks that have tried to request a refund on their, um, pre-orders have gotten
no money back.
They say right now, though, um, that they're not taking for all new orders going forward.
No deposit will be required until we finalize and announce a manufacturing date.
Um, but for all those who did already pre-order, you know, with a deposit, yeah, you can get
that back.
Great.
Again, when am I going to learn this Kickstarter lesson?
I don't know.
All right.
My final thought for tonight is what on earth am I going to do with 16 shiny mudkips?
What am I going to do with 16 shiny mudkips?
Now granted question for Shane.
Well, I caught like three of them the first time, but I caught like a loop.
I caught too many today and I only played for like an hour and a half.
I just walked around the Capitol.
That was it.
Gosh.
Wow.
And in chat, they're like, I only got five tail.
I only got four day.
Oh no, I could barely play the first mudkip day today.
I got 12.
I got 12 today.
All zero stars.
Oh, I only got, I had a three star from the first mudkip day somehow.
So that's the one I've kind of been investing all the candy in, but I don't have any stardust.
Keep burning it anyway.
Yay.
Pokemon go.
I'm level 53 in Pikmin though.
I'm kicking that game's ass.
All right.
That's it, everybody.
That's going to do it.
Thank you again for listening to our show.
We will see you again next week.
Have a wonderful week.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
