Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God!
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 118 for this, November the 14th of 2004.
You're tuned in to the internet's most fascinating radio station of all things, be money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in that corner, the angriest bunny on the
farm.
Say hello to Miss Jamie.
Some reason you'll know her better as Dark Sagaroth.
I hate my allergies and want them to die.
Fair enough.
Also joining us tonight by the other
awesome co-host we have here
our tech master, Loki, I'm rolling.
Yes, if you want to know why our webcam isn't up yet
and why we don't have the
dark sacra in our chat room yet over at orangehonser.com
that's because
we're having an emergency
Katamari Damacy
marathon.
Maybe Jamie will tell us about why we have to do that in a little bit.
But I do want to introduce our other guest for tonight.
We have a very special guest joining us for the second week in a row.
A lovely surprise. He's in town tonight.
Say hello to Floatwalk.
Whoo! Personal record for me.
That's right. Two in a row.
If you made it next week, you'd have tic-tac-toe.
Wow. And three is a magic number.
It sure is.
All right.
So, Jamie, really fast before we go to the opening break here.
Why is Loki having to play Katamari Damacy right now?
It's so big.
Oh, um, because I can only get up to, I've only done the level twice, 256 meters on the
Make the Moon level, and he's got just up to 744, which is awesome.
Wow.
It's so big.
Yeah, so that's the only time Lokis are going to hear that in his life, but that's right.
Alright, we're going to wrap up Katamari Damacy and put it on the webcam and all that stuff,
So visit OrangeLoungeRadio.com, our website for all the webcam details and stuff.
Tonight we have a lot of special stuff for you during the music break.
The Ultramix 2 website went up earlier this week, we're going to be talking about that
in a little while, but because of that, we got a lot of spoiled fun!
Yay, spoilers!
My favorite.
Wow, just take the fun away from us Vivids while we still have them.
You know what?
You guys quit like three weeks ago, so as far as I'm concerned, you're done.
We're done with you.
No, I'm kidding.
how it is now we're kidding we definitely want to get the gossip from
you later but as long as we have the songs because we have a whole lot of
songs we just we went out there on the internet and everywhere we looked we
lifted up tables and dusted under them and we looked everywhere for as many of
these songs as you could find for you guys to play so we're gonna play them
for you tonight we don't we couldn't find everything but we found a lot so
we're gonna play them for you starting with this it's a brand new licensed
song from Ultramix 2 it is the artist is lava kind of like the soap but with an
extra a and the song is called wherever you are and this isn't actually this is
not the first time we played this on orange launch radio really yeah I'm
going to talk about why when we come back after this so enjoy this this is
lava with Wherever You Are from Ultramix 2.
Sometimes it's bad, things get bad And I'm not, whoever you are
There is light, by my side I feel alright
Cause our love is me
Feel them, the two of us
The earth cannot describe
How I miss you so much
La, la la la, la la la
La la la, la la la
La la la, la la la
La-la-la
La-la-la-la-la
You make me high
I can fly
Touch the sky
Wherever you are
I feel free
In ecstasy
You and me
You can take my day
Keep away
And you'll stay
Wherever you are
In my heart
From the start
You'll never fall
Because our love is real
Visuals and looks
Two of us
And words cannot describe
How I miss you
Oh my, I feel love in your eyes
And I feel love when I'm with you
I feel love in your eyes
Whatever you may be
When I feel blue
I think of you
But you're true
Wherever you are
We won't fall
You still are
The shining star
Sometimes it's bad
Things get bad
And I'm sad
Wherever you are, there is light By my side, I feel all right
Gaming Radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Moo-chah-moo-kaw-key.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Turn off that Katamari game already.
That's so last month.
Get in the now. No, I know. I'm kidding.
Now apparently Float Walk was impressed because Loki knew about a hidden
game during the credits. Tell us about what's going on there.
Because I unfortunately did not really get into Katamari. I got to like the second stage and then
Well, apparently at the end, you see the credits roll and you have a song and you see your little guy running around with the ball.
You can actually move the analog sticks around and you can pick up countries.
And so you see a list of countries. You see, you picked up Korea, you picked up Vietnam, all that stuff.
I'm sitting here thinking, wow, I haven't seen so many of those countries since Animaniacs when, what was it, Yaqui did United States, Canada, Mexico, Panama, Haiti, Jamaica, Peru, you know.
I just wanted you to sing that song on air because that made me giggle during the break.
Alright. Well good. So we made the moon for Jamie.
Good. Now she can't say that we don't do things for her
on this show because we make the moon for her.
We gave her the moon to stars and to sky. We swear.
I had to go there.
If that was a thread, I would lock it.
Jamie's in the potty right now, so we can't do How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
She's on her way out, but I'll take a minute to do some announcements.
By the way, folks, this is very interesting. Here in the Orange Lounge
Radio Studio,
the bathroom door, the lock is broken.
I was wondering what the hell was up with that.
At any time, somebody could barge in there while you're trying to tinkle.
So please be careful.
Here's the rule.
If the light is on and the fan is running, don't come a-knockin'.
All right.
I couldn't come up with a rhyme for that.
Sorry.
If the fan is running, you better start running.
I think your mic ain't on there.
Try it again.
If the fan is running, you better start running because you never know what they're doing
in there.
Exactly.
Something like that.
Anyway.
Oh, yeah.
Did you hear, maybe we've mentioned it a couple times, that we're going to be doing a really
big giveaway here on OrangeLawnsRadio and I'm not talking about, you know, no small
time little, you know, yada yada giveaway.
We're talking really big news here.
We are giving away, in conjunction with ddrspot.com, that's kind of why Floatwalk's here tonight
because he's a big part of the DDR Spot community, OrangeLawnsRadio in conjunction with ddrspot.com
is giving away signed Akira Yomoka CDs.
cool we're gonna be giving away two of them so the contest is gonna go for two
weeks now here's the thing though we changed the rules a little bit from what
we talked about last week and I yeah because we can't basically is what it
boils down to now and I know you love it when you hear that we change the rules
but no actually we did it to make the contest easier for you so here's the
deal now forget what I said previously about how it's gonna work well how it's
gonna work now is that you know we have spin-off shows here on orange launch
radio every Monday night diversion yours laundry a remix show every Tuesday night
Pump Up the Volume with Dark Sagra, and every Thursday night, Outside the Box with yours truly.
All of which are on at 7, although Pump Up the Volume technically starts at 7.30.
You gotta listen to those spin-off shows, and during the show at any time, we're gonna ask a trivia question about Akira Yomoka,
or it could be about something Akira Yomoka was involved with, such as Silent Hill series would be a great one.
We're gonna ask a trivia question. If you know the answer to the trivia question,
send an email to akira at orange lounge radio dot com and you will be entered into the contest.
That's the change. You don't have to listen all three nights to be entered.
But what the change does allow us to do is that if you do listen all three nights
and you send us three emails with three different answers, you'll be entered in the contest three times.
So you have three times the chance of somebody else if you listen all week long.
But if you have a busy schedule and you can only listen one night, you can still get one
entry into the contest.
So the contest starts tomorrow on the 15th, and it's going to run through the 20, it looks
like the last entry chance to be on the 25th, Thanksgiving, how appropriate.
Thanksgiving Day will be your last chance to enter, so look for that.
Alright, so I just wanted to kind of get that out there, talk about the Kiriyomuoka contest.
I also have another big announcement about the show, but let's wait till we get after
How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, because DDR Spot is not the only big Bomani site we're
working with.
We have another big, I know, I know, but basically, I think we all feel we're gonna whore ourselves
anywhere that'll pay for it, so, or not, even though...
So who is this third party in the whole menage?
I'm gonna tell ya, I'm gonna tell ya, as soon as we finish this segment here, with
How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, some folks already know, some folks have already
figured it out, but we will tell you officially what's going on in a minute.
As I said, we've got to start off every week's show with a little bit of how was your week,
how was your day, and of course the lovely Dark Sakura, starting us off as always.
My week was insanely busy, just school everything, and then today my allergies have been killing
me all day.
It's been trying to not get sick and everyone's getting sick around me, but I'm hoping that
running away to Alabama in a another week I'll be escaping the whole thing so
um but apart from that I really didn't do a whole bunch of anything um dot dot
dot as really it's really been nothing but that school and hanging out and just
the same little crap I normally do so now as for Rob's week first he went on
on an expedition to Alaska, where the Eskimos kidnapped him
and made him their king.
Stop telling lies while I'm out of the room.
Although, that did happen, actually.
It was three weeks ago, not last week.
Oh, my bad.
Yeah, your bad.
Oh, anyway, sorry.
I had to check on my laundry, because when Jamie comes over,
she likes to not only do orange laundry.
This is how we pay Jamie for doing the show,
since we don't have money to exactly give out to people.
We pay in laundry, in clean laundry.
That way I don't have to use our...
Hey, that's worth a lot of quarters for the arcade.
...orange lounge.
All right.
And I'll pay you back in... in... sinus school.
Uh-huh, hooray.
Just what I always wanted.
All right, uh, see, that's it?
My week was boring.
Well, then, what's up with that? Like, the past two weeks you've been boring.
I've been training people.
The past two weeks.
All right. Well, I train people too. That's my job.
Well, yeah, but I'm gonna be going to Alabama, though, next week.
Alabama though next week well that's oh you're not gonna be here for next week's
show well I will be here Sunday but that's the week as Wednesday the 24th
okay moving on actually next Sunday is gonna be an interesting show because I
have to get up at 4 in the morning on that Monday I'm going to LA for a day
for work so I didn't even think I'd be able to do the show but it does look
like I will be able to do show not that you care anyway flow walk since you
You have a microphone, why don't you let us know, how was your week, how was your day?
Week was different because as I just started my new job over at Princeton Review up in
the city and it's just really weird just seeing like just all the stuff that goes on because
mostly I do like I do a lot of like online type QA so all the college applications they
do online I'm working on all that kind of stuff it's kind of funny well also kind of
depressing in the sense that I'm sitting here thinking,
I used to do this stuff for AltaVista about four years ago,
and I got paid about three times as much
to do the same exact work I'm doing now.
And you'd always think it would be kind of opposite
considering inflation, all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, now I'd be making more since I've been there,
done that, and it's just like regression,
and it's kind of a trippy feeling, really.
Other than that, it's just mostly been,
yeah, just busy type of work week,
And then, it's all on the personal side, I've actually been up in SACTO this week and I'm just, you know, visiting friends, you know, that kind of stuff.
Just kind of getting reacquainted with more games and all that jazz, been like playing SmackDown vs Raw ad nauseam now.
And, uh, let's see, gosh, it's, um, yeah, it's been a pretty tame week all things considered.
Well, now that, you know, this coming week, we've got the whole UltraMix 2 thing coming out and stuff, so,
I'm sort of, you know, kind of thinking here, well, what can I officially disclaim, you
know, as of right now, and...
Yeah, it's like, what parts of the NDA can I blab about now?
But it's got to be a little bit of a relief now that most of the song list is out there,
that you can kind of go, okay...
Oh, and for the record, I did not leave Konami in the first place, as I see in the chat room.
I was actually laid off, which is actually, it's a little something that I'll probably
get into later, because it's probably an interesting note about what goes on, you know, the inner
workings of a crazy lab like that there's been lots of shake-ups in the
video game world lately
we'll get to know one of the other ones later
yeah yeah funny enough
but uh... let's see and then you know
like that today now it's just like
since i was up in fact i figured what the heck you know i'll just come on the
orange lounge and uh...
show them a good time or something and it's really weird because normally i
have a sharks girl with me and she's not here and it's kind of
bummed, but...
Maybe she's listening!
Perhaps, and she was uh...
but she was up here one time when I wasn't, so I think uh... we're uh...
That was a long time ago, it was years ago, but yes, she was here one time when you weren't, I remember that.
Okay.
But uh, while I was laid off, I see you on the uh...
in the room.
Well, you knew it was going to come up.
Well, yeah. Well, I mean, it's really not a surprise for anyone...
for anyone who hasn't been familiar with the game industry or just QA in general.
Usually you're commissioned as working on a single project or just projects when they're
available.
The way the video game industry works is usually they'll get their games around springtime
or like early summer.
Usually they start doing QA for demos for like E3 just to make sure everything's stable
enough.
Once that goes around, then obviously you go into development and of course you need
testers.
Then you test throughout the summer, do like early fall.
Once all the products get pushed out, I mean...
Because everything, the big time for the gaming season is Christmas, so basically the games
are being tested a couple months before then, right?
Right.
But you don't see a lot of big games coming out in January, February, unless you're Nintendo
this year.
I don't know if Nintendo has huge games coming out, but...
But, um...
Oh yeah, well you gotta, okay, a few here and there, but Sweet Coz 4 was supposed to
be out Christmas, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was.
It was supposed to be part of that big Konami extravaganza blowout thingamabob, but, um...
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday!
But once around November rolls around, they don't have any projects left.
The only thing you really do at Canine, for example, is once all that's done,
you'll probably either be doing a few text checks or you're doing customer service.
What really I found curious was they downsized customer service.
And you would think, around this time when all their new tiles are coming out,
you need people to support people.
like well you know this game is crashing on my PC and that's like 90% of any problems people have
like you know issues with Konami is like you know PC games well you know I'm running a P2 how come
I can't play Silent Hill 4 DVD or ROM and you're just sitting there like shaking your head like
man these people and then of course you get like a ton of foreign emails saying you know why can't
I play Winning 11-8 you know that's like anytime you get a email from Brazil or like Europe or you
you know, and that kind of stuff. It's always Winning Eleven or Silent Hill. You know, it's
always PC games.
I want to address a couple of points that are in our chat room, www.orangelaunsradio.com,
click on chat. Totion says, if you aren't a part of X company, isn't the NDA dissolved?
And I don't think that's not true at all.
Oh no, oh no, no, that's hardly the case. I mean, it's like, I mean, you can essentially
say, yeah, I worked on it. You can, you know, say something specific. But, I mean, NDA is
They use that for stuff like, well obviously I couldn't tell you what kind of software they used for, you know, engineering the game.
That's like what NDA's are, it's not so much to protect, like, yeah, this is what we're doing. Unless it's a top secret project, you know, that no one knows about.
But since, like, say, you know, a game is public knowledge, you can say like, yeah, I'm testing it. What about it do you want to know?
It's like, well obviously I can't say what's in the game, you know, at the time.
Why don't I have a look? I happen to be doing my homework here.
Jamie just pulled out her big business law textbook, just going to thumb through it and see what it says on it.
Yeah, it's essentially to protect more or less intellectual property of Konami.
I would compare it to, let's say, the folks that go on that game show Survivor, right?
You got 16 people to go on the show, the damn thing's taped months in advance.
They already know who won the damn thing, or at least they know who the two finalists are,
but the contestants are still all under that gag order where they can't talk about it until it airs on TV
you don't want to get sued for $110000,000,000
Yeah, yeah, that's essentially what it all boils down to
I mean, I have no problem adhering to that or anything like that
Yeah, you don't want to get sued for $110000,000,000
Yeah, and you don't want to lose your job just because you want to sound cool
and like, oh yeah, I got the inside scoop
I mean, it's a good thing that at least I'm pretty close with Jason
You know, it's because most of the stuff we do is DDR-related
So any time I ever even get tempted to say anything
I'd talk to him first and be like, you know, is this cool, is this cool?
I knew that Delirium was going to be on UltraMix 2 before any of you.
My internet penis is huge!
I have it if you're ready, by the way.
Oh, okay.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I mean, you'd be surprised.
There are actually people who come to work for, you know, Konami at the time, and like,
one day they'll say, yeah, Rumble Roses was in office, and you know, stuff like that,
and like, the guy will just get canned, like, in one hour.
Wow.
So, they're pretty serious about stuff like that.
But I mean, overall, as long as you know when to say when and just all that, you know, it's
not a bad thing.
Interesting.
Jamie, yes, your textbook.
The textbook definition.
NDAs have been around for a long time and traditionally have been used among lawyers,
investment bankers, and others involved in trade takeovers and other large corporate
deals.
NDAs swear the signatory to secrecy about confidential ideas, trade secrets, and other
non-public information revealed by the party proffering the NDA.
So, it's an actual contract and it's binding despite employment and anything else.
There you have it.
So, in other words, he ain't talking! You ain't gonna make me talk!
I mean, basically, if you said, yeah, X Song is gonna be in DDR, it could be sued for breach of contract.
Oh, yeah, but see, that's why I let everyone else handle all that. I mean, it's really gone to the point...
Although, at the same time, is it really that big a deal?
Yes, and...
I guess so, with the licenses it could be, but especially when some licenses get cut right before the game comes out, I mean that's a big deal.
Oh yeah, I mean, you know, if not for people basically going through and hacking party collections, you would have, you know, you wouldn't have known about the songs that never made it into DDR for, you know, whatever reason or all that kind of stuff.
and funny enough it's usually licenses first
that you know are often announced because obviously you need something to
sell the game in
you know you want to give the public something that's a familiar
title that they can relate to like they say
oh wow you know such-and-such artist yeah they're popular wow they got them in DDR
that must be you know
pretty big thing
but at the same time the reason why you want to like keep gagging on specialty licenses is
I mean nothing's ever really set in stone there are sometimes when you think you have a
license in the bag and like it's a slam dunk
next thing you know like the carpet gets yanked out so
I mean it's to cover us from getting like egg f***ing young on our face or anything
alright well fair enough
that's what you gotta do
moving on we were doing how was your day before we got on that little tangent
I actually forgot to mention something that happened during my week
I uh... I sprained my wrist and they put me in a cast on Thursday and I cut it off
you took the law into your own hands or you took the law of medicine into your own hands
Yeah, and I'm not wearing my brace either, because it sucks.
Okay, I'm done.
Do you have any pictures of you in the cast, though?
I do, I have one online, but since I can't access the chatroom, I can't post it.
I know, for some reason, I don't know why, but other side IRC, the network raises only lets two simultaneous connections from our house.
Actually, go to www.darksakura.com slash images slash fuckcast.jpg
Okay, I will put that in and then post it in the chatroom if somebody doesn't beat me to it.
In the meantime, Loki!
How was your week, how was your day?
My week was, you know, it was okay.
It was fine.
Totally got this fucking headache today!
And then it went really shitty!
I don't understand it, I get headaches on Sundays.
Why?
It's always on Sundays, and it's always a sinus pressure headache.
I think I'm allergic to something in this house, it's gotta be...
a bad headache. And it's only on Sundays, so it must be Jamie. It was before she came
over. Yeah, I'm not, I'm hypoallergenic. So, yeah, it hurts and I'm trying to, I'm looking
at home remedies on the internet right now. I have all the remedy here. It's called Vicks
Vapourrub and the tube.
which I'm sure a lot of you guys are very proud to hear I'll tell you what
though man we were talking about this a little bit on outside the box on
Thursday but the Xbox live stuff is so detailed it's crazy being able to go on
to bungee.net and see your statistics down to you can pull up a map of the
game you just played and look at where you were killed and when by who is crazy
and what weapon they used to kill you it's just insane the mouse is after that
so I've been having fun playing that online although yesterday I did not have
Well, I'll get into that in the FUs of the week.
And then, what else did I do this week?
I'm not a whole lot Bamani related.
Because of Halo 2, my DDR diet fizzled pretty quickly there.
So I gotta get back into that.
I'm really hoping that UltraMix 2 coming out this week is gonna motivate me to get dancing
again so I hope to see a lot of our listeners on Xbox Live come Friday when the game comes
out.
And we will be doing a special show when the game is released probably on 20 November actually,
on Saturday.
November special. Coincidence? Absolutely not. As far as the rest of my week and my
day, I didn't really do a whole lot, although I did go to Rice Princess, you
know her from outside the box on Thursday nights, she had her Harry Potter birthday
party on Friday and that was a lot of fun because we drank butter beer and I
drank all sorts of liquor and I passed out on the floor. In great tradition of
me going to a party at Rice Princess and Lanky Style's house, I passed out
halfway through the party and I really, I lost big time on Harry Potter trivia.
that made me sad but you know since I don't read the books I was kind of
screwed in the beginning but then this is the weird thing then the next night
after the Harry Potter party the next night what do they show on TV Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone coincidence I think I think it's a big
fat coincidence you shut up all right that's pretty much it for my week of my
day I don't have a whole lot exciting to report although there is a lot of
interesting stuff going on locally now i know that we are an international show
we've got listeners in canada japan everywhere and all across the u s but
sometimes we like to talk about what's going on in our deck of the woods here
in norcal in sacramento the area where we're at
we've heard a very interesting rumor and mel you actually were the one that
started perpetuating this rumor cuz i guess you've heard this from the horse's
mouth
hahaha
well
derby owners club is coming
to sacramento from milpitas it's leaving milpitas bye bye and it's coming to
Roswell Golfland, what games go to die?
Yes, that does put a tear in my eye.
I guess probably there's a couple reasons why it's coming up there.
I think it's gone to the point where Milpitas, you know, you had a lot of people who were
interested in the beginning and obviously it garnered a lot of, you know, people coming
through a lot of traffic.
Then a couple factors, I mean, you got D&B, which is like about a mile and a half, two
miles away, which has it.
It obviously pulls a lot of money, and I think some of the older folks like going there for
the simple fact that you can actually get drunk and play, and all that kind of stuff.
And you don't have to deal with birthday parties.
Yes, seriously.
And obviously, Roseville is a pretty high traffic area, from what I hear.
And there's none left.
If you love underage girls in bikinis, you will love Roseville Golf Land.
I love Roseville Golf Land.
I heart. Yeah, so it's going to be the first one up in that region of California, like
SACTO, and I know there are a lot of people up here who like the game and have come down
and played it and still keep their horses around. And yes, Derby Owners Club is like
the initial D for Rednecks.
I know for a fact from last week's show, Iguana Girl and Islander are all about Derby Owners
Club. They'll be there. I will have to hang my head in shame and go into that place, and
it must be true. Rumor is, yeah, if it's not on the internet it must be true, but rumor
is that Sacramento is going to get 2DX again. And it's coming courtesy of Camelot Golf Land,
sorry guys. That's the rumor we hear, that Camelot Golf Land's 2DX machine is coming
up here. Sorry, but not really. I don't, I think that's a little more, I think the source
is more reliable than the usual 2DX is coming to my neck of the woods source, but I still
have such skepticism because I just, and the rumor is it's supposed to be upgraded to red
by the time he gets there. Yippee! But the thing is that I would be so scared for that
machine because it would die very quickly when all the kids start pounding on it with
their wet little Gulfland slide fingers. Bimani machines don't deserve to be treated that
way. No they don't. By me I think like I said it all boils down to the bottom line. I mean
are more people going to come out to like friggin Livermore to go play 2DX or like Sacto?
I mean, you take your pick.
What, are you talking on Sacramento now?
No, I was saying people are going to come to SACTO, not Livermore, or whatever Camelot
is.
That is Livermore, yeah.
I think?
I don't know.
Oh.
No, I think it's in the south somewhere.
It's Anaheim.
Oh, the Anaheim one?
Oh, okay.
My bad.
I think.
Oh, okay.
Wow.
But I think it's-
I'm not sure about geography.
That's right.
tunnel vision screen i don't know the one where you have no no no that was
she was she had a night vision but didn't shingles machine go to camelot
i'd not be surprised when she got lost i think so i think she goes machine with
the camelot now it might become an erosive
she will is now an apartment complex but i don't know
dead like this go
That was insane!
people will play. It's like you kind of go to a point where you start low, start low
and then you eventually start getting a lot of people playing. And then like almost any
other game you outgrow it. And there was only like so many hardcore people that still stayed
around and played. I mean they're obviously in an uproar right now. But it's like they're
having their farewell send off this weekend. Like they had a G1 tournament. So it's like
They have a bunch of people playing, it's like a hundred bucks to enter, but seriously,
these people are like freaking G's when it comes to playing this game.
I mean, they're like, yeah, I got a 30th generation, you know, thunderboy princess, and you can't
be beat on dirt and et cetera, et cetera.
And it's, I mean, I'd be in the tournament if it didn't cost a hundred bucks a pop to
play, you know.
Is it true that there's celebrities that come to play?
Um, yeah, actually.
Funny enough, the people that, as far as celebrities that are interested in it, are mostly athletes
because they need to do something during their down time, so like at the D&B over in Milpitas,
a lot of the 49ers would come there because their practice camp is in Santa Clara, which
is just down to 27.
And then when you talk about other cities, like San Diego, some of the Chargers played
there.
There was a baseball player on Albert Bell.
Now I'm surprised that Sweat from G4 doesn't come film these guys playing Derby Owners
Club because that's all that's ever on that show are sports people because apparently
they are the only celebrities that actually play video games.
Them and Ayesha Tyler.
Yeah, athletes, I mean, they're definitely all about video games in the locker rooms
or you know, just like on their off days.
And yeah, I mean all that pounding on a machine will definitely work out to Sweat.
Alright, uh, well, hopefully, maybe we'll start seeing some celebrities at, uh, Roseville
Golf Land, though I doubt it.
You never know, you probably might see some- Maybe Schwarzenegger, that's the only celebrity
that lives in Sacramento.
Well, that and, like, the Kings.
Oh, Vasta, you whore!
I'm going to whip you!
I'm going to whip you!
I'm going to whip you like the Indian casinos!
If you do that, we never gulp you!
On that note, we're going to go to a break. We're going to continue the...
Girly horse!
Girly horse, you're a girly horse, a silly little girly horse.
Welcome to Orange Laundry Radio, everybody. I am going to get to that announcement, but
we'll go to a break first, because I like announcements after breaks. It's just me.
In this break, another brand new UltraMix 2 song, as spoiled by the website, which went
up over the weekend. If you want a link to that, just visit orangelaundry.com. We have
a link right there. It's like our top news story.
and her
in this break
well
we're just joined by explicit randomly during every that's right we're going to
go to a break right now
this song is the interesting thing about this song it's also in
that other dancing game
and we'll talk about that and how interesting that must be
the song is vanilla ninja
and it's called tough enough
who i really like the song all of an awesome song and it was like my favorite
song in that other dancing game we're going to talk about that when we come
We'll be right back after this.
of his broken sheen
So keep on looking for peace
If you don't stop, don't fear
Run away, go for the fire
Baby, that's up to none
Keep on living, don't stop
Even the devil
Get you from the sea
Let the clouds rain
Baby, that's up to none
Oh, baby, I'm so in love
When you feel it, the things you've been saying
Never touch my smiley face
You're such a change on your dreams
I'm a disco face, feelings you can't take
But keep on looking for me, looking don't stop, don't feel run away
I wanna fly, yeah, baby, I'm just a nun
Don't keep on living, don't stop feeling the devil in me
Get you in the seat with a pile of rain, baby, I'm just a nun
We're gonna do one more song here in this Ultramix 2 break.
We're gonna do, whoops, nope, not that, that's not an Ultramix 2.
We're gonna do, which one did I want to do here, ah, here it is.
This is an interesting song, it's, the band is called Or If Is, like Or If Is, get it?
and it's called I Spy. Enjoy!
Oh
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and that break you heard Orifis with a song called
I Spy, and before that, Vanilla Ninja would toughen up. Now, I remember when I first heard
that song, I was kind of like, wait a minute, I've heard this before. And I was like, what
the hell have I heard this before? Oh my God, this song was on In the Groove when I went
back and played it in Jersey a few months ago. Coincidence? What the hell happened there?
I don't know, but I would be surprised if, you know, I mean, because Vanilla Ninja is
is a German group, I would be surprised if they just kind of like were of the opinion
hey lets pour out our song to as many people as possible and that very well might have
been the case.
Now obviously since games are tested and planned for months in advance, this song was included
in Ultramix 2 before In the Groove was ever released right?
Honestly I don't know the timing on that one.
I'm pretty sure it was, I think so but we'll see.
So this is very interesting, anything else you want to share?
It's the only song in UltraMix 2 that has a video, right?
It has a music video?
It does have a music video, yes.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And they're not some bad looking girls either.
I mean, kind of like, you know, take Vixen or like any of those female hair metal bands
and kind of pop them up a little and yeah.
You got Vanilla Ninja and they actually have a website out there and all that kind of stuff
and I wish I knew German so I could get myself a free autograph.
So if anyone can do some German translation for me, holler back.
Autographbitte.
So can you tell us anything else about the video?
Because I'm assuming if we could look hard enough we could probably find the video, but I don't know.
Well, it's a pretty, you know, rocking video. It's like, obviously you've got the vammers playing.
I guess the best way to describe it in a nutshell is, if you took Christina Aguilera's dirty video and made it, like, presentable
like the ESRB wouldn't nail us. It's kind of, well, it's just more so the setting, but
it's a cool video. I mean, it's a hell of a lot less scandalous than Do That Thing from
UltraMix 1, so.
Oh, no, we're talking about Vanilla Ninja's Tough Enough from UltraMix 2.
Yeah, like you said, I know you've been out of it. There's a whole lot of UltraMix 2 news
this week, so.
That's all right, well actually if you want to see, because actually the way we know that
that video is in there is that actually if you go to the Ultramix 2 website, there's
a still, one of the screenshots they have has the video in it, so you can kind of get
a little glimpse of what it looks like there.
But they're easy on the eyes, for the most part.
Definitely.
I think actually because when somebody on DDR Freak made the connection that that was
the Vanilla Ninja video, I think they actually linked to the video I want to say.
I think you can go check it out over there.
I just was too lazy to check it out myself.
So moving on, we just got some more guests in the house here.
Like you, Sal.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Pretty good.
Just been working.
Yep.
Had the big party.
Oh, wow.
It's so weird to hear you and work together.
You know what?
Fuck you, buddy.
It's so weird to hear you and attractive in the same sentence.
Wait.
Nobody said that, though.
Anyway.
a big birthday party that you were at, you know, the awesome geeky Harry Potter birthday
party.
It was the one where I passed out halfway through it.
Yeah, on my bed.
In Great Rob's Kitchen.
Does my bed say Rob's Passout Place?
You know why?
Everybody, when I passed out on the floor, like, people would come by and kick my ass,
literally.
Oh, I kick your ass too.
Rob's Passout Kick.
So at one point I was like, God damn it, and I just went to the first place, I knew there
was a bed.
I wasn't exactly going to go into your roommate's room and pass out on their bed.
That would have been interesting.
That would have been kind of funny, actually.
Yeah, but we don't need to get into that.
Yeah, that's right. That's right.
Anyway, other than that, I've been working and making the dough. Yep, good stuff.
Alright, good stuff.
Explicit also joined us during the break there. How was your week? How was your day?
Okay, basically I'm up and down. The break is actually I moved to a new house and stuff.
Looks very nice. Two-story house. Got my own bathroom. Got two bedrooms I can now sleep on.
Wait, you have two bedrooms all to yourself?
Well, sort of anyway. So what, you have your weekend bed and your weekday bed?
Or is there one bedroom that's for the ladies, and then one bedroom...
Oh yeah! Speaking of ladies,
I'm supposed to go to a strip club next two weeks
to sell them to my cousin's 18th birthdays.
Guess I'm gonna have to eat some pussy again.
You know what? Go Club! I don't need to hear that.
Go Club Silverpoles. Wow, I was wondering when this show was going to go on the toilet. Thank you.
But I missed what it was about. That's quite alright.
50 straight casts. Anyway.
I already talked about Halo 2. That was pretty much my week.
Anything new going on at Paradise Island? The place where you work? You're still working there, right?
Yeah.
Anything new going on?
We might get a new arcade vendor. There's a possibility since, for some stupid reason, they're not updating their machines anymore.
Because pad vending is like, I think we're losing contract and stuff.
We might get a vendor from the Bay Area and stuff so we can get, oh yeah.
So I can talk to them by trying to get BeatMania 2DX Red there.
That'd be nice. Interesting. Interesting. Is it a bitch to work through a vendor?
Hell yeah! I had a deal with them during the last tournament for FU.
I'm not sure if I'll have to deal with them again in February for SAC-TAC SmackDown tournament.
Yes, I'm organizing another tournament in Sacramento.
Alright, we'll be there, I'm sure.
It's early February.
will be there. Alright. Let's see, I'm just preparing for SVGL3. SVGL3, the tournament
in December. That's right, I completely forgot about that. I'm definitely going to that.
I just kind of forgot that it was right around the corner. Like, didn't they announce that
tournament like months ago? Yeah, it was supposedly during the summertime, but they moved it to
into the winter, I'm assuming.
And then it was supposedly cancelled because
I assume DCB doesn't want to be the main organizer for it anymore.
Well, I'm sure somebody will pick it up if you didn't want to.
I don't know what's going on.
Someone else picked it up already.
I've been so out of the loop on that stuff.
I was so out of the loop ever since the drama and shit coming around.
Like, oh, I got screwed up, B.A.
Gah!
For certain people.
All right.
According to the rules.
The Dalles all announce the FU's.
Let's back up six inches there. Let's back up.
Back up. Literally, the mic. Back it up.
There you go.
And for the Dalles all announce later, it's going to be one hell of a ride for the FU's on that one.
Alright. I'm looking forward to it.
Alright.
I kind of didn't get to talk enough about the whole vanilla ninja coincidence there within the groove and stuff.
Are you afraid of the backlash that might be coming?
I don't know, kind of hard to say, I mean...
Because you know there's going to be critics out there.
I mean, you already kind of know that with the step data,
that's the first thing people always complain about with the new DDR makes is the steps.
Somebody will not like the steps, that's just a given.
But now you've got the fact that now people have something they're going to keep comparing it to,
and it's kind of like, ugh.
I didn't like the competition stepped out of very much.
And I'm not saying that as a biased opinion.
And I got more or less a lot of confidence in the people who I know who did the step
data for UltraMix 2.
But in the groove, I mean, obviously that's where it came from, obviously.
Almost half of it was what you would expect already, but they have a knack for throwing
in odd rhythms for no reason.
You just kind of wonder if they're listening to the same song you are, but that's just
hopefully it's not the same edit oh no no not all trust like I said if I can
say ours is better obviously ours is different okay and you know I mean I
have to you know personally you know back it up because I did do some of the
step data for us some of the modes I think it's it's interesting more than
anything else that you know you're gonna have the same song in two different
games two different cuts and two different sets of steps very interesting
to see the differences there at least yours isn't gonna have mines right
Oh God, no. And for the record, I saw Miklatov make a comment about all the girls looking like men.
No, they don't. Only the one girl who has the bad 70s Abba hair.
Only, you know, her bangs kind of throw her off, but she cleaned up since.
And they still have that one girl, the youngest girl, who looks like Pornakova.
Anything that looks like Pornakova is good to me.
Wow. Okay. We're going to open up the Skype line in a little bit. If you guys have anything
you want to ask about for UltraMix 2, as well as, oh God, what else? I mean, this is a big
week, Bomani game-wise. I mean, this is the calm before the storm, because in this week
we're about ready to hit the unofficial Bomani holidays of 19 November and 20 November, and
now this year, this year we have 18 November, which is going to be the big day that 8 style
consumer versions out, Popin Music 10 is out, and DDR Festival is all going to come out.
And now we find out UltraMix 2 got pushed back to an 18 November ship day. So the Americans
get in on it too a little bit. So it's going to be a very big week. So this week's show,
this next week's show is going to be huge. Tonight we're just mediocre, but next week
huge. No, anyway.
This is an orgy waiting to happen.
All right, we do have a call coming in on the Skype line. Let me take this real fast.
I do want to get to that announcement too, I keep forgetting. But let's get to this call
first real fast. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge.
yo sky hi here who's this Ziggy hi Ziggy how you doing hey nothing much
what's on your mind well I only have a one question for a for a guy what walk
yeah for a little walk okay yeah yeah I just you know I just read this from
the money style that DJ about last Tuesday DJ paranoia posted that Jason
Because Enos is wanting to bring out 2DX in the U.S.
What is your reaction about that?
Well obviously, I mean, who in the Bimani community would not want to see 2DX in America?
I mean, there's no doubt that there has been enough music games within the past three to
four years to warrant that obviously, well yeah, you know, we can probably take it one
step further, but I mean, there's a lot of things you have to consider when you want
to bring a game like 2DX that's established in one country to another. Like, for example,
you have like 11 styles in Japan. So, you know, it's, everyone knows what they want,
are going to expect. However, if you bring it out here to America, well, you got to think,
well, how much are people going to pay for a peripheral to a game that is completely
absolutely new? You're not sure about that. Then you got to think.
Well, but maybe, maybe the success of games like Donkey Konga and hopefully Taco Drum
Master, maybe that would be incentive, hopefully.
Okay, that's true.
Maybe.
Let's take it one step further.
You got people, like I said, Bimani fans who would like to see a US version, they probably
would want to buy it.
That said, how difficult do you make it on the get-go?
Do you want to make it easy enough for people to get it?
Truth be told, 2DX is not an easy Bimani.
When you compare the major four, for example, I would say 2DX, if you take the hardest song
from DDR compared to like the hardest song guitar freaks to like you know 2DX
and 2DX is a pretty difficult game I mean you know I mean of course it can be beat
within reasonable time and such but then you gotta think you know it's like well
are we gonna have a beginner mode for us are we only going to make it up to like
you know the hardest song is maybe just the normal seven is there gonna be a
flashing seven you gotta wonder about like being able to appease new fans but
at the same time you don't want to insult the intelligence of like the
Yeah, of the hardcore people, so it's kind of a hard, I think, I mean, just coming from
me, I think that would be a little bit of a hard thing to gauge, I mean, I don't think
it's impossible, and I mean, like anyone, I would like to see it come over, whether
it will or not, I mean, you never know.
I mean, obviously, with the success Biamani has been having, it's making a case stronger
and stronger each day, so whenever it happens, you know.
From your perspective, having been on the inside at one point, is there anything you
Do you think we could do as Bimani fans to help?
Like are petitions going to help or is it a lost cause or what?
Well, I don't know.
I have really yet to see a petition really, you know, like make a difference in anything.
Right.
You know, I mean, last time I ever saw that was quite a recall, but you know, that's a
whole different story altogether.
But I think it's more or less, you really just got to support Bimani and you just got
to, I mean, it doesn't hurt to drop a letter into customer service once in a while to Konami
and say, yeah, we're really interested in all that kind of stuff.
I mean, sure, when you write it off and send it off, you think no one's ever going to pay attention, but you'd be surprised when, like, you know, as a product manager, I notice for like any video game, you always gotta keep your eyes and ears open because, you know, just like the slightest bit of, you know, idea or just, you know, hints or suggestions people have, you know, fans have a lot more influence than they think.
Obviously they're not going to make the game all by themselves, but I think you have to
figure that kind of stuff.
I mean, if you want to have a successful game, you want people to buy it, you give them what
they want, by and far.
Very interesting.
Very cool.
Siggy, anything else you want to ask for 4.1?
No, that's the only other question I wanted to know.
Okay, cool.
Hey, you looking forward to 8 style consumer?
Yeah.
Alright, call us back next week and let us know what you think, because I'm too poor
to get it, so I don't know if we're going to get to look at it.
Thanks guys. Alright, take it easy man. Alright. Bye bye. Very good question. I did not know
that that kind of stuff was posted over on BemaniStyle, but that's what I get for not
being in the loop on the different forums. Interesting. Alright, let's get to that big
announcement while we wait for another call to come in. One interesting thing that was
brought up on the show last week is that, is there a possibility that in the future
that Orange Lounge Radio and DDR Freak Radio might get together and do something? And the
answer is yes starting this Friday on what is the date this Friday Friday the
19th starting this Friday you'll be able to catch the orange lounge radio rewind
over on DDR freak radio that's the big announcement and if you've been paying
attention to DDR freaks site feedback forum you'd already know that because it
was announced earlier today but that's alright so maybe but maybe you want to
go over to that forum and let them know what great news it is to hear that we're
gonna be doing that so hopefully we'll be able to have a guana girl on the show
again and do more kinds of things to partner up with DDR Freak Radio and let
them know that there's lots of love for internet radio stations there's there's
plenty of love for all of us so so that's exciting I'm really excited I
think it'll help open up our show to a whole new audience over there and I
think it's gonna bring their radio station something different I don't know
if it's gonna work out good for them because our show kind of sucks but you
No, I'm kidding.
Our show rocks, listen to it every week.
What, Lanky's down?
I said, yeah, you've got self-confidence.
Let me put it this way, if I wasn't confident in this show,
I would have stopped on episode three or four.
This is 117, or 118 now.
Yeah, how long were you playing DDR?
Shut up.
All right, how long were you playing DDR?
Excuse me?
Yeah.
Who was in Sacramento that, yeah, that's what I thought.
Yeah, shut up.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
1999.
How are you doing over there, Darkstackeler, by the way?
I haven't heard a lot from you tonight, which is rare.
I hate my nose.
Aww.
So does Michael Jackson.
Yeah, but he had the money to go buy him a new one.
I need one that comes with completely dry sinuses.
Yeah, you just need new sinuses, though.
Yeah.
Your nose is fine.
I'm getting high off of this Vicks stuff, though.
Awesome.
I'm doing my homework, so yeah, I'm doing a homework on ethics and business and contracts.
It's very boring.
Fascinating.
Very, very fascinating.
Oh.
By fascinating you mean boring, yes, it is.
To answer some questions from the chat room about the whole DDR Freak Radio syndication,
it's going to be 6 p.m. Pacific Time on Friday.
That's awesome.
On DDR Freak Radio.
I'll be at work.
Well, tune in from work.
I don't know what to tell you.
No, that's a good idea.
I have to try that.
You should try that.
There you go.
And just so you know, the Wednesday rewinds here
on Orange Lounge Radio, they're going to change a little bit.
Since we have our rewinds over on DDR Free Radio now,
we're going to bring you classic and moldy episodes of Orange
Lounge Radio that are freshly fermented.
So year-old episodes we're going to start
bringing you on Wednesday nights, like old stuff.
That'll be the little change there.
Oh, we are getting another call.
I need to pay attention to the Skype line once in a while.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Well, Legend of Zaku here.
Hi Zaku, how you doing?
Yeah, let me add a counter statement to what they said about American 2DX release.
Okay.
Seeing as, you know, going on the basis of the last presidential election and the fact that most,
The vast majority of this country is red and I want to follow up on that word just to keep
it there.
Wait, wait.
Wouldn't that mean that 2DX Red might have some success here?
No, I didn't mean that.
What I meant is the red states, in particular the fact that you're releasing a seven key
game with a turntable and the fact that it's going really fast and it's going to, you know,
I don't know if we're prepared for the attention span that it will, because that will demand
a lot. Especially from Americans who are... Alright, Mel's got his hand up. Mel's got
his hand up. And I suppose that's why Omaha, of all places, got 2DX Red before everyone
else in America, whom? Hey, I live in New York. Hey, I live in New York. My state has
a nice style. It's only a nice style on the East Coast. I'm sorry, were you saying something?
Let me put it this way. I don't know if 2DX will sell here.
Let me sum it up. You're saying that basically, and you're tangent to the election aside, ignoring all that,
basically what you're saying in a nutshell is that America is too stupid for 2DX.
I don't know. Maybe. I'm not sure.
What you're mainly saying is that people who vote for somebody you don't agree with are stupid.
stupid. No, we all know that. You're misunderstanding my point. You're misunderstanding me right
now. Look, listen. What I'm trying to say is that in a video game country, in a country
where basically the vast majority of video games are like what? Right now it's mostly
you know, Halo. It's like first person shooting sports and fighting games. Dancing games is
up there and make some highlights and a few and took the limelight a little bit, but you're
talking about something that, I don't know, the same way that DDR supposedly came here
because it didn't plan this to arrive because it only came with a few thousand copies thinking
that it wasn't going to sell because of the cultural differences. That's what I'm trying
to say.
Okay, you know what, that sounds very familiar.
You actually sound like the president of Konami around circa 2000.
This is when Jason Neils had fought for about three years to get DDR in America.
Somehow Jason had begged and clotted and did everything in his power to get DDR released
into America.
The president only made them press about 20,000 copies or so.
He was absolutely confident this would not sell, it would not do well in America.
And, you know, lo and behold, when it did come out to America, it sold out, like, at a record pace.
You try to go to Fry's or any other place that sold video games, there was no way in hell you could find a copy.
People had to pay, like, 70 or 80 dollars for a PS1 freaking game, you know, for crying out loud.
And that's not even counting the ones with, like, a bundle, so...
And remember, this was at a time when music games did not have nearly as much fanfare as it does now.
I mean, now that not only do you have Konami, but, you know, you had, like, people from Harmonix that did frequency amplitude.
now you know karaoke revolution that you got the MTV you know so I'm just saying
you know I mean it's a legitimate idea to say that you know b2dx might not sell
well that may be true you know it's like I wouldn't put it so it's you know for
the fact that people are too stupid for it let let me let that go finish the
stock basically I can understand that there's only I can't understand why
there's only two bemon two forms of Armani here GDR and karaoke revolution
Adding a third and trying to expand gradually from what's already there in Japan, I'm not sure.
I know both did well. In a sense, it might be a slippery slope on one side,
but as long as fans can back it up and regular people can learn how to be tolerant and embrace it,
then there's a good chance it'll sell and make a repeat of the last two.
Alright, the bottom line is, if it came out, you'd buy it, right?
I would buy it, no doubt.
There you go. At least the support would be there.
Alright, we gotta move on. So thank you for calling, Zaku. Have a good one.
I just want to make a really quick comment.
Very interesting perspective.
I want to make a really quick comment. A lot of games in Japan never come here because people think we're not gonna get it.
There's just too many cultural differences. Look at games like Katamari Damacy.
I was just thinking the same thing as you were saying that.
Animal Crossing.
Katamari Damacy, Incredible Crisis didn't sell incredibly, but it was pretty tough to find.
It had a following.
I mean, the little amount of copies they...
Even Bust A Move.
Yeah, Bust A Move. That was like right around the same time DDR first came out, when the first Bust A Move game came out.
The first Bust A Move had been out. I had the second one before the first one came out.
And essentially, like, all that stuff becomes cult hit. I mean, like, Parappa was, you know, first Japan, if I'm not mistaken, or whatever, and then, yeah, it came out here, and it sold about, like, 30-40,000 units, which, essentially, in the game industry, 25,000 is considered, like, a cult hit, so, you know, and, just like DDR, the minute you get a cult following, you know, if it has, if the game is good enough and has staying power, and you have enough fans that back it, it's gonna blow up eventually, you know, it will run its course.
I mean, and it's just, that's usually how they all start, whenever something new comes
out it's a quote-unquote cult hit.
I mean, this is, maybe people are going to probably bash me for saying this, but first
person shooters didn't used to be the most popular game in the world.
But then ever since, you know, Doom came out, just, it started going, getting more and more
popular and then, and then we got, then we got, then we got Goldeneye, and then.
But first person shooters weren't really possible before Doom.
No, no, yes they were.
there were games before Doom, I played them before. They were 3D technically, but they
were first responders.
I think, you know what though, Zaku does bring up an interesting perspective. I think what
basically he's saying and how Mel makes the comparison where, you know, this was the same
reservation as the Konami had about DDR several years ago, is that people wouldn't get it.
Well, they're just having those same concerns all over again. I don't think that comes as
a surprise to any of us, basically, so, you know.
I think with a good marketing campaign, I think it would definitely move.
I think a lot of it has to do with what is 2DX's niche, too?
DDR makes you lose your butt a little bit, right?
It makes you work out.
And then 2DX is just fans of music.
People who like the feeling that they're creating a song, but with no talent.
No, just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
There's a lot of people out there who play 2DX that are extremely talented, but it's
easier to make the music, you could say, playing 2DX than actually going and producing music
from the ground up. And everybody, I think, gets that feeling. I remember the first time
I ever played Hip Hop Mania, Complete Mix 1, when it first came out in America, way
back in the day, and I played, you know, was it Believe Again or something like really
old, I was just like, I feel like I'm making music. I pressed a key, and then I pressed
the key again and this turntable is cool. You know, I love music. I've grown up loving
music and I still love music. Obviously a lot of people love music, so I think you just
point at these things in a sales campaign or something and sell it off of its music.
Well I just kind of hope that the success of Donkey Kongo, which I believe has been
a fairly successful game so far, Taiko Drum Master, not Taiko no Tatujin of Japan, a little
early to tell I think of that one so far if it's been successful or not but hopefully
if these games that come bundled with peripherals are somewhat successful hopefully maybe Konami
will go okay maybe maybe maybe maybe America feels a little different about peripherals
now because I think a long time ago it was kind of like peripherals don't do well here
super scope power pad you know everything pretty much tank u-force power glove well
how much is a how much is a like an official Konami dance pad right now still about I don't
I mean, to get an official Konami pad, you'd have to buy a bundle, usually.
I mean, if you go to, like, some, like, Starlax 8 Toys and Joys, yeah, you can probably get for, like, 30, 40 bucks.
But the bundle, I think they run about somewhere around $79 to $80, give or take.
I believe they are selling an UltraMix 2 bundle on Amazon right now for $59.99.
Okay, so, what I'm saying is that when the Konami pads officially came out originally, they were over $50 apiece.
they were over fifty bucks a piece
to import them before they came out here they were usually like seventy
something bucks a piece
obviously the prices dropped
substantially
well mad cats had a lot to do with that too with their you know bargain basement
dance pads well no i'm talking about official pads that are actually
quality made pads
you know i think the same could be done with a konami controller i mean
ever since the 2DX
official konami controller not the arcade style
ever since they came out they've been around a hundred dollars
and they still are around a hundred dollars
i'm sure they could
work something out where they could drop the price a little bit for an american
you know release
sony does it all the time they take big you know maybe uh... konami could outsource
a company to make a quality
controller
you know interesting
you know and take and take a little bit of loss for a little while till the game
gets you know who knows maybe
sony makes peripherals why can't sony do it
they got money
So in other words, Konami, if you're listening, just take a chance.
Oh my god. Take a chance on me. No, stop it. Take a chance. No ABBA. Take a chance. Is there ABBA in DDR?
Or in anybody? Not yet, not yet. Then don't bring it up.
Dancing quick.
As long as ASCII does not make a seven key,
ASCII is probably the worst five key
controller ever made. Wait, is that the same company that made the ASCII
pad for the Super Nintendo?
That was, I think, at the time, the greatest controller ever made, so what the fuck happened
to them?
Management.
I don't know.
All right.
Maybe.
All right, we're going to go to a break.
We got some more UltraMix II songs we're going to play for you guys.
This next one, it's actually a really long one, so we're going to kind of shorten it
a little bit.
I'm going to kind of start it here in the middle for you guys.
It's a group called Creo.
I think I pronounced that right.
Creo?
Close enough.
Close enough.
It's K-R-E-O.
Creo.
Or if you said it backwards, it would be O-REK.
I don't know.
Anyway, the song is called Burn For You, and this is a new song that's going to be on Ultramix
too.
And don't play this at your local clinic.
It might be a bad sign.
All right, here it is.
Enjoy.
You need to get something you don't know You need to get something you don't know
Let me tell you somethin' you don't know
If you keep the secret, I will know If you keep the secret, I will know
I'm learning from you
I'm learning from you
Let me tell you somethin' you don't know Let me tell you somethin' you don't know
Should you keep the secrets I once told
Na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na
I'm burning for you
Let me tell you something
You don't know
I'm burning for you
Oh
And there you go again.
To the steps wide to orange path.
This GDR sucks.
We are back here on Orange Launch Radio, starting the Eurobeat party apparently, no sorry about
that.
That's what happens when I have things on repeat, it shouldn't be.
Initial D. Initial D. We are back here on episode number 118, what are you boys talking
about over there?
What are you always talking about back there?
Oh, we're gushing over the Rumble Roses soundtrack.
Oh, you're right. We're talking about boobs.
Well, it's kind of relevant because the game comes out this week here, so...
I thought it just came out on, like, Friday or something.
Did it?
Yeah, I heard it came out.
Okay. Well, I just know that this week I've got to go pick up a few games, so...
Am I coming through on the mic?
Do you have money for that?
Yeah, I got a little money.
Just teasing you.
Can you check the levels? Am I coming through?
Yeah, you're coming through. I can hear you.
That's why I have these big space-age headphones on, so I can hear that the microphones are coming through okay.
Yeah, now you look like a real DJ.
Yeah, I know. This is the coolestest I'm ever going to get to the real thing.
I mean, you've got the headphones on.
I know.
You're not particularly attractive.
I got two-
Just kidding!
I got two turntables and a microphone.
Aha! Okay, Beck.
All right.
Where's that, huh?
Um, no, but...
But... continue. Onto your topic, if you have one.
Well, I was going to say Rumble Roses, but that's all right. If you guys are done-
You were talking to Mel about the voice acting, right?
Oh yeah, I was just asking if I ever asked him about the voice acting, if there was anything up with it.
I mentioned it last week, but I couldn't remember it quite like you can.
Okay. Well, no, I just was explaining to him, and I'm assuming it's not the game itself.
The game, I doubt could normally release a game with seriously mismatched speech to the lip syncing,
because it was like, in the videos I had, the voices were coming out of the wrong people.
So I'm assuming it's just because somebody was skipping, whoever was playing over at IGN was skipping through dialogue in it, you know.
You know how it is.
And by the way, don't blame us people over at the...
in the U.S. for the horrible dialogue within the game. We were only given one day to rewrite all that stuff, so...
Even the producer admitted as much after we did, like, you know, some damage control. He said we should have been writing from the get-go.
You know what's interesting, though, is that a lot of the earlier reviews of Rumble Roses have good things to say about the music. Very good things to say about the music.
Oh, a lot of people I've been reading the reviews have been saying it's just a good game all around.
I mean, I think, you know, the chicks thing has a big thing to do with that, but hey, it looks like a great game.
Well, I think what Rumble Roses has best going for it is the fact that, I mean, you capture a lot of things that wrestling people like.
They like wrestling, and most of the wrestling, they use the engine from Yuke's, which was the one that's been used for Smackdown for the past couple of seasons.
So the people who buy the game have something they're already familiar with as far as gameplay.
And then of course it's, you know, 100,000 megapixels or whatever, you know.
So the characters are very detailed and, you know, they've got an engine for jiggling and all that kind of stuff, I'm thinking, you know.
So it's, I mean, what's not to like? Visually great? Gameplay great? I mean, if you don't like, if you don't like wrestling, I mean, then...
Well, wait a minute, that's the weird thing. I don't like chicks, and I don't like wrestling, yet I'm interested in this game.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, that's because you're, that's because you're gay. And?
No, no, no, that's the reason why you're interested, because you wish you could be as hot as these girls.
Okay, yeah, I wish.
Anyway, no, um...
Yeah, blanket statement aside, anyway, um...
Here's just kind of an old joke, but on a serious note, kind of, I don't know.
Well, no, not any serious, just a joke.
Yeah, it's got the whole engine for jiggling and stuff.
You're not necessarily a boob guy, which you're weird if you aren't,
but you're more of an ass guy.
They got some pretty good accurate ass jiggling, too.
I would say I'm more of an ass guy, and I still don't care.
And again, you're gay.
What the hell?
What are you saying Miklo?
You saying I'm wrong?
What am I wrong about?
Anyway.
So anyway, about the voice of reason, one of our females in the chatroom, DDR Coholic
says when will the games with the gyrating penis come out?
I want to know when my thunder down under wrestling game comes out.
If you want giant gyrating penis, that would have been in Katamari Damacy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, no, there's a series of games in Japan that are shooters, that all the characters,
shooter games.
Floyd Walker's grabbing his testicles, like, he's like, oh no, okay.
No, not that kind of, like a side-scrolling shooter game, that are, the characters, your
your ship, whatever, is like a muscly, half-naked man.
And this is like a big popular series in Japan.
Like, it was on, if you search for, like, weirdest Japanese
games on Google, I'm sure you'll find a link to it.
So you know what?
There are plenty of games.
That's from Miklotov.
OK, Skydish Kimborn punched me.
Thanks a lot, Miklotov.
He says, because not all gay guys want to be women.
I know.
I said, blanket statement aside.
Obviously, I wasn't serious, but I am with you, Miklotov.
No, I'm just kidding.
It was fun to punch you anyway.
You know.
God, do not bring a boonga boonga.
We do not need finger to the ass action here.
Oh, man.
Not that kind of ass.
Anyway, I just thought I'd let you know,
because girls always say this.
When do we do the hot guys in games?
Hot guys in games has been around since games came out, okay?
They've been putting artwork on old arcade games with big, muscly men, and they still
put hot guys, quote-unquote, in video games now.
Like Karnov?
What's that?
What?
What?
I can play with John Cena at home, so I'm happy.
I don't know who John Cena is.
How about this is a weird...
Oh, okay.
Hey, hey, hey.
How about this is a weird game right here?
Mini Skirt Police.
Wait, did you suffer weird games, like, people?
Yeah.
Miniskirt Police. It's a light gun game. Or I guess you take pictures of women in miniskirts.
Okay.
Not from Namco thing. Go Namco.
Oh yeah. There's Namco for it. Interesting.
They should have a motion capture version of that. MoCap miniskirt police.
And you need a partner to play with in a miniskirt. So it's not really a game. It's just, yeah. Anyway.
Hey, don't like the Japanese games, though, because they brought us Radiant Silver Gun, which I've got to play for the game.
And an awesome spin-off called Ikaruga.
Yeah, but I got to play Radiant Silver Gun Arcade Machine, and that makes me feel special for the rest of my life.
On the now-vanished game land in Vegas.
Ooh, cool. Radiant Silver Gun is pretty. Okay.
Nice.
Go on, Rob.
Oh hell, did I have another topic? I knew I had something Ultramix 2 related. I want to get to the cage match soon too, but I guess we can do one more quick topic.
You know that some of the first early reviews of Ultramix 2 came out, and one of them has been making rounds on The Freak. It's the one that was in GMR magazine.
And apparently, they're not big fans of the game. But man, The Freak, they are tearing this guy apart. Like, I was just reading this. I'm looking at the thread here, page 160.
I think it's 161 or 162 of the thread. Somebody tried, like, harassing the guy on AOL and
everything.
Wow, man.
I would not say harassing, but, you know, maybe borderline stalking the guy on AOL trying
to say, what's wrong with you? Fuck you, you fucking fuck! No, I'm kidding. It was more
mature than that, but, you know, not by much.
I mean, you know, part of half of me is, you know, saying, oh, yeah, go, you know, stick
up for us. The other half is, you ain't even played the game yourself. You know, what the
Hell do you know?
So, I mean, I think ultimately, you know, only God could judge us, and if he did, he'd
give us an A+.
Or, okay, A-.
There's always room to improve.
Anyway, sorry.
We're getting a call in studio during show, which is quite rare, because most people know.
No, these are the stupid fuckers that, you know, have automated 1-800 numbers telemarkers.
Oh, okay.
Hi, this is Aris from GameStop.
Aris?
Are you dead?
You get this automated call. Hi, this is Aris at GameStop.
You've reserved a blank game. And it's like, Aris is like a reference to Aris from Final Fantasy VII.
I guess. It's a meme, Mario!
I just wanted to let you know that your Sonic the Hedgehog game came in.
Mama mia! Even though, and people who have seen me play
Final Fantasy 7 know this because I have my game saved at this one particular place. So
that I can take this shit out of Jenova again and watch Aerith die all over again.
Yes, it's a great thing to relive, right? Oh my god you guys, stop spoiling Final Fantasy
7, I haven't played it yet. She dies! Get over it! And I cheer. Yeah, it's good. The
only thing, in my opinion, that could ruin Advent Children is if Aerith somehow comes
Oh my god, that would just...
Okay, so, that being said...
Guys, I have no feelings.
Why? Tifa is a much better woman.
She can kick ass.
I can't believe we're having this discussion, so I'm gonna change the subject back to this review.
If I got a call from Aris from Gamestop, I would run away.
Aris had codependency issues.
Yeah.
Oh my lord.
Lord.
Well, if you want to join in the fun, they posted his AOL screen name and everything.
I just think that's kind of interesting that they got the whole little, I mean, for lack
of a better term, I know it's not these same guys, but I can't help but think of the word
Be Mafia to describe what's going on here.
I don't like using that term because I know it's not the same people, but you know what
I mean.
It's still the same idea where these guys are just hounding this poor guy that was just
review in and decided to knock this game a little bit because it wasn't his cup of tea,
wasn't Japanese enough for him, I guess, was the gist of the review.
I mean, you never know. Once a festival hits Japan, Japan critics are going to say, you
know, it's not American enough. That would be ironic, wouldn't it?
Wow. But the good news is that some other reviews
are coming out and I think we've seen like seven and a halfs and eights and, you know,
average DDR scores are on the board. But I think, again, a lot of these people don't
really you know the folks that review hundreds and hundreds of games you know
for the magazines and stuff you know they don't have time to submerse
themselves in the communities of all these games I don't think a lot of these
folks maybe realize just how different and it's like how anticipated this game
is in America just because it isn't a Japanese release you know what I mean I
don't know that's just my take on it I mean it's finally like one of those
games it seems to have very very very few ties to Japan other than the fact that
hey the game was originally created there but it's like you know whole new
interface, whole new game, whole new modes it's really truly like an American
production. I think it's just kind of one of those things where it's just after
time that series will have its own identity more than anything and that's
all you can really I mean just die as a gamer think originality just like making
you know like being a little different I mean sure you know DDR is pretty
universal as far as like within Konami itself and all but if you got Ultra Mix 2 and it's
like always kind of like that cutting edge type thing it's like why you know some people
watch like M2 you know as opposed to MTV or you know watch all those other niche shows
because you know it's like they already know they like the game but they want to see it
to its you know maximum potential or it's something different and you know I mean it's
why not.
Very interesting.
Apparently now I'm getting a follow up apparently our old Orange Launch Radio favorite El Mullet
is the one that's been doing a little bit of this AOL harassing at this guy.
Hey, he's the pusher for the cookies, so he gets the amnesty right away.
That's right. But no, apparently he has responded. We don't know the details yet, though. I'm
hearing this all secondhand, but maybe we'll... Keep checking the freak for developments,
because maybe something will get posted there. Whoo! Drama, drama revolution. Gotta love
it. All right. It feels like old times, doesn't it?
DD Archaholic is still fixated on the whole once a male game and this is what she sent me in a private message.
She says, I want my boyfriend to watch me play the game and start crying because the game makes him feel inadequate while I enthusiastically play the hell out of it.
Who said this?
DD Archaholic.
Oh, I thought this was Rice Prince.
No, no. That would have been funny though.
That's great.
I'm sure she would have said it too.
You know what, though? That's happened. That's all personal preference, what game makes you want to play it so much.
There's been times where Ice Princess was so hooked on the game where she would just play it all the time and we didn't really have time for much else.
That's just how it is. You're a gamer, you're in a relationship, things like this happen.
So, why am I going on with like the whole, it's like I'm advising her or something.
Whatever. Yeah. Don't play Puzzle Pirates.
Sorry. Anyway.
Okay, I think it's time for us to get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
What do you guys think?
Sure. Please.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, Jamie won it with a song.
song I guess it's some sort of parody song it was a little silly five four
three one of that but it was very popular nonetheless it was nonetheless
and that won our cage match with a sweeping victory it was Vlad with
electronic supersonic and that's the first song we're gonna hear a clip of in
tonight's cage match now here's the thing here's the thing yeah Loki much to
Loki's hatred he does not like this song he is only pissed off because he's the
the one that usually puts the smart-ass songs in.
I'm debating whether to put a really shitty song or a really good song tonight.
Hold on, I have to agree. I...
Papa Smurf was awesome.
Okay, hold on. Way back in the day, back when you weren't in the hundreds yet in episodes,
like probably not even in the 20s or something, I once...
We didn't have three people for a cage match, so I once...
I said, go ahead and put in one of my songs, and you're like, what is this?
God, I'm not ready for this.
And I put in a Aquabats song, which is a pretty popular ska group.
And you said, I don't see that as a cage match song.
How is Dark Sacular's song, though it is very funny, any different than that?
It is not what you would see as a cage match song, but you didn't say anything.
Here's the thing, though, in the past...
No, the thing is, though, you're full of shit.
The thing is, though...
Oh, shit.
Shut up before I shut my cock in your mouth.
your mouth shut up the cage match has evolved an awful lot the past you know
hundred episodes we've been doing it I think it used to be the thing where it
was like DDR guitar breaks 2dx now it's kind of like cool stuff no no no wait
wait okay wait I'm totally calling bullshit because I have said they're not
age man just wait for about four weeks ago or five weeks ago Matt put on a song
by um no no no no no no no the song you put on by um CompuFonic uh what's the name of the band?
Echo Image. Echo Image um what's the name of that song? Come Back. Come Back. That song is awesome
and you said I won't see it as a cage match song. I didn't I still don't. It totally fits perfectly
into the genre of music we play. It was techno pop or electro pop or whatever you know. I didn't and I still don't.
What do I know? Because it's the first song ever to have to be retired from the cage match, so obviously it doesn't come down to my opinion, it comes down to the opinion of the listeners.
So put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Whatever happened to the days when we used to say that we do this radio show for our amusement, not their amusement?
Well, we sold out like cheap whores, what do you expect?
Thank you, Sal. Thank you, Sal. Can I have a hug?
Get away from me. Can I have a hug?
I want a hug. There.
We're going to put our differences aside.
Stop trying to grope me. Get away from me.
You're hugging very provocative.
It feels very erotic. You've got to do that. I'm kidding.
You want me to make a video game out of that?
There was that one game that was at the Natsume booth at E3, where you go around kissing people.
Yeah, Tulip.
Tulip.
Alright, anyway.
Hello, cage match.
Hello.
Alright, we're gonna get into this.
It's electronic supersonic.
You get to hear a clip of it, because it won last week, and then you'll hear two new songs
in their entirety, and I can't wait to hear what you all have to say about my pick tonight.
He's gonna love it.
Anyway.
I thought we did piss Brad off on our show on Thursday.
Sorry, sorry.
Before we go, you can vote for this if you want. It's a clip of song number one. This is Zladd with Electronic Supersonic. Enjoy.
He doesn't have much time, my blue jeans is tight
So onto my love rocket climb
Inside tank of fuel is not fuel, but love
Above us, there is nothing above, but the stars above
All systems gone, prepare for down count
Five, four, three, one, off blast
Fly away my space rocket
You no need put money in my pocket
pocket. The door is closed, I just lock it. I put my gold plug in your socket.
The sun and sky is bright like fire. You and me gets higher and higher.
I've got no communication bias. The only thing that can stop us is flat tires.
Hail, love crusader, I want to be your space invader
For you I will descend the deepest moon crater
I is more stronger than Darth Vapour
Obey me, I is your new dictator
For you is Venus, I am Mars
With you I is more richer than all the stars
Make our wishes on our shooting stars
Then for you I will play on my cosmic guitar
Ladies and gentlemen, fasten your belts please
Commence that with friends. I trust you enjoy this flight as much as you enjoy this act.
because it's pretty funny. Pretty funny.
Alright, next up in the cage match, Loki's pick for this week.
Loki, what did you pick for us?
I picked Rammstein's song off their new album.
It's called America, and it's a nice American-hating song.
And I hate America, so here we go.
Alright, here's song number two, Rammstein.
And I just gotta say, now wait a minute.
See, Jamie puts in the song that I would expect Loki to put in,
to put in and now loki is putting in the song i would expect jamie to put in
what is going on when the hell is going on with the show i've played this song
plenty of times on my show and i'm going to put in the song that nobody would put
in so here we go song number two i'm staying
with America. Enjoy!
For Paris, it may give out
We're all
We're all
We're all
We're all living in America
America
It's one of our
We're all living in America
America
America
I wish to turn your heads up
Tellin' you how long it are
And we're the right Ana
We need you as soon as weETH
We've you're a roll Alliance
I swear we're the right
As Africa comes and down
So, I'm going to see Becky Mauss
We're all living in America
America
It's Wunderbar
We're all living in America
America
America
We're all living in America
Coca-Cola
On the block
We're all living in America
America
America
Chasing out another star
Chasing out another star
I don't think my mother's gone
We're all living in America, America
We're all living in America, America, it's one of ours
We're all living in America, America, America
We're all living in America, Coca-Cola, I'm trying to walk
We're all living in America, America, America
All right, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
That was Ramstein with America.
Very interesting.
And because I forgot to say it earlier and I forgot we're going to have a lot of new
listeners now with the whole DDR Freak radio syndication. I should explain what
the cage match is all about. That's where we play three songs, each host picks a
song, they go head-to-head against each other, and the winning song goes into
rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio Live. I'm sorry, not Orange Lounge Radio Live,
Orange Lounge Radio is the Mani Music and More program, which airs 24 hours a day,
7 days a week on Orange Lounge Radio. Again, the cage match kind of started as
songs that would be really good in DDR, 2DX, and Damani type games, but I think
just kind of turn into a clusterfuck of whatever school as I was telling Brad
earlier anyway we're going to give our thoughts on those songs but of course it
is up to you in the end what you think you are the ones that have the final say
but we're going to give you a hint Jamie want to go first nine this is a slump
sign oh you're not saying no you're saying like the number nine I'm sorry my
computer is doing that see you know how on XP when you hold shift for five
seconds and I hate that I'm having to turn that shit off yeah I hate that
shit turn that shit off I'm turning the shift off turn on I don't want my sticky
keys to come on without you know actually anything being on there I don't
get the keys stick usually anyway something else anyway yeah go ahead like
yourself like what should I rate it yes mmm definitely not one of the better
There's better songs than Duhas that they did.
I was torn between this one or Moscow, so Moscow would have been pretty good.
And you don't hate Moscow nearly as much as you hate America, so you had to pick America.
Well, Moscow, I had a girl that sings in it, it's like tattoo, and it's got also the...
Sounds like tattoo.
Yeah, and it also has accordion in the background, that kind of goes with it, it's weird, but it sounds good.
Um, I don't know, every time I hear, you know, all that kind of, you know, music, I think of, like, the German greats, you know, I think of vanilla ninja, I think of, uh, Falco, David Hasselhoff, you know?
I mean, so, I have to, I have to accept my hierarchy and-
Is Falco the guy that's saying putting on the ritz?
No, that was Taco.
Oh, Taco.
That was Rock Me on the Day.
Rock Me on the Day.
Oh my God.
Taco, Taco.
Damn it!
Damn it!
fun one to play. Umm, explicit. Well, it's a pretty interesting song, but I've heard
better songs from Ramstein, so I'm gonna give it a 7 out of 10. Alright, there you have
it. Alright, but it doesn't matter what we think, it's all up to what you guys think.
It's no ODB, but it'll have to do. What? It's no ODB, but it'll have to do. Rest in peace,
Russell Jones, AKA Dirt McGirt. AKA Big Baby Jesus, AKA Osiris. AKA me and Mariah Carey
like babies and pastimes.
What's your favorite ODB quote?
I'm going to refrain from comments, be polite.
Alright, anyway.
He died last night, dude.
Moving on.
Yes, ODB died, he collapsed in the studio.
He literally dropped dead.
At the age of 35 or 36.
He literally just dropped dead in the studio.
No, just in the music field, prior to recording, which proves to us once again cocaine is a
hell of a drug.
You know he died with a 40 in his hand.
And still owing like six child support payments to his baby mama.
You know, he probably was dead like about 30 minutes before he actually fell to the floor.
You know, it's just the cracking that was keeping him going.
Can I get to my song, please?
Comment, DarkCycla?
I just can't...
Don't feel very mournful over someone who didn't take responsibility for his children, so...
I'm not the biggest fan either, but...
have a forty-ounce tip in his honor so we had to uh...
do something here in a bad idea
anyway
moving on uh... my pick
probably a controversial one but i don't care because it's a top forty songs that
i'm putting in tonight
and usually we don't put in top forty songs but i swear to god
this song is so danceable and it's so eighties i love this song
it's so awesome
I'm just going to say it, it is Gwen Stefani, and the song is What You Waitin' For, hoe?
Alright, and here it is, enjoy, I think this song will be perfect for DDR, you be the judge.
number three, Gwen Stefani, What You Waiting For. Enjoy.
Yeah, I-I-I-I-I-I, I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I,
I'm like a kid who needs to fit a moving car.
Scary conversation, shit my eyes, can't find a break.
What if they say that you're a clobber?
And actually, I'm worried if I do it alone.
Who really cares, cause if you laugh you never know it could be great.
Take a chance, cause you might grow.
Ooh, oh, oh...
what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting for
what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting for
come on take it back, take it back, take it back, take it back
i want the chance to know it all
like your boots is that you're repeating yourself
you knew it all by yourself, while you're standing in one place
I'm going to floss, I'm going to carry you
You know you don't deserve your things from the zone
I know it's a mess, that's how a society all fits
We should let this show you're capable
And look at your watch now
You're still a super hot female
You bet your million dollar contract
And never waited for your heart attack
Oh, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting for?
I can't wait to go
Back into Japan
Give me lots of brand new fans
Osaka, Tokyo
Your hair is shook, good girl
Damn, you've got the wicked style
Look at your watch now
You're still a supermodel female
You've got your million-dollar contract And they're all waiting for your lunch at it
And what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting, what you waiting for?
Alright, that was song number three in tonight's cage match. Gwen Stefani, what you waiting
for? And I can tell you right now, we waiting for Jamie. Oh, here she comes. Jamie, I know
you were gone for part of that. What did you think? It's too happy. It's a happy, too happy
seven. Yeah, it's a happy shiny seven. Happy shiny seven. Alright, lanky seven. Or is it
I like that song a lot. I actually didn't hear that she was going solo until really recently and then all of a sudden here's her song and I was kind of like, eh, not a big surprise the sound style she took. It's kind of cliche, but it's still cool. I like it. Dancy. Good stuff.
Oscar, I want to know.
Oh, sorry. I'd say probably an 8.5.
5?
Let me go there.
Loki!
Um, well, there's two things that that song was lacking.
Number one, well actually one thing that I didn't like about it, it was top 40.
Number two, it did not have any English in it.
There's no English in that song.
The other two songs featured English.
That song had none.
Therefore, it gets a 6.
Blow-walk.
Um, I like it.
I think it's kind of doubled on the fact that I think the video for it was actually very cool and
ever since watching that video I too would like to
Find a way to express how a giraffe does sound
Because like in the before it does I haven't seen the video like she's trying to get inspiration
So she goes to like some clinic or whatever they give her a survey and one of the questions
She has to answer is in your best way possible describe write out what the sound of giraffe makes
But I think it's really a bounce. Definitely a pretty cool song. It's very reminiscent of like I would say probably mid 80's production of Debbie Harry.
So I can totally get with that and this is one of those times where I do have to give out double digits. A 10 for me.
Wow. I gotta say, you know what? That song just makes me want to shake my booty and spank yours.
Give it a 5.
I give it a 9 and a half.
uh...
explicit
well i don't really like the song, i like how Gwen Stefani went
to the direction
that had more of like an 80's
kind of background
but at the same time i don't know, maybe i'm not used to her music
for that type of direction
so i'd probably give it uh...
that's a pretty good song, so i'd give it an 8.5
might as well be because of the sky is about as big as it has, so I'm going to play 5 for you.
Alright, well good thing it's not up to these guys. It's up to you guys in the chat room.
Here's a recap and then you can vote. Here is song number one you can vote for tonight.
Zladd, electronic supersonic.
Rocket, you know need put money in my pocket.
The door is closed, I just lock it.
I put my gold plug in your socket.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is Ramstein with America.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Gwen Stefani, Whatchu Waitin' For?
Please vote now! Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your vote. Song number
1, song number 2, or song number 3! Loki, tell us what's going on in the sim scene this
week. Nada. Um, I think I mentioned last week, um, what was it? Release Candidate 2 of Step
Mania came out, and other than that, there's really only thing that's worth mentioning
is there's a contest, a theme contest that's going on. With all the themes that have been
made this year, they're trying to get DDR Maniac's theme of 2004. With, you know, many
in the running like, no, Technofeen, which is in the lead, and some other ones that are
on there, or, yeah, Technofeen. Anyways, Technolize, Technofeen, I can't remember what it's called.
Anyways, so yeah, those are worth checking out. I know Technolize is working on version 3.0, which is supposed to be, like, completely redone.
It's still nice looking. And then, other than that, really not too much going on right now.
I've been checking out this week, actually, BMS sim files. For those who don't know what those are, those are the homemade key-sounded BeatMania 2DX sim files
Sim files that are out there and I mean there's really still a lot of talented artists out there that you have working on these things
The ones I've been checking out though have been by Yama Jet, which is also featured in Food Mix and Food Mix Plus
There's some pretty cool stuff
I wanted to play on the show, but I can't because the volumes all fucked up on it
So I gotta go fix those
But there's one that was a remix of We Will Rock You called I Will Rock You and it was really cool
actually very cool they turned into a house the song which is pretty neat and
then I have a remix of the fall that's on there and there's also paranoia Delta
but that one's too much noise for the it's like too grungy so not worth
playing on the show but you can find those there's some files out there for
them also one that was pointed out and I found would be it was cigaru 180 which
was by this, the only Russian Bimani remixer that I've seen. It's actually pretty cool.
We might be able to play that later. But those are pretty much all that's really going on.
How long is it? It's only like a minute and fifty, right? Yeah, it's not that long. But
oh, the other thing I was going to mention that's working on, obviously being worked
on right now, is Dance of the Stage of Fusion's N-Files on DDRUK. Queue it up, let's hear
the, let's hear the Subaru remix, because I heard a little bit of it, and I actually
really liked it too. So let's let our listeners hear a little bit of it. Again, if you enjoy
Bomani remixes, then might I urge you to tune in to Diversion, the Orange Launch Radio Remix
Show, which airs every Monday night at 7 o'clock Pacific Standard Time on our station. Check
it out. And of course, this week will be the first question in that show for the Akira
Yomoka signed CD contest. If you're just joining us, check out our website, www.orangelaunchradio.com
for all the details. Okay, here it is. Loki's going to spin this for us. What's this remix
called again? It's Zagaru180 and the guy that remixed it, his name is Vospy. And he's got
his own site. I really have to search hard to find it. He's a member on DDRUK. He does
a lot of stuff with the Pump It Up scene over there, I guess. But, yeah, Zagaru180. It's
It's only about a little over two minutes.
So here we go.
And I check this out.
The
the
the
the
the
of
the
I'm out of practice and my hand cramps up pretty quick.
So, I must mean you're getting, you know, some action then, because you haven't been
taking care of yourself.
If your hand, you're not...
No, my wrist is fine, my hand, that's not...
He said his wrist is fine, it's his hand that's not.
Anyway...
I see.
Alright, let's get to the winner of tonight's cage match, shall we?
We took some votes while that song was on.
You guys ready to hear tonight's winner?
What do you guys think won?
I always poll.
I would say the third song, definitely won.
let's see if it was a shocker tonight. Tonight's winner was not a shocker. It was close, though.
The votes were very-
I'm singing up the worst piece of shit I can find next week.
Hey, sing the song. And I remind you, you just had a song retired. It's time to let
Jamie and I bounce some back and forth for a little while, so. All right. So there you
So, my song wins tonight and Jamie and Loki bring new songs to the table next week.
Alright, before we go to a break, and I know we want to get to the FUs of the evening probably
when we come back from the next break, but I wanted to give mention to this.
This is pretty big Bomani news we haven't gotten to yet.
Guitar Freaks and Drummania are getting a makeover.
Loki, you've probably read up more on this than I have.
What do you know about the new Guitar Freaks and Drummania?
All I know about it is it's V, and not the song, but it's V.
Guitar Freaks and Drummania V. V standing for Vest. That still doesn't make any sense though.
But, what the theme is going to be for this release is going to be gears and machinery.
So you're going to see some pretty kick-ass interfaces at least.
The revamping, I guess the results screen is supposed to be more 3D or something like that.
God knows what they're going to do with that.
The movies that are going to be playing during it, it's going to be something similar to 2DX,
where you're going to see full motion video and stuff like that.
That means a hardware upgrade.
it's going to be a hardware upgrade, yes. It's going to be just like 2DX 10 style in
red. It's going to be running off of a PC-like hardware system. Another thing that they were
saying that's supposed to be in there is about 230 songs starting, I think. And that's not
including, I think, the unlocks from, you know, obviously the EMEA stuff. Other than
that, really not much else other than they mentioned a few songs on, for test locations,
I know that we're on there and some licensed stuff.
One song that's being pointed out in our chat room specifically by Dark LionXVI says Miserylou,
which was the theme from Pulp Fiction.
Miserylou.
Oh, Miserylou.
I'm white, okay.
Miserylou.
No.
Is it?
No.
Read the letters.
Sound it out.
Miserylou.
No, there's nothing between the R and the L.
Ah, shut up.
God.
I don't care.
It's a theme from Pulp Fiction.
That's the bottom line.
We all know that song.
Dude, turn your phone off, dude.
I have to turn off your phone for this show.
Going Up by Colors
I just want to say it's awesome that there's a band called Pooh in Guitar Freaks and Drummania.
What song are you going to play? Pooh?
And as we were mentioning before, Miseraloo is Spaghetti Surfers,
Wild Challenger by Jindo, NGS by Asian Kung Fu Generation,
Nocturne number 9 sounds like, you know, number 9, but by some Japanese group here.
And the extra stage will be Heaven's Cocktail.
My big five.
And Heaven's Cocktail.
Do you get one of those cool little umbrella things with it too?
But anyways, so yeah, that's kind of what's going on.
Linked to the Konami test page or whatever on OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
So if you can read Japanese, you'll definitely get a kick out of this site.
Also...
Pictures!
Pictures are on the page!
Oh okay, cool.
I also can't remember if we linked to this or not, I don't, I actually don't think I
ran a story on it, I'm going to have to tomorrow.
I did pick wind though that Konami is doing another survey, remember how they did a big
They're putting their feelers out there for a 2d x7 style. Well this time the game they're taking surveys for
karaoke revolution bamani edition
There in Japan they are putting out the feelers right now for a karaoke revolution edition with all bamani songs in it
Wouldn't that be something else? It'd just be like watching a DDR third mix all over again. Seriously. That's basically what it is
More info on that to follow. We don't have to know a whole lot about that right now
Now all we know is that I think they were looking for three thousand which isn't a very
big number.
So it looks like that will probably happen, the Karaoke Revolution, Bomani edition.
And for some people it will finally be an excuse for them to play.
And maybe those kids that were trying to get Murmur Twins in Karaoke Revolution will finally
get their way.
Which would be very interesting, I think, if Murmur Twins made it in there.
I'll have to see.
need to put this in here. Um, what was that, uh, uh, Naha and, uh, Gachukun. That'd be
great. Um, yeah, so, there's not too much going on. We're still waiting to hear more
about Dancing Stage Fusion, the arcade mix, because that's going to be the huge news to
come out. Because, you know, if Europe's doing it, then, well, guess what, the hardware's
All they have to do is make the game. Or another game for another region.
I'm surprised that we're not seeing a new arcade mix for Japan.
It's not that hard to make it once the hardware is done or whatever.
So it'll be interesting. At least maybe we'll see some arcades import that over here.
Because they'll get desperate and not wanting to wait any longer.
So, yeah.
Yeah, DDR Extreme Plus, or the so-called NICS that they claim is new, is actually on CCL,
Country Cub Lanes.
Interesting.
Our local bowling alley, where DDR was born here in Sacramento.
Very interesting.
I kind of want to check that out.
You know what's very cool about Country Club Lanes here in Sacramento, our bowling alley
where DDR was born here in this area?
It's 24 hours, which makes it very cool for DDR, since it's open 24 hours.
Yeah, but there are still those nights you have to pay the cover charge to get in.
That's very true.
That's very true.
And that sucks.
I remember, I mean, back in the day, you used to hang out, like, till midnight and go play
DDR till 3 in the morning.
I remember the days of glow bowling.
I remember the days where we would go...
seriously need to go global and remember back in the day right when Rocky Horror
first died and the sacramentals were coming together you and me and melody
all went yes I do remember that like quite and we were like tired I remember
going and we go and then we played DDR and that was back when they still had I
think 1.5 makes I see I seem to recall that that I remember being assaulted on
the 1.5 machine yeah oh it's fun good time I think when we went it was
actually up to a fifth mix at the time yeah yeah that that junk guy came and
tried to take a swing at me while I was playing oh I remember that and I posted
it had to have been a page and a half in word and posted it on DDR freak and they
got so much bad press from it and I talked to the manager the next that was
awesome yeah and they had security guards there afterwards you better have
your best face on when Jamie comes down which comes to your arcade I believe in
good service, thank you. Good memories there. Any location that has 24 hour DDR is fun.
Any place now is completely at my mercy now that I've got my business law book. Because
now I could have sued them for not providing, for not fulfilling their duty of utmost care.
Don't mess with her, she got a law book now. Damn. So very interesting though, going back
to the fact that Dancing Stage Fusion is going to be having a brand new cabinet coming out
could be a very good sign for DDR, could be just a red herring, who knows?
Well, you never know.
I mean, also, you've got to think of it like this.
When they did DDR Extreme, they even mentioned as much like in concert, I believe, they said
they had to take a break from DDR because, you know, for whatever reason, and it was
at the point where they had created the DDR mix like once a year, practically, and sometimes
you just got to...
Yeah, it was like...
I think we got like fourth and fifth mix in the same year.
Oh yeah, you had 4th, and then you had 4th Plus come out, and then 5th was shortly thereafter.
Yeah, it was like 4th, 4th Plus, and then like 5th and Max came out in the same year, I think.
Yeah, so I think it was, you know, long overdue, at least just for a little time off.
So it wouldn't surprise me the least bit to see a new DDR come out.
I mean, you know, that's just how it works.
I mean, it's probably a good thing they took a break.
I mean, I'd like to see them take that break, you know, from almost every series, you know, once in a while.
Because you're looking, I think, seeing how 2DX and Guitar Freaks and Drummania have been
cranking out babies and all that kind of stuff.
I think it's a good thing that Guitar Freaks and Drummania is getting an overhaul, though.
Because honestly, it was getting to a point when they got, like, what are they on, like
11th mix now?
I just...
Yeah, it's been the same damn game since 5th mix, just with different songs.
It's kind of got to the point where it's like, oh, Guitar Freaks is getting a new mix, must
be Monday.
You know, it's like...
Seriously, it's kind of getting to the point where it's getting a little stale, so I'm
I'm kind of glad to see they're giving that series a swift kick in the butt, and 2DX getting
a swift kick in the butt.
I hope that, logically, DDR is going to be the next series now that's getting a swift
kick in the butt, and is getting overhauled.
But what I wanted to say, now, Dancy Stage Fusion, that is Europe's version of Ultra
Mix, right?
Correct.
Does this mean that DDR Hawaii could be involved?
DDR1?
DDR Hawaii.
Oh, DDR Hawaii?
Or KTH.
Well, usually...
Sorry.
Usually, I'm not sure about arcade mixes because as far as, I mean, as far as like say home
console versions, like Kset I believe does, like there's actually the AM division is different
than the console division.
So I mean, as far as like programming, all that kind of stuff, Hawaii doesn't really
have that much say I don't think as far as arcade releases, as far as like home version,
of course they got the lockdown on that.
Interesting.
Well, it will be interesting to see what happens, because a lot of people, just with the developments
with UltraMix II and the license, they said, you know, I've heard people say this, if DDR
comes out again in the USA, Hawaii needs to be involved.
Hawaii definitely needs to be involved, which is amazing considering that UltraMix II hasn't
even come out yet.
But, we'll see.
Yeah, it's, I mean, there's a lot of things going into UltraMix II that are different.
You know, obviously, you know, some people give, you know, Hawaii credit for, of course,
going kind of a slightly different direction.
Some people can point out to the fact that this time they got even more DDR knowledgeable people to QA and not only that, work on step data.
So this is very much like fans having even more, or like players having more of a say into what goes into a game.
If that's the direction how DDR as far as the Ultramix franchise is concerned, then it's definitely going to have its own identity very shortly.
People will see that as soon as they get it.
Very good. Alright. I guess what we're going to do now, I think now is a good time to take
a break, and when we come back we're going to get into the FUs of the week. So if you
want to send some FUs in over private message to Sky in the chat room, we will make sure
we get those read on air for you. We're going to continue to play some full-length versions
that we found on the internet of brand new UltraMix 2 songs, and this one should take
you back. This is one I did not recognize until I actually listened to it. I did not
recognize it by the name, but then when I started listening to it, I'm like, oh my god,
song this is don't stop by the freestylers enjoy this is going to be an
in UltraMix 2. Enjoy. We'll be back. Orange Lounge Radio.
Look, you are gonna want me, that's who you want me, it might be a different show of
It might be a different story
You, you probably wanna go
Up where you wanna go
It might be a different story
You, you probably wanna go
Up where you wanna go
go the fuck, get down go the fuck, get down
go the dam was on that rock
go the fuck, get down
go the get down
go the dam was on that rock
go the fuck, get down
go the get down
go the dam was on that rock
go the fuck, get down
go the get down
go the dam was on that rock
go the fuck, get down
go the get down
go the dam was on that rock
go the fuck, get down
go the get down
go the dam was on that rock
go the fuck, get down
Keep your body, keep your body, keep your body away now
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening.
Of course, you can hear us every Sunday night at 630 Pacific Standard Time here on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And just announced tonight, now we're going to be syndicated every Friday night over on
DDR Freak Radio at 6 o'clock.
Very cool, and of course, lots and lots of spinoff shows on Orange Lounge Radio for your
Listening Pleasure, Monday Night Diversion, The Bhavani Remix Show, Tuesday Night Pump
Up the Volume, Randomness with Dark Sakhara, Requests, Your Requests, and what else?
The Occasional Marathon.
The Occasional Marathon.
I do marathon stuff.
That's right.
Didn't you marathon Eddie Izzard the other day?
Last week I did the Shambad Sings again.
Oh yes.
I actually tuned in for part of that.
I heard some of that.
It was pretty good.
Other stuff.
Good stuff.
We're going to be now, not going to be the Orange Lounge Radio Rewind anymore since those
are moving over to The Freak.
It's going to be the classic, moldy episodes, freshly fermented for your listening pleasure,
year old episodes of Orange Lounge Radio.
And Thursday nights on this station, outside the box, my program dedicated to all that
other random video game stuff.
So definitely check it out if you haven't yet.
Now we must get to one of those Orange Lounge Radio Live staples, that thing we have to
do every week where we get out that angst, and for those of you guys that are new to
this program, I know there might be some of you guys that are listening to this on DER
Free Radio for the first time, those of you guys that are new to the program are going
to hear this every week, the FUs of the week, and Jamie, why is it that we have to do these
FUs of the week every single week?
Because we're not going to take it anymore.
The first SU goes to my allergies for flaring up, the second goes to Ben and Joel for making
me sleepy.
Also, for some reason my jaw hurts, like the joints in my jaw, yeah I've got all this
that is pressure in my head. That means that I'm likely going to bed early.
I don't drink carefully, nor do I have any at the house.
I have prescription drugs that are doing shit.
Um, but I'm probably going to be going to sleep early tonight.
Um, a big F-you
toward having to work on this ethics project.
p0k3smot42o
for being in a big feeding frenzy so that I'd trip over her while wearing clocks in the kitchen
last Sunday
and just, in general, just massive FUs to just about everything
I think that will cover everything
Alright, Loki, your turn
Oh my god, you know, as if I don't complain about them enough
Yay! You did it again, Comcast! You just find a way to fuck everything up again!
Way to go, G4!
Because you know what? There wasn't quite enough crap on there yet, so you had to get rid of the, like, good stuff.
You know, the fit more crap in there.
I'm sorry for all those people that used to be part of TechTV that got sucked into G4 and then fired.
Because you're talented.
Well, you know what? They don't want to make G4 look bad, so guess what?
Bye bye, bye bye screensavers, bye bye unscrewed, yeah screensavers will still be there but
it ain't screensavers anymore.
And you know what, I'm, and know what sucks too is I heard that the people, actually some
of the good shows on G4 like Cheat and stuff, oh those guys got fired too!
So guess what?
You know, the hell with all the good stuff on G4, I will not be watching G4 anymore unless
to catch the last episode of Unscrewed if they ever air it, that'll be the only time
and the last time I watch G4.
So fuck you guys, cause you just fucked everything up, you took the only station I actually liked
that felt like a station for me, and you just took a giant crap on it, so you know what?
Fuck you guys, and when I see you at E3, I'm fucking taking you down, social unrest, that's
what it will be, so anyway, so fuck them.
Thank you Loki for destroying any possible opportunity we ever had of taking Orange Lounge
TV on the air, thank you.
listen listen I'm not gonna want to be associated with anything on that station
because that you know it just does not have enough halo in that show so no
anyway so fuck them and fuck my headache because it sucks but it's starting to go
away so that's kind of good fuck Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and more
specifically the woozy mo mission I can't fucking beat it it's annoying why
Why does anyone, okay, why do street racers, Japanese street racers come to town to have
an off-road street race?
I'm sorry, but, you know, people that drive, you know, those racers don't drive off-road,
okay?
The racers were not made for off-road, so why do they have a race that goes off-road?
That sucks.
And um, finally, fuck you getting the G4 because you suck.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I just want to give a special message to Comcast, you know what, despite what Loki says, I will
still sell out faster than Divine Brown, okay? I just want you to know, and I have this great
concept, I have this wonderful concept for a gay gaming show, we could call it gamers,
about it. Think about it. You want me, you know you do. I would take Jamie with me. Loki
gets left behind, though, after that remark. Does that mean that you have to have the hag
co-host? Yes, you would be my official fag-hag co-host. Cool. All right. And Loki can polish
my shoes for all I care. All right. Anyway, on to my FUs, my actual FUs. You could be
the angry hetero guy in the corner. Yeah. My FUs go to being sick, because I've been
very sick all weekend and it sucks because remember I was sitting here last week and
I took a poll how many people were sick and half the people were sick and I said gee the
rest of us feel like we just got a death sentence like we're waiting to get sick sure enough
I got sick it wasn't quite as bad like I think the strain kind of got weaker as it went along
so I can't bitch too much but being sick still sucks I just want to get that out there but
what I really want to say on FU too is F you to those guys on Halo 2 oh my god I got invited
into this match on Xbox Live one of my friends somebody on my friends list on
Xbox you know how like the people on your friends list you sometimes don't
know him that well well I had one of these guys then he invited me into his
game and he had like all these experts in there and I guess they were having
tryouts for their clan and for some reason they wanted me to try out for
their clan well like we were playing one of those team games it was king of the
hill and I never played that version before so I didn't know what I was doing
and my teammates were yelling at me and they were like
DON'T YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING?
COME ON GREEN SKY WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?
WHAT IS THIS?
And I'm just like, I wanted to cry
I was just like, they're yelling at me and they're being mean to me
I don't know what I'm doing, fuck your clan
Rob
You guys are the Clu Clucks clan right now, that's who you guys are
Rob
What?
You need to join the clan that Dan's in, the fuckers
Okay, I'll join that
Are they gonna yell at me if I screw up?
Probably not, probably half of them will be drunk
After that match, Flair O'Nai, one of our listeners, invited me into one of his matches, and I blew him up a bunch with a rocket, and that made me feel better.
So thank you, Flair O'Nai, for letting me take my aggressions out on you.
That's it. F you to assholes on Halo 2, and F you to people on Xbox Live that when you sign on to the game, they go,
MEGA MEGA MEGA MEGA MEGA MEGA MEGA MEGA, because they think it makes them look cool.
FYI, it doesn't. Grow up. Thank you.
Moving on, let's see what our other guests in the studio have to say, starting with Float
Walk.
Oh, sorry, we can't hear you, turn on the mic.
There you go.
Damn, I have no idea.
There you go.
Sorry about that.
Okay.
Well, it's a pretty tame week of FUs for me, although probably the one right now I'm thinking
more than anything is. F you to, uh, Konami Digital Entertainment America QA department.
Uh, thanks for laying me off a lot earlier before the game even passed, you know. I mean,
I'll probably get help for even saying it, but there's some things you don't do. You
don't spit in the wind, you don't tug on Superman's cape, and you don't break up a team before
the game goes gold. I'll leave it at that, and I think, uh, Mr. Miklotov can totally
get me off I can't back me up on that one so uh yes I'll leave it very short
like that before I really go off well I think we'll just move right along to
explicit one of the biggest F you hate six inches from mouth all right try
again okay okay yes much better all right I'd like to say a big F you to
some old guy who rear-ended my fucking car! Oh wow! You rear-ended my car!
What the hell? Jamie's trying to nap, so you gotta turn it
down a notch, that's alright. I'm sorry for being so loud, but I was very
pissed off with the old fart who rear-ended my car and it was this far from moving back.
I moved out first, so it gets me priority to go first, and the fact that you just went
like around 20 miles an hour backing up, just cuz you drive an SUV does not mean shit.
There was no scratches in your car, yet you left a big ass dent in my Toyota Corolla 2004S
server, now it looks all ugly as hell and I have to pay 200 bucks.
Now I have to pay 200 bucks off my own money just to get that shit fixed.
And just because you said, oh, I'm sorry, and run away like it's a hit and run with
a bunch of cops around doesn't mean I'm going to let you go saying, I forgive you just because
you built my car.
Well, guess what?
I'm on your ass whenever I see you.
Okay, enough with the FUs with the car because I'll pay that shit up in a few minutes.
few weeks and stuff
okay another f he goes to people playing Halo 2 multiplayer
no certain people, certain people
alright
just cause you're touching my balls doesn't mean i'm distracted
why wait i didn't realize this was a feature in Halo 2
wait a minute wait a minute
yeah we see people try to cheat in Halo 2
So you know what people do in Halo 2?
Like, if you have four people around, like, what?
Sorry, I...
Okay, no. Sorry, sorry, we're doing something else over here. It's a funny, funny picture on a website.
Ooh, it's interesting.
So yeah, F you to people who are trying to cheat in Halo 2.
Yeah, punching people in the face.
Just try to win a game. It's just a damn game, yo. If you're getting your ass kicked,
just take the heat.
There's no need to
touch people, just touch people, touch people on the balls
for a sub-sexual desire that you guys have
and no, I'm not like that, so
if it was a female, that'd be cool
okay
well, speaking of females
I'd like to say another F you to this one stripper who fucking knee-dropped my...
yeah, she, yeah
during Gold Clubs 34, I paid twenty bucks for a few lap dances
It was this kind of 2 by the way, so I guess...
It was a cool rap dance and all, but the fact that she acted like a knee drop, like, oops!
I like tuned out for a second, what the hell?
This is what you get when we're looking at funny pictures of Sephiroth killing Aerith.
But they have, they have, we're gonna put it up on the TV so you guys can see it.
I just posted in the chatroom. Somebody made a signature on the G4 TechTV form. It's Sephiroth, and he has a G4 logo where his face should be, and there's an heiress with a TechTV logo where her face should be, and it's the scene where Sephiroth is about to kill her.
Yeah, I think the only thing about the stripper needing you in the, like, gonads for the lapdance, I think she noticed that, you know, if you try to get lapdances on a discount, she's gonna be a little miffed too, man.
Alright. Well, I could've been the mess from the situation.
Alright, it's a three-hour show. Can I move on now?
Maybe she was looking, man.
Well, it's a fact that she has a male name. Her name's Bradley.
holding anyway can move on to the month
well who were put out by a real
chair of that you've got
presented by you guys which i remember debbie debbie debbie dot uh... orange
laundry a compliment that
the entire it says
after you to school not enough time in the day and not having a car license in
life going a little too fast for me i don't want to grow up
he has held out the i said
i heart him
uh... i thought
i thought that i was too far
I know, you're trying to suck up to me because you want to pass it to E3 next year. Don't worry, I got you covered like a Jimmy hat.
Fucking fanboys.
Just kidding.
Actually, if Mel can get me into E3 again, I'll be all up on him, just like the fanboy.
Not like, up on him.
But, you know.
I know.
Kind of like when you call me a brother.
You know, not the way, like, we mean in a biological sense, but the way black people talk to each other.
Anyway, DarklionXVI says,
F you to annoying tourists who keep on bugging players just for them to look stupid.
Last night at the Adventure Dome, I had to move a black guy off the Player 2 DR pad
because he was distracting a friend of mine while playing The Legend of Max this extra stage.
F you to myself for going to a debut party last week, ending up doing nothing at all.
Legend of Zaku says, F you to my little brother for running up almost $30 in overages at the
wireless bill this month. F you to Leisure Time bowling alley and Port Authority bus
terminal in New York City for being assholes by trashing there in the groove for a second
extreme machine.
Yay, score one for the good guys.
Dark Tetsuya says, F you to, surprise surprise, Comcast for taking a giant crap on G4TechTV.
DD Archaholic says, F you to people who think that there are hot guys in video games.
I may not play a lot of video games myself, but I'm pretty sure there are no hot guys
in them.
Big ol' sweaty rowdy rowdy Piper is not a hot guy.
He does not make me moist with his chest pounding, nor does his ugly Cro-Magnon man head or his
butt crack, which is pinched shut due to the vice grip power of his gluteus maxi, make
my nipples hard.
Antonio Banderas is a hot hot guy.
He is not in video games, no monsieur.
And F you if you think that complaining about the lack of hot guys in the media is a sad
pursuit because your continuous excitement of bouncing boobies is itself a sad pursuit.
So there.
Suck my titty.
Hallo.
Wow.
Iguana Girl says, a lovely F you to idiots who think they can talk their way out of warning
points for flame bait.
They're coming to get you.
Failed.
Dark Knight has one FU tonight and that's to torment I'm going to be facing at work
here from on out.
Note, I work at for a retail store, need I say more?
So, he works at a retail store therefore this is not going to be a happy fun time of year
for him.
Q says F you to Halo 2 for making it almost impossible to get an Xbox and
Misty says fuck me for sleeping until 6 central and having to get to work at 5
I doubt I'll be getting any sleep tonight that's it for our chat room F
use whoo all right very colorful F use from all you guys thank you all right
all right we're gonna do now is we're gonna go to break in this break we're
going to hear another brand new long version of an UltraMix 2 song. I think this time we're
going to do a group that's already been announced actually. You already kind of knew they were
in UltraMix 2 with a song called C Squared because it was on the V-rare. They have another
song in DDR UltraMix as well that was announced on the website and it's called Mellow and
the group is Alien number 613. For whatever it's worth, whatever. Oh man, all I can say
And yeah, again, Miklotov can get me back on this one.
What a pain this was to work on.
Oh shit, I missed an FU. Oh man.
And I see here Miklotov, it's his FU, he's pissed at me.
See, ain't I handy.
Hold on, hold on.
Let me get the FU music again.
You feel all special.
Miklotov says FU to Halo 2 for not saving my damn progress.
Now I have to play this fucking level again.
Who on you Halo 2?
too. F you to people who don't realize Drawn Together is one of the hottest shows ever.
It sounds like a horrible idea for a show, and it is, but it's the best thing on Comedy
Central since Strangers with Candy. I love you, Xander.
Alright, sorry Mikotov, I just, your window for some reason didn't show up as red, because
you were sending the other messages earlier, that's why.
Anyway, let's get to the break, alright, as I promised, alien number 613 in the song is
called Mellow. Enjoy.
Oh
Oh
Hello? Hello, is this thing on testing? Testing one, two?
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions. Is this on?
What the hell? Orange Lounge Radio. Broke down ghetto bimani
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. We're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge. We're
going to wind down this episode with some Ask Orange Lounge. So please, send in your
questions over private message to Sky and let me put that in the chat room too so that
they can do that. There you go. And also, we'll open up the Skype line for you guys
if you have anything you want to comment on over the Skype line because I know we haven't
gotten to talk to all you guys yet tonight. Again, if you want more information on the
the skifline, visit www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on interact with us. Yes, Loki?
I would like to take this moment to talk about the wonderful show called Drawn Together.
I watched today the first two episodes twice, and I have to say it's the fucking, it is
on par, if not better, than the Family Guy, and that was way up there. Okay, hold on,
We're getting a call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hi. Hello.
Turn down the speaker volume in your house.
Hi, we can barely hear you, but we can hear ourselves echoing. Turn down your
in-studio volume there.
The first rule of radio.
Turn down your WIN app or whatever. Turn down your external volume.
Hello.
Hi, who's this?
This is MPQ. Hi, MPQ. What's on your mind?
I was wondering if you could get, uh, Pop Music 5 into rotation, because, um, well I like the music in Pop Music 5.
Um, Pop Music 5 music, certainly, I thought we already had a couple songs in there in rotation. What, any songs in-
I didn't hear any.
Any songs in particular you're looking for?
I'm not sure the exact, exact titles, I think Tempura Brothers, uh, Susiliana, they're Japanese titles that, that, it's in there somewhere.
You know what I'll do? I will have our resident Poppin' Music whore, Navi, take a look at the soundtrack and tell me what I need to add, and we'll put some tracks and rotation just for you, my friend.
Thanks. That's cool.
No problem. Anything else you want to comment on?
Not really.
Are you liking the Bimani Music and More program otherwise?
Yeah, I like Bimani Music.
Good. Good to hear. All right, well, bud, thanks for calling.
All right.
Have a good one.
Have a good one.
Shit.
Well that's one way to get your way, to call one of the hosts mid-show and demand it.
No, but popping music is a little bit under-represented, I'll give it that.
We don't have enough tracks.
So I will go talk to the resident popping music horror and see what needs to be added
from the old ones.
Shit, if you want to talk about a game that hasn't changed since day one, popping music?
Holy crap!
Why is that game so popular?
That's what I want to know.
Ah, buttons!
I hit the buttons!
Fun!
Japanese?
JAPANESE MUSIC, COOL!
I mean, it's just...
No, that game does not appeal to me at all. It's like...
It's like 2DX for retards, I mean...
It's just the big buttons. But, you know, hey, I guess there's a demographic out there for, you know,
retarded 2DX players, so...
Hey, if you want to play... It's like playing 2DX with boxing gloves, you know? If you want to do that,
so be it. I mean, it's cool. It's cool because it gets crazy and stuff, but, you know,
they just really haven't changed anything with that game. They have not changed much.
But here I am, the uninformed pop music person, because I don't play pop music, and I tried playing pop music, and it just did not appeal to me, but for some reason I'm still putting pop music in my cabinet, so I'll give it another go later.
Yeah, you take the good, you take the bad.
Yeah, whatever. Anyway.
You take them both, and there you have the facts of the life, the facts of the life.
Whatever happened to that Simphile contest we were gonna do like a while back on the show?
Remember we were gonna have the Orange Lounge Radio response to Simphile contest and we were gonna have the all TV show Simphile theme
Yeah, I know
They can do tournaments shit
I mean we could give away we could give away sign to Kiryamoka CDs for God's sakes people would enter for that
DVDs in my room. I know seriously we didn't have more contests
I still have like 30 Max2 viewers at my place if anyone wants them.
Let's just start giving away like candy, hey.
Dude, that's like all we do at like DDR sponsored tournaments.
There you go. Alright.
Alright, let's get into a favorite segment here on this program which we haven't done in quite some time.
sticking with us for a walk? Yeah, what the hell, I'll stay here till the end. All right,
that's a real trooper there. Yeah, you know, hell, sleep's overrated I guess. Yeah, that's
right. All right, here we go. That's only 15 more minutes. Let's ask Orange Lounge some
stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio? Since it's been
few weeks since we've had a segment I expect there to be lots of questions or
else all right here's a real winner this questions from legend of Zaku I love
this question this is what this is why I missed the ask orange lounge segment
because remember you can ask us about the money you can ask us about whatever
the hell you want and this definitely falls into the latter legend of Zaku
says being a person of Hispanic descent how come white girls like and have a
thing for Hispanic guys dude ask Eddie Guerrero from the WWE it's all about
Latino he just burst into the room one for whatever from where this is all of
us do hey man you want to see my Aztec warrior got a love next Friday hi papi
that has to be one of those retarded questions I've ever heard in my life
so generalized I personally maybe in his neck of the woods but in general I'm
I'm sorry, no offense. I've dated a few Hispanic guys, but most in general, I've not had very
good experiences with. I have a lot of friends. I've dated a few guys, but in general, I haven't
had a very good experience in a romantic relationship with Hispanic men.
I dated a Hispanic guy once. It was a nice date. Son of a bitch never called me back,
but it was a nice date.
i think probably the fact that i have a hispanic last name you know
i could be a hard drive
by two wonder why all the white chicks dig me too
uh...
i can't i can't answer this question without going like a racist
uh... let's move on to the second question that
uh... let's see jazz
well this is a good question have any of you guys play technic beat
and if so what do you think of it this is a brand new game that came out from i
believe namco
did it and it's another one of their bargain basement games like i'd like to
buy she had heard a lot of great things about it but i think i had a more to pay
i've seen pictures
well i haven't read it i've seen pictures of what's interesting but i
haven't waited i've heard very very good things about it and i like well of
reports of something i like it's on my to-do list because it it is you know we
want to cut all the time i think you were you the alien that noise people
sound of the uh...
uh... below the uh... under the skin
under the skin.
But that has nothing to do with Technic Beat.
I know.
Quick change to the subject.
Alright.
But yeah, Technic Beat, I'm looking forward to it.
I've heard a lot of great things about it, unfortunately, I have not had a chance to
play it yet.
I haven't seen it anywhere, strangely enough.
I didn't even realize it was out until I went onto a website.
I was looking for under the skin the last time I was at the mall.
Nothing.
Alright.
Technic Beat, we will check it out as soon as we can.
Don't we still need to get Karaoke Revolution 3?
Yes we do.
Thank you for reminding me.
I'm hoping I want to I want to invite a guana girl back on the show so we can do our duet to love shack
Live on air on revolution 3. I hope she'll be down for it. So
And then we're gonna make you angry
So very ronery
All right
Dd. Archaholic says when you guys are not playing the money games. What other toys do you like?
Mike, mine come from a store called Goldies which is located on 16th, nevermind, I'm kidding.
I don't know, I don't have any toys in the living room that might be displaying video or anything like that.
I have my computer.
I have my computer, my turntables, my cabinet, my game systems, my portal to hell device.
I don't need toys, I have a man I can climb all over.
kostjamrh And that has been a journey into the TMI Zone.
And of course Yu-Gi-Oh cards, which I toss around nowadays, and that's really about it.
I'm kind of out going to toy things.
Except I still play with bobbleheads.
Do you miss Kyle Snyder as a worthy opponent at Yu-Gi-Oh?
Oh my God, totally. Where else would you get a totally great duel, along with color commentary on the side?
I mean, it's straight up walking into the cartoon, and if you are not playing Yu-Gi-Oh, you are in the mini production of a movie.
p0k3smot42o
right now. He didn't die or anything. He's just on a mission right now.
I don't have anything. I already talked about my toys.
We have another question for Ask Orange Lounge from Chance. And Chance is asking, when are
you going to update the chat server info on the website? Zing! I didn't know it was wrong.
I actually did not know it was wrong. I will look into that. Thank you for bringing that
to my attention. Yikes! I thought it worked just fine. I'm still the one using the Java
chat. Maybe you know what it is? I think it's because one of the other side IRC things went
down. I will look into that. My bad. And Jazz, okay, his second question to us is, why are
boobs? That's the question. Why are boobs spelled B-E-W-B-S. Boobs. B-E-U-B-S. B-E-U-B-S.
Why are boobs? Why not? Lovely. Cause if milk came out their ass that'd be weird. They're
make the world go round. I mean think about it, when you were a kid and you were crying,
what did mom do? She shoved one of them in your mouth. Women out there, just understand,
if you ever want to make us shove one in our mouth, man.
Wow, okay.
Women.
What, what, what Jamie?
Tasty.
I'm changing the subject.
This is the next...
No you.
I don't want to go with this question because I don't know if I want to bring up politics
on this program.
If you want to argue politics, go to random chat on DDRFreak.
There's tons of politics threads there.
Who did you vote for on election day?
Ask the question to Zaku.
I think the answer was a few weeks ago.
I know.
Honestly, if you listen to the show enough, you know.
You know that Jamie voted for Bill the Cat.
You know that I voted for Terry.
You know that...
All the candidates were pieces of flaming shit, so...
And not flaming in the goo-way.
I mean flaming as in, on fire so they're extra stinky.
So, you know, if I voted, it'd probably have been like I would have voted for Kerry, but
the election machine would have seen that I was actually intoxicated or out of my mind
it would have voted Bush for me, so.
Now, let me take a poll here.
Who did vote on election day?
No matter who you voted for, you did vote.
I didn't.
It looks like me and Triple Explicit did.
Everybody here but Loki went and voted on election day, so that's something.
I mean, usually on a typical election year, there wouldn't be this many people voting,
So I think that says enough right there, at least everybody voted, well, a lot more people
than usual voted, which is good.
My take on voting has always been, if you're gonna complain about stuff, at least be proactive
one way or another.
It doesn't matter how you vote, as long as you do it, hey, you have a say.
That's why sometimes people say, oh yeah man, I hate what's going on, all this kind of stuff,
but I'm not gonna vote.
But how the fuck are you gonna change things?
I don't care how you vote, not everyone's gonna see eye to eye.
If you think the government should always be one certain party or the other, you're
no different than Osama.
If you think the government should be run one way only, then that's not a cool thing.
I think you've got to mix it up once in a while, and that's why we have different parties.
I know Jamie goes off about there's more than two parties.
I think what people aren't getting is you can't make change from the top down.
You've got to start from the bottom up.
If an independent party can't win a senator job sometimes, how the hell is it going to
be president. You know, it's just, I don't say it can't happen or shouldn't happen, but
I think they've just got to aim a little smaller first before they, you know, go for the big
prize.
I still am for disabling the electoral college, and getting rid of the party system altogether.
I am all for, and you might hear me complain about this later, I am all for disabling electronic
voting. Paperless voting is very bad, I think, yes, I totally agree with that.
Wait, it's Ask Orange Lounge. We got on electronic voting.
Electronic voting offers more of a chance that the vote is either not going to be counted, altered.
It has a lot more inconsistency. That's why voting, I did a write-in absentee.
Even though at the polls they had the floating hanging chad problem this year, just like they did back last election.
Why?
Well I think the way they need to do it is, honestly I love the way they do it in Sacramento County.
You have a mix of electronic and paper. You fill in the bubble and then you scan it.
And that way you scan it and if there's a dispute with the way they're scanned you have a paper trail.
I think it's a perfect way to do it, personally.
Oh, okay. I thought you meant like... Okay, never mind.
Scantron!
Yeah, I'm totally fine with Scantron voting. I just do not like electronic voting with no paper trail.
And for all those kids out there, you know it's really fun to do a Scantron test.
there's this little bubble in the top of the test marquee. And if you scan that in, guess
what? You're the answers. It really fucks up all the tests. Anyway, off the politics
subject, but I want to wrap up the last few questions here so we can close this segment.
Dark Knight has a weird one here. This might be a sad question, but this is all I have.
which trading card game slash cartoon crossover is the worst
that if you've seen any of them if you don't answer don't
all of them
all of them
not all of all of them so slowly all of them
i don't know kind of hard to say i mean
everyone i mean
by person not even a big a fan of pokemon really but
i think it's funny because not me it's kind of cool but i mean if i had to pick
one but
funny thing cuz i think of my cartoons and crossovers into t c g's
I heard a rumor from, like, Upper Deck, who does, like, the Marvel vs. series, like, soon
they're supposed to be releasing one with, like, the Justice League, so you could have,
like, Superman, Batman, the Wonder Twins, and all that stuff, versus, like, Brainiac,
Mitzel Plink, and all that.
I mean, would that not be just the coolest idea ever?
That would be a cool video game.
Card game, no.
Eh.
Is Aquaman in there?
Of course, man.
An Aquaman ain't gonna drown in no tub.
Alright, alright, one more, Duel Masters is pretty ass.
more question here then we got to wrap it up last question from oh last
question from dark Tetsuya he sent me a song to put in cage match this week and
he says you didn't use my song did this because I put it in the wrong format no
it's just because I really want to put that other song you know your song is in
my queue it'll come up eventually don't worry so no worries if you have
suggestions you can always send us an email one of the hosts an email and we'll
get your song in cage match if we like it and I do like his pick so I'll get in
Nobody except Spammer sends me an email.
Roadwalk, your final thought. Thanks for being here again, by the way, bud.
Uh, not a problem. Um, I just want to say, go out there, support Ultramix, too, and, uh, support, uh, Orange Lounge,
support, uh, all of Bemani, because, hey, man, you guys are like a Wonderbra, you are the wind beneath our wings,
you are all that, and, uh, bucket of wings, and, et cetera, et cetera, and I shall cut myself off.
Coca-Cola, Wonderbra.
Uh, explicit, your final thought.
Not to purchase WWX, rumble roses. Heh heh.
Yeah, yeah!
Uh, Low G. Low G, your final thoughts?
My headache's gone, that makes me happy.
Uh, my final thought is, um...
Hi. That's it, I have nothing else to say.
Uh, Jamie, your final thoughts?
I have to drive home in a freakin' Benadryl coma.
Damn nation.
I have to drive through the boring part of Vadie to get home.
And Mel has love for DDR Freak, I hear ya Jess, don't worry, it wasn't intentional.
And I have to drive with a broken car.
Yeah, so we've given DDR Freak tons of plugs tonight, you know, well, of course, the whole indication thing helps, but...
Yeah, it's cool.
I mean, it's, you know, pretty dope. We're starting to come together as one big Bamani bunch.
It's fucking Katamari, that's what it is.
Yeah, you know what, this DDR thing is going to die soon anyway, so we better all be prepared
to be Katamari Damacy Radio and Katamari Damacy Freak and Katamari Spot.
No, we're all getting like Katamari together, man.
You see, we built it up big enough to take DDR Freak, which is like the biggest of all
of us.
See, you started with Orange Lounge, then you rolled up DDR, and now you're going to
roll them up.
Yeah, seriously, seriously.
Orange Lounge has to roll up like all the other little Bomani sites before it can really
take on Freak, okay?
No, I'm kidding.
To answer in the chat room, as I am feeling very, very ill right now, I may or may not be online when I get home, I'm probably going to go right to bed, but we'll see.
It's all about Orange Lounge Town, in the brand new, coming to the DS.
Home!
Animal Crossing.
Bingo!
That's right, our free DS is going to be at my house soon.
I want a free DS. What the hell? What is with you people and your hookups?
To manage a GameStop.
You're free DS.
That's okay.
You're free Konami.
I'll feel good to have known that I earned my DS out of two days of hard work.
Way to put down everybody on Lanky Style. All right.
I think Dan earned his by having managed a GameStop for us on the show.
All right. All right. Final word of the show. Lanky Style, I'm going to give you tonight's final word, Mr. Lanky Style.
Mr. Lanky's got one word to sum it all up, one word to sum it all up, M-G-S-3-B-A-C-H!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Well, it's the holiday season and Santa is checking his list to see who is naughty or
nice and I'm kind of feeling guilty, so I wrote a song.
So many presents. So little time. Santa won't be coming by my house this year.
Of course I tried to drown my sister and I pierced my ear.
Oh, mama made it perfectly clear
Santa don't like bad boys
Especially Jewish ones
Genifconop and Lego blocks
Are what I desire
So why'd I have to set
The pizza guy's hair on fire?
I told him I was sorry
I'm a liar
So no toys for me.
I don't deserve them.
I couldn't wait for a big wheel as the holiday neared.
But then I told my grandma that she had a beard.
Dear Santa,
I know what my problem is.
Why it can't be good.
It's a fear of intimacy.
You see, my whole life, whenever I've met someone really great like you, and I keep feeling I'm getting too close to them, something inside me makes me want to screw it up.
So in a weird way, the reason I'm so bad is because I love you so much, Santa.
Rock and sock and robot is what I was hoping for, but then I made a death threat to Vice President Gore.
Oh, Santa won't be knockin' on my door, cause he's a big, fat whore.
What made me say that shoots and ladders would be so good indeed?
So why'd I have to sell that copper bag of weed?
So, Santa, please give me my easy plate oven.
Santa won't you accept my apologies Santa can't you see, I'm begging you please
Oh, Santa next year, I'll do you right.
Live from New York, it's Saturday night.
Yay!
Thank you very much for listening,
and we'll see you next week.
