All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in this love scene
Now it's me watching you and you're watching me
But I was too blind, I just couldn't see
You were out on the floor, looking so fine
I never really thought I'd ever be blind
But it went on and on and on
I look in on the dance floor and see what's gone
The heart was the one that's the last one to jump
Everybody needs a promise cause of my choice
I can have me close and complete
No longer anybody that I want to see
Will I want to live my life without losing my mind?
Until the day I die
I'll be your everything
And whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Close your tape ahead, but I won't be a man So look tonight, we're gonna dance the night away
One and one is two, don't you be so cruel Synchronize as love is what we got to do
All the time we'll be together, cause it's yours and mine Forever we're in this love chain
I will be your friend, so tonight we're gonna miss the night away
One and one is two, don't you be the crew
Synchronize this love, it's what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together, cause it's yours and mine
And find forever we're in this long way
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh, God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...moo-uh-moo-ch-uh-moo-caw-key.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
are live and this is episode number 117 for this 11-7 2004 you're tuned into the
Be Monnie scenes most crowded radio station of all things Be Monnie my name
is Rob Roberts you might know me as Skye joining me as always are my awesome
co-hosts in this corner the happiest plenty on the farm her name is Jamie
Summer's you know her better dark Sakura I'm happy when sorry angry bunny also
joining us as always your other co-hosts our tech master Loki hi all right also
with us tonight we have a whole crap load of special guests there's so many
joining us tonight say hello to a float walk and whenever float walks here you
You know, Shark's Girl is here!
I just sneezed, I sound all weird.
It's stuffed up.
Also here tonight, I don't know if he's been to the show in quite some time, if ever.
Say hello to Islander!
Hello.
How you doing?
Doing just great.
Good.
Also here tonight, say hello to someone else who hasn't been here in an awfully long time.
In fact, he's never been to this studio.
Never.
Never.
Say hello to Iguana Girl!
Hello, everybody.
Alright, and also with us tonight, the town's resident poppin' music whore, and now 2DX 8 style consumer whore, as well, say hello to Nabby!
Hello!
And with us tonight, as he is just about every other week, our Orange Island Radio mascot, say hello to Arcadium42.
Hi everybody.
Wow, so as you can see, we have a whole hell of a lot of people in the studio tonight.
If you want to talk to everybody in the studio, we do have the chat up on our TV.
Just visit our chat room over at www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on chat.
We weren't here last week. Happy Halloween. Hope you guys all had a good one.
So we've got a lot of stuff to catch up on tonight. UltraMix 2, definitely.
We've got to talk about 2DX Red. News is coming out about that. We've got to talk about that.
Consumer style for H style as well as pop music 10 just around the corner DDR festival
We might actually talk about Bomani tonight. Oh
No, no, I know I know that's weird. I
Know this is weird for some of you guys
The what?
The mani.
We're going to talk about that the mani stuff tonight.
The mani.
Bah! Nah!
Nah!
Ah, but first
you guys know we have to take a little break
here. We will have the Skype line open at some
point tonight, so if you don't know what
that's all about, you should educate yourself.
www.orangelaundrydo.com
and click on interact with us.
Alright, we're going to take a break
In this break, we're going to play some songs from the Ultramix 2 V-Rare.
I know some of you guys may not have heard this stuff yet, so this should be really interesting to you guys.
And even if you have heard it, it's really good, so listen to it again.
In this break, we're going to hear some remixes from the soundtrack.
We're going to hear I Feel by Toy starting it off.
Check this out, we'll be right back with more Orange Launch Radio Live!
You
But she might even be the one for you
Dreaming, dreaming, all right, all right, I'm talking, I'm talking, I'm talking, I'm
We have the size that you can't stop me now We make all of them do them work like wine
Ratchin' on my own I got me, I got me
I got me, I got me I got, I got, I got, I got
I got me, I got me Make them wine in, make them brew in
I will denounce all things Down to my job, down to my rascal
Make them whinin', make them groovin' up with the dancehall thing
Whinin' that in the ponny rubber double ice
Gotta listen to Kooka cause you a good friend of ice
Make them groovin' in, make them whinin'
Make them groovin' up with the dancehall thing
I tell you that
This nigga Kooka lookin' for some coffee
Dancehall thing
Dancehall thing
Dancehall thing
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting
as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music & More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except of course the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki?
The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches
got anything else to say,
Now's the fucking time!
Three.
Didn't you just say you were sick, Navi?
As of today.
As of this afternoon.
Four.
It's a sick club.
Half the folks in here are in the sick club right now, so I'm a little worried.
I hope we don't catch it, but I think everybody's past contagious stage.
If I exhale hard enough, I can make the raspy voice hot.
I've got the rockin pneumonia and the boogie woogie flu, does that count?
The boogie woogie flu?
It's a song.
Have you ever heard?
No.
I cannot believe you've never heard that song.
Maybe I have heard it and I just forgot it, because it sucked.
I don't know.
It doesn't suck.
Just kidding.
Classic.
Anyway, if you're just joining us, welcome to the show.
We do have a whole lot of special guests here in studio tonight.
Flo walks here, Sharks Girl, Islander, Iguana Girl, Navi, Arcadian42, and then of course
myself, DarkSakura and Loki, all here.
So it's a crowded house.
A good way to come back from episode, or I should say a non-episode, not having a show
for a week.
So it's a good way to come back.
But we're going to start off tonight's show as we start off every week, this week being
no different, and I want to know, how was your week and how was your day?
And also tonight, a bonus question, how was your Halloween?
Jamie, start us off as you always do.
My Halloween, well we did the thing at work and I was wearing these fuzzy leg warmers
and fuzzy arm warmers and had cat ears and a tail, and went around playing with yarn
and blah, that was it.
We had Rocky though on Saturday night, well technically Sunday morning, Saturday night.
And I got to play with lights.
Wow, it sucked.
No, I just, I didn't, I don't think I had enough time to get used to it but it was cool.
And then Halloween, I was just sort of like, dress up, what's that?
And the rest of the week was all busy, busy, busy.
had fun yesterday hanging out. Lots of fun. So, that was it. I kept this one short because
we have a lot of people. I know, wow. I'm shocked. Usually you have like a fifteen minute
monologue. It's amazing. I'm just kidding. Alright, Flo Walk, how you doing? How was
your week? How was your day? How was your Halloween? Let's see, Halloween. Gosh, I really
can't remember much of it because there just really wasn't a bunch of Halloween type stuff
going on. I didn't get a chance to break out my Lucas from the Wizard costume. Aww, I bet
it was so bad. Indeed it was. But uh, let's see, as far as the week goes, gosh man, I
think... I just have to interject though. You went to Classic Gaming Expo, of course
you were there, and I think most, well a few people in this room went to Classic Gaming
Expo. I don't know how many of you guys saw the power glove that was in the room, like
where they were showing all the old stuff. Every time people would walk by it, like every
the other person would go, it's so bad. Myself included. Myself included. Anyway, sorry to
interrupt. It's cool. Let's see, as far as the week goes, gosh, I think I probably speak
like just everyone else. I've probably been sucked up in way too many video games to count.
I mean, Katamari's just been giving me eye strain like a mother. Although, for those
who have played, I don't know if anyone else has gone a perfect 10 meters on the North
I have it! I got it on my second try, I'm a weirdo!
mine, so, hey. And then today is just, of course, you know, always making the track
up from the South Bay up here and jamming to Sirius Radio, which is like the greatest
invention next to the iPod. And here we are now, and it only gets better from here.
Is Sirius the one that's getting Howard Stern?
Yes, it is.
Okay.
I was checking out, because I need to get my car stereo replaced, and I was kind of
thinking about it. Think about it. We'll see.
Sirius went from 600,000 customers to just under a million in less than a month on that
one announcement alone.
Figures.
And I'm one of them.
No surprises.
It would be my dream one day to get this shit on satellite radio, but yeah, I'm not holding
my breath on that one.
But I did see one of those things at Best Buy, it's like a stereo where you can listen
to internet radio like anywhere in your house.
It looked pretty cool, it was $180, but it looked pretty cool.
And hopefully, you know, in about a year, technology comes down.
So, anyway.
Yeah, hi.
Uh, Sharkskull, how was your week?
How was your day?
How was your Halloween?
Um, I don't even remember what I did for Halloween, really.
Is this thing working or no?
It's working.
I just, I'm gonna go back and make sure the audio levels are up sexy.
Okay, cool.
But, um, yeah, I just kinda hung out for Halloween.
It was boring.
Um, avoided little kids, things like that.
Week, I've been sleeping a lot and kind of feeling crappy and, yeah, then we came up
here and I've been all of a sudden my allergies went haaaaaa and now I feel like I'm about
to die. Welcome to Sacramento. Yeah, no kidding. But that's okay. So yeah, it's been fun. It's
just been a day. I sleep a lot nowadays. You went shopping today, right? I bought shoes.
I was a good girl and I only came back with one pair. Are you one of those girls that
has like a hundred pairs of shoes in their closet? Twenty. Well, that's probably average
for a lot of girls I know and the scary thing is I haven't bought any shoes in
like two years and then in like the past probably nine months I bought like ten
pair I get them like all the time people are threatening to call me a melda okay
I'm not even gonna joke with you I'm one of my best friends in high school who I
used to do my public access show with back in the day she had a hundred pairs
of shoes in her closet like there's not enough days in the year to wear all those
have you worn every one of those pairs each one day at least she's like I think
Hey, I went through my shoe stash the other day and I was like, I don't even remember
buying these things. What the hell? These are cute. Now I'm wearing them.
Alright, cool. Alright. Well, let's talk to Islander. Hello. How was your week? How was
your day? How was your Halloween? Um, week's gonna be just fine. Um, the only one who's
like, not sick, thanks to this like, freakishly good immune system. Yeah, like, no seriously,
No seriously, Jessica just shakes her head. As you can see on camera, she's giving me the finger, because I hardly ever get sick, and I don't know why.
It's the RTF jeans.
Thank you. Yeah, it definitely is. It must be the RTF jeans.
That's why it doesn't happen often.
But no, Halloween was basically my day to recover from Rocky. And what was really funny was that after dinner, we went and got some food.
I've seen more and more kids are starting to go to the balls and stuff.
Did I tell you one day I saw the Madden 2005 bus broke down on the side of the road?
Are you serious?
Pretty fucking funny.
On the 680, on the 680, I was driving down, I think it was one time I was coming to see
you one day, Sharkscar, I was driving down 680 and there was the bus broke down on the
side of the road.
I was like, that is hilarious!
I talked about that like weeks ago on Outside the Bus, but yeah, it was crazy.
Funny.
Anyway, let's move on.
And Iguana Girl, welcome back.
Thank you.
It's been a little while.
It's been quite a while since you and I have been on a show together.
Wow.
It's kind of like a reunion.
Oh my god, oh my god, it's 2001 all over again.
I'm glad we can be candid about it, though.
Seriously.
It's good.
I mean, for those who don't know, Guanagirl and I weren't the best of friends for years.
To put it lightly.
Yes.
Which, you know, but, you know, time heals things, and now we're just...
And we've got a bunch of big balls, and we've sucked them up, and...
Yeah, you know, we just, you know, kissed and made up. Well, without the kissing.
Mwah!
And, uh, you know, but it's worked out good, and, you know, everybody always thought there was this big, like,
oh, Orange Lounge versus DDR Freak, because you are the goddess behind DDR Freak Radio.
And everybody's always been like, oh, you know, it's, oh, Orange Lounge versus DDR Freak, and not really.
Yeah, we know, I've been sitting here going, uh, don't I do both?
Yeah.
But no, it's good to have you on, and certainly, if you want to make a plug for DDR Freak Radio, go ahead.
in a DDR3 radio? Because, I think there's, I think there's like, I think there's like,
I think there's 90,000 some odd stations on Live 365. I haven't checked. There are many
more stations that we could pick on besides DDR3 radio. Is the tickling guy a station?
That's what I want to know. Oh my god, the tickling guy. For those that don't know, Guana
I used to do a show way back in the day under sedation live which is still on the air
It just doesn't have us on it anymore, but it's got the very level kind of move to Texas
So you know show when I moved to Texas, but it does have the very lovely
Jenna, I can't remember
Yes, so they still on the air so check them out under station live org and sometimes you can even hear the old episodes have
I've gone a girl and I on them so so we're reunited in our other names mind you
Anyway, enough of that. How was your week? How was your day? How was your Halloween?
My Halloween was, as most other people in this room, or a good portion of the other
people in this room, would be spent at Rocky Horror. I played Columbia, and got to get
all dressed up in all the sequins, and do my hair, and all that fun jazz, and bounce
around and hoped that my top didn't fall off. And then after that Halloween I got cheat
night. I actually got to have, yay, cheat night. Got to go to Old Spaghetti Factory
and eat those nasty carbs and all that fun schnaz. This week unfortunately has been spent
being sick. Sick work school. Sick work school. That's like my mantra this week. So I ended
I'm going to take a couple days off of work, which sucked, and today has been pretty neato
mosquito.
Yesterday was pretty neato mosquito, because I got to spend a lot of time with Ms. Dark
Sakura, and today's been all spiffy, because I get to spend it with everybody else.
So I'm in a relatively good mood, and hopefully I won't be, like, coughing too hard.
All right.
Well, that's okay.
There's only, like, so many mics, so hopefully you won't have the microphone when it's time
to cough.
Anyway, moving on.
Navi.
I'm holding the mic with my sleeve to be courteous to other people because I'm just now breeding
my germs today.
How was your week?
How was your day?
How was your Halloween?
Halloween.
I was at work.
I did nothing.
There was no reason to dress up.
I work in a deli.
I have a costume that smelled like bleach and meat when I come home.
My week, well actually the past couple weeks have just been way too busy for me.
I don't know, shit's been falling apart at work and I've been working like 46, 48 hours
a week.
So I'm actually kind of looking forward to being sick right now, hoping it lands on a
day that I don't have off.
You know what?
Overtime pay rocks though when you've got, and I know you'll be in the import bar, you've
got what?
Eight coming out?
Yeah.
There's crap coming out.
But you know, on my paychecks right now, they're almost double what I normally get.
But all I've been really buying are all my little collectible stuff, but I don't have
any more room.
I don't even have room for the stuff that's coming in the mail this week.
I actually have over $100 left out of my paycheck this week, so I don't know what's going on
with that.
So I'm just going to take some time off and do something.
You've got to tell that cold to hold off about a week, so you can get sick on the 15th of
November.
Yeah.
No, not 18.
I thought that would happen.
No, three days after.
Yeah, sorry.
Or maybe 20 November, around that.
assuming my package gets in the States by, no it can't because the 18th, Friday, yeah,
you know, I, remembering back to how things process when they ship from Japan, actually
it's going to kind of suck because I'll have to wait more days.
You have the science down to a T. Yeah, if it, my ship will ship on any given
damn day, as long as the package gets into the States by Friday, it will ship on a weekend
or a holiday. If not, it like flies around in circles over
Hawaii or something for the weekend and then it gets on San Francisco on Monday and then
it gets processed and whatever but yeah okay so that's my week and then today today was
alright I slept in forever tried playing some 2DX again today and I was having I was having
timing problems when going back to old styles got pissed off went back to play sixth again
and then somehow double-wayed Rotel to Sun, and I'm like, what the hell?
And so yeah.
My gods, he got skills!
Oh my god!
But yeah, you know, but no, I was having cravings to play Dune, and I barely passed Dune.
I was like, I don't remember this being 78 BPMs.
Do you need to upload those scores to VJ Army?
No.
Hey, I'm proud of myself.
Oh my god.
Those are good scores.
I'm just jealous because I haven't touched my 2DX controller or anything.
Don't worry, I'm not going to be bragging on here or anything. That was what I did today.
I sucked at everything else today.
So yeah, I'm ten.
I have to ask something. I actually played seventh style last week.
Did you?
Yay!
So I did do something with the money related.
Well, there you go!
Am I so happy a pop of nine arrived?
Oh, right on.
I haven't played it yet, but I have it.
Pop of nine won.
Oh, you know what? You don't have enough time to unlock everything before ten comes out.
The gambler's easy, bitch.
I don't even know that I'm going to get ten, I just...
Well, it'll take a very, very, very, very long time.
That's quite alright, I don't have a lot of time to play.
Maybe if we find what, you know, where you have to be in the game to let it sit in its place
so the timer will run and count, find that and let it sit on for like, you know, a day.
I like to play the little RPG mode.
You open the chest, you have X song unlocked.
That's kind of cool.
But seriously, it probably took, like, it took, I don't know, whatever, never mind. Okay.
Alright, well then we'll move on. Let's go on to Arkadian42. How was your week? How was your day? How was your Halloween?
For Halloween, I didn't do jack shit. I think I watched, like, Dark City the night before, but I didn't do anything on Halloween.
Next morning I got some candy, but unlike last year, they didn't do the big sale, because it was like Monday instead of, like, a weekend.
Either that or Safeway learned their lesson about people coming in the next day and buying things for like 50 cents.
Said they just did it for half price, so I bought some stuff.
Shared it with work and then worked all week and didn't do much this weekend other than straighten up a little bit and then catch up on message boards.
Then today went to the store and then went to the arcade for a little bit and played one game of Drummania and the symbol was broken.
and one game of Guitar Freaks and that was working alright
and that's all. It's good to know there's still some people in town that actually played
Bomani
It's good to know. Also I wanted to say, because you mentioned the day before Halloween, I just wanted to say
happy late birthday to Navi
and Mel B who both have the same birthday
if you can believe that. Wow. Day before Halloween. Woo.
I'm trying to figure out who's older
Alright, I guess I'll talk about my weekend my day my Halloween actually my Halloween was kind of stupid because I was having relationship issues
So I didn't really have much of a Halloween. I had a talking to on Halloween
There were no treats on Halloween just and they're really not even a trick either
Food yes, there was good food and
Because we had gone to spaghetti factor. I went I went and celebrated cheat day even though every day is cheat day for me
And we got to make fun of the guys in Walgreens. Yeah, that was cool. We made fun of the guys
in Walgreens who were like, I don't know what they were doing. They were hitting on you
or something? I think they were drunk. They were drunk. They were very drunk. But so as
you may have picked up, a lot of folks in the room here, when we're not doing DDR, we're
doing Rocky Horror, so I was involved with all that too. Quite involved with all that.
I hope you don't see the pictures. A lot of girls making threats over there. Hey, I got
pictures of you too, don't push me.
So that was Halloween the day before, and this last week was pretty boring, I got back
into playing Final Fantasy XI, which you know, addict right, I play that quite a bit.
Oh yeah, that was my cue, addict.
And gosh, not a whole lot else going on really, I was watching Loki play Grand Theft Auto
almost a week. I saw The Incredibles last night, which was a cute movie. It was pretty
good. A lot of people are saying it's going to be Oscar. Maybe, I don't know. I like to
kill Bill Vol. 2 a little better, but you know, I just like violence. So that was pretty
much my week. I decided on Saturday, this would be yesterday, that I want to be just
like Tanya, and I'm going to start the DDR diet. So I have to modify my diet a little
bit, because part of my diet is that I want abs, so I'm now doing the DDR-S diet, which
is DDR and sit-ups. So we'll see how that works out. I'll keep you posted on my progress,
but I found that I'm actually playing Max 2 a lot for DDR, even, because nobody's on
UltraMix, like a couple months ago I was playing UltraMix and there would be, you know, sometimes
people on, but I've been kind of pissed off lately because whenever I sign on to UltraMix,
all the games on there are like 8 and 9 footer songs, which is cool and all, and you know,
I can play those once in a while, but I don't like playing them back to back to back for
hour and it really stinks when you're playing against people on a controller so
I'll have to wait for Ultramix 2 to come out so that Xbox Live kind of gets a
swift kick in the ass and you know that gets jump-started again I'll have people
playing it but for the meantime it's all about the mega dance hits non-stop in
Max 2 which has you know my Kylie and Ghost and all that stuff so a lot of fun
and then of course sit-ups I threw my back out yesterday doing it though
cuz a hard lesson learned always stretch before you exercise always stretch how
could I be so stupid I don't know all right I guess you should hear from Loki
as well how was your week how was your day how was your Halloween my week was
alright didn't do much just what did I do this week I don't remember they get
something between Final Fantasy XI and Grand Theft Auto San Andreas. And, um, let's see
what else I did. Oh, we went on our first quote-unquote ghost hunt yesterday. We went
to Coloma for what seemed like hours, but actually it was only like about an hour. And,
um, it was stupid, actually, because, I don't know, it was, it was just walking around a
stupid cemetery and taking pictures of gravestones, and that was just like, eh, whatever, but
it kinda, just, we kinda got a dry run for the whole, um, ghost thingy thing. But anyways,
related to that, I finished the so-called gate to hell device thing, um, I was hoping
to bring it along with me yesterday, but we didn't have a recorder anyway, so that would
have not worked, so, how the fuck is that? But it's done, so that's one project out of
way and other than that I also saw the Incredibles and it was awesome and what
else did I do I don't know Oh Halloween since I was kind of forced to dress up
or I should say persuaded to dress up by my girlfriend I ended up dressing up
like Loki that day ironically left from Dogma so I had a nice coat and wings and
and that was kind of fun. And, I don't know, we just had a party and watched the new Dawn
of the Dead and then Shaun of the Dead. So that was awesome. And that's all I did.
Loki, have you seen that preview for the brand new Mask sequel? You remember the Mask with
Jim Carrey? Oh my God, it looks so lame. But Alan Cumming, who is my God, he's so awesome,
he plays low-key
uh... uh...
uh... i guess we'll do now we're gonna go to another break and then we come back
uh... i want to make some big announcements we have a big announcement to make tonight
uh... regarding a giveaway a really really big giveaway that we're doing
you've heard us talking about it for a while and we even promised it would happen a couple
months ago but it didn't
but that's alright
because it really really is happening soon we actually have a date
We have the prizes in our possession, and if you don't know what we're talking about,
we're going to talk about it when we come back from this break, featuring more of the
UltraMix II V-Rare.
Also tonight, we're going to hear some stuff from 2DX Red at some point.
So in this break, a lot of you guys in the chat room were requesting to hear the Max
300 remix, so we're going to make that happen for you guys, as well as Gyruss, the new Gyruss
mix is awesome.
And then I know there's some fans of Day Behavior too, so we'll throw them in there as well.
So we will be back after this.
listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh
I was picked up for a TV show
It's called A24
I am the girl that you all know
To love, hate, or adore
I've been waiting for my life
Just to be seen
Being by everyone
I wanted to be someone
I'm the student of a star
I'm longing to be seen
I'm back to you
I'll do anything
I'm here
I'm better than a star
Longing to be seen
I'm better than a girl
I'm jumping free, like a superstar, wanting everything
I'll never give up, I'll do anything you need
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live here on this lovely Sunday evening, as we are every Sunday night.
This is a big week for those of you guys that are Xbox fans.
I know a lot of you guys have Xbox. Huge game coming out Tuesday.
Biggest release. I know you've been waiting for it all year long.
karaoke revolutions coming out for Xbox on Tuesday I know you can't wait for it
so I know and I hear that folks are gonna be lining up around the corner at
midnight to buy this game so it's pretty crazy but just you know don't riot
please let's say orderly there's enough karaoke revolution for everyone I hear
that they expect that there could be extra copies on the shelves just a
couple no but seriously karaoke revolution what the hell it came out of
nowhere like I know we were talking about karaoke revolution Xbox a couple
weeks ago on the show and then suddenly I remember iguana girl made a post in
her live journal she was actually talking about karaoke revolution volume
three yeah because you know a go on a girl and I have been known to do some
karaoke and one of the songs that's being featured happens to be something
that both Sky and I used to do on a semi-regular basis.
Back when we actually spoke.
And for those that are really interested, there is a file on the Internet that you can
find somewhere at a particular convention that a particular Sky and I went to.
Actually that was when we first played DDR.
That was the same weekend that we first played DDR.
So if you want to see what I look like the first time I play DDR with this hideous zit
right on my nose.
The hideous face!
The hideous face!
Oh my god, the face!
But yeah, if you're, if you're, uh, coos enough to be able to find it, then, you know, that
file is still out there on the internet as far as I know.
Just think about what, now, Pop Quiz, you guys, think about what Iguana Girl and I talked
about during the last little banter session, okay?
So you might be able to find it.
Yeah.
Alright, so anyway, iguanagirl posted kref3, pointed out the fact that there was love shack.
And I knew, I had heard the karaoke revolution 3 had duets, and I even remember looking at
an early song list, but I just kind of skimmed it because there were so many songs, I don't
even remember connecting it, oh my god, love shack was in it, because maybe at the time
I didn't care either, I don't know, but, oh my god, that love shack crap, oh I don't want
I was surprised that the website didn't have a date, so I was like, okay, I'm going to
go find a date for when this game comes out.
I go to GameFacts.com, because Go On A Girl said, well, you spent your majority of E3
this year.
In the Karaoke Revolution 2 booth.
Yes, exactly.
Because, you know, they had a nice little seat, and it was air conditioned, and I liked
to sing.
They had the little Logitech microphones.
It was fun.
So it was assumed that, okay, well we'll get to try this out next May, but I was kind of
going, I don't know, it just seems like, you know, to put out the song, six months to wait
for that, I don't know.
So I decided to look for a street date, and sure enough, gamefacts.com, I bring it up,
says 11-9, the street date.
I'm like, is Xbox coming out the same day?
Sure enough, Karaoke Revolution Xbox, 11-9, a date you guys might have heard of for certain
releases of certain games.
Yes.
So I have no idea where the hell this is coming from.
Do you have any idea, Mel? I know you have some of the inside scoop at Konami, but do
you have any idea how the hell this just blindsided us all?
I think what it all boils down to is it just makes marketing sense. I mean, KR1 did really
well, KR2, you know, followed up pretty nicely, and hey, it's holiday season. Why not milk
the product for what it's worth, really? I think that's what it boils down to.
Well, I don't think it's any surprise that we're getting a Karaoke Revolution 3 and Duet's
logical next step in the right direction, but that was fast.
It's really wasn't that hard to, you know, I mean, one and two were pretty much not that
different, you know, aside from just one extra in the mode. And it's pretty safe to say after
they did like KR1, they had already been working on KR3 because it's really just kind of like
drop this in and, you know, it's, you just kind of add on top as opposed to redoing a
whole new engine. Yeah, I mean, it pretty much looks the same,
but now you got duets which is kind of cool so now you guys all out there in
Radio Land will have to find a friend to play this game with and just please go
out and find a friend please no please just in fact just for the sake of having
a life go for not kidding um but this is good because now I want a girl and I can
practice for you know because you know someday at our favorite bar they have to
do a duets contest someday it's got to happen we need to talk to our favorite
KJ about making that happen. So we've got to win that. So we can spend the money on
games. Because I'm going to be fucking broke after November, I don't know about you guys.
Quick poll, going around the room. Games you're looking forward to by the end of the year?
It doesn't have to be Bobbani, just any games you're looking forward to by the end of the
year? Oh man, there's still more stuff out there. I don't know, it's kind of hard to
say. Well obviously, yeah, you know, the 8 styles is definitely the one I'm looking forward
And I'm still looking forward to Rumble Roses. That's going to be pretty dope.
Yeah, that does come out Tuesday awesome.
It seems like most of the games I'm looking forward to have already come out.
And it's like, you know what, I need to look forward to more, man.
I'm still catching up on like three or four more games.
You know, it's like maybe by March, you know, I'll be caught up.
And then by that time E3 rolls around and it's like, great, more anticipation, you know, in May and so on and so on.
But I figured they're just kind of blowing everything out now, because once next-gen systems come out, you know, obviously, those first launch titles usually kind of blow ass, and, you know, but, uh, yeah, I think Roam of Roses right now is definitely high on my list.
Sounds good. Sharkskull, anything you're looking forward to?
Right now, it's mostly, like, UltraMix 2 and, um, 8th Style, because I've got all this stuff. I just got Donkey Konga a month or two ago.
Ooh, how was that?
Oh, I love that game.
love that game. We didn't get a chance to pick it up for the show here. That Tycho we completely missed. I am so freaking addicted to it.
I just sit there and just bop away. My mom's like, what the hell are you doing? I'm like, I'm playing Conga, leave me alone.
Um, and my friend from Nashville, Cincinnati, everywhere just came back and
he's got it too, so I found someone I could play with.
I might have to buy this too before the next time I visit. It's fun. We'll drive your mom
crazy. It's a lot of fun, but um, yeah, you know, I got that. I just got Burnout 3, I got
Star Wars Battlefront,
I got Katamari Damacy, I'm just catching up to everything I've just bought recently, and Dr. Mario.
The freaking crack game from way back.
So yeah, I'm just catching up to what I already bought. For the most part.
Sounds good.
Uh, Islander, what are you looking forward to?
Uh, like Mel, I'm looking forward to Rumble Roses.
Um, pretty much everything that I'm looking forward to is already, has already been released.
There's a lot of things I still need to pick up. Probably like, for example, MK Deception. I still want to pick up just for MK1.
You have to get the collector's edition for MK1 though, just so you know. Because I bought Deception, but it doesn't have MK1 on it.
Yeah, okay. So yeah, I know about that. Other than that, there's a few others, but recently we just picked up, you know, of course we have Extreme, Katamari Damacy,
Mad 2005 for me, and Smackdown Reservoir for myself, and between those four games, I mean,
there's still stuff on Extreme that I haven't unlocked yet. I mean, because I've got so
much stuff to play, so most of the stuff I've been looking for has already been released,
so I just need to, you know, just kind of save up for them.
Right on. Iguana Girl, what are you looking forward to?
Well, I would officially like to start the Iguana Girl Really Needs New Games Fund, because
I am too damn broke to be able to afford anything.
I would really, really love to be able to get A-Style, but first I'd love to get 7-Style,
a new controller.
I hear you.
It's kind of helpful to have a controller that functions.
Do you have a PayPal you want to plug?
If I could remember the name, I would.
But yeah, I'm incredibly broke in trying to make ends meet, but almost out of debt type
of deal.
So yeah, I would love to get 8 style, I would love to get 7 style still, and I would love
to get an Xbox to be able to play the Xbox versions of games.
And also, of course, you know, because I'm a karaoke horror, karaoke revolution 3.
Very cool.
Navi.
And I bet you not a single one of his games are going to be domestic.
Actually yeah.
Well, I mean, as far as ones that have yet to be released, I still want to play Deception
and San Andreas, but just haven't really gotten around to it.
I am so looking forward to getting my Ellie's for 8th Style and Pop and Music 10.
As far as the future, I'm thinking about picking up the new Taeko no Tatsujin game.
It's actually the song list I saw.
There's like random ass licensed songs in there that I know.
All these like, you know, Karaoke Revolution and all these other games that incorporate
any music in it they're all crossing over with each other like like choo-choo train
is in it and stuff um and any interest in the u.s version at all probably not i don't
know i haven't i haven't checked out any song listings for that yet though um but god what
else was there supposedly the sequel to karatemanidamashi is still supposed to be out before the year's
over. The Japanese one came out like in February. They haven't given a release date on it, they're
being all super secretive on it, but I think it still says it's supposed to be out before
the end of the year. And then I think I'm going to go get one of those Dragon Warrior
slime controllers. Those are so cute. What site can they go to
to check those out? Actually, they're now up for pre-order. I
I just checked last night. They're up for pre-orders at NCSX and Japan Video Games and they're $45.
Arkadian.
I think the only thing I'd be anticipating would be 8th style.
There's so many songs I like in that style.
Even though I haven't played 7th style in months.
Mainly because I do typing and stuff all day.
kinda hard to do more stuff with my hands. Nothing really else because I hardly follow
games anymore.
Aww, well that's alright.
With like all old systems and only Japanese PS2 and that's pretty much it.
I haven't touched my Japanese PS2 in months. It feels so neglected it's crying in my room
under the pile of laundry it's under.
Let's go nuzzle it.
I need to cuddle with it tonight and let it know I still love it. I just, you know, have
no use for it. There's some rejection. Poor thing's going to go crying off to the Xbox
now. Oh my god, my JPS2 is going to elope with my GameCube. Ever since Josh and I stopped
playing Four Swords, I haven't touched the GameCube either. They're going to elope. They
do get the GS2. Dark Sacra, what are you looking forward to this holiday? Definitely Ape Style,
8th style, which I actually have to go and play Asia and make my pre-order.
Actually, I know for sure I'm getting the Taiko no Tatujin US one, because Dan basically
slipped and told me he's getting it for me. Although he made an interesting slip, something
about an arcade-style controller, but for 2DX.
Ooh!
Because we were talking about expensive presents, and that's what...
Jamie's favorite kind, for those listening, by the way.
Yeah, it doesn't matter what it is you're shopping for.
I don't really think I'm going to get it, but I was talking about a $400 set of
Copic Markers that I wanted. They had it at A1 Comics and I was like, I really want
this, but I would rather have a tablet because I wanted a nice big art tablet.
He was like, well, you could get that or you could get an arcade style controller,
and then he didn't say anything else. So I was like, ooh.
Very interesting. Very. Although, honestly, I want to try actually building one.
Yeah, and I haven't seen any place now that has 2DX arcade-style controllers for anything
less than $500 now.
Wasn't there a third-party that was making one, though?
Huh?
Wasn't there a third-party that was getting one?
I don't know about that.
There's tons of third-parties for pop and music arcade-style controllers, and they're
only like $250, but yeah, they've gone up like $150 since I got mine.
So I could just make one.
I found all the schematics to make one myself, so I could do it if I had time.
But as far as any other game, I definitely want Katamari Damacy 2.
I'm sort of in about DDR right now, just because I'm so busy with everything else, I don't
really have time to play.
I was actually thinking about getting the DDR aerobics game, though.
Cute.
What was it?
I remember it was Aerobic Revolution or something, yeah.
I was thinking about it.
We heard it was coming out, and then we didn't hear anything else.
The game I want, though, it's already came out in the US, but it's really crappy.
So I need to import Bujingai.
It's the game with Gakda as the main character.
Now somebody had sent me a link about this, that Gakda was doing a voice, I think Dark
Knight was telling me about this.
He's the whole character model.
That's awesome.
The game, it was, in fact I put pictures in my live journal way back when, you know, when
they were actually in production of the game, but it just looked really, really awesome
and I heard that they really, really butchered it for the U.S., but now the import's gonna
be cheap since the U.S. version is out.
Oh, okay.
A lot of the importers should have it really cheap, but I have to go around, jumping around
from, you know, building to building is gawked.
Gawk didn't have to...
And all this fabulousness.
He didn't have to speak in English for the English one, did he?
No, they probably got somebody else.
I don't...
Ooh, that'd be weird.
I know.
I was like, I can't hear another voice with that.
I have to have his, you know, voice.
It just doesn't...
I wouldn't be right.
All right, anything else?
Um, hopefully a game where I can shoot things.
Right on.
Um, as far as my top three games for this holiday season, I would say number three is
a tie, um, 2DXA style I gotta get. I know it's gonna get me back into 2DX, which I'm
sure makes Navi, yeah, he's grinning over there, cause he missed, I guess I suck now
and it used to be like Navi and I would have little friendly competitions about, you know,
who can beat this song first, and then at one point I just said, ah, fuck it, you beat
you know, and I just kind of quit 2DX, but I think 8 style might get me back into it
a little bit, but it's kind of a tie because Rumble Roses, I really want it, and this is
strange because, and this is no secret to those of you who listen to the show, I'm a
gay guy, but... Since when did you turn straight? I, I, you know what, it's hilarious, I mean
the thought of women kicking the shit out of each other in mud wrestling, to Bamani
music stuff, type stuff, because the artists are doing it, it's hilarious to me. Well,
I mean, jeez, I'm a straight chick, and I love playing DOA, Extreme Beach Volleyball,
and putting them in the tiniest little freaking bikinis I could find.
Exactly.
I do it all the time.
There's something about being able to, uh, kick the shit out of, you know,
or become a woman that can kick the shit out of everybody, it's...
I don't know.
No, and I'm not one of those, like, transsexual whatevers, okay?
I just... think it's fun.
Then after they've slowly beat each other to, um, submission in the mud,
They slowly strip off the clothes and go at it in a very aggressive, sexual, uh, yeah.
Rob is out without power.
I need a towel.
No, um, go power!
Before we get too far away from it, the third party, um, controllers I was thinking about for 2DX would be Controlica, which is a new site that's actually come out.
They're going to be selling supposedly in the winter 2DX arcade style controllers that
are supposed to be on par or if not better for $375 plus shipping and based on their
pop music controller which looks just like an arcade style controller, all metal, really
nice.
It should be pretty good.
Very nice.
All right.
Thank you for interrupting me.
That's all right.
It's good to know.
I was wondering what that site was because you're showing it to me earlier this week.
I forgot.
As far as my number two, and try not to boo me for this, but I really do want this game.
I haven't even said what it is yet.
I want Halo 2 really bad.
Me too, oh my god, me too.
And we can play online and I can run over you with the Warthog.
Well this is the thing, okay, you guys have to understand, that back when I was in college,
my buddies at Sonoma State, I had a bunch of friends that went to Sonoma State over
in the Bay, and they all had a really fast internet connection, so they would set up
Quake servers, and I used to get on there and school them at Quake.
I was really good don't don't listen to him. I was the best at quake
Okay
And so now the halo twos out and it's on Xbox live like everybody that was in college that little circle friends in college
They have an Xbox. They're all getting Xbox live. So it's like we're gonna relive the old days through halo 2. It's so precious
So yeah, I really really want halo 2 so shut up. Don't hate. Why do you suck now shut
Cuz he's gay, duh
Now I remember why we haven't had you on the show any here
I'm just kidding. And then my number one, absolutely DDR Ultramix 2. I believe it's
going to live up to the hype. I think it's going to be awesome. I have no doubt it's
going to be a Bomani fan's wet dream this winter, so I'm looking forward to it, definitely.
And I'm also looking forward to being able to play, and Seagurd has already accepted
this challenge, I'm going to play Seagurd on this show, live, and beat him at his own
own steps. That's the challenge that's on the table right now. Are you listening? You
listening? It's own. It's already been brought in. All right. Okay, was that everybody? Loki,
I didn't get your top three. What are you looking forward to this holiday season? Gimme.
I don't know if this is coming out within this time frame, but Alien Hominid. I don't
though. I don't pay attention to this shit. God. So that one looked really awesome.
Dude, did I tell you about that last time I was here, though?
Nope. Oh, yeah, you mentioned it, but then wasn't
it like your friend or something? Yeah, my friend James, his friend is the
one who designed it. Looks awesome.
Yes. So that one would be cool. Oh, gosh. Really,
as far as video games, I'm not looking forward to anything, to be honest. Really, E3, I was
just kind of eh, you know, so no, there's not really anything I'm looking forward to
at all. No, I can't think of anything. Unless, well, well.
You know what? You got Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and you can beat cops senseless with
your pimp cane. I don't know if there's anything else that really you need.
They could always have a Driver 4 so that I could see even worse AI.
Wow. Oh my God, that game sucks.
I just, the only reason I play is just to see how bad it sucks.
And, you know, it's, it's great. And it's funny though, because in Grand Theft Auto San Andreas,
there's a point in the game where you have to go into this rapper's house and like steal like his rhyme book,
and he's playing Driver 3 and seeing how bad it sucks when you walk by him. It's great.
But anyways, um, no, really, um, oh yeah, the other thing I'm really looking forward to,
And hopefully they'll get it out by, you know, winter, you know, 2004. It's in the groove, the home version.
Dot, dot, dot.
No, actually, I don't care. But, um, I would like to see, um, Pump It Up exceed.
Yeah.
I would like to see that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it looks interesting.
You know, I don't play Pump It Up and I despise the arcade. I'd still like to see it because it'd be something different.
And, um... God, you know, um... I don't know, all the good games have already come out. Like, most of the Konami ones are already out, so...
Well, you know, I don't know, I can't think of any good ones. I guess Metal Gear Solid 3, but I don't like even playing Metal Gear Solid 3, or Solid or Solid 2, so...
I don't know. The DS, I guess? I don't know. That might be pretty cool.
So they can start re-releasing. Oh! A new Animal Crossing game, if that ever comes out.
Animal Crossing DS would be cool.
You know, these are those times when I'm very grateful that my man works where he does.
So I can get my free DS.
Absolutely. Hey, have you gotten a copy of the Ultramix 2V Rare through them yet?
He's got it. He just hasn't brought it home for me yet.
Hmm, interesting. I know those are hitting the shelves, so if you haven't found yours yet, go- go bug your local GameStop.
It's great. It's a great CD. I mean, even if it wasn't even DDR-related, it's still a great CD.
And I think it is just awesome that for the first time we have full-length versions of songs that weren't done by Konami. That's pretty cool.
I mean, not that Konami songs are bad, don't get me wrong, but it's just neat to have other stuff on there, so...
Check it out if you haven't yet.
Konami bringing on a different drum is probably the smartest thing they could have done for
both a different drum and themselves. Definitely. Yeah, I don't know if you guys noticed this,
but, and this is out in the UltraMix 2 thread over on The Freak right now, so there's no
secret, but that Alien C16, whatever the guy's name, his website says that he has certain
songs that were in UltraMix 2. TOY, if you go to his site, his site says there are certain
songs in Ultramix 2. If you just thought to go to a different drums website and look at
all the links to the artist pages, if you were really bored, you would have known about
that stuff months ago. But, c'est la vie. It was a fun secret while it lasted, I guess.
Who knows? Anyway, let's see. Well, okay, I want to talk about some things that are
going to be coming up on the station. Obviously, I teased this. We've got a contest that's
going to be coming up and Floatwalk, you were a big part of helping hook us up with this.
I'm actually going to, if you don't mind, Dark Seqra, I'm going to bring up the cam
for a minute because I want to put these on the cam real fast, but let us know about it.
We talked about it on the station a little bit before, but remind us again, Floatwalk,
what are we doing with our buddies at DDR Spot right now?
Well, DDR Spot, for those who actually come visit us once in a while, we'll reward you
because roughly around next week or so, we're going to relaunch basically another version
And obviously it's gonna be more or less coinciding with UltraMix 2 coming out and such, but Orange
Lounge is doing a giveaway, as are we, and we're doing the same gifts actually, which
I have brought up finally.
As you know, of course me being the man and all that kind of stuff, I got my hookups here
and there, and those in Orange Lounge, I know a bunch of y'all are Kira Yamaoka fans, so
We got four of his promotional CDs, which are actually like little mini CDs, which have,
I believe one of them is the, what's that song, Room of Angel I guess it is, yeah, it
has that and then it has like a spoken track on it afterwards.
It was kind of a promotional giveaway in Japan and he has autographed all four CDs, so those
who want to get a piece of the man, they are more than welcome to try. But let's see what
else is going on. Yeah, that's our big giveaway for the time being. There's probably more
we might have in the future, but be grateful for what you have.
So this is the way the contest is going to work, boys and girls. We're going to start
this contest on... I got to bring up the calendar because I forgot. It's not tomorrow, but a
week from tomorrow. November 15th is when this contest is going to start. It's going
to run for two weeks. Here's the deal. Monday nights, Tuesday nights, and Thursday nights,
Orange Launch Radio have certain spin-off programs. You might have heard of these. Diversion
on Mondays, pump up the volume on Tuesday, and Outside the Box, moving to Thursday nights
this week. So starting on the 15th, on each one of these shows, we're going to ask a trivia
Something about a Kiryamoka, something about Silent Hill, won't be too difficult, but you
know, my challenge, you might have to do a little research.
We're going to ask you a question on each one of these shows.
Then for each week, because we have two CDs, we're going to be doing this for two weeks,
at the end of each week we'll take all the emails with the correct answers and we'll
be drawing one randomly and whoever gets all the answers correct and we pull them randomly
out of the hat, they win a signed Kiryamoka Silent Hill 4 limited edition CD.
imported from Japan, worth a lot of money doing a Kiryamoka collector, you got to
have this. So definitely be tuned in to those shows. I will post more information
on the website all about it in the coming weeks. So it's our first like
really really big giveaway so I'm excited. So big thanks to Float Walk and
DDR spot for helping us out with that. So stay tuned to the website and of course
if you're not eligible for the Orange Lounge Radio one because I believe the
rule was if you've been to Orange Lounge Radio in person three times you're
considered a regular and you're not eligible so but but a lot of you guys
would be eligible to win DDR spots and vice versa DDR spot staff could be
eligible for ours so something to think about all right so you got some
competition out there that we all want the CDs I I would love to keep them I
think we'll just close the station down tomorrow and I'll just keep them all
right no we're gonna be doing that if it's any consolation even I'm not
keeping an autographed CD. These are all sharing to the people. Of course, I have my own autographs
of his, but that's neither here nor there.
Alright. Also, I got a big announcement. A lot of people in the room don't even know
this one yet, because we just got the okay on it, just a couple hours before you guys
all got here. But next week, we're going to have an interview. Our very first Bamani artist
is going to be on the show
conception from the are also makes two he did the song altitude he's gonna be
on the show next week
so check out how to be here live we're gonna talk to him over our brand new
uh... skype out thing we've got we can call him
already talking to him
and we might have another one
in the next few weeks uh... we'll see i don't know i don't know if you want to
say they are not that
we might also have
the guy behind the most kick-ass remit in baumanni
Looked at the, um, not looked at this guy. In my eyes, the Midihead remix, Midihead.
We might have Midiheads, so we're working on that. We're working it.
This could be the beginning of something beautiful.
We'll see. Now I'm looking forward to asking Conceptual a lot of questions.
How do you feel like real radio?
I know, it's so weird.
Pretty soon, you know, we'll outgrow this little apartment studio thing we got going.
That means we can have a compound.
we might have to sell ads on the site because people might actually want to
like get known out there anyway so that's definitely interesting we're
going to ask conception a lot of questions about how he became hooked up
with Ultramix 2 and what is music lag with songs about he's actually gonna
send us a song too and I don't think a lot of guys have heard it yet so we're
gonna play that for you guys next week on the show so stay tuned for that let's
Let's see. What should we do now? Are we going to go to break? Let's do a break. You guys
want a break?
We can break things.
Yeah, let's do a break. I think, how much longer are you guys going to be here?
Another segment, I guess.
Try another segment? Maybe another hour? Okay. Let's see if we can't do some good old-fashioned
Bahmani match game tonight, okay? Here's how it's going to work, though. We're going to
get a caller on Skype, and of course, what we do when we get somebody on Skype, they
will get to challenge either Float Walk, Sharks Girl, Islander, or Iguana Girl, or Navi, or
Arcadian 42, they can pick somebody to challenge on tonight's Bimani match game, so that should
be a lot of fun.
You guys up for it?
Yeah!
Alright.
Absolutely.
So we're going to do some Bimani match game tonight.
Also, right now, we're going to get to some stuff from 2DX Red, and to be honest, I've
kind of fallen behind on 2DX Red, so I'm going to turn to our local moderator on Bimani style
probably knows about more of what's going on with 2DX Red than I do.
Navi, what's up with 2DX Red? The game's out? Is that correct?
It's out. It came out the day after the site went up.
Well, the official, it was like the 27th or 28th of October. It went up.
Yep. It's out. What else do you want? I've had a brain fart.
I bring the microphone to you. I stalk you. Tell the class about it.
English, do you speak it?
English. It's red. It's very red.
Things about it. God, it's another 2DX mix.
I don't really know what all that is to be said. You just need to listen to that music.
Give me the fucking mic.
I'm annoyed at the site right now, though, because there's no artwork for me to download
to make my desktop wallpaper.
I'll have you give me inspiration, Loki, then I'll take something intelligent for once.
but that's also being added. Then we've got the addition of, what is it, 8 Plus Star?
They've broken down the ratings into 1 through 8 and Flashing Eights. Flashing Eights now
are just songs like A and Kakumei and stuff like that. There's been plenty of songs that
have been upgraded, some that I thought were kind of weird upgrade, like Zero One's now
an 8 and Linus is an 8 and a bunch of other crap. Most of the, a lot of old
artists, the regular artists, are not in it. They are off doing other
projects right now so they have revived a lot of old artists like like fourth
style kind of stuff like Nova Nude or no no no that was a fake. That was a fake.
There was no Super Highway? No, there was no voter asylum either. They revived Wall
Five. I love their new song. If you see the new video for it, it's really cool. It's like
a bunch of twitching animals to the song. Baby Weapon, DJ Swan from Fifth Style. There's
There's actually a handful of artists that, you know, like, when the 2DX, um, when the
remix album for 10th Style came out were all, who the fuck are they? Well, now they have
their own songs in here. Um, DJ 19, DJ Tomo, I think DJ Yoshitaka was one of the ones that
was on the 10th Style remix album also.
I'm glad to see Ryu doing something other than happy hardcore.
Yeah, his new song isn't as great as they were in 10th Style.
I like it. I forget what his song was, though, but it wasn't...
It'd be quiet.
Be quiet? I love that song! That's awesome!
of that uh...
god uh... ice can't understand what the fuck paul terry is saying
and he sucks again
she said
you know i'm sorry she's only good with uh... mom i'm i'm
what's-her-name
you
any issues out of key as usual well you know it's really weird because like
anything
that one mix that you
found no key
well no okay the only stuff i've heard of
paul terry's good with that
trans artist I found orbitribe that's that's it yeah yeah the only like I
don't know what it is maybe like I know maybe Naoki has like some well you know
now he sounds like real key like oh my god I think what do though fucking have
you heard have you heard red zone have you heard it if you know no it's how I'm
attached and Naoki and it sounds like some really old DDR song that's Naoki I
mean he needs to just go under another alias and just stay under that alias and
ever, ever, ever go back to Naoki again. Because, honestly, this, I mean, I, you know, I like
Yuru, no, I don't like Yuru Bean, I'm not gonna try to lie there. You know, stuff like
Be For You, Brilliant To You and stuff, that was good back then.
That's what Red Zone sounds like. Stop making the same damn song over and over
and telling it something different. I think it's really funny that Red Zone sounds
like that, but he's in collaboration with a new sound producer. Um, Slake is no longer
sound producer on this apparently he's got three songs in the mix already but
yeah I was like all the artists that are no longer with the mix this current mix
right now we will not be seeing mr. T tak show you to Rohrata huh god I'm
forgetting there's there was a ton of them that just that aren't in there at
least aren't in there yet. Now, was any of the artists that, what was it, from like,
I think it was, god, I think it was from like 9th Style, the ones that, was it the, I still
haven't seen any, the musicianship trials, are they back, you mean? I haven't seen any
of them, but they have new, there were people who won stuff from the new Bamani Vocal Audition
earlier this year. There's this new chick in there, I forget her name, but she has two
songs with Naoki. One of them is Taio, and the other one is D-A-N-C-E.
Man, what the hell is up with a guy being in B4U? That's what I want to know.
I mean, you gotta either feel sorry for him, or he's the luckiest bastard in the world.
What are you talking about? There is a guy in the group B4U.
There is not a guy in B4U. There is a guy. I swear to God it's a guy.
You want me to point it out?
Show me the guy!
Show me the guy!
I want to see this!
There were five people that won the Bimani Vocal Audition.
Three of them are now members of B4U.
One of them was the chick that has the two songs from 2DX right now and another one is a guy.
He has not had any songs that I know of yet.
Where are you going?
Yeah, okay.
Doo doo doo doo doo.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
Doo doo doo doo.
Okay.
Are you trying to find the...
This is your high quality radio right here.
No, no, go to Konami...
You talk, I'll get there.
You're listening to Ferret Lounge Radio.
video
how about this we're gonna break when we come back from break we can finish this
discussion
what what what what what what what what what what
you suck
we're gonna go to a break uh... in this break we're gonna hear some music from 2DX
a red
we're gonna hear
AA
i know a lot of you guys are all
over AA
DJ Amaro we're also gonna hear B4U
It's Key S.A. Key, I believe is the name of the song, by B4U,
and the new Orange Lounge song.
And I'm going to try and say this is my French accent.
Les fillets, bon accs.
Let me read it all day.
Yeah, Shark Scrolls is going to be gone.
I know French.
Let me read it.
We'll try to get it over here after the break.
OK, we're going to go to this break.
We will be right back.
Have a good one.
To be continued
I can't let you out, I can't let you see
For the best part of Orange Lab, this PDF sucks!
Holla!
Stop!
Stop!
Hello, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. You know, we have several of those...
Yay, Step Squad!
We have several of those little...
I love everyone!
Step Squad!
We have several little DDL factions in house. We have representation from RTF, we have representation
from Step Squad, and we have representation from the Nobodies. Thank you.
Alright, shark skull, big fat nobodies, BFN for life, they're real!
I'm representing Heaven's Gate, I just forgot to drink the Kool-Aid.
I think a new DDR squad has just been born.
BFN, big fat nothing, is this our gang sign, what is this, why do we keep doing this, I
don't know.
ETERGEO!
Hey, Navi, want to be in BFN? Yeah! Yeah! Alright. Actually, BFN should be that. A big fat nothing.
Okay. We'll be taking applications a little later. Alright. That's BFL. That's a little different.
Of course, a few people said I was in the GFR squad, but I...
Anyway, so, speaking of GFR, did you get this guy in B4U situation sorted out?
Yes, yes, yes, it's not B4U, but he's just some ugly guy that's in a picture with B4U
people, so.
Anyways, there's this guy named Reija Sakurai, and looks like, I don't know, he's going to
be singing something for some baumanni game. Poor bastard.
He could very well be in the... And he'll be giving head at Bellfire.
I know. I wouldn't be surprised if he's in one of the CS songs for popin' music.
I don't know. I'd like to segue for about 30 seconds here
to give you your In The Groove update. Because everybody, I don't know.
Halloween to celebrate Halloween they have an unlocked song Anubis the god of
death whoo and Florida if as if you need another reason not to go to Florida just
got in the group that's all
what about a Florida city well I just because I'm just because I'm going to be
you know not an hour away from Pensacola I'm I mean at the end of the month I'm
gonna be an hour away from Pensacola so and that ladies and gentlemen was your
in the groove update okay we're so mean to them I I mean seriously there's a
point where I I feel bad because I did give a review and there are some good
things about the game some very few but some all right all right yeah it's not
DDR King all right anyway we actually have a special guest somebody actually
messaged me on Skype and said that they wanted to come in and talk to us for
just a second this is a very special guest and someone I know at least one
person in this room is going to get a kick out of this so I'm actually going
to give them a buzz right now see if we get them online here hello hi is this
Travis. Travis. Who? You know Travis. Yes. Hi. Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm good. How are
you guys? Good. I thought maybe you'd want to say hello because this is the first time
Iguana Girl and I have been on the air together since Under Station Live. And with everything
that's happened in the last couple weeks, this is proof, Armageddon is here. That's
Travis, I miss you, I love you!
And you're looking good, baby.
He's stalking you on our webcam right now. Hey, hey, 40 pounds lost, baby.
Looking good. Put your pants back on, Travis, please.
I don't think Jenna would like that. I know. I like doing it in my pants.
Alright, Travis, do you have anything you want to plug?
oh geez is this is this okay I'm off the air no I'm just I'm just asking the
logical follow-up questions or anything no the logical follow-up question would
be what does he want to plug your button I really have nothing to plug nothing to
plug we already plugged you that's not the first time that happened what thank
Thank you. What's going on with Under Station Live?
Not a damn thing. Well, that's why I wanted to give you a chance
to plug it, so folks can go listen to it. Why?
We don't even listen to it. We don't even do the show.
You don't do the show anymore? Well, if that's what you call wasting a Saturday...
I thought that's what you... That's what we always used to do!
I know, what's changed since Jessica and I were on there?
a baby. Aw. Kira. How is the baby doing? She's a little shit. I bet she makes a lot of little
shits too. No, she makes big shits. Have fun. Big, stinky, chunky shits. Are you going to
get her to play DDR? Oh, in your wildest dreams, meat boy. I had to ask. I still love that,
I still love that Too Unlimited video you did.
I actually just watched it just the other day, again.
I had been working on others, but my job, fortunately, takes so much time away from
me, I don't even have time to sit down and update my life journal.
Yeah, we noticed.
Thank you.
How are things on the left coast?
Left as always.
It's good.
I don't know, sunny, I don't know, rainy, angry, sad, sad, mad, well actually, let me
ask Rob this, how do you feel about yourself, you Rob, running for public office?
I've contemplated it, I seriously have, but I just don't think, because kids don't vote,
the youth doesn't vote, I think if I were to run, I would have to get the youth vote
connection and in this area which has a bunch of retired citizens that ain't
gonna happen I've given it serious thought in the
past though well have I got news for you what's that all right is everybody
sitting down okay everybody got their towel okay don't forget you're down I
have an announcement mmm what's this as I talk really close to the mic okay well
We can hear you just fine.
Okay, so, Rich, shut up.
Shh.
Shh.
Seeing what has happened in the last two weeks with the election,
a country divided, one side against another,
people burning down houses, cars, accosting people,
half the country likes one person,
half the country likes the other person,
I've decided to take a stand.
I, Travis Donovan, officially announce my candidacy for President of the United States in 2008.
Travis, wait, wait, wait, wait, Travis.
Hang on, make me stop the music.
You're not going to be 35 by then.
You have to be 35 at the time of the inauguration.
Mm-mm.
Birth certificates can be altered by a month.
I have decided I am running for president, and if that doesn't work, I'm running for
governor of Texas in 06.
Thank you, thank you, hang on, hang on, I got my crowd here too.
There we go.
Well, you do realize what this means.
Now I have to run.
Far, far away.
Damn it.
I just put that whole rant in my live journal about how I wasn't going to move to Canada,
but now I'm reconsidering.
Well, I have two propositions for you on that.
Are you going to legalize gay marriage?
Let's not go there yet.
Because after all, after all, I'm the working man for the working people.
All right.
I work.
thank you
now here's my proposition for iraq
i'm running for president alright
i'm gonna need
a vice presidential candidate
you're it rob
i'm sorry there but wait a minute you're a public and i'm a democrat could that
ever possibly work
yeah i'm your point
we'll find out all right
this is a perfect opportunity like i've been ranting about in my life to throw
away the stupid bipartisan bullshit. That's right. Travis and I can come together.
Advance in the party mindset. But, but, but, but, but.
We can come on each other, we can come together. Now, you're making a Guana girl sad because
she doesn't know what she's going to do. She doesn't get to be Vice President. What can
she do? Let's fire Condoleezza Rice and put Jess in
there. No.
No? No.
What does she get to do? Because I, I don't want to do.
I get to stand around and have big boobs?
No, I...
Secretary of Big Boobs, there's an idea.
No, I actually gave that some thought. Jess can be Secretary of, uh, Agriculture.
So long as I get to play with the cows!
You have to be the Secretary of Agriculture, eh heh!
Because I figure if you want a
woman who PMS's as far down on the chain of succession as possible...
I haven't calmed down at all I'm just zoning you Travis now great you just
lost us a boat way to go way to go Travis I didn't say everybody was gonna
like us I'm honest and upfront about it I'm gonna be plain spoken for the plain
spoken people I will have no problem telling candidates to shut the fuck up I
I will have no problems pointing out that my running mate is gay.
I don't need the other candidates to tell me this. I've known this.
I'm here!
Just like, what was the point of John Kerry pointing out to Dick Cheney that his daughter was gay?
No shit, I think he knows.
Actually, that was some words that did that, but yeah.
Were you expecting him to have a revelation and a heart attack right then and there, going,
JESUS, HE'S GAY!
I don't think so.
But...
I'm seriously considering this. It's a grassroots campaign. It's a third-party kind of thing.
Well, we have to come up with a name for the third party.
The People's Party!
The People's Party!
I like that.
And if anybody can access the social...
The Social Party!
The House.
It could be the house party.
Travis and Rob's house party, all at once!
I like it.
Totally live!
Well, we're going to have to get my people in touch with your people, and people things.
I don't see that happening.
You think I'm all crazy because I live out here in Texas because, oh, I'm sorry, as people
have pointed out in this last week, I'm a redneck because I live in Texas.
Well, no.
I don't think you're a redneck, maybe a...
And as people pointed out, now it's time for the South to secede.
Yes, the rest of us are going to form the United States of Canada, hahaha, you're right.
Well, this is my second condition.
If you're serious about going to Canada, along with all these other people who want to leave
the country...
Of which I am not.
I would never leave to Canada.
If you were to sign a legal binding document that you will get your ass out and never come
I will personally start donating to the U-Haul truck to get you the fuck out.
And I will use big bills.
As I've said before, just because the guy I did not vote for and did not want to win won,
that does not mean I hide my tail behind my legs and go to Canada.
That just means I have to yell a little louder.
No, you just sit there and bitch and whine.
Exactly! That's what we do! It's the American way!
Damn straight! America, fuck yeah!
Exactly. Exactly.
No, but my question was, did you...
Sorry.
Did you expect, Rob, on the next day, Wednesday, to see a big gloating thing in my LiveJournal?
Actually, no.
Why?
Because I think everybody knows that kind of stuff's in poor taste.
Obviously not a lot of people in LiveJournal did.
i didn't really feel a lot of gloating i mean if anybody i'm not going to be
holding
most of the people i knew if they go out and i could have said well california
went blue so you know but you know
but i mean it doesn't matter i mean
it happened so only half a california went blue
uh... fifty five percent went blue get it right
that's half of california only forty four percent
anyway yeah discount the uh... over four million popular vote
anyway
but anyway what
now we are just get along
tell y'all to get along
no other get about but i have a look at let's just have a bipartisan orgy and be
done with it you know no
get rid of it
get rid of
the electoral college in parties on those stupid
no military college is not stupid i've had this debate with with you guys back
in two thousand and i'm gonna have it over and over again
it gives the small counties with the sluts population right back when i had
a debate on this show we have stupid
12 year old games to be talking about, okay? Speaking of stupid 12 year old games, are
you going to be on Halo 2? Of course. I get to, I get to frag a fag, I get to frag a fag.
Yeah, most people in Texas would be, you know, happy about that. Anyway, no I'm kidding.
Oh come on, it's been four years since we lynched a queer. I accept, I accept your challenge
Mr. Donovan. Well, you better, Mr. Roberts. And then when I kill you, I'm going to say,
ha ha, you got your ass kicked by a fag. Just like I do to the little hecklers that try
to challenge me on ER. And then at that point, I run over you in the warthog. And then we
put Jenna's ten-year-old nephew on, and he kicks both our asses, which he does on a regular
basis. Alright. Which is scary. Alright, we gotta cut it short, because we gotta get to
the bit that we stole from usl okay what bit uh the match game you copyright stealing motherfucking
i wouldn't have been copywritten before yeah you stole it copywritten and trademarked
but i stole it like 100th time down the line it's homage imitation is the finest form of flattery
Love you Travis. Yeah, whatever. Bye. Bye. Bye Travis. That was nice to have him on the
show. Yay, Travis. That's exciting. I've never been asked to be a vice presidential candidate
before. I've been asked to be somebody's maid of honor, but never the vice presidential
candidate. That's going to be amazing. I'm excited. Alright, we are going to open it
up for Match Game in just a minute. However, we had one other person that wanted to talk
to us in the studio. Yes, we're going to make another call, believe it or not. So let's
go ahead and make that call right now.
Oh, there we go. Yay.
One ringy tingy.
Hello?
Hi, is this Shane?
Yeah.
We can barely hear you. Can you talk louder or something?
Is this loud?
Somewhat. We can like barely, barely hear you. What's up?
That sucks. Nothing. Can't yell.
Oh, okay. Well, what's up? You wanted to say hello to some folks here, or what's up?
Yeah, hi everybody.
Hi.
How's it going for you?
I'm sick.
You're sick? Oh, another sick person. Great.
Yeah.
What are you sick with?
Well, I'm puking. I'm not sure.
Oh. Well, unfortunately the volume is so low that it's hard for us to hear you right now,
Anything you wanted to say since we called you?
I want to say that everybody needs to buy Karaoke Revolution for Xbox this week so Halo
2 doesn't take out all the sales, because I don't want to keep filling Halo 2 this week.
And watch Drawn Together on Comedy Central because it's funny, and that's it.
Is there any UltraMix 2 songs you're looking forward to?
Yeah, but I can't say them.
Oh, I thought he was going to say Baille La Samba.
Oh, well I already said that last time.
Alright.
Okay, Baille La Samba.
We'll play Baille La Samba just for you a little later.
Okay, cool.
Alright, well I'm sorry, we're going to have to let you go because it's too quiet, but you have a good one, okay?
Okay, you too.
Everyone say bye, Shane!
Bye!
Come back to California, you bum!
Alright, I hope you heard that.
that. They said, come back to California, you bum, and play Final Fantasy. I think you
already hung up. Oh well. Hopefully he hears that when it comes through a little later.
All right. Let's see. What we're going to do now, should we get into match game? You
guys want to take a quick break? All right, let's go get into match game. I got to find
the match game music though. How about a one song break? We want to do like just a quick
little break while we set up. That would be good. A quick one song break. You know, everybody's
been wanting to hear music last time you did you find that match game music for
us and in this break I know there was another ultra mix to be rare song the
folks wanted to hear so let's see if we can find that for the folks out there
what was the song that I wanted to play for people it's called set people on
fire I don't remember what was it oh it's by
la samba since we just talked to Shane of course we're gonna play this one we'll
We'll be back right after this. It's Bylela Samba from DDR Ultramix 2. We'll be back.
That's my mama, and I count my five
Five days, that's my five days
And that's where I'm gonna be going
And you for her soul, finally a summer
And I'll come your way, finally, finally
We are back here on Orange Launch Radio, we're going to get into the Mani Match Game, pretty
soon here we're just trying to get the files copied over that we need all right
so the way this works we're gonna open up the skype line in just a minute and
just as a reminder there's a little bit of a buffer so you're gonna want to
watch for the little icon to turn to green because that's really the moment
when we're starting to take calls so the first person through will get to play
match game tonight and you get to challenge somebody in the room but not
one of the hosts you have to challenge a guest because that's the rule that I
I just made up. That was very is it of you.
Thank you. Cake or death. So you get to challenge one of the guests and all the other guests
will be answering questions. So the way match game works, we have a little statement that
we read and the statement has a blank in it. And then you have to fill in the blank. You
want to try and match as many other people in the room on the blank as you can. We're
going to make it a quick game tonight because Sharks Girl and Float Walk unfortunately have
to get out of here pretty soon. So we have to kind of make it a quick game. It's going
be a three question game tonight. It's like Mad Libs Only Not. Yes, it's like Mad Libs
Only Not. Very good. So, let's find ourselves some match game music here. It's not the same
match game theme, but it's good. Price is Right Car Music. A new car! You've won a Geo
Metro. Alright. Oh! Let's see what happens when we open it up and get a collar. And it
remember if we can't hear you very well
we are going to have to boot you and get somebody else so the skype line is open
and let's see who we get
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
john fields hi john how you doing
hey
yes
you dropping out a little bit
okay he's he's got to cancel the porn torrents
to get it working oh
i think he disconnected no here you are hello
i'm here okay he's here we got a contestant
so i'm gonna put a bus back and do not disturb mode
uh... my right so john the first question is
who do you want to challenge tonight let me let me go down the candidates one
more time john you ready
for a walk
sharks girl
islander
iguana girl
navi
arkadian forty-two who's gonna be
let's try and
navi
uh...
all right i think it is good and i think that john knows that you suck at these
little games so you remember you all right that's all right let's let's have
ourselves a little match here okay guys ready all right let me get that blue
green the music back that's right everybody it's time to play a money
match day tonight's contestants on the skype line
And in studio, he'll be playing against Nabi, the pop and music whore.
And let's meet tonight's celebrities.
First off, she's fabulous, she's beautiful, she's very angry.
It's Dark Zebra.
Next stop down the line.
line. He's fresh, he's cool, he's silent, he's blow-walk.
I don't know who else are you expecting.
Next up, she's lovely, she loves her sharks, and she speaks French.
And has a nice tongue that speaks French. No, I'm kidding.
Well, you know what they say about French. It's sharks, girl!
What the hell happened to my hockey favorite?
Good question.
Next up, he's here. He's over there and he likes boobies. It's the Islander.
Alright, our next celebrity. She's the future state of agriculture head.
Official candidate 2008 and part-time DDR Forum goddess. It's the Border Girl.
And also, he's there, but you may not be able to hear him, it's Arcadia42!
Can you hear me?
Also on the show tonight, the angry, the racist, the Loki!
Who may watch? Shame on you. Fool me twice. A fool can't be fooled twice.
And, uh, me.
Skype.
We need Mr. Spanky!
You want me to play as Mr. Spanky tonight?
We need Mr. Spanky!
Hello everybody!
Oh boy.
This is Mr. Spanky.
Everybody's favorite DDRPC character.
Now I know that you guys want to see me in UltraMix 2.
So this is what you gotta do.
You got to send a private message to order of chaos on VDR free could say
Thank you in 2004 and also vote for my cousin South hero, okay
All right, so mr. Spanky playing tonight as well sounds like some tough some tough celebrities you got to win over tonight John you up
for it
I'm up for it. All right, here we go. You ready for question number one? Sure. All right, here it is question number one
Rob was so excited to be going to GameStop to get his copy of karaoke revolution
Volume 3 on this lovely Monday night at the halo 2 presale
But when he took the game to the counter the clerk looked at the game
He was trying he was buying and said you're buying karaoke revolution instead of halo 2
karaoke revolution must be really blank
really right we gotta let the celebrities think about it John hold on
he looked at the game he was buying and said you're buying karaoke revolution
instead of Halo 2, Karaoke Revolution must be really blank.
The celebrities are writing their answers.
Have all the celebrities dinged in.
Raise your hand if you're dinged.
Still thinking, Sharks Girl?
Oh, okay.
You got it, Sharks Girl?
okay
you got it
right
all right she's got it here we go
we're gonna have navi go first your competition tonight let's see uh... navi
rob was so excited to be going to gamestop to get his copy of karaoke revolution volume
3 on this lovely monday night at the halo 2 pre-sale but
When he took the game to the counter, the clerk looked at the game he was buying and
said, you're buying Karaoke Revolution instead of Halo 2, Karaoke Revolution must be really
hot.
Hot!
All right, John, what do you think?
Karaoke Revolution must be really?
A huge slipper.
Huge what?
Sleeper.
Huge sleeper, like a sleeper hit, you know those games that are really underground?
All right, neither answer perverted in the slightest, we'll see if that pays off or not.
Let's see, we got hot and big sleeper.
dark sakura karaoke revolution must be really
super
not a match sorry
uh... floatwalk
karaoke revolution must be very
well since it's microsoft it must be green with envy
ooh green with envy interesting alright
uh... sharks girl but not a match
sharks girl karaoke revolution must be very
i've been playing way too much katamari damacy and playing the pisces one so it
must be really fresh
fresh
Islander karaoke revolution must be really
neato
neato not a match sorry guys
iguana girl karaoke revolution must be really
hetero
hetero
oooh going for a little bit of that reverse psychology there like it but not a match
Arcadian
I distinctly heard full of
before that so I say porn
full of porn
full of porn
I hope not
but we'll see on Tuesday alright not a match
That's close to hot, but not close enough.
Loki must be very gay.
I think he went for the obvious one.
I was going to put gay people, I'm like, no wait, that's what the question was the other
way around.
I said karaoke must be very much for people into water sports because the box is yellow.
It's all tied up with a big nothing.
Let's go to the next question, shall we?
You ready, John?
Yep.
All right, here we go.
All right.
Dark Sacro was all excited to be getting a really expensive present for Christmas this
year.
She was really excited to see a big package come from an Orange Lounge radio fan, but
When she tore off the wrapping paper, she started burninating the Christmas decorations
in a fit of rage when she saw that they had bought her a blank.
The celebrities are currently thinking of their answers when they saw that they had
bought her a
all right everybody everybody dig in okay yeah all right here we go all right
John's gonna start us off this time you ready John yep all right
dark Sakura was all excited to be getting a really expensive present for
Christmas this year she was really excited to see a big package come from
an orange lounge radio fan when she tore off the wrapping paper she started
burninating the Christmas decorations in a fit of rage when she saw that they had
bought her a flamethrower a flamethrower oh cuz that's why somebody would burn
innate very logical will logic pay off probably not but we'll see the Navi
started burning when they saw they had bought her a Foreman grill a Foreman
grill I got one of this for Christmas one all right started burninating the
steak let's see dark sacra what did you start you started burninating when they
bought you a King of all cosmos package King of all cosmos package I see okay
very nice that it would be a large package good flow lock bought her a
a paula terry poster paula terry poster oh not a match excuse me I'm gonna go be
violently ill sharks girl a box of ferret poison a box of ferret poison
Aw, I made her cry.
Uh, Islander, a bo- uh, what? A blank.
A bag of boogers.
A bag of boogers!
Dear Dark Sakura,
I'm your number one fan.
I pick these just for you.
Sadly enough, I could see that happening with some of our listeners.
Uh, I'm just kidding. Love you guys.
Uh, I'm your number one pick every time.
Iguana Girl.
I-ironically, mine's actually along the same vein.
Okay. Huge piles of feces!
Huge piles of feces!
Not a match.
Alright, uh, Arcadian, we're looking for, I forgot the answers now already, what do you think you want?
A big package
with a karaoke machine
of Politary's greatest hits. Oh, a karaoke machine of Politary's greatest hits.
Chirp, chirp.
Loki. No, it's sad that no one got Jamie's because mine was the king of the cosmos, Severed
Cock. That would be a big package. Mine's somewhat similar. I said that she burninated
everything when she saw that the present was a dildo modeled after Naoki.
How would I find it? Let's move on. All right. Very nice. All right.
all tied up 0-0. John, you gonna break this tie? We'll see. Navi, you gonna break this
tie? Maybe. Alright, we'll see. Here we go. Question number three. We here at Orange Lounge
Radio have become very concerned about Loki. When haven't we? But here we go. We've been
very concerned about Loki. He's been playing a lot of Grand Theft Auto this week. And he
started to blur the line between San Andreas in real life.
The other co-hosts got very concerned of this when Loki went around and blank.
The other co-hosts got very concerned that
Loki was taking Grand Theft Auto a little too seriously when Loki went around and blanked.
celebrities are currently thinking. Please wait.
All right. Well, let's see. Are we gonna get a winner? We'll find out. Anybody still
working? All right. Here we go. All right. It all comes down to this. We here at
Orange Lounge Radio. I've become very concerned about Loki. He's been playing a lot of Grand
Theft Auto this week, and he's starting to blur the line between San Andreas and Real
Life. The other co-host got very concerned at this when Loki went around and... Navi?
Bustin' a cap on yo ass! Bustin' a cap on yo ass! Let's see. John, the other co-host
got very concerned at this when Loki went around and... Hurt other people. Hurt other
people. Alright. Not very specific, but we'll see. Sometimes our guests can't be very specific.
find out. DarkSakura, you became concerned of this when-
He was saying it before I was still writing. Oh, I'm sorry.
In the outfit of some stereotypical thug and tried to jack a plane, crash into the ocean,
steal a semi and listen to the light at them while shooting at people.
Very descriptive. I like that, but not a match. Shooting at people.
All right. Well, but it's a little too much. But it doesn't necessarily mean I hit them,
therefore not hurting them. All right.
Uh, Flow-Walk.
Uh, chase them with the purple dildo. Chase them with the purple dildo!
Not a match.
Starscroll.
Jumped out of a plane screaming, it's a mile drop, I'll live!
This is true, this is true.
Islander.
When he said, bitch, I'm gonna kill you!
Bitch, I'm gonna kill you! Very close to capping your ass, but not quite.
Iguana Girl. That was boring. Hijacked a helicopter.
Hijacked a helicopter.
You know, that would have been exciting if Loki really did that, but I don't think I would have been concerned.
I would have been, you know how to fly a helicopter? We'll see.
Alright, Arkadian.
Ran over pedestrians.
Ran over pedestrians.
He does that anyway.
Not a match, he does that anyway.
Uh, Loki.
I would have figured that would have been a match, actually.
Alright, let's see here.
Shooting the po-po and pipping crack hoes to make some fat scratch.
Wow.
Lovely.
Lovely.
Uh, and my answer was, uh, the other co-hosts got very concerned in this one, Loki went
around and, uh, killed Dark Sacro with his Pip-Cane.
I got a ferret thrown at me for that one.
Alright, well, let's review the scores, boys and girls.
Let's look at how our contestants did tonight.
Let's look at the final scores.
And then in second place is Nabby with zero points.
And a tie for second place is John Fields with zero points.
Congratulations John and Nabby,
you are our big losers tonight.
So Nabby, you get a frown, a collective frown
from those of us in studio, ready?
Alright, and John, do you know what you get for your score tonight?
A frown from the chat room.
No, you get hung up on.
Aww, what a good sport, alright, he tried, they always fall for it, I hang up on them
every time, they always fall for it.
Alright, alright, no, thanks seriously for playing John Fields, it was a good time.
Too bad about the, you know, no answers or anything, but no, it happens.
Anyway, I guess, um, Sarkskull and Floatwalk are going to have to be leaving us soon because
I got a long drive home. But, you know, I quickly wanted to ask Floor Walk and Sharks
Girl just some, you know, general questions. Floor Walk, anything, I guess I should ask
you about the Ultramix 2. I know there's a lot of things you can and can't say. You did
mention that you're working somewhere else now, but you still have to follow the NDA
or they come after you with their PIP canes, right?
Eh, for what it's worth. For what it's worth. But I want to ask you,
Can you tell us anything about the release date?
Because that's kind of a big question mark right now, do we know?
Last I checked, it's roughly going to be around like November 18th I think it was, because actually it was
I was hanging out with Jason Enos last night, so he gave us kind of a scoop on why there were delays and all that kind of stuff
And it's actually pretty funny, but only people who were in the test group would appreciate such bumblings I guess
For like a better term
You know what, I was starting to get a little nervous there
That we were going to have to wait for Christmas to see UltraMix 2
But it's good to know that it looks like it's still on target, anyway.
Yeah, it's looking to be pretty good.
I mean, right now, things are pretty happy in the DDR camp.
Xtreme sales have actually, well, what Jason did was he was comparing Max2 sales along
with Xtreme, how they've been doing week by week, and Xtreme's been doing a good, like,
up to around 33% better than what Max2 has been doing.
Very nice!
So they're looking, even projecting around holiday season, they're probably going to
be jumping Max2 figures by about 40%.
So, you know, things are going well for that. Max 2 has almost hit 500,000 units.
Very nice.
So, you know, I mean, who knows? It could be a greatest hit someday, but...
Interesting. Interesting. So, what do you think? Now, I know you're not there anymore, so you can't really say one way or the other because you don't know,
but what do you think the chances are we're going to see some kind of Xtreme 2 next year?
Well, it's pretty safe to say. I mean, if it's a profitable franchise, you just keep milking it for what it's worth.
It's, I mean, good thing about DDR is even though the gameplay is pretty, you know, basic,
it's always progressive with its music, so the music will always drive sales and, you
know, people to try new titles.
Oh, yeah, okay. Hopefully if there is an Xtreme 2, they'll have the sense of humor to make
it purple.
That would be very funny. You gotta let Jason know that from Orange Launch Radio, that we
want to make Xtreme 2 purple, if it happens, if it is Xtreme 2.
Now some interesting news has been going around about Ultramix 2 is the song packs, they did
say on The Freak that there's going to be what, 7 through 12 I think they said?
Uh, yeah.
What's going to happen?
Maybe every month, every other month, we don't really know?
I'll just say I wouldn't be surprised if they spaced them out a little longer than once
a month.
Okay.
Yeah.
Alright, well we're definitely looking at this.
From what I've seen, there's definitely some very interesting choices, like things that
the hardcore Bimani people would be very uh...
Oh, so you know about some of the stuff that's coming up?
Dude, I know everything.
Oh, oh, sorry.
Oh, watch out.
All right.
Yeah.
All right, anything else you want to share we
should be looking forward to from the world of Konami?
It's kind of hard to say because, I mean,
for all intents and purposes, everything's been released out
for this fall.
Probably the last game that's going to be pretty big
for those who are into the RPGs 2 and 4 will
be coming out early January.
Cool. I got to play a demo with that, actually. It was pretty fun.
Yeah, I mean, the only cool thing is, you know, I'll get to see my writing in there.
Oh, very cool.
Yeah, because me and another guy had actually helped do some translation or, like, rewriting for that project itself.
Great.
Yeah, that's the main stuff from Konami for now. I mean...
Now, are you going to come back after Ultramix 2 is released?
Are you going to come back to the show and kind of, you know, fill us in on how this happened and this...
because now, you know, all the information will be out there. You get to tell us a little
bit more about how it all happened, or?
Oh, definitely. I mean, I'd be more than willing to, you know, come up here and talk about
stories of, you know, like, songs and, like, who got to do this. I mean, you'll probably
find out who did what steps and then, like, what caused us to think, you know, why we
did that pattern and all that kind of stuff. There are definitely some interesting stories,
and you'd be surprised at, like, some of the songs that people like on the V-Rays and stuff,
but there were actually some testers who did not want to touch certain songs whatsoever.
We're gonna have to hear about that.
There's plenty of interesting gossip that will go down afterwards.
Now if I'm not mistaken though, there's still about half the song list we don't even know yet still.
Oh yeah, there's some things that people don't know about and there's a lot of funny things too.
Although it kind of sucked in a way that the viewer had more or less spoiled some of the things we wanted to keep really top secret.
You know what though? When you stop giving clues, we have nothing to do, so...
And, you know, I mean, GameStop employees can't be quiet to save their lives.
Are they ever gonna, you know, tell us, give us more clues, give us a song list here?
Probably not, because we're only about ten days out.
Nah, it just ain't happening.
You're no fun. That's all right.
Actually, I mean, it's, um, upper management has been really stressed out from UltraMix II,
Ultramix 2, just trying to basically get it in before, you know, I mean our target date was actually probably the second week, basically around the same time Halo 2 was supposed to come out, you know, 11th we were looking at, but it got pushed back, but I mean, just kind of stuff happens in the business.
So, you know, and it's also interesting because we've heard that some things change with Ultramix 2 as well, some song-less changes happen, some things behind the scenes, so, you know, maybe they had to go back and do something else.
Yeah, I mean it's not uncommon to have one song one minute and then like a couple versions later
Yeah, we decided not to have it. I mean people, you know, I think I mentioned one time about Dancing Stage Unleashed
You know there was supposed to be
You know like a certain song and then which is actually slated for was supposed to be for the US Max
So I think those grooves into heart. Yeah, okay
Yeah, it was supposed to be on US Max II but just never made it for one reason or another and I mean, of course
You're probably never gonna hear from me about what songs didn't make it and it would actually
Actually, sad part is I do have one to tell, but it just breaks my heart to even think
about it.
Oh, wow.
It was really good, folks.
Wow.
Oh, yeah, you got me all...
You're gonna have to...
Now, see, in a year, nobody will care, so y'all have to tell us in a year.
Unless someone shoots me up with some, like, sodium pentothal or something like that.
I think we can arrange that.
All right.
Well, thanks for coming by, Mel.
You're welcome back anytime, of course.
Oh, always.
It's always a blast up here.
And good luck with Spot.
Let us know when Spot relaunches.
Yeah, I'll definitely drop you a line probably in the next Orange Lounge chat or whatever,
Then we'll probably announce what our contest will be in DDR Spot for the Kira CDs.
I mean, one will probably be, just to kind of give a teaser to people, it'll probably
involve something about fan art dealing with Silent Hill 4.
Ooh, get your pens ready.
So we'll have like some kind of certain theme plotted out and then see what people can do
with it.
And kind of off topic, my own personal plug, I'm going to be selling a Silent Hill 4 stand
up display.
If anyone wants it, uh, I'll be putting it somewhere on someplace and I'll sell it or
whatever.
I'll probably post it on to LiveJournal, um, Silent Hill Forum.
Alright, Vanessa.
Sharks Girl?
Yeah?
I just, I didn't want to neglect you, you're sitting there and you look kinda, you know,
bored.
No, I'm kidding.
No, I just feel kinda hot, so.
It is kinda hot in here, but I, any exciting plans?
Any exciting plans for the next few weeks for you?
Try not to murder my fellow co-workers that I can't stand.
Try not to walk out on my job because I really need money. That's about it.
Well, I want to come down now. We're going to have a Dave & Buster's Play Day pretty soon.
And we can harass a new friend of mine who works there.
Yay, harassment! I like that idea.
Harassment is fun.
And what else am I going to ask you? How's hockey going?
Oh, God.
Does it look like it might get better?
No. They're being stupid morons. The players are being idiots.
It's from what I hear from friends who actually have contacts in the upper level of sharks
management, the owners are willing to negotiate and work on it and the players aren't.
They're saying we want what we want, too damn bad, so from what I hear the sharks are planning
that there won't be a season this year, which pisses me off, but it saves my wallet, so
you know hey.
I guess there's a bright side.
So yeah, it could be all bad.
Well if there is a season, like a partial season, like they ended up doing with baseball
or something. Hope your Sharks can win it. Hey, we're undefeated! Woo! Nothing, nothing.
We rule. It's just like our match game tonight. Very good. Alright. Are you guys sticking
around? Are you guys going to be taken off too, or? Okay, because I want to talk to WannaGirl
when we get back about a promotion she got recently. I want to talk to her about what's
going on with the Freaks, so we'll talk about that when we get back. So we are going to
another break. How about some more 2DX Red stuff? Navi, as our kind of resident whore
who knows a little bit more about this stuff, why don't you pick some songs for us that
you want our chat room to hear? Which one? What's the... Okay, we're going to hear Horizon
and what else do you want to hear? We're going to hear Death Disco, Texture. I'm sorry, it's
Lake with texture.
I can't seriously think about calling in tomorrow, but you know, hey.
Someday, someday we're going to bring the show over there to your neck of the woods.
We've got to someday. Someday when we have a three-day weekend.
Footwalk, any pre-emptive FUs you've got to get out for?
Oh man, well, I guess just FU2.
Just FU2, like game companies point out too many damn games and just, man,
basically for not giving me enough time to play everything
and FU2 on my new job, I was supposed to start Monday but
they said they couldn't start me till Wednesday and
whatever hurts my bank account really just makes it go FU
I hear that. Alright guys thanks for coming we'll see you later okay?
Almost definitely, the sooner the better. Have a good one. Here we go we're gonna go to break
we'll be back, show's not over yet though
we're just losing a couple people because they got a long drive but we got plenty of show
left we'll be back
You
Ain't no love to be free
But it's all me
But I know
There's no reason
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
It's server made a bit my dad number it's server made a bit my dad number
We are back here on orange lounge radio. We gotta get the cages by sharks girl. Bye for a walk. Have a good one
Thanks for coming. Um, they got a long drive back guys. So they're good sports for coming all the way down here to
Come on our show and eat Mongolian
Cuz Mongolians are yummy. We've got a whole lot of show laughs
We gotta get to the cage nice gotta get the F use of the week
But you know, we have we haven't really gotten it. There's so many guests here tonight
We haven't really gotten to talk to a lot of them, so I wanted to say hello to Iguana Girl real fast.
Hi.
And you just recently got a promotion over on that one DDR site I've heard of.
Yeah, yeah, that place. Yeah, yeah.
We adoringly call it The Freak.
Yeah.
The DDR Freak.
Yeah, it's not like a huge thing, but yeah, I'm the head administrator over at DDR Freak now, so...
But that doesn't mean you replaced J-Dog.
No, no, no, no, no. Basically...
King of all cosmos, aka Spike, has not been able to put the amount of time into the site
that he would want to, so he decided to step down and I was put into his place, so now
basically I'm helping out with the forums and keeping things hunky-dory on the forums
and whatnot.
It's a hell of an undertaking, I bet.
Yeah, we've got a lot of projects that we're working on right now and trying to get squared
away so so yeah it's a lot of stuff to do but I've got such a wonderful crew
that I'm working with I mean everybody's just fabulous to work with so includes
our very own dark side yes as well as Islanders and next to you over there yes
he's our staff members several folks listening tonight I'm fast but judging
from our chat so hi you guys thanks for listening tonight the exchange next be
in Sherlock yes of course Jason I know I saw Sherlock blue in there earlier this
is great thank you guys for listening and I know you probably can't say a
whole lot, but anything exciting coming to The Freak in the near future you might look
forward to?
Um, I can't really say anything about it right now.
Okay, that's fine.
There's a lot of stuff that's really up in the air, but don't be surprised if you start
seeing some changes around the site.
Ooh, that's always a good one to leave people with.
Yeah, yeah.
How did you get involved with that anyway?
Because you know, I remember that you and I, we had our first DDR experience together
Yes, October 2000, yeah.
And then about a year after that, we weren't talking to each other, then suddenly, suddenly
you were running up the corporate ladder, a DDR freak, out in the open.
What happened?
Well, I, you know, just through the site, I mean, back in the old boards, you know,
the green boards, as we, you know, affectionately call them, I started to get to know some people,
and Jamie and I were becoming really, really close friends, and what ended up happening
was she introduced me to some other people, which introduced me to some other people,
which ended up basically with me speaking with Sinan, with Pock Eye Kenobi, and he ended
up going in and we chatted and after some conversations and such, what was it, around
Miggle 2, the Milpitas Golf Land Tournament 2, was when he decided that, you know,
hey, let's make you a mod and blah, blah, blah.
I remember seeing the nomination thread and being so proud.
See, I never, I don't even remember any of that, but...
I was surprised because it was just, it was, you know, out of the blue for me, but...
Well, good job. Congratulations to you.
Yeah, that was August 2001.
Out of curiosity, now there have been several mods on DDRFreak that don't, you know, mod
anymore basically. How many of the mods that were there when you started are still there?
I know Jamie's one. Islander's one.
Yeah, well, no, he's staff now.
Oh, he's staff.
That was one of the projects that was undertaken.
My bad, my bad. Sorry guys, my bad.
One of my projects was getting a lot of the ineffective mods, unfortunately. Yeah, so,
We've moved a lot of people over to staff because there's still definitely a benefit
to the site, but they're not able to put the time towards the site.
Sort of recognize what they've done.
We still appreciate all of their input.
It's not like they are suddenly dumb because they're not mods or something like that.
We appreciate their input and we appreciate every bit of advice and instruction they can
give us and the like, but honestly, I can't think of too many people.
Somebody was mentioning that to me the other day, I thought that was kind of interesting.
Yeah, I think that there's Jamie and I'm trying to think.
J-Dog?
Well, J-Dog, he owns the site, so that doesn't really count.
Interesting, very interesting.
Um, what else do I want to ask you?
Okay, now, just between you and me, because nobody listens to this show, okay?
Which forum is the biggest bitch to handle?
Um, see, that's the funny thing, is everybody else...
Yeah, see, Mr. Islander is, you know, coffee gunner is with Random Chat,
but I don't mind Random Chat.
Random Chat's fun.
I like Random Chat. I mean, it's like the evolution.
I do too, but I refuse to get involved in political discussions.
You see, here's my problem. My most hated forum would be DDR chit-chat, because that's
where you get all of the newbies going, oh my god, DDR is so much fun, I love it, oh
my god! And yeah, I can't hang with that.
I'm going to tape that and send you a DDR Freak promo or something.
Yeah, I just can't hang with that. I can't deal with that every single day.
It's weird. You are the... DDR Freak is visited by gazillions of people. That's an official
record. Gazillions of people. How much do you play DDR anymore?
I don't. Unless you count Thumb Thumb Revolution, I have not played DDR in 2004.
How many of those mods actually play DDR? Quite a few.
Really? Surprisingly enough, actually it's about a
three-quarter split, I would imagine. So here's the logical follow-up question.
If you don't play DDR anymore, what the hell are you doing?
It's the community.
It's the community.
All of you dumb fucks out there, I love you to death!
I'm kidding.
You pissed me off, but I love you.
I love you, goodnight.
No, no, seriously.
That's what drew me to it, to begin with.
It was just like Rocky for me.
I started out with Rocky because it seemed like it was fun, I get to go dance and sing
and all that fun jazz and whatnot on stage.
stage, but what kept me there, despite everything else, was the community, the family that you
grow from it, and that's honestly been the best experience about DDR for me, was the
camaraderie that I've felt this big, huge, happy family that has all of its fucked up
drama from time to time.
I absolutely agree on this, especially with this little bastardist, cancerous community
we've created here on Orange Lounge. I just, I love it. And you know what though? One day,
Orange Lounge, not going to be able to just be Bemani anymore. I think someday we're going
to get, we're going to outgrow our shoes. We're going to have to grow to video gaming.
So, I'm looking forward to hopefully being able to work with some stuff, you know, now
that we're cool again. Especially being able to work with some stuff with DDR Freak and,
you know, because. And oh my God, maybe, Orange Lounge and DDR Freak Radio Crossovers? I didn't
say that I didn't say it but I'm not I'm not they're gonna I'm not they're gonna
confirm nor deny those reports we shall soon see it could be some interesting
things happening this November we'll see possibly possibly all right well Islander
I got I don't want to leave you out of the fun because we're talking about a
girl but how did you know you were one of the first people on DDR freak would
you? Yes. How did this whole damn phenomenon get started? Well, the story goes, there was
a group of guys that I saw playing DDR, you know, way back in the day at Milpitas Golf
Land, the first time I ever saw this machine, and I started noticing, I started seeing the
same people over and over again, like, i.e. Floatwalk, who was just here, at least, who
left actually, J-Dog, Pokai Kenobi, and we started talking to one another, and we started
seeing each other more and more and more. Next thing I know, Jason comes up with a website
with a huge long URL. It was something at Berkeley, at EDU, and da da da da da da da.
Sad thing is, I remember that site.
You remember that? It was, oh, it was horrible.
No, when I first... NS3 was the NS3 site that we came on board with.
Yeah, the NS3.net was next. And just kind of progressed from there, how quickly people caught on and how much people loved it.
And it's really amazing how much the site has really grown.
It is amazing. I mean, my god.
45,000 members.
How many hits a day?
I wouldn't even know what the stats are, to be honest, but let me put it this way, the
reason why we can't keep the video section up is the sheer amount of bandwidth that is
used would cost us probably a good $500 a month in hosting fees alone.
Now I got a good idea.
At least.
At least.
You guys should do one of those Winamp TV things for streaming videos.
Hmm.
You're kind of cute.
Maybe.
Just remember, I suggested it, okay?
I want my credit.
And a lot of people have suggested BitTorrent for it, but part of the problem with that
is A, we're talking about, you know, the common user here, and a lot of common users aren't
going to be able to figure out BitTorrent.
Yet.
At least right now.
Yeah.
At least for right now.
I mean, obviously, you know, things like IRC were foreign to people back in the day, but...
If you haven't guessed, DDR Freecast to cater to the lowest common denominator sometimes.
Yes, unfortunately.
I was in...
No, I'm going to be high school.
I wasn't going to name names, I was just going to say complete idiots, but you know.
Or, you know, as she said, the newbies, which I actually love!
Because that was one of my...
Some newbies are cute!
Well, no, because that was my...
That used to be... exactly.
If you go to the site, I am still listed as the DDR Amsobor.
Amsobor.
Ambassador, misspelled.
But anyway, because I loved going...
See, one of the things I loved to do way back when was I loved to go to various arcades, talk to people, get them interested,
And I just loved going around meeting people who played the game.
For example, when the Sacramento crew came down to the Bay Area...
And everybody hated us. Remember that?
Isn't that funny, iguana girl? I just want to point this out.
We were the bastard children of the DDR community for the longest time, and now she's the queen of the goddamn forum.
I just want to point that out. That is hilarious to me.
Meanwhile, the people that chastise us, chastise us are banned!
Exactly, exactly. But I mean, I was, I made a trip down there to meet you guys and see who else played the game and kind of meet everyone and kind of went from there.
First time I met Jess and Jamie and you were there as well.
I believe, just looking at the chat room, I do remember seeing Tetsuya there, a few
other people.
I remember Prestige.
Yes, yes, he was there too.
Wow, a lot of names.
And you were there, and you were there, and you were there.
Exactly.
Alright.
Yeah.
And he said I had big tits.
Alright.
alright are we gonna get what i i think i think that this or the you guys are
welcome back anytime
uh... you're you're actually welcome in the south again and i think that all my
god i'm just you know i'm just messing with it we've got a lot of this that we
can just be candid about it it's only life's funny
at the footballs and it
things change right
i doubt that there should go anywhere nanny
cuz i want to talk to you still till after we get the cage measure we got to
get a little guy thirty minutes left in the show
Did Jamie just say we skip FUs?
We should skip FUs so that next week I can do double FUs.
I don't know about that, Jamie. Maybe we'll have to do a mini FU segment.
Everybody will have to think of like one really good FU. One really good FU. And that goes for
chat room too. You only get one
really good FU tonight, okay? But in the meanwhile, we've got to, got to, got to get to
tonight's cage match.
So I'm going to queue it up here and if you want to participate in tonight's cage
match,
all you got to do is head on over to our chat room over at
orange lounge radio dot com and click on chat so let's bring on uh... the cage
match music jamie's favorite song
you cannot vote for hollick
i'm still voting hollick i don't care
alright
oh your f u suggestion got f u jamie
alright anyway
yeah well f u buddy
alright we'll see what happens we'll see what happens anything's possible
Let's see how fast we can get through this cage match.
Last week in the Orange Lawn's cage match, it didn't happen because we weren't here,
because we had Halloween.
So, for two weeks running, you have had my pick.
My pick was the winner of the Orange Lawn's radio cage match.
It was a song by Ian Van Dow, which you know from Castles in the Sky, Will.i.
He had a brand new single, it's called Reason,
and it was the winner of last week's Orange Lawn's, or two weeks ago's,
Orange Lawn's radio cage match.
Again, the way the cage match works, we're going to play three songs for you guys,
A clip of last week's winner and two new songs for you guys in full that each host selects
You guys vote for your favorite and the winner goes into rotation all week long on
Orange lounge radios the money music amor program with EDR to the X all that fun stuff and also
The whole guest here we get to do our best time in town on all the songs that play except for last week's because we
Already did it last week. So alright, I'll shut up and play a clip of song number one. It is last week's winner
It's Reason by Iain Bandel.
Tell me the truth Is there something on your mind?
Tell me what you hide inside Tell me the truth
Give me a reason To hold onto what we've got
There must be a reason to hold on to what we've got
Give me a reason to hold on to what we've got
There must be a reason to hold on to what we've got
Are there things that I should know?
Will you stay or will you go?
Okay, that was song number one, last week's winner, or two weeks ago's winner, I should
say.
That was Ian Van Dow from the album, Ape with Reason, some happy, poppy trance music.
Jamie's favorite.
You gave that song an eight, I just wanted to remind you.
All right.
Yes, you did.
Let's go on, and we're gonna go to Loki's pick for tonight. Loki, what'd you pick out tonight?
Well, I figured I'd get something really sweet for you guys.
Earlier in the show, you heard me mention Midihead, basically the guy that did the really kick-ass remix of In Your Eyes.
And, well, I got another track from him. You won't even find this on his website, because I asked him for it, and he was nice enough to send to me.
And your internet penis is humongous.
Yes it is.
Anyways, this song is featured in one of the trailers, or not, I should say TV spots for Matrix Reloaded.
And the song is called, um, how was it, Speed Demon.
And it's by a group, or a guy called Monolithic, and guess who Monolithic is?
It's Midi Head, and he's the singer, and enjoy.
Alright, here it is. Song number two tonight. Monolithic, Speed Demon. Enjoy.
The sun is going down in the west sky And I'm feeling up on a big high
Wanna get in my car and fly away, fly away, go play
Turn the key and drop the pedal Gonna keep it down to metal
Fighting down the open highway, highway, my way
Are you ready to fly?
The engine hums as I roll down the window I love the solitude as I feel the wind blow
With the stereo on and the volume turned on Way off
The road it winds holding tight to the wheel Got the pedal still slammed through the steel
I hear the squeal of the tires as they burn up, burn up, burn up
The sun is going down in the west sky And I'm feeling up, I'm a-be-high
Wanna' get in my car and fly away, fly away, hey, fly away
Turn the key and drop the pedal Gonna' keep it down to metal
Fly down the old big highway Highway, my way
Gotta' speed team put the pedal down Put the pedal down, put the pedal down
Gotta' speed team put the pedal down Put the pedal down, to the ground
Gotta' speed team put the pedal down Put the pedal down, put the pedal down
Put the pedal down, put the pedal down, put the pedal down
If you just bow
Give me your smile
Give me your smile
Give me your smile
You are theur Baldwin!
You are theur Baldwin!
You are theur Baldwin!
You are theur Baldwin!
You are theur Baldwin!
You are theur Baldwin!
You are theur Baldwin!
Okay, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
That was Monolithic with Speed Demon, and we're going to go around and see what everybody
thought of that one.
Keep in mind, we're all a little pooped right now, so I don't know how that may affect the
scores, but let's see.
Dark Sakura.
It's not bad.
Not bad.
I'd give it a...
Seven and a half.
Alright, seven and a half. What's the, uh, iguana girl?
Sounds like the type of stuff I actually used to listen to, so, um, I'm probably good about seven and a half also.
Alright, seven and a half iguana girl. Uh, islander?
Honestly, not my style, but I still enjoyed it anyway. I'd probably still give it a seven.
Alright, good deal. Uh, Navi?
The music was pretty good, but then the vocals kind of ruined it for me, sound like Bad Underworld with a cowboy twang, so I give it 7.
Uh, RKDN.
Yeah, the background was good, but the guy's saying, leave something to desire, 2.5.
Um, I've always, you know, I think Midihead's a really talented guy, um, I prefer the In My Eyes remix over that, but uh, it's got a good beat, I think cut down a little bit, that would be like a fun little 2DX song or something.
or something. Yeah, right. 2DX is going to come out here. So I give it a 7.5 as well.
Why not? I'll be trending. It's better with the Matrix reloaded visuals with it, but I
still give it a 9. This is awesome. Alright, remember, it doesn't matter what we think.
It's all up to you guys. You can choose between Ian Van Dau, that song, and Dark Sakura Song,
Which we're going to hear next. Dark Sacro, what is it?
It's by someone named Vlad. It's Supersonic Electronics.
Okay.
If anyone happens to be checking random chat on GDR3, they'll know what I was talking about.
I'm a little concerned, but we'll see. All right. This is Vlad with Electronic Supersonic. Enjoy.
Hey baby, wake up from your sleep, we have arrived onto the future and the whole world
is become electronic, supersonic, supersonic, electronic.
Hey baby, ride with me away, we doesn't have much time, my blue jeans is tight, so onto
my love rocket climb. Inside tank of fuel is not fuel but love. Above us there is nothing
above but the stars above. All systems gone, pay pay for down count. 5, 4, 3, 1, off blast.
Fly away in my space rocket. You no need put money in my pocket. The door is closed I just
I put my co-plug in your socket.
The sun and sky is bright like fire.
You and me gets higher and higher.
A lot of communication bias.
Only thing can stop us is flat tire.
Hey love crusader, I want to be your space invader.
For you I would descend the deepest moon crater
I is more stronger than Darth Vapour
Obey me, I is your new dictator
For you is Venus, I am Mars
With you I is more richer than all the stars
Make our wishes on our shooting stars
Then for you I will play on my cosmic guitar
Ladies and gentlemen, fasten your belt please
We has commenced our descent
I trust you enjoy this flight, as much as you enjoy this accent.
Now, back on Earth, it's time for a down splash.
Into sea of eternal glory, my spaceship crash.
People have arrived for to cheer me from near and far.
And as I plot, I open door and shout,
I am way's biggest washed up superstar!
Electronic, electronic, as for sure as the sun rises in the west.
Of all the saints and poets on earth, I am the bestest.
Come, let me put the ring of Jupiter on your finger.
Then, like a smell around you, I will never linger.
Okay, it's time for end. No more will I sang.
Let me take you back in time. I want for you to experience big bang.
Long live Space Race. Long live Mofania.
Quite an interesting reaction both here in studio and in the chat room.
Will it work out in the song's favor or not? Let's see Darcekra.
I just cracked up when I first heard that, so I give a ten for you.
Iguana Girls.
It's got a nice rhythm and you can dance to it. Nice.
Uh, Islander.
I thoroughly enjoyed that. What can I say? It's a ten.
Navi.
It makes me giggle like when I heard heterosexuality, but I only have lovers it gets a 10 because it has to win
Arcadia
Dark Sakura, this is something I would expect from Loki not from you, but
based on the butt plug in my socket line
I'm sorry, it would be a better fortune cookie song than it would be a Cage Mintz song.
Ooh, someone jealous, someone jealous.
Alright, let's see. Let's recap and then you guys can place your votes. Here we go.
engagement song
with the main teller went out with the real estate
let's not reach out to the guys to place your votes here we go song number one
you can vote for tonight is the in band al with the reason
song number two you can vote for tonight is a monolithic
with this
be the demon
and song number three can vote for tonight is loud with electronic
supersonic
Alright, place, vote now! Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote. You
don't have a lot of time tonight guys because we want to get into the FU segment pretty
soon here. So get those votes in now, you've got like a minute. So do it, do it, do it!
Do it! Do it now! Alright, why don't we go ahead and open up the Skype line, maybe some
folks out there have some questions, want to speak to some of our guests that are left
here in studio. I don't know if anyone's going to actually call, but we'll see here. We'll
go take a...what?
I'm going to do a sim update.
Okay, Loki, what's going on in the sim world?
Okay, there's been updates to both the In the Groove skin, if no one cares, and the
DDR red skin, which is meh. And also, StepMania, or at least Candid 2 came out. Okay, that's
it. Nothing important. Nothing is here. Move along.
Well that was quick. What can I say about that? Let's see. Well I guess what we can
do right now while I'm tallying cage match votes. Jamie, why don't you go ahead and plug
some of those other shows that you can hear on our lovely station.
I'm sure there's people who would like to give it the plug. I mean, oh, I'm sorry. Tuesday
night is my show, Pump Up the Volume, starts at 7 o'clock this morning.
I'm going to cut you off real fast because we just got a call on the Skyplane.
No.
Too bad!
We'll finish your plug, then we'll go to the Skyplane.
Never mind, I'm done.
Fine.
Alright.
Hi!
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
It's Sherlock.
Hi, Sherlock.
How are you?
Cat!
How you doing tonight?
Cat.
We are good.
We're pressed for time, but we're doing pretty well, all things considered.
What's on your mind, Sherlock?
I don't like the other two
all is probably the winner here. Really? Now, see, I have a feeling that they're going to
go for the funny one. Uh, no, no, I just don't like it. Was it not funny to you, or what
was up with it? No, I'm annoyed by German techno. It's just that amusing. Aren't we
all? Wouldn't the world be a better place? The only German songs we should be listening
to should be by Rammstein. Stay in Germany, alright? Let it stay there. Wasn't Erotic
from Germany? I think so. Enough said. Exactly! That's probably the only song you've heard
from... No, because when I first considered Eurodance, the last time I checked, Germany
wasn't in Europe. Germany's not in Europe? Okay, anyway. Did you have a question for
any of our guests that are here tonight? We've got Iguana Girl, and hey, you know, you're
a mod over on The Freak, right? Yeah, I am. Alright, how is it working for Iguana Girl?
She just carry an iron fist or what?
Yeah, she keeps an iron fist pretty well.
She keeps check on me all the time.
I know she's got an iron bra.
Hopefully you haven't had to deal with that yet, though.
I didn't want to know that.
Was it made in Taiwan?
No, it was made in Taiwan.
Here comes Iguana Girl on the keyboard.
Uh oh.
I think she's going to post a link to the iron bra.
If you haven't seen this Sherlock, you've got to check it out. It's amazing.
oh god
i don't know if i want to see this
it's pretty funny
all right i think we got in all the votes for cage match if you don't mind
shirok i'm gonna sidetrack for a little bit here
and i'm going to announce the winner of tonight's cage match you guys ready
first of all what do you guys think won
out of all those songs
you're fucking ruining america god damn you people
all right let's see here we go tonight's winner is
With electronic supersonic, sorry Sherlock. The tribe has spoken. With almost, get this,
get this Sherlock, twice as many votes as songs one and two combined.
You people smoke crack, I swear. Well, what can we say, I already told you
we were the bastardist, cancerous sub-community here and that vote speaks for itself.
yeah yeah it seems like it. Did you get a link to the picture there? Yeah I did. I'd
rather not look at it again. Let me look, I want to see if it actually works or not.
If you're in our chat room there over at orangehonestradio.com click on chat. There it is. There's a guana
girl with the lovely white face and the iron bra. Amazing. That's great. Alright, anything
Anything else you want to state on your 15 seconds of fame here, Sherlock?
I'd say something, but then the guanagro probably hate me for it, so I'm just going to...
Oh, now we definitely want to hear it.
Let me guess, the internet is serious business, guys?
Yes, the internet is very serious business.
That's what I tell everyone.
Why does that say Sherlock, the guanagro?
Okay, I'm going to do a nice little shot on the camera right for you.
Okay, Chris?
Yeah.
Oh, she just banked her bottom!
Oh!
Wow. It's only when Sherlock calls in do we get the bondage coming out on this show.
I guess we'll have to call in more often then, alright?
Are you coming to E3 next year, Sherlock?
I'm hoping so, yeah. I'll be there.
Yeah, yeah, she's gonna attack me.
I talk about Mod of the Month when I'm not supposed to.
And then she hates me for it.
All right, well that was fun. I like hearing from new people once in a while, so that's
good. All right, we've got to, got to, got to get to the FUs of the week. If you already
sent me your FU of the week, I had to close it on accident because of the cage match voting.
So you want to get those back into me right now. In the meantime, we're going to limit
it. Sadly enough, we do have to limit it to one FU a person tonight. So Jamie, why do
we have to do the FUs of the week every single week even when we have no time whatsoever
for it.
Anger.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here is...
This is fucked up.
A big, massive, humongous FU to the cost of plane tickets into Gulfport, Mississippi.
I couldn't find one into Mobile for less than $800, and I couldn't find one into Gulfport
for less than $500 at the time I needed to leave.
Yeah, I was on Travelocity trying to pick my time, and I found one into New Orleans,
so that means that my family's going to have to drive an extra hour and a half to come
get me, but at least I get to leave New Orleans at five in the afternoon, which means that
I get to enjoy the French Quarter during the day.
What?
But it's ridiculous.
It's ridiculous!
That does blood. Totally ridiculous.
Alright, moving on. Here we go. Uh, Loki.
Lucky to my car and mainly Ford because they make shoddy cars and my car is falling apart and I don't know why.
I just bought it like what, six months ago? Used, granted, but it only has like only like 30 some odd, you know, thousand miles on it.
and already the brake system I think is going out, or the front part is going out, and guess what?
Oh, they have a class action lawsuit for that kind of stuff!
Shoddy brakes! Yay! Guess what?
But lucky for me, I was smart and bought the extended warranty, so it will only cost me $50 to fix.
Whatever the fuck's wrong.
So...
Ha!
But that's my guess right now.
Whether or not they fucking try to screw me out of that, that's another story.
next week
my a few this week goes out to spread pcs
because i went over there today to get a brand new cell phone and found out
they have shipped for deals right now i figured you know i'd be able to get a
good deal because
i'm out and not under contract with them right now but other deals are pretty
shitty in fact the salesman excellent salesman
told me to come back later because they'll probably be getting better
deals around Christmas time. Fuck you guys, I swear to God, I'm going over to T-Mobile
where I can have a cell phone that Catherine Zeta-Jones endorses.
Iguana Girl?
I'm going to be generic on this one because it kind of encompasses a couple of different
sections, but a giant F you to people who can't seem to understand that when you're
band you're fucking banned you're not supposed to come back and if you do come
back don't whine and bitch and moan about the fact that you're the man I'm
gonna give you I'm gonna give you some advice I I realize you know I I realize
that I don't have to do any banning or anything like that so I'm gonna deal
with the same bullshit you do but this is how I deal with it here on orange
lounge okay you just gotta look them right in the eye
FIRED!
That's what you gotta do.
But there are those people out there that are banned from the show, like, years ago, and they still keep-
Yes, we have banned some people, I forgot.
But, yeah, I'm really, really tired of people who think that they're being cute, and make threats on certain other websites that they're going to attack certain websites,
And don't think that we're not going to catch wind fission.
Giant f-you to those dumb shits.
I want to close watching you. Be good.
Islander.
I have none.
Nothing? F-you to that, Islander.
That's alright. No. He's...
You know, Islander's just a nice guy, honestly.
If you have a chance to meet him in real life, he's honestly the nicest guy.
A wonderful contrast to me.
And I do know why we work.
I see.
Okay.
Makes sense.
Uh, Navi?
I actually have an F.U.
Whoo!
Alright, what is it?
Um, F.U. to people who stop talking to you for like three months, call you back because
they miss you, make plans, and then flake out on you, and disappear again!
Yeah.
Wonderful world.
Oh yes, and then her, in reference to her band thing, I got banned.
I don't know how.
I had a link to some sim files or something. I checked back on it periodically. It kept
showing up, you know, you can't load the page. Then the other day, it says, you are banned!
From what? Freak or where? No, it was some guy who posted his key-sounded 2DX BMS files,
and it was in his signature. I got some of those a long time ago, and he only allowed
two people on there at once. I remembered that. I checked again like the other night,
it says I'm banned. I'm off. That's odd. That's that. Arcadian. Fuck you to lies. Ooh, ouch.
All right. Let's check out what the chat room has to say. Start off with Zaku. F you. Oh
boy, here we go. It's political. Brace yourselves. F you to the Jesus-loving, gun-loving, red
state voters for electing that no good excuse of a chimp of a President George W. Bush to
second term in the words of a great pump it up song lasenka save us that was
awfully punny right Chan but to you to being one of the many that sick oh I
think I think she's saying fuck you to herself for being sick I'm not sure and
it's that somehow I jazz says f you to procrastination ah
Poto says F you to laggy towns in MMOs MPQ says F you to the arcade for being
closed the day I went there black devil or X says F you to those Asian files on
the DDR freak forums those guys pissed me off well any comment on that and one
I'm sorry I cannot control the content of the idiot's pose. Sorry.
I figured while you're here I would let you say something.
Oh my god.
Alright.
L. Mullet says,
F you to Halo 2 and a type the game will never live up to.
Blue using Halo 2, that's all that matters.
And lastly,
DDR Angel says,
F you to my video card for suddenly not liking Final Fantasy XI again.
I wondered why I hadn't seen her on.
Grr, no Final Fantasy XI for me.
for me birthday present maybe yeah I'll keep wishing okay done bye and Jamie
have some advice from the laundry room she's yelling back to laundry room play
a real game yeah play a real game fired all right well that does it for the FU
segment and you know what guys we're like over time here so we got to wrap up
the show and I feel real bad now that we didn't get to talk more to you about
pop music and DDR yeah and you just you know sometime you'll just all the other
people out there will have to find the damn list for the, you know, the 2DX Visual Emotion
DVD and V-Rares and all that stuff to find out how great they actually are.
You know what, November's just a busy month and we'll have to carry over some stuff to
next week. You know you're welcome back here any time, all you guys are.
Yeah, as long as I'm willing to drive here. Yeah, it is a little ways, I agree. It's kind
of crazy, but thank you, of course, for coming as always. And thank you guys for going to
Girl and Islander. Hope you had a good time. Come back sometime. And, you know, good luck
Alright, um, now's the part of the show where we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Just like Jerry Springer, we go around and get all the final thoughts.
Navi, your final thought for tonight?
I've run out of walls.
Uh, Aquana Girl, your final thought for tonight?
Butt plugs in socket.
Islander, your final thought for tonight?
Eat, drink, and be merry.
Very nice. Arcadian, your final thought for tonight?
Say I'm bad.
You see, I'm bad. You don't know the half of it! Ha ha ha! Or maybe not.
No, can't have that.
Loki, your final thought?
I have the device done, now to haunt the house.
Jamie, quick! Jamie, quick! Your final thought?
I'll go. I'll go with mine. My final thought is, um, Outside the Box moves to Thursday this week, so please don't forget to listen, and fuck-
Fuck Survivor and fuck The Apprentice!
Please do something about that nice food, don't forget.
I will. I know, I know, for once I'm saying fuck survivor, it's funny, but anyway, you
just, you gotta listen, so, sorry. Uh, DarkSacker, your final thought?
I have clean clothes, they smell like gain. Lovely. Uh, one last thing, the final word
of the show, one word that sums it all up, we'll give it to Iguana Girl tonight. Tonight's
final word, thank you very much everybody for listening, have a great night, we'll see
you next week, where we're gonna interview Conception and talk all much more about all
these bimani stuff. Final word. Boobies.
C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C
It was December 24th when Hollis Evans had docked
When I see the man chillin' with his dog at the park
I'd approach him very slowly with my heart full of fear
Looked at his dog, oh my God, it all rained there
But then I was feelin' cool, the man had a beard
Had a bag full of city 12 o'clock at night
So I turned my head a second and the man was gone
But he must've strapped his wildin' back down on the lawn
I picked the wallet up and then I took a pause
Took out the license and it costed Santa Claus
A million dollars in the cold, hundreds of G's
enough to buy a Bowie Magic Claw and eat
But I never filled the Santa, so that ain't right
So I was going home to matter back to him that night
But when I got home, I thought,
Cuz under the tree was a letter from Santa
And the door was to me
It's Christmas time in Hollis, Queens
Mom's cooking chicken in collard greens
Rice and stuff and macaroni and cheese
And Santa put gifts under Christmas trees
Decorate the house with lights at night
Snow's on the ground, Snow White's so bright
In the fireplace is the Yule log
Beneath the mistletoe, every drink eggnog
The rhymes that you hear are the rhymes of Jarrell
But each and every year we bust Christmas Carols
Rhyme so loud and proud to hear it's Christmas time
That we've got the spirit, jacks for chili
The Hawk is out, and that's what Christmas is all about
The time is now, the place is here And the whole wide world is filled with cheer
My name is MC with the mic in my hand And I'm chillin' and coolin' just like a snowman
So open your eyes, lend us a ear We wanna say Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth, the part after we fade to black. Hopefully you guys know
to stick around because there's always something fun after the credits. Tonight, my God, we
are so pooped though. I mean, it's just been a hell of a show. What a way to come back
after not being here. I do, I need to talk about ratings though. I need to talk about
ratings for the station. Ratings, what? Ratings for the station have fallen 20% in the past
two weeks
I am quite disappointed in you guys, that's alright
but here's your chance
go in your little player window right now
vote us a five that you love this station, you want to listen to it every day
and then do so
and help our ratings get back up. Now we realize, okay, we were off for a week, we
had some repeats in there
and you know we, you know, had
had some shows, switch days and stuff
no more excuses, we're done
okay so you gotta whore us up so that you know we can be the number one internet
radio station of all time. That is the ultimate goal.
Anyway, I also want to talk quickly about The Incredibles, that movie, because I'm surprised
you didn't say much about it, Loki. What did you think of the movie?
It is what all superhero movies should aspire to. It's actually, it's very misleading, like
anyone that's like, you know, seen the previous, because they think, oh, it's a kid's movie,
oh, this and that, but actually it has a story that I would say is on par if not better than
a lot of the animated superman and
uh... batman series and we know that those are awesome
uh... writers on the series
of course you mean the guys that coming wrote the whole damn thing you know the
guy behind you know what in uh...
the iron giant i mean that would be was incredible
this movie is
set design uh...
the character development
everything is just
you need to see this movie
and i cannot stress enough is
awesome i cannot wait for a sequel
this is like pixar at a whole new level
and what's great though is it is for kids
but it is a little bit more adult
than some of the other kids movies. It's PG, there is like violence in it
and stuff
and there's like you know
it's just great. The characters were awesome. That's all I have to say. I mean, it was just incredible.
You know, I thought the movie was fun. It was really entertaining. I don't know about like
the best movie of all time and stuff like that. I don't know if it was even the best
movie of the year for me personally, but it was a really fun time, and if I had kids I'd
take them to see it because I thought it was a good movie, and just really well animated.
I was sitting there during the whole time going, this would make a really cute video
game, and in fact they do have a video game for it, and I was actually kind of curious
to check it out. I kind of think, oh, it might be a fun video game. We'll see. Did you see
this movie yet, Navi, at all? I have not. The last movie I saw was The Grudge. What
did you think of that? I liked it a lot. A lot of people that have seen it either said
they liked it and thought it was really scary, and then other people said that movie had
absolutely no substance whatsoever, it was crap. I liked it, I thought it, I mean, it
was more something like, wow, it was actually a scary movie. We don't see very many scary
movies very often anymore, at least that's what I thought.
Yeah, for the record, I did not get to see the Star Wars 3 trailer when I saw The Incredibles,
just for whoever asked. I don't really care, I'm not like the hugest Star Wars fan in the
world, I mean, you know, hooray, the movie's coming out, but, you know, I'll be okay. Anyway,
I like the grudge as well, except for the audience I saw it with.
Yeah, you should have been in the moment.
You should, like, compare audiences later.
Seriously.
Alright.
Well, okay, that's going to do it for the Afterbirth, you guys.
We've got to take off.
Jamie's got to get home, and I got tests to grade and stuff like that, so thank you guys
for listening, though, so much.
We really do appreciate the fact that you guys support this station through our high
points and our low points.
We are working on so many exciting things for you guys.
We're teaming up with Spot.
We're teaming up with Freak.
amazing, the stuff that's in the future for us. And, you know, I just, I really thank
you guys who have supported us, especially those from day one, but we definitely welcome
all you guys to hop on board as the show goes on. It's just amazing. It's amazing. I don't
think it's on, Jane. Remember, do it for the ferrets. They love you too. Let's hear a little
ferret love there. Get a little ferret love. Even, you know what, Loki, we don't get enough,
we don't get enough love out of Loki on this show. Loki, will you please let the listeners
know how much you love them? Uh, no. Ass. Alright, enjoy the post-show tonight. You
guys can probably figure this one out. We definitely have to load you down with some
2DX Red music. So, enjoy, have a great night, and we'll see you tomorrow night for Diversion
7 o'clock for Mani remixes. Have a great night guys!
In the frame, leggin' through the guards away from me
That's my young life, it's on the road
Everybody's lookin', who wants to sing for me?
Runnin' up the stairs with my gun
Tomorrow is the last chance for everyone to sing
I'm not done yet
Real life's done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done
Let's set the tone, we can set the scene
Make it loud baby, hit the lights and fire
Turn on the lights on fire
With your mind, I will see the highlight
So listen, shall we tell the enhanced soldiers, do you know how to carry it?
And I think I'll be the one that's beating you
And you can't just light the fire
We're on the line for fire
We're your fire, and we're beating higher
And I think that you're just the one that's beating you
you
Be quiet.
Be quiet.
Be quiet.
Be quiet.
Be quiet
Be quiet, be quiet, be quiet, be quiet
I hope you enjoyed the video!
If you did, please subscribe to the channel!
Thank you very much for watching!
You are the only thing I can do
You are the only thing I know
You are the only thing I know
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh surveillance
Come on, put it up, hit it, hit it Come on, put it up
The energy, and I got the keys, keys to me
Make it hard, stay at the farm, who's the unit?
We gon' do it, take it to form
The crowd, don't keep it wrong
C'mon!
C'mon!
C'mon!
C'mon!
Come on.
Play B-Ray.
B-Ray.
Back, back, bring it back.
Play B-Ray.
B-Ray.
Back, back, bring it back.
Yeah, turn higher.
Yeah
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We're live here with this post-show going on of 2DX11 style, also known as 2DX Red music.
I guess it's taboo to call it 2DX11 style. I'm not supposed to say that. I might get bitch-slapped by some rabid fan.
But actually, what I'm going to do right now is I'm actually going to do something technical on this end that has to do with the archive of the broadcast.
The past few weeks we've been having trouble with it, though, and it stopped the station.
So if you guys get booted from the stream, it's gonna go back to the Bomani music and more program. So just
Just just restart the stream in like 15 seconds if we disconnect. Okay, I'm gonna try now
I'm gonna hope we don't though so I can keep going with the 2dx red stuff. Here we go
Let's see what happens if I lose you guys then good night. Sorry
