Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI South format.
Oh God!
Show me Daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Muh, uh, muh, uh, muh, cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 120 for this, November the 28th of 2004.
My name is Rob Roberts, for you might know me as Skye, and joining me as always are my
awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, oh wait, she's not here, she's the happiest
bunny in Alabama right now, Jamie is on vacation night, the lovely dark sacra.
We do have in the other corner, our tech master Loki, I hate you already, the listeners don't
know what I have planned for tonight, listeners, tell Loki to listen to me, listen to what
I have to say because I know what's good for him and I know what's good for the show, anyway.
We don't have Darkstacker here with us tonight and there's no way in hell, in good decency
that anybody in the Bomani community would subject you to a Loki and Sky solo show. Some
kind guests have volunteered to fill in tonight. Please welcome from our friends over at DDR
Freak, Iguana Girl! Hello everybody! I'm so glad we could get a female perspective on
the show tonight, in the absence of Jamie. If you can't get Jamie, then you might as
much as you like me. You're a girl that plays games? Oh my god. Can I get your number? Sure,
You like my rack?
Also joining us tonight, say hello to Islander, also from DDR Freak.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Doing fine.
Good.
And also joining us tonight, she hasn't been here in a little while, we've missed her,
but welcome back to the program, DDR Angel.
Hello.
Also helping to bring some female perspective to the program tonight.
Yeah.
Hey, can I get your number?
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute.
All right, we got a really big program for you guys tonight, a little bit of Bamani news
to talk about tonight.
Really big deal tonight, though, we have the Orange Lounge Radio, very first time we're
going to talk to a Bamani artist, an actual person in a Bamani game.
I am so excited about this.
Midi Head will be on the program tonight from UltraMix 2, so excited.
So tonight, who's going to win the signed Kiryamoka CD, the second one, Jazz won it
last week?
Who's going to win it this week?
We will find out that.
And we might do some other giveaways as well, so you'll definitely want to stay tuned in.
Join our chat room, www.orangelaungeradio.com, click on chat, and also our webcams over at
orangelaungeradio.com, and sit back and enjoy the program.
We will be right back after this quick break, featuring some music from Ultramix 2 and Iguana
girl I put standing still in time in there just for you all right so we will
be right back after this break we're going to start it off with some zonk we
We will be right back.
And yet nobody knows
Diddle-daddle, shake and chat
Shoots in the breeze
Puddles, clacks, cadence, letters
There's a synchronous symphony
Play from the familiar
Kinda a synergise
Fidget in the mind
Enjoy cats with no regrets
Analyzing, hallucinations
Windows licking the imagination
Big incisions, shadows missing
Here's a synchronous symphony
Diddle daddle, change hats
Shoots in the breeze
Pat-a-clack, cadence slatters
Here's a synchronous symphony
And that's the end of the video, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.
I'm holding on to all my fading memories Back to where it all began
So much there I understand
As I look now
To a distance far away
I will cross familiar lines
Now I'm standing still in time
Still in time
Still in time
Still in time
And we're still in time
Close your eyes, close your eyes and let it fly
You and I, together we can touch the sky
I was walking down the street
You came like the summer breeze
Sweeping my breath away
It doesn't happen every day
You and I together in the sky
Forever young, we can never die
Close your eyes, close your eyes and let us fly
You and I, together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes
Close your eyes, close your eyes, close your eyes and let us fly
You and I, together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes, and let us fly
You and I
Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes, and let us fly
You and I
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 120 in progress, and our friends over
at Step Squad, sending us that little shout out there, that shout out is about two years
old, we need to get a new one.
We need to get a new Step Squad family gathering.
And what is Step Squad for those not in the know, because I know you're a member of Step
Squad.
Step Squad, it actually isn't really technically a DDR team per se, but it is at the same time.
It's more of a friends that were brought together by things like the money and anime, it just
has a very DDR tone. So it's not one of those like teams oh my god's lol gonna
kick your butt? Yeah, no it's not all about oh my god we have to win over you
no it's you know of course we take pride in in our wins but it's not all DDR to
us it's more about family than anything. Very cool, very cool. Well welcome
everybody to Orange Lounge Radio for those joining us for the very first time
welcome to the program we are a program dedicated to all things Bomani and then
some for those of you that don't know what Bomani is that is the music gaming
fusion series put out by Konami so of course we talk a lot about other types
of video games and other types of music and any randomness that we feel like so
I know we got some new folks listening tonight especially with the syndications
happening over on DDR freak radio which had wanted girls been helping out with
on Friday nights so yeah appreciate that six o'clock over on DDR freak radio on
Friday nights and I know we're getting some new people from that so thanks a
lot you guys for tuning in and helping to support orange launch radio so hope
you enjoy the program because we're a little weird sometimes a little weird
anyway one of the weird things we like to do we like to start off every show by
going around asking everybody how was your week how was your day a chance for
you guys at home to catch up with us and listen to what we've been doing this
week and any games we've been playing any experiences we've been having and
also if you want to participate in the show go on to our chat room www.orangelandtrainer.com
click on chat now since Jamie usually starts us off she's not here tonight so
I'm just going to turn to the person that's sitting in her chair right now.
I am the Jamie.
Does she know that you're sitting in her chair?
No, not at all.
And burping out?
And burping in her honor.
Alright.
Uh, Iguana Girl, why don't you start us off?
How was your week?
How was your day?
Um, my week was actually pretty good because I only had to go to school for two whole days
this week instead of, like, all week.
Which is really, really, really nice because I work 40 hour weeks.
Thanksgiving was nice but was tiring because we had to go to Ross's family's
Thanksgiving thing and then go to my family's Thanksgiving thing and split
the holiday and yada yada and then yesterday we spent all day getting Ross's
car fixed and and worked on and everything and then today we went to go
get my car fixed lo and behold imagine this look you should get a good kick out
this one afford with brake problems hmm familiar Wow concept no mine I still
haven't taken it in I because I thought I figured out what the problem was but
then I didn't I don't know what it is whenever I coast it makes a very loud
like growling noise like my car is angry that I'm driving it or something yeah
mine started whenever I it's like if I'm going low speeds anything like 20
miles per hour or below and then I proceed to brake it's starting to squeal
but if it's raining it won't squeal yeah my I don't know what the hell's wrong
but I'm thinking about taking it in but I would actually take it into the
dealership and have it looked at because they should do at least a brake
inspection for free yeah well I have the special warranty where anything's fucked
up with my car only cost me $25 yeah like let's just let the engine fall out
Unfortunately, I'm not that privileged.
I've already had fluids issues with my car, and now they don't know what's going wrong
with it, so it's all that fun.
And it's still squealing, even though they adjusted my brakes.
Ford fix or repair daily.
Yeah, but they're cheap, and that's the whole concept.
You buy a cheap car, you get a shoddy car, but it'll last a few years.
And you've made this comparison before, I've heard you do this, it's like talking about
the Mad Catz dance pads for DDR the $20 dance pads versus the you know $100
yeah I mean exactly if you're gonna pay for you know an ignition 2.0 you're
gonna get the quality of that it's gonna last a long time but you're gonna pay
out the ass for it but if you're gonna pay for the Mad Catz pad you have to
understand there's going to be some problems with it eventually had speedy
oil change not killed my car I wouldn't have this problem now would I but yeah
Yeah, so that's kind of frustrating, and that's how I spent my day, was being frustrating.
Oh, that's so funny. Well, take out your frustrations on our listeners.
Yeah! Damn you all! Damn you all to hell!
All right, anything else you want to share about your week, do you think?
Um, no. Okay. How was Thanksgiving?
I talked about that, but you weren't listening. I said I had to do the two-family thing. We
went to Ross's family's house, and then we went to my family's house.
I was prying to get that other story you were telling me I was doing that prying thing that
hosts do when they know that there's a topic that needs to be talked about but they don't
want to say that there's one.
What we did is we decided to bring all of our odd music games with us so we brought
our taiko drum master and donkey conga and karaoke revolution one two and three and we
We took them all over to my parents' house and I'm guessing my mom had a little bit too
much wine to drink because she was just having way too much fun on everything.
My mom, strange enough, if you know me, it's really, really unique.
My mom has absolutely no sense of rhythm whatsoever.
She is like the whitest white girl possible.
She tried to play taiko-chan.
I noticed it runs in the family.
Couldn't resist. So she tried to play taiko drum master and
she got like a 58% on some one star easy song and just absolutely biffed it. So my brother-in-law
who's a drummer had to show her up and then after he did that my blind father took over
the drum, asked us to put it on a song, and proceeded to outplay my mother. He just started,
you know, doing this doon-doonch, doon-doonch, just this random beat. Because, again, he's
blind. He's blind. So he can't see the shots. He can't see what's going on on the screen.
He's blind and he's just playing whatever, and he's doing well with the damn game. I
I have no idea how.
And at one point he stopped randomly, but we got him to start back up again, and if
he hadn't stopped and gotten off of his little groove that he was in, he probably would have
passed the song, which is extremely scary.
But he ended up getting like a 48%.
He didn't beat my mom, but came within 10%, so I can now say that my blind father can
play taiko drum master.
Very nice.
You know, I think this was a topic once in DDR chit chat.
do you play DDR when you're blind? You don't! You just kind of stomp on all the arrows.
You just kind of dance in the rhythm and you'd be surprised how well you can do. I actually
have never had my dad play DDR but maybe I should. That might be fun. I don't know. I'm
thinking he would be good with Donkey Kong though too. Oh very cool. Yeah. Very cool.
Alright. That's about it. Alright we're going to move on. Let's talk to DDR Angel. How was
your week? How was your day? How does a blind person play DDR? Oh boy what did I just walk
into. Same crap you've been walking into for the past, what, year and a half? Almost two.
Yeah, exactly. Um, not much going on. I mean, had two days of school this week, and that was pretty good
because I really needed the break, just like I'm sure Jess did and all that. After school was over, just, you know,
Spent the last four days playing games that I haven't been able to play.
And I got my DS! Yay!
That took six stores to find and it was not
good until I walked away with it and it was all good.
Best Buy is not your friend unless you call all the stores in Sacramento.
I got my DS at Best Buy, what's your problem?
I had to call 6 stores, that was not cool.
Or however many stores we got, 4.
Yeah, so I got my DS and it's all good.
The minigames on Mario 64 are your friend.
Minigames on Mario 64 DS rock, they make that game worth it, they really do.
You just spend all your time playing the minigames rather than playing the actual game.
Favorite minigame so far?
The Bob-omb slingshot game.
I love that one. My other favorite one is the he-loves-me-he-loves-me-not.
Yes, yes.
It's gender neutral, isn't it?
It's just funny.
Loves-me-loves-me-not, that's it.
Uh-huh.
Go Yoshi.
It's so lame, yet so fun.
Alright.
We should get back on that blind DVR topic later.
Okay.
I have a reason for that, anyway.
Okay, maybe we will.
Okay.
Alright.
Cool.
Alright, yeah.
Islander, how was your week? How was your day?
Um, I was fine. Um, pretty much Jessica has already summed it up for those of you who
don't know, that I want a girl and I are a couple, duh.
Oh my god, it's a DDR couple. We are?
I thought you were just, like, sleeping in my bed for no fair reason.
This is a TFI alert. I thought you were just my sex slave, I don't
Hello, the TMI SWAT team's here.
But no, just spent the days off playing games that we bought because we kind of went crazy
and bought a shitload of games, including Taiko, Donkey Konga, oh shit, KR3.
You guys went on quite a little spending spree, didn't you?
Yeah...
We went a little crazy.
But we've been good.
A little crazy, rumble roses.
We've lost almost 80 pounds, we've earned it.
But yeah, just from playing all these games that I'm like, holy crap, I have new stuff
to play now.
So, just been doing a lot of that lately.
Very cool.
Very cool.
Anything else you want to share about your...
Um, let's see.
Other than watching her blind father play taiko, I'm trying to think what else was pretty
remarkable this weekend. I think she pretty much covered everything.
Alright, fair enough then.
Loki, my friend, how was your week? How was your day?
Well, my week was okay because it was short. Work-wise it was short. We had a potluck on
like a potluck on wednesday and i had lots of food and didn't really do anything so that's cool um
then played final fantasy most of the week and then um what else oh just more ds crap um have
like 41 stars now in mario 64 and that game's frustrating as hell and um then i also bought
uh two new games i bought um alien hominid and under the skin and those are strange i love alien
It was full of like, turkey, and like, spaghetti, and now I have pizza. It's way too much food. And, I don't know, really other than that, not too much. Just trying to figure out how to spend my time during this 4-day weekend and I think I wasted most of it on Final Fantasy.
But anyways. Oh, and I got another game. However, due to foreshadowing I cannot reveal what
game that would be. So, let me just say that first off that I don't know why I bought this
game and I think that there were powers that would be that would coerce me into doing so
against my will. In other words, his girlfriend said buy it or I'm not putting out. Which
by the way is very interesting when you consider his girlfriend is not a gamer at all. At all.
But yet she loves Mario 64 DS and she loves this game. But I love her so I forgive her.
She just likes to watch my suffering. She likes to watch?
She likes to participate, no. No, I don't know. Whatever. No. Alright, I'm done.
Well, uh, my week and my day. I gotta make this quick because I gotta get to a break
pretty soon here, but my week and my day was pretty cool. I went out to Roseau Golf Land
one night. I know, gasps. Which is the first time in months I've been there, and I know
we're an international show here, so for those of you guys that don't know what Roseau Golf
plan is. It's where Bamani games go to die, basically, and get disrepair. But they have
a brand new game called Derby Owners Club. We went out twice this weekend. And you've
heard me talk about this game on the show before. You've heard Jamie talk about this
game zillions of times on the show before. She loves this game. I love this game, too.
I made a brand new horse. I called her Britney Spears so I could whip her. And I was so proud
of Britney because she came in second in my first race. That's very proud. But where did
these people come from at Golf Land who know how to play Derby Owners Club all of a sudden?
Well, a lot of them come from UCD.
Yeah, I've seen a lot of UCD up there.
Man, I don't know what's going on with that.
And then also, I played DDR Extreme for the first time in a while.
Now, I've been slowly getting myself back into DDR, thanks to UltraMix 2 and what a kick-ass game it is,
and Extreme and what a solid game that was that kind of held me over for UltraMix 2.
That was good times. I've been playing those at home.
But I've not really played a game in the arcade in a long time,
So I kind of forgot what your ego can do to you when you're playing in the arcade is you want to kind of play
The hardest stuff possible, right? So I decided all right, I'm gonna play breakdown on heavy nine-footer right pretty fast
Absolutely failed didn't you failed one measure before the end?
Do you know how that feels to be on your last step before you can hit your last step?
Okay
If it makes you feel better I
I probably couldn't even pass anything past the seven footer at this point.
That's how long it's been so let's play DDR.
And yet I am the head administrator of
the largest DDR site in the world.
What the hell? I don't know. I don't get it myself.
It's the love of the game though. I mean honestly I could suck at DDR but
you know when games like Ultra Mix 2 come out I get in fanboy mode all over again.
No matter if I suck at the game and I'm getting older one.
But anyway, speaking of Ultramix 2, we gotta cut it short, we gotta go to a break, because when we come back from the break,
Midihead from Ultramix 2 is gonna be here on the program.
Very excited about that, so I want you guys to familiarize yourselves a little bit with Midihead,
in case you forgot, I don't know how you could, because it's one of the most kick-ass remixes we've had in a DDR game in a long time.
Remix of one of our favorite artists, Akira Yomoka, took his song, made it just...
I can't say made it better, but certainly not made it worse, just made it different and cool, is what he did.
And it's in my eyes, the MIDI head mix.
Check it out, and when we come back, MIDI head will be on
the program.
we'll be back
You're the light that makes me free That you're the need to bear
You are like an empty dream
You will never know what it can be
You are like an empty dream
You are like an empty dream
We are back.
That was, in my eyes, the MIDI Head Remix from UltraMix 2.
We are excited because we're going to have our very first interview with an actual artist
from DDR.
This is shocking.
I love it.
Alright?
buzz him up let's see if he's around let's call him up so I'm just gonna
punch in the magic digit it is I hello is this MIDI head it is I that that must
be a yes hello welcome to Orange Lounge radio greetings hey how you doing you
know I'm doing great I'm just lounging around in my shorts I think we're in you
Being as if we are Southern California, it's actually kind of nippy outside, but here in
my studio it's nice and toasty.
It's been pretty cold up here too.
We are based out of Sacramento, so we are not that far away, we are just a stone's throw
away.
It's not cold up there, is it?
It's been freezing up here these past few days, don't you guys think so?
In the 40's during...
Have you guys ever been to New York City or Park City or any of those towns this time
of year?
Not this time of year, but I went there during the summer and that was bad enough this one
night.
You don't know cold, my friend.
That's why we live here.
That's why we live here.
We've been there.
That's why we live in California.
That's right.
You know, the folks that created Ultramix 2, they're over in Hawaii, so they've got
to be loving it year-round there.
They're getting the tropical moisture.
skin is all nice and young looking.
Except for the occasional tropical storm and things like that.
Yeah, who cares.
It's worth living in Hawaii for that.
Absolutely.
I would live there any old day of the week.
Speaking of Hawaii, I'm kind of curious, how did you become involved with those guys in
getting into DDR UltraMix II?
Well actually I called them on the phone one day and I bribed them and said I would give
them my wife and children would say, let me do the remix for them.
What will your wife and child be doing at Konami now?
Okay, now they are going to hear this and go, you sold it!
Basically what happened is I got contacted by my label, A Different Drone, and there
was a bulletin that went out to all of the artists on the label who said, hey, Konami
wants to do this remix and they also want tracks and missions for the UltraMix II game.
Anybody who's interested, here are the details.
So basically I just got the original tracks from Konami and it was kind of a free-for-all.
So I just did one and just kind of submitted it, not really thinking that it was going
to go anywhere.
Next thing I know I get a call from Jaron Tolman, who is one of their head sound designers
down there and he said, hey, Konami liked it so much they want you to do an extended
remix.
Oh, which is the one we see on the V-Rare, that super long mix, right?
Super long!
Super long!
Yeah, so that's how I got involved.
Very cool, very cool.
And there's lots of great music from a different drum, including UltraMix II.
And I gotta tell you, I don't know how much of the scene you've kind of been watching
and kind of the reaction from the DDR fans, but a lot of folks have been really into UltraMix
too, and they kind of credit a lot of the success of the game because of the song list
and because of a lot of the music that comes from a different drum.
Bands such as Echo Image, Day Behavior, and all those folks and yourself all coming over
from a different drum.
It's been great.
It's been a great collaboration.
I hope you guys work together more in the future.
I know that Konami has left the door open, so they've really liked what's come out of
a different drum and myself included.
What they are grateful for is the fact that they are not dealing with these prima donnas
on these larger labels.
They have all these demands.
We just want to get our music out there and get it to the fans.
Honestly, I would dance to Skulk, Close Your Eyes, the In My Eyes remix, I would dance
to that long before I danced to Britney.
On DDR.
You know, you say that now, but if Britney was now standing in front of you, with uh...
Nah, that's a good point, that's a good point.
Britney, I'm your biggest fan!
Come on, I know.
You'd be dancing to Britney all night if she was sitting right there in your recliner.
I got a point.
But speaking, since we're kind of talking about DDR here, did you know about DDR before
you became involved with the project?
Did you ever play it?
I mean, you mentioned you had a kid.
You know, I gotta tell you guys, this is gonna piss off some of your listeners, but...
That's alright, we piss them off and up.
You know, I used to be extremely into video games and found them to, it was kind of, I
I won't say it's a waste of time, but for me, it was like getting in the way of producing
albums and, you know, basically, since I have a family, I have to be a responsible adult
now, so I kind of got out of the whole video game thing.
I used to be, like, you know, heavily into, do you guys remember Descent?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I used to play that, yeah.
Way back in the day.
Most recently I was heavily into the Quake 3 add-on mod, Urban Terror, so that is by far the best game I've played to date.
I've never played BDR though guys, I'm sorry.
That's alright, that's alright. You were talking some stuff to me before the show that I totally wasn't getting either, so now we're even, okay?
We're even. But, you know, you sound like the kind of guy, though, that if you were still playing video games, you'd be playing Halo 2 with the rest of us right now, I think.
Yeah, I would be playing until my usual 4 or 5 o'clock in the morning.
And you would be getting your ass kicked by 13-year-olds, just like the rest of us do.
You know, what's funny is I actually had a 13-year-old show me some moves on Urban Terror
one night late when we had the whole entire board to ourselves while everybody else went
to bed.
It was kind of funny.
I'm 33 and this little 13-year-old is showing me stuff that I would have ever figured out
on my own.
Wow.
The kids these days.
I feel so old saying that myself.
Where is our youth going?
I feel so old saying that myself.
Where is our youth going?
Mideet, I want to ask you about the song that you specifically remixed, In My Eyes, a track originally done by Kiryamaoka.
You kind of mentioned that you had a lot of the original Konami tracks, so was it your choice to remix that particular song?
Yeah, you know, I think out of the two songs that I was given, that one kind of stuck out
the most because the chord progression, I knew right away what to do with it when I
heard it.
So I pretty much took out all of his musical elements, left the vocals, and just re-did
everything from the ground up yeah you can tell that like a lot it's not just
you know you took a song and added a new beat to it but you just totally kind of
deconstructed it and then built it from the ground up and I think that's part of
what's so great about it so yeah thank you no problem no problem anytime I have
you gotten a chance to talk to Akira about the remix so I don't know if you
got you know he and I talk every day well you know we got to talk to him one
time and unfortunately didn't we didn't get him on air we got to talk to him one
And I tell you we were just giddy little fanboys. It was just amazing. I don't know if you've ever played this.
No, actually, I haven't spoke to him. I have no idea how he feels about the remix whatsoever. No clue.
We should find out. We have ways of finding out.
For all I know, he thinks, you know, this is garbage. What has he done to my song? I don't know.
No, I'm sure he loves it. Trust me, there's been some remixes in DDR in the past that were absolute garbage.
Yours is not garbage. Don't worry about it.
Thank you. My head is swelling now. It's huge.
You're right. I need to stop.
What kind of equipment do you use to do these remixes in your studio?
Actually, I'm a big fan of...
See, this will all go over your head. We're back to the over-your-head thing.
Alright, that's fine. Maybe some of our listeners will catch up on it.
Okay. So, I actually use acid, and I'm not talking about white blotter.
Okay, now my co-host, Loki, is very familiar with ACID.
He does his own remixing in ACID.
So that I know.
I'm with you so far.
I'm with you so far.
Alright, cool, cool.
Well, you know, a lot of people have kind of raised their brow when I tell them that
because ACID is more of a loop construction tool, you know, according to the masses.
And actually I use it for tracking and, you know, doing a lot of really cool stuff.
I mean, I've been using it since the program first came out.
I want to point out, I'm sorry, I hate to cut you off, but I've got to say this, I've
got to say this, because there's been these amateur remix contests that have happened
throughout the Bamani scene that go on on such big websites and they want to get people
to remix stuff and they always say, don't use acid, because we want a program that is,
we want something that doesn't sound like two songs meshed together.
I would just like to point out, the pros have just said that they use acid.
So STFU guys, STFU.
Yeah, it's a great program, especially now in version 5.
But I use acid in conjunction with, you know, I do a lot of the elements live, so I don't
sequence much.
I actually just hit the record button and will just play the sequence at live.
If it's an arpeggiated piece, you know, that of course is sequenced, but most of it goes
live in acid, and then I just chop it up and dice it up and move stuff around, and it's
just a lot faster that way.
I use virtual instruments in addition to my AccessVirus KC, I have all the Spectrosonics
Stylus RMX, Atmosphere Trilogy, and of course I've got software from Vanguard, I use Vanguard
I played it in Zeta, and I love SoftSense.
Very cool. Now see, Loki's following you here. Maybe I should just...
It's alright.
See, well, I mean, you know, basically the stuff I do is very, very, very amateur.
I mean, I'm not even going as far as calling them actual remixes, more of just white label remixes and stuff.
Because, you know, I don't really have the talent at the moment to be actually creating my own stuff.
Basically it's a lot of loop chopping and adding a little bit of elements that way.
But a lot of people just hate the fact that I'm not using Fruity Loops.
They think Fruity Loops is like a god program out there.
I don't know why, because it's... I don't know.
I've got to admit that I use Fruity Loops to program...
Sometimes I will program some beats in Fruity Loops.
It's great for that, but I can't construct an entire song in Fruity Loops.
I just love acid.
You love acid? Are you a permafry, my friend?
Yes, I guess.
You were mentioning that there was two songs that you were sent there.
Were there actually other songs that you remixed for DDR that didn't make it onto Ultra Mix 2?
No, come on now. Would I have remixed a song that wouldn't have made it on DDR?
Well, maybe I'm thinking maybe you're one of those artists that construct something
and then you go, no, it's crap, it's crap, and you throw it out.
No, no, no, no, no, man, I've been doing this since 1989.
That whole phase has been definitely worked out of me.
No, actually, this was the one song I remixed.
It was kind of a stab in the dark, and I threw it out there, and lo and behold.
Very cool, very cool.
You mentioned that you might be doing this again for another Konami project.
Do you see yourself being involved with a future Konami game?
Oh sure, yeah.
Nothing specific at the moment, but like I said earlier, the door's open and we've been
in talks about keeping in touch and doing more, so they've been really happy with this
last remix.
It's not just the remix, you have to look at the actual business side too, if you're
You're easy to deal with as an artist and this is just tips going out there to people
trying to get their foot in the door.
It's not just the quality of the work that you do.
It's also your attitude and your business dealings with these guys.
If you're professional from start to finish and you're very proficient and attentive,
a lot of people make great music but can't get work and it's because they don't have
the relationship thing down and you've got to be able to have a good working relationship
with these guys.
I absolutely agree.
That's why I am all about kissing ass on this program.
Did you get the chocolates I sent you, Midyhead?
What?
Did you get the chocolates we sent?
Yeah, exactly.
I have a brown nose too.
Now, if the folks that are listening go on over to your website over at www.midihead.com,
and I hope that they do because it's a great website, you notice that there's a lot of
other stuff that you've worked with before.
You did some TV gigs, you did some movie things in the past before.
But what I want to know, have you worked with video game music ever before?
Was this the first thing?
No, I've never worked with video game music before.
Oh, wow.
I moved out here to Los Angeles to try some things.
The first stuff I did was for Fox Television's Dark Angel.
When that happened I started landing tracks through my publisher in a lot of different
television shows and was able to get one landed in the Matrix Reloaded movie trailer just
part of the film's release.
That had been most of my experience.
I had looked into video games several times going, you know, I should do that.
I should get into that.
I had no idea how.
I had friends that were doing it.
I asked them how I would get involved and they said, you know, it's a nightmare trying
to get in there because so many people are trying to do it.
So I just never really pursued it because I always had other things that I had priorities
on doing.
So now, I just kind of knocked on my door for a change.
Hopefully there will be more stuff in the video game world because certainly there's
a huge market for it and from what I understand, the guys that are doing it and doing it well
are doing well themselves.
There are folks who actually were in Ultramix too that are quite familiar with the video
game music stuff.
Jesper Kidd I know is one of them and he's done a lot of previous video game stuff and
now he's kind of crossing over into DDR so you know there's lots of I think opportunities
for making great music for video games out there you know especially what they keep saying
it's getting bigger than movies now we'll see I mean who knows who knows all right um
I know you're going to be putting in a live appearance at this uh upcoming convention
this Otaku Con, is that what it's called? Yeah. What's going on with that? How'd you
get involved with that? Again, my label got involved in that. They were contacted, a different
drum was contacted by Otaku Con about having a different drum be involved and of course
because of my involvement in DDR, I was one of the first artists contacted to be in that.
The Otakus love DDR, just so you know.
Oh yeah, yeah.
So we'll be performing that track live on stage at the...
Just so you guys know, yeah, that's going to be in Miami Beach if any of you guys are
in that area or planning on traveling, and the convention's happening December 17th through
the 19th.
If you want to check out more information, it's otakukan.com, the MIDI head's going to
be there.
Cool.
I'll be there with some tasty babes up on stage, my friend.
Oh, even more!
Yeah!
I always perform with tasty babes, you have to have the dual sex appeal.
Do they just get up on stage and kind of dance?
Well they actually do have talent.
I don't doubt it.
So they'll sing and play keyboards.
I've also got Lars Hausmann of Brave New World, but Lars Hausmann of Brave New World will
be joining me on stage.
Very cool.
Cool.
All right.
So bands coming together.
That would be awesome.
Bands coming together.
Lots of habit.
That's how it works with a different drum label.
A lot of the artists work together and collaborate on different projects.
It's really cool.
It's a great label to be involved in.
I'm kind of noticing that.
I'm kind of hoping that people are checking out A Different Drum over at adifferentdrum.com
and just because everything they've done for DDR has been so great, and just, you know,
I really, to be honest, I had no clue a lot of this music was out there before DDR.
It was kind of like, because of my involvement with this show, I kind of, you know, when
this music was announced, I kind of went on over to the site and I was kind of checking
out some of the music by the artist, I was like, this stuff is great.
This stuff is really great.
You know, it's stuff you probably wouldn't hear of if you didn't think to look.
It's definitely not the mainstream, I mean it's synth pop.
And what's interesting though is because, I don't know how old you guys are, but I don't
know if you remember the 80s at all.
A little bit.
Iguan girls lighten up over there.
It was a blur, man.
If it makes you feel better, I'm 27.
I was just passing out of the uterus then.
No, no, I may sound young, but I'm actually 26, so I'm not that young, man, okay, alright,
cool.
We remember the 80s, it's all good.
But I used to DJ in the 80s, and so a lot of the music that comes off of a different
drum label is kind of reminiscent of that era.
That's what I'm loving too, like the Naropa song, I remember when I heard that the first
time I was like-
It's Depeche Mode!
Depeche Mode meets Erasure meets, like, cool. I just loved it, so definitely a lot of 80s
remnants and stuff in there. Very cool. I just wanted to pass this along to you now.
We actually have somebody in our chat room right now over at Orangelaunchradio.com, click
on chat, somebody that works for Konami. And he actually says that their product manager,
Jason Enos, said that Akira has heard the remix you did, and he likes it a lot. And
I'm supposed to let you know. I'm supposed to let you know.
Right on.
Wow, I'm glad that the information could come to us that fast. God bless the internet.
Look at that. A first ever in the life of Midihead. He hears from the man himself.
Well, I'm not really the man. I'm just coming through.
Live on Orange Lounge Radio.
That was my best Roger radio voice, by the way.
Welcome to the Morning Drive.
Welcome to the Morning Drive.
I used to intern at a Top 40 radio station back when I was 14 years old, when I started
to get into radio.
I sat down in the general manager's office at the radio station about the time I was
16 years old and he said,
Mike, I'm sorry to tell you this, but I don't think you have the voice for radio, so I passed
up the career, guys.
I know it sounds like I should have stuck with it, but uh...
Yeah, I have to admit I've hit a few roadblocks on my way up the radio ladder, so that's why
I'm stuck here doing internet radio.
But see, the way I figure is that together, when we work together like this, when the
indie labels come together with the indie radio stations, we're going to take over the
world!
Yeah, man!
Define and conquer!
Power to the people!
Right on.
Let's see, what other kind of future projects are you working on right now?
I know you've done work for TV and movies, is there anything else upcoming that we can
look forward to?
Yeah, you know, I'm going to be in several B-movies and since I'm in the Los Angeles
area there will be some of the adult film.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Okay, I hope everybody knows I'm just kidding.
You were?
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Wait, no, I'm kidding.
I was looking forward to some Bow Chickabow Wow.
Bow Chickabow Wow.
But no, I'm actually working on a new album and the title of the album is called Weapons
of Mass Seduction.
That sounds porno right there.
I was afraid of that originally when I thought of the title, but because of my frustration
with the media and pretty much just turning on the local television stations here in California,
I don't know, I don't know, I don't want to get into politics, but I'm more of a conservative
kind of guy than, I would say, a liberal.
And you know, it just frustrates me, the kind of crap we get fed on the TV.
So that's kind of where the title came from, was the weapons of mass seduction being the
media.
here in Sacramento remember we're right in the middle of Arnold country so we
see lots and lots of stuff on the news all the time is this you know all these
interesting stuff so yeah um let's see oh for other fans for the fans of your
in my eyes remix that you did where can they check out more your music the if
they you know like that remix and thinking I want to check out some more
MIDI head stuff we're gonna go to check some stuff out well I think you said it
Everybody with me? Ready? www.MIDIhead.com.
Words for me. Words for me. You have other albums out there right now, too, though, right?
Yeah, I have the first album I released called Power Undiminished.
won the American Synthpop Award in 2001 here in Hollywood, California for Best Album.
Also, more recently than that, Dividing Asunder.
I'm actually going to be doing my own radio broadcast here sometime in the month of December
before OtakuCon where there will be a world premiere listening of my latest track which
has not been released yet and that one is titled Away From Here.
So I guess just check the website for that information and I'll keep you posted.
So you're trying to break into the internet radio world as well, huh?
Well no, I think it's fun.
What you guys are doing, it sounds like you guys are having a good time.
And I've always wanted to do my own show since I was a small kid, and internet has allowed
us to do that.
Absolutely.
And I'm just going to try it out and see how I like it.
And maybe I'll do once a month broadcasts or something.
Be careful, it's really addicting.
Because we...
Iguana Girl, how long have we been doing this?
You've been doing it for a couple of years at least?
Well, yeah, probably like four or five now.
I've been involved in various shows for probably about five or six years, so it's pretty addicting.
You guys are doing Live 365, right?
Yeah, this current program we're doing is through Live 365, Orange Lawns Radio, and
they're great to us, too.
So they've got a lot of great services for anybody that's looking into it.
Even when they forgot to mention our name at the Best of Live 365 Awards, in which we
were nominated in a category and they completely forgot us, we forgave them for it.
Do we have the clip?
I wish we had the clip.
I would love for Mitty Head to hear the clip because it's hilarious and I don't think our
listeners have heard the clip in a long time either.
I'll have to dig that up.
Wait, did they actually, you recorded the clip of them apologizing?
The whole thing was broadcasted live and one of our listeners recorded it and sent the
whole thing to us because it's hilarious because you can hear us in the background going, hey!
They forgot our name.
It's pretty funny.
Anyway, I want to go ahead and allow our listeners a chance to ask some questions.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com, click on chat and you can submit some questions live to us via our
chat room.
For instance, we have Legend of Zaku is in our chat room.
He has a question for you here.
He wants to know, how did you approach doing the remixing itself?
In other words, what kind of inspired you to go about making the remix that you did?
I think that I wanted to come from a cinematic sort of feel.
If you listen to the beginning of the track, it kind of starts out with some heavy thunderous
noises and stuff like that.
So I kind of wanted it to be a very intense track because I felt the vocal was conveying
a sort of intensity there and a seriousness.
Does that answer the question?
I think so.
I think so.
They're responding to it in chat that they're kind of giving it that epic sound a little
bit.
Yeah, but that's kind of how my sound is, hence the name Monolithic.
Everything I do has an epic kind of sound to it.
Now that was something that we didn't quite get into a little bit there before, but you
actually work under several different names.
Not just Midihead, but Monolithic as well.
That's right.
So are there any other pseudonyms that you use as well for music?
Well there is the Sexy Skinny Guy.
Hey, wait a minute, I thought that was my name.
I had the trademark on that.
Let's see.
Trent Reznor? You know him? No, I'm sorry, I wouldn't want to own up to that guy. He's
got great talent and everything. That's a different direction.
Little different direction. You know what's interesting is there's actually
one guy that does a lot of music for DDR and Naoki, I don't know if you've heard of him
or not, he's got a lot of tracks. But that guy probably has 20 to 30 different
pseudonyms he's done music under? It's crazy. You know what, that's the way you do it. I
don't know how many of the pseudonyms you know that Prince has, but Prince has tons
and tons of pseudonyms. He's produced so many albums under so many different names. I think
that's the way to go. I probably will in the future release another album off of a different
I think what happens is if one pseudonym dies or it's not successful or not working out,
you can always do something else under a totally different name and people don't know it's
you.
You just reinvent yourself.
You reinvent yourself or you do other music styles or whatever else you need to do, but
I think if you're an artist, that's a smart thing to do.
Maybe that's what we need to do here at Orange Toms Radio to get noticed because it's not
working.
No, I'm kidding.
We need to call it Sexy Action Radio.
skinny sexy guy radio, skinny sexy guy radio, there you go, that plays games occasionally.
We have a comment from Seagurd in our chat room, he's the guy that actually works at
Konami and what Seagurd did at Konami is he was one of the testers.
Wait a minute, before you get going here, is this chat room just full of folks from
Konami here?
No, just the one, otherwise it's just fanboys and girls, just like the rest of us that just
love the games, but Seagurd's one of those cases where he was someone that was a fan
and then actually kind of got in the door and got to work on one of the games.
That's cool.
Yeah, he's a great guy. He's been on the show before, we like having him on.
In fact, we might have him on later tonight.
But he worked on the steps, actually, part of the steps for DDR,
and he wanted you to know that the step creation team thought that your song
was easily one of the top songs that they had to work with.
So he just wanted to pass that along.
Ah, that's great. Tell them thank you.
I think he's listening, so hopefully you heard that.
Oh, thank you. You're a sweet man. I love you. And no, I'm not gay. I mean that plutonically.
What other artists from the different drum label have you collaborated with in the past?
I've actually collaborated with a couple of them. I want to do more collaboration. I'll
I'll just tell you that the artists I've done work with are neuro-active.
I did a song with, his name is Jarco, and obviously he's not American.
I did a song called, Fiber Optic Rhythm, and he sent me the music over the internet and
I wrote the song, sent it back to him, he put it on the album.
I haven't really done much collaboration.
There's collaboration to be had, I know that.
I've been speaking with Jeff Pinckney of The Nine, one of my other favorite ADD label artists.
He's actually working with me right now doing some music for my publisher.
he and I will be collaborating on some stuff in the future.
All right, cool.
Let's do one more question from our chat here.
We have MJB wants to know, are there any other songs
in Bamani, which is what we call the music games that Konami
puts out, including DDR and BBN2DX, et cetera.
Are there any other songs you've considered remixing
in the series?
Has doing this remix that you've already done
kind of made you want to remix some other songs there
in Bamani?
Well, you know, asking me if I want to remix something is like asking me if I want to wake
up in the morning and have breakfast.
It's just a matter of choices.
I've got a whole cabinet full of cereal, do I pick the corn checks or the wheat checks?
I'm not project-less, so I have my plate fairly full all the time with music projects.
Doing music for television libraries keeps me fairly busy, and of course I have my day job.
I don't really go out and seek after remix work.
Remix work, if somebody needs something done, they'll usually ask me now.
I used to have to seek it out.
That's when you know you've made it big time, when they come find you.
When you've made it big time, you've bought your home in Hollywood Hills.
Right. Well, I was going to do it for the questions from our chat, but actually we wanted to kind of wrap up and go to a song.
We're actually going to play something. I wasn't unfortunately, Midyhead, able to get that song that you sent me over email.
For some reason, my email is not coming up with a new message. So, I thought maybe we could play a track from Diving Asunder.
I'm sorry, Dividing Asunder, actually. I thought maybe we could do a song from there.
And, Midyhead, you're actually going to give some of our listeners some free stuff tonight, as I understand it?
Yeah, actually we've got a couple of really great prizes to give away.
We've got a deep-sea fishing in the Salt Lake, the Great Salt Lake.
We have some deep-sea carp fishing trips to give away.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
I don't think that was in the email I saw.
Are you sure that wasn't like the Ryan Seacrest show or something?
Ice fishing in Alaska.
Actually, we're going to give away a couple of CD's from Dividing Asunder.
A couple of monolithic CD's Dividing Asunder.
And if you want, I'll also pick a couple of listeners to get some free downloads because I also host, you can purchase MP3s off of Midihead.com as well of my previous albums if you want to get them in electronic format.
And Loki says he's already bought all three.
Yep.
All three albums.
Dude, I appreciate you man, thank you.
No problem.
All right, so if you want to win some free stuff, that's all you got to do, freestuff
at orangeloungeradio.com.
Send an email over to freestuff at orangeloungeradio.com.
No trivia questions tonight, no nothing, all you got to do, send over your name and we'll
draw some winners before the show is over and we're going to give away two copies of
Dividing Asunder and it sounds like we might be able to get some downloads for some other
folks too.
So we'll be contacting those of you guys that win.
So send on over an email to freestuff at orangelaunchradio.com.
Midi Head, thank you so much for being here on the show tonight.
We appreciate it.
Yeah, you're welcome, guys.
It was a pleasure.
Did anybody else hear in the room?
It's been kind of quiet here in the room.
I think we've just all been kind of...
We've been absorbing.
Yeah, Midi Head's so entertaining.
We're like sponges.
Absolutely.
I hear crickets.
What's going on over there?
Oh, no.
We're just...we're just...we're mesmerized by your every word.
Fanboys.
Oh, that was a safe answer.
Alright, well we do appreciate you being here, wish you the best of luck, and I hope we get
to talk to you again in the future, alright?
I'm sure you will.
Alright, well you take care of yourself, but...
Have a good night, my love goes out to everyone listening, and have a happy holiday everyone.
You too.
Thanks.
Alright, take care, big head, thank you.
Alright, that was good, what a nice guy.
I would like to say out there to our listeners, and I'm quoting, he uses acid.
I'm fucking going on every Bimani board and saying he fucking uses acid, fuck you guys,
I'm entering the damn contest with acid.
That's what I was trying to get at when I cut him off.
How rude of me to cut the guy off while I'm interviewing him to make that very point,
Loki, that the professionals are using acid, so shut up and let Loki use acid in the contest,
people.
All you have to do is just make a nice little sound clip out of it, post it on the board
say okay listen to this boom I you know I associate like you know like a like a
like a banner something you know acid is me head approved anyway once again you
guys free stuff at orange lounge radio.com just send an email that's all I
have to do and you might win some free stuff midi head great guy he's he's a
child of the 80s yeah what else can you say it can't complain about that I mean
he's you know man after my own heart the whole descent thing and I'm like oh my
Oh my God, I used to play that when I was a kid.
We're going to have to invite him out for drinks at E3.
Seriously.
Seriously.
I hope we can make it.
All right.
Anyway, let's check out.
Let's stop gushing for a minute here, and let's hear some music.
We're going to hear a track from the CD we're giving away tonight, Dividing Asunder.
This song is called Lulling Us to Sleep, which this show sometimes does to people, but not
tonight.
Not tonight.
So we're going to hear this track, and we will be right back with more Orange Lounge
radio.
We are walking in our sleep, though our eyes are open, our slumber is so deep.
We, it's our souls but gentle things
A hypnotist has spoken
A lullaby it sings
Lost in our dreams of green and gold
In the visions of our high years
In the throne of wealth so bold
Okay, sorry guys, we're having some technical difficulties there, I know bad me, that song
The song is rockin' too. Sorry guys.
Play it again.
Internet radio is broke left and right. What can I say?
Hold on. Let's try this again.
No, that was my question also. Is Meaty Head singing this?
I think so. I'm not sure. Sorry guys.
And all familiar too
That if the sun won't shine for us
You're praying to the moon
She's alive
Without love
We search to find her
In one mop and rust
The corrupt, deep in the arms Of the thought that mistakes me
Something is the case
Calling us to sleep like ladies
Wake from a sleep that finds us down
Look down to the higher, poorer of the crown
See, there's a wellness in the heart
A light that shines through darkness
And breaks the chains apart
What is a lie without love?
Such a fine day in much more than rust
Not to love deep in the arms
But what's it to say?
Hi-ho, Kermit the Fog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is
brought to you by the letter D, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here.
Sorry for the technical difficulties there.
you know internet radio what can you say monolithic lulling us to sleep awesome
song it's getting a great response in the chat room there this song is kicking
ass this song is fucking hot MIDI head is the shit etc etc I'm sure MIDI head
is happy to know that he's got plenty of new fanboys and girls there and just
being such a nice guy especially there on the interview there so thanks again
to MIDI head for being on the program again if you want to win a free copy
of that CD that song can be yours just email free stuff at orange entre
We'll be drawing some names before the end of the program.
One entry per person.
Yes, one email per person, please.
Somebody brought that up.
Somebody was like, I'm going to enter with seven email addresses.
I know they were just kidding, but they brought up a good point.
Don't cheat.
Cheaters don't prosper.
You people should know this by now.
If you cheat, you don't win.
Period.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Speaking of winning.
We have another giveaway that's still going on.
That's right boys and girls, it's time to conclude our signed Akira Yomoka CD giveaway
that's been going on the station for the past two weeks.
Jazz was our lucky winner last week of an autographed Akira Yomoka CD,
Minidisc, Silent Hill 4.
You guys have been listening throughout the week, Monday nights to Diversion,
the Orange Launch Radio Remix show, where remixes and acid are A-OK by us.
And Tuesday nights to Dark Sacra and her lovely program,
Pump Up the Volume, and Thursday nights to Outside the Box.
And now, we're going to find ourselves a winner for the second sign
to Akira Yomoka's CD.
We're giving away so much free stuff tonight, I can't handle it.
All right, Loki, find us a winner.
Who is it?
The winner is Dork.
Very good.
Taun, also known as Dork, has won the second Autograph
at Curiamo Cassini.
I'm happy for him, because I know
he's been trying really hard to win that, so good deal.
Sounds good to me.
So congratulations to Dork, one of my favorite usernames ever
the chat room to winning the second a Kiryamoka signed CD if you guys are sad
that you didn't win the signed CD don't be sad because this makes these people
ineligible to win the contest tonight so enter the enter the mini head contest
you might win that one so congratulations to dork and I don't even
know if he's listening to is he listening I think he is I'm not sure
we'll see anyway let's see moving on with a program gosh where do we where do
we begin where do we go I want to talk the news what's going on in the news
what's going on the sim scene Loki I know there's stuff going on in the sim
world right now in the worlds of DDR simulation he's thinking is there
anything going on this week not really no I'm not at all actually and how the
No, no, no, no, nothing. Well, eh, I guess one little thing to mention, um, BomaniStyle posted, if you guys are Guitar Freaks or Mania fans, they have the sim files for, um, Guitar Freaks, I think, one through ten, and you can get those in their media shop there, and it's, you know, it's got all your, uh, GDA files for, um, uh, DTX Mania, which is, you know, a sim, and, um, those type of things.
So if you want more information, first off, download The Sims in the media shop on BOMAiStyle
and check out their session forms, or session simulation forms on BOMAiStyle as well for
all your information on how to actually use those sim files and play around with them.
They're a lot of fun.
Alright, very cool.
This is a news story that's in right now.
It doesn't really necessarily relate to DER completely, but I thought it was interesting
because there's some games in here that are definitely worth mentioning.
Time Magazine has announced their Top 10 Video Games of the Year.
Are you guys ready to hear this?
The Top 10 Video Games?
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
And sorry guys, DDR, not on it, karaoke, not on it, Bomani, not on it.
Well Karaoke Revolution did win it last year if I remember right.
So you know, I guess it's Bomani's turn to take a back seat, I was going to say a back
door, but that's not really it.
Back seat.
Oh no, no.
Let's see what the top ten games are for this year.
Here we go, number ten. Actually, these are in no particular order.
They just named the top ten games here, I think.
Maybe it was just worded wrong here on what I'm looking at.
Oh, they are in order here. Let's have a look.
Number ten, Pirates!
R-M-E-D, it's Pirates!
It's an adventure RPG game and I believe it's on the PC.
Yeah, I think so.
Pirates.
Because I'd be confused with puzzle pirates.
Not to be confused with puzzle pirates.
Number nine, Fable for the Xbox, that role-playing game.
That's the one where you can marry a guy in it if you play the cards right.
Pretty awesome.
Number eight, Burnout 3 Take Down, another racing and crashing game.
Look, he's giving the thumbs up to that. Any particular reason?
Well, the first one was awesome and this one looked really good, but I just have no interest in buying games.
games. Number seven, and I'm actually surprised it's kind of low because everybody in the
gaming community has a huge boner about Halo 2 is number seven.
Wow, that low, huh? Yeah, I'm kind of surprised. So let's see
what seven games, or six games are that beat Halo 2. Number six, Battlefield Vietnam. Yes,
another shooting war game. I remember that one at E3.
For your Xbox, yep. Yeah. Number five, and I'm surprised this one's
kind of low too. Grand Theft Auto San Andreas. I think we all know that game. If you haven't
heard about Grand Theft Auto, it's time to come out of your hole. Seriously? You get
to take a construction foreman, knock him over inside a porta potty, then bury him alive
inside cement. That's awesome. Wow. But not awesome enough to be under five. Just because
he was making fun of your sister. So what rolled over Grand Theft Auto to land in fourth
place? Katamari Damacy. Yay! Number four game. I know there's a lot of folks. Best underground
hit ever. Honestly, it's the sleeper hit probably so far this decade. Seriously, it's the biggest
sleeper hit I've ever seen. Number three, a little game you might have heard of, Half-Life
Half-Life 2
What do you mean you don't play strategy games? This is the best strategy game ever, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah.
I'm so glad I don't have headphones right now.
That sounds so lame.
Rome Total War.
Hey!
Wait a second, wasn't that that stupid game that Capcom was pushing or something that was like, um, like some sort of, like, almost like Metal Gear Solid in Greek Roman times, you know?
Was that, was that the game? Because that one looked really lame, and every time I saw it on their big screen, I'd laugh at it.
Alright, you want to know what the number one game of the year is according to time?
Wait, wait.
I have to interrupt you real quick.
Okay.
Midi Head has joined us in our chat room.
Really?
Yes.
Hey.
Wow.
Well, welcome, Midi Head, joining in the chat there, so go give him the same praise you
were giving earlier while that song was playing, honestly, and play his ego a little more,
please.
I'm sure.
Yeah, we'll send you a check for that, or, well, I mean, you can send us a check for
that later, no.
Number one.
number one game of the year according to time magazine and I think Loki could
possibly agree with this one I'm not sure based on the murder simulation he
has created in number one the Sims 2 actually give the number one rating to
because at e3 that just was phenomenal and what is coming out for the sims 2
but not only the first expansion pack where the sims go to college did you not
Yep, they go to college, they join in on SPRING BREAK frat parties, it is Sims 2 going to school.
Do we get to get Sims drunk now?
How many expansion packs are they going to make for this Sims game, honestly? How many did they do for-
I'm waiting for the adult Ed Powers version, the hardcore.
No, that'd be Playboy, the mansion game, you know, where you manage the Playboy mansion
and just like watch chicks running around naked that are like stupid looking. That's
about as fun as Leisure Suit Larry, the new one, which I beat, and I gotta say, it was
kinda lame.
Okay, was it at least enjoyable?
It was enjoyable after I took the censorship off.
You have to love any game though that allows you to be a sperm trying to make it through.
And avoiding different blocks to try to make it through the egg.
That was pretty funny.
Any overlooked games you guys think for the top ten of the year?
Besides Ultra Mix 2.
Oh, look.
God, you know, it's good that I've already made it because otherwise I would have been like WAH!
Yeah, Metal Gear Solid 3.
I'm actually a little bit surprised.
I'm wondering if it was because the release date was so late that something such as Smackdown vs. Raw wouldn't have made it.
Just because, I mean, it's amazing. It is utterly amazing.
F that, rumble roses, where's my rumble roses?
Yeah, but you have to admit that the play through mode, the story mode, oh my god, that's horrible.
Even Seagert agrees with me in chat there, rumble roses was far overlooked for the top three.
It was, but that, you know, the story mode is just...
Although the game is getting horrible reviews, that's right.
Oh come on!
Sure, they give, you know, DOA beach volleyball good reviews, but no, this one actually has gameplay.
Oh, it's interrupting my watching them walk around. Damn it. I actually have to play on this one? That sucks.
It's interrupting the jiggle scenes, damn it.
They should have DOA versus Rumble Roses and just like one all naked fest mud-wrestling game.
There you go.
There you go.
I totally agree.
Not enough nakedness in games, I guess.
Where was the guy game?
I have never played the guy game. I've only heard about this game. Have you played the guy game?
Yes, I have to admit, I did rent it. What the hell is up with the guy game? Tell me about the guy game.
Okay, the guy game was apparently filmed spring break last year
at some place in Texas where they were just basically asking
women trivia questions. And these women are dumb as rocks.
Let's be honest here. And the first part of the game is
to see, you know, which one of the four players will get it right, and then
the second part is to figure out if the girl's gonna get it right,
and if you figure that she's gonna get it, you know, right or wrong.
The girl's never gonna get it right! I'm just kidding, I'm kidding. No, no, there's a few that actually do, and it's kind of scary.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding. It's kind of scary. Isn't that stolen from Howard Stern?
You saw, like, some other talk show, because I know this has been stolen, like, on numerous talk shows.
Oh, you know, yeah, it obviously has, but there's this little meter
that goes up, and at first it starts off, you know, if they get it wrong, they have to flash their tits.
And so it first starts off with them flashing, and it has the guy game logo across their chest.
You get the level up a little bit higher, and all of a sudden the logo disappears, but their boobies are pixelated.
So it's kind of fuzzy, and then you get to the last level, where it's totally uncensored.
And he could replay the level, and see all these girls topless, and it's just kind of head-scratching, mind-boggling, just what the hell are they thinking?
Like BMX XXX?
You know, I have that game, and I can't play it because it gives me motion sickness.
I love that game. And the movies are awesome, and the final movies kick ass.
Asian schoolgirl stripping.
I'm surprised that this game isn't still number one today, seriously.
But no, the guy game, oh my goodness.
Yes, I'm shocked the guy game is not the number one game of the year. So shocked.
Anyway, I think now's a good time to call it a break.
Iguana Girl, I noticed you're purposefully quiet over there during discussions of the guy game.
I was just telling Mitty he had goodbye.
Oh, he left? He took off?
He left.
Did our chat room scare him off?
I was being all nice to your guests and everything.
All I know is I looked in the chat room and somebody said that they were jizzing their
pants when they listened to the Midihead song, and I'm just like, I better not read anymore.
Honestly, I better not read anymore.
No, I love our listeners.
They're great.
He did mention that if you go to his site, I already scrolled up on my screen, but...
Midihead.com is the site.
Yeah.
If you go to midihead.com and there's, I guess, the submit form that you can, he was going
to give away some of those free downloads, and that's how you're going to do it.
Okay, okay, so cool. You might be able to still see it on your screen. Head over there,
do it. Alright, sounds good. We're going to take a break, when we come back from the break
we'll do a little more chatting. I want to talk about Tycho, because they brought Tycho.
I don't know if we're going to get a chance to play Tycho right now, but I want to get
your thoughts on Tycho, certainly. We're not doing a cage match tonight, you guys. We can't
to do a cage match tonight. We've got something else in store. And I'm going to tell you guys
this much. It is not a cage match. It is not a reverse cage match. And Loki is crying.
Find out when we come back. 2DX11 music coming your way. We'll be back. Or 2DX Red I should
I should say. Sorry, fanboys.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Hey!
Oh, you said, oh, oh, we were born again
We are here, yes, I will be
We were born again, oh, oh, we were born again
um
h Building
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
By the way, that video is great.
I finally watched it.
Anyway, Midyhead actually sent me an email during the break there and he wants you guys to know that yes, that was him singing in that song.
For those of you guys that want to know if that was his voice, yes, that was his name.
And he's sending me a new song of his to play.
Very cool. And we'll be playing that at the end of the show. Looking forward to that.
Don't forget guys, free stuff at Orangelaundry.com. And if you missed the
interview tonight or any part of it, don't worry, you get a second chance.
You get second helpings thanks to DER Freak Radio who's going to be
rebroadcasting it on December 10th. December 10th, yeah. 6 o'clock. As they do
our little show over there. Orange Lounge Radio Rewind. Yep so very cool and of
course some of you guys may be thinking well didn't you guys used to do the
rewinds on your own damn station Sky? Yeah actually that's true but now it is
the oldie and moldy Wednesday flashback where we are 100 episodes behind right
now so you can hear what the show sounded like two years ago it's pretty
nuts. I kind of looked at the chat and some of the response to last week's
episode and I think I think Misty or somebody had said it's a good thing I
wasn't there, because I would have ripped him a new asshole. So here are what offensive
things you missed out on back on episodes 20 and 21 and all that stuff we're playing
way back when, so check it out. Alright, so we're going to get to our, not a cage match,
but something a little different in a little bit, but I wanted to talk first about Taiko
Drum Master. It's a game that kind of came out there under our noses. I know we got to
it out of E3 and we told you guys a little bit about it.
Huge game in Japan called Taiko no Tatujin in Japan, basically for those who don't know
what it's about.
It's about taiko drumming.
You have these big things that look like breadsticks and you beat the drum.
You beat it in the center and you beat it in the side.
So popular in Japan, it was the number one selling game in Japan for a while that they
decided to bring it over to the US, call it Taiko Drum Master.
And Aguana Grow, you guys actually picked up a copy of it, right?
We purchased a copy over at our local Fry's Electronics for $60.
That includes the game and the drum.
And we're absolutely loving it.
Some assembly required.
Yeah, some assembly required.
They have little things to put on the bottom
so that you can kind of lift up the drum.
Oh, that's not that bad.
Yeah.
Nothing that a two-year-old can't figure out.
Kind of slot A into slot B type of thing.
And the music selection is excellent.
For those who are Katamari fans, there is one song that is, yeah, Katamari on the Rocks,
that is...
Oh, God, who doesn't know that song that's playing that game?
And that's a lot of fun.
And the ironic thing is that there's actually several songs that were the more traditional,
the classical songs like, you know, Hungarian Dance and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Symphony No. 5, Hungarian Dance.
By the way, I just want to talk about how scary it was that we all burst into song on
the Katamari Damacy record.
A little bit scary there.
Well, I mean, I think that song is just so great because, I mean, just for the da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
dance.
The song is a stroke of genius.
but those were some songs that we actually got to play at E3
and that was on the... actually that was on the Taeko no Tastujin
original setup
but it was more like the crossover, you know, this is the E3 version of the
American game
but
actually the music list is pretty decent
we've only managed to get 31 songs, I don't know if there's further
I think that's the max, we have unlocked the Oni mode
Ooh, Oni Mode. It is Oni Mode. Now, I have to ask, or else Rice Princess and Lanky Style would kill me, because this is an inside joke from outside the box, but My Sharona is in the game, correct?
Yes. Okay, just double-check. It is in the game. Okay. There's also, wasn't Love Shack in that? Yes. Yeah. Love Shack is also in that game. I like that song. Yeah.
Are you going to be my girl?
Yeah, that's Ross's favorite.
That one's a lot of fun.
A lot, a lot of fun.
There's a Queen song in there, Killer Queen.
All sorts of songs from Namco's own games, like the theme song from Soul Calibur, Ridge Racer.
I remember that the Soul Calibur song, whatever it's called, it's one of the stages.
Brave, brave sword, braver soul, yeah, whatever.
But that's cool.
But yeah, it's a good overall mix of music.
I mean, they've got a lot of American songs mixed in with the classical stuff
and with their own versions of stuff.
Like they have Tycho March and stuff like that.
So do you think that the kids that are upset that there's
been no US Beatmania as of yet, do you think that this
might hold them over a little bit?
Maybe it's more, yeah, it's more, you know, like the, if you were to get this and Donkey
Konga, then you've got like your whole drum mania thing worked out right there.
Okay, so it's more like a drum mania.
That's another ironic bit is that the classical stuff that is in Donkey Konga is, you know,
the same stuff that's in Taiko Drum Masters.
So you could either choose to play the stuff on the bongos or on the taiko drums.
Just all up to you.
Something for everyone, except Katamari on the rocks is not in.
Alright guys, do we have everything set up over here that we need?
Is something wrong?
Okay, he's saying the webcam. I don't care about the webcam, we've got to get the other stuff though.
We are going to get to tonight's cage match boys and girls, it's time for your favorite segment of the show.
the show okay maybe not but it is the mandatory segment we do every week orange
lounge cage match where we pitch three songs against each other head-to-head
and we see who the winner is you guys vote and your favorite song goes into
rotation all week long on orange lounge radios 24 hour a day seven days a week
Lamani music and more program so let's see last week's winner was a little song
here it was actually a top 40 song that's won the contest for a couple
weeks now it's been winning for a little while now and it's called it's by Gwen
Stefani and I'm trying to yep what you waiting for is the song this is a clip
of last week's winner, Whatchu waiting for?
Okay, that was enough of a clip. So,
the question is do we do another cage match tonight without dark Sakura
present no unfortunately we will not be doing a normal cage match tonight so
Gwen Stefani wins another week by default because if we did a cage match
without dark Sakura there'd be hell to pay
instead of pissing off Jamie we're gonna piss off Loki because pissing off Loki
is funnier by doing a drum roll please karaoke cage match alright guys here's
the way the karaoke cage match is gonna work just like the typical cage match
where there's gonna be three songs so you're gonna get to pick from and the
favorite that you pick will go into rotation all week long on orange lounge
radio just like any other song all right but the deal is is that instead of it
being songs that are out there you know and it's like just songs that we pick
out of the blue like we usually do they will be songs sung by folks in the
studio tonight via karaoke revolution volume 3 and this is a good way for us
to check out this game as well so now you see why Loki's pissed
all night, do not do this segment, do not do the damn segment, do not do the damn segment.
Too bad. Alright, so who's going to start off tonight? Me and you are going to go on
a girl, you want to start it off? If you want. Alright, let's start it off, we're going to
start off. Alright, we're going to go over to karaoke revolution volume 3, and I'm going
to give the mic to Loki so he can vent a little bit of his anger while we set up for song
number 1. To hell with all you people, I should have never bought that damn game. Fuck my
my girlfriend. I know. God dammit. I don't like this game very much. Alright. What do
God dammit.
I don't like this game very much.
Alright.
What do we got?
So what are you going to play?
And the love shack, and the do what?
Wanna girl and I are going to do love shack, so is it going to pick up over the mics here
or do we need to have the mics here by the way?
It will pick up over the mics, no it will pick up over the mics.
The love shack is a little old place where we can get together.
Don't worry about me.
All right.
I love karaoke revolution.
I dislike this game.
The hell with you people.
It's a true duet.
How come the male vocalist is a chick? That's what I want to know.
I don't know.
Enter.
Yeah, he can do it.
No.
If you see a faded sign at the side of the road that says 15 miles to the sunshine, sunshine
I got me a car, it's as big as a whale We're headin' on down to the love shack
I got me a Chrysler, it seats about twenty, so hurry up and bring your 2-box money!
Yeah, a love shack is a little old place where we can get together
A love shack baby
A love shack baby
A love shack baby, love shack
A love shack baby, love shack
More than you'd have for a child More than you'd have for a child
Stay away, it's the love, it's the love child
We're back, we're back In the middle of a field
There's a funky old shack And I got a good time
Glitter on the mountain Glitter on the highway
Glitter on the front porch Glitter on the highway
And the sunshine's in the middle of nowhere We can get together
Love Shack, baby
Love Shack, baby
Love Shack, that's what it's at
Love Shack, that's what it's at
Huggin' and a-kissin', dancin' and a-lovin'
Wearin' X to nothin' cause it's hot as an oven
The whole shack shimmy
Yeah, the whole shack shimmy
The whole shimmy when everybody's moving around and around and around and around
Everybody's moving, everybody's moving baby
Wokes lining up about time to get down
Everybody's moving, everybody's moving baby
Funky little Jack, funky little Jack
Up in my Chrysler, it's as big as a whale, and it's about to get swale.
I got me a car, it can speak about twenty-two, and it brings your two-foot bunny.
With our love shots in the middle Hey chan
We can get together
Love shot baby
Have loves movies
No shot baby, no shot
Love shot baby, no shot
Love shot baby, no shot
That's right, baby, that's where it's at
Yeehaw
Bang, bang, bang on the door, baby
Knock a little louder, Spadeen
Bang, bang, bang on the door, baby
My shoulder
On the door!
Bang bang!
On the door, baby!
Bang bang!
You're all done!
Cheers!
Bloodshot, baby, no shame!
Bloodshot, baby, no shame!
Bloodshot, baby, no shame!
Let's go around the room and see what everybody thought of that.
I'm getting some feedback there from the chatroom, we'll see.
Alright, let's go around the room and see what everybody thought of that.
Starting with Islander.
That was good performance.
And on a scale of one to ten?
Seven point five to eight.
Loki.
I give it a zero because you have the dumbest fucking segment ever.
To hell with you, I'm never letting you run a show ever again by yourself.
No.
Hey baby, Ted!
Aw, you're just kissing my ass.
Jonas, you just walked in. Expose it.
Okay, I just walked in, and I...
I have to say it's five.
It's for...
For good...
Okay, let's play it first, but that'll be my risk for it a bit.
Hey, what the hell's with the granny?
What the hell?
What?
Granny's rockin'.
Alright, Islander's next. What song are you going to sing for us, Islander?
Oh lord, let me take a look at the list here. Uh oh.
Not that list. Wrong.
Let's try this again.
It's going through and finding a song right now, what he wants to sing.
He's thinking about the Fugees but passed on it.
and
abc
against all odds is in there
you guys know that one from ddr
thinking about who the fake
he's giving his not
any hit the x button you stuck with it now
Islander, song number two in tonight's cage match.
Wrong way.
My check, my check.
We good.
All right, song number two in tonight's cage match.
Islander, the reason.
I wish this was volume one because in that song I could do, oh hell,
from vertical horizon.
I'm not a perfect person There's many things I wish I didn't do
I said that, but it's good I present it to you
I never meant to do the things to you
And so I have to save it for a girl
That I just wanted to know
I found a reason for me To change who I used to be
A reason to start over new And the reason is new
Don't believe that I hurt you
It's nothing I must've worked for today
And all the pain I put you through
I wish that I could take it all away
And be the one who catches all your tears
That's why I needed you here
I found out a reason for me
It changed who I used to be
A reason to start over new
The elementary isn't...
The elementary isn't...
The elementary isn't...
The elementary isn't...
I'm not a perfect person, I never meant to do those things to you
And so I have to stay with forever
That I just wanted to know
I found a reason for me
To change who I used to be
A reason that's not over new
And the reason is new
I found a reason to show
A sign of me you may know
A reason for all that I do
A reason is you
All the girls there are swooning for Islander.
I know that was painful for a lot of people to listen to because it was painful for me
to sing.
That's right.
Let's go around and see what everybody thought of that.
Iguana Girl.
I still love you.
It's okay.
Yay.
It was a little quiet, but I dug it.
I think you would get girls throwing their panties at you any day.
tonight if you're lucky. I give it a 7.
That might be wrong!
Loki.
I give one more finger up to Rob.
That is it.
That wasn't painful.
Just give it a couple more minutes.
I fucking hate this.
Angel. Hey, that was really good.
I'm going to give it an 8 just because
I can.
Well, I don't have anything to say.
It was good.
There's a couple parts that, you know, did get choked on, but it's all good. It was really good, and you almost sounded like the real guy, so that's cool.
All right. All right, Loki. What song is Loki gonna sing?
No.
Huh? Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, explicit. When he walked in, he was tardy. What can you do?
I know, I know. Well, I'll be Stick Judge from Simon's View.
Okay. I don't wanna fuckin' play this.
Well, you did choke on some parts, but you did pretty good.
Give it a 7.5.
the next round all right here comes Loki and he's so excited to be performing
for you guys tonight I'm gonna kill you in your sleep I'm so excited about this
well let's see here what's the shitty this mic is like really bad this is the
song I like which I will not be singing it no I really wish that we had snake
heater unlocked, because at least that song will be fun.
See, that's why I like it. That's why I like it.
I'm gonna fucking kill you he's gonna do it again
song we all had to do the full song come on Loki your fans come on chat room
let's hear it for Loki they're saluting you they feel bad for you they just
want to hear the goddamn clip being played over and over again listen it
It wasn't funny the second time we tried it. It's not going to be funny the third time.
Oh my.
Test, test, test.
Fuck you!
Loki loves me.
We did get one Loki sucks in the chat room.
What person would come and sit?
He's still not the Rob and I fucking hate him.
Why am I still the Rudy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
But it sucks!
I think I did it again You made me sing again
You're more than just friends Oh baby, it might seem like a crush
But it doesn't mean that I'm serious
Ah, fuck this!
Let's lose all my senses
I'm really sorry to the children today
Once you are high, take your fucking gun
Make a piece of what you've done
Don't touch it
I wanna be the baby first to think I'm in love
Dances have such so typically me
Oh baby, if I did it again
I'd play the two games
Not lost in the game
I just awaited
Why do I sing this song?
What?
That's it from above
I'm not that innocent
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm your fucking...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oops, I stick into your hot, dark locks
In this single baby Oops, you think that I'm sick from above
I'm not that interested
Oops, I did it again
I sang a great song
People laughing in the rain
Ooh, baby, baby
Oops, you think that you said
When you go to sleep
But they're all through with the first turn
Oops, I did it again
I had to hide their bodies
It's time we're away, covering the way
Oops, you think it's a good time
And I'm not about to stand here tonight
I've stuck it, I'm not even trying at all
I fucking hate this game!
God damn you, Konami!
God damn you!
You know, the listeners are going to vote this number one for a week on end.
Let's go around the room and see what everybody thought of that one, starting with the Guana
Girl.
I thought it was fabulous.
Oh my god, I just can't believe it.
It's a ten.
It's a ten.
Islander.
It was so fabulous, I created my pants.
I think he was one of those that got, you know, attacked with a butcher knife, and...
He's like, ugh!
He's alive!
Uh, as for my thoughts, I give it a ten, and can I sleep over at your place tonight?
Wanna go home?
We'll be right back, boys and girls.
The FUs of the week are coming up pretty soon, although now I'm having second thoughts.
We'll be back after this.
And you, I need to
Step by step by step
I don't want to talk about it
Talk about it now, I need to
Move my body, move my body
It's coming for me
You love me
Let's make a happy ride
On to the beat
We got to move your head
You got me
This is the time to move your feet
We got to let you go
You love me
Let's make a happy ride
We've got to move your head and do something We've got to let you come on your feet
We've got to let them go
Go!
Give it all back!
I'm on fire!
Give it up for...
Give it up for...
9-1-1
Welcome to the brocco, welcome to the family tonight
Come on, lady, come on, girl Come on, lady, tell me what's right
Not the danger, not the big stranger Rock it, rock it, what you gonna do?
I'm gonna make my day and I'll fix it if you know how hard it is
Do you think I'm perfect? Yeah, night's on fire
You better, better think You better, better think
Baby, I don't want to die, you won't get it
If there was no better place, baby
Say hello to me, cause I wanna see
Wanna see the color of the blue eyes, baby
This is the night, when we see the light
I'll set fire burning in my heart for your big love
Gotta break, medicate, do something special
This is the dedication of the magic moment
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
It's time to reveal the winner of tonight's cage match.
And the winner of tonight's cage match is Loki with Oops I Did It Again.
Why are we all surprised?
You know what though?
The other two songs got a surprising amount of pity votes, so I was very pleased.
The effort did not go unappreciated by the rest of us.
We knew that Loki was going to cream us though.
Can I have a hug, Loki?
No!
He's taking off his aggressions on Mario 64 right now, so what can you do?
I know, like, what is that?
Why are you holding two DS's over there, Angel?
You guys are crazy.
Alright.
Congratulations, Loki, for winning tonight's cage match.
I thought it was funny because one person when they voted I was going through the votes
one person said this is the only time you'll ever see me voting for Britney.
I thought that was funny.
Alright, we're going to do some winners for the Midihead CDs, so hurry up, last chance
to get in.
Free stuff at orangeontrader.com and also he said he was still taking some stuff on
his site over at midihead.com too.
use the email little bubble on his site and there's a little submission form. Very cool.
And we got, we got that song that he wanted to play earlier. It's actually, I believe
it's an unreleased track, so I'm pretty excited we're going to be playing an unreleased track
of his later. So, very excited we're going to be hearing that. In that break, before
we came back, you heard some music from Para Para Paradise. You know that game. Whatever
happened to that game? Why did that game have to die? It was one of those games that was
Cool when it first came out and then it sucked.
And then it was cool again.
What was cool about that game is that when we first played it, we had no idea what the hell Parapara was.
And then we learned, and then it just wasn't as cool as it was.
I don't know.
I don't know, it was like one of those things where it was like...
I think it was cool when people didn't know that you had to do line dances to it, basically.
And then when you found out you had to do the synchronized dance it was kinda suck.
But some people really got into it, which is good for them, and then when people just started to have fun with it and not take it so seriously, I think it was cool again.
So I can go back and listen to that music any time now. There was a period there, though, where it was like, oh, para para. Oh, God.
Oh, you're upbeat. But no, I understand what you're saying about going back and listening to the music. Yeah.
Now, usually I don't give away who voted for who in the cage match, but Misty said it was
okay to say that that was her that voted and said that she didn't, it's the only time she'll
be voting for Brittany.
So, she wanted me to pass that along.
Just for you, Loki.
You're only encouraging them.
You're only encouraging them.
All right, um, so, um, Iguana Girl, I noticed some folks in the chat room right now are
talking about Disney's rave and some of the non-stops, so it's kind of making me think,
How did everything go over for Thanksgiving with your guys' non-stop marathon?
Very, very well.
We had some large listener counts on both days.
I really hadn't anticipated on doing both days because I didn't, you know, you know
how you have, you know, your TBS version of A Christmas Story, how they'll play it for
like 24 hours straight and just wipe everybody out on it.
Burnout.
Yeah.
You'll shoot your eye out.
Okay.
Exactly.
Exactly.
for that type of a situation.
So I went ahead and just did a single day,
and I did it on Thanksgiving, and then the following day.
And not quite as many people on the Friday rebroadcast,
but still very, very respectable.
A lot of people tuned in.
It was great.
And then, of course, we did the Orange Lounge Rewind
directly after.
So I'm hoping that we got some of those people to listen in.
So I got you guys some more exposure, too.
Cool deal.
Thank you very much.
We appreciate the help.
Anything else exciting coming up on DDR Freak Radio in the near future?
Not at the present time.
I'm trying to work with one of the moderators on a side project to see if maybe we can get
that kind of working, but I don't know when that's going to be coming up.
I'm sure you guys will hear all about it by the time it's ready.
Oh, I'm sure we will.
We should do something for the end of the year, think of something to do, do a countdown
or something.
It'll be fun.
Well, you're going to be at my place anyway.
That's true.
That's true.
So maybe we should.
Live broadcast, maybe?
Maybe.
We'll see.
And also, I hear that there's a reunion show in the works
for Understadation Live.
Yeah.
Got contacted about that one today.
That should be interesting.
For those that don't know, Iguana Girl and I
used to be co-hosts on a show over on another station,
Understadation Live, which is still going, by the way.
Still kicking.
Over on Live 365.
Understadationlive.org is the site.
Go check it out.
And there's going to be a reunion show coming up
with Iguana Girl and myself.
That should be fun.
I believe DarkSakauro is going to be in on it too, because she was a big part of it.
Yeah, she was a big part of it.
She was the most frequent, no, Islander or her?
One or her, either her or Islander were the most frequent guests at the end of it.
Yeah, so it'll probably be a situation where we'll all just hang out in one room and then
Skype with Travis Donovan over there and see if we can get it all working.
Very cool.
See if we can recapture the magic.
Yes, even though it'll kind of be virtual a little bit.
Yeah.
I won't be able to throw any of his figures at me, which will be kind of sad, but you know, we can't do it.
And I won't be able to see the white boy dance.
No white boy dance.
We'll have to get him a webcam or something.
No piles and piles of cigarette butts in the ashtray.
I kind of also brought up DDR Freak for a reason, because I was kind of reading, you know,
as a lot of people in the Bomani scene do, I was reading the message boards over there.
And a little bit of spatting going on in the UltraMix 2 thread right now.
A little bit of spatting.
Really? I don't like that.
I know, but nothing that needs, you know, moderation going on or
anything, but just, you know,
some people are a little upset with UltraMix 2 saying the timing
is a big issue and they're saying we need a patch
for UltraMix 2, dear KCEH,
patch UltraMix 2, the timing is screwed up and it's
screwing up my PA. Didn't they do this already before?
Yeah, isn't this the same
gripe that they've had. It's interesting, with every new mix that comes out, first bitch,
the steps, second bitch, the timing, third bitch, the song list. Nothing is enough. Nothing
is enough. Drives me bonkers. You know what, yeah. The nice thing is that nobody was really
bitching about the song list or the steps this time. So I think the timing. Well, no,
they have to bitch about something. It would not be, you know, in a consumer-run society,
me, they have to bitch about something. Yes, exactly. They have to bitch about something.
No matter what, they have to bitch about something. So I guess, you know, we just have to kind
of deal with it and kind of ignore the idiots as much as we can.
And you know, I'm trying to look at both sides of it. You know, I try to take, you know,
perspective. Okay, I got to see both sides of points of view here. And yeah, the timing
window is a little different from the arcade. But that's the thing. UltraMix is not the
arcade and I think that's what a lot of people often forget is that DDR in the
arcade right now here in the US is six feet under now is there a chance that
it will rise from the grave and you know kick some ass again in the arcade we
hope so we really really hope so but for now you know home version is what we got
and I don't know I just I think these the comparisons to extreme and the other
Japanese mixes are very interesting when you consider that they're not even
really supposed to be here. You know what I mean? So, I don't know. I can kind of see
why there might be a difference too in the fact that you're dealing with completely different
hardware and you're dealing with an engine that was probably written from the ground
up. It wasn't really written to emulate the arcade, it was written to be something new
and I think that's what a lot of people have grown to appreciate about UltraMix too. You
know what I mean? Where it's kind of like, it's supposed to be something new. So it's
not going to get it 100%, but I don't know. Well, like I said, it's going to be something.
It's always going to be something, no matter what. And it's frustrating that people can't
just appreciate the fact that we are getting these new mixes and that these are things
that we, how long ago weren't expecting to get any of? I mean, what, less than two years
ago? We were having to import everything? So, personally, I'm just thankful the fact
that we have these mixes and the fact that we're getting, that we have, you know, people
that are interested enough in it to keep us going.
And I'm not going to say that people who are complaining about it are not thankful because
chances are they are. They probably love the game. They just, you know, they want to find
ways... They're not expressing it and that's my concern.
They want to find ways to make it better. Yeah, but there's ways to go about that. And
bitching on a message board. Namely, DDR Freak is not the way to go about doing so. Write
your complaints in a letter. Send it to the appropriate parties. Don't just bitch about
it on a message board. We don't need it. You're going to get your thread locked. We don't
need the drama. We got enough drama on our own. Here's the other big drama is that people
are bitching about song pack 7. The song pack 7 has a bunch of repeats in it. And this
is, let me tell you guys about what's in song pack 7 right now for Ultramix 2. Let me see
if I can pull it up here. Cause I have the list up on OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Let's see,
here it is. Era, End of the Century, La Senorita, Silent Hill, and I Feel the Junk Circuit Mix.
So you got four songs in there that are old DDR classics. This is what, and a lot of people
are saying, it ain't worth it, we've played these songs to death. Then don't buy it. And
a lot of people are expressing they're not going to, which is, you know, fine, but this
is one of those things where I kind of see it's really, Konami is in a damned if you
do, damned if you don't situation, because when they don't give us these songs, people
go, there's not enough of the Japanese mixes in the game. So I'm kind of like, these songs
here are like staple DDR songs, have never been on the Xbox before, so if you're not
a PS2 owner, this is a got to do. Just like if you're not an Xbox owner, Festival is probably
great for you. Whereas a lot of people are hating on it because they're saying, ah, it's
just a copy of the Xbox version. Well, yeah, but if I were living in Japan and I didn't
import my games from the US, which I imagine not a lot of people do, I'd probably love
it. So, I don't know. I think a lot of the people are just kind of taking it with a grain
us all at this point. I mean, you can't take it personally. You can't, you know, take a
lot of the complaints to heart. Oh yeah, oh yeah, and I don't think, and I know most people
at Konami probably don't, and they probably do take each criticism, you know, they probably
say, okay, you know, maybe we could... Yeah, but after about the 15th billionth time...
Maybe next, maybe in the next song pack, just two or three of these songs, and then two
or three new songs, and maybe people would be happier, I don't know. But, I don't know.
I agree, I think they're in a damn if you do damn if you don't situation.
There's five more song packs to go, boys and girls. I think the best is still yet to come.
I think one of the better song packs for UltraMix 1 was one of the later ones.
I want to say it was Song Pack 4 was a really good one.
Honestly, hold on to your butts.
It's going to be a fun ride. I think there's going to be better...
I mean, I will probably buy this song pack anyway just so I can play these songs on Xbox Live
because I would like to play Era on Xbox Live because I love TAC.
So, you know, that's enough to seal the deal for me right there, is that we haven't had a lot of these songs in 60 frames a second and, you know, on Xbox Live before, so, why not?
But, um, if you're not gonna buy it, then fine, I won't play you.
See if I care.
Alright, they want us to get to the FUs of the Week.
Well, who cares? They don't run the radio show!
That is true, they don't run the radio show but they are our listeners and we want to
keep them happy so we probably should get to the FUs of the week and so this is the
part of the show where I would ask Jamie why do we have to do these FUs of the week every
single week and this is the part where she'd tell me something like because we're angry.
Because we're not all happy little bunnies.
Very good.
On behalf of Jamie, I'll just enter in an F.U. to old people, drivers, stupid people,
uneducated people, what else does Jamie, what are her names, customers, yeah so.
I think I probably hit on something in there. I hope. We'll see.
Hurricanes. That too.
Life prices. Maybe, you know what?
Yeah, flight prices.
She's probably pissed off at jet lag right now, being in Alabama.
Yeah.
And I'm sure she's missing us really badly.
She would give an F.U. to missing Sky and Loki and the Guada Girl and Islander and everybody here.
Yeah, anyway, let's move on.
uh...
fuck you to mario sixty-four ds for being frustrating
no wonder i didn't have the original game it was too frustrating
and i want to throw my ds but then before i throw it i realize how expensive it was
and then don't throw it and continue to play the game and get frustrated even more
uh... anyway and also
Fuck you to leaves, there's still tons of them outside, and they're still piled up next to my car.
Speaking of car, fuck you to my car, cause it's broken in some way and I don't know why.
And the problem is, is I don't want to take another day off of work just to go down to the dealership and take my car down there so that they can tell me that they don't know what's wrong with it.
But it's broken.
Anyways, um, so it still drives, and I don't think it's anything major, like maybe the alignment's off or, you know, the brakes are falling off or something, but other than that, you know, it's fine.
Um, then, uh, really, I don't know, fuck you for wasting this entire four-day weekend on Final Fantasy XI, because I really didn't do anything, I didn't work on my cabinet, which I should've, and I didn't, you know, clean house or, you know, God knows what else, you know, visit family or something.
So that sucks. And, um, what else? Oh, just, um, fuck you to work, because, you know, a movie gallery's talking about buying Hollywood video, and that means that there'd be twice as many stupid people that I'd have to talk to every day. So that sucks.
I don't know why I bought that game and wasted my money, but whatever, okay I'm done.
I escaped the FUs, I was so happy.
Xbox live because I'm not good at halo 2 f you to the fact that I'm not good at halo 2 makes me sad and
F you to see gird because he said that he would only be able to battle me on controller tonight on Xbox live
So we're gonna have to postpone the battle till later anyway
Cuz we're running out of time and we did the karaoke thing kind of bumped him
which I'm sure he's pleased about and he'll probably give me an F you about that later, but we'll see and
Otherwise, I think I'm okay.
I've had a pretty good weekend.
I have a lot to be thankful for this Thanksgiving season.
And oh, I know, F you to whoever decided, my really, really good friend Christopher
was in the hospital for his appendix to have his appendix taken out, F you to whoever decided
to play a cruel joke on him and make him go back to have his gallbladder taken out two
days later.
That sucks.
That sucks. Feel better soon, Christopher. We miss you.
And fuck you, Comedy Central, for not having a new episode drawn together on this week.
I have to wait fucking another week for a brand new episode, and that pisses me off.
But thank you for airing two nights in a row, South Park, bigger, longer, and uncut.
And thank you for steering my FUs in a completely different direction.
Let's move on to Iguana Girl. She's got a microphone.
I have a microphone and I'm not afraid to use it.
Um, big huge F-U to
my car for having this really weird
really screwed up, like, brake problem that is inconsistent and only happens when it's
not raining and
now I also screw my car because
it decided to start making a squealing noise whenever I make a hard turn left
also. So, uh, yeah.
So this is like multiple issues that the people over at Pep Boys could not figure out and
now I have to take it to the dealership to have them look at it and tell me that I need
to spend like $1,000 to get it fixed or something like that.
And big huge fuck you to the fact that I actually had to work on Friday while all of you guys
were being lazy asses and had Friday off.
Yay!
Yay lazy!
Yes, being in retail-ish stuff sucks.
And a big huge F.U. to still having like two weeks off to school and a big huge F.U. to having to study for finals soon.
And that's about it.
Alright, let's move on to Islander.
Oh yeah, I've got a big F.U.
To the state of California for sending me a jury duty notice.
I faxed in the stuff that I needed to fax in saying, I cannot take time off from work, yada yada. I never got a response.
How lovely!
I'm glad you're not on the Peterson jury.
Really. So, unfortunately, tomorrow is supposed to be my day off. I have to go down to the courthouse and see if I get picked to serve an injury.
Oh, no, no, no. In my LJ, a good buddy of mine, a driver walkie, suggested walking into
the courthouse with a copy of the weekly world news to show how unintelligent I am, and I
think I'll do that. Fabulous. Second deaf view is actually also to the state of California
for a late penis on my car insurance, and they want to suspend my license. A big, huge
Big, huge, long story behind that, but long story short, he's got to do that tomorrow, too.
And so I've got a really long day with this date, and I really don't like this date at this point.
But other than that, and also, as I want to go mention, as you do, working on Friday, that sucks, but hey, I need the money.
And, yep, that's about it.
All right, let's move on to DDR Angel.
F you to school, just because I'm starting to hate my instructor more and more.
But hey, two more weeks left, then I don't have to deal with that to do it ever again.
F you to Andrew's motherboard being stupid because he can't get on the internet and play F11.
That was from him to the rest of, I don't know, his buddies I guess.
Tell him I got my first summon today, and I'm very excited. My summoner is level 20, heh heh heh.
Addict.
And, uh, F you to the party in F11 that I was in the other day, because I said I had to go and deal with real life issues, and they said, what's real life?
And I'm like, oooookay, buh bye, buh bye now, buh bye.
So just F you to that, because you guys are probably 13 and don't know any better, and don't have a life.
life. Like the rest of us. I have to get away and real life comes first. So I guess that's it. I'm not really here this week. I'm not writing to DMI.
That's fine. Actually, let's go over to explicit. Real quick before that, I was just reminded of something because it's like the channel here and right here. Happy birthday this week coming up to DDR Angel and to DDR Archaholic as well.
Very nice. Yes, that's right.
Speaking of which, um, who's throwing the party?
I thought there...
I thought I saw something on LiveJournal.
Oh, okay. We'll take... we'll take that discussion offline.
Meanwhile, explicit!
Well, I think that's the Thanksgiving, but I'll give an F-you to...
some asshole, um, hitting... opening the door...
Grab the mic by the bottom, because the cord's coming out a little bit, and it's... it's making it...
I'd like to say an f*** you to some a**hole who opened the door to some a**hole who opened the door off of a supermarket, slams my car, leaves a big mark,
Luckily I have his license plate number so I can go to the department and sue his ass.
If you're a webcam, I want to give him the middle finger.
Middle finger.
F.U. for the turkey for being so dry.
I think the turkey would say F.U. I'm dead.
Sorry.
Ah, that's okay. Sorry about that.
It has to be for Fry's for having a very fucking long line.
Oh, yeah.
I completely forgot about that.
Yeah, Fry's. So I get there, I go shopping on Black Friday for God knows what reason.
I just decided, gee, you know, I don't think I've been fucked up the ass enough this week.
Let's go to Fry's.
So I go to Fry's, and their line wraps around the whole fucking store.
It's just forever.
I like to walk in line, I'm like, I'm all, damn, this line keeps going!
Keep walking, keep walking, keep walking, see far off in the distance, in the horizon,
a woman with balloons that says, end of line, I'm like, ah, fuck it.
So then I had to make a judgment decision.
So I want to buy the stuff that I couldn't find anywhere else.
Or rent out the door.
Or leave.
Oh wait, if I leave, I have to wait in line to get out of the store, so, yeah, it fucking sucks.
Anyway, everything what Loki said, except that the register saying, sorry, we closed the line, thank you, goodbye, bye.
Just what I was about to buy in my $30 512 megabyte RAM.
I need RAM.
Now I have to spend 90 bucks or 120 just for it now, because it was a big ass sale at the time.
one for the damn price. And I feed the Texas Hold'em for giving me some very, very shitty
cards. Texas Hold'em Poker Set. Texas Hold'em Sacramento Chapter is coming soon from what
I hear. No, it's more like Texas Fuck'em. How the hell can you win with three and two?
2. That's nearly impossible. 3. Close? No. Every time I get a 3 or 2, um, no. Alright.
Three hour show. Three hour show guys. Wrap it up. Okay, okay, sorry, sorry. And FU4 losing
my 300 dollar, my very rare European watch, it's now gone, I don't wear it anymore. FU4
work for miscalculating my hours and money I've actually earned the whole two weeks.
Damn it, I wanted, I knew, I was like, $100 missing?
I'm like, what the fuck?
I'm not, I'm not gonna come around getting slave labor now.
Shit.
And after you to the family for making their whole Thanksgiving all anti-American.
Oh my, how, how, how do you make Thanksgiving anti-American?
Their American food was turkey.
Oh, I thought you meant like they were burning flags in the front yard or something.
Story time.
Islander's laughing.
What's up?
Story time.
Story time.
No, you have to tell her.
Yeah, you tell her.
I'm stopping the music.
I can't take Captain Jack anymore.
I'm sorry.
We're at Ross's sister's house, and she's talking about how she was talking to this
friend of hers, co-worker of hers, and she's like, oh, well, I don't know how to make green
mean casserole. Oh, wait, no, my, my, my little brother's girlfriend is going to be there.
She's white. She'll know how to make it. Since when is it a requirement of white people to
know how to make green mean casserole? I'm scared. Does that mean I have to be deported
because I don't know how to make casserole. I can make hot pockets. Does that count for
anything? A hot pocket? I eat a lot of pork and I like fried chicken. Can I join the club?
Anyway, explicit. Finish up your thought. We've got to get to the chat room if yous.
FU for people complaining about UltraMix 2 and yadda yadda butt stabs and such such such.
If you don't like those stabs, you can either edit the stabs by yourself, buy a memory card, or buy an Xbox edit.
I'm assuming that UltraMix 2 has edits to make, right?
Yes.
Okay. Or you can go to Stambidia and make your own shit. Plain and simple.
I'm sure Konami loves hearing that. Alright, alright, we gotta go to the chat room.
Okay, to be continued.
Alright, as usual, goody goody. Alright, let's bring the music back.
This is good chat room F.U. music.
Alright, Misty says two words, fuck bleeding.
Panda.
A-Men! A-Freaking-Men!
All the guys in the room just had the worst reaction to that. That was amazing.
Panda just said, F you to Comcast for not working most of the time.
F you to my mom's friend for what I think is more than just a friend.
And F you to life.
Snow Cat says, F you to broken teeth and having to go to the dentist in the morning. Cry.
MPQ says, Fuck Tekken 5 for being more important to local arcade goers than 2DX.
Well, it is pretty.
Pretty, but that's about it.
Illusion says, F you to my brother being a greedy bastard and not letting me use his Xbox to play Ultra Mix 2 more than a few days in a row.
Cause you need to fix everyday. Like heroin.
Like heroin.
Cap the vein, baby.
Elle mullet says f you in general to morons who complain about ultramix 2 for the most asinine reasons
Shut up about the timing windows guys. They don't matter. Just pick a song and have fun
Yeesh and
I quote yeesh
La la la anyway, sorry jaded 2004 says f you to Loki for singing Britney Spears
Britney Spears. Don't you be giving me the F.U. Blame Rob. They're the ones that said,
think Britney Spears. I didn't even want to play the game, okay? Love you, Loki. Jaded2004
also says, F.U. Michigan for having winters too cold. Legend of Zaku says, F.U. to Chartwells,
the food supplier for my campus, for making me gain 20 pounds. Yeah, because they forced
you to eat all that food if they forced you freshman 15 fu to my camera in my
case freshman 30 fu to my campus for giving me a shitty apartment that leaks
water from the ceilings when it rains heavily now there we go that's valid fu
to having to give up my PlayStation that so that it can be sent to Peru and fu to
my shitty stamina contributed to my weight problem for giving me more great
and not enough perfect I hear you on that one mjb says my f you the week
goes to my goddamn hair cutress I've never heard a hair cutress who cut my
hair extremely short after I repeatedly told her to only trim it and not to cut
it very much you goddamn bitch my friends don't even recognize me anymore
my hair is so short I hope you collapse you stupid bitch this says f you to
KONAMI for making Ultramix 2's doubles sucks, suck not sucks. I changed my FU to FU to everyone
at 8 on the break for being better than me and doing better in the tournament, being
better in the group. Don't send me a message that says I changed my FU because it doesn't
work because I read from the top down. So you think before you hit that enter key boys
and girls. DJ Rama S says, uh, I only, I only got two lines of his, something about having
the cash to pay for that damn cubic zirconia engagement ring. That's all I got. Flare Onee
says F you to Konami of Hawaii's obsession with the dancing character Lady. Where is
feel bad for him, but he might send it in and then we'll figure that out. He says he's
going to resend, so we'll see. If it's too long though, I'm cutting it short. Alright,
we're going to go to a break and when we come back, let's give away some Midihead CDs and
play some Midihead songs as well. I think that sounds like a plan. Yay! Yay! So let's
play some stuff from, I don't know, what sounds good to you guys. How about some popping?
Let's do some popping. I want to hear some Goonies. So we're going to do Goonies. We'll
We'll be back after this break.
Oh
Oh
I can't find out if you're in love
You don't have to believe in a heart of a doubt
But it's not what it's supposed to be
Still, I have to do something about this every morning
Still, I have to do something about this every morning
I want to be the only one with you
I like to be your friend tonight, tonight
I just want to be your little friend
Don't go away, there'll be no such thing
You will never stop me, okay?
You are a star
I want you to find me
I want you to find me
I want you to find me
Lookin' in the mirror, hiding underneath the wall
I wanna know how you feelin' when you see me grow
You tell me the lies, and the stories that leave me there for now
Now
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and what we're going to do is we're going to give
away some of those Midi Head CDs. He's releasing them under the name Monolithic. So it's all
down to Iguana Girl and Islander, our buddies from DDR Freight. They're going to be picking
the winners inadvertently in their own little way. I just need you on that little slip of
paper to write a number between one and this many okay write a number between
one and that many all right we're gonna find out who won some free stuff all
right guys ready I hope you guys didn't put down the same number okay good all
right go on a girl what number did you put number seven see one two three four
five, six, seven. Looks like Rai-Chan won our first CD. He's gonna win a free
Midihead CD. Good job Rai-Chan, we'll be contacting you. And, uh, Islander, what's
your number? Six. Oh, right, we're gonna give that one to... Legend of Zaku won that
one, so good job guys. Congratulations. More free stuff in the future. Again, if
you, um, want to try and get some stuff from Midihead's site, you can always visit
at his site www.midihead.com and he's doing some download stuff so go, go beg, go beg
and plead and just prod around the site so. Alright, good job you guys. They're celebrating
in chat right now, they're both in chat, they're like yay! Alright, I'll be contacting you
guys, don't call us, we'll call you but I do need to get your addresses in a little
bit so we'll be contacting you shortly. Alright, let's see, how about some Ask Orange Lounge
you guys. We've got a little time here. We're going to open up the Skype line as well if
you guys want to call in over on www.orangelandradio.com. Click on interact with us. But first I have
to get some FUs of the week in, some that got forgotten there. Seagurd tried to send
me an FU of the week three times and I don't know why but it's broken. It didn't work right.
So it's broken. But he was just, he had some choice words for some of the people complaining
about the game he worked on. So let's just leave it at that.
I told him I would call him, but he doesn't want to.
He's shy. But DJ Rama S had another one. He said, a giant F.U. to that stupid bitch that
whined about the Black Friday sale. Another F.U. to the lady who called me lazy.
That's why I flipped you off in front of everyone there. And finally, a giant F.U.
to my former roommate for getting married. By the time I'm done with suing
your ass for throwing my shit out,
you won't have the cash to pay for that damn cubic zirconia engagement ring.
Okay, there we go. There we go. Okay, that was a ring. That makes sense.
Alright, good deal. Okay, so
if you guys have a question for Ask Orange Lounge, you can just send that on
in over private message to Sky right now. Let me just
type that in chat there. Or can you tell them how to send me a message if you wouldn't mind?
Okay. In case they don't know. Meanwhile,
we've got the theme music we've got to do here. And we're also going to
to take calls over skype for this as well if you guys want to call in our skype line
there. Type type type. Let's ask orange lounge some stupid question what will we find out
this week on orange lounge radio. One question I'd like to know is why is loki so bitter
He threw a fit, and now I'm afraid he's gonna kill me in my sleep.
YEE!
Alright.
First question for Ask Orange Lounge is, uh, actually we don't have any yet, because, uh, there's a delay, so,
and I forgot to announce this before the previous break, so we don't have any questions over private message just yet.
So I was gonna open it up if anybody else had any questions for anyone else.
Anything? Anything?
Why the F are you, did you just come over here if you're just going to play DS all night?
I'm fully paying attention, Mr. Mann.
I'm just teasing, I'm giving you a hard time.
Where have you been?
Just busy with school and stuff?
Busy with school and couldn't get rides and stuff so, you know, stuff happens.
But I'm here this week and hopefully I can come the next couple weeks and there will be just like old times.
but I think he said he was on the East Coast. Because your state has it out for you.
Oh, he says Washington, Washington.
Isn't Washington where GameWorks is and all those Seattle
people that have a lot of good stuff up there? Maybe he doesn't live near there, I don't know.
Well, here's the blanket answer for that question. If you think the
state of Bemani sucks in your state, buy the home mixes.
Okay, there's one option. You know, they put those out for a reason so you can play in the
comfort of your own
own home. If you still don't like it, get some of your friends together, professionally
approach
the management at your local arcade and say, hey, we've got an idea for a game that
would bring you guys money
and emphasize money and
visiting frequently. So if you don't like the situation
you can take control in your own hands and do something about it.
Just a thought for you guys.
Let's see, Flaronay says, are you guys going to be on Xbox Live tonight?
I may sneak on after, right after the show, because you guys still need to see Ultramix 2, right?
Yeah. Okay, we're going to put it, we'll sneak on there after the show a little bit, maybe.
So you might see us on there for a little bit, Flaronay, look for us.
He knows the secret way to find us on Xbox Live.
Dark Knight says, what are your guys' Christmas wishes this year?
Anybody care to answer a Christmas wish?
I wish for world peace.
I need no clothes.
I want to get laid.
Just kidding.
No, uh, my Christmas wish is just, um, I would like to just have enough time to hang out
with all my friends.
I want a lot of parties.
I want a lot of holiday parties.
That's my Christmas wish.
I want holiday parties.
And that can be Christmas, New Year's, and year round, really.
Just throw parties all year round.
That's great.
Angel, did you have something you want to add to that, your Christmas wish?
I got mine.
Oh, what's that?
Uh, DS, but, uh, I already got it, and...
Well, I don't really know what I want besides, uh,
the Karaoke Revolution 2 and 3, which I haven't gotten yet,
and, uh, Officer Mix 2.
Uh, the rest has to come later, because it's more expensive,
like, uh, Ace Style and, uh, 10.
I know. Yeah, I do really want Ace Style and Poppin' 10.
It's just gonna be a little while there, so...
you do I need anybody else want to share anything they want for Christmas this
year I need clothes yes certificates to any store would be nice like target
explicit anything priceless another bumper for my car all right an extra
piece of RAM yeah I would like lessons for all those who can't drive that is my
Christmas wish all right we have a question from illusion this is great
listen to this one how do you deal with secret sweet ass ever anytime he comes
on is it hard keeping your hands off of it well um you know what secrets just a
friend. You know he's just a friend. Oh baby you got what I need. Would you want to grab
your brother's sweet ass? No. You may if you live in Alabama. I don't have these sweet
ass feelings towards Sigurd. Do you have sweet ass Sigurd feelings going on girl? I don't.
I'm sorry. I know that's gonna, you know, be heartbreaking for him, but I don't.
Yeah. Islander? Never have.
Loki, how do you resist secret sweet ass? Quite easily, I'm straight.
Alright, moving on.
DJ Rama S says, do you guys want a holiday card for me?
Certainly, of course we want a holiday. We'll put it up on our wall.
We have a little wall here. Well, we can't put it with the autographs, but maybe we'll start another wall for holiday wishes.
But then again, I don't want to give out my address, so we'll see. Maybe we can do something. We'll see.
Like a P.O. Box, maybe.
That's funny. The In My Eyes remix of the long one is actually Midi Head's super long mix.
Yeah, on the V-Rare, it says super long on the V-Rare.
Hello, where were you two weeks ago?
Legend of Zaku says, you're on that DDR diet, right?
I need help planning a regimen for dropping 20 pounds,
AKA what songs and or oni choruses must I do to really
start shedding weight?
OK, here's my honest answer to the question.
There's really no set songs or choruses to do.
There's no super weight loss plan.
My suggestion is if you're going to play non-stops, play
the long ones.
Play 7 to 10, because the more you take breaks in between
songs, the less your cardio's going to go.
The main thing is cardio. You want to focus on doing at least a good 20 minutes of non-stop
cardio. Even if that means doing something as simple as just a basic endless. Even then
you're going to be burning enough calories and getting rid of some of that excess. Try
to keep the breaks as small as possible. Don't do too much. Don't overdo it.
I am on the DDR diet and to an extent I'm all for the fact that you know DDR can help
you lose weight but honestly you've got to do it I think really to make it really successful
you got to do it with other stuff stop drinking soda if you're drinking soda that was my honestly
that was really how I lost a lot of my weight stop drinking soda drink a lot of water sit-ups
push-ups that kind of stuff can help you out too that would be my suggestion if you really
want more exercise because DDR it works, it gives you a really good workout but you know
I think you can enhance it, you can make it better by doing other little things too.
Buy like a little set of those mini five pound hand weights or something like that and workout
with those.
Alright.
If you have a max 2 I'll play a pop 8.
Dojo Max says when will DDR max 3 come out?
I heard Naoki is producing it in a secret basement, is this true?
Chances are no, that's not true. We would probably...
Don't believe anything unless we report it. No. Unless Konami's official site says something,
there's really nothing you can do. It's all speculation.
And I do think if a new DDR at this point comes out, it's not going to be called Max 3.
It will be called something else.
Because Max 3 was extreme. I don't know if you missed DDR extreme, but...
I think if they do do a new DDR, honestly, here's my suggestion, and Konami, if you're
listening, feel free to take this.
If you're going to do a new DDR, you're going to do a new hardware thing, right, and you're
probably going to spice it up a little bit, make it a little more like 2DX, like bigger,
badder, better thing, right?
Here's my suggestion.
Dance Dance Revolution 2.
It's as simple as that.
Wow, interesting name.
Dance Dance Revolution 2. Question on behalf of Dark Child through DD
Archaholic and this will be the last question for tonight you guys. If Dark
Child was gay would Sky sleep with him? No. Alright that's gonna do it for Ask
Orange Lounge tonight. Thank you guys very much for your questions tonight and
participating. Now we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thought but
not before we get in a plug for the rest of the week's programming. Monday night
Tune in to Diversion, the Orange Lounge Radio remix show, right here on Orange Lounge Radio.
All your favorite Bamani remixes, official fan-made ones, and yes, remixes done in acid
are okay.
Yay!
Tuesday night, Dark Sakura.
I do believe she's back this Tuesday and she's gonna be doing...
She's not gonna be back until way late though.
So it'll be a re-run of Pump Up the Volume, ready to go.
So likely we're gonna get a re-run of Pump Up the Volume, but it's a good show and you
should tune in, you know, and check out what it's all about if you haven't listened before,
because it'll be new to you. So Tuesday nights, about 730, pump up volume. Thursday nights,
I'm sorry, Wednesday nights are the classic episodes of Orange Lawns Radio. Thursday nights,
myself, Rice Princess and Lanky Style, we're back from our Thanksgiving holiday this week
with Outside the Box, all that other video gaming chat that doesn't quite fit into the
Bomani spectrum. And then Friday night over on The Freak, or DDR Freak Radio, Orange Lawns
Radio Rewind. Hear the same shit over again, but it's just as good the second time, you
Especially when you missed some of it.
That spilling tastes great.
Alright, so that's it for the programming.
And now, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
We'll start with Islander, because he has a microphone over there.
Ah, final thought.
Quit your bitching and just accept it.
Thank you.
Very stern.
Angel, your final thought.
Mario sucks!
No, just kidding.
I really want to know what's wrong with my car, please.
Exquisite.
Stupid drivers must get the actual driver's how to drive. God motherfucking damn it.
Loki, your final thought?
After the credits, because we're going to be playing that other Midihead song, so if you liked that last one, you've got to check out this other new one.
It's an unreleased track, I believe. It's called Deeper and Deeper. That's what we're going to be hearing after the show.
I'd like to mention that that track is inside the little special members area if you purchased an album.
Well, hell, there you go.
Alright, so have a great night, everybody. Thank you very much for listening.
listening. The Fortune Cookie message is an oldie but goodie tonight because I didn't
get a new one from Dark Sakura, unfortunately. But this is a good one, so you guys will enjoy
tonight's Fortune Cookie message. The final word of the show goes to... Islander. One
word. Sum it all up. Ergasmic. That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio
Live. Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production. For more information
about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com. And now, here is your fortune cookie message
of the day.
Hey folks, this was CJ Radio presenting you Captain Jack's Greatest Summer Heads.
Keep the spirit, the sun is shining wherever you are, and don't forget, copy kills music.
So, don't copy, buy our records.
Bye-bye, the party never ends.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
