The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
He's weak.
You're already on the line.
This mommy talks radio like so much boring.
Oh, God.
Heh heh heh heh heh. Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge makes me plenty of muh-uh-muh-trap-muh-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program
via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 119 for this November the 21st of 2004.
You're tuned in to the B-Money Scene's most interesting station of all things, Baloney.
Actually, I should have been the internet's radio station.
You'd think I'd have my script memorized by now.
I'm out of it.
You've got to turn it on.
Turn it on.
The butt money.
Butt money?
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me better as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm.
Say hello to Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as Dark Sakura.
I have food.
And that's yummy.
What kind of food?
I have a low carb copia with roast beef and provolone cheese and spinach.
Her mic is really, really low. Can we do anything to turn off her mic over here?
We'll have to look into it. Alright.
I said that I'm fabulous and wonderful and the world should worship me.
As always. Tell us something new.
I have food.
Okay.
And it's better than all of your food.
Also joining us tonight, earning his title right now, trying to fix Jamie's mic there, Techmasa Loki.
Hi.
Alright.
And he can't say anything else because he's too busy working.
Also joining us tonight in studio, a familiar special guest. He's here an awful lot.
Say hello to Arcadian42.
Hello.
And, uh, wow. That's it. It's just us tonight.
A couple back-to-back weeks of really big shows with a lot of people here, but tonight...
They all abandoned us.
Nah, tonight we were forgotten about... No, it's fine.
We're going back to just feeling the love of the people who are here every single week,
or in, you know, Arcadia's case, damn near every single week.
And a mouthful of spinach.
You're louder now, though. That's good.
And I have spinach.
Call that love.
Alright.
Tonight, pretty big show. We actually have a lot of music tonight.
Well, probably the talking is probably going to be a little bit less
I mean, of course, we still got a lot to say so we're gonna be doing a lot of talking about one
I want to warn you guys got a lot of music
We got a lot of music for you guys tonight as well because we have
An exclusive for you guys the new ultra mix 2 songs. I'm not talking about the same stuff that was on the v-rare
We already played that I'm talking about the brand new songs from ultra mix 2
that isn't anywhere else on the internet yet and for instance in this first break
we're gonna hear of ten Goku or point five nine both both you know the song
is both names the Jesper kid mix and then we're gonna hear the DDR edit of
after all and a new song called altitude all from ultra mix 2 we're gonna play a
whole lot of new ultra mix 2 songs ultra mix 2 is on everyone's mind this weekend
I think if you're a DDR player you've you've heard about this game and if
you're an Xbox owner you probably own this game by now or you're getting it
very soon and then of course on top of that we've got all the Japanese imports
as well so a lot of big news tonight we'll get to all that after this break
let's go to it also whoops I can't I gotta remember this to the Akira Moka
signed CD giveaway hello we're giving away the first CD tonight who I would
hope you know him seeing as he did the song right before we came on air yes I
lust after his musical talent there you go there's the Jamie I know all right
And I lust after his body.
Oh my god! Tonight is the night of Revelations!
And that was just funny.
Loki lusts after a man.
No. No, I don't.
Maybe that's in the same way I lust after, like, Margaret Jones.
You mean he's not a giant robot?
In the same way I lust after...
I don't know.
I lust after Teriyaki Saw.
Yes, oh, Benihana Teriyaki saw it, so yeah, less after that.
Okay, yeah, sorry, break time!
We'll be right back after this. Music from Ultramix 2. Enjoy, you guys.
She loves the voices in her mind They tell her, don't you believe
She's tired of smiling at me A little bit sadder as it comes back inside of me
You know it ain't for me
Cause you're watching the same inside
No good to give, no meaning to leave
No missing from the night
Everything I've known
I'm the one expecting everything I know
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio episode number 119 on this lovely November 21, 2004.
First off, to those of you guys that are brand new to the station, tuning in for the first
time, big welcome to you guys, welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
I know that our rebroadcasts that are starting now over on DDR Freak on Friday nights are
getting a pretty good reception, so I think we might get some new people because of that.
So a big thank you to you guys for tuning in over here and listening to the live experience.
Certainly check out our website if you haven't yet, orangeloungeradio.com, because there's
all sorts of ways you can interact live with our show on Sunday nights.
And of course, a really big thank you to the folks at DDR Freak who've also been syndicating
our show, allowing those folks who can't listen to the show on Sunday night get a chance to
listen and definitely support internet radio.
And together, we can destroy crappy commercial radio.
With a shotgun?
With a BFG, for all I care.
A pretty gun.
Anyway, in there we had some songs from Ultramix 2, brand new, playing them for the first time.
Loki and I just were recording those off our Xbox not too long ago, hope you guys enjoyed
it.
I'm giving you guys something to check out tonight.
Those of you guys especially who haven't gotten a chance to check out Ultra Mix 2, fabulous
fabulous game, which we'll talk about a little more in detail later, but first I want to
get your guys' thoughts.
What did you guys think of those songs?
Jamie, I know you had some pretty strong thoughts on Tengoku Remix.
Okay, the Tengoku one was ass.
It was utter.
Okay, they take a song that was perfect the way it was, and added a bunch of extraneous
crap that had no business being there.
You know what's interesting is that a lot of that same feedback in the chat room, I'm
seeing a lot of Ziz says it just sucks that they killed Tengoku with this remix, MPQ says
too much kid, not enough, Tengoku, or.59 however you want to say it.
It's just, it really was a lot of extraneous stuff that really didn't need to be there.
You know what though, I'll admit, I actually kind of like it. It's like one of my more
favorite remixes. It's different and I can see why people don't like it because it is
so different than the original and a lot of people consider the original to be
like one of the
staple Bamani songs. I mean, honestly, it's in like every
home 2DX version. Well, not every, but almost damn near every. And then, you know, it was a
classic DDR song.
So it's kind of like when somebody touches that and makes it different, people are kind of
nervous.
I kind of dug it, though. Certainly more so than a lot of those
remixes we got on previous DDR mixes. It's the same thing like what they did with the
Battle Royale manga.
They took something that was fine the way it was and blew it way out of the
way out of proportion by Americanizing the text too much. I think they Americanize the
mixing too much in this. It sucks. It's too big, you know? It was fine, simple, the way
it was.
Well, to each their own opinion, but certainly UltraMix 2 offers something for everyone,
so even if you didn't really like that song, maybe you liked After All by Delirium. I would
hope that you would like that song, Jamie, considering it was a former cage match pick
yours here on Orange Lounge Radio. I think she likes that song. Not a whole lot of reception
from the chat room on that one, but of course we had known about that song for a little
while now, so that's nothing new, but it gave guys a chance there to check out the new edit
there of After All. And then a brand new song called Altitude, which we were hearing for
the first time on the show here by a group, Cause & Conception. Definitely a really different
sort of track for DDR. Definitely a kind of song you haven't really heard in DDR a whole
lot before. What did you guys think of that? I like that song. It's pretty cool. Yeah,
I like it too. It's just different and it really works for DDR because you know there's
those kids that love those speed ups and slow downs and that song's got all that fun stuff
in it. I kind of like the drum and bass sound to it a lot too. Which interestingly enough
brings up another topic. We were actually supposed to have Conception on the show I
think last week, but unfortunately, I don't know what happened. We just kind of got out
touch and I wasn't able to contact him last Sunday but we'll try to get him
back on the show at a later date I know he still wants to do the show so we'll
see we can do because I want to ask him about how does it feel to have a song in
DDR Loki that seems like okay put down the dating sim on the DS for a minute
what do you think altitude that seems like the kind of song you would put in a
cage match I don't know what you think altitude I liked it it was cool yeah
different have you played that one on all to mix to you I think once yeah it's
it's different it's kinda cool because a lot of people are going oh my god
finally we're getting like a US exclusive song that's a nine footer
of course not only is there a nine there's like ten US exclusives right now too
what are you doing over there on the DS you look like you're scratching off paint or
something with your stylus
it's all black
oh you're doing picto chat and you're just making all black boxes
lovely
yes of course today the twenty first being the release of the DS as well and
And not only Loki, but myself had to go pick up one of these, and...
I heard they were supposed to be in short supply, but I don't know, it doesn't seem
like there was much of a problem finding...
It wasn't that hard to find.
It wasn't that hard to find.
We found it.
You guys have DS's?
Yeah, let me get one in the back.
Well, that was difficult.
Alright.
I don't want to get too far off base here, because we have to start off the show as we
start off every week's show.
Did we want to talk, since we brought up Conception?
A little later.
We'll do that later.
Okay.
Anyways.
We have to get to how was your week, how was your day, because that's an Orange Laundry
of tradition, dammit.
So, Jamie, I know you're working over there, but how was your week, how was your day?
My week was shit.
Oh, I'm sorry.
My day was half shit.
I normally enjoy being female.
This is one of the days I don't.
I think I know where this is going, okay?
I'm not going to say anything else.
I've been in a crappy, crappy mood all day.
I overslept, and then it took quite a bit for me to be happy again today, so I am now
in a better mood than I've been all day, thanks to the power of good conversation, and coffee,
and salty food.
I normally hate salty food.
I went out and got me some hot dogs.
were salty hot dogs from the 7-11. Oh, 7-11. Are they big wieners? Are they fat wieners?
They were big fat wieners and they were so hot. Okay. What kind of sauce do you enjoy
on your wiener? I don't put sauce on my wiener. You like your wieners raw. I like it plain.
Raw. She eats her wieners raw. Awesome. But, no, the rest of the week was kind of okay.
I've been mostly gearing up toward my trip to Alabama because I'm not going to be here
next week because I'm going to be in Alabama and not here, although I will have my laptop
with me and there may be some Skype potential if I can find a reliable broadband.
That's next week's show?
You're not going to be here?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sort of going to be in another state.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
That happened to me once this year.
I'm going to come back with a fro because I cut my hair short and the humidity is going
to make it all poof up. It's gonna be funny.
Are you gonna come back with a little bit of Southern accent? I thought I already had a good one.
It's not that strong though. I never really had much of one to begin with.
But um...
And now today, during the show, I'm gonna be kinda quiet because I'm doing a paper on
a focus on ethics for business law. You, ethics?
Okay, you can shut up right now, okay? I'm just teasing. I have ethics.
I have... some.
me and my fucked up morals. But nah, I'm gonna, it's gonna be cool because I'm gonna go see
my mama's son, and I'm gonna see a bunch of my friends, and actually a few people from
DDR Freak are gonna be coming down to see me.
Yay, Freak!
And I figure maybe I'll get some interviews or something, or a statement from various
peoples.
Please do, we do want some statements on record from some of our pals in Alabama.
and the surrounding areas
so uh... that's pretty much uh...
pretty much it
yeah
sounds good to me
uh... let's go to
excuse me, let's go over to... you'll have to excuse me guys, I have a cough tonight
and we're not um...
since we are basically run out of our
our living room
uh... we don't have like a cough button like real radio stations do
so if I cough like right into the microphone
yeah, seriously like if you go to real radio they have these cough buttons which basically mute
your speaker real fast if you think you're going to cough
Yeah, like a mute button on the phone.
I prefer to call those make fun of the customer buttons.
See, unfortunately we don't have make fun of the listener buttons.
So, you know, we don't have that. We can't afford cough buttons.
So if I just cough in your ear and blow out your speaker, my apologies, but I'm sick.
I totally agree with you, Rob. Click. Those listeners are stupid. Click.
Oh, wait. Just kidding.
Click. Shut up. We get a dollar for everyone that listens. Click.
Just kidding, I wish.
Alright, Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Um, my week was alright. It was pretty uneventful.
I tried playing Grand Theft Auto my style, which includes cheating,
and, um, my GameShark 2 crapped out on me, so I bought a new, um, code breaker today.
Cheaters never prosper!
No, she-
Oh, yeah, we do!
Shitty software-
Oh, what do you mean, cheaters never prosper? Bush got elected!
Anyways, anyways, um, so, anyways, so, um, today we got the DS, which is a lot of fun,
and, um, yeah, it, it, we basically started off using the DS in a very mature fashion,
chatting with each other via text in a chat room, literally six feet away.
Yes.
From each other.
He was sitting on the couch, which you can see on cam, and I was sitting in the Jamie's seat, which you can't see on cam, but it's really close.
On the other side of the coffee table.
We were playing PictoChat and writing dirty words like vagina and things on the PictoChat and drawing middle fingers to each other and stuff, and it was hilarious. This is what the DS was made for.
I love the DS just for that. That is the best feature right there.
Well, I actually it was really cool because we were playing a metroid prime hunters at
The you know the demo at Best Buy and I got to see the control on it's awesome. It's just
Really smart. I'm having issues with it. It's too much for me. I miss my Atari joystick
Okay, one button one button for everything now. I like it
I like it
But it cramps up my hand like a bitch because you have to hold it in a really weird way
And so, like, my finger's all fucked up from trying to reach around to the back to, you know, push the, uh, L button.
And it's just like-
Sounds dirty.
Can't quite get the reach around, huh?
I guess, yeah, whatever. Anyways, um, so, other than that, um...
I don't know, what else did I do? Oh, we went to Benny Hoffs today and that rocked.
rocked
cuz we we're gonna go some like uh... cheapo uh...
teriyaki whole place in the end of not being
open on a restaurant's closed on sunday
religious restaurant particularly
seriously i don't take place close on sunday they don't have to play here
though
have one of the line
that's why you're going to get sick play in alabama okay
anyway
uh... so yeah i want to go to south sack any two pop eyes
dodgeball. I could eat five Popeyes in Mobile.
Sorry, Logie.
Yeah, sorry. But not really.
So anyways, so yeah,
it's pretty much a lot of Final Fantasy.
I've leveled my White Mage up
five levels or so.
Addict.
And um...
What else?
Not really much else other than that. I mean, we got
you know, Ultramix 2, so I watch people play that.
And that's pretty much it for right now, yeah.
I think so. Alright. RTDN 42, how was your week, how was your day?
Eh, my week was kinda eh. I was sick most of the week with a cold, but
working. Wasn't that bad. It was just sniffly all week, and
so forth. Hit the work. Then,
went on Tuesday when I got my smog test for my car, so I can get full registration.
Then, after doing that on Thursday, I went down to the courthouse to see if I could pay
off my ticket for the registration thing, hopefully.
Oh yes, and that was the one you got after this show a couple of weeks ago, yes, alright.
But he said that I need the final registration, or have to go to DMV or something, so they
extended the date, so I have that until the next month to get all that done.
They'll let me correct it and only have to pay 10 bucks to $191, which would be a bitch if I had to do that.
Then I paid some 2DX this week and ordered 8th Style on Wednesday.
You're going to get 8th Style before me cry?
Yeah, well it's probably going to be like two weeks or so, I don't know.
Because I ordered from YesAsia and they don't have any stock at the moment.
I definitely want to play some of the 8th Style consumer stuff tonight because there's a song on there I love so much.
I'm going to be getting mine from Playasia.
Everybody's getting 8th Style but me crying.
I'm supposed to be getting it for Christmas.
And I still don't have 7th Style crying.
Well, it's either 8th Style or I think I'm getting a tablet.
Because I'm changing my major to an R major.
Okay.
See, didn't do much else.
Played a bit more 2DX today.
Came here yesterday and played UltraMix and that was pretty cool.
Yes, thanks to you guys that tuned in to the 20 November special yesterday.
You rock.
We're going to talk about that later.
Sure. We are going to talk about it later. I'll talk about it then.
Yeah, we'll talk a little more about Ultramix 2 later.
Okay. And, that much else. That's good.
Yes, Loki.
I forgot to mention, I watched the second greatest show to come to Spike TV.
It would be, Hey, Spring of Trivia.
Spike TV is the most intelligent station I've ever seen because they are bringing...
You said spike TV and intelligent in the same sentence.
Listen, they have a good video game award show, and they're bringing Japanese game shows
over here to America.
And reruns of Blind Date 24 hours a day.
Exactly!
That fucking rocks!
And you know what else they have?
World's wildest police chases, and we watch that every fucking day.
And that's awesome.
So they have really kick-ass TV.
But hey, Spring of Trivia, it's the weirdest show you'll ever see.
It's just a trivia show.
really game show, and the winners at the end, they win bread.
Sounds like one of our giveaways. And it's great though, because one of the trivia things
was, Mozart wrote a song called Lick My Ass, and he actually did write a song called Lick
My Ass, and then they performed the song Lick My Ass, which was translated into English,
It was great. It was like, um, you know, wonderful sensation. Lick my ass.
It was great. You just have to watch that show. It's great.
You know what? Having taken quite a bit of music history when I first started college, because I started off as a music major, that doesn't surprise me one single bit.
You know what? Box said it right though.
Lick my ass is a wonderful sensation.
No, not... Mozart. Mozart.
Mozart in my mind. Whoever! The dead guy!
You know, that's what, see talking is now, you know, take that song
and you know, put it into like another Renaissance song
for like, you know, 2DX Blue or whatever the next one's gonna be.
Gold. Anyways, 2DXT, yellow.
Oh, and one more, one more thing. This will be the last thing. I went and played Derby
Owners Club, finally, at Golf Land. And, and I made my horse, I EAT CHILDREN.
That is the best name of a horse ever.
I heard that Derby Owners Club is actually really popular at Rosso Golf Land, right now.
Dude, the techs there play it.
And I heard that Milpitas Golf Land got lots of angry phone calls.
Oh, yes.
For once we have the cool game on the block, actually we had Disney's Rave too for a while
there, but for twice we have the cool game on the block.
I really, really hope they can keep it in good shape this time.
I gave poop to a small child.
Well the coin slots are a little iffy.
Wait, wait, wait.
How did you give poop to a small child?
I bred some of Iguana Girl's horses because I missed having my specials.
The first one I built was an albino so I named it Shiroi as a female.
If it was a male I would have named it Michael Jackson or something because I think its parent
was Latoya Jackson. And no, it was one of her half and halves. Anyway, my second one
came out all gray. So I named him Poop. And I gave him to a small child. And then my last
one was a panda, so I named it Ganguro. Here, have some poop, little child. Oh, you should
have seen the kid. I was like, here, I named my horse Poop. You can have him. And the kid
I just grinned. I got poop! He just had that, heh heh heh grin. Can you imagine the parents
getting the phone call? Could you tell your child not to bring poop to school again? Sorry.
But yeah, we got a stardom young in the life of horse racing, and you know, betting on
tracks anyways I'm then go baby go explicit joined us during that first
commercial break and you know he's always got a lot to say what's up how
was your week how was your day oh very good had to take how to take like a few
tests to this week passed off practically passed all of them and I
actually finally played Derby's ownership club at RVGL go baby go go
Yo, baby, yo! And it's about time our video got onto my good side.
I still haven't gone there yet. I'm still a little scared.
That place... Bemani Games go and they die there. I'm scared that when I go there,
Derby Owners Club is going to have like two monitors missing. This is going to make me cry.
More kids stealing the... More kids breaking all the TV.
Seriously. Graffiti or something, I don't know.
Oh, and finally got the DS.
Yeah, the pictogram can online.
Were you here when we were talking about how Loki and I were sitting just six feet from each other, writing vagina, and sending middle finger pictures back and forth?
I just got here. And I'm hiding right now with my fuck you hat.
You have to put that on cam so they can see. Cam over at www.orangesonitrader.com. If you can't see the hat that Xplizit is wearing, it says fuck you in sign language. It's pretty nice.
Yeah, right now I have metric point hunters. It feels pretty good so far. It's just hard
to get used to, really.
Are you having problems with the reach around like Loki is?
Not really. I actually got used to it very quickly.
Okay.
I can shoot. It's just shooting is the big problem. That's the only thing. That is all.
Sorry. Does everything have to be about gay sex, really?
Yes.
You're making me think D.S. stands for dual sexuality.
I thought D.S. stood for me. Fuck y'all.
Okay.
I have no other real material tonight, so I resort to Dick Fart and gay sex jokes. I'm
I'm sorry you guys.
Yeah, how does it feel to have a- I'm offended, I need to sue.
How does it-
Go ahead, you ain't gonna get blood out of a turnip, honey.
Oh, you mean the DS? Oh, I thought you meant me, my dick and fart and gay sex jokes. No.
I'm offended! How does it feel to have a game system named after you?
My ego is gargantuan, like the size of the King of All Cosmoses package.
I have decided, by the way, speaking of that,
that I'm going to cosplay as the little prince, with a big ball of stuff.
I should cosplay as the king, that would rock.
You know, actually I forgot I did do something else yesterday.
I went to the Rekacon kick-off.
Oh, how was that?
It was pretty good.
What is Rekacon, for those who don't live in California? It's a local anime con, one of the smaller ones at one of the schools in Pittsburgh, California.
It was pretty cool, I had a good time. I want to go again this year. They moved the date, though, didn't they?
March, I think.
But, um, I got a, like, a Phantasy Star Online art book, and I picked up a record, which
I need to bring over here to rip the audio from, because it's all a bunch of old, like,
late 70s, early 80s anime, like Galaxy Express and Yamato, and Lupin the Third. It's pretty
cool.
Are you on staff over there now?
I'm supposed to be, but...
See who you can talk to about a...
I'm programming a database for them.
I'll see what you can do about a live Ask Orange Lounge chat thing, because I've always
wanted to do, you know how they have the anime cons? They have the, you know, the rooms with,
you know, the ask the person questions about costuming, ask the voice over actor questions.
I want to do Ask Orange Lounge Live. I'll talk to him. Alright, cool. But I, I just,
you know, seeing all the costumes, I was like, you know what, actually I should do. And someone
suggested, by the way, I got a free copy of The Sims 2, which I'm giving to Iguana Girl.
But I'm going to be, he gave me some ideas for a skit I can do for the masquerade.
And that would be put little, you know, Lego houses and stuff on the ground and roll over
it with a giant ball.
They have, like, this big display behind me that's these legs in this humongous package.
Awesome.
You know if they do put Katamari Damacy on the DS, the king will have to be, like, both
screens.
His package will take up the entire lower screen.
That would be awesome.
Although I'm wondering how one so endowed could come out with something so tiny.
I should be getting my game, the Japanese version in a day or two.
I got off eBay for about the same price as they cost me.
Oh, so you bought the Japanese version?
Yeah.
Oh, very cool.
Of course, they didn't change much, except the words, but hey.
Alright, my week and my day was pretty good.
I didn't do a whole lot of Bomani playing, well except for Ultramix too, I've actually
done a lot of DDR playing in the past three days, but I'll get into that a little bit
later.
I did not go out to Rosewood Golf Land with the others on what, like Wednesday or something?
I don't know, I was supposed to go on a date the other night and I got ditched, so you
know, life sucks sometimes, but what can you do?
Although I got an apology today, so that made me feel a little better.
And one of my really really good friends is in the hospital for the second time this week,
so Christopher, I know you're not listening, but I'm thinking about you and I hope you
feel better soon also got went and got the DS with Matt today and I've been
really enjoying that as well and Benny Hana is one thing that Loki didn't say
about Benny Hana that was only my second time there but you know what's really
weird about when you go to Benny Hana when you go to most restaurants you sit
at your own table right but at Benny Hana you kind of have to like share a
table with other people because they sit like seven or eight people at the table
because of the fact they only have so many chefs and so we got to share the
table with this lesbian couple and their child it was so cute because the little
baby was calling both of them mom and just made me happy you know I like
seeing gay people you know that you know have kids and stuff anyway so I guess
that's pretty much it for my week of my day not a not a whole lot exciting stuff
to report at least that I can think of right now anyway so of course we want to
talk a whole lot about Ultramix too we want to get your input over the
Skypline, if you go over to www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on interact with us, we're gonna take
some of your calls in a little bit, but first let's go to a break, we still have a lot of
music going on to play for you guys tonight, as I said earlier in the show, we've got so
many UltraMix 2 songs we want to debut for you guys tonight, I don't think anybody else
has these right now, so we're playing them for you guys, and getting your thoughts on
it as well over the Skypline, and we'll talk about UltraMix 2 when we come back from this,
listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
You know she's got everything
That a woman needs
To get a man
Yeah, yeah
How can she lose
When she's with you?
Thirty-six, twenty-four
Thirty-six
What a winning hand
She's a brat
How?
She's mighty, mighty
Just letting it all hang out
She's a brat
How?
Yeah, she's the one, the only one, built like a knucklehead's arm, yeah
I said good-bye, I said good-bye, I said good-bye, I said good-bye, I said good-bye, I said good-bye now
Break House
Yeah, she's a knife in my tack
I just didn't at all hang out
Break House
Oh, that lady's back
That's a fact
Ain't holdin' nothin' back
I don't give up
He's out from the race house, yeah
Let me tell you something you don't know
Let me tell you somethin' you don't know Let me tell you somethin' you don't know
Let me tell you something you don't know
If you keep these secrets I will show
I'm gonna make it
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed some of the music there in that
break. All from Ultramix 2. We had a song, you should know this one, Brick House by the
Commodore is finally making its way into a DDR game, that's a great one.
After that was a group called Creo with a song called Burning For You, which is kind
of a, I think it's one of the sleeper hits in the mix, honestly.
It's one of those songs...
Burn For You.
It burns in your ears, like, after you hear it, but in a good way.
I really like this song, it's like one of my, like, top three favorite songs in the
mix, I think.
I don't know, there's so many, I love all the poppy songs in the mix.
I love them.
Love them so much.
And after that was Catch It by Total Science, which is a song I don't particularly care
for so much.
And Dark Sakura is discovering the wonders of PictoChat with Loki on the DS right now.
What are you guys drawing pictures of?
My artwork is pretty damn good on this thing.
I want to put it up on the cam.
You can try, but it looks really blurry.
I can go try to put it up on the cam, but you're going to have to chat while I do it.
Okay.
You need to...
I drew a picture of a toilet.
You can barely see it.
Yeah, you can barely see it, but it's coming out okay.
Look, he sent me a picture of a turd.
And I sent him a picture of my horse.
And he sent me a picture of glue, and I sent him a picture of a toilet.
Here, take that thing, take that foul thing back.
I'm supposed to be doing my homework.
I was going to say, I found a way to distract DarkSakra from her homework, show her PictoChat.
And now Loki is repeatedly sending me pictures of him holding a gun, shooting RVGL children.
That's like the third one he sent. Alright, I'm turning this off. We've got a show to do.
I'm really scared about the next, like, anime con, or better yet, DDR tournament, with all these DS's.
There's going to be like, every kid on the block is going to have their DS there and
drawing naughty pictures back and forth.
Did you like how there's a big old warning in the DS manual about parents, you should
advise your children if they're under 15 about the warnings of chatting with strangers.
When picking a name, make sure it's gender of, what was it, gender neutral.
I didn't understand the reasoning behind that.
I guess that's so that.
Dirty old man can't pick up on you.
With a DS.
Seriously, if you're a dirty old man hitting on girls on a DS, you're sad.
Desperation.
Let's see, here it is.
This is on page 10 of the manual.
Important privacy information.
Nintendo DS wireless communication, including PictoChat, is not monitored.
In other words, they're saying this is not Xbox.
This means PictoChat does not block messages from strangers.
Similar to unmonitored internet chat rooms,
children should be warned about receiving messages from or communicating
with strangers. Up to 15 other DS users within range of your Nintendo DS may be
able to view your nickname and messages within a selected chat room at any one
time. I hope to God because we live in an apartment complex so there's four
more buildings around here. There's kids over there, and they got video games. Mommy, mommy,
gimme PicnoChat, gimme DS. Oh, I can't wait. Oh, hey, who's this chatting on here? Penis.
And it goes on to say, an adult should assist children with a system setup and instruct
them not to use personal information and not meet strangers. Okay, that's the part I don't
get because how far does the DS work like it's only like 30 feet so chances
are you're already by the stringer but not necessarily because 30 feet and I
think that you can ping off of each other I think that would be something
else yeah or give personal information to anyone because it could be read by a
stranger so don't put your credit card number on pictochat okay well okay yeah
okay 15 year olds don't put your credit card number your social security on a
picked up chat you know wait wait wait wait I'm gonna let me be the first one
to say this right now okay you're gonna see an article within I'm gonna give it
like three months kids cut in school using the DS's to cheat on tests
seriously you know what they could already do it though is cell phone text
messaging I've already heard of that one in fact even because it's not a huge
secret I'm a teacher in my day job except I teach adults and adults are
just as bad as children but they use email they'll use their email system to
email each other during tests I have to watch them it's sad not everybody it's
I'm talking about one or two bad apples spoiling the bunch obviously exactly
whatever date you choose to enter is your month or day of birth year is not
asked for and it's your birthday message will be communicated in the chat room on
that date. For more information, visit nintendo.com slash consumer slash dsprivacy. That's some
good reading if you're ever really...
I love how the little warning comes up every time you turn that on. Be sure to look into
the health risks while playing the DS.
DS causes cancer. No, I don't know. Anyway, back to the big Bomani news from this week.
Ultramix 2, DDR Ultramix 2, hitting the Xbox. I know a lot of us have gotten a chance to
play it on yesterday, 20 November, during the special, and some of us have been playing
it throughout the weekend. Loki, what'd you think of Ultramix 2 overall?
It was good. It was definitely a good mix of, you know, basically it's almost all new
stuff anyways. And they did a really good job on it, really good job putting it together.
I was under the impression that there'd be more actual videos for these songs, like, you know, not this random shit, but eh, it's okay.
But the steps seemed pretty good. Really, I didn't have any complaints about it, except maybe bomb mode was kind of stupid.
Some of the extra party stuff is kind of, eh, whatever. It's different. That's pretty much all it is, yeah. I like it so far, though.
What about Songlist?
Songlist was very good. I like all this stuff that you haven't heard before, like the new remixes and stuff from Different Drum. Very good decision there.
Whoever decided to hook up with a different drum for the songs bless you bless your little heart a million times over
That was the most genius idea for DDR
Seriously, that was as good as the original idea to hook up with Toshiba EMI in Japan for dance mania
And I know I've said it on this show before that all DDR needed was to hook up with another record label
Just like Toshiba EMI in Japan hook up with a record label here and get some good songs and thank God
Somebody finally listened. Of course. I know they probably weren't really listening to me
me, but somebody else thought of the idea, and hooray, it had great effects on DDR. I
think the different drum stuff is the best music in the game. Anyway, Arkadian, what
are your thoughts on UltraMix 2 being a DDR, mostly import, fanatic, but how do you like
this domestic release?
Yeah, it was pretty good. I would definitely say it was probably the best US mix that I've
I've seen. Yeah, probably is the best US mix.
Yeah, a lot of cool new stuff.
Actually, I saw on some of the videos for the new stuff, they have, like, the website of the people.
Some people that did them.
And a lot of this stuff is pretty good.
I'd want to actually check out the bands that did them.
Which I'm sure if any bands ever heard that, they'd be very happy to hear that.
You know, having their songs in DDR gets them the extra exposure.
I mean, honestly, never heard Echo Image.
Never heard of them before they were in UltraMix 2.
And now I am a huge fan of them. I know most of the people that do this show
I know we've gotten tons of listeners in on that band. I mean, it's great
I mean, it's been great promotion for not just them but the other bands, too
I know there's a lot of day behavior fans and stuff too. So but
anyway
Yes, Jamie
Nothing. I just don't think the sentence makes sense. Oh
It was Mr. Sucker's contention that this violated the implied warranty of merchantability.
Does that sound correct?
It's big words, but it sounds fine to me.
I didn't mean to interrupt the Vimani discussion. I just had an agonizing moment over my own grammar.
Have you gotten a chance to play Ultramix 2 at all?
No. I haven't had a chance to do anything.
You'll have a chance before next week's show, hopefully.
Well, I'm hoping to get some time and, um, of course, um, it's probably going to be after
I get back from Aladamma.
Gotcha.
But, I've had other priorities.
Fair enough.
Balmani can't always come first.
Well, it could.
I left work early on Friday and ran over to GameCrazy to try and find the game and all
they had was the bundles.
Hiss!
Hiss!
All they had were the bundles, so I went over to Gamestop instead.
Good.
Go to Gamestop first.
You make me cry.
It's just the GameStop people are always hounding me.
Then go to the one of our Danvers!
It's too far of a drive!
Well then tell me and I'll go.
Fine.
Okay.
Alright.
I'm crying!
No you're not. No you're not.
Anything else you want to say about UltraMix 2 Arcadian?
Yeah, and the backgrounds are seizureific.
And if you play it for like over an hour or so, you'll start to get a headache if you have those on.
because I know I was after playing like two hours
to play a bit more after we left, my head was starting to hurt.
It helped to have these classes that are not the best.
I disagree actually. I think in the past three days I've played more
DDR than I have since I like first got into the game or like I would say after
fourth mix was new in arcades.
Huh?
Oh no, I have that 7-up sub.
Um, sorry about that.
I've played more DDR in the past three days than I have since I first probably played fourth or fifth mix, honestly.
That's how much I'm into this mix.
And I haven't had a seizure yet, but I agree that the backgrounds are really bright and it makes sudden mode very difficult.
I had a seizure yesterday.
What?
I'm kidding.
seem to try to throw as much shit on the screen as possible so you'll screw up and miss the
arrows. Like, you'll lose an arrow in all the busyness of the screen.
And in challenge mode, that can be a bitch. You can turn the videos off, people.
I know, but it's not as much fun that way. What was up with rage? First off, having ginormous
hair, and second, dancing like a fucking woman. Well, it did in fourth mix.
He had Emmys dances!
what Loki oh the tournament we did on 20 November yeah unfortunately not a whole
lot of people on Xbox Live just yet we tried doing a big tournament on Xbox
Live yesterday and we managed to finally get four people a four-person tournament
it was awesome but here's my advice to you guys that played the tournaments on
Xbox Live change the song or else you'll play the whole song the whole tournament
it was get it all we ended up playing get it all through the whole tournament
which is kinda nice because in a way was kinda funny because
you usually don't play the song pack games on live that much but
I don't know I think with the new lobby system Ultramix 2 changed the whole
live interface where you have the lobby now and you go back to the lobby once
you finish the game it just
just doesn't end the game and everybody goes off their own direction so I think having
that lobby allows you to see if people have song packs and stuff and it's much
easier for
getting to play some of those songs on Xbox Live. And speaking
of song packs. Song pack 7 is on the way out
and we know some of the songs are going to be in that. A lot of classic DDR songs.
Everything from end of the century to era. And a brand new song
I feel the junk circuit mix. But unfortunately
from what we understand the song pack has been submitted
but it has not been added by Microsoft yet. Which is the case
has been the case for a lot of previous song packs from DDR UltraMix so
hopefully soon.
Probably I would honestly check Monday because I bet you Microsoft will add them on
Monday we'll see we shall see as far as my personal thoughts on the mix like I
said I've played this game more in the past three days than any DDR mix in a
long long time I really like it I love the fact that now it feels like DDR is
not just being copies of Japanese mixes and by that I mean like you know how
like when you run a copy on the copier and then you copy it again like Alex
kind of starts to lose a little bit of quality you get some new things on there
some new little lines and smidges and stuff but it's not the same you know
what I mean so it's kind of been interesting to see this be really the
first mix that wasn't going to be compared and everything else I even
think with UltraMix 1 a lot of people were saying oh it's just max on the
Xbox but with UltraMix 2 I think a lot of people really didn't know what to
expect it got slammed a lot after e3 because the interface was kind of weird
and you know the song list was not all that hot at the time because they were
keeping all the good stuff under wraps, but boy, when they hooked up with a different
drum and got all the new songs, it's just absolutely amazing. And the Xbox Live stuff,
the phenomenal, having the edit steps online is great. I would say the only downsides I've
seen so far to the game is maybe, I'm still noticing some frame rate issues in some songs.
It's not a huge deal.
No, it's a big deal.
With the videos running, it is
laggy as fuck. I mean, the frame rates drop pretty bad.
And I'm surprised with it being, you know, a final product that
it's having this problem.
I mean, there are some serious frame rate issues with this.
But, you know, if that really bothers you, turn off the videos.
And I'm sure it'll fix it.
It doesn't bother me that much.
It doesn't bother me that much, but what does bother me is that I don't know if it's my dance pad, so I can't really blame the game for this, but I'm having some problem hitting some steps, and it might be this weird dance pad, but I'm hearing the doubles kind of have some very finicky timing issues on it, but honestly, those are very minor things.
I had trouble with the controller, too. I'd be hitting stuff, and it wouldn't register, so that was annoying.
I think a lot of people were saying that they were a little concerned about the steps when
they first heard that, oh, new people are making the steps, and it's, you know, long
time DDR fans, and oh, who knows what that could be, and I think there were some people
out there that were even dogging on it. Makers of another game were dogging on the DDR Ultra
Mix 2 stuff. Which is really fucking unprofessional, excuse
me. Well, yeah, we already discussed that in a
previous episode, I'm not going to go there again, but I believe it was Cuttriss on DDR
Freak said something about those folks are eating a nice slice of humble pie right now,
and I thought that was a very good way of putting it, because people are just loving
the steps. I honestly have not heard really bad things about the steps yet. Which, in
every DDR mix, what's the first thing that people knock? The steps. Every DDR mix. But
not this one so far. Granted, there's been a couple people saying, oh, you know, some
of the songs are triple A-able and the timing window is meh, but that timing window and
the steps aren't the same to me, you know?
Clearly, the person that was working on Sound Pack 6 was not working on this game.
And thank heavens for that.
Yes.
And it's been really neat to see the edit mode stuff online too, because some folks
over from the DER Freak thread are already uploading all the ONI edits, I saw some of
those on there, I downloaded a few of them, it was pretty cool.
The only thing I had a problem with is they kind of tucked that away, you know, the whole...
I agree it was not as easy to find as it should have been, but...
And plus, I think it's kind of got a lousy setup the way that you download the songs
because you have to have the person on your friends list, or they have to be in the top
100, which right now isn't a problem, but once you get more than 100 people on there
with edits, it's going to be hard to find people with edits.
So I think that might be, it wasn't maybe the brightest way to do it, but maybe it was
the only way they could. I don't know. It's better than nothing. It's better than nothing.
It changes now another time. Or even later. I mean, who's to say you couldn't, you know,
because they have, you know, where you can update your software and stuff.
I don't know if I'd ever see that happening with UltraMix 2. I think they'll just do an
UltraMix 3 and fix all those things. So we'll see.
Well some of us are better than no one, so. Yeah. Alright. Well I'm going to go ahead
and open up the Skype line if some folks want to comment on UltraMix 2. You can go ahead
and give us a call. Just go over to www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on interact with us and you can
give our show a call and let us know your thoughts on UltraMix 2 if you picked it up.
Not the Japanese import games just yet. We'll get to those in a little while. I know some
of you guys want to talk about Festival and the other stuff. We will get to those a little
I just want to talk about Ultramix 2 right now. Favorite song so far in Ultramix 2? What do you think, Logie?
Oh, man. I love the Midi Head remix of In My Eyes. That's my favorite. Second favorite, Monkey Punk.
Which is funny because I remember somebody saying that Monkey Punk, somebody who heard these songs before we did,
saying that Monkey Bong was not that great of a song. It's actually pretty funny. I enjoyed
it. I like it because it just feels like Guitar Freaks. Arcadian, favorite song in the mix
so far? I haven't heard them enough to really give a favorite. I like some of the new stuff,
like the new sort of electronic type of stuff. Yeah, a lot of the different drum stuff. Anything
that you've heard that you like so far? Jamie, anything you've heard yet?
I haven't been overly displeased except for the ten Goku. That was just crappy.
Jonas, anything you... Well, I haven't really heard much of the songs,
but some of the stuff I would consider my favorite so far, until I actually play the
game, would be like Jam On It, or... The booty ones.
Or Burn For You. Yeah, those are my top two so far.
Gem on, it's fun. I would say my top three, Skulk, Love Skulk, Love Skulk, Wherever You
Are by Lava, and Tough Enough by Vanilla Ninja. Love that song, and the video is cheesy-riffic.
Love Skulk, but hate the cut of Skulk.
You're kind of mad because they took out the vocals.
Horrible edit of Skulk, but other than that, it's alright.
Once you hear the original, you're just like, ugh.
You know what? I don't know so much, because the part with the female vocals is my favorite part of the whole song, and that's in there, so I'm okay with the cut that they use.
I agree it's kind of sad that the male vocal could be in there too, but I don't know how they could have cut it.
But they need to definitely make sure that this... Stick with a different drum for the next mix. That's what I think.
Seriously.
establish yourselves with a different drum because obviously it's bringing
them a lot of you know promotion and it's just you know it's a very good deal
I think because you're gonna hear all these artists you've never heard before
and you're kind of get these brand new artists you know coming out just because
of this I'm looking at the chat room some folks in the chat room are
answering the question there iguana girl says her favorite song is standing still
in time also one of my favorites I keep I keep neglecting that one because it's
kind of an easier song so I don't play it so much because I kind of like sevens
and that one's only like a five but that's a great song love that song too
again different drum great song I see gyrus full tilt mix says dark Tetsuya
his favorite song awesome video love the gyrus full tilt video because it
actually has screens from the old-school gyrus and a lot of fun all right so
anyway I guess we'll do is take a break then we're gonna come back and talk a
little more about Ultramix 2. Looks like folks are shy tonight, don't really want
to talk to us on the Skype line. That's fine, see if we care. That's just fine,
we'll sit here and talk for you. So we're gonna go to some more Ultramix 2 songs
because we promised we would play as many of these as we could for you guys
tonight. We're gonna start it off with the other Day Behavior song. I know you
guys have heard a lot of Superstar, the Never Aca mix, but they have another song
that's really good in Ultramix 2 and it's called Close Your Eyes. We're gonna
start this break off with that song, and we'll be back.
You and I together in the sky Forever young, we can never die
Close your eyes Close your eyes and let us fly
You and I Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes
Close your eyes
Close your eyes
Close your eyes and let us fly
You and I
You and I
Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes, close your eyes, Close your eyes and let us fly
You and I, you and I Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes, close your eyes, Close your eyes and let us fly
Fly, you and I Fly together, we can touch the sky
Yes, smarty-cans, go ahead, find me something new right now, you're so smart, go ahead,
I haven't heard
I knew you were gonna want me, I knew you wanted me, It might be a different show on the way.
And you, you're gonna want to, but you won't do, it might be a different story
Keep your mind, keep your mind, keep your mind from falling way down
And look, you're gonna want me
Up when you want me
It might be a different story
Keep your body, keep your body
Keep your body, all the way down
Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get Down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get Down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get Down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get Down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get Down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
Do the get Down
Do the Damos on Da Back
Do the Ha Get Down
easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 119 in progress.
And somebody in chat said that they wanted to call on the Skype line, so I'm going to
go ahead and open up the Skype line back one more time, see if we can get a call on there.
So you can go ahead and call on our Skype line right now if you want, www.orangeloungeradio.com
and click on interact with us.
While waiting for that call, Loki has some exciting news he wants to share with you guys
about something we've got set up for next week. Oh wait, nevermind, we're getting that
call. We'll get back to that in a little bit. Hi, you're on Orange
Honors Radio. Hey, Rob. Hey, who's this? Jazz. Hi, Jazz, how are you? I'm good, how are you?
Good! So you've been playing a lot of UltraMix too? Of course. And what do you think so far?
I think it's awesome. You think it's awesome? Now you're somebody, how long have you been
playing DDR? 1999. 1999, and would you... You're old school like us. Would you like
Now you don't have to agree with me, but would you say, along with me, that this is the best
home mix they've ever released?
Of course, yes, definitely.
What is it that makes this mix so damn beautiful?
It's because they took it in a whole new different direction and gave us Americans something
that hasn't been rehashed from Japan a million times over.
It's the copy of a copy thing!
Exactly.
Exactly.
I would say a different drum is the best thing that happened to Ultramix 2, honestly, my
opinion, but, and Xbox Live, because I love Xbox Live. I never thought, I never thought
two, three years ago, how long ago did Xbox first come out? Three years ago or so? I never
thought I would be sitting here saying I actually love an Xbox game, but it's true. I have to
eat my words.
Yep. A lot of people are doing that.
I know. So how's the competition going on Xbox Live? Aren't you ranked like number three
or four right now on there?
Something like that last time I checked. It's pretty easy.
It's easy?
Like the timing is really pathetic actually.
I like triple A'd at least ten songs last night.
I was so surprised.
Yeah, I triple A'd ten songs.
Okay, on the 20 November special yesterday, I was playing on light mode.
Now shut up, because I was actually on dance pad.
I got one great on four songs in a row.
Nice.
I was so pissed off.
That happened to me a lot on Heavy and I was really mad at that for a while.
Listen, you and your DDR skills.
Now, I don't know, any suggestions
you would take to the Konami team for Ultramix 3 ideas?
A lot more 2DX crossovers, a lot more B-Money crossovers.
I didn't even know that something like Midnight Special was so awesome
until I actually got to play it.
and guitar freaks. Is it just me or does Sleepwalker sound like a total, is that the name that's
on Sleepwalker? Does that sound like a total guitar freak song?
It does. And the Boy Zone or whatever that other song
was, what was that? Boy Jazz? No, Boy Zone is that you're a band, huh?
Think it's something else. Euromix. That's Euromix.
Yeah. Alright. Anything else you want to say?
Not really, except come on people, practice, give me a challenge.
Oh, a call, a call to those on Xbox Live challenge. What's your gamertag so folks can find you?
Kamikaze cat.
Kamikaze cat. Alright. Whoop some ass. Alright. Good luck to you.
Alright, you too. Bye.
Alright, later. Bye. Now what he doesn't know is I plan to take him over in the rankings
very soon.
Now maybe it's just me, but I honestly think that this DDR mix is so good that we seriously
need to start hounding, and I don't mean like just writing letters and you know saying pretty
please, I mean hounding Konami, everybody from every angle to let Konami of Hawaii do
a new arcade mix and put a new arcade mix out there in America.
Anybody else feel similarly at all?
Or have you guys given up on DDR in the arcade?
I don't know.
Is it just me?
Not necessarily a having given up, just no expectation really.
That's kind of where I'm at right now, which is why it would be such a pleasant surprise
to see a new arcade mix.
And I think that with all this great music they're getting in DDR now, and just the way
it's been presented, and the way the steps were done and everything, I think they've
proven themselves that they can do a mix for America and make it really darn good.
good, and it's not just something rehashed from Japan. And I think they need to do it.
But maybe it's just me. I don't know. What could we do to get them to make a new mix,
other than hounding them? I know we can't make anybody do anything, but how could we
Hostile takeover! Hostile takeover. We'll buy 51 shares of their stock. That's a really
good idea. Yeah, we could do that. Oh my God. Then we would, then as, and honestly as shareholders
they would have we would have interest in the company's activity. That is a
brilliant idea. Is Konami a publicly traded company
though as Japanese? I do believe so actually. One second.
Oh she's looking it up in the business law book. That's a really good idea.
Oh man we should become Konami shareholders.
That's a great idea Jamie. All right. All right Jamie's gonna look that up in
in the business law book over there on what's going on with the possibility of buying shares
in economy. Any other methods?
Just check up and make sure to see what their corporate deal is.
Okay. Any thoughts from you, Loki, about a new arcade mix? Haven't you been saying for
a long time they need to do a new arcade mix? Now you're all of a sudden really quiet.
Yeah, I've been saying that for a long time. No, the reason I'm quiet is because McDonald's
kicking it that that wanting to die feeling I'm loving it I think I found it
okay businesses have relationships with all sorts of people other than their
stockholders including employees suppliers customers creditors in the
local community aha under the stakeholder interest theory of social
responsibility a corporation must consider the effects its actions will
have on the other stakeholders. Interesting. So there may actually be a legal requirement
okay, to satisfy those who have a stake in their activity. Not just their shareholders
but also their customers. This is a great idea. I'm seriously going to look into buying
Konami stock. You can just buy like 5, 10 shares of stock on E-Trade right? There's
also this one here. For example, a corporation would violate the stakeholder interest theory
if it viewed employees solely as a means of maximizing stockholder wealth. So, basically,
they have to treat their employees well, of course. But also, that's not just saying that
anyone who has an interest in the activity of the company, you know, if they're not meeting
the majority interest, then they're actually violating that rule.
So if you love Konami and you want to see them do right, put your money where your mouth
is and buy a piece of them.
I think it's a brilliant idea.
I think that we should buy Konami stock.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to look into it.
I don't know.
There's a business major in the chat room.
Can you answer this for me?
I know.
Maybe we're just talking out our asses here.
But in theory, it sounds like a good idea.
It really does.
I don't know.
I mean.
Oh, um, Zaku found the financial info.
Oh, beautiful.
Thank you, Zaku.
Let's see.
there over it. I think I might have misinterpreted some of this, but I mean, look at this. I mean, okay, granted, like, one person couldn't just buy, like, two shares and then expect to run the company. But if several people bought several shares that collectively had a say, they might listen to you. Maybe we should incorporate ourselves. Seriously. Oh, I think we need to do that anyway. Yeah, but, Orange Lawn Trading will not be a publicly traded company because nobody's going to tell us what to do. Exactly.
He wouldn't make any money anyway.
We'll be privately owned.
There are earnings for this year.
One dollar.
In the negative.
Beautiful.
I'd like to thank my friend Julie who I'm on another form of chat that I'm not letting
anybody know because I don't want them to send me messages all of a sudden.
Alright.
The site, if you're ready, is konami.com slash en slash ir slash, wait, another page popped
up over it.
Let me get the address again.
Okay.
It's konami.com slash en slash ir slash stockholder info, all one word, slash index dot html.
And it actually goes back to investor relations.
I posted that in our chatroom if folks are curious about that one.
This is kind of cool.
This is very interesting.
This is a very interesting direction you've just kind of taken this program, Jamie.
Very interesting.
As of 19 November, K&M stock is $22.09 a share.
Not too shabby.
I could buy five shares of that.
Maybe, maybe, maybe we as, you know, find out what would, how many, how many shares
are available?
I don't know.
But, you know, maybe see about what it would be to...
I don't know the first thing about playing the stock market.
But as shareholders, though, we would have a right in our voice and how the company is
right.
You know, I...
This is what it is for me.
I love this game.
My life has changed for the better in many ways because of this game, and I know that
kind of sounds, you know, maybe sad to some people, but seriously, I've met a lot of great
people because of this game.
I've, you know, helped, I've started, along with Dark Sacra and Loki, a radio program
which I love doing, you know, twice a week, and this game has done so much.
I believe in this game.
I want to see this game have a future.
I'm going to put my money where my mouth is and buy a piece of it.
One thing that I need to point out to, who is this, Primo Maggot, I guess?
Okay.
Lovely name.
You can only buy as many shares that are available, too, for purchase because they are going to
take certain interest to make sure that those takeover cases...
person doesn't do a hostile takeover.
Exactly, exactly. They have ways of making sure that you're not...
But at any rate, even if you own one share,
you have basically an interest in how the company operates.
You have a right to say, I am not pleased with what you are doing. You have to listen to me.
Not that I would say I'm not pleased with what they're doing, but I would say...
But overall, I mean in general.
You know, I'm disappointed in what you're doing.
you know
It's just a matter of you know you you would now actually as you have a full
You know an interest in their activity
Not just an interest as a consumer, but an interest as someone who was making money off of this company
I think I think you got a great idea on your hands Jamie
And I'm care it is worth the hundred bucks for five shares to find out honestly
You know if really if you want to make your voice
So you can write all the letters you want to until the cows come home until they're run over by a katamari, but
But if you actually go out, put the money down, and say, I have interest in your company,
this is what I would like to see, then this is a real definite way to make your voice
heard.
Interesting.
This is going to be very interesting to see where this goes.
If anything becomes of this idea, I'm very curious to see what happens.
We'll see.
Lowkey, you have a comment?
No, I was just thinking it would be cool if they had DDR for the DS.
Second word.
Anyway.
Wow.
Now the chat room is running away with this idea.
Zaku says, I propose every DDR player in the country over the age of 18 buy at least one share of Konami stock.
Maybe pulling legs there, but if you could get a large amount of them to, you could.
And then Primo Maggot says, and then show up at Konami's shareholder meeting.
You know what? I'm actually seriously considering doing it.
Look at this, Jamie. Your school and now this are coming together. You can apply this business
law knowledge your professor would be so proud of.
Even though I changed my major and the class is no longer required?
That's all right. You would still make your professor proud. Do you want to send a copy
of this program or do we say fuck too much?
I think we say fuck a bit too much.
Did they allow me to come in wearing, you know, an eyepatch and a pirate bandana during
the shareholders meeting?
Okay.
I'm not gonna do a hostile takeover.
Okay, honestly, if you want to be taken seriously, if you want this idea to be taken seriously,
no you can't come to the shareholder meeting dressed like a pirate.
But I think hell no we won't go would be okay.
No, I don't know.
Very interesting. Alright, well, to be continued, I'm gonna do some-
I play party games, come on, what were you thinking?
I've got, I've got a lot of time off work this week, thanks to Thanksgiving, and uh-
I have a lot of time off during work, thanks to my work.
So now, I, now it's on.
Julie suggested we insert bleep for fuck.
No way, I'm not gonna bleeping censor myself. Alright.
Sleep you buddy!
Alright, let's get to, let's change topics completely, something we haven't
talked about a whole lot tonight, but damn, it's a big deal.
What? Where are we gonna be talking? Oh yeah, okay, sorry, Loki.
We're gonna do the Kiryamoka giveaway very soon, but Loki, you have an
announcement you want to talk about.
Anyways, as we were mentioning earlier about, you know,
how we were going to have conception on the show and
conception out there with waldo
in the meantime we were talking with another artist out there and i think we
mentioned on the other show
next week
on orange silence radio
coming to you live
the guy behind one of the best remixes i think in
this new
uh... ultra mix 2 and neddr honestly
midi head will be on the show
Awesome.
And Midyhead is not just a guy that does
DDR songs either. No, he's done a lot of stuff that you probably heard but didn't know was him.
He's done music
for Ryan Seacrest's show that's no longer on air. Okay, let's get past that.
He's done music for Alias.
There's a bunch of other shows on there. She-Spies.
He did actually one of the trailers for the Matrix Revolution...
Reloaded, I should say, one of the songs
that I entered in Cage Mash and didn't win, but that's okay. Um, and um, just a bunch
of other stuff. Um, I think there's some other games also, but I don't remember offhand.
But yeah, he will be on the show next week.
I'm looking forward to talking to Midyhead. We got a lot of good questions for him too.
I'm, I'm excited about that. So, now we'll have our first interview with a DDR artist.
Hopefully. And this one will air!
We'll see. Alright. Anyway. Okay, uh, as promised, so more to come on that. Just keep an eye
on our website for more details on that. And if you guys have questions, um, for Midihead,
you can send them in. We'll create a thread in our forums or you can ask questions live
during next week's show. I can't eat this microphone I found out. Alright, anyway, let's
Let's get to the other order of business tonight.
That's right, it is time for the very first drawing in the Akira Yamaka signed CD giveaway.
We've asked you questions Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday nights.
You guys have entered and we're gonna pull a name out of the hat right now and find ourselves
a winner right now live on air.
Don't worry guys though if you didn't win this week, you got a whole nother chance.
We're doing the whole thing, we're just rewinding and repeating next week.
And you have a chance to win Monday night, Tuesday night, and Thursday night.
Monday night's diversion of a Monty Remix show, Tuesday night's pump up the volume,
Randomness with Dark Sacro, and Thursday night, Outside the Box Gaming with myself.
And remember, listen all three nights, you can enter three times if you listen all three
times.
And I realize one of those nights is Thanksgiving, but you know what, if I'm going to be here
and do a show, we're going to do a drawing, dammit.
Alright, so Jamie, you want to pick our winner?
Do I want to?
Alright.
Sure!
Alright, she's going to pick our winner, she's going to reach into the hat and pull out a
Really?
It's the Dr. Dick hat, I feel dirty.
Yes, it's the Dr. Dick hat.
Alright, hold on, we're going to, I'm going to mix it up.
I want to caress the names.
You can caress the lovely names and then pull one out of the hat and we're going to see who wins.
Jazz!
Jazz is the winner! Congratulations!
Woo!
Good job. He was the one that just called, too.
Yay!
that was an entry from Thursday night he was listening Thursday night and entered
and got in so good job jazz our winner of the first a Kiryamoka signed CD again
guys if you didn't win this week yeah I get next week we're gonna be doing the
whole thing one more time good job and we'll be contacting you over email to
get your address so we can send that to you or well graduations yay
All right.
Is he even listening still?
I don't know.
He probably went back to playing UltraMix II, so he probably doesn't even know he won.
He's all, huh?
Yeah, he just goes, huh?
He doesn't even know why he won.
All right, well, he'll figure it out pretty soon.
He figured it out.
Oh, I guess the buffer, yeah.
Yes, Jazz, you won.
Anyways, alright, so he's gonna win that signed Kiryamoka, what is this here, a mini disc
from Silent Hill 4 The Room, it's a Japanese CD, here I'm gonna, we'll put this on cam
too, and it's signed by a Kiryamoka.
Again, if you didn't win tonight, try again this week.
And he gets the special copy that I scraped with iron wool.
No you did not, quit lying, quit lying.
But maybe we'll send Jazz some other Orange Lawn Fries as well.
are speed grooves. Oh, that'd be cool. Jamie's going to try and scan it so we can get a picture
in. We'll do that with the other disk that we're going to give away this next week. I
can try and put this on cam, but I don't think it's going to turn out very well. Let me try.
There's speed grooves to make it play faster. Jamie, you know what we've missed? What? The
The ferrets.
I'm sorry, listeners.
Give me the babies!
My ferrets.
My ferrets.
Hey, don't throw that at my paper.
Babies!
Sweet!
Is this the retard baby?
I think the retard baby is in the closet.
Hey, this is my laptop, okay?
Sorry.
I throw like a girl, sorry.
The retard one died of complications.
It died as crap. Oh, somebody stapled this one. Somebody did an operation on this one.
That was mine, because I had to, yeah, because the geniuses that made those ferrets didn't put, like, any sort of, like, Velcro or zipper thing to put, you know, replace the batteries, so.
Maybe we'll have to give away the retarded ferrets, which can be fixed by putting more batteries in, I think.
All right. We're going to go to break, and when we come back, I want to talk a little bit about some of those other releases that came out tonight.
stuff that I know nothing about so I'm gonna try and call somebody over the
skype line to kind of talk about it a little bit but in the meantime we're
gonna go to a break with some more music from ultramix 2 DDR and then the cage
match as well I spy is the first song we're gonna hear in this break as well
as I'm in Heaven and Istanbul Cafe. We'll be back.
Come on, man! Come on, man!
Don't wanna be the one to tell you how I feel When these feelings I have really are for
real The time is right for this, a love to shine
on through But you gotta tell me what you wanna do
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
Hey, did you hear about that show?
What show?
Well, they play a lot of great Bimani and video of East game music, but if you listen
to it, you have to listen to it again within seven days.
Oh, I've heard of that station.
Really?
Yeah, I even listened to it a couple weeks ago.
Hey, what happens to you if you don't listen to it again?
Well, you die.
I what?
Hey!
Wait!
What's this crazy bitch doing coming out of my computer screen?
Orange Lounge Radio, listen or die!
Seven days.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We just heard some more songs from DDR Ultra Mix 2.
Yay, Jazz!
Including I Spy.
I'm so excited.
I'm in Heaven and Istanbul Cafe.
I'm so excited! I'm so proud!
He says he's contemplating giving it away as a Christmas gift. Isn't that cute?
To me, well...
Well, thank you.
We'll see.
He also is in our chat room right now and he says that Istanbul Cafe sounds like
Exotic Ethnics' little brother.
Which is kind of, yeah, it's kind of appropriate. I could see that. It's pretty cute.
I love that song, I'm in Heaven, by the way. The one Jason Nevins featuring Holly James,
which by the way is a former cage match winner from this very program
uh... loki had picked that song in a cage match so
so when we get to the cage match tonight just realized some of those songs may
end up in a future version of DDR not that we have
what? yeah you need a new song for cage match
not that
we have any pull whatsoever when it comes to DDR songs but you know we just
have good taste and so does you know
people that make DDR what can we say
uh... also after all was one of uh... jamie's previous picks and then there's
another song called Wherever You Are by Lava. That was one of my previous picks, so that's
three songs, one from each of us. Pretty crazy. Alright, we are going to get to the cage match
a little bit, but first off, I want to talk a little bit about 2DX8 style, because that's
a huge thing that's coming out, right? Oh, it came out already in Japan. It's exciting
because it has some 2DX Red songs that are unlockable in it, including Spiral Galaxy
is one of the songs, and then there's these great new consumer songs. I definitely want
play one of the new consumer songs for you, but first, I thought maybe we'd give somebody
a call that knows a little bit more about this stuff than I do, because I haven't really
been following the 8 style news. Jimmy, have you been following the 8 style news at all?
Kinda, sorta, I honestly haven't had time. Low-key, have you at all? A little bit. Arkadian,
I know you have a little bit, but... He's trying to find the mic. Yeah, a little bit,
Yeah, I read a little bit of stuff, but...
Sounds exciting for you here?
Yeah, sounds pretty cool.
Alright. Let's see what our buddy at DarkLionXVI has to say about 2DX.
Have we talked to him about 2DX before?
Hello?
Hello, Sky.
Hi, is this Ziggy?
Yup.
Hey, how you doing?
Doing fine.
Alright.
Little bit anticipated.
Where's your copy of 2DX8 style?
Well, it's already in the UPS office here in Vegas.
They won't deliver it until tomorrow.
Don't you just want to go break in and get it?
I don't think so. Not a good idea. He doesn't want to get busted.
So tell us about some of the things we have to look forward to in 2DX8 style.
The main menu's interface is like DDR Extreme US's Song Select Wheel.
Really?
Wait, it has the Song Select Wheel from EXUS? What?
Wow, that's crazy. I didn't know about that one, huh?
Does it have iToy support too?
Okay, well that's good.
What about some of the new unlocks, some of the new songs?
About the unlocks thing,
Spiral Gatsby and Taiyou.
You can unlock them by playing all of the 8 style songs including the exclusives.
However, there's a catch.
Not use EZ.
Oh, what happens if you do use EZ, you're screwed?
You cannot be able to unlock it.
interesting i have to be formal or hard mode okay well mental note to those you
guys may get eight style don't play easy to unlock it
and what about some of these consumer style songs
well i haven't heard much
even uh... everyday lovely day or nebula grasper i'm gonna try to get it tonight
okay we're gonna play some of them actually here right after i'm done
talking to you everyday lovely day
i absolutely love everyday lovely day so we're gonna play that one we'll probably
throw in nebula grasper as well because i know that's what a lot of people looking
forward to
LED looks like he's back. There were rumors that he left, but he came back. Do you know anything about that?
No, I haven't been browsing around Vermont-y style about that.
Huh. Alright, well. That's alright. I was just curious, because a lot of people were saying that LED had left, and now all of a sudden he's got all these songs again, so...
If he did leave, he came back pretty quick. I don't know what happened there, so...
And one more thing. On the records, it doesn't show the complete listings of your current scores, the progress. The economy somehow removes that.
Huh. That's weird. Interesting. Like if you've beaten the song, or what?
No, just like shows you just greats, greats, like the records of each individual songs, they might have taken that out.
Weird. You're getting some feedback in the chat room there. Jason says, what does he mean the EX US song wheel? What do you mean by that? He said it's 8 style arcade authentic.
Oh, let me try finding that picture. I know it's in Bimani style.
He found a picture of it somewhere. Okay. Well, maybe are you sure it's just not a Photoshop because you know how some of those
Some of those kids some of those kids over there love to Photoshop
All right, we'll see. All right, so Siggy's gonna try and pull up that picture when you find that link
Could you post it in chat room there for some folks that are?
Really curious about what's going on there?
Okay. Oh, here's the thing about AI NSB GL as of last Wednesday
they have BeatMania 2DX11, 2DX Red on their machines.
Oh, very cool. I want to go down to arcade. You know what? Sad, I'm going to be in LA
tomorrow just for the day, but I'm not going to be able to go to Arcade Infinity, so I'm
not going to be able to check it out for a while. But I do want to check the game out.
We'll see.
Mm-hmm.
All right. Okay. Anything else exciting about 2DX Red that you've heard about? The new?
Oh, by the way, on each style, whether regular or limited edition, you will get a goalie cover of a 2DX red e-amusement card featuring Darume and Tsunaru.
Oh, cool. One of those little cards you can put... Oh, that's very cool. Alright.
AI is working on their 2DX e-amusement readers.
Okay. Is the EMU's thing, were there extra songs that were available on 2DX through the EMU's thing?
I never really got...
Oh, they're probably from the network.
Oh, okay. I was just curious, because I know pop music usually has the EMAL songs that end up in the consumer style make releases, but not so much 2DX, so I'm just curious.
Alright, anything else you want to share about what's going on in the 2DX world?
Oh, here it is. I think I found a picture.
Oh, okay, you found a picture.
I'm going to post it over.
Because our chat room is seriously going WTF, because some folks have played it and said it's arcade authentic, so...
I had heard that the title screen was really weird, so maybe that has something to do with what's going on.
Here's the picture. I've linked it.
Okay.
Alright, I'll have to take a look here. I gotta see this for myself here.
Oh.
Oh, interesting. The way it is kind of across the top.
Oh, okay. That's kind of like, okay, kind of like the title screen. I see what you're
talking about. Okay. That's what it is. That funky new menu, like the main menu
where you choose like expert, beginner, how it kind of has that.
This one's featured in the, I think the one right here on the picture right now, it's
I mean, it's chosen as a dani ninte for a class course.
Right. Very interesting. Okay, I'd heard that the title screen was a little different there.
Okay, that makes sense now.
Yeah, it's very different now.
So, but once you get in and you pick the songs, it looks like 8th style.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's good. That's good. And no iToy support.
Yeah, I know.
All right.
And there's also a high-speed setting where you individually choose a song on which high-speed you want.
I've heard about that. That's so good. Like in the expert courses and stuff, you can do a separate high speed for each song?
You can do that too.
Oh thank god. Because that needed that. Because I would hate having a non-stop course and then like I would have like Dune and then I'd have to do 250 BPM. Sucks.
Expert mode.
Yeah. Alright. Very cool. Anything else you want to share about 2DX? What's going on?
Yeah, that's the only thing I can share more.
When I do get my copy of Eight Style, I'll give you pictures, even a clip of me playing dance.
Oh, yes, my favorite song. Alright, definitely.
And we want to talk to you guys, or talk to you a little bit more, when I say you guys, I mean the listeners in general,
about your thoughts on Eight Style when you get it, and we'll give you our thoughts as well.
Alright?
Yeah.
Alright, well thanks for letting us bug you, Siggy. Have a good one.
Alright.
Alright, later.
Alright, some information there on 2DX Eight Style.
style. Scared everybody a little bit with that comparison to EX USA, but it looks like
it's just the menu. Don't worry kids, everything else is still just the same. Don't freak out
on me. Alright, speaking of 2DX8 style, there's some great new consumer songs. It's just so
nice to see the return of consumer songs in 2DX. So we're gonna play a couple of those
for you guys right now. My favorite song, Everyday Lovely Day, the LED style mix, I
love this song, and Nebula Grasper, because that's a really popular one too. We're gonna
play those songs and then we'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio. We'll be back.
You
tb
tb
tb
tb
tb
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, that was a preview of some songs from 2DX8
Style, some new consumer tracks there, Everyday Lovely Day and Nebula Grasper.
Very cool.
Anyway, we are back and also being released this week, DDR Festival and Poppin' Music
10. Don't know a whole lot about Poppin' Music 10 yet. I'm just, I'm not up on the
Poppin' Music scene, to be honest, but I'm gonna try and get Navi back here on the show
after he's gotten a chance to play the copy. I did hear the Akumajo Dracula medleys in
it, which makes me very happy. That makes me go squeak. Yes. I guess it's one of the
E-Mall songs that's in there, so it's very awesome, so. Ah. Happy, happy. Um, and then
DDR Festival, AKA the catch-up to the USA mix, as some people are calling it. A chance
to play a lot of Xbox only songs up until now on your PS2 is coming out, or it came
out I should say in Japan, some folks are getting their copies. I notice a lot of people
are doing a pass on it because, you know, it's very similar. Those folks that already
have an Xbox figure there's not too much of a point, but for those people that don't have
an Xbox, but they do have a JPS2, it's kind of a first chance for them to take a look
at some new songs and also the new interface. So, you know, pretty good. Just pros and cons,
just all depends on what you're looking for in a DDR mix so I'll bet you
anything though whatever they release next year will have some of the Ultra
Mix 2 stuff in it we'll see I could be wrong wouldn't be the first time we'll
see all right anyway I think it's time boys and girls to get into the Orange
Lounge Radio cage match what do you guys think sure they say of course I got to
our song up here. Maybe we should get a new song besides Holik. No. Okay, DXY. No, we'll
use Holik. I was just teasing. We don't really have to change that. Well, replace the Taku
song with the Taku song. Taco? Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage match, I took
a risk by putting in a top 40 song. And what do you know, it worked. You guys voted it
at the winner it was Gwen Stefani and the name of the song is what you waiting
for and that was last week's winner remember the way the cage match works
you hear a clip of last week's winner and two brand new songs in their
entirety as chosen by the orange lounge radio host and then you vote on your
favorite in our chat room and the winning song goes in a rotation all week
long on orange lounge radio live all right so here we go let's start it off
with song number one tonight it's a clip of Gwen Stefani with what you waiting
for.
Oh, watch your body, watch your body, watch your body, watch your body, watch your body
Let's go
Oh, take a, take a, take a, take a, take a break
Take a chance to dig it out
Looking like a failure repeating itself
You know it all by heart, why are you standing in one place?
A moon to floss, a moon to carry
You're moving on because of your thoughts from the zone
I know it's famous, doesn't matter what society all thinks
Life is short, you're capable
Look at your watch now
You're still a super hot female
You've got your million dollar contract
And never waiting for your lunch act
What'cha waitin', what'cha waitin', what'cha waitin', what'cha waitin', what'cha
waiting for
What'cha waitin', what'cha waitin', what'cha waitin', what'cha
waitin', what'cha waitin' for
I can't believe it
Alright, that was a clip of song number one in tonight's Cage Match.
Gwen Stefani, whatcha waitin' for, last week's winner.
Song number two in tonight's Cage Match
comes to us courtesy of Dark Sakura. Dark Sakura, what did you pick out for us tonight?
I picked a song that was in Amplitude. Okay. I'm pretty sure we haven't done a song before.
I would remember a band name like Man Child. I forgot the name of it though. That's right,
it's Man Child and the song is called Nitro Narcosis. Yeah, that was it. For some reason
I was thinking Narcissus, but I was thinking of that because I was thinking of watching some animes.
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
One, two, three.
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Alright though, song number two in tonight's cage match, that was Man Child with Nitro
Narcosis.
Let's go around and see what everybody thought of that one, starting off with Jamie.
I thought that song was pretty cool, it's uh...
Ashley's fun to listen to when you're driving
so uh... it gives a uh... nine for uh...
you know, the speed limit. I was going ninety.
Alright, let's go over to uh... Arcadian 42 and see what Arcadian thought.
That sounded pretty cool, from
Rock of Air, it was a low one from here, but
yeah, I gave it a nine because it sounded pretty good.
Alright, a nine from Arcadian. Jonas?
we'll give it a nine, it sounds pretty good, it's got like a good feel to it
alright, a nine from explicit as well, and uh, loki
i liked it
i think it's a nine
alright then uh... wow everybody gave it a nine but i'm sorry to break the trend
but i only thought it was kinda ok, i mean there's just songs in amplitude i like
better than that one
i'll give it a five, it's average
we've already taken some for caged matches
i know, sorry, i just
i didn't dig that one as much, sorry
i gave it a five
Alright, let's go on to song number three in tonight's cage match. It comes to us from Loki. And Loki, what did you pick tonight?
Eh, I didn't really have anything, so I just picked a song that I just happened to have lying around.
Um, this is, uh, another DMshera song, a remix between A and AA. So obviously this would be AAA.
Okay, here we go. It's, uh, and I love how you just let our listeners know that you're just not even trying anymore.
Well, I have another song that's decent that I could put in instead, but you already have that song, so...
Alrighty then, here it is, DJ Amuro, remixed by D.M. Ashura with A-A-A. Enjoy.
.
.
.
.
.
If you like to see more like this, you can support our channel by clicking on like and subscribe.
Alright, that was song number three in tonight's cage match, DJ Amorro remixed by DM Ashrah
with AAA.
Jimmy?
It sounded like A to C. It wasn't bad though at all.
It's really hard to put my finger on it, because there's just something that, I think it was,
When you hear that fast drum beat pick up to another part that everybody in God uses, it sort of sounded like there was just recycled tricks in it. But it wasn't bad. So I'd have to give it a seven and a half.
Alright, seven and a half from Jamie. Arkadian.
That sounded pretty good. I'd give it like 8.5.
8.5 from Arkadian. Jonas!
Well, it sounds pretty good. There are some flaws with it. Like, there's like some recycled samples and sound effects.
And, well, I don't know. It also sounds like some of the elements used in previous DMS shows work as well.
I respect DMS shows work a lot because you send so much for remixing good remixes.
As opposed to Paranoia of Cowgirl Survivor Max?
For that 1, 2, 3, 4, Max is kind of crap, but we heard somebody play it at the station.
And I have to say, it's not a Max remix, but I love a God.
But yeah, I might actually do a tin foil for this, so I'll just give it an 8.
Alright, an 8 from Jonas.
Loki I
Would pretend to be excited, but I'm not so I don't care whatever it gets it gets a triple-a because yeah
Whatever. I don't care tonight
I'm sure that made a lot of fanboys and girls very moist in their nether regions
But I don't know it it just didn't do it for me. It didn't have the same charm of the original
I mean it was cool. It wasn't bad
Don't get me wrong
So I was gonna give it a six but Jonas brought up a very good point and the fact that it's not a max 300
And for that I give it a bonus point so I give it a seven overall all right
But you know what it doesn't matter what we think it matters what you think so you guys can vote in our chat room here
Are the three songs one more time that you can vote for tonight in tonight's cage match Gwen Stefani what you waiting for?
And song number two tonight, Manchild with Nitro Narcosis.
In song number three tonight, DJ Amuro, remixed by D.M. Asherah with Triple A.
Alright guys, place vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your votes.
And your votes will be counted up and we will reveal the winner shortly, as soon as we get
the votes. All right, in the meantime, let's go over to Loki because I want to ask Loki
what's going on in the Simphile world right now. Speaking since we just had a D.M. Ashora
song, it's somewhat appropriate. Not a whole lot. There is a test version of StepMania's
Urbanized theme which is a little bit different than most of the other themes out there. It's
kind of a neat look to it. There's dancing characters for you. Oh, the dancing characters
there are. There is a skin edit of Emi and Hallus Emi that is sort of gothic looking.
It looks pretty nice. And then of course the fun one, there is Master Chief from Halo.
You get to dance around as Master Chief from Halo. And that is the funniest thing you can
watch on StatMania. Other than that, really not much else going on other than you probably
Did they ever fix the Mr. Spanky dancing character? I think I remember that there were, like, issues with it or something.
Yeah, I fixed. So, it was just a, I don't know, a bad file or something.
But it works now, since Mr. Spanky can dance around like crazy.
Yeah, have there been any new skins for Stepmanially recently? I noticed you still hoard that Technofield one, but has there been anything new?
Techno-fiend, whatever.
Also, I forgot to mention, of course, you know, Festival, the new steps are being coded
for that, and also for the new songs in UltraMix 2, and for the Dancing Sage Fusion stuff should
be coming out eventually. It's a little easier to do it from Xbox, because they can actually
rip the steps and code them directly, so it makes it a little easier. So look for those
the hit probably DDRUK at some point relatively soon. Other than that, really not too much
else. Just, I mean, if you want to go find some good skins for Step Maniac, go to DDRManiacs,
go to their Step Mania forum. There's a whole section for themes, and there's a ton they're
being worked on right now, and they even have a whole thread of ones that are finished,
and there's plenty for you to choose from. So just go look over there, and you'll find
All right, sounds good. Do you guys want to know who won tonight's cage match?
Yeah!
All right, it was very close. It was won by one vote, and then the other song, it beat
it by two votes. It was all very, very neck and neck tonight. Tonight's winner, I think
this is actually a bit of a surprise to me, tonight's winner is Gwen Stefani!
Geez!
For the second week in a row, if you can imagine that.
Oh, Loki says it's on.
It's gone next week, trust me.
I want four weeks in a row, man.
I want Gwen Stefani to get retired, man.
She's awesome.
All right.
By one vote.
So close.
Every vote counts.
What can I say?
We could have had a tie and somebody could have broken the tie, but no.
One vote decided it all.
of course everybody in chat rooms bitching about it oh hell no
don't tell me that song won hey you guys you guys voted for it I'm counting the
votes right here I think but I think the people that voted for it are kind of
hiding now because they see that the wrath is coming to get them all right
they want to know what came in second it was song number triple-a by one vote and
then the other song was down by two votes but all pretty much across the
board all pretty much across the board all right so we will see what happens
next week in the orange lounge cage match but for now let's get back to ultra
mix two songs shall we I think we can all agree the ultra mix two songs are
pretty good and in this break we're gonna hear oh my favorite ones in this
break one of my favorites toe jam is in this break this song is great it's like
a country song and then tough enough by vanilla ninja will hear in this break
too as well as wherever you are by lava for those of you that play doubles I
I hear the doubles light steps have a certain way you're supposed to play them.
I don't know what that means, but that's what I've been told, so.
Means hoedown!
Square dance!
All right.
Here we go.
We will be right back after this.
Baby, don't be the strong that survive All the mysteries of life
Oh, we fight just to keep you away And don't let go of the broken shield
So keep on living, don't stop believing The devil's a queen
Could you get your wings and see where the fire breaks?
Baby, that's up to none
I need you there, cause I need you there
Oh, tonight
So keep on looking upon me
If you don't come, don't be a runaway
Go for the fire
Baby, that's enough
So keep on living the song
Stop giving the devil the green
Get you in the middle of high praise
Baby, that's enough
So keep on living the song
C'mon now, don't be stuck in the depths
Get your hands in the heartbreak
Baby, that's enough
Baby, that's enough
When I feel blue, I think of you, cause you're true, wherever you are, near or far, you still are my shining star, sometimes it's bad, things get bad, and I'm sad, wherever you are, there is light,
By my side, I feel all right
La la la la la la la La la la la la la la
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, hope you're enjoying the Ultramix 2 songs we've
been playing so far.
What did you guys think of Toe Jam?
Yee-ho Ninja Cowboy.
Which is funny, because it was followed up by Vanilla Ninja.
What did you think of ToeJam? You guys explicit?
It's amazing.
It's country gone techno.
What did you say, Loki?
Where's Earl?
I had a ToeJam & Earl song in the pre-show.
funny realization in our chat room before the show, during the pre-show. He was talking
about the song Toe Jam and he said, it's funny because there's a pun in there because you
know you're jamming on your toes to the steps. Get it? Huh? Funny. Funny stuff. Everybody's
a comedian these days. Alright, I think it's time boys and girls to get into a segment
that I know a lot of you guys just love and adore and that is the FUs of the week. And
Yes, week in and week out we have to do these all the time.
Jamie, why do we have to do these FUs every single week?
Cause we're sick and not gonna take it.
I would like to offer a big F.U. to the Lexus van freshly purchased that was driving in
front of me, doing not the normal 1-2 car space that you're supposed to have, but doing
like five car leaks and going so slow that person takes me off um also I just
want to give the big F you to PMS because it sucks um really my angst
knows no bounds and I don't have words to properly express it so oh yeah F you
this fucking paper I hate you focus on ethics what are those but that's really
about it I'm just sort of angst it out so I'm gonna pass on the mic and release
my anger in a more physical method by beating up you know an inanimate object
probably a fax machine office face child awesome I just need the gangster rap we
play in the background you know remember if you guys want to send in an F you
send a private message to sky in our chat room right now while we move on to
Fuck you, Loki.
Fuck you to trees and the leaves that they drop.
My god, there is literally like a couple feet of leaves
outside. We walk out there to my car and there's literally a pile of
leaves next to my car. I swear if I leave my car there for a few more days
they're just going to be covered in leaves.
It's fun to kick them and make lots of noise late at night.
There wasn't any leaves on the ground, really, and then came in and they were just like all over the place.
Yeah, they all fell at once.
So that fucking sucks.
Also, fuck you, G4TV, because you suck, and your stupid attempt at doing something clever...
The Nintendo DS day was fucking lame.
Okay, I don't like watching TV in a small little screen on my TV,
Showing the show and what looks like a DS around the show and some stupid chatting going
on the little bottom screen that's supposed to be on there.
That's a really dumb idea.
Stupid, gimmicky, something that would be coming from G4TV.
And I'm sure all those people fired from, you know, Unscrewed and the Screensavers are
thanking you.
You're so clever.
Um, and finally, um, fuck you that my money isn't on my card yet, that pisses me off because I want to go spending, spending, spending, spending, and uh, fuck you using my GameShark for breaking, especially after I spent like an hour putting all the codes in, and playing with it a few days, and then all of a sudden it just stopped working.
Thank you, Interact, for selling that, you know, product to someone else, and then, uh, I don't know. Just dropping it all together. They suck.
Matter of fact, they make you buy multiple versions of the cards.
I guess cheaters never prosper. Except for me, because I bought a new one. I bought a new one. So there. Um, and that's all.
Oh, things just keep getting better No, they get worse
F you to getting stood up That is awful
Why do you do that to people? That is rude!
It's so rude God damn you
Oh, that's alright I forgive though
I forgave I'm such a sucker
No, that's alright I try to understand
I
FU to the fact that I have to wake up at four in the morning to catch a flight to LA so
I can do one day's worth of work in LA. I'm training a whopping four people tomorrow and
they're sending me all the way down there costing them I don't know how much money and
the fact is I will be working from about six o'clock in the morning till seven or eight
at night. That's because corporations are retarded. But they give me lots of money so
it's okay
and uh... that you to mail p m s
because i swear we have it
and that
all right let's move on and see what some of our other folks in the room have
to say starting with are katie and forty-two
uh... bucky the
parking ticket machine in the courthouse
eating right dollar and i think
parking tickets, so I had to go and park and go get the walk up thing
I lost a dollar to that damn piece of shit
uh... fuck you to uh... my foot for hurting
it's hurting for a little while
uh... fuck you to my
parts of it are like oily and greasy and yucky
and I wash it off all the time
and then it's fucking dry
damn winter does weird things to me
uh...
alright explicit
after having too many tests for one whole week
even though I passed it all, it took me like
only getting three hours of sleep
after working a twelve hour shift
Sorry for having a 12 hour shift on a Friday, working at 7pm to 7 in the morning, and then later on going to the Bay Area right after. You're only giving me like 30 minutes of sleep. Oh wow.
Yeah, but then later on I have to sleep in the party.
for not getting WWE Stacey Q was autographed on Saturday. A friend of mine was supposed
to go but he couldn't go because his license got stolen. Is Stacey Q the one that sang
Two of Hearts? Rad! Yeah, she's the one with the good ass. And here's the end of one big
F you to the NBA on Friday. Like god, Pacers and the Pistons. Why the hell are you going
to go fight over something or just over a game just because someone's dunked
over your ass and what is asked for our tests why the fuck did you punch the
wrong pad who who you thought through the a bunch of cup of ice on you that
was a wrong person you suck a white man
instead of some lady who was behind you do actually do it against you
Yeah, but gosh, the NBA, oh yeah, that also resolves.
Eff you to the fans at the NBA, at that Detroit game, who are also calling to find the first place.
Man, why can't we all get along? Seriously.
Preach on.
Yeah, when people fighting over things, I think a few people got hospitalized over the fights, and people need to spend it indefinitely.
Don't come around bling on ooh, ooh, it's the NBA's fault or ooh, it's the Detroit Pistons fault. It's everybody's fault in the first place
Seriously
People need to grow up use good use their own common sense not to do some shit like that ever again
Well, I think yeah, I think well so far that they're suspended it's definitely but most likely gonna be suspended for the whole season
but who knows I don't give a shit and FUT trees for for putting a goddamn tree
press under my car I have to remove that but by manual yeah by ripping the whole
branch itself from the bottom and if you do more SUVs fucking up the road again
but this time I'm having a loose tire in the fucking freeway almost caught in
another accident as if I have not gotten to any more car problems recently
talking me to spend hundreds of dollars off my own damn paycheck and reporting
yet the insurance will cost me a damn record there's also another F you to my
insurance stress is too high I'm broke as hell I'm going to school how the hell
am I gonna spend food food money or spend money my GS which now I owe money
you know explicit you remind me of a eighty-year-old guy who's sitting out on
the front lawn drunk as fuck yelling at himself
if this and if this why can't we all get it on it's the damn kids it's all the
damn kids well it's just fine I'm just teasing you and f you for not being able
put the Kinect 2X muscles for the Halo 2 games. Figure it out that there's a broken wire.
Well, oh well. Maybe next week.
Alright, can I get to the chatroom now? To be continued. Alright, as always. Alright,
here we go. Moving on to the chatroom FUs. Ooh, didn't we just hear this? I think it
would be a good FU music, though. MPQ says, a big FU to Washington State for not having
2DX machines. Poto says, F you to greedy repo men who steal your Xbox. No Halo 2 or Ultra
Mix 2 for me. DJ Ronma SDS says, F you to the dumb customers at Best Buy. I know how
to fix computers, thank you. Ask me one more stupid question and I'll replace your fucking
Pentium 4 chip with a potato. Oh yeah, F you to cock-teasing girls. You fucking suck. Expect
flaming bag of shit on your front door hey that's one way to win the chicks
over Jamie Jamie chicks dig flaming bags of shit right I love it when you're not
paying attention to the show like a yeast infection
Yeast is good. Yeast is in bread. I like bread. What's wrong there?
Not Candida yeast.
Yeast in bread is different than yeast in your vagina, okay?
Do you know what happens when you get a Candida yeast buildup in your organs, like your stomach and your intestines?
It makes you die.
Yeah, it turns your stomach and your intestines into bread, and then you die, because they can't digest. There you go.
Ferment them.
Oh my lord.
We hit a whole new low tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
Misty says, F me for falling asleep and missing part of the UltraMix 2 show. Aw, it's okay.
Legend of Zaku says, F you to the fact that DDR Ultra Mix 2 got the better songs and DDR
Extreme USA owners getting the shaft by Konami for favoring Microsoft with a dollar sign
over Sony.
F you to my braces for being retightened, thus making my teeth hurt.
And F you to the fact that I have two hard to sell exams tomorrow, both of which I'm
not truly prepared for.
F you to the Pacers, Ron Artest for punching the wrong fan, and F you to the Pistons, Ben
Wallace for pushing Artest in the first place.
Our test got what he deserves and enjoy promoting that rap album now that you can't play this
season.
Dark Knight says, my FUs to going work especially on Friday the 25th aka Black Friday because
I know that I'm going to be getting these a-hole customers that always seem to give
me a total hard time, nothing more.
Seagurd says, FU to the lackluster DS launch, hey but you had G4, just kidding.
the hell is my worry aware that isn't that isn't feel the magic f you to
homeless people because they were chasing me in my dream before turning
into orange launch radio what great damn them f you to drawn together this past
week for only feeling being mildly funny I agree it was only mildly funny more
Alexander and Foxy and Ling Ling and less everyone else.
Final F.U. to people complaining about it taking too long to get G2 unlocked.
I unlocked it in under a minute, so what's the problem?
You know something they don't, you little jerk.
You know it damn well.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya.
DarkPetsuya, I'm going to have to agree with Loki. F you to G4 and the stupidest publicity
stunt ever. DarkLionXVI says, only one F you tonight. F you to my router for suddenly disconnecting
me. That's it. Thank you very much for playing everybody in our chat room. Alright, let's
do some more Ultramix. We're starting to run out of showtime, so I definitely want to get
some more Ultramix 2 songs in before the show is over. And maybe we'll do some Ask Orange
Lounge when we come back. Ooh, doesn't that sound like fun? I know you kids love that
segment. So in this break, Rubberneckin', the Elvis song. We're going to hear that along
with a rock song called Sleepwalker and Tittle Tattle. We'll be back after this. And remember,
Ask Orange Lounge is coming up, so send us some questions in our chat room right now.
Some people say I'm wasted time, they don't really know
What would I see, to see what I've got, it gives me such a long hand
Sitting alone in my porch, all by myself
Blue king, Mary Jane, I'm with somebody else
Hey, hey, hey, stop lookin' less of me
That's my philosophy
It's called repenekton baby
That's alright with me
Hey, hey, hey, hey, baby
That's alright with me
Repenekton baby
That's alright with me
Today is like the other day, I feel I'm lost like it's yet to day
Nothing stands inside of me
I can't seem to turn around, turn around to you again
Nothing stands inside of me
By the way, by the way, I'm not okay
To be awake is the only thing I want
With you, I'm just walking in my sleep
To be awake is the only thing I want
With you, I'm just walking in my sleep
I could forget again if I said, if I said
With you, with you
I have to forget again my name, my name
All for perfection, so very hard to reach
Harmony machine, tormenting the sensory
Deliciously evolved, and yet nobody knows
Diddle daddle, chit chat, shoot in the breeze
Put a clack, need a splatter
The truth is a sacred symphony
Tied from the familiar
Conjure a search of jives
Fidget in the mind
Enjoy chats with no regrets
Channelizing hallucinations
Windu licking the imagination
Fingers digging shadows dancing
Here's a synchronous symphony
Diddle-daddle, chin-chat, shootin' the breeze
Pat-a-clack, skatin' splatters
Lattice is a synchronous symphony
radio. We are back here on Orange Launch Radio having a little too much fun with
PictoChat actually. I found the way that you could pull down the last image
that was drawn or scroll up and so you can like erase things and change things
in the image. It makes a fun game. The DS never knew that they had in there.
And you know what else?
This is why the end gauge never worked because it didn't have picto chat honestly
Imagine if you could have picto chat and send those little pictograms anywhere in the USA even to random phone numbers
I'll be the best
What is this cock
What does this cock on the cell phone?
Why you call me a cock? I am no rooster
Let's get to some Ask Orange Lounge, remember if you guys have a question, send it in over
private message right now, also we'll open up the Skype line in a little bit if you guys
want to call in and have a comment or something, I don't know, but here we go.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge, some stupid question, what will we find out this week on Orange
lounge radio all I really know is that it's a really good thing that you guys
can't see our picto chats because then you'd think we're perverts as if you
didn't already know that extra verse tonight all right uh Flair O'Day says
this hey isn't it a bit strange that they put a good chunk of the unlocks for
ultra mix 2 on the v-ware and you know what come to think of it a good half of
The Extreme V-Rare songs are unlocks too! What's up with that?
I kind of agree. It kind of took a little bit of the thrill out of the unlocks, the fact that they were all already on the V-Rare.
But at the same time, it was some of the best stuff on the mix, so I don't know.
I would have liked to have seen more of the different drum songs, but I just thought the V-Rare was great because it had Skulk and Superstar. I thought that was neat.
Any other comments? Thoughts on the Ultramix 2 V-Rare?
It was pretty good. I liked it.
What is this weird that they put so many unlocks on it?
You pretty much knew 9 of the un- or was it 9 or 10? I don't know.
A lot. A whole lot of the unlocks just by, um,
picking yourself up a copy of the viewer, which, by the way,
I'm trying to snag us some extra copies so that we can give them away on the show.
So, even after the Kiriyamaoka giveaway is done, um, we'll do, uh,
hopefully another giveaway, some Ultramix 2 v-rares,
uh, maybe for much easier things, just like calling in at a certain time or something.
We'll see. We'll see. I don't know.
Alright, moving in and on. Let's see what Dark Knight has to say. Okay. If a tree falls
in the woods, does it make a sound? No, just kidding. The real question is, how much of
a lifespan will the DS have before Nintendo decides to make a new handheld? Any thoughts
on this? Loki. By new handheld, do you mean another color? Seriously, I give it, uh, February
will have new DS colors honestly and then then there will be some kind of
super DS or like DS
extreme or some something
where you're gonna have to re-buy the DS because they did the same damn thing with the
Game Boy when they did the little...
They're gonna do DS mess colors and DS Famicom colors and...
I mean look
they had Game Boy and then they had Game Boy Pocket
then they had Game Boy Color then they had all the fucking
colored Game Boy colors
and then they're not going to be as much crap as the PSP will be and then they
had Game Boy Advance and they had the SP so it is only likely the DS will have
some kind of
and then you have the Virtual Boy and the
oh yeah
alright we got the DS
and if it does well I anticipate you're going to see some newer model come out
that
everybody's going to want to have to have
a secret in our chat room says people
There are no color combinations that will work besides the silver and black. I have thought about this for hours.
Get a life.
Yeah, the QS. Quad screen.
Let's see how many screens we can cram into this thing. I don't know.
So, to be honest, I think the next thing you're going to hear about DS is going to be a Bluetooth network where you can actually play online internet games.
And it'll be a peripheral, though.
It's coming out. Warppipe is working on it. They're not saying that's what they're working on, but that's what they're working on.
So, you'll see that at E3 this year, though, because they're going to be at E3 this year. But, not until then.
Alright, let's go on to the next question.
DJ Doe, how did you get the music from Ultramix on the Orange Lawns radio?
The reason I'm asking is because I like to make a music CD out of the songs from Ultramix.
Very carefully.
No, we rip them ourselves actually.
We have the soundboard hooked up through the Xbox, that's how we got tonight's songs.
And I know they're not like 100% perfect quality, so honestly you may not want to burn them
to CD.
But honestly, just keep looking around there on some of the different forums out there
on the net.
Something will turn up soon enough.
Always does.
Any advice, Loki?
DDRUK once the Symphiles are out.
Yeah, honestly, most of your Symphiles sites will have them pretty soon, so.
But you should continue to listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because we play them first.
At least, usually. Not always, but sometimes.
Alright, Legend of Zaku says,
Why are DDR Extreme USA owners getting the shaft now that UltraMix 2 came out and got the better of the songs?
I think they just tried to do something different with Extreme, with the whole iToy thing.
you could argue well you know Xbox doesn't have hands and feet mode and I
know that makes a lot of you guys go big fucking deal but they tried to do
something different with the PlayStation just like they were doing different
things with UltraMix 2 so I don't want to knock the PlayStation 2 for at least
trying something different that wasn't there before and it wasn't just the
itoy things we know some new interface new songs things like that it just you
know it's not always gonna work a hundred percent of the time but I have
some faith that they will take the feedback and come out and give us
something better for the PlayStation next year because I do think it's inevitable we
will see new releases on Xbox and PlayStation 2 next year. But again, the only way you're
going to see that is if you buy the damn games. So don't get copies. Buy them and that's it.
Any other comments on that one?
Buy. Purchase.
Absolutely. All right, you see, I'm already getting into the chat room. Big fucking deal.
Well, you know, it's just they wanted to do something different, they took it in a different direction, and for a lot of us it didn't work. What can you do?
They think they're not shareholders.
And then how many crappy songs can you find in Extreme USA versus how many can you find in Ultramix 2?
Well, I don't know. I mean, I believe, if I'm not mistaken, it's kind of up- I don't know.
everybody thinks they know but I think
Japan for the most part did Extreme and Hawaii, well we know Hawaii
pretty much for the most part did UltraMix 2 with some help from their
staff in the bay so I don't know
I don't know anyway it's just different they tried something different and for
some folks it didn't work
I don't think it was that bad I still like DDR Extreme I think it has some
good songs in it, it doesn't have as many good songs as UltraMix 2 granted but
Maybe Konami will learn something from UltraMix 2.
They took a risk. They took a really big risk with UltraMix 2, I think, because there were
going to be... In fact, there were people out there that said it's not Japanese enough.
It doesn't have enough of the Japanese songs. But I think that's why they went and the Japanese
songs they picked, they picked very carefully. Moonlight Shadow, Dam Daryam, Volume 4, those
are all throwbacks to the fans. They didn't pick them because those were songs for the
fans. Don't doubt it. But it was a risk. I mean, they could have come back, people could
have said, a different drum sucks, why did you guys put all this fucking synth pop in
there? And you know there's probably somebody out there who's saying that, but for the most
part people are taking very well to the new music and hopefully it'll continue. MPQ wants
to know which is better, paying $400 for a Japanese PlayStation 2 2DX end controller
or driving 14 hours to Ventura, California to play 2DX. I've done both, sadly enough,
although my drive was only 8 hours. But, I don't know. You know what, even when you get
it at home, it doesn't quite compare to the arcade, especially because the consumer releases
are a little bit behind the arcade releases. So honestly, I wish I could tell you one or
other was better but face it you're gonna end up doing both just like I did
it's like masturbation and sex sure masturbation is all right it's not quite
as good as sex but you know what in the end you're gonna end up doing both
dot dot dot DD Archaholic says hi Rob Jamie Matt hi I just thought of a super
idea and wondered what you thought. Would you do an all-night Orange Lounge Radio Marathon
live show like on a Saturday night? You could do it for charity even.
That'd be fun. Yes. It'd be like a slumber party with vodka.
Yes, with one condition. I want an arcade to host it. If we're going to do it overnight,
I'm not going to do it in this little apartment. I want arcade games and things to do. So if
we could get an arcade in the Sacramento area to agree to it, and I think if we worked the
charity angle yes I'm all down for it absolutely I think it could be fun or
maybe we could talk to our buddy at the theater possibly that might be an idea I
don't know if they want a big screen uh-huh that's that's an idea well I
think about that one can you imagine if we could get picked out yet in that
giant screen that would be so cool sorry the orange lounge lock-in I like the
idea I like the charity angle especially with Christmas coming up yes
asylum we lock you in great yeah yeah I'm like the asylum is a dance club
don't get it confused I really do like that idea and in fact I want to get in
touch with you later about that DD alcoholic because maybe you can help me
approach some arcades about it see if anybody would be willing to do it I
think it'd be fun if not we could just always bring our shit to country club
lanes because they're open 24 hours anyway but I'm all down for it I think
be fun. All right. Misty says, what do you guys want for Christmas? Oh, I'm so glad she's
asking. Money, lots of it. My two front teeth. And some spinach. I want sex. But not from
Santa. But not with your two. Santa's got years of experience. That's all right. Santa
would be quite the sugar daddy if you think about it I want someone to pay for
my plane ticket home oh no in all seriousness what do I want for Christmas
and all serious I like gift certificates because I like going to buy my own
things but I want I want more games and I want more I don't know I just want I
want a big party with like a lot of my friends because I like parties and I
know some friends of mine are gonna host them so that's cool it works out I'm not
really big on material things pretty much like if I want something bad enough
I just go and get it. Honestly, I think the best gifts I've gotten in the past were, like,
things that people made. Like, one year Sharks Girl made me this collage for my birthday,
like, because she was really into scrapbooking then. I think she still is a little bit. And
she made this awesome collage. That was, like, one of the best presents I ever got, seriously.
I just like little things like that. I mean, you know, I pretty much buy all the things
I really want, so I don't have a big list of material things. But I like that stuff.
i think a lot of people like that kind of stuff
well i'd like money
but most importantly anything that's priceless really
all right
uh... let's go on to
somebody else uh... another question
d j ron mass d s says
my question
will you and the rest of orange lounge radio be suicidal enough to go shopping
on Black Friday, which is, of course, the day after Thanksgiving. Biggest shopping day
of the year. Any plans to go shopping? Jamie?
Um, yeah, actually I am. But you're going to be in Alabama then, right?
But yeah, I'm still going to be doing some shopping. Still pretty crazy.
Actually, no, that's that Friday. I'm actually going to be in Dothan.
Oh, okay. Um, but I am.
Oh my God, that's where my boss is from. That's so funny. That's funny.
I'll go bomb them for you. No, not my boss's house, what Loki said. I
As far as shopping, no. I don't plan on going to the mall that day. There's nothing that exciting about it for me. I'm going to stay home and masturbate all day. No, I'm kidding. I don't know what I'm going to do.
I may make it out if I have stuff to buy I don't know I have to think of what I
want to buy depends if I have my money by then which I hopefully will so yeah I
just want to sleep and play Final Fantasy and Ultramix too is that so
wrong I mean I don't wanna go shopping I want to stay home maybe get Mongolian
barbecue legend is that who says so what do you think might be on your
thanksgiving day table aka unique side dishes out of the norm
jamie what do you think might be a unique dish on your table
haggis
haggis?
you're for real
i have no idea
we don't really have many out of the ordinary things
i don't really know who's going to be cooking thanksgiving dinner
when i'm there so i'm just gonna
They put food in front of me. I'm off the diet today. Feed me.
And remember, don't eat in DDR.
Oh, but I should take a minute to plug the special that our buddies over on DDR Freak Radio are doing on Thanksgiving.
They're doing, like, an all-day marathon of DDR, like, back-to-back.
Like, non-stop till your brain explodes. Seriously, it's gonna be cool.
Like, what? Second mix, third mix, fourth mix, all of it, back-to-back.
What time are they starting over there? Nine, ten o'clock?
I don't know. Check DDRFreak.com for the details.
Go to DDRFreak, yeah.
yeah I mean like like you don't go there anyway but you know I just want to get
that plug out there don't forget all right let's see moving on oh my my dish
at my table we don't I don't eat turkey I hate turkey so Thanksgiving is a
really shitty holiday for me but my mom says she will be cooking ham and I like
him and she actually says she might just be ready to say fuck it and order a
pizza which I've been telling her to do for years so we might do that
Dark Tetsuya said, have any of you picked up Metal Gear Solid 3 yet? If so, what do you think so far?
Rumbleroses is every cheesy thing you would want it to be. It is so horrifically bad in
a great way. Last question. Oh, not really a question, but a comment from DDRchaholic
says, sounds good, I'll make calls and stuff. Good, good deal. Maybe we'll open up the Skype
line for like one quick call if anybody wants to get in there. I don't know, we'll open
it up, see if anybody wants to call. A lot of good questions. Next week on the show,
don't forget that Midihead is going to be interviewed. That's something we're really
looking forward to. It's going to be good to talk to him. I want to know if he remixed,
if he's remixed anything else. That's what I want to know. Because that, in my eyes,
remix is damn good. So I want to know if there's anything else there. You can visit his site
over at midihead.com, of course, and hopefully we get more people in the future as well.
Alright, Siggy's calling back. I think he has a question or comment. Hey Siggy, what's
Hey, what's up?
Hey, what's up?
I've forgotten one more thing you mentioned about 2DX8 style.
Do it.
Yeah, it's an option called random plus.
Random plus?
And what does that do?
Oh, it's the same thing as random, only you do it, it scratches, it scratches included
in it.
Interesting.
Huh.
Yeah.
And the way you access Random Plus is hold the key wherever the random is for at least a few seconds, and the random will turn red.
Huh, okay.
And that's how you access Random Plus.
Yeah, supposedly you have to do something before that, but I'll do that, but I don't know.
So maybe it's an unlock, we'll see.
Alright, I'm gonna go and take another call real fast, Ziggybed. Thanks for calling.
Alright.
Have a good one.
Hi, it's MPQ.
Hello MPQ, what's on your mind?
I was just wondering if I have any right to complain about 2DX when I have a pop-up music machine within driving distance.
Um...
I don't know, what do you guys think? Does he have a right to complain about 2DX?
What mix of pop-up music is it?
Well, see, now 5DX is kind of old. I mean, it's good, but it's old.
Yeah, you can complain.
I'd say you still have a right to complain, but not as much as the rest of us, okay?
Alright.
Have a good one. Bye.
Alright, we've got to wrap up the show. Sorry to keep these calls quick, but we do need to wrap
things up, and that means we've got to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Arkadian, your final thought?
Ooh, yay. Horday weekend coming up.
Did I hear that?
Uh...
Explicit, your final thought?
Ooh, Thanksgiving.
turkey
uh... look here but about
i know there's codes out there i've seen them before
for grand theft house andrea's re-commodified damage that each gun does
and i can't find them for the life of me and that pisses me off
that mom
yeah i'd need to
by smart answer the s
My final thought is, um, I don't want to get up and fly tomorrow. It sucks.
And you know, I left my email with all my travel information at work.
But I know what flight I'm on and everything, so hopefully I don't have a problem, or else I'm screwed. We'll see.
Jamie, your final thought?
My final thought is, God damn you people, sign up for stuff and give me my iPod.
Oh God, you didn't get suckered into that too, did you?
Well, no, it's just because it's an experiment, so I want help.
Okay.
You'll help me while you're up?
No. I don't buy into that shit.
I'm gonna get my mom to sign up.
Have fun.
It's more of an experiment, I don't really care, it's just more of an experiment, just to see.
Because I found that if you do the Blockbuster thing, you can cancel it before they charge you with anything.
Yeah, you can.
I decided it's fun, it's a distraction, so why not?
Why not? I just don't want spam.
So, looking forward to going to Alip- oh, this one doesn't give you any spam mail.
We'll see. I'm looking forward to going to Alabama, getting the hell out of this state.
Oh, gee, thank you. We'll miss you too. I'm not meaning the people, I'm meaning the other people that don't exist in my universe.
That's fine. Um, I guess that's it.
Tune in next week for more fun on the show and hopefully, what I'm kinda hoping
is that maybe we can get Karaoke Revolution 3 next week because you know
when Jamie leaves
Matt has to sing. It's tradition.
So we'll see what we can do. I'm totally gonna see if Iguana Girl can come over and bring over her copy of Karaoke Revolution 3.
I'm gonna see if we can work something out. We'll see.
If not, I'm just gonna go buy the damn thing so we can do that.
Anyway, thanks everybody for listening. Have a great night.
The final word of the show. You know what? I'm taking the final word of the show.
I never get the final word of the show. It's my turn, dammit.
One word that sums everything up.
Pictochat.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
In the store there's a teddy With little straps, like spaghetti
It holds me so tight, like handcuffs at night Walk around in women's underwear
In the office there's a guy named Melvin He pretends that I am Murphy Brown
He'll say, are you ready? We'll say, whoa, man, let's wait until the wife is out of town.
Later on, if you wanna, we can dress like my daughter.
Put on some ice shades and join the parade.
Walk around and live as underwear.
Lacy jeans Missed hand, didn't ask
Urban shine Wearing her clothes, silk pantyhose
Walking round in women's underwear
Walking round in women's underwear
Walkin' round in women's underwear
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
the orange lines radio after birth here it is
Jamie why the Christmas songs already
because I figured if our major department stores can do it and Walgreens can so can I
oh my god are they playing Christmas songs at Walgreens already
it's got the Christmas stuff up
went to Walmart the other day because we were
we went to buy go silly headgear and stuff
and a headgear. Huh? They bought party hats, Care Bears party hats this year.
Um, but uh, they already had like a whole Christmas section open.
It was kinda stupid.
Oh well. And to answer the question in the chat room, yes that was from the Bob and Tom show, right?
Yes indeed. Right Chan says it's funny to go into Walmart and walk around in the
women's section looking for stuff. My mom and my dad's just start singing
walk around in women's underwear.
Get it? Because you're in the department?
I thought it was funny.
It is funny.
So when do you go on your great adventure, Dark Sakura?
I'm flying out Wednesday at 2.45. Who wants to drive me to the airport?
I would, but I'm working.
I'm still trying to find a way to the airport.
Oh, shoot. Well, you can always do a shuttle? I don't know.
I'm working it out, don't worry.
Okay, that's good.
Alright, I guess we'll just kind of keep it a short afterbirth tonight then,
since a lot of you guys don't have anything else to say.
But, I know we didn't get to a lot of those UltraMix II MP3s,
so I'm going to put in the rest right now so you guys can hear it,
because I bet you guys, some of you guys were waiting to hear some of the rest of those songs.
So we will get to those right now. We're going to start it with Jam on it,
And La Cucaracha, Life Is A Game, Looking For You, Mellow, Monkey Punk, Play My Game, and Red Room.
All those songs you're going to hear right now.
It's a block of Ultramix 2 music. Enjoy, you guys.
I have to set it up here. Sorry. Here we go. Now we can do it.
Well damn and honest what we do best is what separates us from the rest
And if you don't think I cruise down for real
Let me tell you what happened to the man to see
A Superman had come to die to see who he could rock
He blew away every crew he sent until he reached our block
His speakers were restored and I was what was made of steel
And when we bought our set outside he said
I'll be real
Well Superman looked up at me
He said you rock so naturally
I said, now that you've learned the deal, let me tell you why I'm so real.
I'm Cosmo D from outer space.
I came to rock for you and great.
I'm good, right?
Because I can't do it wrong.
That's why the whole world is singin' this song.
Jam on it.
I jam on it.
I say jam, j-j-j-jam on it.
And day to the night and night turns to day, whatever time it is, I wanna hear you say.
Jam on it.
I jam on it.
I say jam, m-m-mama jam on it.
Jam on around and upside down.
I keep a jam into the jam on production sound.
Demone, Demone, Demone, Demone, Demone
Don't you try to run, don't you try to hide Life is a game, let's play it tonight
Life is a game, don't want to lie Turn on your flame, let's play tonight
Don't you try to run, don't you try to hide Life is a game, let's play tonight
All right, then when I find you, I'll give you love, just a smile, just a smile, I'll
I'll give you love, it's all the harm you
I don't wanna make you scream out
No no no no no, without the count
We're looking for you in the city We're looking for you tonight, tonight
Innocent take
Alright!
That when I find you I'll get you
Oh!
It's all behind you
I'm gonna make you drink out
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Innocent take
...
...
...
...
...
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
We didn't have to go too far, we didn't have to go too far.
First thing first, we got some ice cream And then we headed over to Gee's The Monkey
Stuck my tongue out and made the monkey frown Tryin' to be cool with my friends around
But the guess we had, enough of me Cause when I turned my head, he stole my ice cream
That little monkey stole my ice cream And everybody laughed at me
That little monkey stole my ice cream And everybody made fun of me
That little monkey made a monkey out of me
And the day came to an end We walked right by the monkey again
And then as we were swinging from tree to tree I swear that monkey was laughing at me
With a monkey, with a monkey, don't monkey
That little monkey made a monkey out of me
That little monkey made a monkey out of me
with a monkey, with a monkey, no monkey
with a monkey, no monkey
with a monkey, that little monkey made a monkey out of me
Turn the page and rock your body
Say my name, I feel I'm burning up inside Play my game, I'm losing my mind
Turn the page and rock your body Turn the page and rock your body
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
All right, that was all the new DDR UltraMix II songs that we didn't get to during the
live show tonight.
Jam on it, La Cucaracha, Life is a Game, look at, excuse me.

