Over its lifetime, the Xbox One eventually gained backwards compatibility for some titles
as far back as the Xbox, well, the very first Xbox.
But soon, Xbox One owners could gain the ability to play some Xbox Series S and X titles, presumably
via Game Pass.
PlayStation Now has, of course, provided similar features like this for many years already.
This is likely a new majority trend of gaming.
And now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki, to tell you more
about this and the rest of the week's news, starting right now on the show, where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back and live once again with episode number 873
of our show for June 20th, 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joining you here every week with my co-hosts.
First off, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers, not here at the moment.
She's going to come into the show a little bit later on around 7 o'clock Pacific time,
10 o'clock Eastern.
So we'll say hi to her a little later.
But we do have joining us right off the top of the show, we have Loki joining us.
Hi, Loki.
Hello.
How's it going?
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing pretty good.
Rushing around.
Yeah.
Kind of running around there at the last minute before the show starts tonight.
Hold on, my bridge is still open.
You're okay.
I have no idea what's going on over there.
That's fine.
And, you know, it's the joy of doing live stuff because my headphones that I usually
hear Loki on just decided they're not going to work tonight.
So something's weird with my setup on how I listen to things.
So that's another thing I've got to try to fix behind the scenes.
Luckily, I can still hear him from the TV that's in the studio here.
But it's a little harder to hear.
I prefer the headphones.
But that's just the joy of running and doing things live sometimes.
Things happen.
Oh, thank you.
SG100 Matt gave me the Intel.
His fridge is open.
That's what he said.
Thank you.
The live chat.
Always here to save the day because we do tape live.
Every Sunday night.
What's that?
I was going to say I shut it really quickly because I was putting my dinner stuff away.
And it's got like this weird latch on it.
So if you shut it too fast, it stays open.
I see.
That sounds complicated.
That's all right.
All right.
News for everybody.
All right.
Let's see.
What else I want to say?
Yes, we do have our chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock
Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at twitch.tv slash vog network right after the Bobby Black
Wolf show.
And Loki, I wanted to say as well.
Happy Father's Day.
It is that day and happy Father's Day to all the gamer dads out there and all my gamer
daddies.
Wink wink nudge nudge.
I hope you all are having a wonderful day.
Was your day full of Metroid I see playing behind you?
I think that's Metroid Zero Mission specifically.
That's Metroid Fusion, actually.
Oh, my bad.
So no, it was not playing Metroid at all.
It was roller skating and grocery shopping.
I see.
And rushing to finish while rushing to upload my video because for those who don't follow
me on Twitter, Comcast decided to be Comcast for the last two days.
And so I haven't had internet for like a day and a half just on the weekend, too, which
is great.
Perfect timing because I had my I stayed up till two in the morning to get my episode
done.
It's ready to upload it and buy internet.
So it's yeah, that was fun.
And the kids, you know, they don't like not having internet.
They kind of bounce off the walls.
So yeah, it was unfortunate.
So I finally got that uploaded this afternoon.
So my brand new episode with Tango Tech from Hermitcraft is up, which is amazing.
I had a really great time with him last week, and it was very exciting to be able to cut
that down once again.
I listened back to it as I was editing it, and I don't like listening to well, this is
going to be interesting going into Wednesday because I don't like listening back to myself
as it is and listening back to myself when I'm incredibly nervous, made me incredibly
nervous.
So that was fun.
But I did get to cut it down to make it seem like I'm less nervous than I actually was,
which is good.
But yeah, go check it out if you can, you know, hopefully people find it because I mean,
it's pretty amazing.
And I know I've been watching a lot of Hermitcraft season eight that they just started.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Keep on going.
Excellent.
I fixed my headphone problems while you were talking there.
Thank you.
ST100Matt actually links that video there live in our chat room.
I'm sure for those that are not listening live tonight, because of course, we love all
the podcast listeners as well.
Hopefully you can get the link there.
I'm sure that'll be in our Discord server if it's not already, then yeah.
Speaking of things to check out, I do need to give this one cheap plug at the top of
the show.
I don't like to push the stuff to spend money on a lot.
But you know, some people ask like, can I get a shirt that says Orange Lounge Radio
on it?
Yes, you can.
We've actually done a really big update to our store.
So if you haven't checked out the shop, check that out over at vognetwork.com slash shop.
And now not only can you get that cool little OLR pixel logo, but Jamie went in there made
some new stuff.
So there's a very like Sega inspired Orange Lounge Radio type of shirt you can get.
You can get a one piece swimsuit if that's your thing.
Loki, I'm sure you're very excited to hear that you can get some stickers.
You can get some tumblers.
You can get there's actually a fanny pack like my wife would be super.
You can get a fanny.
Apparently, that's the hot merch.
Somebody else is bringing that up earlier.
So fanny packs are all the rage again.
And then actually speaking of pixel logos.
So we have some really cool.
OK, so dark soccer did a new Orange Lounge Radio logo.
She did a cool little retro kind of vog network look.
That's pretty cool.
So check that out.
And then speaking of retro looks, Loki's vog pixel art we talked about on the show a couple
weeks ago.
He just had to resend me the email and go, I sent this to you months ago, dummy.
No, he didn't say that.
But that's that's definitely what I heard.
That's OK.
He said that.
And that's it's like my work, you know, where the well, the tone of your email.
There's no tone in the email.
It's text.
Well, I interpreted it as you were angry.
Loki started off his email saying per my prior email.
He did.
No, he was totally fine.
I'm just giving a shit.
I feel like a dummy because you totally had sent that before.
But things happen.
But now the vog pixel stuff is up on the show up on the shop, too.
So, yeah, there's there's in fact, I think we put so much stuff on there.
We had to get rid of stuff.
I don't think you can get the vog masks anymore.
They might if they're still there.
It's not going to be for much longer because we kind of collaboratively decided those are
the first things being pulled.
I didn't care for the masks myself, but, you know, I guess if some people wanted them,
that's cool, too.
So.
All right.
There you go.
She Hulk in chat.
Thank you.
Saying push it.
So sell in the store.
Yes, I will.
And thank you very much for the biddies.
Appreciate that.
All right.
Let's get it.
OK.
Bobby says the masks are gone.
OK.
That's what I thought, because I know there's like a ton of new stuff in there.
And I know Bobby still wants to add a couple of things, too.
So I know we want to make sure we have enough room for everybody's stuff.
So.
All right.
Check that out.
Again, vog network dot com slash shop.
Let's get to news.
This was kind of the second half of E3 week.
There were some, you know, live I can't always say press conferences, but that's not really
what they are this year.
Kind of the presentations, direct presentations, whatever you want to call them.
There was a few of them.
Capcom had one and it was extremely not notable.
I'm sorry.
Sorry if you're a Capcom fan, but I think everybody who watched that presentation kind
of saw they didn't really give any new stuff, which is fine.
I guess they kind of promoted it in other places, except they said, oh, we're making
DLC for Resident Evil 8 Village because it's so popular.
Thank you.
We hadn't started it yet, but we're going to get right on that.
So there's that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was interesting.
Quest Buster says no.
Rob's right.
The Capcom one was pretty trash.
I think there was a Bandai Namco one, too.
But again, I don't think it gave us anything really new.
I think it was kind of just the stuff we already knew about, which I understand these kind
of presentations that come a little late.
I don't want to give too much shit because these presentations that come a little late
kind of have to read like how is Bandai Namco going to one up themselves after they put
that Elden Ring trailer in the Summer Games Fest thing.
Like, you know, it's but, you know, maybe sometimes people hope like, oh, maybe we'll
get gameplay or we'll get as a B trailer.
Yeah.
No, I guess.
Guess none of that as well.
So.
Yeah.
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf is pointing out the E3 2008, the small one that wasn't in Santa
Monica, was the only Capcom presser I attended.
There was no game news.
It was just Avi Arad and some other people talking about how great the Lost Planet movie
was going to be.
I remember that one.
Yeah.
So sometimes these ones that are a little later, I mean, Konami always used to go late
in the game, too.
And we saw how well that worked out for them a couple of years in a row.
Right.
So, yeah.
So it's going to be great because it only lives in my imagination.
Yeah.
So most of the press events and stuff this week were not that exciting.
Let's be real or already had news that had come out before last week's show.
However, of course, Tuesday morning was the one that I think unarguably everyone was
really waiting for and knew would be the biggest one.
And that was the Nintendo Direct.
So let's recap a little bit about the Nintendo Direct and folks thoughts on that.
So, Loki, I know you watched it.
You actually watched it live.
I had to watch it.
I had to do the tape delay thing.
I had to do the thing like when we watch the Grammys on the West Coast.
It already aired on the East Coast, but we get the three hour tape delay.
The only one of those shows they don't actually I never watched the Grammys.
They're kind of garbage.
But it was just the first award show that came to mind that wasn't the Oscars or the
Super Bowl, because those are the two things that do air live on the West and East Coast
at the same time.
But most everything else, you have to wait three hours for.
So I had to watch the Nintendo Direct that way because I had I had meetings at work like
I couldn't get out of day job stuff.
It's important.
Well, I had meetings, too, but, you know, I just don't care.
No, I kind of had to lead mine, so well, OK, well, yeah, we had I had a meeting at
the same time.
It was about like.
It was about being motivated to like to be more organized and stuff, and it was just
a big old waste of time, so I popped this on instead.
It was way more interesting.
Love that you had a meeting about work motivation and you're sitting there watching this Nintendo
thing.
It cracks me up.
I actually waited until I had an appropriate break, like an hour and a half later, and
then I was like, OK, I can probably watch this 40 minute presentation in 30 minutes
because I'll just fast forward all the game footage about things that I'm just like, I
don't really need to see it.
So, yeah.
And yeah, I would say I actually didn't do that as much as you think.
I probably got through it in about thirty five minutes.
So.
But yeah.
So I really enjoyed it.
Loki, what were your thoughts overall?
I thought it was pretty good.
There's I mean, like with most things, I think it did have a lot of stuff in there that
people were looking for and some surprise stuff that I was looking for.
Still a few things missing that, you know, kind of like some updates on, you know, like
being a three prime four and stuff like that.
Yeah.
But I mean, there is a lot of meat there, so it was still pretty good.
Yeah.
So I kind of going through.
Well, but before you get to that, I think I kind of agree with you is that, yeah, overall,
I was very positive on it.
And for me, you know, I kind of have like my wish list, things that if Nintendo would
announced would make me extremely happy.
And I got two things on my wish list this year from Nintendo, and that hardly ever happens.
And let's just I know we want to run down everything that happens.
But I think the obvious things to bring to the table, there's a brand new 2D Metroid
game.
Y'all know that's my jam.
Well, it's kind of new, like I get and I didn't even pick up on this at first.
And like, yeah, because I recognize the name.
So that's been in like development for a while or at least rumored for a while.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Metroid Dread was originally, I think, going to be the DS.
I think they were developing alongside Fusion.
And it was right at that time, like the advance and the DS were kind of both.
So Fusion came out on the advance and then Dread kind of did it.
And it's like Metroid Other M kind of happened instead.
So we never really got Dread at that time.
And I didn't piece together at first.
Oh, it's that game.
But obviously, you know, here we are like 14 years later.
It's still Metroid Dread and maybe some of the original story ideas are there.
But obviously the game is completely different now that it's on the Switch.
It's not pixels.
It's kind of got a different look to it.
But obviously I'm here.
I'm here with pixels, to be honest.
I mean, I kind of wish it was in the style, like, say, the modern Rayman games and stuff
like that, where it's hand drawn.
That would have been so good, but it's all right.
Yeah, I, I, I would have I would have been thrilled if it was more a pixel looking game,
but I'm OK.
I understand they want to evolve it.
You know, they're pushing it a different direction.
So like even I remember because I was writing out like in my Apple notes as I was watching
it instead of live tweeting, I was kind of like, oh, this is a different look.
It's going to take me some getting used to.
But you know what?
As long as the game's fluid, it's going to be fine.
And I'm just thrilled we get a new Metroid in the series.
Now I'm Tiger Claw in chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network says this new 2D Metroid
game is supposedly the final one for Samus.
If it sells really well, I'm sure they will find a way to do another one or there must
be some other character they're going to push it off to in the story of the game or so.
I don't know.
Obviously, Metroid Prime four.
We know it's still happening.
So, look, you said they didn't do an update.
They kind of did.
They didn't.
I know what you meant, though.
You wanted to see more footage or like what the hell is this thing look like?
But they did any footage, you know, they did say we're working on it.
We can't talk about it today, but we hope you'll take this instead.
And for me, I'm happy to take that instead this year.
So I'm fine if they need a little more time on Metroid Prime four.
So yeah.
Quest Quest Buster in chat says it's for the Samus Metroid arc, I thought, but not the
end of Samus.
Yeah, I just I just don't see them like actually actually having to be the last Samus game.
They could kill Samus at the end of this game and still not be done with her.
And obviously, I don't know spoilers or story or anything like that.
None of us have played the game yet.
But you know, it's just it's just like the alien franchise in Ripley.
OK.
Kill Samus, but then like she'll come back as a clone or something like that, like she's
not going to be done, done, done.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
There will be there'll be Samus X like Mega Man will be Samus X.
Right.
Exactly.
So, yeah.
And as Joe and Hunter Matt says, in fact, there are no actual Metroids in this apparently.
I don't know if I believe that.
I know what I know what they're saying.
I know what they're saying.
I don't know if I believe it.
I think it's one of those things where they'll surprise us in the very last level.
But OK, let's let's not set our expectations too high.
But I'm just I'm just really happy to get a new 2D Metroid and see where they go with
it.
But I'm not sure I believe that there's no Metroids in it.
Sorry.
I just kind of like I think you're lying, but we'll see.
We'll see.
And then the other one and Loki, I know you've got to be thrilled with this one, too.
The new WarioWare announcement like that.
That's fantastic.
For all intents and purposes, that really came out of nowhere.
Like, I know there was some rumors about it, but a lot of things were rumored this year
that didn't happen, like a new model for the Switch.
So, you know, obviously, you know, anything can and will happen.
I'm very thrilled that the new WarioWare ended up being a thing.
I think it's interesting that they talked about it being the first WarioWare with co-op
when it's not.
Yeah, I don't think WarioWare.
It's not WarioWare on the GameCube had co-op.
So that was a little maybe they didn't say the first, but they kind of made it sound
like now there's co-op.
And it's like, well, you had that in the GameCube version.
It was, I think, very certain modes and very limited in that game, but it existed before.
I think I think the actual games themselves were not I think they were still for one player,
but you still played them.
I think that's the difference is that in this new one, you actually have games that
are playable with two people at once.
And I don't think the GameCube version had that.
I can't remember.
So, there is that.
Hi, joining us here a little early, but that's OK.
We love to see her.
Hi there, DarkSakura.
I see you just joined us.
Hi.
Yeah, I woke up.
Well, good morning.
I have, I have strain cheese.
Yummy.
Hey, we just talked about the new Metroid and I know you have to have some feelings
on that.
What are your thoughts seeing the Metroid Dread announcement?
Give now.
What do you think?
What do you think about the whole there are no Metroids in this game?
I said that's bull, that they're lying, that they're trying to keep it a secret or something.
I honestly don't care about there being no Metroids in it because I saw Chozo and that
makes me happy.
There are other pieces of Metroid lore for us to be in love with.
I certainly want more of the Chozo in it because, I mean, the only real story that any of us
got for the Chozo is in the manga, as I recall correctly.
If you want to discount like hints in Super Metroid, because I would say they were.
I mean, like real lore.
Yeah, I totally know what you mean.
But like, you know, in Super Metroid, they kind of became more than just the statue.
Like it was very clear there was more to them.
You know what I mean?
So, yeah.
Well, right.
Yeah.
If I recall correctly, I think it came out either before or around Super Metroid.
So I have to look that back up, but I'm glad that we're seeing some of them.
I almost wonder if this is some kind of prequel.
I don't think it's intended to be because you still have Prime serving as the prequels,
I think.
But anything's possible, really.
Like a pre-Metroid story.
Perhaps.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says they're already making strats based on the trailer.
And I think he's referencing this comment from Tiger Claw.
Can't wait to see speedrunners take on this game and beat it under an hour.
I love that.
They're already strategizing based on the trailer.
Amazing.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
Sacred Jade in chat says, I thought this was a sequel to Fusion.
I think it is supposed to be like Metroid 5.
So if you consider Metroid slash Metroid Zero, Super Metroid, Metroid Fusion, I guess
Other M or am I missing one?
No, of course I'm missing one.
Samus 2 on the Game Boy, Return of Samus.
They don't count Other M. Sorry, I skipped one.
So it's Metroid, Return of Samus, then Super Metroid, then Fusion.
Now this is 5, Metroid.
So Other M has been thrown out of the canon.
So, so much for that.
All right.
One has a few things they're embarrassed about in their history.
I didn't think Other M was as bad as everyone else does.
Like it's, it's definitely different.
She's different.
Like that's, that's, that's my review of Metroid Other M. She's different.
Not as different as Federation Force, but you know, that's what, that's one we'd like
to forget.
Loki, we don't talk about Federation Force.
We just, that, that she, she passed away.
Like we don't talk about that one anymore.
All right, let's see.
So other stuff in the Nintendo Direct.
So we've got Metroid out of the way.
We got Samus out of the way.
Oh, I should mention this.
The Breath of the Wild 2 footage.
So I have been an insufferable bitch on this show saying that if Nintendo doesn't show
Breath of the Wild 2 footage, they're doing the fans a disservice.
And y'all in chat, especially Bobby Blackwell, have been saying no person in the history
of ever has not like pre-ordered or bought the game because they didn't show footage
at a certain event.
And I was like, I don't care.
Your facts are inconvenient and I reject them.
And my point is, is that Nintendo is disrespecting their fans by continuing to not give a Breath
of the Wild 2 update.
They need to give us at least a little something, a little piece, a little taste.
Just lick, let me lick the wall just once, okay?
And I think they did that.
I know some people are kind of disappointed with what little of Breath of the Wild 2 they
showed.
I'm going to actually, I will surprise you all and actually defend it and say that was
what I was talking about.
That was fine.
That was needed.
That was all the update we needed.
We're good.
Yeah, I think it was fine.
It looked great.
Mm-hmm.
So yeah.
Darktitsuyu in chat says, it was a brief tease, but I went away happy.
Can't wait to see what they do with the dual areas.
Absolutely.
Especially, are we getting the upside down castle in Breath of the Wild 2?
Because that's kind of cool.
Questbuster in chat says, I'm pretty excited on seeing what they had for Breath of the
Wild 2.
Did you notice those parallels to Skyward Sword?
I sure did.
Because that whole little blip started with Link falling through the sky just like a scene
in Skyward Sword.
And I'm laughing because I saw the most hilarious edit where somebody took that link flying
through the air thing.
And they photoshopped that instead of wearing pants, he's wearing a jockstrap.
So his ass is hanging out as he's flying through the air.
And I'm sorry, I'm immature and I thought it was really fucking funny.
So there's that.
But the Breath of the Wild footage was fun.
And it was also weird too, the show that, because they showed that like right after
the Skyward Sword HD or remaster thing.
So it was like, these are similar.
I don't know.
The way they set that whole segment up was a little bit of a misstep because they were
like, and here is the last game we have to talk about today.
And it went into Hyrule Warriors DLC.
And I was like sitting there going, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you for doing
the Hyrule Warriors last.
But then it kind of went into, then Anamora showed up and was like, let's talk about Zelda.
And I was like, oh, oh, okay, we're cool.
Oh, you're talking Zelda, the whole part, the whole piece, the whole story is the last
game of the day.
And I calmed down.
And so they did, of course, the Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild 2, and that little Game
and Watch thing, which is interesting.
It's actually pretty cool.
It has three games on it.
Yeah.
And I like that.
I like that more than the Mario one, I think.
Yeah, I think because the Mario games, how do I say this nicely?
The Mario is kind of played out at this point.
Obviously, Super Mario Brothers is an epic, epic game.
But how many times and how many places do you need the original Super Mario Brothers
to be played?
I feel like there's going to be a version that comes out for refrigerators soon.
That is like how many places that shows up.
But the original Legend of Zelda, and especially like Zelda 2 Adventures of Link, the Game
Boy one too, those are some deeper cuts.
And I think that's nice to see those on the little Game and Watch.
I think the little clock thing looks cute, the way that you can play it.
So I'm more interested in the Zelda one than I was the Mario one.
I will say that.
So what are you going to do when they release the Metroid Game and Watch next year?
Shove it right in my ass, Loki.
I can see them doing like a Metroid, a Metroid, the Game Boy, Metroid Returns, and then just
for the hell of it, maybe throw in Kid Icarus or something like that.
Now you're just like throwing fanboy options out there.
Like yeah right, Kid Icarus.
Like Nintendo's going to acknowledge that franchise again.
First off, Sakurai's going to have to take a nap before we can even think about a new
Kid Icarus game.
And I don't know what's up with that, so yeah.
I would love that though, don't get me wrong.
Like a Metroid Kid Icarus Game and Watch, like a password pack Game and Watch, I'm all
about that.
That would be amazing.
With that silver color.
So alright, anyway.
Bobby says I'm on a butt kick today.
I said two things.
Come on.
What was I supposed to say to that?
Imagine they release your favorite game on a Game and Watch.
What are you going to do?
Of course I'm going to buy it.
If I can get one.
That is.
The funny thing is that I'm in so many other streamers groups that I have plenty of butt
icons to satisfy anybody.
You're very kind and generous with a lot of the Dead by Daylight streamers.
I see you sub to a lot of them.
And a lot of them have some nasty icons, so I don't know.
Some of those I'm like, how did that get through moderation?
So I'm always...
I'm having to be a little bit more judicious with who I sub to.
I understand.
I understand.
It's okay to have an occasional butt show up, you know?
It's just a butt.
Everybody has one.
Gosh.
Anyway, Darsakra, I have to ask you your thoughts on what little we saw, the little tease for
Breath of the Wild 2 and the Zelda stuff.
I'm exactly the same feeling as I was before.
I'm looking forward to it coming out.
This didn't really show me anything else.
Zelda fell down a hole.
We'll see.
All right.
Loki, why don't you walk us through some of the other things that they mentioned with
the Nintendo Direct?
Yeah, so actually kind of going back to the... even though you didn't like it, the Zelda
Hyrule Warriors DLC looked actually pretty cool, where you can actually play as the guardian
stuff.
So my son's excited about that, at least.
Other things that they talked about, they have a new Mario Party Superstars coming out.
That's going to be a collection of the mini games.
I think they did something similar already, but I guess it's now more.
It's like the greatest hits album.
Yeah, but they did that, though, with like the...
It was like Mario Party Gold or something like that.
I thought that came out already.
I think the big thing about this one is that it's all online now, because they finally
figured out that people can play Mario Party online and how to do that.
They figured it out online finally.
That's good.
They talked about the new DLC character for Smash Brothers, which is going to be Kazuya
Mishima from Tekken.
So that's cool.
We got all these fighting games kind of mixed together.
We're almost to Urgites, almost.
Apparently Heihachi is part of the temple level.
What else?
We got confirmation that Guardians of the Galaxy was also coming to the Switch, as well
as some other Switch games that we kind of figured were also coming.
So Two Point Campus, Just Dance 2022, Worms Rumble, Dragon Ball Z, Kakarot, and New Power
Awakens, part one and two.
So that's a long title.
A new Super Monkey Ball, Banana Mania, that's going to be a collection that's coming as
well.
Shimagami Tensei V, and what else?
New collection of Danganronpa games.
What?
Yep.
Yep.
It's Danganronpa Decadence, it's Trigger Happy Havoc, Danganronpa 2, V3, and the new
Danganronpa S Ultimate Summer Camp.
Yay.
We've got a 3D Advance Wars remake, so that was kind of cool.
Oh yeah, that was very unexpected, in my opinion.
I was not expecting an Advance Wars remake, I'm not complaining.
It's not a series I super got into, but I know it is loved, I know people really appreciate
that.
I'm excited to see it.
And then, what else?
Fatal Frame is also coming, it's a Fatal Frame made out of black water.
That was kind of a surprise as well.
So yeah, I think Nintendo had a great direct, I really do.
You know, it wasn't like my face melted off, it was so amazing, but I walked out of it
going okay, I see what games I'm going to be playing this holiday and I'm going to have
fun with it.
And video games should be fun, yay.
So I was above, more than satisfied, we'll say that.
Alright, so there's the Nintendo Direct Recap.
Before we close the book on E3, Loki, am I missing anything else with the show itself
like isn't coming up later in our show or something that needs to be brought up?
I think we touched on everything, but I'm worried I missed something.
If there's something, then I missed it too, because E3 is hard, because there's a ton
of announcements and they're all over the place.
Should we say something about that in television presentation?
I didn't watch it, but I kind of read about it.
I watched it.
I still have a system pre-ordered.
I ordered them when they first came out.
I think the direction the system is taking is interesting.
They're really going to need the games to back it up, and I think they're really going
to need to show solid games that aren't just like, oh, I could do this on my cell phone.
They kind of have that opportunity with like, say, Earthworm Jim.
I think the whole, even though that series has its own issues, but I'm not going to go there.
But the Echo the Dolphin thing was a lot more exciting, not that series itself,
but the creators are making like a new game.
I think that now that's the kind of stuff where I'm like, OK, and television could have
a very interesting niche there if they get some of these like retro developers to come
back and do like a new thing.
I think that could be very because, you know, a lot of retro developers are kind of I think
we were talking a little bit about this with the Ken and Roberta Williams story last week
or the week before was that it's harder to develop a game now with, you know, one person
or a small team than it was back in the day.
But I think in television kind of opens up that possibility again a little bit because
of the rules for its system.
It almost lends itself better to small dev teams.
So I wonder if they're going to attract some of the retro devs a little more often.
I think they could be interesting.
Quest Buster in chat says the Amico presentation was neat.
Tallarico really emphasized that they weren't in competition with the big three.
They just want to be another fun option in addition to those.
And that's absolutely the right path to take.
But gaming, there's so much gaming that is outside just the big three.
I mean, hello, cell phones is huge.
But even now, you know, between arcade one up cabinets and little mini cabinets like
that Street Fighter one that Alan brought me in the middle of the show last week, you
know, there's there's other ways to kind of check games out that aren't just like your
traditional kind of system as well.
Games are baked into TVs now.
You know, it's it's the cloud gaming.
It is.
Gaming is kind of going beyond just the big three.
So I think it's very, very interesting.
SSJ 100.
Matt says put Pixel Poops on Amico, Tommy.
I've been saying to YYR he needs to I think I don't know.
I feel like he might have at least tried to like send an email.
I don't know if the email got anywhere, but I know like I think I think YYR's games, not
just Pixel Poops, but the types of games he develops like super multitasking like Amico
would be such a good platform for that.
So I'd be curious to see like what what's involved with developing for that.
Like I don't know what frameworks and stuff that it's supported on there.
I don't really know what the Intellivision Amico can do and like hardware wise.
So like how do I develop for that?
So I would love information on that, but.
I mean, they have an email address.
That's about it.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says Pixel Poops wouldn't go on the Amico because of the subject matter.
Other YYR games might.
I have the fix for you.
Here you go.
Because they're little brown piles, you're just going to call them pixel dumps.
And that's what it's pixel dumps.
And you're just going to and you change the taco stand to a pixel store and you're just
dumping pixels on the ground.
That's there.
There you go.
See, I made YYR's game Christian friendly.
How about that?
Pixel pocket says you could make it ice cream.
Oh my God.
It would be like the sweat on Mortal Kombat.
So now my God, instead of little brown piles on the ground, it would just be little pink
piles and it's strawberry ice cream.
And then the little taco cabana turns into ice cream cabana.
There you go.
Done.
Oh my God.
YYR, not to give you more work.
But like Pixel Poops now needs a strawberry code.
Or like if you put down right up left YB, it changes it to strawberry ice cream.
Orange right says people will be searching for the poop code.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
But please check it if you if you are newer to Orange Launch Radio and you don't understand
why we're obsessed with Pixel Poops.
It's actually a game that we well, Jamie created and we take credit for.
But Jamie's kind of said this on the show once.
You know, we have this list of dream games that's on our wiki and she threw out that
idea.
And then YYR, one of our listeners slash fav game developers ran with it, actually put
out a game called Pixel Poops.
And then like if that wasn't enough, then Loki was like, hey, I'm going to make a Pixel
Poops game on the NES.
You know, I've always I've been teasing, making a game for literally six years on the
show.
And then he releases Pixel Poops 2 on the NES maker.
And it's available on itch.io and Steam.
Which I do need to update that to the special editions, because there's stuff, you know,
more levels and everything and more characters and other things.
I just haven't quite trying to combine that with uploading YouTube stuff every week or
trying to do it every week is that stuff.
But I still want to do that because I have cartridges and I've got labels now.
I can't wait.
So physical editions.
Yeah, I can't wait.
That's going to be the must have OLR collectors item, that's for sure.
All right, let's move on and get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games
that we have been playing this week, whether it's Pixel Dumps or otherwise.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
You're muted on hard mute on Discord.
There we go.
There we go.
It was all right.
I played lots of Dead by Daylight.
I played some Pinball.
Wardscapes.
That's it.
No Animal Crossing.
No Animal Crossing?
Two weeks without.
Oh, no.
Is this the beginning of the end?
No, I don't think so.
I just think that I've been really busy.
Understandable.
I'm also surprised, too, like kind of going back to Nintendo Direct, that we didn't hear
any updates on Animal Crossing.
Yeah, it's a little bit surprising, too.
I think like no like version update or something.
Maybe that's coming to like Nintendo Direct or something.
Yeah, yeah.
And also, I didn't watch Treehouse.
They have a lot of stuff, you know, that sometimes they announce in Treehouse.
So maybe it was in there.
I think if they announced something that big, it would have been all over Twitter.
So we've already would have had that.
So I think it's just not.
Yeah, I think if they do anything, it'll be in a separate direct later on or like
they'll do maybe a direct.
I don't want to set expectations unreasonably, but maybe they'll do like in I was gonna say
an indie game direct, but I'm not sure Animal Crossing would fit in with that.
So maybe some type of a mini direct that gives updates on a lot of indies and then an Animal
Crossing surprise thrown in there and maybe maybe one other game that gets DLC or something.
So all right.
Let's let's move on to Loki and your gaming week.
Well, it's been Minecraft still.
So actually, a lot of this week was editing, but still a lot of Minecraft.
And just basically working on designing the structure that I'm building for inspired by
the session I had with Tango Tech last week.
So just kind of working on that, it's going to I decided originally the concept I had
pitched to him when I was doing it was like, OK, we're going to build a skyscraper type
thing, but instead I'm going with like a industrial factory.
So I've been working on that, doing the redstone for that.
So that'll be coming soon.
I tease at the end of my video.
And so that's what I'm working on.
And we had to be continuing to work on this week.
I'm actually taking some time off from work because because it's not work.
So to play some more during the week.
So I'll be doing that.
And I do want to get back into streaming some more as well.
But it's hard to stream when we have cats yelling at us down at their feet.
But yeah.
All right.
My gaming week, I don't really have new games to talk about.
Sadly, I know I was supposed to get on Game Pass to get like Yakuza like a dragon and
some of the other stuff, but our bandwidth is a little tight right at the moment.
And I've just I've just been kind of enjoying the games that I have still.
I've actually been playing No Man's Sky again, which is weird because there's not
another mission, a special timed mission in there right now.
But I want to work on the achievements that I'm missing in that game, because it's really
ridiculous that I talk so much about this game and I don't have all the achievements
So I really need to work on those.
So that's kind of been my goal in No Man's Sky.
I've been continuing in Final Fantasy 14.
In fact, I did at least one stream this week.
There might have been two.
I can't remember anymore, but I know I did one just last night and I've been working
on some of the classes that are not level 80 yet, building them up.
So like my warrior is one of my last jobs.
I have to get to level 80 and I got that to level 51 on stream last night.
So that was pretty cool.
And then continuing in Dead by Daylight a little bit.
I just play a little bit every day.
Shout out to my husband, Alan Alchemy.
He did a stream earlier today for Dead by Daylight.
He did his first cosplay stream where he actually dressed up as one of the characters, Ace.
He bought all this stuff online that he dressed up as the character.
You can check it out on his channel at Alan Alchemy.
I'm pretty sure his VODs are all open and he has clips too.
And I thought that was really adorable that he really poured himself into that.
He actually grew out his facial hair a certain way so he could do the cosplay authentically.
That's pretty awesome.
Yeah, right.
So and I told him you need to go to Dragon Con so you can use some of these cosplays again.
I think Alan may be into the idea of Dragon Con next year.
This year's a little too soon and kind of like this year has been being played.
It's not necessarily the COVID thing, but it's that this year has been being planned
since 2019.
So it's a little hard for Alan to get it on that.
But he's talking about maybe 2022.
He's actually going to come, especially if he sticks with the streaming things.
That would be really exciting, I think.
And then I feel like I'm missing something for my gaming week,
but it's a lot of the stuff I've talked about before on this show.
I didn't really play anything new this week.
Maybe in the next week I'll finally get the Yakuza like a dragon.
Although I'm actually going to be gone for a couple days next weekend.
Not to toot my own horn, but next weekend is my birthday.
So I'm going to be out of town.
I'm going to be getting back just in time for O.L.R. on Sunday.
So it's going to be a rush show next week.
So that'll be fun.
So, yeah.
All right.
Speaking of special show stuff, before I get to the next story,
one thing I want to make sure you all know about,
if you haven't seen on Twitter yet,
Loki Dark Sakura and myself are going to be doing a very special presentation
on Wednesday is the 23rd, right?
If I did my math right.
So Wednesday night at 7 p.m. Pacific, 10 p.m. Eastern,
we are going to be doing a special stream here at VOG Network
where we listen to Orange Lounge Radio episode one.
And not going to lie, it's going to be a little cringe
because we've come a long way in 19 years.
But that's kind of what it's all about is celebrating how far this show has come
in the 19 years that we've been on the air.
So that is a channel point reward.
You guys raised the points for the live folks here at Twitch.tv
and it was our highest channel point reward ever.
And you guys still raised 150,000 points.
So we're going to do that special stream for you guys.
And the Wednesday date is specifically chosen.
It's intentional because June 23rd was the first Orange Lounge Radio.
Obviously, what day falls on what day of the week changes from year to year.
So June 23rd was a Sunday in 2002.
It's going to be a Wednesday this year,
but that will be the actual 19th birthday.
And Dartetsuya in chat says,
Didn't the show originally start at 7?
It started at 6.30.
So I'm glad you brought that up.
Orange Lounge Radio's original time was 6.30 to 8.30.
It was a two-hour show.
And then when we were not able to contain ourselves to two hours,
it was 6 to 9.
So and insert your own joke about 6 and 9 here.
So yeah, it was 6.30 to 8.30 when it first started.
So yeah, that is kind of interesting is that when we listen to the show,
it's only going to be two hours worth of show.
And there were music breaks in the beginning.
So and for obvious reasons, we're not going to play those music breaks.
We're going to kind of use our skip ahead on the music breaks to just get to the talking parts.
So the talking itself may only be about an hour, an hour 15.
I don't remember the ratio of music to talking in the early shows.
So we will cover all that on Wednesday.
I still have to figure out how to play an MP3 so you guys can hear it while I'm broadcasting it.
So I better figure that out before Wednesday.
All right.
Anyhow, one other shout out.
Sorry, I know we won't get into gaming news, but I have some shout outs this week.
I need to make sure I get this one out on air
because you can check it out over on their YouTube channel.
The Dragon Con Digital Media Track did a special kind of spotlight show
that I was lucky enough to be a guest on.
That was a week ago, but you can now watch on YouTube.
You can watch the interview that Mike did with me.
And we just talked about, you know, doing a show for 19 years
and talked a little bit about this upcoming Dragon Con.
And we talked a little bit about, you know,
how has the motivation been there for so long and all that stuff.
So I want to just kind of give that a shout out.
The link is in the VOG Network Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Since it's a YouTube link, I can't really read it on air
because, you know, it just has random numbers and letters at the end of it.
But please be on the lookout for that or just check out.
Just do like, you know, Dragon Con Digital Media Rob Roberts.
You'll find it if you do a search there.
So look for that.
And then Bobby is asking me to plug.
Oh, thank you.
I actually linked it there in chat for the live folks.
Thank you.
Thank you for those in the podcast.
Just do a search for it.
You'll find it.
And then Bobby Black Wolf says,
Oh, and plug Summer Games Done Quick Real Quick 2.
Monday early morning and the Saturday night finale.
I don't think I need to plug Summer Games Done Quick because everybody knows about it.
If you don't know about Summer Games Done Quick,
hello, welcome to video game culture.
There is a very big video game event that happens in the summer and in the winter.
And in the winter, it's called Awesome Games Done Quick.
And in the summer, it's called Summer Games Done Quick.
They raise money for charity by doing games quickly.
It's not just a clever title, but the speed running community is awesome.
The commentary they do is great.
Excuse me.
And since it is a charity fundraising thing, there are donations that come in
and somebody has to read those donations and give shout outs live on air.
And one of those many talented somebodies that brings it all together for Summer Games Done Quick
is going to be VOG Network's own Bobby Black Wolf.
And so he will be doing some announcing Monday early, early morning.
Maybe depending on your time zone, it may not be quite the same.
I would say if you're Europe, this is a great chance to catch Bobby Black Wolf
because that'll be middle of the day for you guys.
But he's got a block of games on Monday that I know includes Star Tropics 2, I think.
And I know the original Batman on NES is in there as well and some other games as well.
But then the big, big one that Bobby's doing, we're really thrilled for him.
And, you know, it's just for the speed run in general because it's going to be great.
Bobby's hosting the finale, which is Kingdom Hearts 2 this year.
So he'll be there at the very, very end of it all on Saturday night.
So that is going to be awesome.
So congrats to Bobby and best of luck to everybody at the Summer Games Done Quick.
And I believe that is the 4th of July weekend coming up when that all starts.
Remind me of the date real quick.
I know it's not next week, but I think it's the week after.
So if somebody wants to remind me of the date when that starts.
Thank you.
Bobby says it's July 4th through 11th.
Okay, that's what I thought.
I thought it started the weekend of July 4th.
Okay, so yeah, be looking out for that.
Okay, now we can get the news.
I'm done with all the announcements.
There was a lot tonight.
So that was our own E3 direct right there.
There you go.
All right, let's move on.
Loki, why don't you start us off tonight?
All right.
So starting off, you know, there was some, I guess, issues with the demo for the new
Final Fantasy game that's Strangers in Paradise.
So apparently that there was some issues with game corruption or where there's a gate that
was corrupted or something like that.
So they've, I guess, been able to unable to boot the game and running into different issues
with it, which is not a good way to present your game.
No, it is not.
Even though, yes.
Sorry, I just I need to get on my tangent about bandwidth caps again.
Because people were burning that game download.
And then it's like I wasted my bandwidth for literally nothing.
Now, if I'm not mistaken, you didn't have to re-download the entire thing to fix it.
Am I correct, Bobby?
Because I don't have PS5 still.
Maybe that'll be fixed this holiday.
We'll see.
I don't have PS5 still.
So I don't know.
Did you have to re-download all 11 gigs or did something kind of trigger on the back
end where it just figured it out?
Bobby Blackwell says the patch was not 11 gigs.
OK, so at least they didn't have to re-download everything.
That's good, at least.
But they did it.
They did at least fix it, though, earlier this week.
So that was that was nice that that happened.
But still, like, you know, kind of test that before you publish it.
That's embarrassing.
That's embarrassing for not just Square, but Sony.
And just like the PlayStation 5 is a platform.
Sorry, I'm not trying to be a jerk, but that's a really embarrassing mistake.
Like, how was this not tested?
What this would look like on a retail PS5?
I mean, I'm sure it was tested on dev PS5s.
How was this not tested on a retail PS5?
It's possible, like if there's some sort of corruption with it, maybe that, you know,
copying something or maybe the transfer to like the server or something caused an issue.
And so, you know, maybe it was fine on their end, but then they had the I don't know.
But it is still annoying.
It's it's it's ridiculous how that all went down.
Quest Buster in chat says one could say the demo was fraught with chaos.
Bobby Blackwell says I played it.
They did have an easy mode, but it's a souls like and it kind of proves why Souls games
should not have an easy mode because it's kind of boring.
I got bored and turned it off at some point.
It was just too repetitive.
No one special 77s in chat and says so Squeenix tossed the demo of Phoenix down.
Well, they I think they kind of had to because that's
I mean, it's one thing when your demos bad.
It's another when your demo just straight up done work.
Can you imagine back in the day, Loki, if you'd bought one of those PlayStation magazines
with the demo disk and you put the demo disk in your drive and it just goes corrupt file error?
Sorry.
Yeah, people would be upset.
People would be a little bit upset.
I get that it's different now, but it's I just can't believe that happened.
Or like one of those.
What was it where you got the Final Fantasy seven demo with like, yeah,
Brave Fencer, Masashi, like that file error.
Yes.
Whoops.
That was that's that's really just embarrassing for everyone involved.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, all right.
At some point, I'll get a PlayStation five.
I don't think my birthday I'm going to get one for that, but maybe the holidays.
Anyway, let's move on and talk.
Sorry, guys.
Let's talk a little bit about Niantic, the creators of the game Pokemon Go,
which I've talked a couple times about on this show.
They make other games as well.
Ingress I've talked a little bit about, even though I think that game is kind of lesser known.
But Ingress is that was their first big game and still,
I was going to say is still popular, but that might kind of be a lie.
So is still played.
We'll say that.
It's still popular among the people that still play the game.
Yeah, it's still popular with some people.
And I would say also Harry Potter, Wizards Unite.
I'm not sure how well that game is doing, but I think it's well enough.
It's still going.
I kind of stopped playing that a long time ago,
but I know others that still play it and are into it.
So there's that.
Those are all the Niantic games that are out now.
Niantic has also previously announced they are working on a Settlers of Catan game.
That is still not out.
I think that one's being tested in New Zealand or something, but that game is still not out.
They also announced very recently they are working on a Pikmin game,
or at least some type of exploration with Pikmin type of app.
We're not sure exactly if that means like a game
or maybe something where you're collecting like things from.
We don't know what that is yet, but we know Niantic is doing something with Pikmin.
Well, it was also announced this week Niantic's got another project in the works.
A Transformers game is the next game coming from Niantic.
Now this sounds like it might be a little more when I say is coming from Niantic.
This might be a little more like Niantic and Wizards Unite,
where I actually think Wizards Unite is actively developed by Portkey Games,
which is a subsidiary of Warner Brothers.
They handle all the Harry Potter stuff and they use Niantic's network of AR portals and ARs.
I say portals because they, you know, built that all on the labor of ingress players
and now Pokemon Go players a little bit as well, which is why it got worse, but I digress.
I have to ask because now it's been like a long time.
Yes, an undetermined long time.
So they've finally given you any sort of perks for, you know,
prestige or whatever in ingress.
If you have their $5 a month sub or whatever it is, then you get one set of rewards if you're
unrecursed and you get a slightly better set of rewards if you have recursed.
But that involves you have to have their $5 a month sub to see that.
That's lame.
Yeah, I wish the reward was better for the recursion.
I, you know, that's ingress.
And you know what, though?
You know, as much as I joke about ingress is kind of like, you know,
it's not really at the level it used to be and all that they are.
They have announced they are going to start bringing live events back,
you know, with COVID restrictions, having lessened and vaccines being readily available
if you want it.
And again, we here at OLR would encourage all of you to get your vaccinations.
We've all gotten ours and we're fine.
And yeah, and far less of a chance to spread COVID when we have that.
But anyhow, so they're going to be bringing back live events again.
And I think they're doing a van event in Oakland July 9th.
That's just like a social get together.
But I think they're doing a mission day on July 11th.
And that, again, is kind of like you check in at a spot,
but you're really going outside and exploring the town and doing missions and getting.
So I think there's that.
And then they are saying in-person anomalies or some other type of in-person PVP events,
maybe not necessarily anomaly, but some other type of event is going to be coming back.
It sounds like this year.
So that's kind of exciting as well.
So we'll see.
All right.
Anyway, back to the Transformers game before we got on a tangent there.
I was saying that I think this Transformers game is like the Harry Potter game in that
Niantic is not the one really actively developing it,
but they are lending their AR expertise and their layout of the world to this game.
Because admittedly, it does work better when you have games,
because there's been a lot of Pokemon Go,
like rip off games where it's been randomly generated, so to speak.
And it doesn't usually work out as well.
I don't know.
Some people really love that Jurassic Park game.
Oh, the Transformers game?
Heck yeah.
Heck yeah.
Right.
So Transformers.
Transformers Heavy Metal is supposed to launch globally this year.
They're going to soft launch it in some countries soon.
And I guarantee those some countries are Australia,
New Zealand, because that's where all the Niantic stuff gets piloted.
Seattle-based studio Very Very Spaceship is leading development on this.
So that's why...
I love the name of that studio.
Yeah, I know, right?
That's why I said, I don't think it's actually Niantic,
but there's kind of that going on.
How does this work?
Here's the description.
In Transformers Heavy Metal...
Heavy Metal makes me think of the anime from the 80s, actually.
That's why I'm in Transformers game.
Yeah, right.
In Transformers Heavy Metal, players will join the Guardian Network,
a group of humans who have banded together with the Autobots in a war against the Decepticons.
As a Guardian, players will uncover hidden regions across Earth to find resources and
battle Decepticons in turn-based battles, either solo or with friends.
The only disappointing part about that description is that it
sounds like I will not be able to be a Decepticon or root for the Decepticons.
That is the only unfortunate news.
But okay, I'll still try it.
Pretty much any AR game, and I mean any AR game,
because I've played some fucking trash AR games, Garfield Go.
I've played some really fucking trash AR games.
I'll try it at least once.
Just because I love the concept of real-world location AR games.
I realize AR could also mean hollow lens type stuff,
where literally the environment around you and what you're seeing is different.
And I think Niantic is headed that direction if you look at some of their prototype stuff.
But we're not there yet with these cell phone games.
So it'll be very interesting.
So, all right.
Bobby Blackwell from chat says,
actually, heavy metal wasn't an anime because it was made in the US by Ivan Reitman.
And then I agree with Dark Sakura.
Technically, anime stands for animation,
and US animation is referred to as anime in Japan.
HA!
I mean, there are tons of words that are really just shortened versions.
Like, Terebi is television.
I'm gonna be honest.
I called it an anime because even if it was developed, it kind of looks like an anime to me.
And I realize that's also very different.
So, heavy metal is an interesting movie because back in the day, here we go.
You ready for grandpa to tell a story?
Back in the day, Dark Sakura and Loki, you'll appreciate this,
at the Birdcage Cinemas back in the day.
And then these Sacramento locals.
Back in the day at the Birdcage Cinema,
when we used to do the Rocky Horror Picture Show at midnight,
the midnight movie, the Rocky Horror Picture Show played in theater one.
You know what played in theater two?
Every weekend at midnight?
Heavy metal.
So I know that movie very well from back in the day.
Do you want to know what's funny?
What's funny?
I was sneaked in to see it in 1981.
Oh my god, that's amazing.
I didn't know what was going on.
I think I fell asleep, but I remembered the...
I just remember asking, is that John Candy?
Because he did a voice.
I remember for a short while, for sure, I'd say about a year,
they did Austin Powers Man of Mystery in theater three.
And then I want to say there was another one they tried to do as a midnight movie for a short time,
because it was one of those things where it was like, if we're going to open...
Rocky Horror was the only one that people actually went to, by the way.
Because I remember for...
I remember one night...
Sorry, this has nothing to do with games.
I'm telling the story anyway.
I remember one night, we had such a big theme night going on.
We were running into theater two to fucking change
into one costume to another, because we were out of space in the back part area.
So it was like, you know what?
Once you run up the aisle, just go fucking change in the heavy metal theater.
No one's in there.
Anyway, all right.
I have an aside, by the way, about heavy metal.
Okay, why not?
I get tangents, you get tangents.
What's your aside?
So I used to play Rifts.
It was one of the first tabletop games I ever played.
And our campaign was to find the Lochnar.
And basically, my character was the only one that lived.
I played a true neutral character.
She had an anti-gravity trench coat and was playing Tetris
while the entire party got eaten by ants.
I love that.
And then she delivered the Lochnar to whoever had hired them to get it for a lot of money.
And then that was the last time I ever played Rifts.
Table games really truly only are limited by your imagination.
That's for sure.
By the way, speaking of the birdcage,
while Rocky Horror played in theater one, Heavy Metal would play in theater two,
and Austin Powers in theater three,
do you know what was going on in the parking lot?
Making out.
LARPing.
Well...
I LARPed.
Man, the birdcage being...
That was a fucking cultural icon here in the Sacramento area.
If any of our listeners are in Northern California,
and you're over the age of 30,
you understand all this reminiscing about the birdcage.
That was the place, I'll tell you.
All right.
Yeah, I just know about his second hand.
I mean, I was there when birdcage was torn down, but...
Yeah, you just missed it because they tore it down in, what, 2001?
No, that was the year you got here.
So I think you just missed it.
I was here in 99 because I remember that we watched
X 1999 and End of Evangelion back to back
when it turned to 2000 and was really depressed.
I was here.
The last Rocky Horror at birdcage was 2001.
So you were here, you just probably never got over there.
I was here, yeah.
All right.
Anyway...
Because Dan and I used to go to the game room, like, all the time.
Oh, that arcade was bomb.
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
See?
Had I not mansplained, we wouldn't have had any of these tangents.
You're welcome, O.L. Army.
What about all the good things mansplaining did?
S.J. 100 Matt says,
We need to bring Travis Donovan in on this memory lane trip.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
All right, let's move on to our next story.
Did you want to do this dark soccer?
You want me to do this?
You can do it.
Okay, then let's talk about the Epic Game Store and some of the...
I'm sorry, Loki.
Why don't you do this?
I'm sorry, I noticed it was you.
I thought I had this.
Nope.
So there's some...
I don't know if it's leaks or, like, rumors or whatever, but it's...
The database lists Final Fantasy 7 Remake and Alan Wake Remastered
as titles that are going to be possibly coming out.
So they're under, like, kind of code names right now.
But if you look at the database, it actually shows, like, the cloud save folder,
which then has their actual names.
So I like these because, you know, Final Fantasy 7 Remake, that's Pineapple QA.
And then we have Heron staging for Alan Wake Remastered.
So I guess these are coming.
Just when?
I am so here for an Alan Wake Remastered.
I hope it's true.
I hope they got to keep the licensed music.
That's my other big, like, request because it had an amazing soundtrack.
Like, I'm sorry, I screamed when Pose Haunted actually was in a video game.
I never thought I'd live to see the day.
But yeah, and that whole soundtrack was amazing.
So if they actually got to keep the licensed music and they're doing a remaster,
I'm so here for it.
Let's hope so.
Yeah, I'm curious to see what abominations we're going to get with Final Fantasy 7
Remastered coming to PC, and then the modding community hits it.
Oh boy!
That's going to be interesting!
Can't wait!
It's going to be a lot of fun.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about...
Hey, let's talk about the things people are already making.
A game that encourages making your own games.
Game Builder Garage came out for the Nintendo Switch.
That was another one of those things I meant to get around to this week.
And, you know, just didn't get the time.
And we were kind of wondering, like, how long before people build copyright
questionable things in Game Builder Garage?
And it was kind of like, well, it maybe...
It seems like it might be too limited to do that kind of stuff.
Like it's not Dreams, you know, on the PS4.
Like Game Builder Garage is still a little limited in what you can do.
So we weren't sure if there would be a lot, but as it turns out,
no, people are able to make some pretty neat knockoffs in there.
So apparently some Twitter users actually made the 1996 O'Green of Time prototype.
That's amazing.
And a user named Zelda Boy on Twitter made the original SNES Mario Kart.
Apparently recreated that in Game Builder Garage.
Now it looks like I'm looking at the screenshot of it and it doesn't totally look right.
But still the idea that somebody kind of made it and it kind of works is pretty neat.
Anyway, if you want to look up this user on Twitter, their name is Zelda Boy,
but that's B-O-I and then one.
You can see they put the game ID there if you want to check out that game
and with all the controls there.
So I think that's pretty cool.
And yeah, the O'Green of Time prototype link doesn't exactly look right,
but still, I mean, the fact that people are going this far with it is pretty cool.
Yeah, I haven't played Game Builder Garage yet, but my son's still going through it.
He played through like several different tutorials.
So he's been having me play his games that he's been making with it.
So there's one that he did where it's like a two-player game where you have...
It's like tag, so you have to get away from the one person
and dodge like these balls that are falling down.
And then there was another one he did that was kind of like one of those labyrinth mazes
where you tilt the marble around.
So he uses the motion controls to control that one.
So that's cool.
He's enjoying it.
All right.
Yeah, I want to check that out.
We haven't put Pixel Poops 2 on it yet, so, you know.
By the way, one other...
There's an Intend Dogs prototype that somebody made as well.
Japanese user made that.
So that's pretty cool.
So anyway, I definitely have to check out the Game Builder Garage.
For nothing else, I just want to play other people's games.
People are very creative.
It's not a full-price game either.
I think it's $30 or $40.
Oh, that's even better.
Yeah, so it's definitely worth checking out.
Absolutely.
All right, moving on.
Loki.
All right, so Cyberpunk 2077 has been littered with bugs and problems.
And you may remember last year they had pulled it from the PlayStation Store because it was so broken.
Well, it's finally coming back.
So you can actually now check it out for the PlayStation 4 now.
I don't think they have a dedicated PlayStation...
Well, yeah, obviously they don't have a dedicated PlayStation 5 or Series X version yet.
But it's coming.
So the wait...
I don't even know what the timeline was because I know that was supposed to be March originally.
And then they pushed it back.
I don't know if that's still August or something, but I haven't played it in a while.
It's been probably six months since I played that game because I've been just waiting for it to be fully patched.
Yeah, I don't blame you.
But that's great that they can actually get the sales from PlayStation now.
Although, you know, based on other stories, it doesn't sound like the game got hurt as bad as we thought it would.
I mean, yes, they had to do some refunds.
They did quite a few of those.
But it sounded to me like the game was still, for all intents and purposes, successful.
Despite all these, you know, launch horror stories and the fact that I got pulled from the PlayStation shop.
And now that's just, you know, more money for them to bring in.
They probably won't put this game on sale for quite some time.
I would imagine this holiday will start to see some sales on this game, which is about the time I'll start to look at it.
But, you know, because like Loki's kind of also saying there, when it gets the patches and all that stuff, I might be more into it.
It's going to be a great game once it gets the patches.
It's just, you know, it had a lot of promise, like with the concept for it.
But they just kind of cut a lot of corners.
So if they're able to kind of pull, I mean, it's hard to say if they pull a no man's sky and just completely bring, you know, if they at least like kind of meet us a little bit halfway there or something, you know, with like fixing, especially like the police AI, which I know was on the list of things to do.
So it's not so cheap, or if like I'm starting, you know, to get my crime level up or whatever, I don't have police officers teleporting right behind you, I'm sitting on the ledge of a building, you know, like ridiculous stuff like that, like, then that would be fine.
I don't know, I'll go back to it eventually.
But it was it was a pretty good game.
It's just a pretty buggy game.
Some more comments on Cyberpunk in our chat room.
Quest Buster says the biggest damage was to CD Projekt's reputation.
But from their fiscal reports, they made bank on the game.
And Bobby Blackwell says CP 2077 was still a financial success.
And I think it really does go a long way to underscore the fact that, you know, internet rage on Twitter, Facebook and all that stuff.
It doesn't mean shit.
What really matters is if you buy the game or not.
And if you give the money or not, it really matters what's coming out of your wallet or staying in your wallet at the end of the day, if you're complaining about it on Twitter and then buy the game anyway.
Congrats, you did nothing.
So I mean, you know, and sometimes I mean, with the Cyberpunk stuff, I that's one of those ones where I kind of understand why people were pissed off with that.
But there's other things where I'm always like, you know, why are people they're going to buy the game anyway?
Why are people complaining about if they show a Breath of the Wild 2 trailer at E3 or not?
Shut up.
You're going to buy the game anyway.
And, you know, tea.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about the Xbox Series X and S, because, you know, they've talked about how the X and S titles are, you know, they still want to support the Xbox One, even though they want to make games that are really only technically possible on the Xbox X and S.
So what happens to Xbox One?
And I remember suggesting on a prior episode, and I'm sure I'm not the only one to do this, that, well, if Microsoft's getting into this cloud thing, then why would the Xbox One at some point not just become the way you play games on the cloud?
Well, guess what?
Guess what?
It looks like that is actually the direction that Microsoft is going.
Will Tuttle from Microsoft kind of confirmed in a Xbox news post at news.xbox.com that Xbox One owners will get to play many, so they don't want to commit to all, but many Xbox Series X and S titles through cloud gaming.
We don't know what the details look like yet, but I guess in the future we'll know more about how this works.
And we kind of, you know, we have an idea through some of these test programs and stuff what that might look like.
You know, and again, this, I, you know, even though it's been speculation, they've kind of hinted this is where it's been going before.
Phil Spencer had mentioned in an interview that he did with Kotaku in October.
Game streaming could help bridge generations and let Xbox One users play the latest titles.
My big shock is that they wouldn't put a cloud gaming player on Xbox 360.
Why not?
Maybe, maybe it isn't, I don't, how could, how can...
Maybe it can't handle that.
Maybe it really can't, or maybe the, are the controllers too different?
Maybe?
I don't know, but I, I would just, I would just be surprised they wouldn't even put a cloud gaming player on the Xbox 360.
They might though.
I don't rule it out.
But maybe they're also thinking there's not quite the, you know, Xbox 360s are starting to kind of like stop working and stuff like that.
So maybe they don't think they'd get the game for the buck.
And I, I don't think that like, because that's a couple generations back, like I get it that, you know, they probably still want you to at least upgrade.
And my concern I think with the Xbox 360 would be storage because the hard drives on those weren't very large.
True.
And so to be able to, you know, store or cache, you know, I guess with game streaming it's not a big deal.
But like, I think maybe they just want you to upgrade to the, at least the Xbox One to be able to run that stuff.
Because maybe those processors are just really old and maybe storage is an issue with those.
But they probably also just want to sell at least some of those consoles.
At the very least, like, you know, the last gen.
And I mean, even now, I don't know what like an original Xbox One goes for, but like, I can't imagine it's super expensive at this point.
Not at this point.
I want to get to this comment in chat.
Ninja The Monkey in chat says, well, look at the Game Pass.
Most of the newer editions are for X and S, but you can still play it on the One.
Yes.
And Microsoft kind of promised that in the beginning is that we're going to still be developing titles that are playable on both.
Like Halo Infinite is playable on both.
And this has nothing to do with cloud gaming.
This is just the whole, like, you know, a modern PC will play it super well at these settings.
But on an older PC, it'll look less great, right?
The frame rate might not be quite as smooth.
You might have the same draw distance and all that stuff, but you'll still be able to play the game.
Honestly, same deal with PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4, right?
Like they announced Horizon Forbidden West.
It's going to be on PlayStation 5, but guess what?
They're also going to put it on PlayStation 4.
But I think what we're looking ahead to is that Microsoft may not want to keep developing that way through the entire lifespan of the series X and S.
There's going to come a point where this game and this vision that we have, this Forza Motorsport 8, I think is the game that's breaking it, to be perfectly frank.
This game won't play on the One.
It is too powerful.
It needs a series X and S.
And I, you know, I say that very specifically because they were demoing Forza Motorsport in the early days of the Xbox Series X.
We're getting Horizon instead.
Motorsport has mysteriously disappeared and been delayed.
And I think it's because that is the game they cannot get working on the Xbox One.
And so they have decided, fuck it, we're going to delay it until we no longer need to put it out on the Xbox One.
And our cloud gaming system is in place that will now allow you to do Forza Motorsport 8 or whatever it is on the Xbox One through the magic of cloud gaming.
So that's that's my guess.
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf also, oh, this is OK.
Now, this is a really good theory about the 360.
The Xbox 360's Ethernet port is only a well, he actually corrects it and says, OK, it is a 100 megabyte port.
I think that it's not a gigabit port.
That's why it has a different color in my router.
OK, that that makes no sense.
Gigabit port.
Yeah, that makes sense then that it's just not fast enough.
The parts inside to handle cloud stuff.
All right.
I got you.
I got you.
Yeah, it can work for Netflix, but maybe not X cloud.
I get it.
I get it.
All right.
Anyway, good.
All right.
Well, OK.
I think we've talked about the cloud.
I think it's time to go back and talk about something a little retro.
Time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault.
And pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick this week, Dark Sakura?
I picked a kind of fan game.
It was a freeware role playing game.
And it was presented as an official sequel to Barkley Shut Up and Jam and Space Jam.
And it's called Barkley Shut Up and Jam Gaiden.
And it's weird.
If I was doing a weird home game of the month, this one would be on it.
We have this in my background not too long ago.
Yeah.
So anyway, you basically are playing as Charles Barkley and a few secondary characters.
It's it's interesting.
So basically, it has a play system called, I guess it would be pronounced BABY,
but it's B-A-B-B-Y.
BABY maybe system that the battle system was influenced by a lot of the JRPGs.
So the enemies will appear on the game field and run at your player.
And they will attack you if you move into their line of sight.
And then you have a battle and you have attacks and skills.
And basically, you also do have timed button presses like in the Mario RPG series.
And some are accuracy based.
So, I mean, it's your general game.
Apart from that weirdness.
So you're playing in 2041, 12 years prior to the main part of the game
in this post cyber-apocalyptic Neo New York.
Where Charles Barkley does a chaos dunk at a baseball game
and inadvertently kills with the people who are there.
So basketball gets outlawed and basketball players are hunted down and killed.
So basically, that's the beginning premise.
Someone else does another chaos dunk later and Charles Barkley is blamed for it.
And so there is a hunt by the b-ball removal department led by Michael Jordan.
And I'm going to leave it there because it apparently goes really, really weird.
So like, I mean, it's got a very involved story,
but the whole thing is that it came apart as a sort of joke based on
an awkward phrase on Michael Jordan's Wikipedia page.
So it was developed by Tales of Games Studios.
They were members from Amateur Game Development Forum.
And that phrase was about whether,
it was about the fan debate over whether or not Space Jam was canon
without specifying if it was talking about the Looney Tunes series
or Michael Jordan's life in general.
So some of the members, and I'll give the names, was Chef Boyardee, Bort, Jeezy.
When I hear Bort, all I think is the Blort, which is what I call the blight.
And QuackGyver all had some work in developing the game.
And there were a few other minor contributions.
And it was first developed in RPG Maker 2003 and ported to Game Maker 6.1.
It was planned to be released for both, but eventually only came out
through Game Maker 6.1 because of power and flexibility.
And it also was,
at the 2014 Games Done Quick, the guys behind it said they never played
the original Shut Up and Jam.
Sorry, I can't make words today.
But they said that the thought of that RPG would make them laugh,
and that's why they did it.
So, Tales of Games in 2012 announced a sequel called
The Magical Realms of Ternanog Escape from Necron 7,
Revenge of Cocolon, the official game of the movie,
Chapter 2 of the Hoops Barclay Saga.
That's the full name.
Had crowdfunding on Kickstarter to start it.
It ended, the Kickstarter ended on December 28th and raised $120,335.
And they were doing everything from scratch to avoid copyright issues.
But the majority of the developers left the project,
and that development is going slowly because only two people are behind it right now,
and there's some very poor management going on.
So we'll see if it actually happens.
But yeah, as far as release dates, this came out January 22nd, 2008,
which means it's permitted.
And it was released on Windows and Mac OS X.
And that's it.
All right.
It's weird, isn't it?
It is very weird, that is for sure.
Yeah, I'm reading some of the comments.
I just think it's funny that he's talking to Larry Bird in there,
who's wearing a fedora.
Oh, yeah.
I'm reading some of the comments in chat.
I guess this is actually a very timely sort of pick.
I didn't realize this because, well, for what they're all saying,
like, this game's 10 years old, what?
But apparently, and I know this, Questbuster says
they even had a widely successful Kickstarter for a sequel that never materialized.
And Bobby says they literally canceled it two weeks ago and released all the code.
Is that not what I just said?
Oh, it's not AFK for just a moment.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
I said that in talking about the game.
Got it.
My bad.
But I didn't know it was canceled, so thanks to Bobby.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
So and then there's a whole little update on the particular itch.io there.
So, yeah.
I would advise the chat not to make a comment about the history of the game
until I'm done with my segment.
Just saying.
All right.
What is this?
I'm trying to see what is this?
Sadly, no one is streaming this.
I don't know if that's the discussion about the game or what that is.
So, okay.
But yeah, there it is.
Classic game of the week.
A very unique pick because I just...
It looks good though for design.
No, for sure.
For something that's kind of like indie made or whatever.
It definitely looks polished.
I think is a good way to put it for something that's a homegrown
and RPG maker type of thing.
And obviously it's a hilarious concept, that's for sure.
So, all right.
Let's move on and get to some rapid fire news.
We're going to travel around the industry quickly
and check out some other quick headlines.
And let's get to Loki starting off with you.
Yeah, so the Xbox design lab is back.
So you may remember they had something similar back with the Xbox One
and I think even Xbox 360 controllers.
Maybe it's just Xbox One controllers.
But where you basically can go onto this design lab, customize colors,
add your gamertag, all that stuff.
And they'll actually ship you a completed controller in that color scheme.
So that was originally something that was available for, I think, the Xbox One controllers.
And then obviously the Xbox Series X came out and Series S
and the controllers were slightly different.
So they actually had stopped accepting the custom controllers
for about eight months or so back in October.
But it's back now.
So now you can get your own Xbox Series X controller
in gaudy colors if you want, which is cool.
And those cost $70 with free shipping or $10 extra
if you want to engrave your gamertag on there.
And then GTA Online is going to be shut down on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on December 16th.
Honestly, I'm surprised it hasn't already.
But in case you're still playing it on the Xbox 360 and PS3, it's going to be shut down.
I thought that they stopped getting updates on those consoles.
So, yeah, once again, very surprised that that's still a thing.
But wow, so many generations in with just one Grand Theft Auto game.
I am very disappointed.
Yeah, I keep forgetting that that was actually all the way back to PlayStation 3.
That's so wild.
It's going to probably be 10 years old here.
Well, it came out in 2010.
No, not 10.
It was a while ago.
I don't think it's been 10 years yet, but it's been a while.
So I'm not surprised.
Before we get to Jamie's stories, the Xbox thing, can I go back there real quick?
Because I think it's great that we can make the custom controllers,
but I'm still irritated we can't get that Pride controller.
Why can't I make that in the custom shop?
Because I like their approach to it.
They didn't just put one rainbow thing.
They kind of did all this abstract, more type of style to it.
I love it.
And I wish I could get that as a controller.
But whatever.
It was for influencers only, and I don't count, so whatever.
Anyway, let's move on.
DarkSakura for Rapid Fire News.
What do you have for us?
Amazon has a gaming service called Luna that has, I guess, a beta out for it right now.
That's no invite access on Prime Day, which is June 21st and 22nd.
Prime subscribers can start a seven-day trial
and get discounts on the Luna controller and Fire TV bundle.
It costs $5.99 a month and includes some really new games.
The dedicated controller is discounted from $249 from the list price for $70 for Prime members.
The controller is $70?
Yeah.
And I'm not going to use it because I like Stadia.
Yeah, I think I've learned my lesson with buying controllers for streaming systems.
Also, Bayonetta 3 had a teaser.
It exists.
It is progressing well according to the developers.
So it will be out eventually.
Or so they claim.
I'll believe it when I see it.
I hope so.
I guess, man, the pandemic must really be, you know, because there's that part of me
that just wants to instinctively go, what's taking them so damn long?
But then I'm like, oh, yeah, COVID happens.
It's still happening, really.
And it's no joke, the type of influence that's had on things.
So, yeah.
But and, you know, Bayonetta, one of the best games of the year when it released.
Bayonetta 2, one of the best games of the year when it released.
So Bayonetta 3, like, the expectations are pretty high.
So I guess it's going to take a little while for a cake like that to really sit in the
oven and reach its full potential.
That's for sure.
Okay.
Anyway, let's talk about some games we're going to be playing a little sooner than Bayonetta
3 as we get into some release dates.
Loki, let's start with you in the US.
Yeah.
So we've got a few things coming out this week.
So starting with Alex Kidd in Miracle World DX.
That's going to be on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and
Xbox Series X.
We have Ender, looks like Ender Lilies, Quietus of the Nights.
And that's on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Dungeons and Dragons Dark Alliance on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox
Series X.
Olympic Games Tokyo 2020, the official video game on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
Xbox One, and Stadia.
Worms Rumble on Nintendo Switch.
The Caligula Effect 2 on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Legend of Mana on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
Nayuta no Kesuke Kai on PlayStation 4.
Samurai Warriors 5 on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
The Wicked King and the Noble Hero on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Mario Golf Super Rush on Nintendo Switch.
Scarlet Nexus on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X.
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2 on Nintendo Switch.
And that's it.
All right.
Pretty busy week in Japan as well.
Let's go to the Nintendo Switch releases in Japan.
We have Sugar Style coming out on June 24th, as well as Samurai Warriors 5.
The Caligula Effect 2 is also out there in a regular and limited edition.
Hamidashi Creative, also in a regular and limited edition.
The Wicked King and the Noble Hero, you got it, regular and limited edition.
There's so many limited editions over there, but I get it.
Let's see.
We also have Shiro Tokuro no Alice for Nintendo Switch is out this week as well.
And we have the Gendai Dassen Ryaku 2020.
Yuru Sekai Chi Sujo is out this week on the Switch as well.
I'm trying to figure out what game that is.
That is...
That looks like...
Oh, it looks like a tactical game involving like nautical battle and things like that.
Like air to sea, sea to air type of stuff.
So interesting.
Okay.
And then let's see.
Checking on other systems as well.
Checking the PlayStation 5 real quick.
We have Chivalry 2 is out on the PlayStation 5 this week.
A new fighting stick for Guilty Gear, if that's up your alley.
Tennis World 2 Tour.
Tennis World Tour 2.
Say that five times fast.
The complete edition is also out in Japan this week on the PlayStation 5.
And then on the PlayStation 4,
Scarlet Nexus is out this week as well as Sugar Style.
Caligula Effect 2.
Naita no Kisuke.
Hamidashi Creative.
The Wicked King and the Noble Hero.
Pretty much a very repetitive what also released on the Switch.
And Samurai Warriors 5 also out in Japan this week.
I am not sure if Dark Soccer is there to do the UK releases.
So, oh, hi.
Okay.
So let's go to the UK.
All right.
In the UK on, well, it looks like it listed something that just came out.
Was Jigsaw Fun.
Piece it together for Switch.
22nd is Olympic Games Tokyo 2020.
The official video game.
Dungeons and Dragons Dark Alliance.
Crazy Chicken Kart 2.
That's the 24th.
Sorry.
Also on the 24th, Castaway Paradise.
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2.
Ghost Runner.
Sorry.
Tony Hawk was on the 25th.
Ghost Runner is also on the 25th.
Alex Kidd Miracle World DX.
Solaris Offworld Combat.
Blue Fire.
Mario Golf Super Rush.
Spirit Lucky's Big Adventure.
And Scarlet Nexus.
All right.
Lots of games every country this week.
Not a slow week, that's for sure.
Awesome.
All right.
Let's move on.
We have a few more headlines for you guys.
Before we get to some of your feedback via Discord.
The mail...
I don't know if we have emails this week.
We'll find out.
And of course our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
But first, Loki.
This is the headline of all headlines, right?
It is.
I mean, it's finally out.
The Atari VCS.
You can buy it.
I've been waiting for so long.
It's $300 or $400 if you want it like in Walnut
with the kind of like retro controller in there as well.
Uh, yeah.
Or no, I'm sorry.
With the the Xbox gamepad type thing that's in there.
Um, what's it do?
It's a PC.
It's a Ryzen PC.
Or at least it has a Ryzen chip in it.
What can you run on it?
No idea.
It...
I don't want it.
I wonder, I wonder if they got it when it comes down to like $50.
But like, I'm not buying that.
The last headline I saw on this was that Atari VCS
was doing like a partnership with Antstream,
the classic game streaming service,
to have Atari stuff that was like only playable on VCS.
Like the VCS is going to have its own version of Antstream
because they were slowly adding some Atari titles to Antstream.
But certainly there's a lot more that they didn't put on there.
I wonder if that actually happened or not.
Oh, it did.
Okay, it did.
It did.
But it also has 100 games bundled with it.
So 100 Atari games.
Retro Atari games.
I'm sure that's worth $300.
I don't know if I was gonna spend $400 on something like that.
I would get a 1UP cabinet, to be honest.
But it's a hard sell.
I don't know.
At least it looks nice.
I mean, if it's a decent...
If it can like...
If I only wanted like something to like hack apart to like play retro games,
I mean, it's a cool looking console.
But not at that price.
Yeah, I just don't know what I would really need this for.
I mean, I guess, yeah, it's like the tiny little computer of itself.
But I don't know.
I'm not sure the place it has.
But we'll see how it does.
Maybe there's other people that'll have a place for it.
Who knows?
Who knows?
All right.
Podculture says Ryzen Mobile CPU, isn't it?
All right.
All right, moving on to a story about Squeenix and the release of Outriders.
This was a game that I checked out on Game Pass.
Just...
I don't know if I would have normally bought this kind of game,
but because it was on Game Pass, I checked it out and I did enjoy it enough.
One of these days, I need to go back to it.
And maybe there's a lot of people like me out there, because during a recent investors meeting,
President and Representative Director Yosuke Matsuda said that despite whatever bugs were
there at launch, Outriders has gotten off to a good start as a new IP.
Going on to say that they are pleasantly surprised at the digital sales that the title has been
getting has been high.
The number of active users has beaten expectations.
They also say the decision to make the game available through Game Pass as soon as the
title launch has worked in its favor of building an install base.
Now, this could mean some...
Square Enix kind of seeing that this could mean some interesting things for the Xbox
Game Pass model going forward.
I'm not saying we're in suddenly see something like Final Fantasy 16, obviously, because
that's going to be a PlayStation exclusive out the gate.
But I'm just saying it is interesting now, and I'm sure other companies are going to
kind of see that where it's like, oh, the benefits of getting a huge install base out
the gate may be worth it.
I bet at some point they delist Outriders from Game Pass.
And it's like, hey, you want to keep playing?
Now you got to pony up the money, but we'll see, I guess.
So anyway, in mid-May, Outriders had 3.5 million players in the first month of release.
And then apparently there was average play times of over 30 hours.
That's still pretty good.
If you are not on Game Pass and you want to check the game out, there is still a demo
that is available on all platforms.
So you can check that out.
Pretty cool.
All right.
Let's see.
Going to some comments from our chat.
Questbuster in chat says the only problem is Outriders end game, which needs some work.
I've heard that complaint elsewhere as well.
And yeah, I wonder if there isn't going to be an expansion.
You know what?
I bet that's it.
I bet they don't pull the game from Game Pass, but they release an expansion.
And then that's where they're really going to make some money from the install base.
And then an expansion can kind of tweak end game things, right?
Like that's what we saw happen with Diablo 3.
Diablo 3 got a way better end game because of an expansion.
And so I could see that maybe be in their solution to the problem.
We'll see what happens with that.
Anyway, sj100matt says I finished the main game, but I haven't touched the post-game
excursions at all.
I guess again, that speaks to the end game.
I just really liked the blend of a little bit of Borderlands with Gears of War.
And Questbuster is saying I'd love an expansion for Outriders.
So I kind of see that could be the secret there.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Anyhow, Loki.
You're muted, Justino.
Sorry.
So let's talk about some limited run games that are immediate and some physical versions of those.
So they have their own E3 presentation as well.
Some of our notable things, like we actually have a Turbo Duo game.
So Castlevania Rondo Blood is getting a new special edition physical release for the Turbo
Duo.
And then we have Castlevania Requiem for PlayStation 4.
Axiom Verge 2.
We've got River City Girls, Girls 2, and River City Girls 0.
Shantae 1 through 5.
Skatebird, which really should be called Skateburb, but you know.
Zombies Ate My Neighbors and Ghoul Patrol is getting a physical version on Switch.
Superhot also getting a version on Switch as well.
And yeah, lots of titles.
There was, I think, a total of like, you know, like 15 or 20 titles, 25 new titles that are
in there.
So pretty amazing that they're still kind of pushing all of the physical release stuff
and also like, you know, the Turbo Duo version.
That's kind of neat.
Yeah, it's so fascinating what that company has been doing for like retro game collections,
like just putting out the actual, you know, turbo graphics card and things like that.
It's just, it's fascinating to me.
I love it, though.
I love it.
I think that, I think they sort of, I think Limited Run kind of gets the secret sauce
about, you know, as the industry is moving to things like Game Pass and digital stuff,
you know, are physical games going to have a place moving forward?
And Limited Run definitely sees like, oh, we definitely see where like the, you know,
the pendulum swinging really hard the other way.
It's not just a physical release, but collectibles.
You know, that sort of physical release is really where there's, you know, stuff to be
made still.
And I think they're doing a very good job of that, to be honest.
SHO 100 Matt kind of makes the comparison.
Limited Run Games is the arcade one up of consoles.
And I get that comparison, I do.
Mike Deft in chat says Limited Run should drop the limited, though.
Then they just be run.
They could be loading ready run.
I think that's not necessarily the limited, you know, scope of titles, but, you know,
they're limited releases.
I don't think that they're necessarily publishing, you know, hundreds of thousands of copies
of these.
Mm hmm.
And OrangeRite points out the great thing about the Turbo Duo release is that it's 100%
official.
It will have the Turbo Graphics 16 branding on it.
It helps that the game and the console are owned by the same company now.
Yeah, that's true.
And don't forget, they had that Turbo Mini not that long ago that was pretty damn well
received, actually.
So I enjoyed mine, that's for sure.
So.
All right.
Anyway, one more story for you guys tonight.
And I love it because it's about a toaster.
That's right.
There is an official Destiny toaster on the way out, as if an Xbox fridge.
Wasn't it?
Why not, Loki?
Why not?
We did.
Did I not just talk about video game collectibles?
That's where things are going.
It is your destiny to make some toast.
Every day for me.
Anyway, so yes, you will now soon be able to get a Destiny toaster.
It is going to cost you $85.
That's more expensive than a Hello Kitty toaster when they had them at Target.
Just pointing that out.
You can preorder the toaster from the Bungie store and it will ship at some point between
December and January 2022.
What about my holiday gift?
Well, there went that.
All right, whatever.
Anyway, you also get the Burnt Edges emblem in Destiny 2.
So if the toaster wasn't enough, you get a little in-game thing, the Burnt Edges emblem,
which is really fucking funny.
Now, Loki, here's the part to be less cynical about, the cool part.
It is part of a charity event.
So 10% of the purchase price goes to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
So, all right, we have that.
10%?
Can they do a little bit more?
How about 30%?
All right, anyway.
Exactly.
This is not the first fundraiser that Bungie and Destiny has done.
The Destiny community raised over $800,000 for St. Jude back in June.
So basically, Bungie offered will make a toaster if you hit the target of $777,777.7 all across
the board.
If you hit seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, which why they didn't do seven sevens and
they did eight sevens, I'm not going to understand, but that's all right.
They raised a lot of good money, so that's good.
And Bungie is making good on their promise, I guess, even if it's a little bit weird.
Anyone in chat going to be purchasing the Destiny thing?
No one special.
77 in chat says what?
No Destiny toilet paper, Destiny doll, Destiny flamethrower, et cetera.
What do you think this is?
Spaceballs?
What do you think?
It does sound like Spaceballs.
It does sound like Spaceballs.
And actually, I think there is other Destiny merchandise out there.
You joke about Destiny doll.
They've got Funko Pops.
I guarantee it.
Yeah, exactly.
Destiny, the lunchbox.
It's destiny.
The fruit or was it yogurt?
Uh, that's just you.
One hundred.
Matt makes a good point, though.
You know what Destiny doesn't have is a fanny pack like VOG.
That's right.
Thank you for that plug once again for our updated shop over at vognetwork.com slash shop.
That's right, Destiny.
You don't get a fanny pack.
I love it.
All right.
Mike Depp says there's a Destiny cookbook.
Really?
I did not know that was a thing.
All right.
It is time to go to the listener roundtable where I believe Dark Sakura indicated we have
an empty mailbag this week.
So she's going to taunt us with churros instead on her webcam.
Husband brought me dinner.
But if you would like to, where do you get dinner that comes with churros?
Hold up.
Del Taco.
They have churros?
Really?
I usually try not to get dessert at fast food because I already got fast food, but shit,
I might have to break it for that.
I love churros.
Anyway, I need it.
It was a need.
I understand.
I understand.
We all there's been days where it's like, I need what are like other favorite dessert.
Oh, Cheesecake Factory.
Frozen custard.
Oh, see, I don't really get that as much.
I eat frozen yogurt.
So we had a Rita's nearby that sells frozen custard and it was delicious.
And then they closed their store.
Because that's what happens when I find something I like.
We stop selling it or close it down.
It's like, oh, wait, Loki likes it.
Quick, shut the doors.
Isn't that fried chicken place you like that used to be near the studio?
Like, didn't that come back somewhere?
It is coming.
It came back in a bunch of places.
So I did order a bunch of that the other day.
And I also ordered a bunch of the actual powder that they put on it from them because you
can buy that.
And then I've been sprinkling that on other chicken things.
But unfortunately, I guess the powder actually is it's good by itself, but it really got
to have their baked chicken to go with it.
You kind of need both to be the cracked chicken.
So we'll have to order some more of that this week.
Okay.
Anyway, I was going to plug the mailbag, at least, even if it was empty.
Even if Dark Sakura found churros in it, which is always a pleasant surprise, you can always
email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email in a future week.
Um, I will get to Discord in a minute, but we do have some Roundtable stuff coming from
chat.
So let's get to it.
No One Special 77 in chat says, Roundtable question.
Aside from Magic the Gatherings and Diablo 1 and 2, what games do you know of and would
recommend that can be played solely with the left hand?
Too long, didn't read version.
Since January 23rd, 2021, I can no longer use my right arm.
Oh my gosh, I'm sorry to hear that.
That explains why you haven't been around in a while.
Well, I hope you're feeling okay.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
So what gaming I can do is limited.
Oh, that's a good question.
I don't know, Dark Sakura, I know there was a period of time where you were having a lot
of wrist.
Uh, you'd had surgery on your wrist and so you were kind of doing some one-handed gaming.
Um, is there any, I'm sorry to interrupt, uh, churro time, but is there any advice,
uh, from your experience in that?
Cause I mean, I, I, I haven't been, she was completely different.
I could still use my thumb.
I know, but weren't you, weren't you still one hand?
Oh, you were using your thumb.
Okay.
All right.
I thought you were using, hold on, I'll put it up on, on chat.
This is what I use.
I game with this too.
Um, it's one of the old Microsoft thumb track ball mice, um, that they don't make anymore.
But, um, the only thing that I could think of is, um, if there's any mobility with the
right arm at all, like any at all, then maybe a top track ball would, would be something
that could be used.
If not, then they do make those one-handed RPG controllers.
Cause I, right after my surgery, I was playing, um, blue dragon with that.
Not the, not the toot my own horn or anything, but if you remap some, if you remap the action
button in your favorite NES emulator, pixel poops number two is quite playable with one
hand because it's just directional and one button.
So there you go.
And I was, go ahead, Jimmy.
On top of that, as we've, uh, we've told no one special in, uh, a while back, there's
also, uh, plenty of switch controls now where you can use, uh, head movement or another
hand for controlling a game with a single directional switch.
Um, so there's plenty, there's tons of adaptive controllers out there from multiple places.
Um, my max well, before PCs had it actually had plenty of integrated, uh, accessibility
options, uh, for various things.
So, well, and I w that's kind of the direction my, you know, I, I have not been in that situation
where I only have the one hand for gaming.
Um, so it's, it's hard cause I don't, I don't really have experience, but my brain was kind
of going to the, well, the good news is that, you know, more and more games have been aware
of accessibility.
And so sometimes it's just about remapping the games that you want to play, but you might
have to rethink, well, I was, I was going to say you might have to rethink where you're
playing them because I'm thinking of things like, okay, well, PlayStation four and five
have it baked into the OS.
You can change buttons for any game, so you can change it around to basically make, you
know, just about anything work.
You just might have to remap the buttons and you can do that within the actual OS.
But since I know no one special from, you know, having been a long time listener, I
know that no one special pretty much games like on PC, I think the mouse thing is a great
suggestion because, and no one special is saying, um, there's virtually no mobility
in the arm.
Um, which again, sorry to hear that, but I still think that mouse suggestion about there
are games that are completely playable with the mouse.
I know you like trading card games.
Um, so I would think of other, you know, very mouse focused games like, uh, like hearthstone.
I would think even things like civilization, you can play almost completely with the mouse
because I know when I've played that game, I've almost played that exclusively with the
mouse.
A lot of things that were developed with the PC in mind have really taken advantage of
the mouse.
You might have to get a different mouse, a lefty mouse, but that's, that's pretty common.
Um, so there's a, that shouldn't be too, too much of a simple web search.
I found one handed controllers among them being a single handed controller for switch.
Um, that will, um, uh, I think it's, it's one for switcher.
I have to double check it, but I mean, they exist.
You just have to look them up.
Yeah.
Uh, and pod culture and chat says, uh, Adam's friend Justin that was sometimes on pod culture
is also limited to, uh, one arm.
I'll have to check with what he games with.
So I do love the paying it forward there in chat to, uh, get some suggestions from other
people who may be going through something similar, uh, in that situation.
So, uh, I just found a mini ring, the Bluetooth controller that you play with one hand, one
handed Bluetooth wireless controller.
Um, there's the PS one ones that you can use an adapter with.
There's a Banggood PSDD one, one handed game pad Bluetooth.
Um, there is the Logitech adaptive game kit for Xbox controller.
There is one that uses rings.
There's also a hori makes, uh, what's called the tactical assault commander pro for Xbox
one, um, which of course then would work on a PC.
Um, but yeah, there, there's a number, a number of controllers out there.
ASCII stick, um, for super Famicom, if you want to get into your retro games.
So they're out there.
All right.
Um, I found, uh, a one handed PS four controller.
Oh, so yeah, they're out there.
It's nice to know at least that there is the more, more and more accessibility, um, you
know, and, and options are out there because I feel like if we'd done a search 10, even
10 years ago, there wouldn't be as many options.
I don't know if we would have found the RPG controllers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they were practically giving those away.
I have one for like PlayStation and for Dreamcast.
Um, okay.
Uh, thank you all for the feedback on that question.
Let me get to, uh, some of the comments left in our discord over at vognetwork.com slash
discord throughout the week.
Uh, dungeon buster had, uh, kind of highlighted a story for us that had to do with, uh, EA
loot boxes, uh, pulling the quote saying, if you do not buy the pack, you will see the
previewed pack remains in the store where it is now on a refresh timer.
The timer has to expire before you can preview another pack of the same type.
In one example, given by EA, a pack expired in 20 hours and 35 minutes.
So this has to do with EA letting you see what is in FIFA loot boxes before you buy
them.
I think I was reading a story on this somewhere else.
It's not all the loot boxes, but it's like limited to certain types or whatever, but
it is interesting.
I think the EA has been pressured to go this direction.
It feels like this took forever for this to happen.
Um, so I'm kind of not surprised to see this happening, but I'm definitely glad at least
we have a little more knowledge now on, you know, what exactly are you going to be buying?
It may, it, it takes some of the gambling notion out of it, even if it is still, uh,
randomized, so to speak.
So there is that.
All right.
Um, Ooh, I didn't know this, uh, 13 X forever in chat.
Excuse me.
And discord said, apparently Sega is doing a physical Sonic card game, uh, linking us
to a tweet from the official Sega account at Sega saying, take your sneakers to the
tabletop with the brand new game from steam forge available to pre-order now and, uh,
giving links to a Sonic card game.
Got to play fast, right?
Ooh, I remember reading about this story too.
So thank you for highlighting for this core K in arch, uh, discord chat, uh, has to do
with analog and those pocket, like that game boy color thing that they were making.
Uh, they are going to be making more of them.
And you might remember that they had, uh, some real issues with bots and, uh, you know,
sniping all the, uh, good stuff and all that.
They have also talked about analog, uh, that they're going to do robust bot protection.
So pocket, uh, had sold out almost instantly.
This is a $200 device that plays Neo Geo pocket color, Atari links, Sega game gear, and multiple
generations of game boy color color, excuse me, game boy titles, which would, I would
assume include color.
Um, but nobody could get one.
It seems cause all the scalpers got them.
So, uh, that's great that it's coming back.
Cause I think a lot of people were like, why won't they make more?
Well, good news, everyone.
They're going to make more, I'm going to guess maybe some of the supply and demand
supply issues, mainly with COVID, uh, probably made this really hard for a while.
So I'm glad to see it's, um, coming back.
So there is that.
All right.
Uh, if you have some comments throughout the week, uh, vog network.com slash discord is
the place to leave those comments.
And of course you can always send us an email as well.
Participate at orange lounge, radio.com.
Um, let me check in with Loki and see if we have any last minute stories.
Yeah.
So I was going to talk about, there was a leak, uh, showing a brand new Lego Mario set.
That's a massive Bowser airship.
So I'm assuming I know where this is going to be coming from, that they're going to,
this is going to be an announcement that's going to happen next weekend because they're
doing their first ever Lego con, which is kind of like this virtual convention.
And they're supposed to be announcing more Lego Mario sets there.
So, um, my guess is that leaked out somewhere, but, uh, oh, well, I guess we'll see it then.
Um, but yeah, it looks pretty cool.
It's got over a thousand pieces in it and it's got a, uh, Kamek in there and yeah,
the ship is pretty large as well.
So, well, you know what though?
Sometimes things leak from companies before big conventions and they still don't materialize.
I E the Simpsons arcade one up cabinet.
What the hell happened there?
Like I want, I want an airship the size of the USS flag though.
The GI Joe playset.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I love that.
Well, I know people who have them.
The closest you can get to that, I mean, would be, it's not there.
Well, I mean, it's the, uh, Marvel Avengers airship that they had was pretty large,
but it was micro scale.
I want a mini fixed scale one, but that would be like the size of my kitchen table.
So yeah.
Well, the flag would be the size of your kitchen table.
So that's true.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, man, I miss when they made toy sets that big.
Yeah.
All right.
Any other last minute stories?
Uh, no, that's all I had.
All right.
Well, I think we're, uh, it's a little shorter tonight, but that's all right.
We're going to get to some final thoughts.
It's kind of like you had those E3 announcements and then, okay.
Everybody's taking a break from news cause everything kind of came out at once,
but I'm sure we'll start to see more and more pickup in the coming weeks.
Um, so of course, uh, before we get to the final thoughts,
I do want to thank everybody out there for listening to orange launch radio.
Thank you for participating with our show.
Um, your support really means a lot to us.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, please tell a friend or two.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but if the voices aren't here to put out on air, then we were missing the voices.
So, uh, yeah, tell a friend or two about the show.
Uh, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes goes a real long way.
Um, or wherever it is you found this podcast.
Also, um, the, the hosting, uh, on Twitch for VOG network is huge.
I really thank everybody that does that.
Um, thank you. Thank you.
Uh, appreciate all that support.
Um, and even if you're, even if you're just here,
listening to the podcast feed, uh, Monday morning at work, you know what?
I appreciate you being here too.
Uh, we all do.
And thank you, uh, for being a part of the show.
Email us or tweet us sometimes and we know you're out there or join the discord
or something like that.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, that's all I can think of.
Another plug for the shop, uh, that was updated with lots and lots of good stuff
this week, uh, including a fanny pack, vog network.com.
It's the, it's the must have vog item of the year.
The fanny pack, vog network.com slash shop for that.
I'll have to put up a few others.
Well, yeah.
And we are kind of watching what sells and what doesn't because we're only allowed to
list, I think 25 things at a time.
So like those are we, ha ha.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we got to, it can't go too buck wild, but like, I think the mat, the masks are
now gone because, um, they weren't very good, unfortunately.
So that is, but the mugs, the mugs are great.
The shirts are great.
Like everything else that's come from that store has been really good.
So I put some more tank tops up instead of like just regular t-shirts cause tank tops.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know?
Yeah.
Um, but I thought that people might like want a notebook or something.
So, and the stickers are actually really good quality.
I ordered some of my own stickers.
And like, I mean, I can show you as well for those on in chat right now, I can show an
example of just like how good the printing is on them.
So, I mean, I'll, I'll hide that.
So I'm not doing like cross promotion, but I mean, they're really nice and good quality.
You're allowed to promote your own stream on it.
Okay.
Well then look, come on.
Well, I just don't want to, you know, ruffle any feathers.
Fine.
Oh my God.
My feathers are so rough.
Well, but anyway, but as you can see, they're really thick and they're the cutout style
ones.
So it's like they have the little pull out pieces.
Oh, I didn't know that.
That's cool.
So yeah, so if you have any like open space, like of a certain gap, then, um, it'll be
hollow in the center.
That's nice.
Yeah.
They're really, they're really good quality stickers.
I think they're the kinds that you can put on like water bottles.
All right.
Awesome.
Awesome.
I was trying to load up.
I may not, I may not have it, uh, right away because, um, the Twitch panel doesn't show
me those purchases.
I only see that when I'm logged into stream labs, which I didn't have the foresight to
do tonight.
So I may not be able to thank you all tonight, but I'll try to do that next week.
Like thank everybody who's, uh, uh, checked out some, I have seen, it does scroll along
the bottom.
If you buy it during OLR, you actually scrolls along the bottom and shows that you did that.
So thank you.
Thank you for that.
Uh, everybody that is supporting so far.
You don't have to, but, um, you know, you guys do ask, can I get an OLR shirt?
So, um, it, it's only been like 19 years, but yes, you may.
You may have an OLR shirt.
No, we ha we did have others, but you know, this is the first like big one that we've
done.
That's a print on demand too, which is really nice.
So, oh, and I wanted just to kind of do something a little bit different cause I don't think
we actually have an official orange lounge radio logo, which we need to get on.
Other than that thing.
I don't, I don't really consider that cause that was made by my ex that I haven't talked
to in like how many years.
Um, I, I like it.
I'm still mad at him for the editing on those pictures.
Okay.
We're going to talk about that during the episode one stream this week.
Okay.
So, uh, he, was he on that episode?
Shitty might've been, God, I hope I don't have to hear him.
All right.
No, I'm just, I don't, I'm not that bitter.
But I was, um, thinking of, uh, you know, just like maybe the Sega font was fun.
So I did that.
And then, um, I was kind of influenced by that whole kind of eighties retro thing going
around right now.
So I did one for VOG that way.
Yeah.
Um, I know Bobby was really thrilled with that VOG network logo and I like it too that
what I wasn't ex I guess I wasn't expecting that.
So I would kind of file that in the things I didn't know I needed until I saw it Ben.
So congrats.
I might have to, well, and I'll tell you actually what started that was the design
was my branding for, for mine.
Cause mine's all like neon and everything.
And I was like, I want to do something for VOG, but I want it to look different.
And I think I succeeded.
Um, SSJ100Matt in chat says kind of want that album art thing so I can get it signed
from y'all.
Then again, that sounds weird getting something signed by friends.
Oh, that's, but that's really sweet that you would want something like that.
So I'd be happy to sign anything anytime.
It's a little pricey though.
Isn't it?
The canvas one.
I just put it up, I put it up as a whim and gosh, if y'all like it, then, then I'll
keep it up.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, it's funny in chat.
No one's special.
Say anyone born on the day or started is now college age.
Funny you should say that.
I was listening to a couple of folks, um, their podcasts actually.
And they were talking about how, um, how they got started kind of in making videos
on YouTube and stuff.
And they were talking about, Oh yeah.
You know, we used to watch all these videos and stuff when we were like seven and this,
you know, date.
I'm like, Oh my God.
Like we started recording.
Some of my streamer friends, I'm just like, y'all are babies.
Some are babies.
It's really one of the, since we had an, we're only at two hours for the show.
I'm going to allow super tangent train tonight.
So because, um, like I, I didn't have YouTube when I was a teenager, but I got into pub
public access.
You guys know this.
I actually had like a sketch comedy show I did with a friend of mine.
Everybody always asks, can we see the tapes?
Can we see the tape?
Can we do the, uh, the high spectrum, uh, airing as a channel point reward?
And the answer is no, I, and it's not because I don't want to, although it is also because
I don't want to, but I, I literally don't know where the tapes are.
They are tapes.
They're that old.
They're on VHS somewhere.
I don't even know how we, I have to send them to Bobby to play.
Cause I don't even have it.
But I, number one, I, I, if you, if you think episode one is aged poorly, you should see
my show from 1996.
Okay.
That's aged really poorly.
Uh, and yeah, I don't, if you can get me a tape based camcorder or something, I can
rip it easily.
I've got the, the software for it.
I, I, I literally don't, I don't have the taste.
I would have to reach out to my former co-host and she lives in SoCal now.
We're, we're, we're cordial.
I, I, you know, she, she was the world to me when I was in high school and those earlier
years, but we've just, you know, life sometimes takes you in separate directions and, you
know, she's, uh, she's raising her family in Southern California, but we do keep in
touch on Instagram.
So I do see, I see her kids growing up on my Instagram feed.
So there is that she has twins actually.
So, uh, yeah.
Um, but anyway, uh, so SSJ100Matt says, Travis has those tapes.
Travis does not have those tapes.
What Travis has or had.
So he used to play this on under station live all the time.
He did it.
What he played on his show was a lot like the public access show, but that whole thing
would like the, the onyx where I was playing like a jewel type character, but I was onyx
get it, haha.
And other, because Shannon, who I used to do the show with back in the day, her and
I went to the same college and we were in the same summer school class and we were in
the same group to make this project.
So there was a lot of influence from what we had done on our public access show that
was in this project.
So basically that whole thing that was, I don't even remember what the hell it was now.
You guys have seen it more than I have.
Uh, but I think, Oh, was that the whole, it's Holanda or something like that.
Like we did, it's a whole talk show thing.
And, um, it was, it was very similar to what the would have been on the sketch comedy show
that we did on public access.
So that is, is kind of what it is, but technically that tape is not the public access show.
That is the college project because he probably also has the spice girls music video that
we did.
Cause like we had two big projects in the summer class.
One was to make a documentary.
That's what it was documentary.
And we made a funny one.
And then, uh, the other was to make a, um, music video and he has that, but he does not
have my old, uh, he he's been trying to find him, but if Shannon doesn't have the tapes,
then they're gone.
I don't know where they are because Roseville doesn't even have public access anymore.
They might've folded it into the government access channel there.
So they might have the tapes in an archive somewhere, but I would be very surprised.
I'd be very, very surprised.
So, um,
I just have to use the freedom of information act to find it in hell.
No, that show is not getting out.
SSJ 100 Matt says if it's PBS, no different, uh, public access and PBS are very different.
PBS is like the, the, the, the, the BBC of the U S it's the government funded, uh, channel
that's in every market.
Public access is local television.
So I had this show, but only people in the Sacramento suburb of Roseville could see it
because it was on Roseville public access.
So what city?
I think that if you go, there's like a city of Roseville TV and it's the government access
one that there's, I think a, a request thing through them.
So interesting.
I could look into it, but so channel eight was public access and channel 11 was government
access.
So yeah, Wayne's world.
I'm not, yes, wait.
Yeah.
Wayne's world actually is not that far off.
I mean of the concept, right?
Cause Wayne's world was a rift on public access shows.
It really was.
Um, but I think the, like, like you kind of said, the government access, they were all
about, they air city council meetings, they air, um, you know, uh, government at work
stuff.
It's um, C-SPAN for local stuff.
That's what they do.
So 11 and eight didn't really cross paths ever.
But I'm thinking if they closed eight because they had to have, cause of YouTube, anything
they had, I would imagine folded into 11.
But yeah, uh, no one special hit the nail on the head here.
Public access channels were the pre-internet version of Twitch or YouTube.
That's exactly it.
So I wasn't on YouTube, but I, I did public access instead.
And that was, that was interesting, you know, cause it was on TV.
And so there'd be people that I would meet at Rocky Horror that would be like, I
saw you on TV like two years ago.
Your show was weird.
Yeah, it is.
It was.
So anyway, all right.
That was a walk down memory lane.
Any other tangents we want to do before we close up shop tonight?
Um, I'm just gonna do, have some fun with Debbie Delight after the show.
Good times.
Good times.
You don't have to rape me if you don't want to, but I'll be there.
All right.
Over at, uh, dark soccer, OLR.
So underscore underscore, the underscore is very important.
Um, okay.
That's, uh, that's going to do it for the show tonight.
Um, thank you guys so much for watching us.
I appreciate that.
Um, and, uh, that's, that's it.
Uh, I think I already said all the closing stuff and then we got into the tangents.
Oh, final thoughts.
I didn't really properly collect final thoughts.
So, um, Loki, why don't we start with you your final thought tonight?
Final thought is, uh, if you haven't yet, go, go watch my newest video that I have on
my YouTube channel, which is, uh, under user at Logilr and, uh, go leave it a like.
Subscribe if you haven't.
Um, my final thought is it's a big week next week.
Uh, my birthday is on the weekend.
I'm looking forward to that and actually getting to do something this year.
Um, and then, uh, I also OLR's birthday, so, um, we'll get into it a little more next
week, which will be kind of like our official 19th, uh, year celebration, I suppose.
Um, but just, you know, big thanks you guys just showing up.
It means a lot.
And I just really thank you guys for being here, whether you've been here for 19 minutes
or you've been here for all 19 years.
Um, you're awesome.
And thank you so much for being a part of it.
Uh, last but not least our soccer.
Uh, just two little things, not to be a downer, but this is the first father's day I've spent
since my dad died.
So if I'm in a mood, that's why.
Um, and second of all, um, the matchmaking and dead by daylight is fucking broken as
fuck.
And I'm getting sick of the toxic little campers.
That's I, I want that MMR thing back.
It was so much better.
Right.
The MMR was beautiful.
Yeah.
I hope that goes back.
Oh, and I also have a tick tock now where you can hear me complain about what about
being a survivor on a, uh, bot controlled survivor game.
How do you start a tick tack?
I'm, I'm on the tick tack and I don't know how to use it.
Well, I just uploaded my own videos.
Um, but, uh, I recorded a video on my phone of Midna and a little outside cat.
And, um, I just kind of played around with the video.
I uploaded the video and then added some effects to it and boom, I had a ticky tocky.
I have a tick tack.
I don't remember if I'm Rob Roberts or Mr.
Rob Roberts.
And all I have is a video from Rocky horror back in like 2019 where I dressed up.
My Halloween costume was a PG and E executive.
And so I was walking around in a suit and tie holding a power cord.
Cause the joke was I turned off all the power anyway.
And that was my one tick tock.
But I noticed like hundreds of people viewed it and I'm like, why?
This is stupid.
So it is interesting.
My funniest one that says only four people looked at it.
What I'm sure I've linked it to more people than that.
So maybe it just takes a while.
I also though took one of my, um, one of my clips from, uh, playing dead by daylight.
And I put it to music with an intro from just in playing in final cut pro.
And it's, uh, Amanda young, how to catch a husband.
And it's her putting David on a hook.
Love that.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it.
Have a good week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here at orange launch radio.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next week for our 19th birthday.
And hopefully some of you on Wednesday as well for the super fun cringe episode one
listen through.
So, uh, happy gaming.
Have fun.
Uh, don't be one of those jerks online.
Be nice.
Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM.
Pacific 9 PM.
Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of orange lounge radio or bog network, but you know, they were all
still true.
See you next week.
Yeah.
