Tonight, we're going to talk about classic games getting cartoons, two of them. We've
had video game universe TV shows, comics, movies, and more, but cartoons are having
something of a renaissance, something of a long overdue proliferation in this, the streaming
era, which is pretty on brand for gamers, now that I'm thinking about it. TV shows
from video games, video games related to TV shows, you got your chocolate and my peanut
butter, and so on. It's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to provide
actual detail about these two cartoons and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting
right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again here
on June 27th, 2021 with episode number 874 of our show. My name is Rob Roberts and I
am joined this week as I usually am by first off the one and only Dark Soccer, Jamie Sommers.
I'm wearing merch.
You are? I just noticed that while we were sitting on the cat thing before we go live
here at Twitch, I was like, oh, she's got her new merch on. How do you like the shirt?
The tank top is very thin, but it's comfortable and pretty stretchy.
I was going to say.
Raise her back. You can see the shoulder action.
For these 100 degree days, it probably works out pretty well that it's kind of thin.
I don't know. We're kind of low. I've got buddies who were up there in the Northeast
who are like, it's way too hot to exist.
Yeah, it's way hot. Well, it's way, one, it is hotter in the Pacific Northwest this weekend,
but two, the architecture, the homes aren't all built for it. Here where we live and in
places like Phoenix where it's always hot, central air conditioning is standard. Absolutely.
You have to have it. But in places in the Pacific Northwest, they don't really see this
a lot. So it's not always standard. So it's a little scary. So hope everybody's doing
OK up there. They're feeling the heat a lot more than we are here in our area.
Also, I will thank Dark Soccer for the cheap plug for our shop, Vogue Network dot com slash
shop if you want to get a tank top to wear in the heat or otherwise.
I saw someone bought one of the album art prints. Yeah, we got a tweet showing off the
album art print and it looked really nice. Like, you know, I want one. Yeah. Now I kind
of want one, too. Like, I have to admit, I didn't really know what it would look like.
But now that, you know, I'm I'm glad a viewer took the risk and bought it and then tweeted
us a picture because I'm like, oh, that's a nice little keepsake. I want one of those
to hang in the studio, honestly. Maybe maybe I should put up a larger one. Maybe. Maybe.
Who knows? We'll see. All right. Anyway, I told Dan I wanted to get one. You should you
should buy all the things in our shop. What money? Good example. I don't know. The money.
I will. I will. When I get more than 12 streamers watching me at any given point in time, the
money spent on Dead by Daylight Cosmetics, which by which, by the way, I I finally finally
after all this time splurged on this week, I I had to have the Chris skin for Dead by
Daylight. Had to have it. I I bought the Chris and Claire. I bought all of the the Survivor
ones, even though I don't play Survivor. And I bought a Nia outfit today so I could try
to do the the outfit break. And I got it to work once, but I forgot to save the cosmetic
on Nia so I could keep Cheryl with black hair. And so that didn't work. So I have to try
it again. All right. Well, say hello as well. Playing a different game there in the background.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki. Hello. Hi. What is that that's playing behind you tonight?
I can't place that. Is that Rad Racer two? No. What is it? I can't place it again. It's
definitely a racing game of this side. Looks like an eight bit game. It's a racing game.
I can't tell if you're on a motor. Oh, you're on a motorcycle. Oh, it's the dang it. It's
the one where you smack people when you're on the motorcycle. No, it's not. That's not
Road Rash. He's playing a skateboarder. No, it's not skateboarder. What a rollerblader.
Yes. You know what game it is? I give up. It's Skitchen. Oh, I've never I don't think
I know that ever once played it. Yeah. Dark to see you got it in our chat, though, because
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the
voice of Geeks Network, Twitch dot TV slash Vogue Network. And if you want to participate
along with our show, you can join us in our chat room just like dark to see you did and
shouted out the name of the game there. Speaking of things that happened at Twitch on Vogue
Network, we we've hit a milestone this week. Oh, our celebrating turning 19 years old this
week. So this is kind of our official celebration for that. But you guys know, as of several
years ago, we kind of we kind of put the confetti cannons away for every anniversary. It's like
birthdays after twenty one. Like, what's the point? Right. And so. So, yeah. But I mean,
obviously, this is a huge milestone and we did do something special for it. We did a
midweek broadcast and this was a lot of fun. So on Wednesday night, which was the actual
birthday of the show, because the first episode was June twenty third of 2002. So on June
twenty third this week, we actually got together and we listened to episode number one and
we were ready for all the cringe that came with listening to episode number one. But come
to find out, you know, and I hadn't listened to that show in a very long time and I don't
think I haven't listened to it since we did it. Exactly. So I got to say, it wasn't as bad
as I thought it was going to be. And I know that sounds really weird to say, especially
because, you know, we pour our heart and soul into this show and I'm very proud of it. But I
also recognize it's come a long way since the early days. And I was kind of surprised
episode number one was more polished than I expected it to be. Not to say it wasn't a
little bumpy, you know, but I was kind of walked away from that going, that wasn't that bad.
I kind of hyped that up to be a lot worse. And I felt like you guys kind of walked away with
similar opinions on that. So, yeah. Yeah. And I thought there was some very there was some
things in it that were very like, like how OLR still is today. Like the thing I well, there
were two things in it. Number one, and this shocked me. I didn't realize we had a webcam all
the way back on episode one. The one frame webcam. Yep. I knew the I think is even worse than that.
I think it was like one frame every three minutes. But I remember that we had a webcam in the early
days of OLR. I thought we didn't do it until we moved to that second studio that was the apartment
that Loki and I lived in. I didn't think we had a webcam in the first days of the show. So that was
a shock to find out that we've been doing video just about as long as we've been doing OLR
of some sort. I guess there were some gaps in that because we were doing slideshows. Exactly.
Exactly. But then the other thing I thought was very interesting about that whole thing was that
Loki, of course, we all knew Loki was at episode one, even though originally he wasn't there for
the discussion about we should do an Orange Lounge radio. But obviously, Loki put his heart and soul
into it as well from episode one so much that we kind of retconned him to a host from the beginning.
But if you listen to episode one where he wasn't technically a co-host yet, it's really funny
that he's bringing that same perspective of, oh, here's some news stories that we haven't
gotten to yet that we should kind of bring up. And he kind of was helping to throw out some topics
there towards the end of the show. And I'm the one sitting there going, well, maybe maybe the
critics were right. We can't fill two hours talking about Bomani. And Loki was like, well,
what about this? What about this? So I thought that was really surprising, like in a pleasantly
fun kind of way. So, yeah, that was I remember doing that. Yeah, I didn't remember that either.
But it's it's at the same time, I'm not surprised. It's why you're still here. Right. So it's great.
Yeah. Anyhow, TigerClaw in chat says, do you remember how fast your Internet was back in
the days? Was it on dial up? The early O.L.R. was on a DSL connection. So that was blazing fast at
the time. But O.L.R. was also dial up friendly radio when it started on live through 65. So
that's why the recording is not the greatest quality, because it was like it's like something
like 24 Kbps or whatever was dial up friendly at the time. So it's you know, it's it's a pretty
poor quality. But there were a lot of people, especially in remote parts of the country,
that were still on dial up at the time. So it kind of worked out for them. And then some kind
words from the chat. Bobby Black Wolf in chat says it shows how much O.L.R. has changed,
but also how much O.L.R. has stayed the same. Yep. Mr. Rhizos in chat says happy 19th anniversary
O.L.R. Thank you very much. And just a big, you know, thank you again. I know I say this a lot,
but it's because I mean it. Thank you to all of you out there who support the show, who listen,
who say nice things like that. I got some really touching tweets throughout the week this week in
response to O.L.R. turning 19 and such. And I just yeah, I mean, it's it's really the motivation
that keeps things going. So I just I want to give a big thank you to everyone out there that
continues to listen to this. I thought it was hilarious that there were more people
watching that broadcast on Wednesday of us listening to episode one. There were more people
watching that than were actually listening to episode one back in the day. But I'll tell you
what, Dark Tetsuya gets a gold star because he was there for both. He was there for episode and
his name is in episode one because we shouted him out in the chat room, which apparently we had an
IRC chat room in the early show that I read, I think three times throughout the whole show. So
I've gotten better at that. That's for sure. But anyway, I remember you saying that it didn't sound
like we got any at first, but yeah, they came in. That might have been it, too. I feel like the chat
was probably really slow in those early episodes. But Joe Mama was there. Joe Mama was the first
chat comment ever read. So there was that. So it's just kind of funny. Dark Sakura,
Loki, anything you guys want to say about the 19th birthday and all these candles on the cake?
It wasn't that bad. I sounded really sinacy, but I think I always sound really sinacy.
Well, and the poor quality of the recording and the poor microphones, I think kind of-
I don't think that can mimic sinus.
You'd be surprised how horrible it can make your voice sound, but yeah.
But anything on turning 19 years old, not so much episode one, but just this milestone of 19 years,
which we still believe makes us the longest running internet show slash podcast about games
out there, period. Any- I'm officially looking into the Guinness thing.
Yeah, that would be a very nice thing. You have to pay for it.
Yeah, but how much is it? I think it's worth it.
Yeah, we might be able to- if it's only a couple of hundred dollars,
I bet we could just pool it together. I think it's a couple of thousand dollars.
Well, maybe we'll have to just- Maybe we'll take a Kickstarter.
Maybe, maybe. I don't know. Loki, any thoughts on turning 19?
No, it's just another episode. 20 will be really cool. I mean, that'll be really significant.
And no one will realize- no one will know.
Yeah, but I gave up on that at the five-year mark.
Yeah, we'll see.
Phoenix7726 says, will y'all be putting episode one up on the RSS feed again? That's a no.
And the reason why, A, there's copyright music all over it because we used to take music breaks.
Actually, as a quick aside, and Dark Tetsuya, if you're listening, please post that link in
chat that you had in the private thread that only the host can see with the stories every week.
But you put together a YouTube playlist of all the songs from episode one,
and people were asking about that. So Dark Tetsuya, please share that link in chat
because I'd love for the folks that were asking, what were those songs that you were skipping over?
I'd like you guys to have a copy of that. So check that out.
And also just because even though I was pleasantly surprised that nothing was said was as terrible
as I thought it was going to be for the age of the show, there were still a couple things where
I'm like, people looking at that in a 2021 lens without the right frame of mind may not appreciate
it. So I think it's best that it just be kept in the vault. It's not hard to find. I'll tell you
that episode one of OLR is not hard to find, especially if you kind of poke around the old
forums at VOG Network, which they're no longer active or usable, but you can still look at old
posts. You can probably find episode one pretty easy, but I'm just going to stress this. I always
do. Those shows are nearly 20 years old at this point. So just keep that in mind.
So I found the answer.
For which... Oh, the Guinness thing.
For Guinness.
Yes. What is that?
So for a new record, it's $1,000 for a priority application where they process it in five days.
For a standard application, there's no cost and takes up to 12 weeks for it to be reviewed.
And then send us the guidelines.
All right. Well, Dark Soccer, you're in charge of that project. Let's make it happen. I'd love that.
Do we want this to happen, chat?
I think so.
Well, I'll wait to see what chat says. I'm going to do it anyway, but I want to see what they say.
Phoenix7726 says, was there some casual ableism or something? There was an instance of a word
that was used far more often 20 years ago that wasn't...
That wasn't me.
It wasn't... Well, it wasn't any of us. It was actually a guest, but I don't want to deflect on
the guest either because I'm sure in subsequent episodes, it fell out of our mouths too at some
point. But I just want to clearly say it certainly wasn't appropriate then and isn't appropriate now,
but society's rules were a little different. And unfortunately, we have a tendency to parrot things
that we hear on TV and around us and stuff. But I think it was interesting because Dark Soccer,
after we did that, we rated another Twitch streamer. We rated Losing Color, and we were
talking about it in their chat. And I thought there was some very nice chat in there about,
well, if you can look back on that and at least say, wow, that was cringe and I wouldn't do that
again, then it does show growth and that you've learned from it. And I think that's something
to celebrate. And that's really what it was all about, honestly. So...
Yeah. And I mean, in my early days of going into Elsie's channel, by the way, they were like,
oh, tell me all about it and let me go off at length. And then they followed us.
That's great. That's very nice. All right. I think you're seeing some folks in chat that
want to see C.O.L.R. in the Guinness Book of World Records. So we got to make that happen.
I'm creating my account right now.
All right. Okay. Anyhow, let's get into some other gaming topics here. So again,
one more thank you for helping us get to 19 years. Let's push through one more year. Let's
see if we can get to 20. All right. Let's go ahead and get into our top story tonight,
which has to do with Windows 11. Windows 11 was announced this week. Microsoft did a big
to do about that. And you might be wondering, well, what's Windows 11 have to do with gaming?
And I would say, really? You're going to ask that? Because there's a lot of people
that are playing on PC, Windows types of environments. And so, of course,
it's absolutely important what Windows 11 is going to be doing, especially when it comes to
gaming. And I think a lot of people have peered in the crystal ball and kind of thought, hmm,
Microsoft does Windows. Microsoft does Xbox. What is Windows 11 going to do to Xbox?
And sure enough, as part of the Windows 11 announcements earlier this week,
they have announced that Xbox Game Pass will be built into Windows 11. So if you're already subbed,
you can get right in there and play your games in Windows 11. I have to be honest,
isn't it kind of that way with Windows 10? I mean, I understand it is. Yeah,
I understand they're going to make it like it's maybe in Windows 10. It's kind of like a
separate app. It's a separate standalone thing that like like the Steam store or something that
you run. And so I can see that maybe like in Windows 11, it's going to be more integrated.
But I also kind of think this headline is a little bit like, is it going to be that different? I
actually don't. Yeah. That sounds it's more click baity. Maybe a little bit. But I get the point.
I get why it's newsworthy. Integrated verse into the application versus a standalone app
is a difference. It is a different, you know, way to present. But I think for most people,
it's going to feel very similar. But we're not really surprised to see that. But Microsoft kind
of also going out of their way to invite other people into Windows 11 store, probably because
they don't want to be seen as monopolizing the market because, you know, I think Microsoft's
gotten slaps on the wrist before for things like antitrust and things like that. So even though
they're going to be building Game Pass into it, they're kind of going out of their way to say,
we want Steam. We want Epic Game Store. We want other. I think. I think they had even said we
want iMessage. I know that's not about gaming, but they have said these other things. They want
to get these other things integrated into Windows. So in a comment, I was trying to find the keyword
here. Is that who said this? The OS chief Panos Panay mentioned to The Verge in an interview
that Microsoft would like to add these third-party stores, specifically calling out Steam and Epic
Game Stores. And Panay in the interview said these stores would be very welcome.
They want to make Windows 11 a go-to source for app, saying, quote, you type the app in and you
get the app you want. So interesting. It should also be said, though, that Windows 11 does not
plan to charge a fee to have apps listed. However, that doesn't apply to games. There's been a very
interesting, clear distinction between apps are free, games are not. So I don't know how that's
going to work. If they were to try to put Steam in there, then does that mean that Microsoft would
take a cut because it's games? I don't know. I guess they would have some things to work out
there. But considering Steam exists on Windows 10 today and doesn't get a cut, I don't see why,
again, I think it's a question about is it integrated into the system and something you
get right there like on, you know, or is it, you know, a separate app that you launch? And I feel
like things like Steam, Epic Game Store and so forth will just be separate apps that you launch.
So going to comment and chat, TigerCon Chat says, I advise against upgrading to Windows 11.
You may have some hardware that you normally use that probably won't have any Windows 11 drivers
on launch. If there's a piece of hardware you've been using for the last couple years,
you have to check if the manufacturer is still supporting it with Windows 11 drivers.
And Mr. Izos in Chat says, as with new consoles, it's always worth to wait a bit to see how the
existing hardware catches up with Windows to upgrade. Never be on that first all buggy batch.
I probably will not upgrade to Windows 11 on day one, but I hope to be an early-ish adopter.
That is assuming that they don't force it on you. Like, I don't know if this is going to be
because they were talking about Windows 10 being like kind of the last update of Windows that
there's going to be unless they're going to kind of start treating us like, you know,
Mac OS or something like that, where it's just the version numbers are going to keep
going up as it updates. I don't know if they're going to make you name the new ones, Monterey.
Yeah, I understand that. But that's just kind of. I don't know, a formality. I mean,
what I'm saying is, you know, well done branding, it's well done branding. You don't have to
purchase like a brand new install of an OS. It just updates and, you know, whatever you call it,
a different name. Right. But like, I don't know if they're playing on doing that with Windows 11.
If that's the case, if they are, then they're going to shove it right into your face.
They did confirm it's free. So it's it's not and they're going to shove it right into your face.
They'll absolutely shove it in your face. But they did that with Windows 10. It's very easy
to click. Not today, you know, and I want to say with Windows, not not today, Microsoft.
I want to say when they did Windows 10, you could also make a backup of your old OS for like 30
days and revert back at any time, because I think they kind of read the tea leaves on why people
were hesitant to do the upgrade. I think that was a smart thing to do. That was the thing that
finally got me to push the button was when it was like, OK, you can revert back in 30 days if you
don't like it. So they would be very smart to do something like that with Windows 11. And I think
that'll encourage more people to adopt it. So we'll see. Let's see, other comments in chat.
Did you do pod culture and chat says I'm running 11 without issues. Just had to enable TPM in my
BIOS. Thank you. Thank you for being one of the people willing to put up with a buggy piece of
software so that when it comes out for the rest of us, those will all be ironed out. But I'm glad
it's running without issues for you so far. That's great. E3VL in chat says, didn't they force 8 to
10 when it launched? Maybe my memory was fuzzy. I didn't go from 8 to 10. I went from 7 to 10.
But I remember it wasn't forced. So there was that. Yeah, I went from 8 to 10. It wasn't forced,
but like they were kind of basically it was, you know, I hate Windows 8 so much.
Going from 7 to 8 was like kind of a downgrade almost. Yeah. Because that was when they're like,
oh, well, tablets are the future. Everything must be tablet like. So it was a warm welcome to have
another OS to go to aside from 8. So I think that's why a lot of people kind of jump ship
really fast on that. I think so. So to tie it kind of like back to gaming and all that,
I think it's going to be interesting that we have the new OS. And it does feel like it's probably
about time, like it's been a few years. It probably feels like it's about time for a new OS.
But I'm not sure if at the end of the day, our gaming experiences are going to change
that significantly. I mean, yes, they're talking about the Game Pass integration, but or the Game
Pass stuff. I just don't think it's going to play out that differently than what we see in Windows
10 today. It's not like it's going to pre install games or anything like that. At least I hope to
hell it doesn't. I don't think it will, because that would be so rude to your bandwidth. They
did that with the included games with the install before, I think. I can't remember because I
remember like Candy Crush is in there. So that was like an immediate install. But
yeah, hopefully there's not kind of bloatware in there. Obi-Wan Jabroni in chat says, I'm a Mac
user. You're speaking a foreign language. I understand, of course. And I know Dark
Soccer is a big fan of her Mac. And there's certainly nothing wrong with that. But I know
even with Mac, sometimes what goes on with Windows can still kind of affect things in case they get
like this thing you're kind of talking about with the Mass Effect trilogy and the difficulties
it's kind of been up and running getting that. But I would wonder, I think this would be an
extremely smart thing for Microsoft to do is to leverage some of that xCloud stuff like they best
have an xCloud player for the Mac. But I guess that's on Microsoft to figure that out and maybe
perhaps some things on Apple as well. Anyhow, let's go ahead and move on. Can you get Edge on
a Mac? Technically, yes. Yeah. So technically, I think it does run through Edge.
Well, xCloud's on a website, too, right? And I know Chrome's on. I'm running Chrome on this
very Mac that's powering our show. I have to use Chrome to play Stadia.
Yeah. So I was going to say, I'm pretty sure Chrome will do xCloud, too. So that's a very
good point. You're right. They don't even need a native app. It's all going to run through the web,
which is probably what the future is anyway. Oh, and Obi-Wan Jabroni says it works on Safari. Well,
there you go. That's the go-to Mac browser. So it makes sense. Anyhow.
Good. Anything you have to do to prevent no one wants to install Edge.
I don't think Edge is as bad as the last one. But anyway, all right. Let's get into other stuff.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and what we've been playing on PC, console, or otherwise. And
we'll start off with Dark Sakura with the question, how was your gaming week?
Um, I did not again play Animal Crossing. I have played a lot of Dead by Daylight. I basically,
in just a couple hours a night for about four nights, I got Hag to 40.
Um, I'm now a Hag main. It's amazing. Uh, I actually like Larry's with Hag.
I hate Haddonfield still. It's still garbage. And the corn is still garbage.
But I actually don't mind Larry's or Hawkins. I've tried Hag. I can't do it. She's too slow for me.
And the trap thing is like, for whatever reason, the trap thing for me is so delayed.
Like when I try to trigger the trap, I can't get a hit in. So it's just Hag's run for me.
When I get an explosion alert, I've just got my pinky on my control key the whole time.
Hmm. So, or sorry, my command key. I mean, I'm playing on a Mac, but for you, it would be
what, what button is that? Alt. But anyway, um, and I'm still having some fun with doctor
and I'm still playing piggy sometimes, but I've pretty much been nothing but Hag this last week.
It's been great. Um, so I'm team Hagatha. Um, I also finally, they have updated a windows
arm sufficiently that I can get mass effect to load, but it does not load all the way.
It does not play well. It's still in the very infancy of that, uh, 64 bit emulation
or whatever emulation it wants to use. Um, so I'm still waiting, but it was exciting getting,
getting it to work. I'm actually running the, the, uh, early beta builds for windows arm
and I've been fairly pleased, fairly pleased. Nice. And of course word escapes because I'm
addicted to letters. All right. Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week? It's all Minecraft still. So,
this week's been interesting. I've was trying to set up some content to record for another episode,
had a plan and everything, but then, uh, we decided to update the server to one 17.
So that added a lot of things and totally derailed everything I wanted to do and also broke my
shaders, which I was sad about it at first, but actually I'm kind of getting used to the way it
looks before shaders. Um, and also the frame rates a little bit much better, like 10 times
better. Um, so I've been just messing around with the one 17 stuff, um, new shop designs and stuff.
So I'm going to film that content. And then I think actually that the Optifine has re-enabled
shaders. So probably I need that pretty soon. Sorry, awkward, but I need to do a quick AFK.
Smoosh is wailing. So I need to make sure he's okay. I'll be right back.
He shouldn't be wailing because that's illegal and frowned upon.
What if he's wailing on a guitar doing some sick riffs?
Maybe. I don't know. Um, so yeah, it's been a lot of that. I've been designing an axolotl shop,
so we're going to be selling axolotls in the shopping district now. And it's awesome. You
got to, can't wait to show you the design. It'll be in the new, the new episode. I have a farm now
to get those as well. So I have, I probably have at least 50 to 60 axolotls at the moment. So it's
pretty crazy. Um, but yeah, uh, one, one 17 is pretty awesome. The caves are a lot more
interesting now. Not as interesting as they're going to be in one 18 when that comes out, but
it has been, um, definitely worth getting used to the only downside though so far. And I think it's
a server issue is my entire gold farm that was in there is completely broken, which is unfortunate
because I need that gold farm to run my shop on the server. And that fact that it doesn't work
anymore is a problem. Although no, nothing in the update should have broken that it's, I think it's
more of just something because our server runs paper MC, which is kind of a modded client or
modded server. And there's additional tweaks and stuff that they do in there. The fixed stuff that
you know, maybe broken in vanilla. I think something with that is affecting what's going on.
So I'm trying to get the admins to look into that. But in the meantime, I'm also setting up a cash
for gold shop instead, you know, like those old commercials we used to see all the time.
I'm back smooshes. Okay. Thank you. Okay.
Glad he's not wailing. So yeah, it's been just lots of Minecraft stuff. So I'm hopefully going
to be working on stuff for another episode soon. I'm trying to get it down to one episode a week.
I mean, listening to the folks come behind the scenes on like the hermitcraft stuff,
they said that it takes about eight hours to film, edit and publish an episode for them.
And it's taken me way longer to do that. Like I'm having way more footage like there's
when they were talking about like, Oh, yeah, I have to go through an hour and a half worth
of footage. And that's a lot. Like, I'm going through a good 10 times the amount of footage
than they are. So I'm doing something wrong. So I need to kind of refine that process. But
hopefully we'll have a new episode soon. I don't want it to be two weeks, but maybe in the middle
of the week. Well, that's part of the learning process, though. And another quick plug for
because I don't think you put that if I, you know, what is time anymore? But I seem to remember
that your big collaboration video went up on Monday, so the day after our last show. So a big
shout out to go follow your YouTube channel to check out your latest video.
Yeah, it's up there. I think it was last Sunday or something like that. But yeah, there's a there's
a lot. My last video with Tango Tech from hermitcraft. They're in the middle of season
eight right now. So it's pretty awesome. But I got to collaborate with him a little bit and
just kind of talk about his process and stuff. And we started working on just something. I mean,
off the cuff, it's kind of hard to build, especially with it, you know, I was super
nervous. So it's hard to kind of come up with something offline, though, I've been able to
come up with something much grander, which will be in probably a future episode, but
it'll be inspired by what we kind of started there. It was still a fun experience. So I would
I totally recommend you watch it and give me a like and subscribe and all that fun stuff.
All right, we will. Let's see my gaming week. I honestly didn't play a lot of new stuff still
going on the day of the daylight. I had to play the Debbie Delight. The Debbie Delight. I played
some Nemesis. Hey, Nemesis. Yeah. Did you whip it out? I did. I wish the whip length was a
little bit longer. I wish it was a little bit faster. Yeah. And that's so that's taken some
getting taken some getting used to. But I was finally able to get that daily done where it's
like you have to max out. You have to play four times to get it done because it's max out your
meter like four times. So I did that. You can just do it by hitting zombies. I. Yeah, but it's so
much slower that way. Like it's better to just do a survivor and get them in a chase, but you have
to get so close and then do it because you can try to risk it from a little further back, but you
might not hit them. But my other big day by daylight accomplishment is I got Jill to 40.
So I got my blast mine teachable finally. So I'm probably going to move on to another character.
I'll probably do Jake next because I really want Iron Will. So, yeah, I've been working on those.
I should probably do a stream of that at some point because I talk about all the time. But
whenever I stream, it's usually playing Final Fantasy 14, which, by the way, just as an aside,
because I just realized it's not in tonight's show role and maybe it should have been.
They're doing a very interesting promotion with Final Fantasy 14 right now where you can get a
special black chocobo. It's specifically the fat chocobo. You can get a flying mount black fat
chocobo if you have to watch certain Final Fantasy 14 streamers and give four subs. And if you donate
four subs while watching particular Final Fantasy 14 streamers, then you get the black fat chocobo.
And this is causing a little bit of controversy in the community because the list of who they
curated. Again, I don't want to talk negative about any of those people, but it could have
probably shown a little more diversity. And quite frankly, in my opinion, I don't understand why
it's limited to begin with. And I'm not trying to be salty or whatever. How dare I wasn't included?
No, I mean, I stream the game once every two weeks. Of course, I'm not going to be included
in something like that, but I don't understand why they don't just open it up to anyone streaming
the game. Usually when you're talking about No Man's Sky giveaways in that game, it was anybody
who's broadcasting it. When it was things like World of Warcraft and Overwatch, it was anybody
who's broadcasting it. So I'm not sure what the thought process there was to limiting it to
certain streamers. And again, I promise you, I'm not trying to talk negative about any streamers.
I'm sure those streamers work very hard, but the problem is not who they included. The problem is
who they left out. And there's some big problems with who they left out. And so that's an issue.
But anyway, I needed to bring that up at some point because I just realized it's not on the
show role because I don't know if any big sites actually reported on that. I think it was more
of a Twitter thing. So there's that. But I have been playing Final Fantasy XIV and I did hit a
big milestone in that game. I have gotten my warrior class past level 50, which means every
job I have past level 50, which was the realm reborn cap. So I have my crown because that was
an achievement in a realm reborn was if you got everything to max level, which was 50 at the time,
your character got a red crown. So I can get that now for glamour and walk everywhere with a crown.
So I can't wait to get them all to 60. I have three jobs left that aren't 80. Warrior,
Monk, and Black Mage. Black Mage is 73. That's real close. The other two are lagging behind in
the 50s. So I'm really going to work this week and the upcoming weeks and have everything 80
well in advance of the new expansion. I'm going back to what I was talking about with XIV. Bobby
Blackwolf says, one of the streamers is part of GDQ and said that he was only told to expect just
a few subs. And he basically went on for hours and made lots of money. The subs were rolling in
and he was already a partner. Well, yeah, they don't want to, they don't want to set expectations
inappropriately, but of course these folks are going to get a ton of subs. People want shit in
Final Fantasy XIV. It's the biggest MMO right now. You know, of course people want to have that. If
Blizzard did this for wow, the exact same thing would happen. It's just weird that they didn't
foresee that. I don't know, whatever. Anyway, Misha Kha earlier was talking about playing
Palace of the Dead, which is a very good way to level up DPS alts. I might actually do some of
that with my monk. Warrior, you can kind of queue for dungeons over and over because you're not
waiting long as a tank. But yeah, Palace of the Dead is a really good way to grind experience
in the lower levels, especially. So, all right. I think that's really about it for my gameplay.
Honestly, Dead by Daylight, Final Fantasy XIV, maybe a little bit of stuff on console,
but nothing more than like an hour. So, all right. I was gone all weekend anyway. So, all right.
By the way, it's submitted.
That was fast.
Yeah, I work quick, quickly.
I'm surprised we didn't have to like, did you have to provide any documentation or anything else?
Do they just follow up?
They just follow up. Although I don't know why this is saying I'm in Uganda. Let me fix that.
Okay. Yeah. I've never been there.
That would be unfortunate if we get in the book and then oops, we were credited to the
wrong country. That would be unfortunate. Anyway. All right. Let's move on and get into some other
gaming news and we'll start with Loki with what's going on in the gaming world this week.
Yeah. So, apparently, Final Fantasy is getting an animated series. So,
Final Fantasy IX to be exact because there's been lots of different Final Fantasy animated series.
But yeah, this is pretty interesting. Kind of weird though that they picked Final Fantasy IX
being it's been so long since it's come out to actually do a series for it. But I don't know.
I guess they're doing it. So, apparently, this is going to be done by Cyber Group Studios.
They're also going to be doing different merchandising and licensing to go along with it
as well. I'm not sure where this is going to be featured yet. I'm wondering if that's going to be
on a streaming service at some point. But it'd be cool to check it out whenever it actually makes
it out. Yeah. I was kind of surprised to hear Final Fantasy IX. Well, I mean, I am and I'm not
because Final Fantasy IX's world and characters kind of lend itself well to that sort of thing.
So, I mean, it's not like they can't do one for Final Fantasy X, but I get it with IX.
But you're right. It is interesting why that one, especially when Seven's got the remake and all
this other stuff. And surely, they're going to want to push Final Fantasy XVI eventually.
But maybe for whatever reason, they just decided this is the one that has the best story to tell.
Yeah. I mean, I guess. I mean, they're targeting this right now. It's supposed to be adapted for
a target audience of eight to 13 year olds. So that'll be interesting. A whole new audience
for Final Fantasy IX. Some comments in chat. DJ Rama S says, as long as it's not Final Fantasy VIII,
that's the worst Final Fantasy. While your shade is on point with me, here's the thing. I do think
VIII had a good story, though. It's just I didn't care for the game in VIII. So if they wanted to
animate VIII, then cool, because I wouldn't have to play it. And the cutscenes are amazing in VIII,
so I'm good with that being animated. That's where I'm at, but I appreciated the shade.
Let's see. Zen Monkey says it's probably because it's the easiest to animate because they're so
small. That makes sense. Quest Buster says Final Fantasy IX is pretty family friendly.
Final Fantasy IX is pretty friendly Final Fantasy for a cartoon like this. Say friendly Final
Fantasy. Family friendly Final Fantasy. Barring a few changes, it should work out and be pretty
interesting. Yeah, I'm super curious about it. I think as you referred to there, Loki,
it's not the only thing that's getting a TV show because there's that Final Fantasy XIV TV show
that we're supposed to be getting as well. That's not animated, but that was the thing because that's
by the same studio that does The Witcher and all that stuff. That'll be interesting. It'll be
awesome, but we haven't heard anything on it in some time. But granted, all the early announcements
were right before the pandemic. I'm sure that has slowed the plans down significantly. So I get it.
But I just know that that's the thing that's kind of like in the works as well. Tiger Kong chat says
why not animate the first Final Fantasy? Do a series based on the first game that started it all.
You know, that's an interesting game coming out. Yeah, I was just gonna say there's a game coming
out. You have that Final Fantasy origin and chaos, chaos, chaos. Well, chaos was
a villain in Final Fantasy I. Also, Final Fantasy I didn't really have set protagonists.
Remember, you got to pick your party and who was in the party and whatever names you wanted
to give them. So the character design didn't really start until Final Fantasy II, which had
more defined characters. And I mean, Final Fantasy II on the NES actually had, you know, characters
that you played. It's just the job system was different. But Final Fantasy I was really,
the warriors of light could kind of be anybody. And so that might be, I mean, and sure, sure,
for the purposes of a story, give them defined roles. Make a black mage named whatever, a white,
you know, make, make those characters. But I want to say, wasn't there a Final Fantasy anime a long
time ago that explored that already? It was based on V. It was based on Final Fantasy V. I don't
remember what, it wasn't called Final Fantasy, I don't think. It was like Legend of the Crystals
or something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm trying to remember. Oh, no, it was, yeah,
Legend of the Crystals, Final Fantasy. That's what it was. So, yeah, I just think, not bad. Yeah,
I just think that might be the issue with trying to go all the way out to Final Fantasy I. And
as was said earlier there, they're going the game direction with that anyway. So maybe they just,
you know, since they have 15 Final Fantasy games, they're going to branch them out in all these
different directions. Where's the justice for Final Fantasy XI? Are they ever going to revisit
Final Fantasy XI? That's, that's my question at this point. Well, yeah, I don't know. Yeah.
Can we get a Dissida, like, anime or something like that? That would be interesting. No One
Special. That would be weird. That would be interesting. No One Special 77 in chat says,
with Final Fantasy I character names, they were limited to four characters a piece,
really limiting in English, but in Japanese, you can do more with the characters. So it was one of
those things that just didn't localize as well, especially for an old NES cart. So, Fifth Dream
in chat says, still waiting for the spirits within game. I, I still will die on the hill that spirits
within should have been Final Fantasy VIII and Final Fantasy VIII should have been the movie.
That's, I will find me a hill to go die on because that's it. So, all right. Anyway,
let's move on. Talk about another big Square series. How about the Mana series? And it's kind
of interesting because we've been kind of seeing more Mana games pop up, right? We had the secret
amount of remake not that long ago, Trials of Mana finally localized after all these years,
and then it gets a remake as well. Legend of Mana, for better or for worse, in my opinion,
that remake just hit, right? So, what's happening with Mana next? Well, get this, producer Masaru
Oyamata confirmed during the 30th anniversary live stream that just happened that a new Mana series
game for console is in development. I think they also announced one for phones and people were kind
of like, but there is one for consoles that is in development. And say, it's saying in the
announcement, we wanted to announce it by running a cool trailer, but we're only at the start of
the 30th anniversary, but we are in fact developing a new title, but please wait a little while longer
until the proper announcement. Although we did have the Mana series creator, Kochi Ishii, take
a look at it a little bit ago. We're at that level of development, so please look forward to it.
Development still has some way to go. We're developing for console, so I hope you can look
forward to it. So meaning, don't expect the game anytime soon. This is probably, honestly, a 2023
game if nothing else. But still exciting to hear that because the Mana series has been doing so
well in the remakes, not only do we finally get second at set to three after all these years
localized, but essentially we're getting second at set to five after all these years is basically
what they're making. And that's outstanding news. I have high hopes for this. What do you guys
think about a new Mana game coming? As long as it isn't like Trials of Mana. I'm not Trials of Mana,
but the last one. Legend of Mana. Legend of Mana, yeah. Which I kind of stupidly got in Japanese.
Oh, I remember the story. Yeah. Yeah, and I just, I didn't enjoy it. I'm gonna be honest. I kind of
want to give it another go. I kind of, because I remember I really didn't like it on PlayStation
when it came out, but I can also admit it came out during a very different period in my life
when what I was looking for in gaming was a little bit different and I was a little more maybe
tunnel visioned. And so there is a part of me that wants to give it another go. So I'm on the fence,
you guys. Send me, convince me. Send me your best tweet. Convince me to play Legend of Mana and give
the remake a try. Twitter.com slash Mr. Rob Roberts. How's that for a cheap plug? Love that.
All right. Also, and I thought this was interesting because, and Jason kind of referenced
it in tonight's intro. He messaged me before the show. I hadn't heard this, but when he was putting
the show roll together, he said, did you know they actually mentioned that there is also a
Legend of Mana, the teardrop crystal anime that's in the works. So there was a lot coming out of
this Mana 30th anniversary stream. And here we go. And we just talked about a Final Fantasy anime.
Guess what? Legend of Mana is getting an anime as well. And it doesn't really matter how I feel
about the game because animes aren't games. They're very different. Again, it could be a
very interesting way to tell the story. So it will be developed. It's going to be animated by
Graffinica. I hope I said that right. In collaboration with Yokohama Animation Lab.
No release date yet, but producer Masaru Oyamata said about it. When the animation project was
first pitched to me, the remastering of Legend of Mana was not even in discussion.
I initially attended the meeting without deep thoughts, but when Mr. Iwata from Warner Brothers
Japan passionately pitched the Legend of Mana animation project with so much love,
I realized I needed to create the game as soon as I can. So rumor has it, that's how the HD
remaster project began. That's very interesting. Fans of the Legend of Mana, please be assured
the people involved in the project have lots of love for the series. So that's pretty cool.
That's very interesting that the discussion about the anime led to the game getting re-released
after all. I just figured the Trials of Mana, the Secret of Mana and like those remakes just
performed very well. So I guess my last question is, where's justice for Secret of Evermore? Look,
look, Secret of Evermore, AKA, I think I have the cart around somewhere too. It's like one of the
few carts I still have. More like Secret of Nevermore. Look, look, justice for Square USA,
okay? Secret of Evermore was not as bad as everyone says it was. Like, I thought it was a,
it was, I mean, was it the same? No, but I like the gameplay was very heavily inspired by
Secret of Mana. And I liked the different direction that it went in. I kind of liked
that it was set in a more modern day, you know, kind of setting a more relatable real world
setting I thought was really cool. So yeah, where's my justice for Secret of Evermore?
You're doing all these other remasters. Come on, come on, at least, at least put it on virtual
console if nothing else. Anyway, DJ Rama S in chat highlights a message saying, Secret of Evermore
goes on the shelf with Final Fantasy Mystic Quest. Well, then here I am walking up to DJ Rama S's
shelf and taking those games off the shelf and putting them in my Super Nintendo to play Secret
of Evermore and to listen to the music in Mystic Quest because that's really the only good part,
but it still had really good music, okay? I'll play that game just to hear the music.
Is there any, is there any game that you will play even though you don't really care for the game
just to hear the music? Chat or hosts, any game that you don't really care for the game,
but the music's so good, you'll play it anyway.
Orange Wright says, Sonic R. I actually like Sonic R. Have fun with it.
Bobby Blackwell says, Advent Rising. Oh, that's a good one. The early Xbox game. Heck yeah,
Quest Buster agrees with that. Obi Wan Jibroni, Streets of Rage 2. Good call. I don't think those
Streets of Rage games have aged very well. Personally, it's a personal opinion, but the
soundtracks, chef's kiss. I want a new Xenogears game. Is that something that we can do?
Write a letter, tweet. We can try. E3VL. All these old Square franchises. I mean, why not?
E3VL in chat says, why not just listen to the OST? Look, I don't need your facts and analysis right
now. I don't need your simple solution. Let me do it the complicated way.
I can think of a game, I really enjoyed the game, but it was hard as balls. And that was Solstice
on the NES. And it had the most amazing soundtrack. I never got very far in the game,
but I would play it just to hear the music. That's for sure. And especially back in the day when a
lot of these games released, we weren't getting OSTs. I think that's also a big part of it.
That was a Japan only thing. We didn't get them over here. And streaming media wasn't a thing
yet. Hell, Napster wasn't a thing yet back when I first played Mystic Quest, that's for sure.
I had friends that would make me cassette tapes of different soundtracks. I would get anime and
video game mix tapes. Didn't you do that on the internet? You dumped some stuff to the internet,
like the early... Was it Bust a Move? Bust a Move. I dumped the track rips from Bust a Move.
I thought that was the thing I remember you talking about in an earlier episode,
way earlier episode. Yeah. So fun. I had what I think it was like a PSX viewer
that lets you view the raw data on a PlayStation game disc. So that's how we also got all those
Symphony of the Night quote lines and everything. That's how they found the unused evil Maria ending.
Actually, now that I think about it, since it just got brought up, I will shut the fuck up
completely about Secret of Evermore getting a remake if Square Enix will bring back Bust a Move.
Because that was an Enix thing. So I'll give up my Secret of Evermore if it means a new Bust a Move.
How about that? Let's move on. Dark Sakura, what else do we have? This is a really interesting
story. So rightfully so, there's a lot of voice actors in arms over the advent of the AI voice
actor. They're like, for example, Witcher 3, A Night to Remember has new voice lines, but it was
used, well, that is it was done by a modder using basically a speech parody was what he calls it,
that he was able to use an AI trained on the original voice actor's speech to create
new lines. And so several voice actors are like, this is terrible. And a quote from Jay Britten,
who was a voice actor on Divinity Original Sin 2 and Pathfinder. I'll go ahead and read the quote.
Yes, AI might be able to replace things, but should it? We literally get to decide. Replacing
actors with AI is not only a legal minefield, but an utterly soulless choice. And this basically came
out after Obsidian, the developer, put a video out about it working with a semantic, which has
AI voices for placeholders until the voice actors are decided on to do their lines. That way,
they can use it to check out dialogue, to check conversation flow, to do base animation,
to the cadence of speech. And one of the voice actors, though, from Assassin's Creed Valhalla,
Natalie Winter, her quote, though, is she says, there's this knee jerk concern of it's going to
take our jobs. And I do believe in some cases that will happen. It's sad to think if AI voices become
good enough to be widely used, then those opportunities will decrease again. And that's
referring to the tight, tight competition as a video game voice actor. The modern question,
though, who didn't like to remember, said he used software called Cyber Voice to create the
new dialogue and the lines for Geralt. It's put out by a Russian company called Mind Simulation
Lab. And they often use that software to mimic many voices. It's really,
I would say, a very gray area right now, although a semantics CEO, Zina Qureshi,
said, and this is her quote, if actors are not comfortable with something, then it's a no go. We
take misuse very seriously. I'm sorry, that came actually. My apologies. I think that came from.
Yeah, actually, that did come from her, so I'm sorry. But at any rate, they reached out to
one of the spokespeople. And this is from an input magazine, by the way, from SAG-AFTRA Union about
how it would affect an actor's credit. And they replied in email, it would be ultimately up to
the actor as currently video game companies do not have a right to continue using a performer's voice
to create something new without their permission. So it would be so SAG-AFTRA would negotiate for
fair compensation if that came to the line. But there's nothing that prohibits anyone from
synthesizing any voice. And indeed, some of these places are calling it parody to, I guess,
get around. They're doing that to get away with it. Exactly. And on top of that, they're saying
that no AI is perfect. You're not going to get spontaneity out of the voice or the essence of
humanity as one quote. But I don't know, when I watched that video that was put out by Semantic,
it was pretty expressive. And they're like, now we have screaming and this, that, and the other.
But they're still thinking that it's a diminishment of their craft.
I'm kind of with SAG-AFTRA on that. Yeah. And personally, now I look at it like this.
Say that you have a finely woven Turkish rug, right? And the ones that take the thousands of
dollars, they take up to a year to create. Now imagine you buy a rug that looks identical,
that was just made in some factory. After a while, you're going to be able, you know,
you're going to hear, see degradation. You're going to hear degradation in the quality.
And it's not, you would probably have to put more work into tweaking the vocal output to make it
sound actually human than you would to pay your voice actor. And voice actors do not get paid as
handsomely as one might think. And I know Quest Buster is bringing up a Vocaloids 2.0. This is
completely different. Vocaloids are meant to sound digital. It is a synthesized voice. This is
actually meant to completely mimic a human voice. And on top of that, certain human voices.
I completely understand where SAG-AFTRA is coming from though, in saying that basically,
and I think that the point for me is really the part where you don't have permission to use the
voice actor's voice beyond what they were compensated for. So I mean, if a developer
wants to keep using the voice and they're going to use this, you know, AI stuff to do it, then okay,
but you need to compensate that voice actor. Now, I think that's being said, I think it's important
to understand the perspective of this story is that you have an individual modder who kind of
did this. This isn't like, it's not like CD Projekt RED did this. They didn't do that.
And on top of that, they're anonymous. Yeah. So I kind of think just the good,
decent thing to do, if you're an anonymous modder, who's going to do this kind of thing and put it
out for free on the internet, I think if you go and make money off it, you're setting yourself
up for trouble. If you're giving it away for free, I think you need to carry that disclaimer
that says these voices are, you know, manipulated or whatever, you know, whatever the,
an appropriate language would be there. I don't- Synthesized, I would say.
Yeah. Synthesized or artificial. But I also completely, I know people may strongly disagree
with me and say, Rob, it's not appropriate in any situation, but I'm also saying you're absolutely
right, but that's not a realistic outlook on how the internet works. So if the technology is out
there, people are going to use it. So we kind of need to find that common ground of especially
the free modding stuff, what should they do? And I think a disclaimer is probably appropriate.
Companies should use this under no circumstance, unless they're going to compensate the
voice actors. And even- Well, it is impressive,
you know, and I think that, I mean, we use a synthesized voice almost every day with,
be it Siri or Alexa or Waze, you know, when you're using their mappy thing.
Synthesized voice is all around us and the technology is getting better and better.
I was listening to some of the synthesis that they did for WWDC for, you know, how Siri is
supposed to sound in the future. And it was utterly amazing. I really think that with any
technology, there's always room for abuse. And I also think that any company is going to try to
save themselves some money when they can. At the same time, they need to be completely aware of the
muck that they're stepping into. Right. Interesting perspective in chat.
So a pod culture in chat says it would be great for things like Star Trek,
where Majeel as the voice of the Enterprise is no longer with us. I support that if they're
compensating her estate by continuing to use the voice. That's different. If her estate agrees to
it and says, yes, this is a nice way to carry the tradition and here's the coin we're going to get
from that, then I think it's OK. And it's not that different from movies that used footage of
Marlon Brando to get him back in the Superman movie after he's been gone for years and years,
you know, but I'm sure his estate got compensated for that. Exactly.
That's what it's all about. So, you know, everything becoming more and more, you know,
advanced, it's going to be interesting, especially with some of these, you know,
folks that are going to pass on and they'll be back in movies again.
Well, and I can I also completely understand from the voice actor and actress's perspective
is that there may be language they don't want to say that then gets me like, for example,
you know, we have what this is, eight hundred and seventy four episodes of Orange Lounge Radio.
If somebody wanted to deconstruct our voices in one of these things, and I'm sure it's very easy
to do, I would be very upset if my voice showed up saying things that I would not say. I would
be very, very mad at that. So it's like it's really getting into murky territory.
Yeah, absolutely. So like something something like you when you'd say like, you know,
Krenner Trigger is the best video game out there is better than Metroid.
I would absolutely sue. I would absolutely sue. And honestly,
that's what it's going to come down to. And that's when they're going to be able to say,
no, this is not parody. When one of these games has a voice actor say something that is against
because, you know, actors have the right to say, no, they're not going to do a certain line of
dialogue or they're not going to do a certain thing. I'm going to tell you, that's going to be
when one of these voice actors, you know, or somebody that gets deep faked with one of these
things is going to go through the roof and sue somebody out of the universe for using something
and saying something they would never say. So that that's will be what it comes down to.
Now, one, though, there are there are some positive uses for this, like text to speech
synthesis. Sure. Which I think is going into party chat on Xbox. I think it is. I think it
just went in there recently. It might be a testing beta thing, but yeah. And I think that for people
who have trouble speaking, like imagine that you have a nonverbal autistic person, they could very
well use speech synthesis to have a voice design their own virtual voice. I mean, imagine what
would have happened if Stephen Hawking had this. Sure. But the voice would have had MC Hawking,
but still the voices in those situations would probably be well aware they're donating
themselves to medicine or getting compensated or whatever the case may be. So in those situations,
like I'm sure there is, you know, some type of consent from the voice to actually to actually
do that, like Siri's voice or any automated assistance voice. Right. They get they get
compensated for that. So anyway. Let's see. Oh, that's interesting. Bobby Black Wolf says
Stephen Hawking actually chose to keep the robotic voice even when they synthesized his real voice.
I can understand why, though. Yeah. I mean, that was for all intents and purposes,
his voice at that point. Right. So and again, all these things are, you know, if the voice
actor agrees, if the person that is to use it agrees. And in that case, Stephen Hawking's
didn't agree. So that was it. So anyway. All right. So, yeah, I think this I think this is
one of the things that's kind of going to remain interesting while a modder uses it. But again,
the first time somebody says something they would never say otherwise gets put out there.
It's going to get ugly real quick. All right. Let's move on. Talk about our next story. Loki.
Yeah, so this is fun, I guess. So we kind of knew that this was going to be happening sooner or
later. But Facebook is testing VR ads in different games. So one of the first games to kind of test
out this brand new type of in game advertising is a game called Blaston, which is on the Oculus
Quest. And as such, there's been massive backlash against it. So finally, you know,
the devs behind it resolution games have decided to pull out of that testing program, basically
saying after listening to player feedback, we realized blastin isn't the best fit for this
type of advertising test. Therefore, we no longer plan to implement the test. But you know, people
have been just saying, Listen, you know, I'm not going to buy your game, I'm going to refund it,
I'm going to, you know, throw away my quest. I lots of crazy stuff, but it's coming. I mean,
they're testing it. We knew that when Facebook was buying Oculus that this is what's going to happen
tracking and ads. So yeah. And I actually think it's unfortunate, I actually think this story
has nothing to do with VR as much as I mean, it's just it just so happens this game is a VR game,
as much as it has to do with Facebook getting into VR and what people's apprehensions were
about that in the first place. Because remember, this isn't just about showing you ads in the game
that you've already purchased. It's about showing you curated and targeted ads. And that's where
that's where the real sinisterness of this comes out is that 10 by the way, it's not a free play
game or anything like that. It's a game that you bought. And then they're sneaking not just not
just any ad, because a lot of the stuff you play on like PlayStation, like let's say you bought
because honestly, people are taking issue with this in other games to like Street Fighter five,
you will sometimes load up a match and it's a match presented by you know, such as Oh,
gosh, yeah, where they like skin everything. Yeah, I remember talking about that even when
it was just like a Capcom fighting tournament or something, but like kind of where it's going to go.
Now, let's just say now, resolution games hasn't necessarily backed out completely attesting these
ads. So they've moved the test from the blast into bait, which is a free to play fishing game
that they released back in 2019. So they're still doing the test. But I mean, it seems more
appropriate in a free to play game. But still, though, it's like, I don't know. I mean, I know
they're throwing money at these devs, obviously. So it's good money for them. But it's also I don't
that's gross. It's Facebook. I just don't like it. You said that game is called Bait.
Bait. It's bait bait. So. So Facebook's want to know, do you like to bait?
All right. Let's see other comments in chat. Fifth Dream says I block everything to master
that game. But, you know, keep trying. Keep keep keep keep practicing a bait.
One day you'll masturbate. Fifth Dream in chat says I block everything on Facebook except people
or groups I follow. So I don't know what they think I like, but I'm obviously not interacting
with ads. Zen Monkey in chat says they backed out. What they're probably going to do is make
people buy loot in games. So, yeah. And this is I think even the people that we're trying to say,
oh, well, maybe Facebook's getting into this, you know, to bring more real life things into VR and
that we're giving Facebook the benefit of the doubt. Now that this is happening, it's like
fucking Facebook sucks. Fuck them. So there's there's that as well. But the problem is, I think
even if you like block things on Facebook, Facebook puts tracking things in other things
around the Internet. So it still figures out a way to follow you. Yeah, because even if you
don't have a Facebook account, they still have these like shell accounts that they
come up with, you know, stuff based on your tracking stuff. So, yeah, it's I have a nice
plug in that pretty much blocks most of that. A couple of others that I've been using. Well,
I'm I'm really glad that other companies, too, are starting to step up and give the people what they
want. And that's enhanced privacy, such as Apple's newest iOS that basically, you know, Facebook
literally was kicking and screaming on the table over that privacy update because they knew
it was going to, you know, really kick them. It's going to fuck them up. It's going to fuck up what
their whole business is about. Good. Very good. And I hope more people kind of take, you know,
following us. You know, so interesting. I saw a giant bill since I was driving home from the
Bay today, I saw a giant billboard on the road home advertising, I think Duk Duk Goose,
one of those companies. Yeah. That actually says, you know, go is that I'm sorry, go. Yeah,
I called it Duk Duk Goose. Well, whatever. So I met you, man. Clearly, clearly the billboard
worked on me. Can you get on the Internet's and find me Duk Duk Goose? Anyway, so whatever it is
called Duk Duk Go, fine. There's a, they have an ad where it's like, do you want more privacy
online? Or it's for people who value the privacy online. It's like, why don't you just say for
people that want to give the middle finger to fucking Zuckerberg? Why don't they just say that
on the billboard? Cause I'd buy, I'd probably remember the name if it had said that. Anyway.
All right. Enough about why Facebook irritates me, but you know what? I got a lot of likes on
the selfie I posted yesterday, so I guess these are the things I give up to have that attention.
Well, and Duk Duk Go is one of the built-in preferences for search engines in Safari.
Oh, I didn't know that. That's cool. Yeah, it is. All right. Let's move on and talk about Tekken
Cross Street Fighter. Did you know that Tekken Cross Street Fighter is still a thing we're
talking about in 2021? Because I bet like me, you pretty much figured this game was dead and
they just never really announced it. And as it turns out, that was kind of the case. It's
interesting. I realize this story has been updated, so please let me hear me out, folks.
So originally what happened earlier this week is that there was a report that came out that
Tekken development chief Katsuhiro Harada mentioned on his YouTube, Harada's Bar,
that Tekken Cross Street Fighter was about 30% done when it was canceled, which we kind of all
figured happened. Like the minute I saw Akuma show up in Tekken 7, I was like,
that's all the Tekken Street Fighter you're going to get. That's what happened to Tekken
Cross Street Fighter. That's it. There it is. Enjoy it. But yeah, apparently the game had
been in development. It was about 30% done and then it was canceled according to this YouTube.
But I'm sure some of you know, there was a follow-up where Katsuhiro Harada kind of clarified
some of those comments saying that the English subtitles didn't properly translate what he was
trying to say in Japanese. So he said that the game is in a pending state or on pause.
So what he meant to say was up to 30% of the development was in progress, but now it is still
pending. This is still the status of the project and we are still hopeful that Tekken Cross Street
Fighter will resume development when the opportunity arises. However, such a title cannot
be moved just for the convenience of one company in terms of marketing and branding. And it also
affects each other's development resources. For now, we're just waiting for the right opportunity.
Look, nothing but respect for Katsuhiro Harada and this project that he's working on in a game
I would have really loved to see. But like when you put a project on pause like that for an
indefinite period of time, when you don't know when it's restarting again, that's canceled.
Or it becomes another game. The game was canceled. Yeah. So, you know, we're getting into a
terminology war here, but it's not to say, and I think this is very important. It's not to say that
a canceled game will never show up again. Metroid Dread is calling. Ring, ring. You just saw that
a couple of weeks ago. That was a canceled game. I was going to say Star Fox 2. Oh, there you go.
There's another one. Absolutely. So it's not that canceled games will never see the light of day.
It's just it was. And how many of us had burned copies of Thrill Kill?
That was pretty much finished. Oh boy. No one special 77 in chat says odds are we'll see
Half-Life 3 before we see Tekken Cross Street Fighter. I have two answers for that. Number
one, you already saw Half-Life 3. It's called Half-Life Alyx. Number two, I actually think
you'll see Tekken Cross Street Fighter first, because I think it's interesting that this renewed
interest in it could be interesting. I'm not saying it's going to make just because this
happens is going to make it happen. But I do think there's kind of a renewed interest in it. And
you never know. You never know. Like I said, nothing gets canceled forever. But I do think
Half-Life 3 just isn't happening at this point or Half-Life exists in other stories such as Half-Life
Alyx that they did not want to call Half-Life 3 because then people would have been blue in the
face angry about Half-Life 3 as VR only. So anyway, compliment from a fifth dream in your
chat on your nails saying nice color. Thank you for the podcast, folks. Dark Soccer showed off
her nails on cam, which were I was kind of painting them because they were looking kind of
gross. So is that like a metallic purple? I can't. It's hard for me. It's actually a holographic
purple. OK, so it it'll it'll be all hollow when it's dried. OK, very cool. All right. Let's move
on. I think we have Dark Soccer with another story. We do. And it's another Whopper. All
right, everybody, time to whip out your brain. Well, not literally. Well, there are people who
to to quote the the scarecrow, a lot of people without brains do an awful lot of talking.
Was it was anyway, wasn't that the ending to Hannibal? Moving on. No, I don't remember. I
didn't watch actually I didn't watch Hannibal. I just watched, you know, Silence of Lambs.
I did because I love Julianne more. And I remember just thinking the whole time what.
Anyway, so there are different things that gaming can do to your brain.
Now, they bring up World of Warcraft for a big one, for people who are addicted to their MMOs,
right? But there's a reason people call it World of Warcrack, right? And now you remember when I
was playing it, I was way into it. I did nothing but play well. I think we were kind of all in
that at one point, right? Addict. Well, yeah, but we were kind of addicted to it, right?
A little bit. Yeah, I think so. But it is. So I'm going to go through different things for
video games and we're going to start with addiction. So Mark, I think it's Palau,
who has a PhD in cognitive neuroscience. He says that one aspect to understand how addictions work
is the reward system of the brain. The reward system mediates how pleasant stimuli, such as
the presence of food, water, social interaction, blah, blah, blah, acts as positive reinforcers
for the behavior. So when we're exposed to that pleasurable thing, we want it more and more,
like with a drug, right? And so there's now support groups for recovering from video game
addiction, or from being addicted to MMOs and stuff, right? So they are now going into
the quick hits, more like the instant dopamine, right? So talking about things like Fortnite,
where your games are quick like that, for us, even Dead by Daylight, what these do
is it's going to give you just that quick release of dopamine. The neurotransmitter that goes,
oh, happy, happy brain, happy. And then after, you know, your match and whichever game that
you're playing, you know, the more dopamine that gets released, the better you feel and
the greater your desire to play another. So. I have absolutely noticed the effect of Dead
by Daylight specifically since you brought that up. Not so much on the brain part that you're
talking about, but my heart rate, because, you know, when you wear one of these smartwatches,
it's taking your heart rate all the time. And I absolutely notice when I'm playing survivor
matches that are intense, I'm getting chased and, you know, and all that stuff. Like I look at my
log and I can tell what points of the day I was playing Dead by Daylight because my heart rate
literally goes up. It's fascinating. I should check what mine is, is killer.
Yeah. Same thing happens to me is killer. I don't feel much the same way. I just get angry,
insulting. You should add it to your streams, like add it as a thing. I used to do that with EDR.
So with mine, like with my Fitbit, they have a Bluetooth thing. You're supposed to be able to
sync it to your PC and be able to display that. And I do a screen capture, but that never worked.
So I had to always screen. I had my phone with the app open and then I had a piece of software
that screen captured the phone and put it into a window and I screen captured that and added
to OBS. And so that actually worked for DDR, but I mean, that would probably work for Dead
by Daylight too. Yeah. Interesting.
Well, I know that there are ways of, I mean, you can, you can definitely have your,
there's ways of streaming your iPhone, for example, and your watch syncs directly to your iPhone.
So just saying, but anyway, going into a little bit more about that.
There, there, this, this level of research that they're doing is still clearly in its infancy,
like very early. And, you know, the biggest things that people are in power anywhere focusing on is
that aspect of addiction. You know, they're always wanting to control what makes people happy,
but, and also they do it under the guise of, is this good for people, for example. And I agree
there are like legit places that are afraid of, of how it's going to affect the brain,
but it can also be a really good tool for improving your cognitive skills.
Now for when the research began in the nineties, the biggest thing that they were talking about
was neuroplasticity, which is a process where the brain changes and adapts when exposed to new
experiences. And the biggest thing, of course, they were talking about was hand-eye coordination.
You know, for example, how if, you know, when they were using Doom and Team Fortress to,
to do the test with, they published in 2016 of Scientific American, that individuals,
I'm going to quote here, individuals who regularly play action games demonstrate
improved ability to focus on visual details using useful for reading a fine print,
illegal document or on a prescription bottle. They also display heightened sensitivity to
visual contrast important when driving in thick fog, the multitasking required to switch back
and forth between reading a menu and holding a conversation with the dinner partner also comes
more easily. Video with this Wired article that I'm getting a lot from actually put some of that
into action with a light board where people have to hit the lights as they pop up.
And of course the pro gamer was better than the casual gamer.
So there's also from a Ted talk called Your Brain on Video Games. They talk about how
instead of, you know, what parents are saying that their kids are becoming a virtual zombie,
it's, it's boosting their brain activity. There's also another study from UC Irvine that showed that
3D games can improve functioning of the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain
that is used in learning and memory. Researchers from Queen Mary University of London and University
College London found that video games can aid mental agility and enhance strategic thinking,
which also, you know, goes back to a UX designer and gamer named James Mitchell who stated that
his critical thinking and strategy improved and he finds it easier to predict certain movements.
I've even noticed just with me getting back into playing like Dead by Daylight
that my reaction time in driving is better. Like I was on my breaks like really, really quickly
when someone, not someone, but it was a dog ran out in front of me in the neighborhood. I mean,
I was on it. I really felt that it was faster than how I might have been before. You know,
despite having almost broken my hand, I've found that I'm quick to find things that are out of
place. Like when my glasses fell off my bedside table, normally I'm fumbling around for a little
bit, but I happened to catch just a pale glint of light off of them in the dark and I found my
glasses. And I don't know, I want to say that my ability to notice things, and I already had a
pretty decent ability to see things that a lot of people around me didn't see, but I think that's
gotten even better. So maybe there was something to that whole hand-eye coordination argument we
used to use with our parents on why video games were good. Exactly. And I'm on top. Yeah. Well,
and the research is showing that you can become mentally more resilient, a faster thinker,
and even smarter in general, in real life. Oh, there was another one in there that also was
referring to the physical effects on the body as well. Like they had them play, do this thing
where you have to keep tapping on a green dot no matter what the voice you're hearing through
headphones is telling you. And that it actually builds up an anxiety response and the body reacts
to that. Your heart's racing by the time you're done with it. And just, and you were like, you
were saying with noticing your heart rate, you know, with your Apple watch. They're in these
experiences that we're having that are building the brain. Our bodies are physically reacting to
it. Now it's not going to be a replacement for taking a walk or lifting weights or doing some
physical activity, but your body is still building from it as well as your brain. So keep that in
mind. Um, I really liked this comment from Questbuster in our chat over twitch.tv slash
vog network, who says one story I like to go back to on games benefiting mental health is from a
story I dug up from the eighties when a psychologist related their experience on using wizardry
to help troubled children break out of their shells when they talked about the characters
they made, uh, clarifying wizard, the CRPG, not actual wizardry. Yo wizard Questbuster.
I don't know, but I'm oddly thinking of the episode of supernatural where the kid doesn't
want to talk to Sam or Dean. And so, uh, Garth brings out his sock puppet. Um, and the kid will
talk to the sock puppet. Hey, since you brought it up before we go to our next story, cause I
know somebody is going to ask cause I've seen it on our vog network discord. I'm not sure how often
you're you're in there, but somebody had tagged you in a, um, there's a supernatural prequel in
the works. Your thoughts quickly. All right. So I'm going to put it this way. I would probably
check it out. Okay. Yeah. But there are all these people up in arms over their dad being super
abusive because he was taking out his trauma and pain and ignoring his kids and treating them like
something. I'm not going to get into that argument. I, I could say a lot about inherited trauma,
but, um, and tiger call, don't even bother telling me anything about the supernatural
thing and how the actors reacted because I saw it. Um, I know that, uh, Jared posted his,
he played Sam posted his surprise and dismay at not having been told about it because the
production company behind this is owned by Jensen Ackles and his wife, Danielle. Um,
they're the ones that are behind this, but you know, apparently they talked about things are
cool again and people are going to react to the way they're going to react. I mean, I,
it wouldn't be the first time somebody has blown up about something on the internet that they were
kind of pissed about and then kind of regretted it later. You know, this happens all the time
with movie remakes too. Like the original stars aren't consulted about the movie remakes. They
just find out in the papers like everyone else does, Oh, they're remaking this movie. I was
started in the eighties. Same, same thing. Well, and that's the, that's the thing about it,
you know, and I, there are groups in Twitter that I am, I'd say peripherally part of, but I am the
person that waits for fact. I try not to have an immediate emotional reaction to it. And I don't
look into it as a point as an excuse to attack somebody. There's no point in attacking somebody,
attacking a fucking character, attacking the actors, dragging people through the mud
over fiction. Don't say anything about it until it's out until you have something to actually
talk about. Okay. All right. Let's move on to our next story. Got to get it back to gaming.
I had to do the quick aside though, cause we all know you, you love Supernatural. And when I saw
that, uh, story this week, I was like, Ooh, I wonder what the opinion is. So, all right. Uh,
Loki. So, uh, it looks like that we're going to be getting an update to the X cloud, um,
game streaming. So before they were streaming that the quality of like, say an Xbox, uh, one level
of performance, but now it's actually going to be upgraded to Xbox series X quality. Um,
that's going to be going to Android and PC devices right now. Uh, they're still testing
the Xbox consoles, but that's nice to see that bump in quality though. Um,
especially with games like, you know, for the horizon five or in around the corner,
that should be pretty exciting. So, uh, yeah, looking forward to checking that out. I haven't
actually used the streaming, um, yet just because I have all of my stuff natively on my concert,
my PC, but sounds cool. I literally thought the cloud was already working this way is that was
the most surprising to me. I mean, I haven't been special enough to get a beta into this or
whatever. So I've been able to check it out myself, but I was kind of surprised it wasn't
already running on the series X quality. Why the hell wouldn't it? I like, it's just, it's, it's,
it's a little, I'm sorry. I mean, I don't, it's just a little shocking to me. It took them nine
months after the release of the console for, you know, the general public to put it on the cloud,
like way to demonstrate that the cloud is going to lag behind. I just, I think hopefully this is
the last sort of thing like this by Microsoft, because I sort of feel like if they want the
cloud to be competitive, the cloud has to be cutting edge and not lagging behind. It's just
weird to me. I don't understand why they did that approach. I don't know either testing, blah, blah,
blah, whatever. Maybe it could, it's just a little, little weird to me, but all right.
So, uh, you know, cause inevitably micro inevitably Microsoft will put out another
console, the series Y or a different, you know, a different family altogether.
Although they'll think of another dumb name for it, but yeah, it'll be something like that.
Whatever it is. If they really want to make impress people with it,
they really should put it on the cloud sooner so people can get a taste of it, honestly. But I,
that's just my opinion, I guess. So yeah. All right. Uh, moving on, let's talk about
the next Yakuza game. Uh, let's talk about that because, uh, I believe we know that there is a,
where there's different, um, series, you know, the Yakuza has got, uh, the, um, judgment kind
of spinoff that's going on now, because I believe the mainline games are going to follow a little
more in the tradition of like a dragon. Whereas the judgment games will go a little more in the,
um, the, the, the more traditional, uh, step. Um, so, uh, in the Yakuza series,
they've usually had playable versions of classic Sega games, and usually these are arcade classics.
However, lost judgment is going to be going a little different direction. Um, and, uh,
they're going to have a vintage master system to replace the pinball machine from the first game.
And I guess the master system actually, yeah. So, uh, the first menu you see, uh, it's an option
screen where you can like read the manual, change the region of the game. You can pause the game,
um, which I guess on the, and I didn't realize this on the original console, the pause was on
the console, not the controller. Um, but I guess, you know, thinking about old design,
it probably was that way. Uh, and then you see in the video Penguinland or Doki Doki Penguinland,
uh, before, uh, Takuya Kimura, uh, settles in to play Alex Kidd. So I think that's kind of
interesting. So, um, yeah, so, uh, lost judgment, of course, the sequel to 2019 judgment, uh,
and it's due out in September. So, you know, you can buy this new fancy Akusa game and play old
games in it to some extent. So weird that like a company would put their old catalog of games in
there without trying to sell it separately for more money. I mean, if only other larger companies
would take note of that and like, I don't know, offered in their game with animals and
town building, maybe that might be a good idea to do that and not be super greedy and just complete
dicks about it. I don't know. Well, Loki, I think the video game companies to that would say,
everything's about the bottom line.
I know, but what, what made us all check? I mean, at least for me, I guess I can't speak
for everyone, but what made me interested in animal crossing in the first play in the
very first place? Why did I give it, give a hoot about animal crossing on the game cube?
It was that little, little sticker right on the front that said comes with two classic NES games
and you can unlock many more that sold that game to me. And it's not necessarily that people are
going to like, I don't know why they're taking it as like, people are going to just not buy
the game now because they have it available in like another game to play. Like that's not the
case. Like, I don't think like, for example, with Yakuza, like a dragon, you know, I'm not
gonna, well, I'm not interested in virtual fighter. But like, if I was, I'm not gonna not
purchase like virtual fighter five. If you know, just because I can play it in a game,
it's inconvenient to do that just kind of a neat thing to be able to do that Sega is still selling
these games separately and collections that are available out there that you can purchase. I just
don't be greedy. Just come on. Like, I don't get it why they're doing this.
And Bobby, of course, and Chad is asking, have you played like a dragon yet? And sadly,
the answer is no. But that's because I'm kind of stretched on bandwidth right now. I can't,
I can't download any new games right now. We're like almost out of bandwidth. So either I just
have to suck it up and pay extra money or I'm going to try again next month. So that's a whole
other issue. Why? Why? We don't have, you know, two terabyte caps yet, but whatever.
Anyway, let's move on. Oh, I think this is an appropriate time after that story to get
into this segment.
Time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and
tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week. What is that classic game of the week?
Lemmings. Yes, I picked lemmings. I haven't done lemmings. I was surprised I haven't done lemmings
and it's been on fucking everything. I was really surprised. I swore we talked about
this game, but I guess we just talked about it. It wasn't highlighted. Yeah,
it's certainly not. And it's a game based off of something completely fabricated too.
So, because there was a study that was fabricated that said that lemmings will
follow each other off a cliff and into death and everything. And it was done in like,
oh gosh, what was it? Yeah, it was that they were driven to mass suicide when they,
uh, when they, uh, you know, go, it was, it was stupid. Anyway, so basically in Lemmings,
it's a puzzle. It's a puzzle game. It was originally developed by DMA design in Dundee,
Scotland and published by Psygnosis for the Amiga in 1991. So we have a 30 year old game.
Um, it was also ported for many, many, many, many, many other platforms. So it was also inspired
by an animation that was done with deluxe paint. So anyway, um, the objective of the game is to
take these anthropomorphized lemmings that look nothing like a lemming by the way, cause lemmings
are fucking adorable, um, do different obstacles to an exit. Um, you have to save a certain amount
of the lemmings to win. And if you want to think of like a more modern take on it, think of like
choo choo rocket. Uh, anyway, um, you, uh, assign different lemmings, one of eight different skills
that allow them to react with the landscape. So, um, it also affects the behavior of the
other lemmings that can make, uh, safe passages for them and all kinds of things. Um, it was the
second highest rated game for Strad. Um, and it was the eighth greatest game of all time by
next generation magazine as of 1996. And one of, again, one of the most widely ported and best
selling video games, um, for all of its various ports that sold over 200 million copies. Um,
there's sequels, remakes, spinoffs, inspired games, all kinds of stuff. Um, and it's, it's been
up there. Um, so at any rate, um, the original, um, the original game, uh, you had, uh, different
levels that had four difficulty categories and each level has a trap door opening from above that
releases a stream of lemmings to follow each other. And so, like I said before, you just have
to get them from point A to point B lemmings can die by falling from a great height, falling into
water or lava and disappearing off the bottom of the map, being caught in a trap or fire, um, or
being assigned to the bomber skill. Um, and, uh, every level of course has a time limit. If it's
down to zero, then it ends. So, uh, your levels of difficulty are, um, fun, tricky, taxing,
and mayhem. So I think that's pretty funny. There's also a, uh, two player mode, 22 player levels,
um, that actually took advantage of the Amiga's ability to support two simultaneous mice.
And then of course with the, uh, later on with the Atari's ability to, uh, play with a mouse
and joystick simultaneously. So, uh, you can, you know, do your own lemmings, you have their own
base, um, and you have to get more of more lemmings regardless of color into one's own base
than the other player. So you can actually lemming snipe. So, um, as for the development of the game,
it was, uh, uh, meant to just be a, just a fun little thing, but it was inspired by that one
little, uh, eight by eight pixel box. It was you using deluxe paint and it's just of a little
dude with blue hair walking. Um, and so, uh, it was actually as part of a development for
a game called Walker, which was supposed to be a sequel to a game called blood money.
Um, but as they went through, you know, they, uh, ended up just going with games with, with
their game and they kept going and there we go. We have a lemmings. I'm not going to go like way
into the history. If you want to know more about it, there's a, uh, a documentary, um, called the
lemming story and from 2006, you can all watch. Um, so going, going back then, so going into the
various, various assistance, um, there were released for Atari ST Sinclair spectrum, uh,
the ZX spectrum PC SNES. Um, after the game was ported to 20 systems, um, David Jones, who was,
uh, in part behind this, uh, basically steady, stop counting. Um, for other ones, other commercial
ports, we've had the 3dio, the acorn, the Archimedes, the, uh, apple two GS, uh, the
Macintosh and as in the old Macintosh, the CDTV, Commodore 64 NES master system, Genesis,
turbo graphics, 16 Phillips CDI and sharp X 68,000. Um, and then there was an open source cross
platform clone in 1998 called pingas P I N G U S. Um, psychosis has continuously owned
the license for lemming. And then of course now Sony owns it, but, um,
uh, but when of course, uh, signosis closed that made it fully owned by Sony. And so they've done
more modern remakes. We have lemmings for PSP done by team 17 has the original levels and a
bunch of others and data pack support. Um, there were, uh, you can make your own user levels
through a lemmings online community. There was, uh, uh, another one, uh, for PS2 that used the
eye toy. Um, how did they would mention the eye toy again? Huh? Uh, team 17 also did one for PS3
through the PlayStation network. Um, very similar to the PSP title. Um, but of course it doesn't
have the ability to, uh, create and share levels. And then there's lemmings touch for PS Vita. Um,
that was done, uh, by, uh, it says by, uh, D3 T limited and then a sad puppy from Sony did a mobile
friendly version of lemmings for iOS and Android in 20 teen. There were a bunch of expansions for
the original called. Oh no, more lemmings was one of them. It was Christmas lemmings. Um, of course
the Christmas lemmings. Yeah. Yeah. Um, there, uh, in fact, uh, where I'm reading everything from
has a picture of the floppy, the three, the three and a half or three and a quarter. Sorry. Um,
there, uh, I mean, they're just basically so many, many, many, many. So we'll, we'll go into some of
the, the post original. So lemmings to the tribes, uh, all new world, all new world of lemmings,
um, 3d lemmings lemmings revolution. Um, there was also lemmings paintball in 1996 and the
adventures of Lomax. There were the clones, like the humans, um, pingas was when I mentioned
earlier, there is a game called, uh, mouse craft that borrows from lemmings and Tetris.
Um, and then, uh, there we go. So we've also had, uh, I mean, just lots of people reference it. I
mean, in, uh, uh, the first Warcraft game, they, uh, were inspired in part by the lemmings versus
mode, um, including also with, uh, the lost Vikings. Um, and then, uh, Terry Pratchett,
you know, um, one of the great authors, um, in his novel, interesting times, uh,
he had an army of golems that was used the way that the lemmings were used the same interface.
Um, and then he said, uh, merely because the red army can fight, dig, March and climb,
and is controlled by little icons. Can't imagine how anyone thought that not only did I wipe
lemmings from my hard disk, I override it. So I couldn't get it back. And there you go. Oh, also
the Royal mail had, uh, lemmings, uh, stamps in 2020 to pay tribute to the UK's, uh, video
game industry. And on that note lemmings. All right. There it is a true classic, uh,
one notable on stamps overseas, uh, lemmings. I, you know, I gotta admit, like I, I knew this
series, um, you know, it kind of faded away. I didn't realize how recent they were still making
these games. When you brought up like the Vita, I was like, I don't remember that having a Vita
game, but, um, I do remember this game was absolutely huge when it first came out. I
remember playing it. I remember downloading that Christmas lemmings. Uh, I think there was a,
a multi-stage demo or something that was on a BBS. And I remember, cause I don't think it
was the whole game, but I remember downloading like a Christmas lemmings thing from a gamer,
like I think had it, uh, maybe, I don't know, but like, you know, something like that. Yeah.
This game was, it was called holiday lemmings. Oh, maybe. Oh yeah. Well that would make sense too.
But, um, yeah. So it's just, it's just one of those things. It's like, yeah, it was a really
Epic part of like nineties gaming history, especially on a computer, even though they
put it out on every console out there as you kind of got into, uh, I kind of always considered it
a PC game. I think it was a super Nintendo game because it supported this. I think it was one of
the few games that supported that SNES mouse. Like you didn't need it, but I think it supported it
and it was certainly much better for having it. So, um, yeah. Orange right in chats has probably
played this on one of those shareware filled CDs back in the day. I'm positive that's where
Christmas lemmings was hiding out, man. But, um, yeah, what a throwback, what a, what a great,
great, um, game from history. Have any of y'all ever seen what an actual lemming looks like?
Oh, it's not, they're not blue with green hair. That's for sure. They're
no, they're these adorable, cute little tiny rodents. They're so freaking cute.
Like I can't get over it. So I have a very fun and embarrassing story that taught that
directly ties into what this game can't wait. Do it. So back in the early nineties,
for some reason, I was, uh, I had actually a fan site for lemmings and actually,
so I, well, it wasn't necessarily for the game. So like, here's the, here's,
here's the thing. Like I found that I could draw them kind of pretty easy. You know,
it's a pretty difficult, it's not difficult. So I was drawing a bunch of them. And so I
actually had a fan site with like my, uh, artwork that I put out there that was on like
geo cities or something like way back in the day. But yeah, the lemmings continent was,
I think you can probably still find it actually on the way back machine and stuff like that.
But yeah, that was a long time ago. I did that and actually embarrassingly enough. Um,
there was an, like a film festival or something like that, that Sega had went through. And I
remember talking to them or like somebody that worked for Sega about like pitching a game idea
or something like a sequel to all that stuff, even though they have no rights to it at all.
And I don't know why I thought that would work out, but like,
I don't know, I was obsessed for awhile, but I have artwork that at the time I thought was
pretty good. It's all right. I still have it saved, you know, um, uh, printed out. I don't
know if I have the files anymore, but, um, yeah, that was kind of like my early high school was
that kind of stuff. I love that. I had a websites in college dedicated to female musicians. There
was like four different ones and one of them was on MTV and yeah, let's try and find it. I know
that I think it's out there actually, because it was called the lemmings continent. So that's what
it was called. It was not a web, it wasn't like a.com or anything like that. It was, uh, I don't
remember what the URL was, but that that's what it was called, but you can probably find it on
the way back machine. Um, I don't remember if it was like a Yahoo site or something like that,
but I know I found it at one time cause I got copies of the artwork. I think it's still out
there, but yeah, I had my own embarrassing websites too. So I had one about Julia Chang
and Tekken three. Oh, that's true. And I had one and I had one, uh, this was that, well,
that one was geo cities and then I had one through AOL. That was, um, my absolute shipping of, uh,
Ryoga and Ukyo from Ronwell. I love that. I mean, it's, yeah, the, the, the old websites
are embarrassing, but at the same time for me, it's like, well, you know, those, uh,
those musicians really impacted me during a very difficult time in my life. So I'm,
I'm not actually embarrassed by it, but it is just a little silly. You know, it's, it's silly.
I think it's a good way for me, for me. Um, yeah. Dark soccer and chat says geo shitties.
I think I, so I do. Okay. So I did find a link that someone had posted like in an old tripod
site because they had linked to it. Um, but I, so I have the old URL, so you have to go in the way
back machine, but I'll post it in chat. All right. I love that. Our old Rocky horror site,
uh, was on a geo cities, our old cast website. It's great. Yeah. It was an old geo city site,
but that, yeah, there it is. And then, um, I think on the way back machine, you can see some
of the artwork, which now is all right. I thought I did. All right. I was excited about it. All
right. Let's move on. It's very matrixy, which is really, it doesn't really early nineties. What
you, all right. Actually it wasn't the movie 99. So there'll be late nineties. Oh, it was,
I think, I don't remember, but yeah, it was, it's very much like that.
I'm most positive. The matrix came out in 99. Cause I saw it with friends in college.
I wasn't in high school. I don't remember. I have to find out now. 1999. Yep. That's what
I thought. Yeah. The original matrix was 1999. Maybe you were just ahead of your time.
Logie. I think I saw it right before, you know, right after I moved out here.
All right. Anyhow, let's move up. Orange. Right. It says, yep. It's on the way back machine and
here's the receipts. Oh, I can't wait to look at this. Oh yes. And then I got my,
yeah, there's my artwork. It's here. This background. Well, Hey, that, that was,
that was the, the, uh, yeah. Uh, orange. Right. And Chad says it even has a section for encounters
with stupid people. The original FUs of the week. Yes. I remember that now. Oh gosh. Yeah. People
found my old personal websites and no, I'm not even giving you an EMS, but found my personal
website. So like my angsty poetry and shit, I'd probably die, but is when I had data files,
like this is where I actually had a edit data and stuff like that. And, or I did at one point.
Oh, they're cute. Yeah. So that was, that was, that was fun times when that was my kind of
getting used to working. I think I was back with corral draw, like, or yeah, it's corral draw.
It was what we had in our art class. So that was kind of just stuff I was just messing around with
and everything. But yeah, I had a character named suicide, Bob, which is completely inappropriate.
He has Pikachu's face on it. Uh, but he was a stick of dynamite that would keep resurrecting
himself kind of like, uh, predating, um, Kenny from South park, but that was, that was that
character. But yeah, it was fun times. Glad you got the, got the witness of my artwork.
And now we're going to be digging through this website. All right. All night. All right. We've
always reading your first stupid person story. Oh gosh. I don't even know. There's so many.
We need to break things up and, uh, travel ag, you bring up DDR on here though. So this was
still going when you first like this. Oh, wow. I made this when I was 20. I thought it was so
much younger. You probably ended this right before OLR started. So that's kind of a fun relic. All
right. Uh, anyway, let's move on. We got to keep moving with the show, get some rapid fire news.
So Loki, if you want to change the topic, here's your chance. Yeah. So let's talk about space jam.
Uh, so the space jam is getting a video game, or at least a SQL is. So they actually had a contest,
that kind of posed the question of what do you think a space jam video game would look like? So
they'd had fans submitting artwork and stuff. And so they based on that, the developers at
digital clips decided to go ahead and create a game that kind of looks like an old arcade beat
them up. So they have that. And that'll be coming out pretty soon on a game pass ultimate and all
the other platforms looks like July 1st. So space jam, a new legacy for that. And then tie in with
the Xbox portion of that they're actually going to be doing a goon squad tune squad and some other
random I don't know what it's supposed to be controllers that you can actually purchase,
I think through the Microsoft store and Amazon for a limited time starting July 8th. But yeah,
and then it's going to be free to play or alt it's coming to game pass ultimate July 1st free
to play for everyone else July 15. So check that out. Another cool piece of tie in stuff is this
brand new Sonic the Hedgehog DLC for Minecraft, Minecraft bedrock that is. So it's actually it's
not just like skinning Minecraft to, you know, kind of Sonic kind of how they had with the
Super Mario stuff. But it actually changes the gameplay quite a bit like you're actually playing
it kind of like Sonic the Hedgehog. So that's pretty awesome. And they've got like the Green
Hill zone, chemical plants zone, lots of other hidden things you can find in there. So worth
checking out if you have Minecraft. It looks pretty, pretty expansive. You know, before we
get to dark soccer stories now my brain is going to see having seen Loki's old website. I think a
fun bonus. I'm not saying I'm not committing to this idea. But I'm just saying maybe I might be
down for this. A fun bonus stream might be dramatic readings of our old live journal posts.
You don't a lot of mine were private for a reason, Rob.
I'm not saying everybody has to participate. I'm just saying it's an it's an idea.
All right, maybe so you could you could use one of your old websites. You don't necessarily have
to use LiveJournal. You know, I don't I don't even remember what I called those websites.
Yeah. All right. All right. How about some rapid fire news?
All right. Well, speaking of Sonic, Netflix is working on a new Sonic show
that's called Sonic Prime. And the thing is that there's a leak about it of some of the concept
artwork that came from Patrick Horan's ArtStation profile. He's a visual development and environment
artist. He's worked on Rev and Roll and the Last Inspector Gadget series. And he worked freelance
for studio Wild Brain that worked with Sega and Netflix for that series. And so we have an Eggman.
We have Sonic hiding. We have him apparently doing the Fortnite dance. And we have a prehistoric Amy
Rose. And portals. Hmm. So. We'll see. All right. Looks I mean, it looks interesting.
If this is the style they go with for the art, I really, really do think it's great.
Neat. And then in other news, one of my favorite ever series is getting a version for PS4 Switch,
PC and arcade. Yay. And it is Superlative Night Dreams, Cotton Rock and Roll.
And for anyone who doesn't know what Cotton is, it starts as this cute little witch and her name
is Nata de Cotton. And she's addicted to this bad tasting candy called Willow. And so she enlists
the aid of fairies and by enlist, I mean, she basically traps them and make them work for her.
To go retrieve all the willow. That's only part of it. But anyway, success is the company behind
it. And like I said, it's going to be out for PS4, Switch, PC and arcade. The PS4 and Switch
versions will be out December 23rd in Japan for 6380 yen. PC version winter between 2021 and 2022
and arcade version between summer fall 2021. There's also going to be a 30th anniversary
special edition that will be 10,780 yen. So about a hundred and five hundred and six bucks
that has a Nata de Cotton nendroid, the Cotton Complete Works book and the Cotton Rock and Roll
original CD. So I am super happy about that. And pre-orders are already available in Japan at
7net and Yobodashi. So if you're going to import it, there you go. Also confirmed is a cotton,
silk and applique pumpkin. Yes, their names are all based on clothing and tailoring.
One other piece of rapid fire news I want to insert in here before we get to world release
dates. I want to remind everybody that the Summer Games Done Quick Marathon is coming up this week.
It actually starts on July 4th, which ironically, I should also mention to the listeners,
we will not be here next week. We're not going to have a live show next week because the holiday
here in the States, we couldn't really get our schedules to match up. And that's OK. It's a
holiday anyway. So I imagine a lot of you guys will be out doing things, especially, you know,
now that more and more places and things are opening, you're probably or at least doing maybe
a small gathering or something like that. I don't know. But yeah, so we're not gonna be here live.
But of course, the Summer Games Done Quick Marathon starts on the 4th and runs through the
10th or 11th. I can't remember the date off my head, but I do know our very own Bobby Blackwolf
is going to be participating as one of the announcers as he has been for a few of those now,
at least a year, all the virtual ones. So I know he's doing the overnights, I think on the 5th.
And then I think a lot of you guys are going to hear him when he does the big finale,
Kingdom Hearts 2. He's going to be announcing during that. Of course, it is about the speed
runners and their commentators that they have on the virtual couch. So, you know, Bobby's there to
get the donators read and all that stuff. So the real stars of the show are the speed runners,
the charities. But it's pretty cool to kind of know somebody that's very involved with that.
Absolutely. Bobby also with a big tip here. If you use hashtag VOG Network at the end of your
donation during his shift, you have a higher chance. I want to underline bold, italicize,
chance of getting it read or excuse me, of getting it to Bobby to potentially get read.
But do not mention VOG, OLR, Bobby's podcast or anything that could be seen as self-promotion,
because again, it's about the charity and about the speed runners. I even know because I donated
two cycles ago and I think I made a joke about oh, I put the donator as Mr. Smoosh.
I said that was the donator and it didn't get read. So there was that. I guess somebody thought,
you know, it could be an entendre for something. I don't know, because I guess smoosh could mean
sex or something. I don't know. Anything can mean sex. Right. And then but last time I used
the hashtag and I just put a very generic like, you know, go, you know, actually, no,
it wasn't generic because I think I actually referenced something that was going on in the
speed run. I think I did it during the acoustic speed run and just tried to keep a positive and
it made it to Bobby and got read. So that was cool. The football baby. Yeah. Yeah. The rugby
baby rugby baby. Yeah. That whole thing. That was hilarious, by the way. Yeah. Bobby says don't use
anything that might be an inside joke. That was the mistake I made. Although I don't think Mr.
Smoosh is a joke. Mr. Smoosh is a real person. But I get it. I get it. Why that wasn't picked.
And also there was no no hashtag thing back then. So I probably didn't even make it to Bobby's desk.
So anyway, there you go. A little tip for you guys if you're going to be donating. But again,
I was stressed. Bobby is under no obligation to read them and they are under no obligation to send
them to him. If you're going to donate money, you're doing it because you appreciate the
charity. I think that's that's what it's really all about. So I just want to underline bold
italicize that disclaimer. OK, so there we go. No show next week. Summer games done quick.
Try to think of any other housekeeping I forgot at the top of the show. I don't think so.
So let's move on to world release dates. We'll start in the US. Loki.
So we've got Destroy All Humans coming out for Nintendo Switch. Disgaea 6, Defiance of Destiny,
also for Nintendo Switch. Ghoul Patrol on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Also with that, Zombies Ate My Neighbors on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We've got Sky Children of the Light on Nintendo Switch. Wonder Boy, Asha in Monster World on PC.
And last but not least, Doki Doki Literature Club Plus on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X. I cannot believe we're in the year 2021 and we
just had Zombies Ate My Neighbors red as a new release this week. That's so exciting.
All right. Going to Japan on the Nintendo Switch, we have Summer Pockets, Reflection
Blue is out this week, as well as Moshi Kashite Obaki no Shattika for Nintendo Switch
is also coming out this week. Those, of course, are Nintendo Switch releases.
On the PlayStation 5, I don't think we have anything coming out besides maybe a peripheral,
an official wireless charger, if you want that. Cool. Otherwise, on the PlayStation 4,
also nothing. It's a pretty slow week in Japan this week. Those Nintendo Switch releases are
all you get. How about the UK Dark Soccer? Okay. I'm going to have to, because the way
the site is done, I'm going to have to just break it up and read it a little bit differently. But
on the 29th, we have Destroy All Humans for Switch. We get Curbed Space,
uh, Evil Inside on the 30th, Greed Fall Gold Edition, ATV Drift and Tricks, and Distrust,
looks like a big old box set of it. And then on the first, which is Winds a Day, actually nothing
on the first. On the second, we have Red Wings Aces of the Sky, Mask Maker for PlayStation,
Evergate. We have Nightmare Boy, Do Not Feed the Monkeys, Beholder Complete Edition,
Collector's Edition. Goodness. And then that's it for this week. I could also point out the
week after. Sure. Oh yeah. We weren't going to be here next week anyway, so sure. Yes. So we have
In Nightmare, Dark Alliance, Oddworld Soulstorm, those are all on the sixth. On the eighth,
we have Farmers vs Zombies. We have Monster Hunter Stories 2, Wings of Ruin on the ninth,
Dungeons of Nihilebek, I guess, the Amulet of Chaos,
Vampire the Masquerade, the Coteries of New York, and Shadows of New York.
I, uh, and then some Harvest Moon and some other stuff.
All right. All right. Let's get through some more stories and then we'll get to your comments from
the listeners in our, uh, some of the stories you've placed in our Discord throughout the week,
as well as our mailbag. Participate at orangeonshooter.com and of course,
live comments from chats. Uh, but for now, let's get to a few more stories starting with Loki.
Yeah. So there was this lawsuit and this sounds awfully familiar to me, but, uh, Booker T,
who, uh, his... The wrestler?
Yes, the wrestler. So Booker T Huffman, who had a wrestler or a character that he did
back in his early wrestling days called GI Bro. Uh, apparently he was saying that that character
was kind of stolen by Activision to use in Call of Duty Black Ops 4. So they have a character named
Prophet, which kind of looks similar. Um, so unfortunately though, the, uh, jury didn't see
it that way. They figured that it isn't an exact license or likeness, but I re they remember,
like, not even that long ago, we talked about another issue where the characters like this
was taken for Call of Duty game as well. And they had actually shot somebody, you know,
with similar, basically the same actress with the same get, you know, outfit and everything
also for Call of Duty likeness. So it's like kind of seeing a trend here a little bit,
the kind of just skirt and, you know, let's make it look just like the character,
but just enough so we don't get sued. Dude, the faces though, uncannily
similar. Yeah, it is. And, but once again, I think it's just one of those, like, we're
going to use the likeness without, you know, just making it different enough.
Plaintiff does not own the idea of an angry man with a scowling look. I'm sorry. That made me
laugh. Yeah. So they probably just didn't have a strong enough case, but it does seem to be like
a trend that, you know, the stuff that they're getting away with. I, I feel that they're getting
away with, but we'll see. I don't know. I'm sure this is not the last of these types of
cases we're going to hear in a courtroom. So, I mean, go back to the top of the show.
We're talking about, you know, completely, uh, going to the extent of lifting somebody's voice.
I mean, you know, anyway. All right. Um, well, moving on, let's talk about, um, this is pretty
big news for the Blizzard crowd this week. If you're a fan of Blizzard games, um, you probably
are very excited to hear that Overwatch is now cross-play. I mean, a great idea to pump some
life into a game that's, uh, I don't want to say is dying, but a game that's probably showing its
age. It's been around for a few years. Hasn't really had any big updates in a while because
obviously they're working on Overwatch 2. That is the big update that's going to be coming later.
Um, but this is a pretty big deal to, uh, get more people excited about Overwatch and revisiting
and shorten the time to find a match. I'm sure because Overwatch is now cross-play
between PC, PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch, which means for the first time,
console players can see chat. And I bet a lot of them are very sad about that and wish they could
turn this feature off. I think actually you probably can. Uh, because if you want it,
yeah, if you want to enable cross-play, you do have to make a battle net account, which, um,
I'm sure many people already have. If you are a PC gamer at all, and you've ever played something
like Diablo, World of Warcraft, Starcraft. Your console gamer that had the play doom,
you know, I think you had to do that as well. You're thinking of a Bethesda account, but
sorry. Yeah. Similar, similar train of thought, but yes, different. Um, so do you have to have
a battle net account for call of duty? So there's probably a lot of people have that.
Um, I don't know about consoles. Um, it's, it's the official shop on PC, but I don't know about
consoles. So, but anyhow, battle net is where you do need to make an account if you don't already
have one. Um, and then, uh, PC and console players will be able to join matches together for
quick play arcade and custom. However, competitive will still not match. And I'm assuming that's a
keyboard mouse versus controller thing. Um, but anyhow, uh, what they say about the match
making process for competitive games, competitive players will be split into two pools, depending
on the system, console players and PC players for balanced purposes, PC players and console players
will not be mixed in the same pool for competitive matches. And I'm pretty sure they're just not
saying the reason why, but I think, I think I got just explained it. So, uh, anyhow, uh, it does not
unlock shared progression among consoles. So your cosmetic and your stats are still locked to
whatever platform they will not transfer. Um, also there was a patch that increases the amount of
damage that some heroes deal on console to try to, uh, bring a little parody with the PC version.
That's very interesting. So, uh, yeah. Anyway, it's been five years since Overwatch first came
out, just as a reminder. So five years later, we finally get cross play. I guess I should check
that out at some point, to be honest. Um, Mike Deft in chat says, that's the only thing I'm really
mad about. No cross progression seems dumb. I do agree. It's right there, but the queue times now
are instant. Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm sure it opened it up a lot more for sure. For sure. It's also
irritating to me that, you know, dead by daylight has the cross play, but not the cross progression
unless you're talking, I think stadia and PC is it, you know, it's a very limited set of everything
that it supports. Technically it's specifically stadia and steam. Oh, thank you. Yes. The other,
the other services don't do it like a windows store. Yes. Thank you for calling that out
because you're absolutely right. Cause I think it's ridiculous that windows game stories and
cross platform with steam, what the hell cross progression anyway. Yeah. I, I, if we pay for
this stuff, it should be able to go between the consoles. It really should. I mean, I somewhat
understand Freddy and, uh, the shape and some of the licensed killers and maybe survivors,
but the original ones, nah, that should, that should all be cross progression. But anyway,
that's another argument. Uh, moving on dark Sakura. So, um, we, we like to point out when
really old shit goes for a lot of money, right? Well, a game called air raid that was out on the,
uh, Atari 2,600 sold for over $10,000. Um, it, uh, basically, uh, an e-commerce item processor
who is at a four, uh, named Alex Juarez, who is at, uh, Fort worth, Texas based, uh,
Goodwill center found a copy of air raid. Um, that was published for the Atari 2,600 in 1982 by men
a vision. Um, it was very limited. Only 13 copies are known to exist. And so, uh, he,
he would just go into the Atari games as they came in and he took it. Well, I mean, I guess he,
I mean, I don't know if he took it, maybe he bought it from them, but yeah, something like
that. Um, a complete edition previously sold for $33,433 and 30 cents in 2012. And another
cartridge only sold on eBay for 3,575. So this is now Goodwill's highest selling piece item.
Oh, I guess the Goodwill sold it. So I hate that they got the money. They do some shitty
things to their employees, but bonds, double a six and chat says, shit air raid. I recall playing
that game. Well, hold on because there were some very similar sounding games, uh, river raid being
one of them. And Atari had an original called air C battle that my brain thought this game was at
first, but air raid was a very specific, it was a blue cartridge that was very funky kind of shape
to it. And that's what made it so unique. Um, and I, you just said there were like a limited
number of these, right? So, um, you may, you may, if you have played one, that's very impressive,
but, um, you may be confusing it with another Atari 2,600 classic. That's very similar sounding.
So, all right. Uh, yeah. Uh, no one special says, uh, the game was sky blue and had a handle,
right? Yep. Yep. Yep. So, uh, dark to see it says, yeah, that's the only downside is the Goodwill.
Um, I thought it was neat to see something super rare, just randomly pop up like that. Hell yeah.
Like, you know, if I happen to walk by a garage sale, I'm always going to kind of peak and see
if there's any video games, you know, not that I'm like intentionally looking to flip them,
but I'm just looking for like, Ooh, is there something fun in here that I just want to buy
that? Oh, maybe, you know, some I can get, I want it so no one else can have it.
This is mine. Uh, moving on Logie.
So this is one of those unfortunate updates that, um, we see from time to time with different games
that come out. So apparently Marvel's Avengers had received an update where for a brief period of
time, it was not only displaying your username in game, but it was also displaying a string
afterwards, which included your IP address. And so that's obviously a problem if, you know,
users are having their IP address exposed to other players. Um, so thankfully, though, they did,
they were able to patch this to fix the problem, but it's still kind of embarrassing that it was a
problem in the first place. Yeah, that's a pretty major thing. And I can't believe they had to
actually send a thing to like tell streamers, don't play this because, uh, you're not going
to like the side effects of it. Basically. It's kind of sad. Yeah. Yeah. Very unfortunate. Yeah.
They did. And Dr. C says, I did hear that it was finally fixed a few days after it was discovered.
Yes. But that's still a few days that you have a very unfortunate side effect there in the game.
Very, very, yeah. Especially if you didn't notice it, if you weren't paying attention to,
you know, the text on there. I mean, it's just, that could be bad. All right. Well,
lastly, hopefully there will be no, um, side effects, uh, for folks doing this. This is,
uh, PAX West has declared they will be in person this year. Um, so PAX West, of course,
you all know this gaming convention, it's going to be happening in person in September,
and that was announced via press release. Um, and then, uh, tickets will be going on sale,
$230 for the whole four day weekend, $60 for individual day passes. Um, now of course they
are saying that there will be different, um, you know, it's going to be a little bit different,
uh, that there'd be doing attendance limitation. And I believe I read something about masking as
well. Um, Oh yes. Uh, they did say the packs organizers did say in a tweet, uh, if COVID-19
remains a major barrier to safely gathering at one of our shows, we won't do it, or we will take it
virtual as much as we miss even crave the togetherness and magic of packs. We will not put
attendees exhibitors or our guests at risk for the sake of an event. If things aren't on the up and
up, um, as I think we got into last year in 2020, a lot of these companies are contractually
obliged to do something, um, or they could lose everything for good. So, um, I, this comes as no
surprise to me that packs is happening, um, dragon cons the same weekend. And as to, as of today,
uh, the plan is I'm going to dragon con. Um, but, uh, you know, again, I'm going to watch
everything and watch science most importantly. And if, uh, CDC comes out and says, don't do it,
then we won't do it. But for now we'll see. I'm I gotta say I was out and about in San Francisco
yesterday. And, uh, I, I was kind of surprised at how busy everything was. I had the Castro was
still full on in pride mode, even though there wasn't an official pride. So it was very
interesting. Yeah. So, um, but I'm vaccinated and, uh, that crowd pretty sure they're vaccinated too.
Um, sure. There's still a breakthrough risk. Um, but you know, you're taking a lot of risks
whenever you get out of bed. Um, and, uh, we know that vaccines work and vaccines will certainly,
um, unless you are, uh, older in your eighties, I think the average age is 83.
Uh, the vaccines will certainly prevent severe like death basically. So, um, yeah. So, I mean,
again, as it stands today, I don't see a problem with dragon con, but, um, I don't think it's
going to be the exact same as previous years. I think I will still choose to wear a mask. Um,
and I hope nobody gives me shit for that because that's my choice. Um, especially when, when in
transit, basically when I'm walking from my hotel room to the panel room, I will wear a mask when
I'm in the panel room on stage. I probably won't because there's kind of a built-in social
distancing when you're sitting on a panel. So, uh, yeah. So, um, yeah. So anyway, lots of people,
uh, talking about this PAX West, I sort of feel like it's just going to work out. Like there's
enough people who are kind of like apprehensive about it that aren't going to go, but PAX wants
to lower the numbers anyway. So I kind of feel like that's going to balance out. I just think
the two crowds need to play nice. Like if people, if people don't want to go, then the people that
are going shouldn't like say, oh, why aren't you going? Did it? No, that's somebody's choice to
make at the same time. If somebody doesn't go, I don't think they need to be holier than thou
to the people that are going to go. Um, because again, vaccines exist and that's why we took them.
So we'll see. Um, going into our chat over twitch.tv slash a vog network, uh, pod culture
says my 99, almost 100 year old grandma is vaccinated. Good, good. And that I hope she,
she should have been one of the first ones to get it. I know my dad got vaccinated all the way back
in early February, but he's in his eighties. Um, so he was in that early group. Yeah. All right,
let's get to the listener round table. We are going to, uh, talk to you guys through various
methods that you can use to participate with our show. Um, I'll log into discord here in a minute
at vog network.com slash discord. But first I think we'll go to dark Sakura with our mail bag
participate at orange lounge, radio.com. So we have two emails. One of them I will just start
off with hello peoples. Um, there is a, uh, link, uh, from variety about drag race. According to
variety, one of the great camp classics of 1970s television is getting a drag makeover.
Apparently several alumni of RuPaul's drag race will recreate an episode of the Brady bunch for
paramount plus which category does this event fall under a, a reason to take advantage of the
free child paramount plus B a reason to reactivate your subscription to paramount plus, which you
deactivated because you ran out of episodes of star Trek discovery to watch C a reason to
subscribe to paramount plus using a credit card number you got from the dark net D a reason to
spend the premiere weekend getting drunk off whiskey from high west. I'm not going to
advertise the distillery final state high west distillery. I don't know who they are. I know
which one I'm choosing. Stay care entertainment. Uh, I, I, please don't let us do free advertisement.
Yeah, I just, even though we totally do it, I know I was just to say, but you just advertise
the Brady bunch special and paramount plus, so you might as well throw in the whiskey thing too.
I'm going to use somebody else's subscription. Um, yeah, I have sure I have paramount plus and,
um, it's, it's fine. I think, I don't think irritation that people have with paramount
plus is specific, specifically about paramount plus, but people have an irritation that there
are all these different streaming services when Netflix was supposed to be the catch all be all.
Right. But at the same time, I think if we want there to be competition and we want to make sure
that, you know, they're all trying to one up each other, there's going to have to be several of
these. I just think now people are starting to feel like there's too many and I get that,
believe me, I get that, but there's certainly, I canceled Disney plus I wasn't using it enough.
I can't pay for the year. Um,
we'll see, but that's, and then, then I start, I start trading them.
So like I'll borrow somebody's Disney plus and give them my paramount plus,
but I've had paramount plus ever since it was CBS all access for the star Trek thing
that was referred to in the email. Um, so yeah, I mean, I'm using it to watch all stars,
but that wasn't like the reason I got it. I got it for star Trek and there's a
decent amount of stuff on there. I feel like as far as, um, those services go,
I feel like paramount plus probably is one of the stronger ones. Um, but it depends on what
you like. I don't have HBO max, but I know a lot of people are super into it. I could give a shit
about friends. Um, but there's other stuff on there too. I guess people like, so anyway. Um,
yes, I will. I, since I already have paramount plus I've been subbed for years services with CBS
all access ever since I think I first subbed to CBS all access for the big brother live feeds.
And since it's only like $5 a month, but that seat, that show has really gone to shit the past
two or three years, especially just the castings horrific. Um, so, uh, I don't really watch live
feeds anymore, but I watched the star Trek and the other stuff. So yeah, I'll watch this Brady
bunch special. I didn't even realize it was a thing until today when somebody showed me a picture or
it was actually Alan that showed me a picture of candy muse dressed as, uh, I think it was Jan,
no, which Cindy was Cindy Brady. And I just kind of laughed. I thought it was funny.
So, cause somebody, uh, photoshopped the gun meme onto that. So it looked like candy muse
as Cindy Brady holding a gun. That's funny. That's funny. All right. Anyway, um, I'll have to find
the picture and share it with you. All right. Uh, we have more emails, right? Um, yeah. Did I
actually click? No, I didn't. Good. Um, hi, you're a fly on the wall for one boardroom meeting in
gaming history. Which one do you pick? And this comes from D you're a fly on the wall in a board
room in gaming's history. Trying to find that picture for dark soccer. Sorry. Um, I know I
would want to be in the boardroom when they decided on the name, we, you and why I want to know what
the hell they were thinking. I want to know what drugs were on the table that they were all, uh,
taken. I'm just, I'm half kidding, but I, uh, since, since I'm announcing which Hills I'm
going to die on tonight, here's another one. Um, the Wii U was tanked by its name period.
That is the worst name console I think we've ever had. I may, I may regret that comment later,
but it's one of the worst game name consoles we've ever had. Um, and I want to know what the
hell they were thinking with that name, especially when it looked and it felt nothing like their
original Wii. I just, I don't get it. So I want to know, I want to know what the alternative names
were that they didn't go through with. And I want to know who was fighting for those names and why.
Well, I know what I would want. What's that? The meeting where they decided to go with Jerry
Lawson's, uh, game designs for the fair child channel F because it's because of him. We have
cartridges going way back in history. I like that. I am. Yeah. And then I also know why the
fuck they did that controller design. Cause it was shit. Um, and yeah, if we're going to talk,
go way back, then I definitely want to be in some boardrooms, uh, in the old Atari days,
because there probably were drugs on the table. And I'm very curious about what all was going
on then. Cause I don't know if y'all know, but a lot of your favorite eighties games were absolutely
drug and drug influenced. Absolutely. So it's, uh, I think that'd be interesting. Not that I
condone, not that I condone it, but I just think we should face that reality. I just want to be in
the boardrooms and they complained about Steve jobs. I would, I'll take the board. I'll take
the boardroom, um, the directly after the E3 that Konami unveiled the Brock revolution and all the
fallout from all that. I want to be in that boardroom to see the folks getting yelled out
about just that. And about like 99 nights and how they displayed that. And just, just like
the, what the, what the heck? Or, uh, when they decided not to do a sweet code and game so I
can jump out of the wall and go, you idiots, you absolute fucking idiots. Oh, well, or in the,
the boardroom, when the folks that did, uh, scabins, uh, Chateau Reneau, we were talking
about these weird Americans who are talking about their game. That is a great answer. That is,
I want to definitely, I don't know if that wouldn't necessarily do a boardroom, but it was
definitely in a conference room with the marketing team. That is a great answer. I'm, I, I, carbon
copy on that answer. That's, I want to know the reaction to when president cat happened
and that company. That's great. I got orange rounds radio.
Like who is, who's that? Who is that? Uh, great question. That was a really good question.
All right. Yeah. Props to you. I don't know if I can give you a gold star cause the email
was kind of short, but you definitely get a silver star. Is it the silver star story?
Sure. Is it lunar? Sure. Girl. Okay. All right. That's it for emails this week, right?
Yeah, it is. All right. Um, there was a good question in chat, twitch.tv slash vog network,
no one special 77, which by the way, no one special. Can you please email the show
or email me personally? Rob at vog network.com. Um, I received a really heartfelt reply to your
question last week in my Twitter DMS. And I want to forward that to you. That just occurred in my
mind that I needed to send that to you, um, uh, from somebody who's dealing with something similar.
So I wanted to send, send that to you. No one special. Anyway, for now, let me read the question,
uh, from this week. No one special asks, you know, how in the early two thousands video games,
OST internet radio stations were all the rage. Yes. No one special. We're a little bit aware.
I'm, I'm laughing with you, not at you because, uh, appropriately on our 19th anniversary,
if you think about it, the roots of orange lounge radio, if you didn't already know,
we were a live 365 station and the highlight of the station was the Sunday night life. Well,
you know, I thought it was the highlight was the Sunday night show. And there were other shows
throughout the run on life 365. We had, um, uh, remember DMN who has a different name. Now he
was DMN back in the day. Uh, and then DJ tyrant was on our network. Uh, stay tight. He was here
and they had a show. Um, and then, uh, there was, I had like two or three spinoff shows at one point
on the network. But anyway, yes, we played gaming soundtracks. I sent you the picture, right? All
right. Isn't it great? I'm saving that forever. It's going to be a reaction for me. All right.
You can thank Alan for that one. Alan, that was the Cindy Brady candy muse gun meme.
That's the best thing to ever happen. Right. Anyway. Um, sorry, let me get to no one specials
actual question here. So, you know, how in the early 2000s video games, OST internet radio
stations were all the rage in this day and age. Can we see a resurgence of those or have they
gone the way of the dodo due to DMCA? Um, I don't think they've gone the way of the dodo. I don't
think they're extinct, but I think the demand for those has gone down a bit because, and I, you
know, I feel like I can speak with some of, somewhat of an authority to this. When we were
doing orange on radio on life through 65, everything was legal because we paid a fee to
live through 65 to broadcast on there. And they in turn paid the rate, the, the, the music labels.
My understanding is life through 65 and services like that are still around. And absolutely there's
still there. I actually had to go to their website so that I could remember if that's exactly what
the website was when I did our, I did our Guinness thing. And actually, I'm sorry, I, the, the correct
terminology, we shouldn't say it's still there. We should say it died and was resurrected by
somebody else. That's kind of what happened. It's a reincarnation, your reincarnation. Um, so that
it's, it went the MySpace way. It's not really well, but I think they are still like live radio
and all that stuff. Uh, and then of course, shout cast is still out there. Shout cast was the
technology that carried this show. Um, for the first 17 years, we didn't make the move to Twitch
until the beginning of 2019, January, 2019, maybe December actually. Um, but anyhow, um,
um, my point is, is that, uh, shout cast still exists and you can find that on shout cast.
The legal question ability of that stuff is a little bit in doubt. Um, but there are services
like life 365 that will pay other, you know, folks to do that, uh, and the music rates,
but also, um, and my real answer, sorry, blah, blah, blah. But, um, the big factor that didn't
exist in 2002 and 2003, when we were first doing this, that exists now is streaming. It's Spotify,
it's Apple music, it's Pandora. It's not just streaming, but it's the fact that these Japanese
gaming companies, uh, and American ones too, have now embraced, most of them have embraced
the streaming technology. So you can go on and find official final fantasy soundtracks
on Spotify. You can find official soundtracks to lots of Namco games. I know we're up there.
Capcom games are up there and so on and so on. So a lot of people are getting it on demand,
maybe not so much DDR. I think probably because you have a lot of license issues in play there,
because you have very, very old license that are expired. So they're not on streaming services,
but I think those games we have to admit are pretty niche when we talk about video game
soundtracks altogether. Um, so that I think streaming has really cut into that is really
my long roundabout way of your answer. Um, but no one special wherever there is an internet,
there will always be someone doing something you're thinking about right now on it.
If you know what I mean. Um, let's see. Tiger con chat says mix cloud started a streaming
service for DJs to broadcast their live sets to avoid any of the copyright issues. That's smart.
That's very smart. And I was also going to say no one special. I think a lot of the audience for
that went to Twitch slash YouTube slash I guess Facebook gaming, uh, slash, you know, those types
of, uh, video, video on demand services. Um, I think a lot of the audience went there and
that's a big reason why we're on Twitch. To be honest, uh, quest buster does point out. There's
a few on YouTube that stream video game tracks and I, YouTube will have the legal and the
questionably legal stuff on there. So I, I YouTube is a great call out. Um, other ones I found were
bundled under other services, but there's also outfits like radio Sega that does radio type
shows. And I've been broadcasting classic Sega music for years. Um, our friends, uh,
with girls gone. Wow. That used to be here at the voice of geeks network. They left the network
because they went to Warcraft radio, which broadcast 24 seven about Warcraft radio. And I
get it. They're a Warcraft show. Why wouldn't they want to be on a Warcraft network? So they went
over there and, uh, I, I know they do a lot of talk programming, but I'm pretty sure they've
got to play some music from the games in between all that stuff. So, um, you know, there's that
that exists as well for sure. So, all right. It's weird as I actually see a lot of folks,
um, big streamers out there, they're using Nintendo music, like animal crossing and stuff
like that in their streams, which I think is just completely bold to do considering how litigious
Nintendo is. Do you know how many memes I've seen with the Wii shop music though?
Like there's a great drag race clip out there of Brooklyn Heights in untucked when she's like
cringing and all this, and it's set to the Wii shop music. And it's so funny. You've seen that
dark Sakura. I've heard of it. I haven't seen it. Oh, I got to find it. It's great. All right.
Anyway, uh, enough, uh, enough of the, uh, um, chat question there, but that was a very good
question. Thank you. No one special. Uh, and you, I'm going to also give you a silver star
because that was a question that had nothing to do with the stores or sales or anything like that.
And that was another very good question. So a silver star for you. All right. Maybe you can
combine your star with our emailer and then you'll have one gold star. Maybe that's a currency.
We need to start here at OLR. All right. Uh, I would love to have our own Bitcoin. Are you
kidding? Even though I think some of it's really silly. I think it's just like a parody. It'd be
fun. All right. Uh, in, in, on a serious note, uh, Loki, any last minute stories? I'm pulling
up our discord here and yeah, we've got lots of depressing news. Let's go into it. So, so start
starting off, uh, we had a developer of, um, the emulator, uh, or the SNES emulator, um,
B SNES and high again near he has taken his life. So, um, I actually saw this in cause I have
followed the, the nest of community and stuff. So I actually saw this in our discord and, uh,
I didn't really know who he was, but I knew he was a developer. I just didn't know on an emulator,
but apparently this is from a long, basically lots of online harassment that he's been receiving
cyber bullying. Um, I guess a lot of it coming from this hub called Kiwi farms, but yeah,
apparently it's just added up over time. And he kind of put out this long thread on Twitter,
you know, basically saying goodbye. So that was kind of a red flag right there. And then
I need to make sure I need to make sure this isn't sugar coated because it's
fucking pride month and we're not going to do that. And looky, I'm not blaming you. I'm
saying this story. We need to call this out is my understanding is that near or a view,
I think was another name that was used previously. It was non-binary. Um, although I think they were,
well, I think I'm not sure the pronouns were ever clarified, but to be fair, uh, they, they,
they identified as non-binary. Um, how, however, what's gross about it is that this website that
you had mentioned, uh, what was the name of that site again? Kiwi farms was targeting this
individual because they were non-binary and that's the gross shit that has to be called out because
that is, I mean, I'm, I was going to say it's unforgivable. It's unforgivable. I was going
to sit here and get very angry and say it's unacceptable because it is, but I'm not sure
what getting angry is going to do because now, if you're wondering when is this cyber bullying
going to get to the point where somebody does something very, very, here we are.
It's, it's now happened. So if you visit the, I don't think any OLR people do this,
but I'm just going to say this, even if I'm saying it to the choir,
if you visit these websites, if you post on these forums, if you contribute to this culture,
I want you to sit there and really think long and hard about this. And I want you to wonder how good
you feel about this. This, this is horrible. This, that culture targeting people based on
who they are disgusting, flush it down the internet, flush it away. Anyway,
that's all I have to say. Sorry. Thank you. And then, uh, going from that, uh, river, uh,
the real life dog counterpart for the in game dog dog meat from final out four has also died.
No. Oh yeah. I heard about that too. Oh, that's, that's sad. Yeah. Yeah. Losing pets is very hard.
All right. So there you go. I'm like, can you give us one more story,
please? To change the tone. Um, all right. Raccoon city police department still isn't
playable except in custom matches for dead by daylight. Okay. Um, wait, I'm going to,
I'm going to find something from our discord over at vog network.com slash discord,
where people post stories throughout the week in the orange lounge radio channel.
And we'd like to read some of that on air, although a lot of these, we did get to, okay,
this one's funny. I'll do this one. So this is funny. Um, 13 X forever actually posted a tweet,
uh, from user way bullocks, not to be confused with, you know, who, um, but it is, um, I'm not
a lawyer or anything, but this feels like a lawsuit waiting to happen. And it's a screen grab from
evil two and then a screen grab for the walking dead survivors. That is literally pictures
photoshopped right on top of the resident evil to cover art. So somebody made a boo-boo there.
However, in reading the replies, some people are saying that this was all made up. Um,
but then other people are saying, no, it was an advertisement that they were using.
So there's a little bit of controversy as to, is the artwork real or not? So take it with a
grain of salt, I suppose, but I could certainly see something like that with a salt lick. Yeah,
for sure. For sure. Um, let's see. And then, uh, Oh, this is interesting from dungeon buster.
TSR games is back the studio behind the original dungeons and dragons, like those old school.
I'm talking to the old school games on like Commodore 64, apple two E, you know, the old,
old school ones, uh, they have returned to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin under Gary Gygax Jr.
That's right. Yeah. So they're coming back. That's an official press release from a PR.com
link there in our discord. That is really cool. I wonder what they're going to make.
Hmm. Very cool. I don't have the license for D and D cause that was sold. Yeah,
but they could still do something maybe inspired by the old inspired by is the keyword there.
And especially the old games, who knows there. So, um, anyway, um, uh, that is a very much happier
note to end on. There's a, that studio coming back. Very, very cool. Um,
go ahead, family in general is questionable. Uh, yeah, but you know, I understand if they
want to get the license, they have to maybe make deals that, you know, no, I'm just saying
as people. Yeah, I know. All right. Anyhow, let's get to our final thoughts for tonight,
and wrap the show up. Uh, and, uh, thank you guys once again for listening to our show and
staying up late with us tonight. We appreciate you guys being here. Um, if you like what you
heard at the show, tell a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word because we
are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if the voices aren't here to put out on air,
well then what can we do? So, um, yes, please help us spread the word. Um, a nice five star
review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you found this show. Um, that goes an awful
long way. Uh, and, um, yeah, social media posts, uh, auto hosts here on Twitch are wonderful.
Thank you to everybody who auto hosts Vogue network here on Twitch. Um, I also want to
give one more plug to the shop and the, the shirt that dark soccer is wearing tonight, uh, for the
live folks that are watching. Uh, you can see that over at a Vogue network.com slash shop. Again,
that's Vogue network.com slash shop. And, um, another shout out. If you are subscribed here
on Twitch, uh, you can go back in the archive and if you haven't heard it yet,
I'd encourage you to check it out. Our episode one with commentary from Wednesday
now posted over at twitch.tv slash Vogue network for our subscribers. So enjoy that. And we'll try
to get some more original content for you guys in addition to the podcast, because of course,
we're not going to take anything away from those of you who have supported us, uh, for free for a
long, long, long, long, long time, uh, 19 years to be exact. So, um, with that, I think we can get
everybody's final thoughts, uh, dark soccer. I'll start with you. Cause I'm sure you want to go get
set up for your own thing in a minute here. You know me so well. Um, I, um, I'm going to play dead
by daylight because that's my addiction right now. People are already setting out, setting off
fucking fireworks outside and I want to set them on fire. All right. Have a good one. Uh, Loki,
how about you? Your final thought tonight? Uh, still gonna be working on more Minecraft.
Hopefully I'll have another episode out this week. At least that's what I'm going for.
Um, can't wait for you to see my shop. It's very cute. Um, and then my final thought tonight,
um, just, you know, I, I have lots of other projects I want to work on, but I have some
other things in my personal life. There could be some big changes coming in the next week or two.
So everybody crushed fingers and happy vibes. Uh, that's all I really need. Thank you. Thank you.
Um, and thanks everybody for sticking with us for the last 19 years, whether you found us 19 years
ago or 19 minutes ago, really appreciate you guys being here, um, at orange launch radio. Thanks.
And we will be back in two weeks. Um, everybody in the States have a happy, have a safe, um,
but have a very positive 4th of July, especially after the last 15 months. Um, I hope you have a
great one, but please be safe, uh, in all elements of the word for those of you in other countries.
I know the 4th of July is just another day. Uh, so I'm sorry, we won't be here next week,
but I still hope no matter what you're doing next Sunday, um, you're, you're having a good
time. You're safe, having fun with video games and all that stuff. Have a wonderful two weeks.
We'll be back on July 11th to do it all again. Good luck to Bobby and summer games done quick.
I'm looking forward to watching, uh, and donating for the charity doctors without borders. Uh,
I don't think I have anything else to squeeze in here at the end. So it's time to roll the credits.
Good night, everybody. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a
production of OLR studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at
6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still
true. See you next week.
Okay.
