This week, No Man's Sky rolled out a significant visual overhaul. One of the games produced
a groundswell of hype, came out two years later to mixed but generally negative acclaim,
and persisted with notable content and other updates for the next five years. I haven't
seen this outside of an MMO, and graphically speaking, I haven't seen this in an MMO
either.
This is the headline about a total makeover. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts,
Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again after
a little break last week with episode number 871 of our show for this June the 6th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts and I have no idea why my camera went itty bitty on Twitch. We
do tape live every Sunday night at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, six o'clock Pacific, nine
o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show and sometimes live weird things
happen.
If you're supposed to be recording vertical video, that is a big faux pas.
I think there's a brand new OBS that just came out between the time we did our last
show and this one, and I think it did something to resetting the webcam specs, so I will just
have to get that sorted.
But at least you can see my co-hosts, they look fine as we're taping live on Twitch,
such as Techmaster Loki who popped in there. Hi Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
And of course, let's not forget the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you Jamie?
I'm okay, I'm tired.
Tired? Well, you've been going like out and about these last few days, right?
Well, I had, okay, so first of all, I had a sister event that I thought was next week,
it was actually yesterday, but I had taken yesterday off. So I took Becky to San Francisco
for her birthday, a late birthday present, so that she could, as she said, not be a mom
for a day.
I like that.
And so we hung out in the Castro and yay, it was Castro during Pride Month, so it was
nuts.
I like that.
And then we went to, we ate at Cafe Mystique, which is really delicious. And then we went
to Japantown because I needed to go to Kinokuniya for a kanji book. And then I needed to go
to Nijia. Now, Nijia Market, they've, it's already really small, but they've really adapted
to the whole COVID thing. There were lines outside of everything, even to get into Daiso,
so it was kind of nuts and funny.
Oh my gosh.
Let's go. But all that walking with my back and my other condition. Yeah. By the time
we got back, I was, I was deadbeat.
And now I turned into huge Rob, but at least I figured out what the issue was. There we
go. All right. I'll fix that, guys. Sorry. Sorry. I know this is like the most-
You just had your mushroom.
Yeah, apparently.
Move it around the entire time.
What was that?
I said, just keep moving it around the entire episode.
Exactly. Now I'll be big Rob. Now I'll be small Rob. See, we love our folks who listen
on the podcast feed. Of course, you can download Orange Launch Radio in your favorite podcast
app, such as Apple Podcasts, which just got a big update recently. Spotify, which has
been getting more and more into podcasts. We're on a few others too. You can download
us in those apps. But we moved over to Twitch a couple of years ago, doing our show live
on Sunday nights. And sometimes, unfortunately, on the podcast, you just miss these funny
little visual things that happen. But I think I fixed myself. How does it look, you guys?
Hopefully it looks good in our chat. Because we do, again, tape live on Sunday nights and
we have our chat room, which is over at twitch.tv slash vog network. And Sia Tabiri in the chat
says giant Rob is going to nom, nom, nom the co-host. Yes, you see there's Pac-Man and
then there's super Pac-Man. And then there's Pac-Man. Super Pac-Man. Okay, I'll stop. All
right. Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight and talk about some things that we missed
in gaming last week. First off, I hope you guys had a good week off. Dark Soccer, I know
you've been on some adventures the past few days. Also, you were you were here streaming
last week, right? Not here on your own channel, right? Yeah. I was playing Dead by Daylight
like I know I really do. And I had a really good stream. It was nice actually doing it
a little bit earlier that night. So nice. It was it was pretty cool. Loki, did you do
anything special with the long weekend, which by which, by the way, I know I know some people
took some heat for saying like, you know, there was there was some political thing where
somebody said, have a good weekend or have a good long weekend. And I understand it's
Memorial Day and Memorial Day is not a happy holiday, but it does kind of share the distinction
this last year of being a three day weekend as, you know, America and, you know, other
parts of the world are getting to the other side of this covid thing. We're seeing numbers
really start to drop. And I think there were a lot of people wanting to really get some
normalcy back. So I think, you know, yes, even though Memorial Day is a is a holiday
that, you know, is a little bit morose because we have to, you know, be thankful to those
that gave their lives for the freedoms that we experience in this country. This particular
long weekend we just had was the first time in a very long time that many of us got to
enjoy some of those freedoms. So I think there's a little bit of sharing going on.
So, you know, I hope people understand why I still say I hope you had a good long weekend,
because you know what, it's the first long weekend we've really been able to get into
in a very long time. But I'm Loki, I'm sorry for digressing. But how was your long weekend?
I am pretty sure I was just playing Minecraft. You've been doing you've been doing a lot
of Minecraft and I saw some cryptic tweets. Would you care to explain yourself or do you
want to do this later in the show? No, I can we can talk about now. Let's talk about
it now. Because even I don't know what the fuck you're talking about with your tweets.
And I got it. And this is probably going to be lost on you guys. But so I am a huge fan
of I mean, there's a lot of people that are huge fans of this group. But there's a server
called hermitcraft. They're like probably some of the most famous Minecraft players
out there. I mean, they've been running this server for years now. And I mean, they're
kind of all streamers, they all work together, they kind of have this unique community where
they can collaborate and just do all these different projects and stuff. So it's real
exciting. So obviously, as of recent, you know, getting back into Minecraft and stuff,
one of my goals, albeit impossible, would be to someday be on hermitcraft to be able
to join them on the server as a member, which is like, yeah, get in line with all the other
people that want to do that, like every single content creator out there that like does Minecraft
stuff wants to do that. I get that. And that's like, it's, it's just astronomically, whatever.
It's fine. The only reason I want to is because like, they seem like really cool people just
to play with. Like, that's, that's it. That's really the only reason not not because I want
to, you know, play with them because they're famous or anything. It's, it's because they
just seem really cool. And like, this would be a fun group of people to play Minecraft
with. So is the punchline you got in? No, no. Oh, okay. That's not the punchline. No,
that would be hilarious. But no, that's absolutely not the punchline. So, um, she kind of get
to the point here. So one of I follow a lot of them in social media. And one of those
folks that I follow is this guy who goes by Tango tech, who he's a big redstone guy,
and he's done, you know, lots of videos and stuff like that. Well, they had a cherry auction.
With one of the prizes being that I can have a one on one session with him. So obviously,
I bid and obviously I won. So I'm going to have him come on one of my videos that's coming
out pretty soon, like, second or third episode next week. So next week, I'll be playing with
one of the members of hermitcraft. It's got like a million followers on YouTube and stuff
like that, to just invite them onto the server, show them around, show them what I did, and
just kind of like work on a project together. So I think that's absolutely cool. Like, I
pick his brain, like content creation stuff, just, I don't know, that really, I mean, it's
like, you just got to get their attention. That's really like, if you want to, like,
have any potential possible first off, you have to have a channel to decent size, which
mine is not. But don't tell yourself short, Loki, you have been committed to that you
you have something that a lot of content creators can only aspire to have. And that is that
you've had the commitment to content creation, meaning, you know, you've been doing this
show with Jamie and I for it's going to be 19 years this month. So don't I mean, at the
same time? Well, I get it. I get it. Like, you know, sure, I don't know the individuals
directly that you're speaking of, because I don't follow the Minecraft community. But
I certainly follow other communities when dark soccer and I sit here and talk about,
you know, we're watching dead by daylight, and we're watching losing color or something,
you know, or, you know, deer or what, you know, one of the big streamers here on Twitch,
I don't expect that everybody necessarily knows those people. But you know, those that
are kind of in the community are like, Oh, yeah, those are the people that really like
dedicate themselves to, you know, streaming those those types of things, and so forth.
So I think that's super cool that you're getting a chance to and it sounds like for a charity
reason, kind of get a chance to to get this guy's ear a little bit, but don't, don't ever
think for a minute that he can't learn something from you to know, absolutely. And it's it's
not necessarily like it. Okay, aside from being able to play with the cool kids as they
put it in chat, it's also the ice so much hate the corporate job world, like I will
do anything to get out of this thing. And like I see that as like this could possibly
be an avenue to like, you know, the YouTube stuff, obviously, I don't know, it's just
like the game creation stuff. Like, yeah, if I put my mind to it, it's just it's time
like a lot of these folks that do content creation as a full time job, like, I can't
put out that level of content because I'm working a daytime job as well. And I have
a family and it's just it's so hard to cram that into them out of time, but I will do
the best I can. That's all I can really do. That's it. At the very least, it was benefiting
the Seattle was in Seattle Shakespeare Society. So it was good to be able to put some money
down towards that. But at the same time, yeah, it's great to be able to, you know, play with
one of the hermits for a few hours. I mean, that hopefully it's not the last time but
like, you know, at the very least, it's a cool experience. I'm glad I get to share it
with the people on the server, because it's kind of like, you know, I really appreciate
them. And I think they're all big fans. So for them, it's just gonna blow their minds.
And so I just am glad to be able to share that with them. So hell yeah. Yeah, I'm just
very excited. It's gonna next week. So next week, I'm filming that I don't know, I have
an episode that's coming out soon. I'm actually working on I was hoping to have it done this
weekend. But like, I like I have done a lot of building over the last weekend. Like I
think about, gosh, 12 to 14 hours worth of Minecraft building. So I had to compress that
down and to time lapses and stuff and touches a lot a lot of work, but lots of planning.
I am so nervous. I've got to plan all this stuff and just get everything ready to go
for Saturday or Sunday.
Well, let's, let's get that plugin one more time for your YouTube channel and let let
our listeners know, you know, you're you're serious about this stuff. You know, dark soccer
myself, we've plugged our twitches enough. Let's I'm sure we'll plug them again at some
point tonight. But Loki, make sure let's get your YouTube out there. And you know, if you
guys have any interest in Minecraft, even a passing interest in Minecraft, or just like
Loki, you want to hear more of his stuff. And this passion that clearly you have for
it where you know, you're you're and you're really taking this next level, please, please
check out Loki's YouTube, which is that it's a Loki olr is the username on there. I mean,
that's pretty much me on any socials just gonna be Loki olr. So I've got a couple episodes
out right now. I've got a third episode, almost done working on it right now. I'm guessing
that this next episode with tango, maybe episode four or five, I haven't really decided yet
because there's gonna be a lot of prep work coming up to it. Got a lot of stuff I got
clean up. So there may be an episode in between there. So it's gonna be a four or five, it's
gonna be so yeah, I got a peek already at Episode five.
Watch it out. Loki make make his appearance like four episodes. Trust me.
I can't. Well, we'll see. We'll work it in there.
Or this is the foot in the door to get other content creators. And maybe they're not as
and maybe they're not as big as individual.
So many like, yeah, outside of hermitcraft, there's so many people that would be fun to
play with. I'm really looking forward is like, I know, I mean, like, we've done like the
VOG network servers and stuff, and that's fine. And it was fun playing with you guys.
But like, it's hard to and even with like the people that I'm with now, it's hard to
find a group of people that can play on a regular basis and that that can dedicate time
to that. And I know when I joined the server, the the invite that was in the Minecraft forums
was that they were looking for content creators to come on and make content together. And
unfortunately, at this point, I'm like the only one doing that of the group, which is
fine. Like they're still really cool people. And like, it's fun to play with them. But
like, I wish it was more of that kind of content creation. There's there's other servers other
than hermitcraft. Like I want to say, well, epic SMP for a little bit. But that's another
example. Also, big YouTubers, big Twitch streamers went together, played Minecraft, and that
died off really fast because people lost interest and went to other things. So it's just, I
want somebody to like, want a group that will be dedicated to a long period of time playing
this game at a level like where I'm at now and being able to collaborate and stuff more
of that because I don't really do a lot of the voice chat with these folks. And it's
just hard to it's hard to record too, because I'm in my kitchen. And like, honestly, like,
I really need a dedicated room because I, it's hard recording all the voiceovers after
the fact. And it would just be so much easier with just the editing process to do all live
in from the get go. But I have to do what I can do within, you know, my limits. So
Well, I think a lot of folks in the chat, like, like, they feel the enthusiasm. And
I'm sure our podcast listeners, you know, even if it's like, Oh, I don't really follow
Minecraft at all, you can feel the enthusiasm coming off your voice. So I know there's going
to be a good video because you're obviously going to be putting like a lot of, you know,
and all your videos are good because you put in this type of passion into it. But this
particular one, especially because you can kind of hear that, you know, this could be
like a jumping point for then, you know, maybe you get to collaborate with some other
small and mid level content creators, which is great that they're looking for something
that you're looking for. So this is great. I'm excited for you. I'm really excited for
you. Congratulations. Thank you. If I may make a tiny suggestion, of course, what some
people do for recording is they'll have like tall, like plywood and do a mini booth where
you line it with the the sound dampening foam. And then that way, when you're ready to record,
you just bust it out for those moments. Well, right. I get that it's not the audio quality
that I'm worried about. It's the I'm in a kitchen with my children and my cat screaming
and they have like that. That's what I'm talking about. Like, I just need another room in the
house, which we don't have. We don't we have a bathroom one that will not work. I need
I need to build in a garage. Are you on a laptop? Because you could come use the oil
or you could use Studio N seven. We're vaccinated. I'm on a laptop. But like, think about it.
It's I just need to build a room in the garage. It really that's what it comes down to. But
that that's the hard part. It's like I even like trying to record voiceovers. I was trying
to do that yesterday. And the cat, even though she has no sense of hearing, she has a sense
of timing where she just knows that I'm doing a video conference or something. It's like
comes in, starts screaming. I'm like, great. Thank you for writing my voice over. It's
like, I don't know. All right. Well, fingers, fingers crossed. But this this also begs another
question. Okay, so so here we are in 2021. And I noticed there's there's there's lots
of community things happening. So Loki, obviously, really, you know, starting to jumpstart these
things he's doing with the Minecraft community and getting very involved with that dark Sakura.
I can't watch a Dead by Daylight streamer on Twitch without running into you and chat
anymore. And you obviously doing a lot more streaming yourself and getting to know a lot
of those people in that community. And I think making a name for yourself in the Dead
by Daylight community. It just came out this week. VOG Network's own Bobby Blackwolf has
been involved with the speedrunning community and doing awesome Games Done Quick and Summer
Games Done Quick is coming up. And did you all know VOG Network's own Bobby Blackwolf
is going to be doing the finale at Summer Games Done Quick this year. It's going to
be is going to be hosting the Kingdom Hearts 2. And yes, it's not it's not about the host.
It's about the charity. It's about the speedrunners. But I still think that's so cool. You know,
like just even be like, just to even be like affiliated with that or whatever is just so
cool. What do I have? You guys have been streaming a lot of stuff. You and Alan. I mean, Alan.
Yes. Alan has a lot of stuff too. What do I have? Rob? Oh, that's right. OK. Pixel
Pacas reminded me I won a fake survivor game two years ago. That is right. When the Resident
Evil chapter comes out. Yeah. I said that that would pop my survivor cherry. Mm hmm.
So I have to do a swift with you and Alan. OK. OK. I'm so down for that. I was doing
a swift without which means survive with friends. I was doing that with Alan the other night
and we had a good time. Yeah. I think playing together were also I'm a higher rank survivor
than him. And I don't know how that happened. I really don't. I should. I just don't think
I'm going to suck at Survivor because I'm not altruistic. See it to be in chat says,
girl, you're amazing. Just the way you are. Thank you so much. No, I swear I wasn't fishing
for compliments. It was just a really funny opportunity for me to crack a joke. I have
the Dragon Con panel stuff coming up. And, you know, as conventions come back, I'll do
more and more of that panel hosting stuff. Live hosting is a thing I'm super into. So,
you know, I'm teasing. But there are some things I'm into that I'm thrilled to be affiliated
with. And honestly, I am giving some thought. I don't know if I should vocalize this on
O.L.R. because if I do it, I'm committed to it. But I'm really giving a thought on dipping
my toe back into really embracing retro games and doing more with retro stuff and NES classics
that I grew up with. If any of you have followed my personal YouTube channel, then like five,
six years ago, God, probably longer, I had started this concept of, you know, let's remember
where I would play some old games and really not just like kind of talk, but really like
do a deep dive into like memories with these old games. And, you know, a little different
from like, you know, classic game or anything else is that it's like I'm experiencing the
game while kind of relishing in some of the memories of the game. And I'm really thinking
about maybe bringing that back actually as like maybe a VOG project. I don't know. Maybe
personal channel, maybe VOG. I don't know. I haven't decided yet. But yeah. So that might
be it. Maybe I'll get in more with the retro community. We'll see. We'll see. So. All right.
SSJ100Matt in chat says it's been a year plus for a lot of folks. Finding that inspiration
is harder or easier for some folk and of course, differently. You do you. Yeah. I think that's
very good advice. It really is. Okay. So that was a long intro. We still haven't even gotten
to our kickoff topic. But no, that was we needed that update from Loki. That's really
exciting news. Let's talk about some of the news we missed last week. So we weren't here
last week, obviously. And we missed some news. Although with E3 and Summer Game Fest and
all that coming up in this next week, obviously the news has been a little bit light, not
just last week, but this week as well, just because a lot of the big announcements. Next
week's show will be huge because we're going to have a fun show tonight, too. But next
week's show, especially because, you know, the Xbox Bethesda big event is in the morning.
For years and years here at OLR, we've had to go up against Bethesda during E3. They're
at the same time. But now that they're part of Microsoft, they're going in Microsoft spot.
So they're going to have a big event earlier in the day. So we'll have a lot to talk about
on next week's show. In the last week, so before the week we were off, we did miss a
few big things. And I want to talk about some of those. So one of them was the Dragon Quest
35th anniversary stream. Did anyone catch some of the headlines or some of the key stuff
from this stream? Because there's some good stuff that came out of this, such as confirmation
that Dragon Quest 12 is coming. It's called The Flames of Fate. And I believe I believe
the way they phrased it was that it's going to be a fabulous flames of hate. No, it's
not the fabulous flames of hate, but it's it's it's a more adult version of Dragon Quest,
apparently, which is an interesting way. And I wonder if that's sort of a thing where it's
like, well, you know, a lot of you have kind of grown up with this series. It also kind
of made me think of like Yakuza like a dragon, where like growing up with Dragon Quest has
been it was has been a sort of a plot device. So not that I'm saying that Dragon Quest 12
is going to be like Yakuza, but I can't help but feel like maybe some of the creative direction
to kind of make it a more adult series is because of Dragon Quest influence in mainstream
as well as gaming culture. I think it could be interesting. So and Mike Deft in chat,
who's gone through a rebrand recently, it appears, says it's going to be a more dark
adult Dragon Quest. I'm OK. You know what? Dragon Quest has had a very cartoony look
for a long time, and I realize that's a hallmark of the franchise, but I'm OK with them going
a little bit of a darker direction with it. I think that could be interesting. I just
hope they get a new composer. And let's see, what else do we have a Dragon Quest? Oh, yes.
Dragon Quest three is getting an HD remake and it looks really good to 2D remake and
it looks really good. And that is a lot of people going, why can't they do this to the
Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger series as well? Hey, well, you know what? If this sells
really well, I bet they'll consider it. So, I mean, you know, if this is at all interesting
to you, you might want to buy it. Yuji Horii apparently considering giving Dragon Quest
one and two the same treatment. So fingers and toes crossed on that. There were some
other things announced. I think the other big thing for me, I'm not going to talk about
everything they said in that, but I think for me, Dragon Quest 10 offline was announced.
So Dragon Quest 10 has been an MMO. It's been online, right? And I think they're getting
a new version six expansion even. It's still going. But we have yet to experience it in
America. And I don't they didn't say the Dragon Quest 10 offline is coming to America.
But in my head, I'm like, that's how they're going to do it. They get this game out and
they can localize it. And that's how we'll get Dragon Quest 10 here in America. I think
I'm jumping to conclusions a little bit. But the news of a Dragon Quest 10 offline coming
is pretty exciting, I think. So we'll see. Any interest from you guys in playing offline
version of Dragon Quest? I mean, I'd love to play the online one, but I think the reality
is, is never going to be localized or available to come out here. I'm not really a Dragon
Quest fan, so probably not. I haven't played Dragon Quest since Dragon Quest. We you should
check out. Eleven isn't bad, but, you know, it had it had some things that, you know,
but I think this direction they're going with with twelve will be a great thing for the
series. They did announce what platforms twelve is going to be on, though, which was interesting.
Usually they tell us pretty early, so we don't know if it's a Switch game, PlayStation 5
game or what or an Xbox game. You know, we don't know. So stay tuned for more information
on that, I suppose. So let's see. So other news that we missed last week. The Dragon
Quest announcement was the big one. Sonic also had a stream on May 27th, and they're
going to be doing like an orchestral, orchestral Sonic performance during Summer Game Fest.
I think that's coming up in the next few days when there's a compilation called Sonic
Origins that's going to be coming to the more current systems. Sega loves to put their retro
stuff, especially Sonic, on consoles every single time. So this really shouldn't be a
surprise, but it'll be nice. Olympic Games Tokyo 2020, the official video game, got a
new Sonic the Hedgehog costume. So it looks so ridiculous. The game for the Olympics that
didn't happen when they were supposed to happen. And it says this is the official Olympics
games, not like Mario and Sonic at the Olympics. So that's why it's ridiculous. Yes, that's
why it's ridiculous. And then obviously the big thing that had everybody talking, a teaser
for a new mainline Sonic game. No title. We know it's 2022. We know it's going to be on
the Switch, but that's about all we know as of right now. So we're just kind of fingers
and toes crossed. It's a little more. Where was it? Sonic Mania and a little less Sonic
the Hedgehog part? Well, the mix of the update for Sonic Colors. So Sonic Colors Ultimate
was something else. OK. Oh, I think I missed that in the list. Thank you. So, yeah, because
I did watch this, actually, because I caught it like it happened in the pop up on my YouTube
feed. But it yeah, it's interesting. Just the new Sonic game they tease like, you know,
sounded interesting. Sonic Colors I never really played because that was I think that
was a Wii U game. I can't remember, but it looks good. You know, good remaster, I guess.
Some other announcements from the week we were off. There is a Kunio-kun, which of course
you might know as like the River City Ransom, Super Dodgeball type of games that's going
to be doing a 35th anniversary project. So then those those games, they kind of re-release
not that long ago as well. So it's nice to see that there's still a lot of love for that
series. Super Bomberman Online Cross Fall Guys can be a crossover going on there. Shiva
will be joining Streets of Rage 4 in the Mr. X Nightmare DLC. And probably the other biggest,
biggest headline from last week when we were off, no BlizzCon this year. Blizzard announced
they're not going to be doing a BlizzCon this year, which is in contrast to some other.
I mean, I don't know if this is because BlizzCon is in California, which has been a little
slower to reopen, but some other conventions in this same week, such as DragonCon, have
announced that they're essentially going, I don't want to say full steam ahead with
the convention, but that in-person is part of their plan. I sort of have the gut feeling
they're going to, it's, it'll still be kind of a different DragonCon and they're probably
expecting less people because there will, they are still pouring everything into having
a virtual component as well. So people will have the choice between the two. I caught
in chat earlier, MagFest confirmed they're coming back in person January 2022. But Blizzard
has decided not for them this year. So they're going to be doing an online event instead.
And executive producer of BlizzCon in a statement, Sarah Lynn Smith said, the ongoing complexities
and uncertainties of the pandemic have impacted our ability to properly move forward on any
of these fronts. And ultimately we're now past the point where we'd be able to develop
the kind of event we'd want to create for you in November. That's an interesting perspective
too is that honestly, to do BlizzCon in November, that planning starts in like February or March.
It takes a long time to put on a BlizzCon. So I can understand for sure the perspective
of they don't want to do all this planning and then, oh shit, September, October, a variant
is loose or something. I mean, I hope it doesn't happen, but we have to be prepared mentally
that might. And then they just got to shut down BlizzCon all over again. And I can sort
of see where maybe they also just don't have a lot to say because they've already had to
kind of delay stuff, right? We know Diablo 4, not till next year. Overwatch 2, not till
next year. Diablo 2, we get this year. But we had a virtual BlizzCon, what, March? Which
was kind of delayed from last November. So maybe they're just not ready. But they will
be doing a virtual BlizzCon line instead. They're also talking about smaller in-person
gatherings and that's kind of interesting too. That maybe they'll have like satellite
meetups and stuff like that. But keep an eye on that. So no BlizzCon 2021, but a BlizzCon
line sounds like it'll be a thing. SSG100Matt in chat says, kind of wish they pushed Magfest
to February again because everyone liked February Mag. Yeah, consider me one of those people.
But I don't know if realistically January Magfest can be in the cards for me. I don't
want to rule it out yet, but there's a lot going on personally where I don't think it's
going to be a great idea for me. And when I can tell you more about what's going on,
I think you'll understand. But I hope MagWest comes back next summer because I'd like to
go to that for a change. That'd be nice. So, all right. Let's move on. We've talked about
what happened last week in gaming. Let's talk a little bit about the next week before
we get into our gaming weeks. We've kind of mentioned a couple of times now, but just
another reminder, it's E3 week coming up. And this year we also have Summer Game Fest
happening at the same time. So you have kind of two big events happening and that means
all these other smaller events that are going on for really the summer. Here's some things
to look forward to in the coming weeks. The official Battlefield reveal. I think we'll
be talking a little bit more about this later in the show, but I'll just say quickly, more
information on the next Battlefield game June 9th or Wednesday. That's at 7 o'clock Pacific
time. Summer Game Fest, 11 a.m. Pacific time and that would be 2 p.m. Eastern time on Thursday.
This will be Geoff Keighley's event. So the people that brought you the game awards. Weezer
is going to be playing for whatever reason. But yeah, that's cool. Weezer's cool. Whatever.
Awesome. Folks like the studio behind Among Us will be unveiling something. Could that
be a new map? Could that be a new game? Don't know. We'll see. But check that out. That
will all be on Thursday. Also, another Geoff Keighley event as part of Summer Games Fest
will be on Friday at 9 a.m. Pacific, noon. This is a Geoff Keighley and Netflix collaboration.
And as you guys know, Netflix has really been dipping their toe into gaming, right? The
Witcher does well and that which technically the Witcher was a book. But I think we all
know the look at this. Obviously, the fact that it was a game really propelled it to
being a series. And so now Netflix between that and the Castlevania anime doing like
Netflix is like full on fucking gaming media now, like all these, which is great. Have
you seen the brand new trailer? Like I'm not a huge fan of Dynasty Wars, but that trailer?
No, I didn't. It's a live action like it's a live action Dynasty Warriors. And it's it's
amazing. It takes me back to when I used to go to Fanime and watch all the late night
like Kung Fu, Hong Kong cinema stuff. Wow. Oh, my God. It's so amazing. Like I need to
watch that. OK, check this out. This is what this is. What's on the list for them to talk
about at this Netflix event on Friday? Cyberpunk 2077 because there's that Edgerunners anime
is having Tomb Raider, Assassin's Creed, Devil May Cry, Dota 2, League of Legends,
Beyond Good and Evil, Dragon's Dogma, Sonic the Hedgehog, which I don't think that's related
to the movie, but I guess there must be a series I completely forgot about or anime
or something. It was part of the it was part of the Sonic event that they talked about.
They're doing a new series. It's about it's based on colors or the Sonic Color stuff.
Well, there you go. That's a lot. That's a lot of media based on video games. And they're
saying more and more, probably some new announcements out of this as well. The things we don't even
know about yet. Come on, Tron. Come on, Tron. I guess I guess Tron was really a movie before
it was a game, but they could put it in there and get away with it. Right. Also, Tron would
really be Disney Plus. So I'm really rooting for the wrong thing. I just love Tron so much.
OK, they had an awesome anime Tron series and they did. They canceled it like they kept
my movies. Maybe. OK. All right. You really want to get tin foil hat? You really? OK,
here we go. Making my predictions. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Here we go. How about
that long, long rumored Zelda series for Netflix? Wouldn't that be the flack on the table for
all of E3? That's just like that. That's so like IGN April Fool's Day content right there.
Like I've already been disappointed too many times with that. Like, I don't. Yeah, we'll see.
S2 and Hunter Mountain chat says Half-Life three, the movie. Hey, hey. Might as well. We're throwing
out all these impossible things. Sure. Why not? Why not? Why not? All right. The movie.
Getting into some other stuff. OK, so then E3 star. Oh, actually, I want to shout out the
wholesome direct because I think that's really adorable and it's an indie thing. We love our
indies. That is on Saturday at 10 a.m. Pacific. I have to do math in my head. 1 p.m. Eastern.
That is at Wholesome Games dot com. Seventy five feel good indie games. That's if you want to wrap
yourself up in indie games and give yourself a hug. Wholesome Direct on Saturday. Ubisoft
11 a.m. on Saturday. Don't know exactly what they'll be talking about. I guess Trackmania
and surely some new games in their other franchises as well. I'm sorry. The pre-show
is at 11. The show show is at noon. So there's there's two Ubisoft shows. So Devolver Digital
will be doing things on Saturday at 1 30 Pacific, 4 30 Eastern Devolver Digital. They they're crazy
and in a good way. And I think there'll be a lot of fun to watch there. Their E3 thing last year
was the best thing that like first person exploring thing that they did. Did you guys
already forget about that? That game they released on Steam that was like their E3. That was the best
thing ever. That was awesome. Gearbox is doing something on Saturday, but we don't know when.
We do know that there were those little teasers from the Borderlands movie. So I don't know if
maybe something's crossing over there, but we saw the very shadowy figures of the actors in their
costumes. So, hmm, hmm. Sunday, 10 a.m. Pacific, 1 p.m. Eastern, Xbox and Bethesda. That's going
to be a big one. I'm very excited for that. I'm hoping we can simulcast it here at VOG
that they will allow us to do a co-stream. If so, I will be on there and whoever. I'm sure Bobby
will join me and Loki and Dark Soccer are more than welcome if they want to do some running
commentary with that. That's if we are allowed to co-stream. If they do not give express permission
for that, then we'll just be in chat and host it and give our reactions that way. So that'll be fun.
The PC gaming show. This show has been kind of garbage. I'm going to be honest, not usually a
lot to look forward to. Will this be the year they change it around? Maybe 11 a.m. Pacific,
2 p.m. Eastern. Loki, am I right? The PC thing is usually kind of stupid. I'm sorry, but they need
to kick it up a notch. Square Enix ought to be a little more exciting and that will be it. This is
an odd time. 1215 Pacific, 315 Eastern on Sunday as well. So that's kind of cool. And then that's
it for the big ones on Sunday. And then let's see. Oh no, I'm sorry. Warner Brothers still is TBA,
so they might do something. I don't know. Limited Run Games. So I'm sure they're going to put
together some more cartridges you have to own. That is going to be at one o'clock Pacific,
four o'clock Eastern on Monday. Take Two is going to do something on Monday. Capcom is doing
something on Monday. And then we get to Tuesday, the Nintendo Direct. This is going to be one for
the ages. Hopefully we're not hyping it up too much, but I hope this is it. Tuesday 9 a.m. Pacific.
All of the Pikmin games. All of them. Like Pikmin, they're going to have Pikmin 5 through 20. It's
just going to be one afternoon. Pikmin, Pikmin, Pikmin. I think they really and I, you know,
I don't like to set the bar. They they have to update us on Breath of the Wild 2. Like they
have to. I'm sorry. Prime 4 and all the other games that they've teased. You know what? The
Zelda one is more important, in my opinion. Like the Zelda one, they have to update people on that.
If at least they do that, I think they can get away without saying Bayonetta 3 for another
Direct. But I think there's a huge expectation. We've got to get an update on Breath of the Wild
2. And I fully understand we might not get it, but there's that. I'll come out on the next console.
Now Bobby is also saying, note the Nintendo Direct is just about software. That's a good reminder.
In their tweet, they said software only. And all these things that said Switch Pro, it's going to
be revealed Thursday. No, no, no. It's going to be revealed Friday. Well, guess what? It still
ain't fucking here. So this is a big red flag that maybe Nintendo is not doing the Switch Pro
this year. And I think we all need to maybe and you know what, Loki? I think we have to give them
credit if they made this decision. Maybe they realized they weren't going to be able to make
enough of them because of all these hardware shortages. And so they've decided not to try
this year. You assume they learned something. They didn't learn anything. They're just good.
They'll still announce it. It'll be like so far in the future. And they still won't have it could
be a perfect world where we have we're literally drowning in silicon. And they would still find
some way to short that thing. Like I don't buy for one second, that no matter when they announce it,
that there won't be shortages. And they will be completely incompetent with their, you know,
retail flow or whatever. I just, whatever. Um, Bobby Blackwood and chat says, so let me ask
this. Why do we need an update on Breath of the Wild 2? It's been a long time. And I know you're
not going to accept that answer because Nintendo can really put this out whenever they want and
people will eat it up. But I think to an extent, the Zelda fan base is very loyal. It's very large.
Breath of the Wild really propelled the Switch to its early success. Even though it was a Wii U game,
it really made its case for the Switch very well. And I almost think to go this long without giving
the fans even a peek at what's going on, I think is starting to insult the fan base. I'm going to
just be very clear. And I know that answer is going to be controversial. But I think with things
having gone on this long to not even give a peek or an update or a hint of what's going on or what
to expect or what the game's going to look like or what I think it's just insulting at this point
if we go past, uh, another year. Cause when did they, I don't, I can't even remember when they
did the first reveal. Was it the games, uh, awards 2018 or something like that? I don't know. Anyway.
Um, Bobby and chat says, I've never heard of someone not buying a game because they didn't
get an update at a specific time. Again, I, I understand that at the end of the day,
they're going to release the game. They could just say, Oh, it's out tomorrow,
thwack. And it'll still sell pretty good, but will it sell breath of the wild good
or will it sell skyward sword? Good. I don't know. Anyway. All right. But there is something
you're underestimating though. Bobby who says I would have bought breath of the wild too,
when it came out, but since they didn't give us any info at E3 2020, I'm not pre-orders
and the industry puts a lot of stock in that. So anyway, I'm going to move on. Uh,
what was, uh, let's see. I want to see if there's anything else on this. Usually
Nintendo is kind of the end of like the big E3 week, but I guess Bandai Namco
is also doing something on Tuesday. We just don't know what time, uh, Elden Ring is still
sort of that it's hanging out there. We don't really know like what's going on with that.
Who knows? Um, there is a Steam Next Fest starting on Wednesday. So Valve doing a virtual
festival that will have demos and things like that within the Steam store, who knows if they'll
be doing anything themselves within Steam that is on the 16th. As we start to get further and
further out, we get to Wednesday, the 23rd of June, where the Sonic Symphony Orchestra
that before, uh, mentioned Sonic stream earlier in the show that is actually happening on June 23rd.
The Microsoft Windows reveal is happening on June 24th. And then, uh, of course,
Summer Games Done Quick starts on the 4th of July and, uh, let's see, what else do we have way out?
OEA Play is, uh, July 22nd. So lots and lots to look forward to throughout the summer,
but it's going to be a busy week next week. Uh, and especially as we get into the week after that
as well. So we're going to finally be talking about a lot of new games, uh, in the coming weeks
here at OLR. But for now, let's talk about the games that we have been playing this past week,
uh, or I suppose two weeks if you want, in the segment called How Is Your Gaming Week?
Let's go to Dark Sakura. I have been playing a lot of Dead by Daylight. I'm trying to get better,
and I'm trying to get that face thing for Plague at the end of, uh, the third, uh,
whatever the tome thing is. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The Rift. Yeah. The Rift. Um,
and I've, of course, been playing Fantasian, um, really enjoying Fantasian, just trying to
explore and take my time with it while, you know, I've got folks watching. Um,
I've been playing Wardscape still, um, um, playing Animal Crossing. Um, so those are all my usuals.
Um, I did, I'm actually going to be trying down the line some, uh, uh, Mario 64 ROM hacks. I
haven't decided which one I want to start with, but those are going to be coming up as soon as I
can get something that will work on my Mac. Nice. Oh, and Guns N' Roses Pinball.
Of course, Pinball. Of course, Pinball. All right. Um, let's move on. Uh, Loki,
how was your gaming week? Um, my gaming week was, like I said, you know,
it's pretty much been Minecraft. I did play occasionally some Orna when I go places. Um,
but that's pretty much it. It's just been, just been Minecraft. You've really been pouring a lot
into Minecraft, huh? Yes. I, this week. So like I built my shop in our shopping district, which is
enormous. So they'll be in the next video. And there was a, another community challenge was the
one chunk build challenge. So I built a giant redstone rollercoaster in that. And so it's
incredibly elaborate, um, also in the video. So, um, that'll be coming soon. You can see
all the stuff I worked on this week. All right. Uh, let's see my gaming week. Um,
I, a lot of the same stuff, honestly, still been going in dead by daylight myself. Um,
uh, got my survivor up to rank eight. So I feel like I'm, which is weird because I don't have all
the talents you really need, but, um, I've gotten pretty good at hunting totems and, uh, for better
for worse, when haunted ground is in play for those that play the game. Uh, and I'm getting
really good at evading. Uh, I'm sorry, not like looping. When I get in the chase with the killer,
I kinda start to flop. I need to get better at looping killers. Although, uh, at the killer
shack, I'm getting better because that's like the easiest place to loop a killer. So I'm getting
better at looping a killer shack. Um, and if you don't know what all this stuff means, uh, watch
one of dark Sakura streams or, or one of the many people that streamed dead by daylight here, um,
or one of these days I'll finally freaking stream, uh, Alan alchemy. Of course, my husband does a lot
of great streams too with a dead by daylight. Um, but, uh, um, I'm getting a little better with
that, but I'm pretty good at being stealth in the first place and just not getting caught by the
killer. Um, however, you don't get a lot of points by doing that. And I wish, I wish the game did
reward stealth play a little more. Um, but you really have to be like willing to rescue people
from hooks and be what they call altruistic in the game, um, to, uh, really, uh, up your, um,
points. So I've been playing that. Um, I've also been playing, of course, Final Fantasy 14 still,
I did Pokemon go community day today. There was a huge Pokemon go community day today. It was gibble,
which is one that the fans, you know, it's a pretty rare to spawn Pokemon. And I think this
is one that the fans have been requesting for some time. So I think this was a good time with, um,
you know, COVID restrictions starting to ease and of course outdoor activity is, you know,
really safe, you know, uh, at least if you listen to the CDC, um, this was a great day to do that,
uh, to kind of like welcome people back to Pokemon go. Um, I caught 10 shinies in like 90 minutes and
that was enough for me. I already had two shiny gibles. So I was a little sad that those got
devalued, but that's all right. Uh, I caught 10 more shinies and decided to call it a day,
by the way, if you want to know, Oh yes. And I think, uh, yeah. Uh, Mike Defton chat says
I went all Shane and got 42. Oh, y'all want to hear the text message from Shane? Hold on. I got
it. Ended at 59. I wanted one more so you can have a nice round number. I suppose 59 shinies.
That guy caught, wow. Uh, I was fine with 10. That was, that was enough for me. I don't know what I
would do at 59 shinies. So, all right. Uh, but gibble, I do love the shiny gibble. And remember
for those that know, Shane, the shiny gibble is blue, which is also, you know, another.
Oh, well that says it all right there. Exactly. Right. Exactly. Exactly. So there's that. Um,
and, uh, I played a little more mass effect, legendary edition, which I know I, uh, popped
off as the kids say a couple of weeks ago. Um, but since we had the end of May and the last,
you know, week, last two weeks, uh, I had about 70 gigs left in my bandwidth for the month.
So I was like, all right, let me grab this mass effect, a legendary patch. You know,
I was behind on my patches. So I had like, I don't know, 11 or 12 gigs to download.
So I downloaded that patch and then continued my adventures in mass effect one. Um, and, um, yeah,
I was having a, I was having a fine time with it, trying to grind some of the achievements and
things like that. And I, the mass effect one does play so much better. Like it's a great time to
jump in and experience the trilogy. If you've never played before, I would still maybe give it
another couple months just to make sure they're not going to do any more patches. Um, but I think
this is a it's, it's getting there, I suppose. Um, so, uh, yeah. Um, what was I going to say
with that? Uh, Oh yeah. Shane had texted me. Apparently there are still bugs. He sent me
a video where he got his character stuck in the Citadel, uh, and was like bouncing around and
stuff. So, uh, it's still got its issues, but I didn't find them for whatever it's worth. And I,
I don't know if the average player will, but, uh, yeah. So I did, I did, I did play a little more
mass effect legendary edition. Um, you know, since I had the bandwidth to download, um,
uh, the patch, I don't know when I'll be able to start two and three since I cannot install from
the disks. So we'll have to see how the bandwidth looks this month, but at least it's only a 30 day
month. There's that. All right. Um, I guess that's that for my gaming week. So, um, I don't
really have any other housekeeping or news of note, so I think we will get into, Oh, I guess
I should say for the housekeeping segment, uh, we are collecting channel points over at, uh, our
Twitch stream over at VOG network. Uh, and if we get enough points, which, uh, on the current
trajectory, I think we will, uh, we are going to present a special stream, uh, for folks at VOG
network. It's going to be orange lounge radio episode one with commentary from myself,
dark Sakura and Loki. And that should be interesting because episode one, um, is probably
not a great piece of media, but I think it's a great opportunity for us to really look at how
far we've come in the last 19 years and really talk about, you know, some of the stuff behind
the formation of the show that maybe we haven't gotten into on the show before. I think it'd be
a fun time to, uh, jump back, uh, and take a look. So tell, tell some stories to the children of the
olden days. Right guys. All right. Anyhow, horror of me in my twenties. Oh God. Yeah.
Hearing myself in my twenties is not something I'm looking forward to. Um, and I, I already know
we're going to say something that's going to be like, Oh God, I wish I hadn't said that, or I
wouldn't have said that today. I know there's going to be something in there that's going to
make me do that. But I think that's also part of, um, I think looking back, acknowledging that and
going, wow, I've grown since then, um, is, is a good thing. I do. So, uh, we'll do that. So, all
right. Uh, let's move on. Let's get into, uh, this week in gaming news. And I believe we start off
with Loki. Yeah. So we've got an announcement of a brand new mini console. Um, this is kind of
similar to the one that Sega put out a while back. That was the Sega Astro city cabinet.
This one is a Taito egret too many, and it's full of different games, classic games, obviously.
Um, they're going to have a 40 games in their total. They've only announced some of them so far,
but of course, big names like space invaders, lunar rescue kicks, elevator action,
bubble bobble, rainbow islands, extra New Zealand story. Um, they also have several different
like controller setups that you can get as well. Um, which looked kind of cool and yeah,
it's supposed to be priced at about 18,678 yen, which is about $170. And it's coming out next
year. So March 2nd, 2022 in Japan, obviously. All right. I, yeah, I did see the different,
like, I want to say they had different like setups for like the actual control panel.
So they even have like, say a, um, Oh, they called it the paddle and trackball games. So I
don't know if they actually have a paddle and stuff in there, but, um, arcinoids in there as
well and arcinoid returns. Um, but yeah, pretty cool lineup. Yeah. And I love the, the monitor
thing is pretty cool. So yeah. Um, I, uh, I don't know how many arcade replicas I can fit in my
house, but that does sound nice. Uh, especially, uh, you know, there's stuff coming up later,
but, uh, arcade went up, but I mean, we all know that's a thing. Uh, dark soccer has got
pinball machines to deal with as well. It's almost like there's too many big collectibles
All right. Let's talk about some virtual things. Yeah. Never enough is the correct,
uh, answer, I suppose. All right. Let's talk about things that are virtual in the game creating
space. Facebook has made another purchase this week. Um, which, you know, man, I'm not a huge
fan of Facebook, but this one at least makes a little bit of sense to me. I think even if you
were kind of like, I don't understand why Facebook bought Oculus, even though I think that actually
does make a lot of sense, but we're not going to retread that old ground tonight. Uh, this,
this is an interesting one. So they've bought a game making platform called U well unit two games
is who they bought unit two games made something called Crayta. This is a collaborative game
creating platform that was built on unreal engine four. It's actually in Google Stadia,
uh, which I didn't realize at all. Maybe I didn't play around with Stadia enough. Uh, I doubt you've
come across this. You're, you're kind of the Stadia fan in the house, dark soccer, but I doubt
you've come across this yet. Oh, maybe you did. I don't know. I have it. Oh, have you, oh, have you
played around with it at all? No, it was free. Oh, huh. Uh, I remember seeing some of like the
previews and the trailers for it. So I thought it was interesting, but yeah, so it started as a
Stadia, uh, exclusive, but now Facebook is going to be absorbing this team and now Facebook has a
part of the technology. Uh, however, uh, in the FAQs that were posted about this acquisition,
uh, this team is not going to stop working on Crayta. The game will still continue to be
available. So don't think that, Oh, they're going to shut down the Stadia one and move it to
Facebook or whatever it is. Although I imagine Facebook is going to be getting its own version
of this, but Facebook has purchased the company to make game creation, more accessible and easy
to use. And they're looking to integrate Crayta's creation tool set into Facebook gaming's cloud
platform to instantly deliver new experiences via Facebook. Now, keep in mind in Crayta,
you can make your own games, you know, it's, it's kind of limited coding, uh, whatever your comfort
level is there. Uh, and then folks play the games and you can, they can actually earn money for,
I'd say you can earn money when they play your games. Um, so that's kind of interesting. Uh,
is that maybe there's going to be a whole little money-making thing there that Facebook wants to
get in on. Um, I don't know. Any thoughts on that with Facebook getting into that? Uh, I kind of
does. It really does. Yeah. I was thinking of something like that. Something that is,
you know, it all comes down to money anyway, but I think that they're trying to get in on the
younger market. Yes, that's for sure. Uh, going to our chat, uh, Legend of Zaku. Welcome back,
by the way. And chat says, I can't see how this is a plus for Facebook other than to milk it to
holy hell. Well, if they see money in it, that's how it's a plus for Facebook, but I could see how
they might want to integrate it within Facebook where it's like, imagine if you're scrolling on
your Facebook feed, right? And one thing you scroll across is, Hey, Oh, here's Bobby Blackwolf,
uh, who just posted an update. Check out my newest version of flappy vog. And now it's right there
on the feed. And you could check that out or you're scrolling past. There's Loki,
here's pixel poops recreated in crater or YY or whoever makes it. And you can play it, uh, in your
Facebook feed. I kind of think that might be a direction that Facebook's going in with that.
Just like I always thought their Oculus acquisition was less about the games and more
about, they want to be able to deliver like experiences in VR. They want to be able to have a
Facebook feed in VR, so to speak. I think that's where they want really want to be a few years from
now. Maybe not. It may be a hard thing to envision right now, but imagine if you, instead of reading
somebody's update, got to experience somebody's update. I think that's where Facebook moves with
Oculus. And I think that's where they want to experience my updates. And, and that's why I
also kind of think like Facebook, it's a bit much, but I just feel like that's what they, that's
where they're going with this is why not make your up? Why not make life updates experiences?
And maybe you're not going to do it dark soccer, but I bet there's a lot of people,
you know, especially as more and more younger folks are growing up with things like TikTok,
Facebook, Instagram, uh, Twitter, all integrated into culture. I bet there's people that are going
to be more than willing to share stuff, maybe too much so, uh, in this. The thing is, is that people
are getting away from Facebook. I mean, this is my thought of like them trying to find a way to
bring people back, but fair in the end, their usage in certain demographics is way decreased.
Yeah. I guess I don't think I've posted anything on Facebook other than,
oh, we have OLR and I've done like Instagram stuff. I rarely post to Facebook anymore myself.
Um, because, uh, you know, when I have a quick thought, Twitter's usually easier, but also just
like, and, and somebody was saying this on a podcast and I'm sorry, I don't remember who
was saying it or what podcast, cause I was absorbing a lot of the last couple of weeks
and a lot of driving that I was doing. But, um, somebody had said that, you know,
Facebook was great when it was actually people's updates and pictures and things that were actually
about people. But now you go on Facebook and all it is, it's headlines, it's clips, it's, um,
uh, copy pasted links. It's, you know, uh, uh, things that are curated to get this emotional
response from you to click an article. And it's not like the personality has been sucked out of
Facebook. I think that was a great way of analyzing personal posts, you know, like Instagram is,
you know, basically where my pictures come from. And, you know, I haven't logged into my,
my sister's Facebook in two months for, for sisters of professional indulgence.
But, um, but you know, I'm not saying like this live journal, you know, I'm not saying you
specifically, or even the people in chat that are saying something similar specifically. I'm
just saying Facebook as a whole is just hard to get through because it's nothing but emotional
response crap. Yeah. And I'm, I think we're all, I want nothing to do with it. Yeah, I get you.
Whatever happened to that pillow fort that was kind of like modern live journals,
they ever come back, they got pulled offline for like a security thing. Did they ever come back?
Remember you and I posted on there like twice and then they took it down.
I have to look into that. All right. I have to look. I was eating eggs.
No, you're fine. You're fine. Um, so I have to look into that. I am about to toss over the
next story though. Just be warned. Uh, but I'm looking here. Okay, good. Looking in our chat, um,
bonds, double six and chat says I post to Nami is back bitches every Saturday at 12.
That's the bulk of my Facebook posts. That's fine. And that's a lot of what I see on Twitter,
honestly, is that type of thing. So, uh, bonds double six also says I've been doing that for
years. I have friends that DM me if I'm three minutes late. I love that. That's funny. All
right. For the record, I just logged into pillow fort. Oh, so it works again. Looks like it's back.
All right. I'll have to go make an update. That's fun. Follow me, you guys. All right.
Let's get into our next story though. Uh, dark side, speaking of people moving, right?
Well, this isn't just moving. This is complete leaving. Um, Yuji Naka, the man, the legend,
um, he has, uh, confirmed that he's left, uh, squinnicks. Um, he, uh, he actually did resign
from his position in April. Um, he says he can't talk about it, but he's considering retiring from
video games altogether. Um, the quote, and I'll just read it directly translated. Of course,
due to inquiries from the media and users on Twitters, I resigned from square annex at the end
of April, 2021. I cannot tell you why right now, but I hope to be able to tell you when the time
comes as for my future plans, I'm already 55 years old. So retirement is in the cards. Here is a photo
that was taken for the Sega console Historia interview. So it's a cute photo.
So I've seen this has to do with Bella and Wonderland not being so wonderful.
It did not sell well in Japan. It, uh, apparently the sales, I don't know how it did here,
but I don't think it did very well here either. And I think, I think it was that demo. I think
that demo scared so many people off. Uh, I think it's gonna, I think this could be one for,
you know, the, the history archives about, um, what to not do with your demo. But I think at the end,
at the end, um, but Nino Cooney still sold enough to make a sequel, even though that demo was
terrible, but I don't know if it's just maybe the state of social media now versus the state
of social media when Nino Cooney's demo was out, which was a long time ago at this point. Um,
but that really to, and I, to be fair, I don't think the game either really got a,
turned a lot of heads. Some people are really into it. That game definitely has its defenders
and I haven't played it. So I don't have an opinion either way, but I can say the way y'all
reacted to it, uh, made me go and I can pass on this, but it's sad for somebody like Yuji Naka,
who has such a legendary resume. Um, but at the same time, sometimes, sometimes great artists flop
and it happens. It happens in music. I have a picture of Dan and Yuji Naka from the early
2000s. Oh, that's awesome. From like E3 or something. Look at Mighty No. 9. I mean,
that was something that like had the pedigree to be really great, but it just didn't end up
working out. Yeah. And this, this happens sometimes in, in like music, like, uh, Kelly
Clarkson's My December album compared to her others, not her greatest one. And there's,
there's plenty of others too. I don't know why that one came to mind. I'm trying to think of
musicians where it's like, they released a real stinker, but a lot of their albums are usually
pretty better well-received. Uh, and movies. I'm sure y'all know, I'm sure y'all know a director
who makes great movies, but then they put out a real, a real turd once in a while. Like it
happens, right? So, um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, uh, Saint Anger by Metallica is an example
of what I was talking about. Um, so, uh, PixelPakas agrees. This is My December. Yep.
Uh, and, uh, there are folks in chat are talking about if, uh, uh, the Battle of Wonderland,
it flopped hard. Uh, Square has already put it on sale at least once, says Sacred Jade.
Uh, Mike Deff says not even like two weeks after release and it's already $20 USD off.
Yep. Uh, Questbuster in chat says Shroud of the Avatar by Richard Garriott. Oh,
how about you want to talk Lord British? What about his, uh, MMO Tabula Rasa? That's there's,
there you go. That was a stinker, um, for his resume too, even though obviously he's an all
time great and so forth, but, uh, yeah. Um, so anyway, I'm not, you know, it's a bummer though,
that it, all it took was like this one game and now Yuji Naka is like, eh, maybe I won't be doing
anything else for Square Enix, but I'm sure Square Enix saw this as being like a franchise. And
clearly that's not going to happen. Right. So, yeah, I still kind of want to play it.
Yeah. Well, and the good news for what it's worth is that it'll probably be very cheap to do so. Um,
it'll probably be a free game of the month on some services or a game pass thing or whatever
pretty well. Did it come out on Xbox? I can't even remember. Uh, it'll be, it'll be on all
sorts of those services pretty soon. All right. Anyhow, let's move on. Um, let's,
let's talk about things that went from bad to good. Yeah. I'm surprised to see that we're
still getting more updates. So like, this is like completely, we just had an update not that long
ago, but now of course, a hello game saying hello, here's yet another update. Um, so they released
prisms, which is a update for no man's sky that adds several different features of the game,
including some additional, uh, graphic improvements, including fur, uh, light
refraction in the rain, more details to the cave environments, reflective metal in space stations
and more also flying, um, pet mounts that you can get. And yeah, I mean, it just looks pretty cool.
I'm just surprised to see, like, like I thought we were at a point where like, yeah, this is
pretty good now. And now they're like, but you know what? It could be even better. Yeah. Right.
Um, and you look, I'm the resident, no man's sky fan boy here, I think in the house. And I played
this update a little bit. I'm kind of waiting on expedition three, you know, expedition two ended
with the big surprise that you unlock the Normandy, but we're in a low right now. There is no active
expedition. So you just have the base game right now. You can use all the rewards that you've done
through expeditions and stuff, but, um, that that's it. Right. So I'm kind of waiting on
expedition three to really jump back in, but I did look a little bit, um, at some of the changes.
Like I played for maybe like 30 minutes and yeah, they, they really enhance the space station with
like a better background. It looks really cool. And, uh, you know, when you're like,
walking on the floor and stuff, it's really, um, yeah, it does like, it's, you can notice some of
the visual updates. It looks really good, but the crazy part is, and Loki, you're kind of referring
to this, is that they just did a graphical update to this game in November. They, they just,
cause they did the big update to make it next gen, uh, from, or, you know, from PS4 type graphics
to PS5 type graphics. That was just in November. And now we're getting another big graphical
update. That's crazy. I really need to go back and play this game. I have it on PC,
never played it on PC, but like, I bet it was just like incredible now. Although the longer I wait,
the better it's going to look. So that's, I'll just wait a little bit longer, I guess.
Yeah. Uh, SSU100Matt in chat says, no man's sky is one of those great gaming comeback stories,
perhaps the greatest. And Miltonias Games in chat follows that up saying no man's sky and Final
Fantasy 14 are right up there for biggest turnaround. And yeah, I'd agree with that.
I mean, the only other thing I can think of that's nearly as big is Final Fantasy 14. And
I think what makes 14's trajectory unique is that 14 is still growing. It's still getting more and
more fans. And there was a very, you know, just a tangent a little bit, but you guys all know,
I follow Final Fantasy 14 stuff. There was a really interesting interview that just came
out with Yoshi P where he kind of talked about, they intentionally did not advertise during the
pandemic to make it look like they were capitalizing on the stay at home situation
and all that, which I thought was really, um, classy. Um, but at the same time, he didn't deny
that the game has been there for people in this whole, you know, COVID and quarantine time and
the pandemic and all that. So he sort of acknowledged, yes, it's helped the game,
but we've tried not to lean into that too much. Um, but you know, uh, not every video game grew
during the pandemic. Sure. Things like Animal Crossing did as well, but you know, for every
huge, you know, game that took off during the pandemic, there were still some stinkers.
We could talk about some games that didn't make that same turnaround. Hello, Anthem.
Oops. It was supposed to, but it didn't. Oops. Um, I would say the only other game that really
comes close that I can think of off the top of my head is Diablo 3, but I would, I mean,
and don't, I'm not trying to sell short Diablo 3's turnaround, which was huge. And it was probably
the first out of all these games. But, uh, I really think Final Fantasy 14 story and now No
Man's Sky story again is one for the history books, uh, as far as I'm concerned, which is
pretty cool. Huh? Uh, Mike Deaf says Super Mario Party with its online update. I don't think Super
Mario Party was quite as, um, raked over the coals as the other games when they first came out.
So, um, Miltonias Games pointing out Elder Scrolls Online also did good. That's true.
Elder Scrolls Online, I think also has their next big update, like what? June 15th. It's really
soon. That's another one I need to check out because I tried the beta back when it was like
first available and I just could not get into it. Like it just wasn't like, I like Elder Scrolls
and I can play it online. Sweet. But then, then I played them like, this isn't like Skyrim at all.
And then, so I just kind of like fell out of it, but like, maybe that I think it's still a game
pass. So maybe it is. It is. And, um, you know, again, not to, not to like belittle this comment,
you know, about Elder Scrolls Online, but one thing I do want to point out why it's not usually
said in the same breath. Look at the reviews with, when Elder Scrolls Online first came out
and when Final Fantasy 14 1.0 first came out. I don't think Elder Scrolls Online got rave reviews,
but it did not get completely shit on like Final Fantasy 14 1.0 did and deservedly so. And you guys
all know I'm a huge Final Fantasy 14 fan boy. 1.0 is the worst MMO I've ever played. It is fucking
terrible. Um, and it, that game went through a complete transformation. And so I think that's
why you don't often hear it in the same, you don't hear like Elder Scrolls Online in the same
breath, not to belittle or, uh, you know, uh, minimize the achievements that that game has
had over the years. But it went from, it's all right to, oh, neat. It's still going after all
these years. Whereas Final Fantasy 1.0 was like, this is fucking garbage, mom, to it's incredible.
And, you know, probably the biggest MMO out there right now. Like, I do think we're at a point
where Final Fantasy 14 is said more than WoW is. I think that's the reality, you know? So,
but I thought, again, there was a really cool interview with Yoshi P. I think it was the same
interview actually, where he kind of acknowledged Final Fantasy 14 would not have been reborn in
this way if it wasn't for WoW. And he says, I'm a Blizzard fan boy. I've been able to go to
Blizzard's campus like three times and I've had a great time every time. And I love talking to their
team and, and I love hearing how many people at Blizzard play the game. And, um, yeah. So
I think it's, I think it's great that there is that love between the two. Um, and maybe Blizzard
maybe is thinking maybe it's time for successor to World of Warcraft. I don't know. I don't know.
I'm, I'm probably getting ahead of myself. Yeah. And like, it might just be, I think,
and there's not, I think WoW has just lived its life, you know? And sure you come at me with the
EverQuest has 29 expansions or whatever. Sure. Fine. Yes. Yes. Like even, even with that though,
like eventually it has to end. I mean, it's just going forever. Cause it's just, it looks,
it starts to get dated. I mean like it, they want to put something out more modern to draw people
in. Let me rephrase. I think this says it better. World of Warcraft has peaked.
Final Fantasy 14 doesn't seem like it's peaked yet.
So, and this next expansion may make it even bigger. So I think that's the key difference.
So anyway, uh, all right. Uh, let's move on. I'm talking, I went from No Man's Sky to MMO chat,
but, uh, you know, these are, these are genres I'm passionate about. What can I say? Let's say,
Hey, a lot of people have passion for Nintendo as well. And what if you could visit an official
Nintendo museum? That sounds pretty rad, right? In fact, actually I think a lot of the reason
people love to go to the New York city store is that they have like, it's very, very, but it
feels like a Nintendo shrine of sorts. Yes. With lots and lots of merchandise to sell you,
but they have like those tiny little exhibits upstairs. Like, Oh, here's the game boy that
got destroyed in desert storm. Right. They have those things at the New York city store. Um,
I think a lot of people would love to see a actual large Nintendo museum and guess what?
One is coming. Uh, in about three years, you're going to get to visit a museum in Japan. So you
got to go there, but celebrating everything about Nintendo, they are going to be repurposing
an old factory into a gallery that will showcase consoles and other products that Nintendo has
launched throughout Nintendo's history. Uh, they're hoping to make it a tourist attraction.
So it's going to be the Uji Ogura plant, uh, and the surrounding land will be taking, uh,
taking that on. Uh, and I think this has to do they're, they're choosing this because the
Oguro station is also being, uh, re redeveloped in Japan. Um, so that's pretty cool. This is by
the way, right outside Kyoto. Um, and, uh, this is hopefully a way to bring back more tourists.
So that's pretty rad. Uh, this plant, by the way, used to manufacture playing cards and the
Hanafuda cards. Uh, and it was also a customer service site for product repairs. And so now,
this that's all moved to a newer factory. Uh, or are you showing some of those cards on stream
right now? Dark Sakura looks like, yeah, I have the Mario Hanahuda cards. You can order
them, um, actually on Nintendo's website. So the Nintendo gallery, uh, which is the early name for
this project, no word on when it will open yet, but they're targeting March, 2024. So that's
pretty exciting. Lots of stuff to, uh, visit in Japan in 2024. Um, the legend is Zaku and chat
says Japan done fucked up COVID after initially doing very well against it last year. I think
it's probably one of those things where it just, the surge didn't hit until later and it's, it's
unfortunate. It's probably going to ruin the Olympics. Yeah, it's, it is. You're, you're seeing
other countries now kind of going through it. Like obviously what, what happened in India is just
horrific. Words can't even describe it. India though did have a mass mismanagement. Um,
yeah, Japan actually being a society that already masks was really good in the beginning for holding
out. Um, it's just the way that they were dealing with vaccinations. I'm really glad we're starting
to pass off some of our surplus vaccinations to other parts of the world. I think that's a great
thing. It makes me, makes me happy to be an American when sometimes, especially in the last
four years, there were not, I wasn't always feeling that way when I got out of bed. So
that's great. All right. Um, let's move on. What do we have next? Dark Sagra.
Well, um, there is more law site law, lawsuit news. Um, Nintendo filed a lawsuit against a
ROM website called ROM universe and that was in 2019. Um, and it has since been concluded,
the judge has ruled in Nintendo's favor saying that ROM universe, and I'm going to quote,
is a straightforward video game piracy case, the, the, the situation. Um, and that the site was
quote populated the website with pirated copies of thousands of different Nintendo games and
distributed hundreds of thousands of copies of those pirated games because, uh, they also
sold paid premium accounts. So, um, so basically they were making money off of pirated material
instead of it just being like a free to download kind of thing. Um, so, uh, basically, um,
they, Nintendo was seeking over 15 million in copyright and trademark infringement damages.
Um, the company is going to be paying less than that. They ruled, uh, 35,000, uh, in statutory
damages for the 49 copyrights, uh, is enough. So they'll be paying 1.7 million. Um, Nintendo was
looking for 90,000 to per work. So this is better for the company, but, um, the total that they're
going to be receiving is 2,115,000. So don't sell ROMs.
Don't sell them, give them for free.
Which I guess this site, it kind of did that, but they had the subscription thing, right?
Uh, yeah, that was the thing. And they, they sold premium subscriptions.
Yeah. Yeah. Don't, don't make money off Nintendo. They have a way of finding you and,
and, uh, destroying you. Their, their fingers are up everyone's ass and not in a good way.
And I was going to say, I was going to say, not everybody's going to complain about that.
Anyway, Loki quick change the subject.
All right. Well, I mean, I'd like to change the subject, but, um, topic of ass we're
talking about the Atari VCS console coming out. Um, eh, yeah, it's finally out, I guess,
but I mean, I'm, I don't know. Um, it's coming out on the 15th of June. It's going to be
starting at $300, but apparently they have a version with a classic, you know,
Atari 26 under controller and you know, your modern controller for $400, um, be available
in retail soon. Is it any good? I don't know. It's like a PC, I guess, but I'm not all that
excited about it to be honest. I mean, the console is a cool shape, but it's just, it's basically
just a rising chip in there. So if I wanted one of those, I just build my own PC.
Any, uh, Atari VCS fans in the house and chat anybody, uh, pre-ordering their Atari VCS.
No, like, I, I know I'm sounding very, but I literally want to know, like,
what is motivating people to get this system?
Yeah. I mean, it's, I don't know. It's just not something I'm looking for. I like the case. I
like the design of it. It would have been cool if it was like a dedicated console that
they had more, you know, into it, but like, it sounded like it was just like a PC running
something that I think that's already available right now. They have like some Atari software
that's already available. You can play some of these classic games on, but I don't know.
It's just not as cool as it originally sounded. When's the Atari hotel coming? Let's talk about
something that's that's positive. Is it? I don't know. I figured the pandemic,
well, I figured the pandemic fucked it all up, but I'm, I'm still all about staying at the
Atari hotel. I mean, that does look pretty cool. And I mean, maybe I'll get to play a VCS at the
Atari hotel, the hotel, you know, they'll have it in each room. Uh, the hotel kind of looks more
like Tron than it does Atari hotel. I failed to see the problem. I don't, I'm not seeing that's
a bad thing. I'm saying that maybe they should lean that direction a little bit more than the
Atari thing. Um, yeah, it's coming in 2022 right now. So not yet, but yeah, I mean,
I figured the pandemic slowed those plans down, but yeah, it's way better than what the Hooters
hotel they have, or I know they have a hotel. It's all woodgrain and it's something trashy like that
pass. Yeah. All right. Moving on. Oh, pixel pockets clarifies the Hooters hotel is gone.
Oh, was it in Florida? This sounds like a Florida thing. No, no, no. It was in Vegas. Um, it's been
a long time since I've been to Vegas. It was on a business trip and I saw that when we were going to,
um, Oh gosh, what was it? Uh, to, to shoe company. Um, I don't remember, but they were going to,
they were going to buy games. Um, I remember this being a thing now. Yes. Zappos when we were going
to Zappos, uh, we drove past it and I was like, that looks trashy. I wonder what, I wonder what
turnover the casinos has happened in Vegas during the pandemic. Cause I know Hard Rock's gone.
It's now, it's now the Virgin hotel or something like that Richard Branson's, uh, Virgin. Um, so
I'm curious how that all probably looks at this point, but, uh, I wonder what other casino
turnovers have happened. I wonder if there will be an Atari, uh, casino in Vegas at some point,
who knows? Uh, Questbuster says there's a new mega hotel opening up next to the Wynn.
Where did they have room next to the Wynn? I guess I'm on top of each other. No,
that where the Stardust used to be, I think was, was, uh, still open. Maybe I, my memory's a little
fuzzy, but anyway. All right. Uh, let's move on this. Speaking of things from the past,
I think this is very interesting. Uh, we have Ken and Roberta Williams back in the news. Um,
you thought they were retired and, and quite frankly, so did they probably, but they got
bored. I have a feeling and, you know, Bobby talked a little bit about this on his show too,
but it is, it's, it's a thought I certainly had as well as that, you know what? Um,
they were probably ready to sail around the world, do the, you know, months long cruise,
go travel to all these different places and then up. Can't do that right now. Right. Bad idea.
So maybe we'll just get right back into making a video game or at least, you know, I don't
especially hearing about this project. I don't think they're like really getting in there the
way they used to with the classic Sierra online games, but even to see them contributing to a
newer game is, you know, it's a neat thought and a neat idea. It's just neat that we haven't seen
the last of Ken and Roberta Williams. So what the hell is going on? Let's, uh, talk about it.
They are working on a new game, uh, with a 3d artist, Marcus Maximus Mara. We don't know the,
uh, project title beyond something called the secret. We don't know if that's like actually
the name of the game. Uh, I would, I would hope this would not be confused with that book
that was on every talk show, uh, in what the two thousands. Right. So anyway, uh, this is a game
called the secret for now. Um, or it's just, you know, a secret. Um, there is a website that you
can visit. Uh, it's at kensgame.com. If you want to see more about it. Um, not a lot of details on
the game yet, but it talks about what's going on behind the scenes. What is it going to be?
A Sierra flavored or a Sierra inspired a Sierra, you know, a hint of Sierra game,
uh, single player game. Think things like King's quest. Larry, it's going to be an adventure game.
Modern audiences will be in mind though. And you know, they, they did a King's quest reboot. They
not Ken and Roberta, but they being another company did a King's quest reboot probably
about five years ago at this point. And it wasn't bad at all. I enjoyed it. I didn't play the whole
thing, but I played like the first episode, maybe a little bit of the second and I enjoyed it. Um,
so I think, you know, if it's something along those lines, Hey, I'm happy anyway. Um, especially,
you know, I would love to see Ken and Roberta Williams take on the walking SIM genre. I know
that that's sometimes used as a negative. I see walking SIM as a positive. There are so many good
games such as, you know, everybody's gone to the rapture, dear Esther, um, uh, what remains of
Edith Finch, you know, so many great games. Uh, I would love to see their take on that. I don't
know if that's going to be this cause it's going to be a little more Sierra inspired, but, uh,
yeah, who knows, who knows where this could actually end up going. Um, they've been developing
this game over the past six months. They do. They are warning you on the game's website that
Roberta's involvement has been kind of minimal, but she's supposed to be getting more involved
as they get closer to release. So I don't really know what that actually means. It sounds like
maybe she's not doing the bulk of the writing, but maybe she's contributing ideas, plot twists,
things like that. I don't know. Um, we'll see as this develops, their goal is to release the game
in November, but they're still working with placeholder graphics. And so I have a feeling
this is not going to be, and most people have a feeling this isn't actually going to happen
this year. Um, but maybe demos and screenshots at a later date. Um, supposedly another contributor
on this project as well. They haven't named yet. Um, so I don't know, again, don't think that like
they're building a game from the ground up, like they did in the eighties and nineties,
because video games aren't made today. Like they were made in the eighties and nineties, right?
It wasn't uncommon for one person to make a game in the eighties and nineties. Now it takes a team
of people. And I know what you're thinking. Yeah, there are plenty of ways for one per,
what about Axiom Verge? What about Pixel Poops? And there's plenty of games that one person can
make, but I think to fit their vision and what they want to do, they're going to need more than
just them to do it. So I think they're really kind of just contributing, you know, and, uh,
just not really leaving gaming behind, especially in the face of a pandemic and what's going on
with that. So, um, but I'll still play it. That's for sure. I'll check it out.
I think they're great. Um, looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash a vog network, uh,
Dr. Sia says, I'm tempted to start some of the older games because I got a hold of some of them
for free. Like the space and police quest games missed them back in the eighties and nineties
didn't get a PC till way past all of that. Just keep in mind, a lot of your modern conveniences
and adventure games, aren't going to necessarily be present, especially in the early, early Kings
quest games. It didn't start to get a little more graphical to like Kings quest for, um, was when
the interface really changed. So just, just keep that in mind. Um, and you can skip the last Kings
quest game, just, you know, all right. Yeah. Quest buster and chat says on Rob's note,
early adventure games love to kill the player, but that was kind of the fun. I mean, I know people
hate dying in games and having to start over, but it was kind of fun to see all the creative shit
that they'd kill your character with in those games. And it wasn't graphic or anything, you
know, it was a fantasy. It was just, you know, a lot of it was implied. So something to think
about there. All right. Um, let's move on. So this is going to be a fun surprise for people,
I think, because we have a fresh coat of paint on a very familiar segment. So let's get into it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault and pull out
a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right. And what is the classic game of the week?
Jamie, you're muted.
Then no one heard me say, Oh, fuck. Oh, wait, you did. Um, no, I didn't hear it either. You're
muted on discord. That's right. The classic game is portal two. Um, yes, it is that old.
You're welcome. So, um, at any rate, uh, portal two came out in 2011 in, uh, I want to say
April. So yes, it is, uh, 10. It is, uh, it's 10 years old.
Yep. You, you all should feel oldish. Um, so it was released, uh, by valve for windows,
Mac OS 10, Linux, uh, PlayStation three and X-Box three 60. Um, the digital version was, uh,
distributed online by valves steam service and the other retail, uh, additions were by electronic
arts. So basically it is a, uh, an update of the original portal with a lot more silliness.
Um, you, the one portal of one color, you come out through the portal of another color
and, uh, however, and by the way, you're still are, are, uh, controlling Chell, who is, uh,
the test subject. And she has been asleep for some time and was woken up by a robot or a, uh,
I guess he's a core really, um, named Wheatley who is voiced by Steven merchant. Um, and so, uh,
you go through the game and you start to discover other things, uh, other types of puzzles that were
being created and you, I mean, it's, it's 10 years. I'll go ahead and spoil it. Glados is
a potato. So you go around and you listen to old recordings of cave Johnson, which are absolutely
hilarious and brilliant. Um, and of course we have Jonathan Golden still doing, uh, the end
song for the game. Um, the other thing about this one too, is, uh, it had a bunch of AR games, uh,
that promoted it, including one called, uh, potato stack where, sorry, potato sack where, um,
you had to solve puzzles, uh, that showed up in, uh, in these different 13 updates. So, um,
but going back to this portal to also, uh, had other things going on for it. So we're
going to start back off with, you know, the essence of portal speedy thing goes in speedy
thing goes out. It's physics. Um, so, uh, Oh, and yes, uh, uh, cave Johnson was, uh,
voiced by J K Simmons who, uh, we might also know as J Jonah Jamison from our, uh, McGuire era
Spider-Man movies. I believe so. Um, modern Spider-Man, the modern ones. Okay. Yeah. I
thought it was a other era because this goes to show, I haven't seen a single one of the new ones.
Um, so anyway, um, you have, uh, many different elements in this one apart from just, you know,
the, uh, the, the weighted storage cubes and the portal guns and, um, the, uh, you know,
the portals themselves, what you have are thermal discouragement beams, which are lasers,
um, excursion funnels, which are tractor beams and hard light bridges that you can all direct
through your portals. Aerial faith plates exist as well, which can launch you or objects into
portals. Basically you just throw them on there. You do still have the turrets and they are still
adorable. Um, as far as those redesigned weighted storage cubes, you now have redirection cubes
that are prismatic and let you redirect the thermal discouragement beams. Um, you have
spherical edgeless safety cubes, um, which are basically round storage cubes, um, and a poor,
poor cube turret hybrid that Wheatley made and prominently fucked up on. Um, you also do have
a return of the weighted companion cube. Um, you also have, um, pneumatic diversity vents,
um, that have, uh, transport power, basically suction or transport. Um, those were actually
in the demo, but were not included in the final game. Um, as far as other things that you get,
um, again, this is something that was, uh, inspired by, uh, uh, by, uh, other games and tech
demos. I'll have to get into that in a second, but you get the various kinds of gels. So you have an
orange propulsion gel that will let you slide across surfaces quickly. You have repulsion gel
that makes you bounce and white conversion gel that allows a surface to accept portals because,
um, ground up, uh, moon rocks are poison and now he's deathly ill. Um, you have, uh, you also have
the various funnels that you can use to make it go across in the air or go, um, you know,
through the ground, um, like pull one, one direction versus the other. Uh, and then we also
have the addition of multiplayer. So, um, so you can in single player, you can play Chell, um, who
is the main protagonist. Um, there was also a rumor that there was supposed to be like a sister
character for her who was supposed to be blonde. Um, that did not happen. Um,
so this takes us then to cooperative mode. So with cooperative mode, you can play as one of two
robots. Um, and see, this is where the, the Chell clone was supposed to come from. Um, so you have,
uh, two new robots, you have, uh, Atlas and Peabody as in P dash body. And they do also
make a cameo in the single player, uh, campaign. If you are quick and you have to be quick to see
them. Um, but you, you have like signals and pings and stuff, you know, which actually I wonder if
that's kind of where dead by daylight might've gotten some of that or from journey, maybe
where since survivors can't really talk to each other unless you're, you know, in discord or
something, you signal things so they can ping each other and signal, um, to state their intent. Um,
their, the writing in this is absolutely astounding. I mean, it's so good. So good.
Voice acting is so good. Um, the, the only thing, um, that there was a problem going on is that
there was a very, and I'm just going to say it out, Raul, a very, uh, rapey scene that, um,
it actually was voiced, uh, Ellen McClain did her, her part of it as GLaDOS. Well, not as GLaDOS,
but as, uh, um, why can't I think of her name, um, as the human person that GLaDOS is based off of,
um, like for like just a moment, my brain absolutely cannot remember her name anyway.
Um, but at any rate, um, uh, the cave Johnson lines, um, basically, uh, JK Simmons refused
to record them. Um, so that's very, uh, very cringy. Um, why can't I remember her name?
This is going to really bother me now because I can't remember her name.
Mike Deft is suggesting Miranda. No, it's not Miranda. It's, um, okay, screw it. I'm going
to look up her name. Uh, looking at chat for some other comments, um, tiger claw pointing out portal
two was one of the first games that was kind of cross platform. You buy the PlayStation three
version and it gives you the PC version and you sign into your steam account in the PC or PS3
version. Yeah. I remember that. That was really cool. So the only game that did that.
Okay. So, um, so get ready to catch me. It still is not, uh, she was, um, Caroline.
That was your name was Caroline. Yep. Yep. Um, and I knew it didn't start with an M.
Um, but at any rate, I mean, it's just so well done and I love Stephen merchant so much,
especially as, uh, um, Wheatley, I mean, it just made everything. Everything was so wonderful
about that game. Um, so, um, it also has been used, um, in education, uh, believe it or not.
Um, there was called teach with portals and steam for school that use portal to,
important to puzzle maker for education. Um, it was free, but it had a single player campaign
and puzzle maker was only for steam for school users. Um, so it was teaching how to solve puzzles
and create critical thinking. Although some people were, um, upset with the whole quote,
gamification of learning. So, um, and they, uh, there was also research in 2016 that demonstrated
that the portal to puzzle maker can be used to measure fluid intelligence. Um, so, and it was
referred to as the portal to test battery. Hmm. So that was also pretty neat. Um, it was, I mean,
it, it sold amazingly well people to this day still love and play it. Um, and it actually
was subject to, um, some mods. Um, so remember I was saying that Chell was supposed to have
like a twin or a clone or something. Her name was Mel. And so, um, someone did portal stories, Mel,
um, where they did, uh, a mod for portal where you could have Mel and Chell. Um,
there's aperture tag, the paint gun testing initiative, where it's a single player
modification, um, that basically replaces the portal gun with a gel gun. Um, that makes it
kind of like tag, the power of paint, which tag, the power of paint is where those gels were
originated. Um, and that game may come up cause I've done an arbacular drop. So, um, there's also
thinking with time machine, um, which is, uh, a, uh, mod that gives you the ability to record
actions that can be played back by a duplicate player, um, and allows for the use of a second
set of portals. And then there's portal reloaded, which is, um, a single player mod for portal two,
um, that came out on my birthday this year, cause the game came out on my birthday in, uh,
10 years ago. And it lets you use a third portal called the time portal to travel between the
present and future versions of each test chamber. And so on that note, I will say that portal two
deserves its place as a classic game and is still among one of my favorite modern classics.
I think it was definitely just a matter of when this game would be eligible, which it may be the
biggest surprise in this segment is that yes, this game is 10 years old and you are 10 years older.
Uh, and it's now eligible. It came out on my birthday. Yeah. Uh, and just somebody in chat
pointed out, uh, it was, uh, who said it? Uh, Oh yeah. Mike Deaf said, by the way, portal two
launched during that big Sony hack. Yeah. This was during that period when, um, PlayStation three,
uh, it was offline, I think for a pretty good chunk of the period. Um, you know, I do have
potato potatoes quotes. Okay. Um, still as my ring, ringtones on, uh, on my phone,
like my favorite one, look at you flying like an E flying majestically like an Eagle piloting a
blimp. Glados is the queen of reads the queen of the shady read. The library is always open with
her. You know, uh, thank you for bringing portal to, of course, this is the game we talked about.
I mean, it's funny cause you know, the show has been around long enough where we talked a lot
about this game when it came out and somebody in chat reminded us, this was our game of the year
in 2011. Like obviously, um, this is an amazing game. I have to say what, why, why will, why won't
valve do portal three? It's so disappointing that they won't do a third game because they
can't count to three. I, I get, I realize this is valves mo, but I mean, I love this game in a way
that, you know, I don't have the same feelings about like, you know, half life and stuff like
that, that, which yes, I realize this has been awful, but I don't have, you know, this is the
one I really want to see a three of. And it's just, it's, it's blows my mind that yeah, at
least there was a half-life Alex, which is for some folks is a half-life three. When are we ever
going to see this series continue? Well, and we, we, uh, I just think that, uh, I almost said
aperture. Um, I think valve needs to go talk to whoever at Capcom learned how to count to three
and teach them how to count. If Capcom could do it, so can valve. Uh, orange, right. And chat
says portal VR wouldn't work. No, I absolutely agree with that. Uh, and I realized, you know,
a lot of valves interests, oh, make everybody vomit. Like, you know, even I enjoy VR and,
and it would still make me vomit. Like it would be too much. Would totally play it. I would totally
play it. And I, you know, you know, I'm sure somebody's already modded the first two games
to work with VR, um, have fun, but you know, not, not so much for me. Um, but yeah, it's just,
it's so sad that, you know, I don't know, maybe they just figured they cannot top this game.
And I suppose that's something I just have to accept as a fan is that they cannot top this game.
And so they're not going to try. And it's that, but it's just, damn, I really wish this,
this universe could continue, you know? Yeah. Uh, Bobby does say there is a officially endorsed
portal VR game. It's portal, a portal stories VR. So. All right. And it is not portal.
It's just endorsed. All right. Uh, but anyway, yeah, I'd love to see a full portal three,
but I think I just kind of have to accept, uh, valve does not feel this can ever be talked. And
I guess that is that. So, all right. But great pick for the classic game of the week.
Love portal to love the original love this one, uh, portal to your classic game of the week.
Yes. It's 10 years old. All right. You're welcome. Uh, tiger claw does also remind us,
uh, a few weeks ago, I read that JJ Abrams said a portal movie is in the works. I remember hearing
about that recently too. Um, I believe nothing until I see it. I think the fandom is going to
be very irritated when Ella McLean is not the voice of GLaDOS. Like, I think there's just a
lot of fans. If she is, then I think we have a different conversation. Absolutely. But I think
there's a lot of people that are going to reject this movie when they put some AAA actress as the
voice of GLaDOS instead, but we'll see. I don't know. Maybe they will. Hey, if they did get Ella
McLean to do it, I'd be thrilled. She deserves it. I do have to point out when we got the
transformers movie, who else was our optimist prime? Yeah, it was Leonard Nimoy, right?
No, Leonard Nimoy was Galvatron in the animated movie. I'm talking about the more recent ones.
I forget who did do it. Was it, uh, not Frank Welker.
Well, who did my headphones go out? I think, I think so. Who did do it? I don't know.
You brought it up. No, it was Peter Cullen. Oh, that's right. Frank Welker was someone else.
Oh, Dark Tetsuya does remind, they got her to be in Pacific Rim, right? Oh yeah. I forgot that
was a thing, but you know, it'll be interesting to see if they, but I just, I cannot envision GLaDOS
without Ella McLean. I just can't do it. And I know this happens in Hollywood all the time that
they would recast it, but I just, I don't know. So, all right. Anyhow. All right. Thank you for
the classic Game of the Week. We've talked plenty about Portal, but it is such a good game. Let's
get into some rapid fire news, travel around the world and quickly check out some other headlines
from around the globe. Loki. All right. So there's been a delay with another game because of COVID
and this game of course is going to be King of Fighters 15, which is delayed now to 2022.
And I mean, this is, we've heard this a million times already, but
yet another one you'll have to wait a little bit longer for.
This is pretty cool. So relatively new game. EA has this game called Knockout City,
which is a massive multiplayer kind of a dodge ball game. And they've already seen
5 million account signups across all their platforms since launch,
which is pretty impressive considering it launched, you know, not that long ago.
I have some friends that talk about this game a lot and want me to play it. I just haven't gotten
around to it yet, but I probably will check it out. Aside from the trailer that we saw during
that one Nintendo Direct, I haven't really checked it out yet. It is apparently on Games Pass as
well. So that's one way to check it out. Oh yeah. Cause EA play is on Game Pass. So that's one way
to check it out. So yeah, I need to get around to anybody in chat playing this game. Part of that
5 million. Legend of Zaku says it's the next Fortnite. It might be that next, I don't know,
Fortnite is going to kind of always do its own thing, I think. Because Fortnite, remember,
Fortnite isn't a game. Remember? There was that whole thing that came out of the recent,
you know, headlines of Epic and all that. I think that there's games that kind of come and go with
the popular, like Fall Guys, Among Us. And not to say those games aren't still popular. There's
lots of people that love them, but they certainly, right, they were the front page, Twitch and all
that stuff. And I think Knockout City is kind of like, if it's not there yet, it's going to be one
of those big games pretty soon here as more and more people are checking it out. So.
Bonz006 says, I see the game, but and a Knockout City. Pastelpaca says, I've played it a bit. It's
fun, but in regards to dodgeball inspired games, I prefer Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball. See,
nothing is going to top the Kunio Kun Super Dodgeball for me. That's just the reality.
That will always be the best dodgeball game. You're not going to be able to change my mind.
The Neo Geo, I mean, they had the NES one as well, which is all right. But the Neo Geo one is like
classic. So. All right. That's the whole reason to get a Neo Geo cabinet is play that game again.
All right. Anyhow. Sorry. I digress. Dark Saga. So for Pride Month, the game Tell Me Why is free
on Steam. So for the entire month of June, you can go download it so that you can experience
the story for yourself of one of the characters in the game is transgender. And so it will,
it's good to sort of put yourself in that person's shoes, especially since this has been
this year so far, there have been more than 100 bills passed restricting the rights of
transgender people. So definitely give this one a play. I believe it may also be free in the Xbox
ecosystem as well, because I was looking at the store the other day and it said, but I don't know
if that was a game pass thing, but just a heads up, it may be free there as well. Okay. And then
Arcade went up, put out a teaser, a very pixelated pink sprinkled donuts,
which is basically a big reference to them doing a Simpsons game. So you wanted Simpsons 4 player,
you're getting Simpsons 4 player. And Simpsons is on there. The other games that were in the
leak that we talked about what a couple of weeks ago, two weeks ago when we were last live, yeah,
probably going to be included. We'll see, which was Tron and PAW Patrol, which I'm sure some
people are very excited about, but also breaking news before OLR tonight. Bobby caught this on his
show is that apparently the entire YouTube trailer for the Simpsons machine leak. So it's,
it's happening. The Simpsons machine is absolutely 100% happening. The YouTube is out there.
You can't, no take backsies on that one. Now we are inferring that because, well, the leak for the
Simpsons was true then also, but we don't have a full YouTube yet for the Tron thing, but Arcade
went up is one of the virtual exhibitors at E3. So this would be a great time for them to put out
that trailer in this next couple of weeks. So fingers and toes. Well, I mean, I'm already kind
of like, you know, having my God damn it moment because, you know, I'm going to have to shell out
the money for that cabinet, but I'm not going to lie. I want that fucking cabinet. So there you
have it. Well, you know what else leaked out though on Twitter with all that stuff. Apparently
there is a countertop. So it's the smaller machine, but a super Pac-Man. Now super Pac-Man is in like
the Pac-Man 40th edition cabinet or all that stuff. But I love me some super Pac-Man. I'm
almost tempted to get that countertop, to be honest. I don't even know what other games are in it.
But at least the countertops are smaller. So there is that. Yeah. Fifth Dream in chat says,
I really want to get that Tron machine and really LED it up. Yeah. Those like, you know,
you know who is really attracted to the lights on the cabinets is Mr. Smoosh, my cat. So I actually
had grandpa from Hoard House was over here at the house over the weekend. We were hanging out for a
little bit and I was showing him the arcade cabinet because it'd been so long since he'd
been here, right? Cause the pandemic, I got that machine about a year ago when the pandemic was in
full swing for my birthday. So I showed him the cabinet and I turned it on. And as soon as the
light on that machine went on, I hadn't turned it on in a while. As soon as it turned on, Mr. Smoosh
was in Matt's lap. And then all of a sudden Smoosh like looks at the machine, his eyes get gigantic.
And then he like hops his way over to the machine and jumps up on the controls to like press his
face against the LED screen. Like I guess Mr. Smoosh loves himself in arcade cabinets. So
he's going to have two of them pretty soon when that Tron one shows up.
So yeah, he just better not ruin that special Tron joystick. Cause you know, you can't have
the Tron machine without that special joystick. I don't even know what to call it. I have like
that trigger finger thing is very cool. Yeah. All right. Yeah. It's that thing. That thing,
the Tron joystick. All right. Let's travel around the world and check out release dates.
I think I heard we have a big week this week, right? Loki?
We have a few things coming out. So it looks like we've got Chivalry 2 on PC, PlayStation
4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X, Edge of Eternity on PC, Neptunia Reverse
on PlayStation 5, Alba, A Wildlife Adventure on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox One and Xbox Series X, No More Heroes and No More Heroes 2, Desperate Struggle coming to
PC. We have Phantasy Star Online, New Genesis, I'm sorry, Phantasy Star Online 2, New Genesis,
coming out on PC, Xbox One and Xbox Series X in North America and PC, Nintendo Switch and
PlayStation 4 in Japan. Chicory, A Colorful Tale on PC, Mac, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Looks like we've got Final Fantasy 7 Remake Integrate on PlayStation 5, Ninja Gaiden Master
Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Nintendo Switch is getting Game
Builder Garage, Guilty Gear Strive on PC, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, Ratchet and
Clank Rift Apart on PlayStation 5. And I believe that's everything. All right, let's go to Japan
right now. Pack your bags. Coming out of Japan this week, Game Builder Garage also gets a release
in Japan this week. And that Ninja Gaiden Master Collection is also out in Japan this week. Those
both on the Nintendo Switch, of course. Looking at PlayStation 5, Japan also gets the Final Fantasy
7 Remake Integrate. Of course, you know, it's going to be the same time we get it here in the
US. That shouldn't be a big surprise to anybody. Also, Ratchet and Clank Rift Apart also getting
its Japanese release. Guilty Gear Strive also coming out this week. This is really one of those
rare weeks where it's like the release calendar is like exactly the same between the two countries,
to be honest. It's very similar. And then PlayStation 4 also has Guilty Gear Strive this
week. So check it out. How about Europe? I imagine it's going to be a broken record, but let's see.
How about Europe, DarkSakura? Yeah, pretty, pretty light. So on the 8th,
we have Descenders. We have Elder Scrolls Online Blackwood, Chivalry 2. On the 10th,
we have Tour de France 2021. We are Football, which is actual football and not American football.
Final Fantasy 7 Remake Integrate. And on the 11th, we have the Persistence Enhanced,
Ratchet and Clank Rift Apart and Guilty Gear Strive.
All right, that's it. That's it. All right, let's move on. And we appropriately after what
Loki had said earlier tonight, I think Loki is going to update us on the Minecraft world, right?
Yeah, I actually follow this up a lot. So one of the more popular streamers and speed runners is
Dream. And not that long ago, he was accused of cheating in Minecraft speed runs, because
the percentage. So one of the strats that they use for speedrunning in Minecraft 116 now is the
Piglin Bartering, which you can drop gold in front of a Piglin, they'll, you know, trade you some
random item, and they use that to get ender pearls. And so he had manipulated the game in a way,
or the alleged, you know, they alleged originally that he manipulated the basically the randomness
of that. So he increased the percentage chance drop by modifying loop tables to drop those ender
pearls more often. And so then he denied it originally. And, you know, put out this long winded
analyst video where he had a statistician look at, you know, everything in the game and said,
Oh, no, it's not impossible that the percentage drops that he got, but it was like it was
ridiculous. Like he would be like the most luckiest person in the world to have that kind of
luck in the games. Well, come to find out, he admitted to in a pay spin saying that, yep, he
did cheat. He did put or create a modification to allow him to have better drops on those.
But he was using it for some other types of runs, like for his manhunt series and stuff like that.
But he accidentally left it on for six of his live streams for his speed runs. So
accidentally did that. But then, of course, you know, so I don't know, it's just ridiculous.
I don't know why he needed to do that. He's already a great speed runner.
Granted, he's not going to be he doesn't have the top spots anymore because they've been taken down.
But but just kind of ruins his credit. It's one of those things where he didn't know what to do
and he wasn't the best anymore. And it's unfortunate. You kind of hear these stories
sometimes where somebody is trying to well, you know, it's without going too late. I'm going to
open this can of worms. It's a lot of the accusations around the Billy Mitchell thing,
right? He's also pretty young. Oh, yeah, for sure. But I mean, it's a similar type of thing
when it's like if you believe Billy Mitchell is lying about everything. I'm not going there
tonight, but it's then you would say that it's a similar thing where if, you know, when you're
when you're not number one in the world anymore, you don't know what else to do and you have to
cheat to get your way back to number one. Right. Exactly. Look, look, look at the former president
willing to cheat to try to get back anyway. Yeah, I know. I know.
So originally, like they're saying, you know, the odds of like what he got was like something
that one points one in seven point five trillion odds. Obviously, that's ridiculous. But,
uh, you know, it is what it is. It's weird, though, like now he's also like taking down
that post. But obviously, people saw it in the Internet. So once it's on the Internet,
it's always on the Internet. Just weird. But yeah, that's just that's your that's catching
you up on your your Minecraft speedrunning drama there in non speedrunning drama. So Minecraft is
actually removed a shout out to 4chan because you may remember when you started Minecraft,
they have kind of little blurbs in the near the logo talking just like little funny things in
there. Well, one of them apparently had, you know, kind of a mention of V on there or movie
because that's one of the sub channels for 4chan. So they have now removed that from the game as
well. One other bigger update, though, 1.17, the brand new version is actually coming out on
Tuesday, which is pretty exciting. So they're adding lots of updates to that. Originally,
caves and cliffs was supposed to be a lot bigger and redesigning the whole cave generation into
the game. But it's a massive undertaking that they're actually splitting up into multiple
releases. So this next release is just adding some more blocks, adding some new mobs and stuff like
or new, I guess, passive mobs in the game. But 1.18 is going to like completely redesign the
cave generation stuff. It's going to be ridiculous, but that's not supposed to come out to holiday,
but still pretty cool. Yeah. When's when series X supposed to get some of those graphical upgrades
that like the Nvidia stuffs beginning? Because like when I watch your stream and like the water
effects and stuff, I'm like Dan or your your YouTube's water. I love the look of that. And
it's not in the series X version. No, that's OptiFine and BSL shaders. So that's included
with OptiFine usually. And it really doesn't take much to run that. It looks so nice.
Really like the way it looks. It does break some plugins I have like that. I if I wanted to do
different visualizations like they have stuff where you can, you know, for building farms and
things like that, you can see what the spawn area is and it will generate like a sphere around you
and stuff like that. I can't see any of that if I because I'm playing with shaders on,
I would have to switch it off. But I just don't use those.
All right. Let's move on and talk about this is a little more in the rumor category,
but this has been a source of spoilers before and I'm talking about Walmart Canada.
Remember when they completely ruined E3 one year? I think that was what, 2019? They completely
ruined E3, Walmart Canada with all these releases. Well, who knows if they're trolling
or what's going on? I don't know, but here it is. A listing popped up this week for Metroid on the
Nintendo Switch. And obviously it had fake box art. It wasn't real. It was literally like black
text that said Metroid on a white box, but it was there. There is no Metroid game on the Nintendo
Switch right now. It is interesting to note they didn't call it Metroid Prime 4. The reason why
I bring this up, there were already rumors, but we really kind of filed those in the,
okay, y'all, this is like, like, I don't even know if I believe this, but people are saying
that there may be a new 2D Metroid game that is locked, loaded, ready to go for Nintendo Switch,
and it's getting announced at E3. Some rumors say it's a Super Metroid remake in the vein of
Metroid Zero Mission. I love Metroid. I love 2D Metroid. I'm not holding my breath or setting
expectations because this is the rumor they try to get you with every time, but Walmart Canada
doing this just to troll, I don't know if I buy that either. This is a little bit, there's smoke
here and there might be a fire. How very un-Canadian of them. Exactly. Exactly. That
would not be very Canadian of them to pull a stunt like this. How very. So who knows?
Um, I suppose they could announce something at E3 or they might not, quite frankly, because it seems
that some of the prior rumors about things we were supposed to hear about at E3, like a Switch Pro,
may not actually be happening. So Nintendo may have flipped the entire fucking script this E3.
I don't know, but I think this is interesting. If we take the prior rumor as true that the
Metroid game on Switch is pretty much done and it's coming out sooner rather than later,
then this might be the surprise announcement at E3. We know Nintendo can announce games
and have them out on the market in six weeks. Garage Builder games. They just did it. Just
did it. So could Nintendo announce a game that they're going to put out by Labor Day?
Absolutely. It'll be interesting. I hope so. And yeah, Tiger Claw says it worked for the
Return of Samus. It can work. That's right. They did that too. So it could work for Super Metroid.
It sure could. Boy, oh boy, is that some holy text though, in my opinion. Super Metroid is
the best video game ever made, in my opinion. Period. End of sentence. For them to redo it,
that's a tall order. But honestly, Metroid Zero Mish, if Nintendo is doing it themselves,
their track record on the remakes are pretty darn good. It probably will be a great game.
It probably won't have all the same magic of the original, but I will probably enjoy the
experience start to finish and I will absolutely buy it. But again, I don't want to set the
expectation. If it's a new adventure, if it's something, fuck, if it's a repackaging of the
previous Metroid games, I'm still happy to be quite honest. So we'll see. All right.
Let's move on. Dark Sakura. So, you know, there's a game that everyone loves to hate on,
I guess, or loves to rib. And that is, of course, the Super Mario Brothers movie
that came out in 93 and basically was chopped and edited into, like, a bunch of crap.
If you've ever watched the documentary about the making of this movie, it is absolutely worth it,
and just to see what could have been. I mean, honestly, I think the realism factor is a little
bit too much, but it could have been some gritty stuff. So anyway, there is an extended cut of
Super Mario Brothers, and it's been there for years. People have been trying to compile all of
these different aspects of them, you know, found footage and things from the internet and things
that people put together and, you know, recovered footage. So this completed version was actually
done by Rocky Morton and Annabel Jankel. This is a version that was completed before
the final one had made it into the theaters. So it has been surfaced, called the Morton Jankel cut.
There's been more people in the Super Mario Brothers archive community and a restorationist
named Garrett Gilchrist who put together a re-edited, touched-up version of the movie,
and it is available out there on the internet for those in chat. I am going to link it to you
right this minute so you can watch it, preferably after you watch me stream after the show.
But there you go. Well, let's ask a real talk. I watched a little bit of it. Okay, I was going
to ask a real talk question. Who's going to watch it? Like, it's okay? You said you watched a little
bit of it. I started and then I had stuff to do. How was it so far? It was okay. I kind of didn't
know what I was watching, so I'll have to just sit more time with it when I haven't been drinking
and watch it. Yeah, and the reason why I pose that question is like, it's one of those things
where I'm like, okay, that's kind of neat that this exists, that someone put the time in the...
I'm not going to watch it. I think I also put the wrong link in chat. Let me try this again.
No, I did. That's the right one. That's a big old MP4. That's a big download. Watch your bandwidth.
Well, I mean, this is just the viewing of it. So I am... Let's see. MPEG4 file is 3.7 gigabytes.
That's not too bad. It says DVD part one, MP4, blah, blah, blah. Well, I'm going to download it.
Why not? I've got internet. SSJ100Matt says, maybe when I go to the DMV at some point,
I'll check it out. Yeah. Maybe I'll download it for my next flight. Who knows?
Well, Rob, you know my love of not great movies.
I know. I know. Well, I love not great movies too. Hello. How many times have I seen Showgirls?
I could quote that movie. It's so bad, it's good.
You don't know shit.
You are a whore, darlin'.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on. Loki.
So Valve is making some changes to Counter-Strike Go or CSGO, basically to try to combat some of
the trolling that goes along in the game and some of the cheaters, I guess. But right now,
the way Go stands is that a lot of features are available in the free-to-play version of that.
But apparently you can buy Prime, which allows you to have Prime-only matchmaking, item drops,
XP bonuses, and stuff like that. Along with some of those, they're saying that now they're going
to be kind of putting that behind that paywall to disincentivize folks from basically creating
accounts to troll and then, you know, with the intent that they may get banned and then creating
another free account and that type of stuff. So the rank ladder, they said right now, has a lot
of cheaters in it. And the high-ranked players are making new accounts to stump noobs and griefers
are creating accounts to potentially throw the game and trolls and whatnot. So they're trying to...
It's unfortunate that they're kind of hurting the community in the sense that, you know, there's
probably folks that want to try that out for free, but in order to try to combat some of the stuff
they're having to put it behind a paywall to try to make it a little bit harder to just create a
bunch of dummy accounts and also make them more money at the same time. Yeah, but I mean, like,
how much money is there to be made from Counter-Strike? How old is it? Well, I say that,
but obviously this game is still... Yeah, I guess that was a dumb thing now that the words have left
my mouth. But MMOs kind of have to do all this all the time to kind of prevent the
exploits and all this stuff. So I guess it's not... It's just more surprising it took this long.
The TLDR about it is basically before there used to be a way to earn Prime status by playing the
game long enough. Now you have to actually purchase it. There's no free path to Prime.
It would be easy to just stay logged in and rack up time that way, I'm sure,
or, you know, do private matches with other bots or something.
Something like that. Yeah. All right. Well, hey, since I bitch a lot about bandwidth and
exceeding it in this day and age, here's some news that is actually a great thing because this game
has a gigantic footprint. But you know what? It's one of those things where it's like,
I understand it because this game is so goddamn beautiful. And that's the new Microsoft Flight
Simulator. So kind of like the reboot of Flight Simulator that came out in the kind of last year,
I think it was, earlier in the year. The original install size has shrunk from 170 gigabytes,
yes, it was that big, to 83 gigabytes. So that's pretty awesome. And that's from notes on the most
recent patch in the game. We don't know exactly what they did. Obviously, they've optimized
something, but that's a hell of a lot of bandwidth to save. So they cut some corners somewhere,
you know, optimized graphics on another side or something. I don't know what they did.
But yeah, they've cut the footprint down a lot. This is also good knowing that the Xbox version
is out pretty soon. Have they dated the Xbox version? I don't think they have. They're just
saying it soon. Maybe we'll find out at E3. I bet that's one of those games we'll get updated on at
E3. And it'll be good that the print is smaller for the Xbox version because like 170 gigs on
that drive, you're eating so much install space for other games. You won't even be able to play
hardly anything else. So I think it's great that they're getting the footprint struck down for when
that comes out on Xbox. I'm excited to try it on Xbox because I think the controller and all that's
really gonna take a lot of the complications out of the game. I know you can do a lot to get,
but I think once they make the interface more controller friendly and for the Xbox audience,
I think I'm going to be able to get into it a lot more. It's beautiful. I've watched streamers
play the game and it's always a good experience. It really, really looks good. Legend of Zaku says
it's compression and lots of it. Bobby Blackwolf says it was out during Summer Games Done Quick
last year. Oh, I didn't realize it was that late in the year. I thought it was before the pandemic,
but I guess not. You know what? I know you're right, but it's one of those things where I
was only able to download it because Comcast suspended all the bandwidth caps at the beginning
of the pandemic. Remember that? So I was like 190 gigabyte install, who gives a shit? And I did it.
So you're right. It was that time. So, all right. Anyhow, let's see. Bonds006 says,
yeah, I saw 170 gigs and was like, that's a no for me. Granted, I have a 320 gig hard drive for
my PC games. Ooh, time to get three terabytes. So, all right. Anyway, I'm really looking forward
to the Xbox version of the game. I want to check that out. Yeah, Zaku says I bought a new one
terabytes solid state drive for the game because of the near 200 gigabyte size for it. Yeah, I bet
there's lots of people on the Xbox side of the house that are going to get a new drive so they
can put that game on it along with others. So, wow. August 17th, 2020. I can't believe it was
that late in the year. Wow. I would say time has just flown by, except it hasn't. It's been very
slow. All right. Anyhow, I think that was the last story we had on deck for tonight.
So, we're going to get into the listener roundtable, which includes our mailbag.
And Dark Soccer is going to hop on over there. Participate at orangelandradio.com if you want
to send us email, but please not if you're a spammer because unfortunately that is something
that's starting to rear its ugly head again. So, if you signed us up for that, choke. But we do
have, do we have any real emails this week? I thought we have one. Yay. One email. Let's get to
it. And it's a very simple email. Okay. It comes from Dee in Waterloo. Waterloo. Okay. Yes. I know
Waterloo. I said that because of your, you know, your ABBA thing. Waterloo. I'm sure the listener
has never heard that before. What is the most overused term in gaming? Toxic. Ooh. But it's
accurate. I'm playing so much Dead by Daylight that, you know. But you say it's accurate,
so does that really make it overused? They could come up with other words like asshole.
Asshole survivors. Or teabagging little shits. I'm going to say, I'll say one that's kind of
controversial and it's one I see in Dead by Daylight and I see it in a lot of games and I
think it's getting to be a little bit of a tired expression to the point where I think people use
it sometimes to be toxic. I'm going to say GG is overused. Really? Yeah. Well, it's just sort of
like a tradition now. Like just, you know, GGS or. I feel like if you want to, like it would mean
10 times more if you actually typed out good game and then I know you meant it. Because I think
there's some people that like, let's take Dead by Daylight for instance. They fucking wipe the
floor with the survivors. Then the killer puts GG, happy face. When it's like, bitch, you're
just saying that because you won, you know. I appreciate the ones that'll actually be up front
and say GG easy. Oh no, I think that's the worst when people say GG easy. At least I know that
they're being sarcastic shits. Okay, okay. So you know, okay. I get what you mean. It
quantifies it for me. Yes.
Oh, well, Loki, let me let you go. And then I'm going to read the chat because
chat said one. I'm like, oh, that's a good one too. Yeah, for me, it's always, well,
overused in our games at least is WB and TY because everyone logging on. Welcome back.
Thank you. I don't know. Um, I can't really think of anything that's like super overused
aside from, you know, pog. I guess poggers. I was going to say poggers too is I'm like,
I don't, I think it's like, I get it. Pogs were those little discs in the nineties.
No, no. Well, like I get what the meaning is, but I think it's like,
like everything is not pog. Like it's just like, you know, that could be cool, but it's not like,
Oh my God. It's voggers.
See, we could have gotten so much more traffic if we just called ourselves pog network.
Yeah. The, the, instead of the voice of geeks network, the, uh, pantomime of geeks network,
I guess, I don't know what other words starts with P is there a personification of geek.
There's gotta be a pog network. There are enemy.
I support all networks except that one. No, I'm just kidding. I don't even know
if there is a pog or what it, what they have. Anyway. Um, let's see some comments from chat.
Uh, Bobby black Wolf and Mike deaf both said F is the most overused thing. Yeah.
F F is a good one. Although I kind of liked that emoji. I know one of you has it. That's
like an F on a gravestone. That one's kind of funny. Um, Tiger claw says, how about LOL?
That's overused. I don't think that's unique to gaming. That's not gaming,
but I'm also guilty of it. I will admit I do sometimes look at my text and I'm like,
I say LOL a lot, but to me, I think sometimes when I say LOL, it's to kind of like emphasize
that like, I'm saying this in a positive way. Like I'm not saying this to be a Dick or something
like this or whatever. Like, you know, that's funny. LOL. I don't know. Um, let's see. I'm
looking, uh, fifth dream says thank you for your continued support and please look forward to it.
Meaning we fucked up. Thanks for not abandoning it and don't hold your breath respectively.
I like that. Or just anything on the roadmap.
All right. Oh, SSU 100. Matt has linked me to a Twitter account for pog network.
What I want to see what they do. They probably have like 10 times the followers. Oh no,
they only have 54 followers. Oh, they're league of legends streamers. All right, cool.
Poggers. All right. Well, there's, you know what, my cease and desist right now, because,
because they're a small network and they're not there, they haven't, uh, broke through in a way
and overused the way that acronym has. I'll say, all right, as long as you're not toxic shit bags
in league of legends, cause if you think dead by daylight's bad play a match of league of legends,
my God. So as long as y'all are keeping it positive, then I will say you don't have to
be our enemy anymore. Pog network. Okay. All right. I'll put it this way. I just had a few
people that I know who play survivor and I'm like, if you see a plague wearing this cosmetic,
be nice. Cause it might be you. Well, yeah. And as far as I know, I was watching,
I was watching somebody and they went up against a plague and somebody in chat said,
is this dark Sakura? And I was like, yeah, she's fucking everywhere. Well, no, it was,
it was a taste channel. Okay. It probably was taste channel. I told T I told T if you see a plague,
be nice. And then I said, uh, when I got back, he's like, we went against the plague, but I
don't think it was you. Cause you let, you let people find stuff and I was like, it probably
wasn't me. Um, and then I, I sent a picture of what my cosmetic looks like. There you go.
That's funny. Yeah. All right. Anyway. Um, all right. Uh, that's it for mailbag. Let's get to,
uh, do you have any last minute stories, Loki? And I'm going to, and if you guys have any questions
in chat, uh, please, please feel free to type away in chat. Uh, I will get as well to some of
our discord submissions for this week. Loki. Yeah. I did want to mention that there is that
bundle that's available on itch IO for support Palestine. Oh my God. We didn't put that in our
show. I'm so sorry. This wasn't for $5. So, you know, you know, it's a pretty good, that's a
pretty good price. So a thousand, I should say it's not all games, there's assets and stuff in
there too, but there's a lot of games in there. So, uh, check it out. And I know that there's
some nest maker games in there as well. Um, cause they posted that in our little, uh, community.
Yeah. Cool. Anything else? I haven't got the channel up yet here. I'm working on it.
I don't have anything. Yeah. I don't really have anything else that's worth mentioning.
I make sure we're going to have lots of stuff this week. In completely like not even news. Uh,
I learned that, that kind of John is on Tik TOK and that makes me happy cause she's adorable
as in the wrestler Oscar. How do I use Tik TOK? Like I have a Tik TOK and I posted one thing to it
Halloween of 2019 that looking back isn't even that funny. Like
how do I, what do I post on Tik TOK? I have four dead by daylight clips and then me watching
Oscar on TV. Okay. I guess I have seen a lot of Twitch streamers trying to like put clips from
their streams as Tik TOKs, which is interesting. I mean, I guess it's a good way to promote,
I guess that makes sense. Yeah. I only have a hand. I mean, my, my Tik TOK is I think dark
Sakura. I just need to do more streaming. Um, so I mean, if someone wants to hold on,
I'm actually going to see what the hell my Tik TOK is called. Uh, dark Sakura underscore O L R.
I'm pretty sure I'm Rob Roberts, but don't follow me. I don't post anything.
Y'all can follow me and then teach me the ways of the, the Tik TOKs.
Yeah. The Tik TOKs. The Tik TOKs. I love Tik TOKs.
More like Tik TOKs. Sorry. The only time I hear Tik TOK, I can only think of return to Oz.
Oh God. Yes. I think of, I think of, uh, catching fire. Tik TOK, Tik TOK.
You know, somebody I'm sure it's been done, but somebody needs to post that character,
Tik TOK from return to Oz on Tik TOK and say, Hey, I heard you like Tik TOKs.
Like surely has that been done? Surely someone did that. Someone did that, right?
Someone's going to be corny to do that. Yeah. All right. You know, I saw that in the theater, Rob.
Oh, so did I, I saw it at the, I saw it at the discount theater.
I saw it when it premiered. So for you locals, so we're based out of Sacramento, California,
and I know there's a few of you that are local that listen because you're kind of like,
it's really surreal to hear you guys talk about local places on the show. Well,
I've got one for you. Brace yourself. I saw return to Oz at the Harding cinema. Anyone
remember that out in Roseville, the Harding cinema, which I think turned into a radio
shack after they closed it. That's how big the Harding cinema was is that they turned it into a
radio shack, but it was like 99 cent matinees during the day. And that's where I saw return
to Oz. So. Hey, Rob, guess what I drove by today? Not today, but, uh, when Becky and I
were on our way to San Francisco yesterday, cause it's not for coffee. Crest View Lanes.
The sign is still there. Oh, oh, it's still there. The sign is the building is long gone.
I was gonna say they probably made condos over there by now, but the sign is still there. And
I wonder if they're just going to leave it up. Huh? I wonder, have they built anything in its
place yet or no, it's still a lot weird. Yeah. But Crest View is where like we would go play.
Dan and I would go play air guys and, and blazing star and sweet arcade. Yeah. Yeah. The arcade
there was pretty, pretty tops. And they had, uh, they had a DDR for a hot minute. You know what
arcade I haven't been to in centuries is, um, the 24 hour bowling alley. That's still there on what
country club? I thought the bowling alleys were all closed. It's orange. Uh, Sacramento got
promoted to orange, so they should have reopened because bowling alleys were, uh, in that. Unless
for whatever reason, they don't think they can follow COVID, but I think they would have reopened
by now. So I, since I've been there because I did the, you know, this was back a couple of years ago,
uh, at this point because of COVID, but we used to do the, uh, laser tag circuit.
And, uh, so we went there to play laser, uh, X because I haven't ever played laser X,
even though I used to go there all the time for DDR. Um, but they, yeah, they completely changed
up that. So they have two arcades now. Um, they have the original arcade. We used to play DDR in,
which is where they have like their oversized enormous giant, like cockpit games, which is
basically what everything is nowadays. So that your Jurassic parks, your giant nerve thing,
um, Mario Kart, um, and try to think what else, but like racing games and stuff like that.
Then they have a whole ticket section that's shoved way back, like it towards the back of
the building. And they've got a whole nother section with like tickets. That's where the,
that's where the nightclub used to be is where all the ticket spitters are. Yeah.
Yes. Freeze pop. I used to, I used to go to the club there.
Yeah. Freeze pop played there once. And now it's a, it's a room full of tickets,
spitters depressing face. I know. Right. All right. Uh, okay. Sorry. Sorry. We delved into
local chat, but you know what? I'm sure a lot of these stories, honestly, you could swap the names
of the places and the towns. They'd probably be very similar. All right. Anyway. Uh, so some of
y'all post stories throughout the week at our discord vog network.com slash discord. And I like
to read some of those, uh, tiger claw posted in our channel. I think this is funny. The director
of the tech and games is throwing shade at Sega and challenging the Virtua Fighter team to make
a new game. Make a new game. You cowards. Okay. He didn't say that, but he did make a video.
I would love it if he did actually, that'd be hilarious.
Katsuhiro Harada posted on his personal YouTube channel about a Virtua Five fighter ultimate
showdown coming out. And, uh, he's always viewed surpassing SEGA series as a professional goal.
I love that. And I'm on his side. Uh, tiger class says, if you're into collecting Funko pops,
they just announced a sly Cooper pop. Anyone, anyone collect those fun? I get them once in a
great while. In fact, right next to me. Well, I guess I don't, I thought I had it next to me,
but I guess not. I have a, a large, uh, Richard Simmons doll, but I had a Richard Simmons, um,
Funko pop and I couldn't pass it up. I have a collection of Deadpools.
Do you have mermaid Deadpool, Bob Ross, Deadpool, uh, barista Deadpool, um, scooter Deadpool,
because, uh, because it reminds me of my favorite cover for cable and Deadpool.
Um, it's the one where they try to redo the, uh, Acura one. And I have, I need the other two
golden girls, but I have, I have, I have significant pops. I have all the golden girls
over off camera. So, all right. Uh, let me do one more. And I know dark soccer, you go ahead,
dark soccer, if you're going to, if you need to bow out to sort some things before, uh,
after the show, uh, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight? Um, just, uh, don't be a
shithole. Um, just be a nice person, be kind and, uh, stay tuned for my stream. All right.
Have a good night. You do love everybody hearts. Bye. All right. Don't go anywhere just yet though,
folks. We've still got a little more. I've got a few more headlines I want to read for you guys
here. Uh, and that would be, uh, this one, apparently this leak is real. There is an
X-com style Avengers game coming from 2k. That sounds very interesting. Uh,
yeah, right. That could be very interesting. So, uh, we'll see. Hmm. Interesting. Anyway,
thanks you guys for sharing some of those headlines there over at, uh, our discord
channel, vognetwork.com slash discord. Um, w are we out of last minute stories, Loki?
I think so for now. Yeah. All right. All right. Let me see, let me see if I can sneak in one more
headline here then. Uh, let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Um, apparently some folks are talking
about that. It's a little bit of a pain in the butt to transfer your save over with final fantasy
seven. I didn't read too much into that. Oh, um, okay. And shopping news, I guess they dated
Amazon prime day for June 21st and 22nd. I know some people don't like to get their games from
there anymore, but for those that do there's that I imagine there'll be some gaming sales.
Uh, so that's a thing you're into check that out, I guess. Um, Ooh, I like, I forgot this from dark
Tetsuya. Okay. I really liked this. A paper boy and spy Hunter comic came out from DC.
What the hell is that? Is it, um, yes, spy Hunter and paper boy. Uh, but interesting cause
I replied to that and said, I don't see anywhere mentioned that it's based on the games,
but why else would you combine those two things? And it's clearly a paper boy and like a dude in
the car that looks like spy Hunter. That's kind of weird. Very, very weird. Um, SSU,
one hundred mountain chat says question, what is the status of the show being in person again?
No pressure. Just curious. I thought there was a date, but I forgot it. Um, there is not a date yet.
Um, and, um, hopefully, uh, we'll have news on that in the near future. Um, there's just,
there's a lot of changes going on, uh, behind the scenes and stuff. So I just don't know when that's
going to happen yet. Um, but hopefully soonish. So, um, all right. Uh, let's see. Pod culture
says he just found my Tik TOK. I said, don't follow me. He's in a suit and tie. Cause it was
listen to the Tik TOK. It was a Halloween costume that I put together in five minutes.
That should be obvious. So, all right. Um, orange right in chat says Midway arcade collection.
Nah, Midway comics universe. Okay. Here's that. So, all right. Uh, I think that'll do it. Let's
wrap things up. So, uh, thank you guys very much for listening to and, uh, supporting orange
launch radio. Hey, if you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, tell a friend or two about the
show, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice. But, um,
as long as, uh, your voice is, uh, I'm sorry, as long as, let me start over. We are the show where
every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices here. So tell a friend or two about the show,
help us spread the word. And, uh, we really appreciate that. A nice five star review on
a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this show goes an awful long way. Um,
if you feel so inclined, we have a shop where you can buy some merchandise,
vog and network.com slash shop. I keep pestering Jamie to add stuff to it. Um,
cause she launched her own shop. And so I got those designs. I sent you like a long time ago.
Yeah. Remember the pixel art vog thing. You are absolutely right. I need to get on that. I,
you sent me a finish. You sent me an in progress fog one, right? You finished a fog one.
No, I thought that was the finished one. Let me just double check. Cause I only remember seeing
one in progress, but you know what? Loki it is Dan. I, with everything that happened in the
past year, I absolutely could have slipped. So it sounds like something new coming soon. It sounds
like, so, uh, stay tuned for that vog network.com slash shop. Um, and, uh, I think, I think that's
really it. Uh, I guess we can get final thoughts as well. Uh, thank you for being here and listening
to the whole show. I know it was a little bit slower of a news week, but we're on the eve of
E3 slash the big June announcements, I think is really the better name for it.
Now that we have summer games fest and all these other things in the mix,
we're the week before the big June announcements. So, uh, it's going to be a fun week and we'll have
lots and lots to talk about next week. Uh, I'm really excited for it. So, uh, Loki,
why don't you give us your final thought tonight? It's going to be a very busy week for me and a
very exciting week as well. So excited for you to look, look forward to talking to you guys next
week. Uh, yeah, very excited to hear how it goes. Uh, even if we had to talk a lot about
Xbox and Bethesda as well next week, for sure. Um, and I, I don't know if I have a lot to say,
but, uh, my final thought is, um, I, I'm, I'm going to try to get on some more creation in
this next week as well and, and get my own community. Like Loki's found his dark soccer's
found hers and so forth. So, uh, there you go. That's going to do it for another week,
uh, here at orange launch radio. Have a wonderful night, everybody.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR
studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
I'll see you next week.
Bye.
