Happy E3 Week! And that's pretty much it. God, this is a lot of time to fill. I hate
saying the same thing over and over, even a year apart. So, that's it! It's E3 Week!
What else is there to say? Let's start the show!
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge
Radio. We've got a lot more to say. We're live once again tonight with episode number 872 of
our show for this June the 13th of 2021. I am Rob Roberts and I am joined via Discord by my co-host,
say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Greetings and salivations.
Hi, how are you doing?
I am okay. I am just going into all of my various Discords and letting them know they should be
listening to us.
Getting that promotion in.
That's what I do.
Speaking of promotion, I probably am not supposed to talk about this on air,
but oops, I'll ask for forgiveness later. But I've been hearing some more DarkSakura tunes.
You sent me one this morning or yesterday and I was like,
when's the album dropping? When's the album dropping?
Well, most of the stuff I'm just doing is loops and I just started playing around with things
yesterday just to kind of futz around with a different style and I was trying to do like
this weird acoustic thing and it turned out like all kinds of Southern rock and my mom really likes
it. So, yay, I guess.
Good. Yeah, I think a lot of people right now are streaming Solar Power by Lorde. But, you know,
in a few weeks...
It's a good song.
Yeah, it's a good song. They're going to be...
This week has been a blessing in music. We had a new Marina album,
we had that Kylie Lady Gaga thing, which is a gift from Gay God.
We had a garbage album.
Your cover.
What's that?
That's not the only cover because someone covered the country Born This Way.
Oh, yeah. Orville Peck did that and then Big Freedia did Judas.
Big Freedia. Yeah, that was so good.
That whole reimagining or whatever is going to be pretty crazy. But yeah,
I was just saying this is a great week for music. So people are satisfied with music for quite some
time. And then, you know, hopefully in a few weeks, well, maybe more like a few months,
we'll have Dark Soccer to add to that list and whatever album she ends up putting out.
No pressure.
No pressure. Hi, chat over at twitch.tv slash Vogue Network. And the chat is commenting that
I look a little out of focus. You know what? I bet the resolution on my camera dropped because OBS
had a small update today. And every time they do that, I see that the camera setting sometimes
reset for Dark Soccer and Loki. Not an issue because we capture them via Discord. So it
doesn't really change. So they're just coming in from Discord. But me, I think mine reset.
So I'll try to fix that. So do not adjust your sets on Twitch. I might get I might have that
whole thing I had last week where I get really big again and all that. But we'll fix all that.
I also want to say your ego.
Rob, Rob, it's just water weight.
Hey, hi, Loki, by the way. The first words out of your mouth tonight are shade. It must be
game convention week, that's for sure. Hey, I want to give a shout out in our chat because I just saw
Black Compat said hi hi in the chat. And I want to say hi hi and grats, grats right back at you,
Black Compat, because and if you don't know Black Compat, you should be following them,
fix that because Black Compat is the artists formerly known as Electric Sistahood, which
was on the VOG network. And we go back our little our little friendship goes back to all games back
in the day and all that. So we've been we've been frenzy's friend shows for a long time. Black
Compat just got the partner. Well, they're not partner yet, but they just applied for partner.
But that means they met the stats and all that measurement for partner. And that's a huge
accomplishment. So I just want to say congrats. And if Twitch doesn't accept you as a partner,
they are dumb. So fingers and toes crossed for you guys. So just want to give that some people
who shouldn't make partner who have made partners. So I will be super pissed.
I saw that Twitch drama this week. That was something. No, I the lovely ladies over at
Black Compat would be a huge win for Twitch. So I hope you listen in Twitch admins. Do it.
Yeah. All right. No Twitch admins are listening to this show.
And also unban my friend. All right. Loki, hi. How are you? How's your week been?
We're pretty good. Yeah. What do you mean up to I see a lot of
pics of the kids. What's what's going on and all that stuff? Do one of the kids have a birthday
this week? No, no, it's my youngest son's graduated from first grade. So he's in now
in second grade. Oh, that's great. Wait a minute. But like, it's OK. So the graduation happened
this week. They didn't they don't start school or is it like a year round school type of thing?
I will. His school's kind of year round, but I mean, honestly, like with the stuff,
they're giving him a third grade work anyways as it is. Oh, wow. I guess he's pretty smart. So
it's just it's kind of all year round. He's always at that school, so they don't really
have a starting end. Let me ask a kind of a weird question, but do you think, you know,
because you mentioned like, oh, the kids smart and getting the more advanced work.
Do you think the fact that you've kind of taught them about programming and I know you've put them
in like the supplemental classes and stuff and well, I don't know if that's it's both your kids
you put in those like Code Ninja classes, right? No, just my oldest son right now.
OK, but but still like there I know they've got to be learning stuff from you and a lot of the
stuff like with Minecraft and all that. Do you think I just because I think about like how we
when we were growing up, video games would give you such a bad rap, right? Like only like,
you know, nerds and deviants played video games and all this stuff. But I think I feel like we're
in a world now where video games are super educational. And I don't I don't just mean I
don't mean like number munchers. We're in the world is Carmen Sandiego. Don't get me wrong.
Those games are phenomenal and a part of our upbringing. But I mean, things like, for example,
this week, big release game builder garage comes out, right? Huge target on teaching kids. I don't
think anybody's going to make the next big video game in game builder garage. But it's a nice
little playroom to learn about logic gating and law. And I think that's a huge skill to teach kids
like if then or and like every industry touches logic, even the work I do, I have to use logic a
lot in my presentation. I work in tech. Exactly. It's all over. So I so that's my very long window
way of asking, do you think the games helped the kid? Yeah, I guess I don't really see him do that
a lot because he's been playing Roblox all the time. But OK, but that's another example in a
way. And actually to that, he's actually going to be doing a so they have the code ninjas like
regular stuff. And then he's got a they have this summer camps that they run. So they have different
specialized things. And so he's actually doing a Roblox one in like a week here. So he'll be
learning how to make stuff for that. So I think that'll be a little bit better. But yeah, he's
already moving on to the next belt here pretty soon, which I think they switched to Lua instead
of JavaScript. I don't know. That's what it is right now. But yeah, I mean, I don't know. He's
not he does it on the side, like independently, but he doesn't use like scratch, for example,
to make games right now. He's using it to make animations. So, you know, he's having fun with
that. But yeah, I'm sure that'll come down, you know, later on, once he kind of gets a bigger
idea of like what to do with it. It'll definitely help him. Yeah. Did you pick up on the topic of
that? Yeah. Game Builder Garage. I did pick it up. So my youngest son is playing that.
And so he showed me like this tag game he made the other day, which I think is just part of the
tutorial, but like that you like has a two player game where one person has to try to tag you. And
if they tag you hit with something, then you lose or something like that. So it's pretty cool.
Yeah, I got to check out the demo for that still. And at some point, I feel like I might get the
full game. I almost want to just get the game to play other people's games like that. That's
the best part of Mario Maker to me, honestly. So our little big planet or, you know, we have to
pick up dreams, you know, that that's something that dreams has been on a deep cut sale recently,
too. Somebody in chat earlier was saying they got it for 999. So that game's Yeah, it's I don't know
if that's right now, or if that was a few weeks ago, but I'm sure there's a lot of sales going on
this week, for sure. So check that out. Anyway, um, it's a huge week in gaming, right? This is,
you know, as Jason was kind of tongue in cheek alluding to in the intro, which I love that.
It's, you know, E3 week and this is an interesting year because we're in the middle of E3. Most years
I think last year was like this too. But most years, E3 is like a Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday sort of thing because E3 really is supposed to be a trade show. It's for people
that are in the industry. It's for people. It's working, you know, so it's during work time,
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, with Monday being set up and Friday being tear down and travel home
and all that good stuff. So having this kind of like right in the middle where we're kind of right
in the middle of E3 week when we're doing our show Sunday night is a little interesting and a little
different. But obviously it's not just E3 because obviously with everything that's been going on in
the world, with all the changes that have been going on in E3, we've seen some other deviations.
We've seen indies that are kind of putting together their own thing. And of course we have,
I think the first recap we want to get into a little bit, Jeff Keighley's Summer Game Fest,
which was the first event, media event. They're not really press conferences anymore. I keep
wanting like my old brain that's been doing the show for 19 years and covering E3 for a long time
wants to keep saying press conference, press conference. That's not really what they are now,
especially in the age of COVID. They're digital media showcases, basically, or digital media
events. So the first big event we had was the Summer Game Fest event on Thursday, right in the
middle of the workday. So I unfortunately was not going to be able to watch it, but then get this,
our VPN at work went down for like an hour. So I had time to watch it and I didn't do it.
I didn't do it. I didn't hack it. Maybe somebody else at work did something. No,
it's just, I think just lucky timing, I guess. So I kind of got to watch that a little bit. I mean,
I kind of, work came back up partway through, so I had to kind of multitask. But I did get to see
it live, which I didn't think I'd originally be able to. Thoughts overall. Let's start.
Loki, I know you'll kind of touch on everything, but how was your feeling overall of the Summer
Game Fest? Especially because I think that type of announcement was kind of new. I know we had
Summer Game Fest last year, but it was like this big four month nebulous thing. And I feel like
this was a different type of, it's like Jeff and Friends own digital media event outside of the big
ones. And it was interesting. There were some high points for me and some low points for me.
But Loki, I'll start with you. What were some of the high points for you and the low points for you?
I'm trying to, gosh, like that's the problem with E3 and all these different events is everything
starts bleeding into each other. Like I don't remember what was announced there versus what
was announced, you know, other places. I mean, was the one from Software Game looks cool,
even though it's a game I'm never going to play it. But it looks cool. I'm trying to think if
there's anything like really exciting that they announced there that other than that, that I don't
know, honestly, like the Xbox stuff, like some of these smaller indie games look really, really
good. Like I'm trying to think of some of the examples here, but like there is like some like
2D looking games that they have that just absolutely just gorgeous. Yeah. But I think
those are more interesting than some of these bigger games almost. Well, let's talk about the
big ones. So the grand finale at the end of the whole thing was Elden Ring. I'm not sure
personally how I kind of feel about this game. Like I understand there's a lot of people very
hyped for this game, but I'm also, I'm not big on Game of Thrones like a lot of people. Sorry. I
just, you know, I play so many games. I've fallen behind on my TV. So I never really got into that.
So the George R.R. Martin thing. Yeah. Evil Dead. That was something that looked pretty cool.
Okay. I like Evil Dead. But Elden Ring. So there's, you know, the trailer and I'm just,
I'm not super into the Souls game, but then I think about my husband, Alan, he loves Dark
Souls and he's played Dark Souls. He's platinumed Dark Souls. That is, that is a gaming flex right
there to have the, well, I'm sorry, the Steam equivalent of platinum, but he has every
achievement or whatever. So he's, he's done that on Dark Souls. I think he's done it on Dark Souls
too. And I think oddly enough, he hasn't really completed Dark Souls 3. I guess there's something
about it that is different or whatever. So I think he might be more into that sort of thing,
but I, for me, I'm just kind of like, it looks pretty. I'm like, this is eye candy,
like left and right. You know, we're really seeing the potential of the systems, but I otherwise was
just kind of like, all right, cool for the people that are into Souls games. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
And I do see some excitement in her chat also. Uh, Ninja the monkey in chat says Elden Ring,
finally. Uh, we also have a Quest Buster is reminding, um, also the Elden Ring trailer.
I want to get this comment out too, because Bobby says, uh, Bobby Blackwell says,
this was the game awards without the awards. Yeah, it absolutely was. It was, uh, you know,
just kind of just the announcement part of it. I'll tell you one announcement that surprised me
that I was into was the, uh, the first or second one. It was the, uh, tiny Tina borderlands.
Yeah, the wonderlands. I was, yeah, that's it. Tiny Tina wonderlands. I was actually kind of
into it because, uh, when I saw it was gearbox and 2k and all that. And then there should,
at first I was like, okay, Oh God, is this going to be a fart joke game? Like when they,
when they were kind of announcing some of those comment comics in it, I was like,
it's going to be a fart joke game, but then Wanda Sykes was one of the comments. And I was like,
okay, Wanda Sykes is amazing. And she can tell all the fart jokes she wants. I will,
I'll check it out for her. Cause I, I, I, I just love the way she talks. Like I just, I she's like,
just hearing her tell a story is hilarious. Her standup albums. And I listened to them
every so often. Yeah. No. And, and, and somebody has a delivery. I just know, I know there's been
that meme around Facebook. Like who would narrate the book on tape of your life? And I've always
said Wanda Sykes because she's so funny and my life's pretty funny. I can see that. Yeah. So,
um, so I know who I would want to narrate mine. Who actually it's a streamer. Oh, kill cannon.
Okay. Okay. It was just narrate my life. Have you listened to this man's voice?
Uh, I, I have, but I'm only a little bit, so I'm like having trouble recalling it
in my mind. Oh my God. He's got such a nice voice. I thought you were going to see,
I thought you were going to say LC at first and I can definitely hear their voice in my head. You
know, got them. I can definitely hear that. We love to see, um, no, I, I went kill cannon to
narrate my life just because I would, I would follow sleep to that, to those soothing tones.
Uh, low key. Why not? Let's finish the trifecta. Who would narrate your autobiography or whatever,
uh, with the book on tape version? Um, Ryan Reynolds. Oh God, that is such the heterosexual
answer. I love that. All right. He's snarky. It's the snark that I'm attracted to.
You have a little man crush. Well, and he showed up. Okay. Tying it back. He showed up at the
summer game fest thing too, with that trailer for the movie. I'm excited about that movie.
Actually, I know who else I would choose and that would be Emma Stone, but as Cruella.
Oh, okay. Love that. I need to see it. I need to see it. Rob, we should go see it.
I think we should. I haven't been to a theater in, since, uh, I don't, I literally don't remember
the last time I was in a movie theater. Let's have a friend date. Are we gonna have a friend date?
Oh my God. Can we, can we have a friend date and then we're going to get one popcorn and share it
and maybe our hands will awkwardly touch. Let's do it. Okay. All right. Let's do it.
Okay. Uh, let's see. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says, William Shatner. I understand that,
but William Shatner is kind of an asshole. Um, and yeah, anyway, I'm going to just tell that
story another day. Um, let's see evil, uh, ether VL and chat says Morgan Freeman. Oh,
that's a good one too. All right. Morgan Freeman's the one that's like the meme
version of that. I will just have corpse husband do it. I love that. Bobby Black Wolf says someone
doing William Shatner's voice then. Perfect. Perfect. It's like, it's like, uh, it's not
Johnny Depp as, uh, captain Jack Sparrow. It's somebody else doing captain Jack Sparrow.
Why not just have, um, Patrick Stewart narrate your life? Oh, that's a good one. That's a good
one. Anyway. All right. Look back to the, uh, so tiny Tina's wonderlands. I was into it because
I was like, Oh my God, if they made borderlands a high fantasy game, I'm kind of all about that.
That sounds like it'd be a lot of fun. Yeah. So I think that might've been my favorite thing,
believe it or not that I saw. I found some games that looked interesting to me, although I am
super, super pissed about star Lord, the game house. Oh, the, the one they were talking about
today. Yeah. Well, we'll get into that later. Yeah. But I'm also interested in that, um,
avatar game. Cause I freaking love the avatar universe. You're jumping way ahead.
That's all I'm jumping ahead, but those are what I'm excited about. A lot of people have
their feelings. All right. This week we'll get to, we'll get to the avatar thing in the next
segment. Um, so, uh, the other announcements. Okay. The death stranding director's cut. What
are your, what are your like? Cause, so it was, um, you know, it was totally obvious too. Jeff
Keeley is like, I've got a friend here. That's gonna talk to, it's just like, Oh my God. Like
you and Hideo Kojima have like such a bromance. Like it's so obvious. Like your crush is so
obvious. Jeff. Like, I feel like if I looked at Jeff binder, Jeff's binder, it would say
Mr. Jeff Kojima, Mr. Jeff Kojima all over it. Like your crush is so obvious, but there's a box.
Yeah. Well, okay. Did you, did you see that trailer? Cause it was pretty funny
because at first, you know, I was like, wait a minute, is this a different game in the death
stranding engine? Because that was the vibe I got at first and I was like into it. I was like, Oh,
they're going to meet. But then it was like, kind of like self parody. It was like Kojima's
colliding for the thing. Yeah. Oh no. And then it ended up. Yeah. It was definitely like a special
thing for the event. It's like, how much can they really, I mean, I guess they can milk it forever
for, um, mill your solid, but I thought it was like VR missions, I guess for, um, death stranding.
Yeah. But also how are you going to crawl through an event with all that stuff on your backpack?
I mean, that's just physically impossible. You can't be stealthy carrying around like
20 stacked packages on your back. Yeah. A 50 foot tall package stack on your back. Um,
Questbuster in chat says, I thought the same. I thought he was hinting towards some new expansion
or something for death stranding. That's what I kind of got the vibe at too. I was like, Oh,
maybe like an expansion. Like my, my brain went to the final fantasy seven remake and the inner and
the integrate and the Yuffie thing that all happened just this week as well. Um, and I
thought maybe that's what was happening for death stranding. And I guess when they say director's
cut, I would assume that's what it is. Like, wouldn't a director's cut be adding stuff in.
Isn't that what a director's cut does? It would be adding things that were intended to be in.
Yeah. Yeah. We really just wanted to put mill gear into death stranding completely.
I don't think any of that is actually in the game. I think that was all just a big joke for the
reveal, but it's interesting. I did. You know what though? At the end of the day, I, and I, I say,
I did love death stranding, even if I didn't beat it, because I think it came out at the re that
game's release is so interesting because I think it came out at the right time and the wrong time.
I think it came out at the right time because what a, I don't even know the word for it. What
a poetic piece, I guess on COVID without exactly. Right. It came out. It just is. I mean,
yeah, we had animal crossing as the perfect release, but death stranding also really had
that parallel going on and it wasn't even intentional. Right. But then for me, that also
made it a bad thing because for me and like, you know, you know, as an extrovert, I've been having
a very hard time these last 50 months. So for me, it was almost like too much for me, like mentally.
And I was, and for that reason, I was more drawn to the cute little animal friendships and my BFF
catch up and all that stuff at animal crossing instead, which I still need to give you your
catch up. Yay. All right. Can she come on the date to the movie? Yeah, she can come on the date to
the movie. Okay. Yay. Quest Buster in chat says I enjoyed death stranding. It was different and
it was kind of fun co-oping and road building with shared resource donations. Also zip line
networks for the win. Yeah, absolutely. So I I'll, I'll, I'll check it. I don't have a PS five yet,
but I imagine by the time I get one, the director's cut will be down in price a little
bit. So I'll probably still check it out. I'll double dip. Why not? I guess I'm the problem.
Is it only on PlayStation five? Are they doing like, um, the PC version as well?
I guess they didn't say my assumption was a PS five thing, but you ask a good question.
It probably is the only piece, but I don't know. PC's a decent guess. Um, did you know your webcam
died? Loki. I'm sure Jamie because I'm eating ice cream. It's okay. I'm like, I'm talking to,
I'm talking to two dots right now. No, it's all good. It's all good. Sorry. It's my wife got me
vampire penguin. So like, you know, it's, uh, it's fine. You can show us ice cream, Loki. It's okay.
Okay. See? Yeah, I'm okay with that. All right. Anyway. Uh, what else, what else do we miss from
summer game Fest though? If you can take a break between bites to remind me of the things I'm
missing. Oh gosh. I'm trying to remember all the different things they announced. Um,
lots of Netflix stuff. Like I'm kind of curious. I mean, I don't know, like I'm curious about the,
the blood dragon inspired thing. Although what they showed, like,
doesn't resemble blood dragon, like blood dragons, like just very tongue in cheek,
you know, spoof of all eighties actions stuff with like a ton of like neon synthwave stuff.
And the guy that's doing it, I like his fan films that he puts out the unofficial,
like bootleg films or whatever. Um, I just don't see it. I mean, it looks like a pretty
cool animated thing, but like, it's just not, it's not blood dragon. I don't know.
Okay. I have, I'll check it out. I have a list of a few things to remind myself, um,
of what was announced at the summer game Fest. Um, uh, a near automatic crossover with fall guys
and that to be costume for fall guys. That was kind of funny. I thought of act deaf because I
know he's a fan of that game. Um, the two point campus. So that's one of those SIM games. That's
that whole SIM universe that a two point hospital. Yeah, exactly. So two point campus. And that
looked a little batshit crazy, but I also know that like, I know dark soccer loves those SIM
type games. So I kind of was like, oh, maybe that'd be something that she's into. Well,
not to say I'm not into him. I might check it out. Um, it just looked a little batshit crazy
to me, like almost like there was too much going on in that game. You know,
but I think that's the appeal of that series is that they're a little bit, uh, tongue in cheek,
so to speak. Yeah. You couldn't do your, was it your magicians campus or something like that?
Interesting. Um, the also, I thought this was a very strange time to announce this whole, like,
we've got a new gaming label and that was a big thing they got into there was that there was,
uh, that prime matter where payday three Kings bounty two, the new painkiller game.
So they kind of had a bunch of like rapid fire stuff in there. Um, that was interesting that
they use that opportunity to say we're launching a new label. I thought that was a little weird,
but I mean, not like bad weird, but just like, just kind of weird, weird. So anyway. Um, and
then there were some other ones too. There's, um, uh, Jurassic world evolution too. They
have played the first one, but it looked interesting. I don't know. Maybe I'd be
more interested when the movie comes up. Sorry. Alan is texting me from target. My favorite place
and like, uh, do you want this? Do you want this? Um, okay. Um, yeah, I, I forgot. Okay.
Here's the thing. I forgot there was even a drastic world evolution one until, and then
when they played that trailer, I was like, Ooh, this looks really pretty. What is this? And then
they were like, it's evolution too. And I was like, Oh yeah, I forgot that that was a thing.
So maybe that's a series I need to check out. I don't know. Um, and then there was one more
and I was hoping Dar Sakura would be back for this, but, um, that's all right. I can ask her
later, but there was that metal slug tactics game that was kind of interesting. Yeah. It's
kind of our left field there, but it looked interesting. Yeah, for sure. So I thought that
was a little bit weird that that, um, showed up. I also, I think the tactics thing has been a mobile
game before, but like all I wanted though from that is like very, they had this anime intro type
thing to it. I'm like, I want a metal slug anime now. Not necessarily like, uh, the tactics game
is fine, but it's like, I'll take the anime, please. Um, can that come to Netflix? So,
yeah. So overall I thought the summer game Fest thing, it was fine. There were some decent
announcements, but I did think it ran a little long for what they had in it. Um, there were some
nice, like, you know, they had like the Weezer thing and the, actually that first musical
performance was the best one. And I, I'm so sorry, I forgot her name or the game that it was
promoting, which is terrible. But all I remember is that I really liked that performance that was
better than the Weezer thing to me. Um, somebody in chat, please help me out here. Um, but if you
want to talk about music to stream, that was really cute. I have that weird tie-in with that boat,
like gateboarding game. Well, that game looked cute for sure. Yeah, it's cute. It's just like,
like, this is so random that this is tied in with the game, but okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um, gosh,
now it's bugging me. I can't remember the name of the artist, like butterfly something, butterfly
garden. I can't remember. Shucks. Uh, hopefully somebody in chat will help me out here in a
moment. Um, but yeah, that was the, uh, the musical performance I liked. Thank you. Okay. Wow. I
messed up the name completely. Mike Deff said it was Japanese breakfast. Where the hell did I get
butterfly garden from? Was that the name of the song maybe? Or am I just, am I just at the point
where I'm just straight up making shit up? All right. Butterflies and gardens. Apparently,
apparently I'm thinking of a nice, so Japanese breakfast was the name of the artist. That does
sound right now that you're saying that. So, um, that was, uh, that was great. All right. Um,
let's move on. Let's talk about the next, uh, uh, media event, which was Ubisoft's event.
So the Ubisoft forward event happened. Um, I actually don't think any of us were able
to catch it live. We only caught kind of the headlines, but let me kick it back over to dark
soccer because you had brought up the avatar game. Um, and I know this was a big thing that
Ubisoft announced. And a lot of the reaction I saw online to this was, well, this game's about
10 years too late, but I don't think so. I don't think so either. Cause if you've got those sequel
at like, wasn't the first sequel supposed to be this year, but then COVID. Yeah. I think
the new avatar movie is coming out. Yeah. So, so this is perfectly right. I think that people have
allowed themselves to forget. Yeah. I think you're right. But our soccer, I know you were a big fan
of the movie and the lore and all that stuff. What, what do you, what did you think about
hearing about this new game? Um, I would have liked to have seen more about it,
but it looks really pretty and I'm interested in this snow drop engine. Um, uh, I think that
it would, you know, once I see a little bit more about it, you know, depending on like
character customization, what the story's going to be, it just still makes me think I would like a,
um, uh, an MMO in that universe. I would play an MMO in that universe in a heartbeat.
And I think it's also, it's an avatar game is also a good, um, chance to kind of reintroduce
avatar to, uh, the world. Cause it has been a little while since that first movie.
And I think there's a lot of pressure on those sequels to perform very well because that first,
you know, movie is like the biggest motion picture of all time, if I'm not mistaken, right? Yeah.
So, I mean, absolutely. So there's a lot of pressure on those sequels to do very well.
And so I think in order to help that they kind of need to bring avatar back into
that pop culture consciousness, if that makes sense. Um, totally. That's what they need to do.
And the, um, Disney stuff at Orlando is a part of that too, right? Cause they just opened the
Pandora thing at is the animal kingdom or one of those parks down there. They opened the whole
Pandora's world there and that's a big deal. Uh, apparently it's really well done. Yeah. So.
It's I just, I was watching the trailer and I've watched it a couple of times. It just seems
really like that was one of the few things that really grabbed me out of the stuff I was able to
see. Um, going into chat, a Zen monkey says avatar got beat by infinity war end game. I think did it.
I thought they did a rerelease of avatar that put it, but I could be wrong. I don't, but
either way shenanigans at one point, but I think they re-released it in theaters again. So that's
why it's like, it's back all that stuff aside. It still doesn't negate the point that those
sequels are under tremendous pressure to do well because the first movie did so well. Um,
see a Tiberian chat says they could always cancel sequels like they did divergent. Well,
they're not going to do that because they've already filmed at least two of them, right?
Like isn't a James Cameron filming like four of them, like back to back to back,
like not taking a break. Yeah. It's, it's seems like it's a lot like when we get a sequel,
we're getting sequels. There's going to be a whole Cameron. So, you know,
he's going to go through it anyway. Yeah, for sure. Um, so yeah. Uh, crystal, uh, crystal,
why can't I talk today? Crystal skies in chat says, yeah, two of them are already filmed.
I thought that's what I'd heard too. Cause I, I remember there was talk about Sigourney Weaver
being in them and all that, which made me go, didn't well, you know, I don't, I don't want,
but you know, everyone lives through the tree. How is she in it? Okay. So, Oh, wow. They have
an entire city built in New Zealand. Well, that's the place to film it. I'm sure that's going to be
interesting. So anyway. Um, so, okay. Yeah. So the game is happening and I'm sure the game is going
to be, um, um, uh, pretty, pretty big undertaking as well. Um, let's see, what else did we miss at
the Ubisoft event? Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So that whole thing's getting a sequel, which is, uh,
pretty exciting. What do you think about that? It looks deep. I played a little bit of the first
one. I know my kids played more of it, but yeah, it looks cool. Um, I just, I like how Nintendo
leaked that. Yeah. Uh, it just came to my mind, of course, my, my music game roots are very excited
to hear about this, that rock Smith is making a comeback. Um, so, but it's, it's this whole rock
Smith port for a while though they did, but now there's a whole new thing coming out. There's this
rock Smith plus that's coming out. Um, that is going to help you learn how to play guitar. And
I think they're actually like teaming up with like guitar schools and this whole thing. And there's
like a special guitar and all this stuff. So, uh, it's kind of neat to see that that series is still
going on. Yeah. Uh, there's going to be a mobile app and a workshop in the game. So it's like,
Hey, please buy more stuff for us. Yeah. Real time feedback. That's, that's pretty cool. How like,
you know, the whole like learning through a game thing is really going to the next level. That's
for sure. Wasn't that what Exeter was doing for a bit? Um, you, you, well, he was playing that
game a lot. Yes. He was trying to learn how to play through it. Absolutely. So, um, let's see
some other things that they taught. They talked a lot about rainbow six, um, which I know is a
huge series, just not one that I am super into, but I know they spend a lot of time on that.
They're getting cross play, uh, cross progression with PC. You know, there's a new Just Dance game.
Who's excited about that? That's coming out too. Of course they had to do that. Uh, a new kind of
like expansion for Assassin's Creed Valhalla, which is, um, good that I don't, I think it's
good. They're not doing a whole nother Assassin's Creed game, but they're doing an expansion. I
think is a good way to do it. Um, so that's pretty cool. Uh, and then they were talking about fire
cry six a little bit as well. So, uh, and, uh, also what was not there, the Prince of Persia
Sansa time remake, they bumped it all the way to 2022. Now that thing has been delayed a couple
times now, and now they bumped it all the way to 2022. They did not show it. So interesting.
It's going to just see if it's actually going to happen. I think it will, but I think it's
just having problems. And in all fairness, it's probably COVID related and the difficulties of
developing from home and being able to squash the bugs that way. It's probably, uh, uh, you know,
not, not doing too well. So they have to take a little extra time. Um, Loki, I know you love
these guys that are up next on our agenda, the devolver digital presentation. Did you check this
one out? I did skim through it. Yeah. Um, they have like, was it the, um, shadow warrior three
looks just nuts. I thought originally when I was looking at that, that it was a new serious Sam
game, but yeah, it just looks absolutely crazy. So there's that, um, gosh, I'm trying to think
of the atomic, what was the, there was another game, but I can't remember once again, I watched
the Xbox and I watched the developer digital all like back to back. Um, gosh, I can't remember
what other game they had there that was like really amazing, but there was like a bunch of
like crazy stuff. I mean, it's always crazy. And then of course, you know, the, the gimmicks that
they do where they're selling like a thousand dollar VHS tape or something like that. Um,
always funny. I like this stuff. Yeah, I guess they had a whole like monetization as they're
kind of riffing on the whole like monetization type of thing. Um, so the games they announced,
Loki, maybe one of these old joggy memory, uh, track to Yomi was one of the games.
Um, yeah, that looked interesting. Yeah. Uh, wizard with a gun. I liked, I liked that based
on title alone. That's by the, that's by the folks. I want to, I mean, I can't remember.
I know it wasn't like they, I thought it was another gun game based on the,
the little animated trailer thing that they had at first, but yeah, it's not,
but that looked interesting. It kind of had a don't starve vibe to it. Uh, this game sounds
super interesting to me. Inscription, which is a, uh, rogue like, but a deck builder with escape
room style puzzles and psychological horror. I'm like, wow, way complicated way to take a
lot of random shit that I'm into and like throw it all in the same game. I'm, I'm cool with it.
I'm into it. Why not? Um, let's see. And then, uh, devolver tumble time. Is that actually the
name of the game? I think it is. I thought that was just a parody that he had in there,
but yeah, no, it's a, it's a, it's a legit mobile game that's coming out. iOS and Android,
uh, demon throttle, uh, is one, uh, death's door, uh, phantom abyss and then shadow warrior three.
And that's everything that I see on my list. Demon throttle look cool. Um, but yeah,
shadow warrior three is just insane looking. All right. Um, cool. So, uh, that was pretty much what
was going on with devolver. Admittedly, I didn't catch it just because there was a lot of other
stuff going on this weekend. Uh, I couldn't sit in front of press conferences all weekend long,
but I knew I could catch, uh, some of the wrap ups later on, which it sounds like,
look, you kind of did you binge watch everything today, right?
I just tried to get as much of it in there as I could. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm just, I'm,
I don't always do this, but I have to, so I just got a text message from my dad and he says he's
watching on the iPad right now, which I don't know if I've ever gotten a text like that,
that he's actually watching the show live as it's going on. So, um, can you all in chat show
a little love to my dad who's, uh, watching, especially with father's day coming up next week.
Uh, I think it's pretty rad that he's watching right now. So, um, give him some shout outs
and chat and hello, hello. And, uh, sorry, I'm not texting you back, but I'm a little busy right now,
but there you go. All right. Dad, father's day is actually pretty sad for me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I know. I know it's, uh, yeah. Well, and, and, you know, mother's day for me is rough too. So,
um, yeah. So, um, but, uh, dad, dad chapped a little, tapped a little button that shows you
chat if you don't already see it. Cause there's a lot of love in there. Okay. Anyway. Um, let's
move on. Uh, let's talk about one that I definitely watched. Cause I was, uh, watching this event live,
um, watching it. What's that? I say where you hate watching it. No, I wasn't the Microsoft event.
I wasn't hate watching that was great. No. And I w I wasn't intending on hate watching that,
but we'll get to that. So the Microsoft event. So Bobby and I were doing co-stream much. God,
there was a lot. Well, what do you think? Yeah. Overall, what did you think of Microsoft? Cause
I kind of, I thought it was a tepid reaction on Twitter, but I wasn't, I thought it was excellent.
I thought they did a great job. Yeah. I was a little shocked. It was only an hour and 15
minutes. But, um, when you consider it, like what I really loved about it. And, uh, when Bobby and
I were talking, he really kind of, uh, uh, phrased this a really good way too, is that, um, you have,
you have the beginning and, uh, you know, they're, they're saying Microsoft saying, this is what we're
going to show you. And then they show it to you. And then at the end, they say, this is what we've
shown you. Like, here's the, here's the receipts. And they really did. They showed what, 30 games,
27 of them coming to game pass. And once again, I'm sitting here going, this is the greatest
game pass commercial that Microsoft is doing with this event. Like there was so much good stuff
where it was like, get it on game pass, get it on game pass. I mean, we're talking about new stuff,
like the halo game. And we're talking about things like Hades, right? Uh, an amazing game from last
year that is also going to be coming to game pass. Um, and I think one of the other big shocks
for a game that's coming to game pass is that I had done Chronicles, which, you know, don't call
it Suey Coden, but wink, right? There's, there's that whole thing. And that was, that was crowdfunded.
So it was a little shocking to hear that Microsoft kind of paid to get it on game pass, but the, um,
the creators immediately were doing, if you want to call it damage control, I don't know what you'd
call it because I don't think everybody feels burned by this, but you know, there's going to be
some anti Xbox people out there that are like, why is this on game pass? I didn't back this game for
to be on game. Cause you know, there's always, somebody's going to complain, but they sent out
an email almost immediately to backers and disclosure. I am, I was a backer of the game
that says, um, it's coming out. Uh, there's going to be a third DLC that this Microsoft deal has
completely funded now, in addition to the two, we promised you, and this will be free to all
the backers. So it's like, you're, you're going to get more of this game because of this deal.
I think it's going to hate on that though, but there's haters going to hate haters going to hate
exactly. Exactly. Right. Yeah. And crystal skies 80 and chat says it gets me free deals DLC. So
I'm good. And I think that's an important consider that perspective. They're not taking anything
away. They're adding to, and this is this, this, this happens a lot in gaming on a lot of
different topics. People get mad, but they're not taking away. They're adding to. So it's going to
be fine. They're not suddenly taken away the PlayStation version or the switch version.
It's just that it's also going to be on game pass, but that's still a huge land for game pass.
And in my opinion, a very smart move on Microsoft's part, because what is their biggest,
weakest spot right now at Microsoft Japanese developed games and especially exclusive ones,
they have a huge weak spot there and everybody knows that's Microsoft's blind spot. And they,
they have a really hard time with that is the Japanese develop. So they, they gave this game
a lot of money and now that's a huge asset in Microsoft's pocket. I think it's a very smart
deal. Good for them. So, all right. Let's see what else do we want to talk about from the Microsoft
of that? I know the big one I have to talk about y'all. Cause it was like this unless Nintendo
really blows it out of the water on Tuesday, which I'm managing my expectations.
I don't see how anything beats Forza Horizon 5. That blew my fucking mind. That trailer was
amazing. Um, and what is gorgeous, um, love the fact that they set it in Mexico.
And I think it's important to note. I love that the game is trying to shatter a lot of
perceptions of Mexico because let's be real. A lot of folks in the U S have a certain perception
of Mexico based on the news and the media and that whole thing. Right. And I love the fact that
through a video game, they're going to really challenge our perception perceptions of that
and really show a lot of, you know, all these diverse things, uh, from an entire country.
And I think they really drove the point home when they were like, look how you can get out
of your car and take a picture of this mural that was actually developed by a Mexican artist.
And as a Diego, I do not remember the artist's name in the moment. I'm sorry. I was absorbing
a lot of information, but it was one of the mural, the most, uh, famous, uh, mural creators and
painters of Mexico is also married. Uh, uh, his name was Diego Rivera. He was married to, uh,
Frida Kahlo. Ah, okay. Okay. And they cheated on each other a lot, but that's art history.
That's art history. But even, you know, and so, so even next to all that, the game just
looked beautiful. My God. Like I, I, I went back and looked at the, the thing that Bobby and I was
doing, my jaw was on the floor watching the graphics. It was so good. Um, so yeah. Uh,
Mike Deft is confirming it was not Diego Rivera. Yeah. I didn't see all of it yet. So yeah,
just saw a little bit of the trailer. Check out the footage for the game. It looks amazing.
Look at a mural. I'd look at Diego. What I also thought was kind of novel about
Forza and, uh, Forza Horizon and the fact that it was showing up at Microsoft's conference.
That's the game they dedicated the most time to not halo, not battlefield. They dedicated the most
time to Forza Horizon five. And like, I, I, I, I, on one hand, I get it because those Forza games
are always incredibly critically well-received and I'm sure this game is going to be no different.
Um, obviously it's huge. Yeah. And showing up like now you're getting to watch it in 4k even.
And when it was being streamed live, it wasn't in 4k. And I bet it's even more gorgeous in 4k.
I got to go back and watch it again. Um, but, uh, just the fact that that was the tent pole
made me so happy because that was what really finally converted me over to the Xbox camp was
really playing Forza Horizon was like a huge, you know, I was like, there just isn't a racing game
like this. This is huge. So, and crystal skies in chat points out Forza Horizon still has a massive
dedicated fan base. And by the way, shout out you guys, I, since we're recording a podcast,
you know what, but you guys have a hype train going in chat and I just, I just want to say
thank you. I'm sorry. You know, since we're recording this show, I don't like to do the
usual Twitch thing of, of doing all the shout outs in the middle of the show, cause it kind
of disrupts the flow of the podcast, but I just, your generosity is so kind. So thank you guys so
much. I really appreciate all of you. Thank you for being here on Sunday night. I appreciate it.
Um, Mike, I really like this mural. Oh yeah. Mike Defton chat called out. It is a Farid Rueda. I
hope I said that name right. Uh, who did that mural? Yeah. It's a cool mirror. It looks like
something you'd see on a, uh, like in the wide open walls downtown, doesn't it? Especially
because it's a bear in California is really big on bears. It makes me think of some of the murals
I've seen in parts of, uh, Oakland. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, yeah, that stole the whole damn show
to me was that Forza Horizon, but right before Forza Horizon came up was that Microsoft flight
simulator on Xbox and who that was gorgeous. I mean that we, it's, it's, we already know that
game is gorgeous. Like, you know, it's already been out on PC and it's kind of like, if you,
if you watch people stream that game, you've played it yourself. It's like, we, we've been
new. We knew that game was gorgeous, but to see it on the series X, you know, a platform that's
really optimized for gaming and to just look, I mean, Oh my God, dark soccer, bring up that
trailer too, because never in my life, 20 years ago, I would have never thought like I'm into
flight Sims, but like, I actually had been watching that one and you want to know, honestly,
the first thing that popped into my head and you're going to laugh your ass off about this
is I was thinking of a Soren from Disneyland. Oh, Oh my God. Kinda. You do kind of get that
vibe from a trailer like that, right? I totally got that vibe down to the music and everything,
but it is really, it is really pretty. Um, all the various different kinds of planes now I probably,
well, there's a Top Gun reference of course. Um, I mean, I probably wouldn't play it,
but I would watch people play it. Does that make sense? Yeah. Well, yes, especially how you've,
you've turned into quite the Twitch person this past three months, ever since you discovered
the Dead by Daylight community. And it's like queer people playing horror games, my home,
right? Am I wrong? Well, no, I was just like, well, honestly, like what got me
into that was, um, my friend, uh, sweet Nika. And then I discovered the rest of the community
around it and I'm like, Ooh, I like these people and I like this game and I suck at it,
but I'm getting better. And yeah. So anyway, um, anyway, um, yes. So you brought up the Top Gun
thing that was actually, um, there's, it's like, it looks like a free exp, no, maybe not free. I
don't know, but it's free. Oh shit. So like a free expansion to flight simulator that they're
actually, you can fly the fricking planes from Top Gun and all that. So I tie in with the new movie.
Oh yeah. For sure. For sure. But it's, it's still, it's like how it went in F 15 Tomcat.
Yeah. How completely unnecessary, but awesome. Right. As long as, as long as we get like the
Top Gun soundtrack in there as well. Yes. That remix was great. Bobby, like the minute Bobby
heard that bong that starts right there. He's like, it's Top Gun. Holy shit. It's Top Gun.
Yeah. Right now we just need like Kenny Loggins on the soundtrack.
Um, but no, for me, all I need, just the thing I do not want, please do not have the refueling
plane in flight simulator. No, no, no, no. And if you don't know what I'm talking about,
go back to the NES Top Gun game, which was amazing. Like for back in the day on the NES,
the Top Gun game was the shit. That game was awesome. The only thing cooler than the Top Gun
video game was the Top Gun ride at Six Flags Great America in the Bay Area. Yeah. But Rob,
it honestly, okay. I'm going to, I'm going to admit something to you. Okay. I had the
how to win at video games, VHS tape, and it had how to do the refuel thing perfectly every time.
Wow. I could never get it. I could never get it. Once you have like the pitch and everything,
it actually isn't that hard to get your plane there. If you do the same one every time.
It's just interesting. But honestly though, After Burner was better.
Always saying it. A Sega fan till the very end. A Sega fan till the very end. No, keep in mind,
I grew up with Nintendo and Super Nintendo. Dan's the Sega guy. I know. But stepping back now,
I can say this, After Burner is a better game because no refueling and it's a lot more fast
paced. The Top Gun was no slouch. All right. It was no slouch. No. All right.
After Burner had better music. But the two, I got to say, aside from those though,
there was some other smaller stuff that looked pretty awesome. Like Replace,
that pixel art kind of like, I don't even know. It just looks amazing. Just the artwork in that
is such amazing work. I need to try it. And then Atomic Heart, which kind of looked like a
Soviet version of Fallout, looked just crazy. So I'm gonna check those out.
I just have to shout out the chatters one more time because that hype train got all the way to
level five. They beat the final boss of the hype train. There's no more levels to the hype train.
They got it all the way. They defeated the hype train much like Final Fantasy VI.
They suplexed that hype train. Absolutely. Thank you guys so much. Thank you to all of
you who participated with that. Thank you. Thank you. Another game that just is really
pretty to me, although I don't know if I'm going to play it though, is Out of Worlds.
You must watch the trailer. The narration. Okay. The narration. Well, listen to it too,
because the narration is funny as hell. But yes, it looks good too. I thought it was Fable at first
until there was Space Aliens. I was like, wait, this can't be Fable. What if they did like
Fable alien version? I'd be into it, but they need to give us Fable the regular version first,
which we haven't seen yet. We need more Fable. You should really play Out of Worlds. I hear it's
really good. Oh, I played a little bit of it and it is really fun. And it's just one of those again,
you know, then I got distracted by something shiny and didn't go back and finish it,
but I need to. I really do. Let's talk about some of the other announcements of the Microsoft
Bethesda event. I think a big one we have to mention. Starfield. So we kind of got the first
look at Starfield, although they didn't really show the game. So I still am not really like,
okay, it's space. We knew that. But I will say like, not to sound like low on it, because when
I was watching the trailer, I was like, the level of graphical detail in this game is amazing.
You know, there was really paying attention to detail. And maybe that's why this game is taking
so fucking long, which is fine, is that they're paying such attention to detail. But we did
finally get the date. It's going to be 11-11-22, which is cute, because that's, you know, what,
11 years after Skyrim, right? So it's going to be then. And they did confirm, they put an end to
this whole, are they or are they? It is Xbox exclusive. So none for you, PlayStation, which,
you know, is an expected move on Microsoft's part. They got to do it to kind of counter
the Horizon Zero Dawns and the, you know, God of Wars of the world. They had to do something
of their own. But unfortunately, we didn't really get to see gameplay. And so I'm like,
is it Skyrim in space? Is it? What is it? So unfortunately, that part was still kind of
missing for me. But hopefully we'll see more. At least we know, okay, we got about a year and a
half to go. So we'll probably see way more about it at the next E3, that's for sure.
So it's no man's mass effect.
Hey, you know, I love this. You know, I love the space games. So that's why I'm already,
you know, yeah, you joke, but that that game already has me on it. Exactly. Let's see some
of the other things to mention. So they closed with an interesting game. Let's talk about the
actual closing of it because I saw some comments in chat. So they closed with a game called Redfall
that was a like co op open world game, if I remember right. And it looks a lot like a
zombie Left 4 Dead type of thing, except it's not zombies. It's vampires.
So it's a vampire shooter game. Now, here's the thing. I liked it. I liked that it was a,
you know, diverse roster of characters that looked very like they all had very big personalities
that look like a lot of fun. I felt like I was watching
like a good Netflix anime type of thing. But the problem was, where's the game?
They're just trying to build hype. I know, but it's, you know, and that's,
it's it's hard because I just I'm kind of where's the game? What am I supposed to get hyped about?
Because we're all old enough to know that isn't what the game really looks like. So look, I get
from a concept level, okay, they sold it. And my brain goes way back to when Blizzard first teased
Overwatch. They had their epic cinematic, right? And that was really to sell the universe,
this brand new IP that they're putting out. And they really did a kick ass job of it. But they
immediately followed it up with, oh, and this game is playable on the show floor at Blizzcon.
So people knew like that it was going to be like a Team Fortress-esque type of game right off the
bat. We don't really know what this game is. And that's the only problem I really had with it,
especially as a closer. I was just kind of surprised, like a new IP that you're not
really showing us the game is the closer. It was just an interesting choice. I'm not saying like,
it was a choice fail. I'm not saying fail. I'm just like, I'm not, I would have probably just
maybe ended with the Forza Horizon 5, but, or see, I'm kind of like maybe the Starfield thing,
but then I think I would have had the same bitch is that they're not actually showing gameplay.
Why did they do that last? So I don't know. Um, choices. Yeah. Zen Monkey in chat says,
I loved it. We'll see the game early next year. It's Borderlands with vampires set in the present
day. Yeah. And again, I'm not trying to shit on people that did enjoy it. That's great. I mean,
that's what it's trying to do is build hype, get you into this. But for me, I'm just like,
where's the game, sis? I got to see like, what, like, and that's, that's when I'm going to know
if I'm like, Ooh, I'm into this or I don't know. It looks a little, not my type of thing. Like
kind of like stalker too. I'm like, this looks really pretty. Probably not the type of thing
I'm into, but it is on game pass. So, I mean, maybe I check it out that way. So, um, Questbuster
in chat says there's also vampire blood hunt based on the masquerade IP that's coming out this year,
a vampire battle royale. Yeah. I thought of that too. So definitely, um, zombies out with that's
old news. I mean, sure we have back for blood coming too, but zombies that's, that's the old
vampires. That's the hot shit. But here's my question. Do the vampires sparkle?
No, because they're real vampires. But sparkle dark Sakura. No.
All right. The answer is always no. What else from Microsoft's event do I need to mention,
Loki? Halo Infinite looks amazing. Oh yeah. Yeah. I guess I thought I touched on that a little bit.
Well, did they recover from what they showed last time, which was not well received? Absolutely.
Which for the record, I wasn't bothered by what I saw last time. I didn't think they had to make it.
Yeah. I just was like, okay, it's got a Halo one vibe. They're, they're doing a throwback thing,
but they really went out of their way to like show, like, look where the game's at now. It's
in a very different place. So, I mean, good for them. Uh, the only thing that was a little muddled
for me and maybe chat, you guys can help me clear this up. I don't understand what they meant when
they said episode one is out this holiday. Did they just mean the multiplayer episode one? Or
are they like dividing up the main game because it's not all going to be done yet. That was the
part that threw me a little bit. And I was like, they, that muddled the message for me big time.
I wish they hadn't done that, but otherwise multiplayer and then have the story campaign is
split up. Maybe, maybe, I don't know. So, uh, everybody in chat is still yelling about me
talking about sparkling vampires. Sorry about that. Uh, fifth dream does say infinite implies
game as a service. I E in pieces. Well, that is a fair point. Absolutely. But they also mentioned
it was a ship too, or their place or something. Yeah. Yeah. And so I'm kind of like, well,
what are they charging 60 bucks for then? I don't even, are they charging $60? Cause like,
we don't know what the price is yet. I guess that's true too. It could be $70. Well, but then
for a lot of people it's game pass. And that was kind of the thing that's kind of what I left with
on that as I was like, well, are they releasing part of the game or I was like, well, it doesn't
really matter. Cause I have game pass. So I'll just get whatever they put out again,
a lovely game pass commercial Microsoft put out today, a very lovely game pass commercial.
So, all right. Uh, pretty cool as well. Which one? I got a stock or two. I got it. Well,
I mean, it's pretty obvious cause it's pretty similar, but I got a very,
you know, Metro vibe from that, but I mean, it looks good.
Uh, Phoenix 77, 26 talking about the, uh, halo release says, I mean, look at FIFA Rob
and the shit that does for $60 USD. Uh, E3VL says $60 for campaign multiplayer live service
multiplayer is free to play. Yeah. I definitely caught that. And that's a great thing. And I
think we should all be thankful to go back to Phoenix's comment. We should all be thankful.
It's not an EA game. All right. So, all right. Uh, yeah. And Pele Hanumea says the plot to
infinite is where's Cortana. That sure looked like what they were kind of showing there,
but it looks really pretty everything that was there. So cool. All right. Anything else
from Microsoft before we move on to the next one? Okay. Let's move on. Let's talk about the last
one that I watched today and that was a square Enix's event. Um, Oh yeah. Let's talk about some
fucking choices. Jesus. Like, I'm kind of excited about the pixel remaster. I'm not, I'm, I'm
pissed about it. I'm, I'm straight up pissed about it. I'm going to tell you why it was the very end
of the trailer that said coming for steam and mobile. And do you guys not have phones?
Here's the thing. When's and square's done this before when they put games out on steam that are
just mobile ports, they're terrible. And look, I'm sorry. Final fantasy is not, especially the
classic games are not meant to be played on mobile. Like I'm fine with RPGs that are created
for the mobile space with the touch controller and all that in mind. Case in point, Fantasian.
Great. That is good. Yeah. And that is like the final fantasy esque thing for mobile. I'm thrilled
that exists and I want to play it at some point. I don't need final fantasy six shoe horn on a
fucking mobile phone again. Like I just, that's what's irritating me about it. I, I'm not looking
at it the same way. I'm looking at it with hopefully having that same sort of control
like Fantasian does. And if so, I'd be super happy with it. You know what I wanted, I want to be able
to play it on my Mac. I'm, I'm happy to be proved wrong and it ends up being okay. But I just, I
guess I'm disappointed. It's not like on the switch. Which seems to be the perfect place for
something like that. And then I actually have my controller and I can play it like, and, and just
to package just like final fantasy one and two from game boy advance. I don't know what they
would do for three. I guess they could do a new translation of that or whatever that that's going
to be the most interesting release is final fantasy three, in my opinion, because keep in mind,
we've only ever gotten that game in the 3d remake localized. So it's going to be interesting that
that's the most interesting one to me. And if I buy any of them, it'll be that one. And then,
you know, four had a great version on PSP and so on. So it's not like it's not the pixel remaster
part that bothers me. It's just the whole fact that if they're aiming for mobile, I'm, I'm not
sure I'm into it. But we do still have Nintendo's event on Tuesday. And they could end up announcing
it again. And it's coming to switch as well. Although I'm trying to be a realist about that.
And I realized that is probably not going to happen. But I just like I was so kicked in the
gut after that, that I just, I almost like tuned out the rest of the Square Enix thing. I was just
like, I just, why? But anyway, so there was some other stuff. The Guardians of the Galaxy game. So
Dark Soccer, you brought this up earlier. They spent a lot of time on it a lot, a lot of time
on that Guardians of the Galaxy game. But I thought I thought it looked decent. And
I liked it. It's based more off the comic look. Yeah. Yeah. Shane had a great tweet about it.
He tweeted something like, Hey, since a Star Lord doesn't look like Chris Pratt at all,
I'm kind of into this. Yeah, I thought it was funny.
It's I like that Gamora looks like she does in the comics.
Yeah. Yeah, they all do. I think that you can only play Star Lord.
As far as we know, I'm sure there'll be DLC or something, but who knows? But a lot of people
were right off the bat kind of boxing that. Well, I don't say boxing it in, but throwing it in,
sorting it in with the Avengers game. And it's important to note Avengers was done by a different
studio. So this Guardians of the Galaxy is coming from Eidos Montreal. So it is being developed in
a different place. So I and they were very big to say at the beginning, this is a single player
game, or at least has a single player experience. So they were trying to kind of differentiate it
from the beginning from what you might see with the Avengers or what have you. Alan bought me a
present. Look at this. Look at this from Target. Thank you, Alan. Can you actually since you're
standing? I know you guys can't see I'll describe put it closer to the camera. Just so folks see it.
It's a little Street Fighter two mini machine. But that actually has like the full controller
with the six buttons. Yeah, right. All right. I need one of those. He got it at Target. But it's
I think wasn't it like $50? 50 bucks. But this is bucks. I can just play this. This is a little
more solid than the this is by far bigger than any of the other mini cabs I have. That's for sure.
Wow, this has a huge cord that goes with it, too. That's, that's something else. So there you go.
SG100 Matt says Alan loves me. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Thank you, Alan.
He did have to ask. Am I allowed to spend $50 on this for you? And I'm like, Well, if it's for me,
yeah. All right. All right. It does look good. That game looks pretty awesome. Yeah. So let's
see. Sorry. Sorry. I derailed us a little bit. But that's the joy of doing things live. So yeah,
Guardians of the Galaxy. I'm into it. I want to check it out. What else did they announce? They
had that what was the the Babylon? That was the game that was right after the final? Yeah, the
the thing that was right after the Final Fantasy news. So I was kind of seeing fall. Yeah. I mean,
it did look interesting, though. It's a platinum thing, right? Yeah. So I want to check out the
beta that game for sure. And then I think the other big thing they announced there was that
Final Fantasy origin. That whole thing had been rumored on various, you know, Twitter's social
media web forums for a little bit is that Final Fantasy is getting a Dark Souls esque type of
game because that is now all the rage apparently between things like Elden Ring. And now we've got
this coming as well as the Final Fantasy take on the Dark Souls. Although it appears to be
possibly something that's like a prequel to Final Fantasy one, because it's it's Final Fantasy
origin, not to be confused with Final Fantasy origins, a great PlayStation compilation of old
Final Fantasy games that were not done for mobile. But anyway, it's like it's a little too
Devil May Cry. Yeah, I think Team Ninja. So that reminded me a lot of like Ninja Gaiden or
something like that. Yeah, they're redos of Ninja Gaiden, but it's. I suppose it would be
interesting. I mean, it's in the universe, but, you know, I don't know. Well, I'm happy.
Go ahead. Well, I was just saying as much as I love Final Fantasy seven,
at least it's not a Final Fantasy seven universe. Yeah, and I'm I'm I'm glad they're doing a demo
to even if I don't have a PlayStation five. So I'm a little bit like sad that they don't have
a comparable thing on Series X right now, but at least they have a demo coming out so we can get
a better sense of, you know, what is this game? And that does show that they really believe in it.
You know, to put out a demo can really make or break your entire game. And especially if you're
Square Enix, Square Enix knows this better than anyone right now. Hello, Balan Wonderland, right?
A demo can make or break your entire game. Although, you know, then there was also Ni No
Kuni, which had a terrible demo, but the game turned out okay. But I digress. But the fact
that they're putting it out there and actually having a demo that's playable, I think is pretty
interesting. So I want to check. I'm sure somebody will stream that demo or it'll be on YouTube.
So I can at least get a sense of like what it's all about that way. So it'll be interesting. I'm
curious about it. I'm willing to give it a shot. Let's put it that way. Because it does seem like
Final Fantasy wants a franchise out of this because the name of the game is not Final Fantasy
Origin. The name of the game is something else that escapes me in the moment. It had a different
title. Rangers of Paradise. Thank you. Stranger of Paradise. Stranger of Paradise,
Final Fantasy Origin. So ending though on that trailer, though, did kind of give me a little
bit of a chill. How so? Just with Garland. Yeah, true. True. I mean, I saw it coming,
but at the same time was just like, hey, I like it. I can't wait for the sequel, though. Stranger
of Paradise, Chocoba Racing Origin. It's going to be amazing. I hope so. I hope so. A Souls-like
Chocoba Racing game. I think many folks probably surprised. No updates on Final Fantasy 16.
No. So I guess that'll be ready when it's ready. I mean, I don't think any of us were anticipating
it this year anyway. So maybe they just would rather keep. I guess that super cut at the very
end of the Square Enix thing might have had like two seconds of new footage of Final Fantasy 16.
But otherwise, they didn't really have an update on it. So, you know, which all right,
if it's not ready, it's not ready. And we're probably not seeing it till next year,
realistically anyway. So, but I was a little surprised there wasn't an update because it's
such a tentpole title for Square Enix, but okay. I mean, they did Creative Unit 3 did just have
their Final Fantasy 14 showcase a few weeks ago. So maybe they just weren't ready to talk about 16
right away. I don't know, whatever. So, no. All right. Well, there were other things that weren't
in the big batches. Yeah. Anything else you want to shout out here before we get to predictions or
whatever? The Among Us stuff is kind of cute. Oh yeah. Well, that was in the Microsoft thing.
Was it? I didn't notice. Actually, I think it was in the Microsoft and Summer Game Fest. You know,
that game is still huge. What was your take on all that? Well, just the, I mean, it's not,
I think it would be nicer, especially with all the streamers that I watched it play a lot of
Among Us. It definitely allows for more friends to get together and have fun being totally sus.
The colors though were interesting. Like I'm totally into the maroon.
Yeah. And the expansion to 15 players, right? Cause that, the 10 is the old.
That's what I was just saying about the 15. Being able to play with more people.
Oh, and of course the Jeff outfit, the Jeff Keeley outfit. That was the big thing.
Yeah. That return. Yes, there is that. But I mean, this, the game itself was sort of like,
it took a little bit of time for it to really take off and now it's super taken off.
And I think that it's just, I mean, just another thing for the power of the internet, you know?
For sure. That's how I look at it. Any other games you want to shout out?
You or Loki before we, yeah. No.
Okay. I didn't watch this, so no. All right.
I mean, totally, totally not part of, part of the thing, but we get our new Dead by Daylight DLC
soon and I'm kind of quaking for it. Yeah, that'll be exciting. That's for sure.
So, yes. Yeah. Well, I know we have a Dead by Daylight story coming up later and what was
diverting your attention today, but we'll get into that a little later. For now, let's talk about the
upcoming week because we are right in the middle of things. So we're taping this on Sunday night.
So by the time some of you are listening to this podcast, we may actually have more details on
things that we didn't know about at the time we were taping this. And certainly one of the big
things, you know, if you're listening to this after Tuesday, Nintendo will have had their direct
Tuesday morning. And, you know, the bar is set pretty high for Nintendo, I think. There's a lot,
you know, and probably mistakenly so by a lot of people. There's this weird ass rumor going
around right now about the whole GameStop ad that says New Nintendo Switch when I,
I'm going to be, I'm going to be completely, I'm just gonna say it. Consider the source on that,
which is one of the most clickbaity game journalists I've ever seen in my life.
And we don't have to drag him in chat if you know what I'm talking about.
I just, I think it's one of the most clickbaity people I've ever seen in my life. And if you look
on that ad that they're like, oh, it said the New Nintendo Switch. It literally says the promotion
starts today. So if there was a New Nintendo Switch, I think we would have known about it
today. So I think they meant new as in not used or new as in the remake that has the better battery,
because even the picture was still the old Nintendo Switch. So I don't, I don't know what,
I think they're making something out of nothing, which is what clickbait journalists do. So,
whatever. Anyhow, and Nintendo has said they're not announcing hardware. Like they said very
plainly, it's 40 minutes of software. And I really do think there is the potential that they delayed
the hardware suddenly to next year when they realized they would not be able to make enough.
For a change, Nintendo probably made the right decision in that aspect.
But let's talk about the software that we might see from Nintendo. You know, huge, if we want to
believe rumors, although in my opinion, a lot of Nintendo rumors are kind of all bullshit right
now because that New Nintendo thing is not playing out. So I don't know how much stock I put in this
whole 2D Metroid thing that supposedly is what we're going to see. I would, don't get me wrong,
I would fucking love it. But I'm not going to, I'm not going to set that bar and just get
disappointed. So if it happens, yay. I would also be yay just with a simple Metroid Prime 4 update.
And even if they also date it for 2022, I'm fine with that. And because that's probably
how long it's going to take, honestly. So, but 40 minutes is a lot for Nintendo.
That's a lot of time.
That is a lot of time.
Well, and they, I have a feeling they are going to unveil something big and do a deep dive.
Um, because look at things like Game Builder Garage or some of the other recent stuff this
year. Nintendo is announcing things with a six week lead time. So it is very, and this is,
I think what's realistic. If whether it's a 2D Metroid or something else, I think Nintendo
will announce like a Labor Day game and give us a deep dive on it, on why we're all going
to pre-order it today. So we'll, we'll see. We'll see what happens with that.
Um, some folks in chat E3VL says, I just want a Breath of the Wild 2 gameplay trailer. Dark
Tetsuya says, yeah, I'd love to see more on Breath of the Wild 2. Um, big same, you know,
I have strong feelings on that. I think Nintendo really needs to put up or shut up on that.
And yes, I know at the end of the day, it's not going to change sales whatsoever. They can,
they can do whatever they want, but I just, it's like, come on. Like, you know, where it,
give the fans something, like it just starts to feel like they don't care about fans when they,
when they go so long without even like just a hint of information. It's just,
yeah, a lot to me. Uh, SheHulk10 in chat says, I need Donkey Kong. I could see that as well
as like a surprise Labor Day release. I think something like that, like a Donkey Kong, uh,
in the style of Tropical Freeze and that whole thing. I think a Donkey Kong game like that
coming out Labor Day, like a six week lead time and they do a deep dive on it. I think that is,
I think that is a realistic prediction, but it is a prediction for sure.
I would just like to see something. It'd be nice for like a new Mario Kart. I think it'd be,
I mean, it's really, it's been a while since we've had any Mario Kart game since the last
one that they released was on the Wii U. Not counting the world or the camera game,
the AR game. That was, that was its own thing. That was, that was, yeah, I think you have to,
but you know, you know, they're going to say it. If I don't say we had the, the, the AR game,
they're going to say, we just got a Mario game last year, Loki.
Yeah, that doesn't even count though. It's like, we have the mobile game too.
That I would think counted more than the AR game. Like I think I've learned my lesson with not
buying any more AR things from them. Like it just, it just doesn't get used at all. Um,
I don't know. We'll see. I'm not, I don't have high expectations
because, you know, if you do that, you're just gonna get disappointed.
Yeah, I understand. I just hope there's a couple of nice things that are like,
we're going to release it today. Cause I love that stuff. I love this. Maybe another 99 game,
even though they just did the Pac-Man one, but I would, I would be all about like a new 99 game.
I think that would be fun. Um, but you know, I I'm, I'm always, I would, I would love to see
the NES remix series come back. Um, another sleeper series I'd love to see come back.
And this one gets rumored a lot Wario where, where the hell's that been? I'd love to see
that come back on switch. Um, but again, I don't want to, you know, set the bar too crazy high
because it'll just be disappointment. So, um, She-Hulk 10 in chat says Nintendo needs
X-Box game pass streaming X-Box games. Oh, like an X cloud player. Um, I, you know,
I think there's a lot of people that would be so fucking hype if something like that happens.
But I, I, that, that is like, uh, that is one of those things where like, if we were betting
illegally on what would be announced, like that would be a high odd thing. That would be like a,
uh, 50 to one odds that something like that happens, you know, that's a, that's a stretch.
I don't know. Um, but it is interesting, isn't it? When Phil Spencer sits there and he has a
switch sitting behind him, it is. But for me, I'm like, well, that's just like, you know, that's,
um, Psychonauts 2 coming to switch. You know, I, I, I don't know if I'm willing to say,
it's going to be this X cloud thing, but it would, Holy shit, would that be amazing?
That would be, I'm sure he wouldn't say no. Microsoft doesn't have a portable system.
Nintendo would have the strength of Microsoft's library on their portable system, but is it worth
it to them? I don't know. I just, I there there's a lot of it where I'm like, it just,
I feel like that the fanboy want is outreach outweighing the realization of what is realistic
and good business sense, especially for a company like Nintendo. So I don't, I'm not willing to put
my heart too much into that rumor. I think it's rad as hell. I'd love it, but I just,
I think realistically it's not going to happen, but I, I will, I will sit here and happily eat
my words with a big old spoon on next week's show. I will happily do that. We'll just say that there's
no new Nintendo switch. And what they're doing instead is that, you know, game passes coming
to switch and Nintendo games are coming to the Xbox series X. There you go. Dream the fuck on
with that one. All right, let's move on. Let's talk about, okay. I think that was finally
everything like E3 and summer game fast and all that stuff. Let's talk about our gaming
weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week. I think dark soccer stepped
away cause her camera's off. So Loki, I'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
It was incredible. So this week, as I talked about last week, I actually recorded my streaming
session today with Tango from, from hermitcraft. So that was fun. We didn't really build a ton.
It was more of just kind of just sitting there and like chatting while we were just like trying
to place blocks. Cause like it's kind of silly. I brought them on and I'm like, so what I did
and this will be all into my video too when I, when I put it out.
So I had spent this entire week crafting a very immense redstone machine. So what it was is,
is this giant light board. It was that would scroll his logo across it and then freeze for
a second and then animate off. So it was like an animated like logo board thing. So I built that
creative, brought it back into the server and built it in survival there. And then what I had
planned to do, but I ran out of time was I was going to make a joke about how my gold farm
produces way too much gravel. So I was going to cover the whole thing in gravel and just like
kind of reveal it. There's a way you can kind of use scaffolding and stuff to drop gravel,
kind of like dropping a curtain or something like that. And so that was going to be the joke
is that, but instead I just showed it to him and what we were going to do is build the building
that was going to go around that. And so that's what we did. He's not much, he doesn't normally
do building so much. It's not like something he'll more like, you know, like making the redstone
systems and stuff like that. So we both kind of struggled like coming up, it was like
creative blockers and we're just like, so we ended up just kind of messing around for like,
you know, two hours or whatever. So I showed him around the server and everything, but yeah,
it was fun. I was picking his brain on like content creation stuff, his process and all that
and just like, you know, getting tips on, you know, stuff. And so it was fun. It was, it was
nice. And then at the end, you know, it was basically like, Hey, I want to, you know,
you know, we're going to stay friends on discord, you know, you know, send me, you know, show me
what, you know, once you've finished the build, send me a screenshot, you know, and, you know,
keep me up to date with what you're doing and stuff like that. So like, awesome. I think that's
cool. Like I really enjoyed that. That's kind of what I was trying to get out of it. So it, yeah,
it was really cool. That was very nervous. Oh my God. I've been up to like two in the morning,
the last two days, because I've been trying to like cram everything into this time,
but like, it was just, it was so worth it. So that was basically what I did this week. Like I said,
I will be making a video with it. I don't know when it's going to be out yet. Cause I have to,
I want to finish the build that we started. Cause we got like part of a wall and then there's,
there's some funny stuff with that too. Like I don't want to spoil it, but like,
um, it was pretty funny when we noticed something in the, in the, yeah, fun times are had, but, um,
so yeah, it's, um, uh, I'm very much looking forward to putting it out. I still want to,
you know, keep going with the content creation stuff. Um, yeah, just going to get better.
Each episode I put out learning more, just learning from my mistakes,
that type of thing. So yeah, that's pretty much that. That's it. I hope he gives your
video a shout too. I hope you get that exposure. It's going to be great.
That would be amazing. I don't have any expectations for that though.
I would love that, but I absolutely wouldn't expect that at all. It's more of just like,
that would be cool, but like absolutely no expectations though. That said, if you do follow,
um, the Hermitcraft stuff, I think the next season's coming very soon.
He sort of hinted at that, but like, um, there is, uh, one of the guys on there,
Ren dog, he put out his, uh, finale, which he edited together. He's a big Star Wars fan.
So his like built are all Star Wars theme. And so it's a great watch. He's like, did this big
old animated movie thing. So, um, that's worth checking out, but like, yeah, they're all great.
Like I just would, I would absolutely love that, but like that's so far in the future,
like that's so far in the future, but like, yeah, I, we had a great conversation about
pixel poops. Number two, that was fun. Oh, really? Oh, cool. He thought that was great.
Um, but yeah, yeah. Fun times. It was fun. I really enjoyed it.
Good, good, good. Happy to happy to hear it. Can't wait to see the video.
Um, dark soccer, let's go to you. How was your gaming week?
I actually did not play animal crossing at all.
But because you've played three times as much dead by daylight.
Um, maybe. Um, so yes, I have played a significant amount more of dead by daylight than
averaged than I usually do. Um, I've, I was supposed to start streaming on midnight Saturday,
which I guess would have technically been the night Sunday morning. But, um, I busted my hand
in a really stupid way. So I don't know those on stream can see them all wrapped up. I, um,
I banged my hand on the door knob in the bathroom chasing after Midna. Oh, because she's a brat.
And I, it kind of felt better, you know, like not as bad because I guess it had gone numb.
And then, um, Friday night I, I went into urgent care and they thought it was broken,
uh, like one of the carpels was broken, but it ended up being a bone bruise. So that was good.
And after resting it all day yesterday, I, I'm probably gonna be back to streaming tonight. Um,
but yeah, lots of dead by daylight. Um, I am working on learning new characters. I might
tackle Hagatha tonight. We'll see. Um, or I might tackle ghost face.
What do you think of the matchmaking they've been testing? Because, um, I know some of the
streamers I watch are kind of like, eh, but I gotta say like for me, like the matches I was,
I don't know if they're still doing it, but like the past couple of days I was playing the matches
I were getting were great. Like I was actually getting matched with people that were like around
my skill. Like I was playing a level one spirit to knock out some type of daily. And I actually
got a noob squad, which for me as a noob spirit, even if I was a level, what, like 13 killer or
whatever I am was, was great. And so I was very happy with that. So I, I hope that met for me.
I thought I was like, Oh, this new metric is great. I'm not getting the bully squad.
Yeah. Although I do have to say that beforehand, earlier in the week, I, I did, uh, sacrifice a
rank one survivor and that felt really good. Good job. Good. Congrats. Uh, Ninja, the monkey
and chat with my, my rank 17 self, uh, Ninja, the monkey and chat says, yeah, MMR has been awesome.
Oh, Stella. Hi, Stella. Kitty. You want to play dead by daylight? Kitty. Okay.
But anyway, um, I have, I've been vastly, um, enjoying myself with the, the MMR. Um, I really,
it's nice being able to level with the group that I'm playing with and actually find myself getting
better. Although I'm pretty sure that if I hit, um, what is it that's right before red? Is it
green or purple? Purple? Yeah. I think I would want to stay like right in the purples. Um,
if I make it that far. Um, but, but I did, uh, actually get the full plague outfit from the, uh,
the rift. Nice. But I'm not going to use the mask on it because I like seeing her face and
having her be pretty fair enough. And, um, I've been playing board scapes and, um, I'm addicted,
of course, because, you know, me, I'm a word nerd and it's turning right now. And for those
on stream who might see, I am level. I am ranked 10 on the tourney. So that makes me happy.
Even though it's like not worth anything. I like playing the stupid word game. Um,
I'm also playing Fantasia. Of course, that's my Tuesday night stream and I'm super enjoying
Fantasia. Um, the story is getting really good. Um, and for me pacing myself by playing just
little pieces of the story every week has made it kind of like tuning into a TV show a little bit.
I'm picking up the story like that. Fair. Some really, I'm really enjoying Fantasia.
All right. Anything else for your gaming week? Um, no. Um, my gaming week, I've been playing way
too much Final Fantasy 14. What else is new? I actually streamed on my own channel, I think twice
this week. Um, some Final Fantasy 14. Um, and my Ninja hit level 80. That didn't happen on stream.
I think that happened yesterday. I wasn't streaming. Uh, but yeah, so I, I got another,
another class to 80. So I only have, I think three more to go. Black Mage, Monk, Warrior,
I think is all I have that's left. So, um, that'll be, that'll be fun. I'm gonna work on that. That's
for sure. Um, and then, uh, let's see, what else did I check out? Um, I also have been playing Dead
by Daylight. Um, here's the crazy thing. Okay. So like, I got into Dead by Daylight to play Killer
because I was like, I don't know if I can play Survivor. The heartbeat stuff messes with me. I
don't know if I can do it, but then I just kind of like, I don't know. I was like, just get over it
and play Survivor. And I did. And I've been playing Survivor. I'm up to rank seven on Survivor.
Alan is not ranked seven. And I'm not saying that to rub it in, but I'm also saying it in a way to
be like, how did I do this? I don't deserve, I don't deserve it because like, I don't, I only
have Dwight's talents, Meg's talents. Those are the only two characters I've gotten to 40. And
then I have some of the stuff that's been in the Shrine of Secrets, like the, a couple of Bill
talents, um, and maybe one other Survivor talent I grabbed from there. The Bill talents are pretty
good. The Bill talents are very necessary, but, um, I have to throw this out here. Me who has never
played Survivor and has zero intent to play Survivor anytime soon. I bought Pebble.
That was the other talent that I got, was the Pebble. Yeah.
I had to buy Pebble just because.
Um, but, uh, yeah. So I've been, I've been working on leveling up my Survivors,
but I don't know how the hell I hit rank seven. I really don't. Um, because I'm,
I'm terrible at looping killers still. It's like my big weak spot, but I am pretty good at not
being found. That's where I'm, you know, uh, I I'm, I'm pretty good at the stealthy part of things.
Like I'm good at like working on a generator. Then like, as soon as like, I know the killer's close,
like crawling away around the wall and then out the window so that they can't see me, you know,
tiptoeing out the back doors. They can't see that I was there. Um, do you have David?
That's the character I'm working on now. So David is level 28.
Uh, you need, you need the no short cosmetic because I have an aesthetic game crush on dabs.
Yeah. He's, uh, and I call him dabs because he's British and that's a very valid nickname for David.
Um, but I've been getting random dailies. So I actually got Nia up to like six or seven because
I had two dailies for Nia. So I kind of had to do it. Um, and then I, I think I had somebody else.
I mean, the new entity. Yes. Yes. The new entity. Uh, so that's been my dead by daylight. I have
yet to stream that game, but I will, I will, I will break the seal on that soon. Uh, I just,
that will be when I play survivor. I will play with you. All right. All right. That'll be good.
I'm waiting for Jill. Well, I want to be, I want to be the totem bitch. So you're waiting
until Tuesday. Yeah. Pretty much maybe. Um, so yes, there's that. Uh, Ninja, the monkey says,
come play with us, Rob. I will, but please, please keep in mind I'm ranked seven, but I'm not good.
Okay. So as long as we all have that expectation, then yes, I'll play. It's fine. All right. Um,
let's see what else, uh, for my gaming week. Oh, I should talk about something new. So I played,
um, on Xbox series X fantasy star online to new Genesis came out this week. Um, and so I downloaded
that and I checked that out. I'm not very far into it where my opinions are really full fledged
right now. So I don't, I'm not going to really give you like these, this is my final thought.
It is also struggling a little bit with a lot of the things that every new MMO goes through. And
that is lag servers are getting hit crazy, you know, that sort of thing. So I'm, I'm going to
give them the benefit of the doubt and a little more time to work that stuff out, especially
cause the game is free. Um, this isn't like a game I paid $60 for like, you know, the mass effect
remaster, uh, where they're still patching it. Um, so, uh, yeah. Fantasy star online to new Genesis.
I do like that this, uh, the, the prologue that I've been playing, I think makes for a much better
tutorial than throwing 10,000 quests at you like original fantasy star online to does. Um, the only
downside I can really think of is that I tried to make a new character, man. There's some ugly
characters in that game. There's I could not make a good looking character. So I went, I,
you can import like your PSO two character and that's what I did. And that looked much better.
So, uh, yeah. So I was playing a little bit of that and, uh, I'll give you a more fully
real light cause I'm only like level four or five. So, and I feel like I'm still a tutorial,
so I don't really have full fledged opinions yet. Um, but that is a game I'm, I've been sinking a
little bit of time into. Um, although I lost a good 15, 20 minutes of progress because apparently
if you don't get to a certain point in the prologue, you roll all the way back to an
important story, story points that kind of irritated me, but it is what it is.
So that was my gaming week. All right. Uh, I know we usually do, uh, the gaming week at the top of
the show, but we had all of that, uh, you know, E3 and summer game Fest news that now we're to
the point of the show where we're going to get into this very familiar, lovely segment. Let's
do the bump. And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault
and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
But I believe dark soccer is putting a twist on it this week, right? Dark soccer.
I am. We're, we're doing this thing. All right. Tell us about it. It's a flag.
A flag. And here it is. What's the, uh, for those who don't know, flag is a fucking weird
arcade game. And I have picked a ticket spitter because it's fucking weird. The game is called
stinky feet. There's not really a whole lot to say, to say about this one. Um, you can have
either a single player mode or a four person mode, but basically you sit on a toilet seat
and you fire water. Oh, I didn't even see that there was a toilet seat you sat on because
whoever filmed this YouTube lovely put their finger over the lens. A little,
a little crazy anyway. Sorry. But anyway, you fire water at these people stinky ass feet
and these people are holding their own nose in the bathtub and you are shooting water at their,
at their stink ass feet while you're sitting on a toilet who puts their fucking toilet in front of
their tub. I mean, really, that's kind of stupid, but anyway, it's a stupid game. It's fucking weird
game and it's put out by, uh, Betson. Um, I believe, oh, maybe that's just who's, who's
trying to sell it, but, um, it's, it's just fucking weird. I have nothing else I can say
about it other than it's fucking weird. What Loki you sound like you have a comment on this.
I had to ask if you're sitting on a toilet seat and spraying something at feet, is it
is it dark? Sakura, the $10,000 question of the week. Is it P
bitch? Maybe I have to read the blurb though from this, so I'm just going to read it verbatim. Okay.
It's fun, exciting, different and simple. Gameplay that works. Stinky feet is a hilarious
multi target water race game that is great for all ages. And do you know how those feet got stinky?
Let me finish doing my cutesy announcer voice, please. Yes. Thank you. Follow the light pattern
to win. It has a unique bathtub theme. Every gun is a replica of a bathtub faucet and the seats
resemble toilets. You can also link five to 12 units. I don't know how many people
like a stinky family feet. Where do you come from? Resident evil seven.
All right. Um, let's get some of the comments on this segment from our chat room. Uh,
in no particular order, we have the heck what is happening? I need an adult. What the fuck?
Okay. Then I need an adult in all caps. I can't even carnival game. Good Lord. He, he, he,
and it's actually not water. It's light, but you pretend dark soccer. Your look is giving
me Kathy Griffin vibes. There you go. I am. Yeah, I think that's a compliment.
I can't go bad with that. No way. Although I am holding, I'll look at the camera cause I'm wearing
my ACE pride makeup. Um, and while she's doing that, uh, dark Tetsuya says didn't ever expect
flag of the month to go this way. Do you, do you know what this, do you know what the segment is?
Are you new here? Are you new here? Dark, dark Tetsuya.
It's called the fucking arcade game of the month. I almost did a game called shoot the poop,
but I'm not going to do that one. Uh, and VG realness who paid you the, uh,
Kathy Griffin compliment has a followed up with gorge in response to your makeup.
Thank you. How about that? All right. I'll send you some Oreos.
There it is. You're fucking weird arcade game of the month. That's a thing. Cause Canada doesn't
have the crazy flavors we do, right? That's for the record. I have to digress a little bit and
talk about these Thai Lay's chips that I got that are chestnut flavored. They're sweet. Oh wow.
Fucking delicious. Sounds good. I'll get you some. All right. Yeah. And I don't know what,
what kind of get you. I just remember I can't get you anything with peanut butter. Right. So,
um, there's a million flavors at the store. Lemon cream, I think right now. Oh yeah. Yeah.
Now they're getting the point where they're kind of cycling through the same flavors.
They won't really see new ones anymore. So yeah, but I don't think I ever sent you lemon,
so we'll have to work on that one. All right. Uh, my, I think a really good one right now is
that there's like a strawberry one. Is it strawberry donut or something like that?
It's a pretty good one. Yeah. It was like a strawberry donut one. I haven't tried that.
Okay. So I don't know. That might be gone by now, but anyway, uh, one thing I wanted to say,
by the way, before we get back into rapid fire news. So I was checking out while, um,
we, some of you guys were talking and doing the segment, I was checking out this arcade cabinet.
If you missed, uh, about 30 minutes ago, Alan brought in this mini, uh, Street Fighter two
arcade cab into the studio. And I was like, why does it have this giant ass wire to plug in?
Well, the deal is, and it's on the back of the box. I don't know if you can see it.
You can actually hook two of these machines together through the wire. Cause it's street
fighter. Right? So, and it only has one joy. So it actually has a link cable. It has a link cable,
like it's a fucking game boy. Oh my goodness. So you link the two machines together, right?
So there you go. I don't know if it's $50 worth of rad for a game that, you know, but it is,
it is bigger. So if you remember the mini cabs that are at my house, this is definitely bigger.
I don't know. Like they actually, they don't just have the screen, but they have that whole
decoration that shows all the world warriors like around it. So that's kind of, Oh, it's champion
edition. So I get to play the, uh, bosses too. That's kind of cool. Yeah. Wow. Head to head play
by linking two devices. I can't believe 20, 20, 21. And my husband just bought me a device with
the link cable. Love it. All right. Anyhow, uh, let's get into some rapid fire news. So believe
it or not, we had all of these announcements, announcements, announcements, uh, from digital
media events, but there were other things that happened in the industry too. Let's talk about
some of them pretty quickly here. Loki, I think you have a couple of quick, quick headlines,
right? Yes. Uh, so game builder garages have mentioned came out this week and they do have
a demo available on the switch. So if you want to check it out, you probably should do that.
Cause it looks pretty awesome. I have yet to recreate pixel hoops number two in it yet.
Um, but that may be coming because why not? Um, and then, um, well, yeah, hopefully you can
download the demo because they've had a recent firmware update that actually prevents, uh,
downloading games after the update. Um, there are some errors with it, but, um, I don't know if it's
a lot of systems that were affected by it, but, you know, hopefully they will be, um, getting
that updated soon. I think I saw Flaco tweeting about that. Oh, sorry. Flaco hope you're able to
fix it. Yeah. So, um, keep out, keep an eye out for that. And then, um, last but not least also,
there was some announcements during the summer games fest, um, talking about, you know,
Netflix series again that they have, um, the cuphead series don't deal with the devil
that Wayne Brady is going to be King dice in that, which I think is some pretty good casting
actually. Um, it looks interesting. So we'll check that out when that, uh, series eventually
hits Netflix. Yeah. That cuphead series looks pretty cool. I mean, which of course the game
has amazing art direction. It lends itself very well to a show like that. So it looked very,
very cool to me. Well, it's based off old cartoons. So it makes sense that, you know,
yeah, it looks like an old cartoon now. Exactly. A new old cartoon, uh, dark Sakura. How about
you? What do you have for us? Oh, a couple of things. Um, so, uh, oh my God, I just completely
lost where I was. So today there was a really, really fun dead by daylight tournament. Um,
it was called raft con. It was organized by, uh, hydro. Um, and, uh, it was just really,
really a lot of fun. It was all for charity. It was a raising money for the Trevor project,
which they exceeded $2,000. I want to say it was something like around 2100,
a little bit past that. Um, and it was really exciting. I mean, it was, I mean,
if you're into depth by daylight, that is, it was, there was some kind of real male biter moments.
Um, and, uh, it ended up, uh, killer side, uh, losing color one, which honestly, I don't think
anyone was really surprised about that one. He's, he's pretty hardcore. Awesome. A nurse.
I heard he had to do a pretty big match as hag though. Yes. So this one, well, it was the finals,
the start of the finals, which were two matches, uh, each, uh, the other one in the finals was,
uh, Laurie bird, who also was, uh, a nurse main. And, uh, they had, uh, Hawkins,
which is terrible for nurse, right? I mean, it's also terrible for a lot of people, but I digress.
Um, so losing color went, uh, the path of hag, which worked out great. And, uh,
Laurie bird went the path of twins that worked out not so great. Um, but the, uh, the survivor team
that one was, uh, the mod squad, which, um, honestly, everybody did such a good, uh, a good
job. Haslin's team did a really good job. I was really impressed by just the overall skill. And
this would be like, if I were better at the game, this is the kind of matches I would want to do
because they're just really engrossing and just really fun to participate in. And I, I, I had
a great time watching. I was really invested. I hope they put some of the highlights up on
YouTube. My only complaint, and I understand why they did it today because it's pride month and
everything, but my only complaint is that they chose the E three day to do it. And it's like,
there's all these big pressers and I've got, I've got to pay attention to them, right? I have
nothing to talk about tonight. Um, so I hope some of those matches are on YouTube because I'd still
love to be able to support it somehow. It was like 65 different, um, streamers involved in it.
And like some of the people who, I mean, I watch regularly, uh, mithril onion, um, a good streamer,
King Bay, you watch all 65. I don't watch all of them. Uh, are you sure I, again, you guys,
I cannot go in to a dead by daylight channel and not suddenly see dark soccer pipe up and chat.
I might even be like, who's this new person I've never watched before. Oh, this is an interesting
stream. And then all of a sudden dark soccer, OLR, like, hi, good play or whatever comment
she's making. I'm like, my God, she's everywhere. No, but I, I say that with love. You know,
I say that with absolute and total love. I love that you're so into it.
Well, I mean, but like a lot of the ones in here that are, that I'm like the most
hangout in would be like Kilcannon and King Bay and, uh, uh, Twilight King, Nick and Prince.
I mean, just really, but I was really impressed as far as the survivors go. And not just because
I really enjoy watching Le Pen and think he's a fantastic just person, but the way Le Pen did,
uh, Kate and was so good at hiding and not being found at all.
Ah, that's, that's, that's my style. Yeah. I love that.
Yeah. I was really impressed. Um, and still being able to, to participate with other,
you know, go to do rescues, do gens, do everything. So I was pretty impressed.
Dark soccer. Will you help me convince Chad Starsick to play the game already?
Well, it's on game pass. He can play it.
I I'm actually kind of floored that, that he's not.
Yeah, I know. I know. All right.
But anyway, um, the last thing I'm going to say about this is congrats to,
to everybody who participated. Thank you for doing such good work for charity and putting
on an amazing show. Thank you to Hydro for, for organizing everything. And I,
I really am just so impressed. I really love the way the communities come together for great cause.
Um, props to everybody. Yeah. A lot of names I recognize too.
The next thing is, is pertinent to my interest because her. So there's a new
Castlevania series that Netflix is going to release that stars Richter Belmont,
which makes me super happy because then it's all Dracula X, uh, stuff. So of course,
there's Maria Renard, um, who is, uh, his sister-in-law cause you know, he,
and well, and Richter is a descendant of Saifa and Trevor. I mean, cause all the rest of the
Belmonts are, so I am really hoping just the whole thing is, uh, Dracula X related. I mean,
I don't know if we're going to have little Maria, which would be funny cause they, um,
and of course the, all thing is, is during the French revolution as well. Um, but I'm just super,
super happy because Richter is my, my favorite Belmont and the Dracula X and Dracula XX
Nocturne in the Moonlight. Those are like two of my favorite games.
All right. Lots of good stuff, lots of good stuff in that Netflix event. That's for sure.
All right. Let's go travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out
this week in world release dates. Uh, Loki, I had one more thing to mention. My bad. Go for it.
Yeah. Cause I had forgotten to, um, it has been confirmed from a release by steel series. Um,
that for the resident evil chapter for dead by daylight, it has confirmed that, uh, there are
legendary, uh, cosmetics for Leon and Jill that will have, uh, uh, Chris, uh, and Claire.
Oh, cool. Yeah. So they, they are con it had been hinted before dbd leaks, uh, made a mention of it,
but, um, steel series, let the whole cat out of the bag that it's, uh, they're legendaries.
We'll get maybe, maybe Shane getting to play as Chris. Maybe we'll finally break them. Who knows?
And I'll just read it says the resident evil collection available via the end game store
includes two legendary sets for Leon and Jill that bring Chris and Claire Redfield into the fog.
Which version of Chris, apparently this is very important to Shane. I would imagine it's the re
two remake, right? Cause that's, that's what the nemesis are based off of. Right?
Well, I mean, Chris wasn't in re two, so it would probably be, um, I would reckon the first one,
but I mean, but keep in mind they're, they're going to do more and more cosmetics for it.
So I'm sure we would get a village Chris before too long. All right. So you can get your gruff
buff and a tough, uh, grizzled, uh, daddy, Chris. All right. I'm just going to call him daddy, Chris.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. Uh, we'll start in the U S Loki.
It's a slow week. It was a huge week this last week. So yeah. And really,
we're only getting two games that are being ported over to the, um, the new gen systems.
So we've got, uh, the elder scrolls online. It's getting a dedicated PlayStation five and
Xbox series X version and Metro Exodus complete edition is also coming to PlayStation five and
Xbox series X. That's it. Uh, it looks a little light in Japan this week as well. Uh,
Japan is getting a game on the switch called Bakumatsu Orenka Shin segumi, uh, is out this
week. And I am not familiar with this franchise. It is from D three. Is that Shinsengumi? Uh, yeah.
All one word. Yeah. Yeah. So she's saying, uh, so it's a new, I think based off of a newer
anime series, I've seen some cosplay stuff out for it yet, but I mean, the Shinsengumi
was like a real group, like during the, the whole Meiji period. Um, and there's like,
they've been in like a bajillion anime, manga, comic books, just different iterations of
characters based on Shinsengumi. Looking at this description too, it looks like this is an older
release. That's kind of like a high res for the switch. So it's kind of like a rerelease for
switch because yeah, then when I look at the PlayStation four, it's pretty dry this week and
the PlayStation five in Japan this week, uh, that red controller, uh, is out. Uh, but that's really
it it's otherwise it's a very slow week in Japan as well. How about the UK dark soccer? Is any
different there? Eh, not really. Um, so what we have, oh gosh, I scrolled too far because, uh,
British States are a little bit different than how ours are listed. So, um, what we have is on
the 17th, we have rogue book for PC. On the 18th, we have Vader immortal, a star Wars VR series.
And, uh, that's about it. Excellent. All right. Uh, let's get a few more stories in here. Some
other things going on. Um, I guess this next story is kind of about E3, right Loki, but it's,
it's something everybody's talking about. It's really stupid. Um, it's, it, I, I think it's the
authentic E3 experience, but at home. So we've complained about E3 in the past and how you have
media credentials, but you're not really media because they're, you know, only going to let
certain media outlets look at this stuff. Well, that's what, um, the ESA is basically saying
regarding, uh, co-streaming some of the E3 events is that they have a short list of exclusive, uh,
well, basically folks that are approved to, you know, actually broadcast that stuff and that,
um, they don't really authorize anybody else to do it. I'm thinking that it could be that
they're white listing those so that they don't get copyright claimed, or maybe it could be just that,
you know, they want to be responsible for if you're co-streaming and you get,
you know, DMCA copyright claimed or something like that, but you can hold the ESA responsible,
like anyone would actually think to do that. But I don't know. To me, it seems like it's more of just
like, you know, they, um, they're being dicks. Well, E3 is just behind the curve. You get the
sense that the ESA is not run by people that are current on their technology. And that is very,
this is something I've called them out on before is that for the type of organization they are,
they should know their shit when it comes to technology. And it really feels like they don't.
And it's very frustrating because am I, am I, am I incorrect that they leaked more data again from
their registration database this time? I thought I heard that was the thing this year. Chat,
please feel free to jump in and help me recall. Um, yeah, I don't remember if that happened,
but they basically black compat says yes. And as she says, they did. That's what I thought.
And so it's one of those things where it's like, well, thank God, I didn't sign up to be your
partner to stream. Cause you would have just given out my address. You would have doxed me
in exchange. So it's like, I, the ESA just needs to grow the fuck up in a lot of ways. I know that
sounds very rude. Um, and yeah, it's rude. Um, because I think for what they're supposed to be
for this industry, it's very frustrating that they're just, they're lagging behind and all
these different ways. Like wake up, have you ever watched a Twitch stream ESA? Do you know what
co-streaming is? Here's, here's what they said. They made it, maybe they're walking it back a
little bit, but they said that basically that there was over 1300 submissions. They only
approved less than a hundred creators for the brands for official co-streaming. They said that
the, um, unauthorized streams are still welcome to co-stream, but it won't be in the official
capacity, whatever that means. So the, so it is less about being concerned about the DMCA and
more of them being dicks. I mean, that's really, they just completely made that clear is that.
I, I also, I also think it's ridiculous that like, you know, they had to have, okay. So like,
let's say the Square Enix thing was streamed on Twitch gaming, but they had to strip out all the
licensed music for the Twitch gaming thing because the musical industry might come after them
otherwise. Like we need to then stop putting, stop helping the music industry by putting licensed
music in trailers. Like I want to see the game industry fight the fuck back, like stop putting
licensed music in trailers, then fine. You don't want us to use your music. We won't use it.
And I, they need to push back on that stuff because it's ridiculous. Like what the music,
and, and I said this a little bit on Bobby show. I think the thing that pisses me off the most,
I swear to God, if I ever ran for public office, which I don't think I would ever do,
but, um, I, I, this would be the, I would ban these bot claims. I would say robots should not
be filing copyright claims. People should be filing copyright claims because that way you can
measure intent. And I think that's a huge part of what this is. Like, yes, if you're running a
stream where you're willfully just like playing music on demand and all this stuff, then you
probably should be stricken down and not be on Twitch. But you know what? Oh my God, I accidentally
played, you know, Grand Theft Auto and streamed like two seconds of a Guns N' Roses song or
something. Like you should not lose your whole fucking wellbeing online because something like
that. We need reform on this law. What do you think got me into making my own music?
We have a government that can't do shit right now. And it's so far like, I'm like, well,
we need the government to solve the copyright, but they're not going to.
No, this is, they're not going to, especially when it works out for them. I mean,
it's just, it's just stupid. Anyway. Um, let's see. Um, Chad starts again,
chat says stripping out the music from the guardians of the galaxy trailer would have
taken like 50% of the neatness away from it. Guess what? I saw it without any of the music
because I was watching on the, um, Twitch gaming thing. So I didn't see it with the music.
What they should do is replace all. They should have a database of really bad recorder
covers of all of these songs and just replace them all. Let's see. So, uh,
as she went into Matt is also clarifying what happened with the, the press information on the
press site for E3, you can search fellow press people and look at their profile that had their
personal info like phone numbers, personal emails, et cetera. Oh, cause I'm sure nobody
had their password as password one, two, three, or, you know, the, the, the answer to one of those
Facebook memes going around or something like, I'm sure, I'm sure your information was super safe.
It was, it was only available to other press. Um, black and Pat in chat says their initial
statement because I got the same email as Jeff was to beware and co-stream at your own risk
of terms of service violations on the platform you choose. And I would think that the ESA,
if they were an industry that is truly represents the gaming industry and gaming culture would be
pushing back on the music industry, or at least trying to come to some sort of agreement on this
so that we don't have to suffer, but the ESA doesn't give a fuck about us.
Hmm. And that's the reality. They care about their bottom line.
They care about the money that they can make and removing any form of it's all about control.
It really is about controlling the whole thing. Uh, and black and Pat says, as a result,
I canned co-streaming the Xbox briefing today for safety. Now on one hand, uh, Microsoft did
kind of give express permission on their own. However, that being said, I don't blame you.
I absolutely don't blame you. You don't want to take the risk. Why take the risk?
Especially when you we've just acknowledged earlier in the show, you've worked very hard
on your channel to this point where you're about to become a Twitch partner. If anybody
that looks at your application has a brain, you're going to be a Twitch partner.
And, um, you know, and this, this whole thing. And, uh, I like they, they, they lost you
beak out of this whole fear thing. And I think that's a, that's a, that's a really unfortunate
thing. Cause I know, I know you gals are big Xbox fans, you big, huge supporters of Microsoft,
uh, from day one, they, they really miss something by not having you co-stream today.
And it's because of, and it's not Microsoft's fault. It's not your fault. It's all this other
fuckery. And at the end of the day, you want to, you don't want to lose what you've built.
And I get that. I totally get that. Um, let's see, uh, tiger claw and chat says,
streaming the guardians of the galaxy game is going to be difficult due to the game having
licensed music. Won't you be able to, didn't they say something about a streamer safe mode
or am I, I might be thinking of a different game, but that is an interesting thing we're in now is
that games have to have streamer safe modes and two soundtracks. Because again, we can't work
our shit out with the music industry. You would think that they would just,
they would save money, not even having the licensed music in there. I know it compromises
their vision, I guess, but yeah, you can save money. They like to save money, right?
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Um, Phoenix 7726 says, I'm not saying boycotting E3 is a wise idea,
but well, it's going to be interesting to see what happens when they come back.
And let's, let's also keep in mind this week was not just about E3. We also had summer game fest.
We also had several independent things that were rising up. And, you know, obviously I said summer
game fest had some of its own issues, but there was also a lot of positives about that event.
And so maybe E3 is starting to get a little bit of competition. And I think that's a very good
thing at this point, to be honest. Yeah. Anyway. All right. Um, let's move on. Speaking of
Microsoft stuff, I think this is very exciting and something I'm kind of surprised they didn't really
talk a lot about, um, at the event today was they didn't really get into xCloud and how that's all
going to work or any of that, but I guess maybe they're going to save that for a special event or
something like that, but there are Xbox video gaming, video games, streaming sticks that are
going to be on the way. So a few days before the whole live event, uh, apparently some executives
sat down to talk about what's going on here. Uh, there was a little, uh, prerecorded media thing
between Phil Spencer and, uh, Stan Nadella, uh, who was talking about game pass and Azure and all
that, and then talked about how Xbox is working with TV manufacturers around the world to get
game pass on TVs, which makes a lot of sense. Um, I think PlayStation had a thing with some,
well, there is probably Sony TVs, but I think PlayStation was on some TVs like that whole, um,
is it placed? Yeah. PlayStation now I think it was on some TVs, but so it would make a lot of
sense that Xbox goes there too. Um, if you have game pass ultimate, you're going to have the cloud
ability. And so you'd be able to play Xbox titles with just a controller. So you have your Xbox
controller, you hook it up to the little streaming stick and bang. Now you have the cloud. I love
this idea because this means I'll be able to play video games in the bedroom, uh, from my series X
in the living room. I think this is great. I hope the sticks aren't too expensive, but I don't see
why they would be. So yeah, they're developing standalone streaming devices. You can plug into
your TV or monitor. So it sounds a lot like a Chromecast. Um, so I think this sounds awesome.
And I, I can't wait to check this out. So is this streaming from your Xbox
series X or is this just streaming through, uh, X cloud streaming from the web?
My understanding is both exist. Uh, and that, that I'm not sure which of the two it is here,
but I think you can choose which it is. I think one is called one thing and one is called the
other. I think when you're doing like Xbox cloud gaming and that, that is like in the cloud,
but when you're doing Xbox, I think there's something like play anywhere or something
like that. That's when you can play from your series X. Yeah. So we'll see, uh, dark soccer.
What do you have for us? Well, uh, hackers gonna hack and Steelers gonna steal. So, um,
they have stolen the source code to FIFA 2021 and EA's Frostbite engine.
You mean like FIFA 19? Yeah. Anyway, um,
on a few of the different, um, hacking forums, um, uh, it was found that they had taken
more than 780 gigabytes of data from EA. Um, and according to the screenshots that were shown,
it includes the source code for FIFA 2021 and, uh, source code and tools for the Frostbite game
engine. Um, and other assets look like different software development kits and they're trying to,
of course, sell these assets. Um, so they said that no data player data had been accessed,
so there's no risk to the player privacy, but, um, they've tried to plug up that whole really
quickly. Um, and of course, I mean, it's not the first time this has happened. Um,
CD project red got a ransomware attack earlier in the year. Um, and they eventually, uh, sold
the source code to that game too. Um, but now EA is saying that they're not going to be affected
the same way, but that remains to be seen. Well, I saw an article that it's like completely
speculative. I think it's more of like, I wish this would happen. Um, where they're saying that
they could dig through the source code for like, say FIFA or something like that, to see how
they use loot boxes and whatever to manipulate people into spending money on that stuff.
Expose them, basically, they're never going to do that. They're, they're in it for the ransom
and that's it. There's no white hat, white hat hackers in that group at all. I'm assuming.
Although if someone did want to say, pay for said source code, right.
And then use, use that knowledge for an altruistic purpose.
Maybe.
No, they're selling it for 28 million.
I don't have 28 million.
Well, especially with all the, um, you know, things that, especially with all the things
that EA kind of sells, like the FIFA cards and things like that, if somebody got the source code,
they could really exploit that. Um, I would think, and, uh, kind of build a black market
of fake stuff. You know what I mean? It could be very interesting.
Or maybe they could fix a mass effect Andromeda.
Isn't that the truth?
Anyhow, a few more stories for you guys.
Loki.
All right. So I've, I'm honestly not surprised at all. I'm surprised it took this long.
So we have a story about Roblox being sued by music publishers for $200 million
regarding, um, illegal use of songs from numerous artists.
I've seen so many games on Roblox that my kids play. They just have like all this licensed music,
just all over the place. Cause it's kid, kids making it a lot of times and they don't know.
They're just like, whatever, it's mine. I can put it in there. It's just, it's all over the place.
So apparently the national music publishers association is suing them, um, that they're
making hundreds of millions of dollars by requiring users to pay every time that they
upload music onto the platform or that they should be making, um, them pay that.
Um, so they said it points out some of the major artists affected Ariana Grande,
Imagine Dragons Deadmau5, it's, it's everything. It's everything. Seriously. It's, it's all over
the place. Like, and it's not even necessarily just music. It's IP as well. There's so much IP
theft on there. It's just, it's very unregulated. Well, it will be soon. Right?
That's a good way to do it. It's a wild west for right now, but that's going to be locked
down pretty fast. Teach the kids the lessons early. Unfortunately. Intellectual property
got to smack it down. This one, you know, it's funny, even though I was very critical of like
the music industry and needing to modernize a little bit ago, this one, I'm a little more
sympathetic to them on because there's the clear difference here is that a lot of these Roblox
add-ons are being sold, uh, for money and all that. So I kind of think, yeah, the music industry
kind of has a right to step, but I, again, I, maybe they're very frustrated and they're suing
all of Roblox because they can't bought it. They can't find this stuff through bots. So they're
just like, we're going to sue Roblox into oblivion. Well, this is exactly what happened
to YouTube. And so it's basically, if they don't have a process where it's regulated like this,
it's gonna, they're going to lock it down. It could be like Twitch where we end up seeing,
I don't think they're going to like ban you. I mean, they could ban users, I guess, but like,
I don't think it's going to, it's more of just like removing the offending content.
And a lot of the games out there that have like a lot of the slices of music thrown in,
it's just, they're like trash, but I don't think it's any like more of the popular games that are
doing this. It's more of just like all the trash that people make because anybody can make stuff
and post games on Roblox. It's just kids that do that just think, oh, well,
I'm going to go to YouTube and I'm going to steal the sound effect, or I'm going to go to YouTube
and I'm going to steal this music and throw it in there. And they don't, they don't know. They
don't know anything about, you know, their IP and stuff like that. So yeah, like I said, I said this
months ago that this is bound to happen. So yeah, here we are.
Here we are. All right. Last tonight, before we get to emails and all that other good stuff,
we have a very interesting promotion coming from Jackbox Games because of course they have
Jackbox Party Pack 7 to promote. So apparently in the next week, Jackbox is going to be letting you
hire free practice friends. What are practice? Yeah, you get practice friends and what they're
going to do, they're going to remind you what it's like to be around other people.
You sign up and you get to compete for time slots, and then you get 30 minutes of judgment free
Jackbox Party Pack game time. And so the Jackbox Party Pack folks, they all must be hired improv
actors or something. They're going to help you remember how to interact with people because,
you know, it's been a long 15 months. But I don't plan on interacting with people ever again.
Well, then maybe this isn't the promotion for you, perhaps.
I'm living my hikikomori fantasy, yo. In fact, the interesting thing about it
and the thing that I think they may have missed is that the last thing I want to do right now is
a virtual hangout like that virtual hangouts. I've been doing that for 15 months. I don't
want to do it anymore. So I think that may be where they made an error. But you know what?
We need a brunch so that we can learn how to hang out with people.
I've done brunch a couple times. And then there's food.
Yes. I have not been to a brunch.
What happened to miss? I don't want to see anybody.
Well, that's different. I'm talking about like people, quote fingers, people.
Oh, when you say you don't want to see people, but you do want to see a mimosa.
I want to see a mimosa and I want to hang out with my friends.
All right. My friends are better than people.
Bobby in chat is saying bring O.L.R. back in person. Well, we'll see what happens.
But I have a really good mic and you can wear my pajamas.
You can bring the mic here. You can wear your pajamas here. But or we can come there.
Oh, we could. But, you know, if I go out there, we could do sushi before the show.
Yes. We haven't done sushi before the show in a hot minute.
That is true. Now you're now you're starting to think of some of the pros.
Yeah, but then that means I would have to like. Rush right home to.
Yeah, well, just we'll talk about we'll talk about. All right. We'll figure it out.
All right. Let's let's figure some things out with the live interactions that are via chat.
If you have anything else you want to add there or you want to get to our mailbag,
participate at Orange Laundry dot com is the place to send us emails.
I'm also going to get to a few of the stories from discord.
So let's get to the mailbag. Participate at Orange Laundry dot com. I think I saw a
couple of emails tonight, right? Yeah, there's a few.
So I'll go ahead and start with the earliest one. Hi, Rob. Enthusiastically rave wave at Rob
regarding No Man's Sky. No Man's Sky is a game I bought at lunch and quickly became bored with.
This isn't because I was dissatisfied with the trailers or the hype of the game,
because I do not buy into the trailers or hype of anything.
Like Flavor Flav said, don't believe the hype. Rather, I became bored with No Man's Sky because
I didn't see the point. There wasn't a narrative to follow in the exploration game, nor was there
an objective for me to follow that I really cared to follow. I just didn't see the point.
So I stopped playing No Man's Sky because I didn't see the you said you didn't see the point.
That's repetitive, dude. I'm reconsidering playing No Man's Sky because I still own it on PS4.
So, Rob, as someone who has played No Man's Sky more than I have and clearly sees
more of a value to the game than I had in my initial playthrough.
Is there a point? Please be as open and broad as you wish. I'm open to being persuaded.
Stay care of entertainment. Well, the number one thing I could
say is that you already bought the game. Why do I need to convince you?
Like you're not going to be spending any money to get in there and play it again.
So I think you already spent there. They already got your money. You might as well get your money's
worth and go check out what they've changed. Like, you know, if this is a conversation on
me trying to convince you to buy the game, then I guess that might be kind of a different thing.
But if you already have it, like I think you're kind of just making up excuses not to play it,
which is fine. I do that all the time. I'm not saying like, oh, how dare you? Please.
I just talked about earlier in the show about, oh, I was playing this thing for like five minutes
and then, oh, got distracted by some outer worlds. I was playing outer worlds for a little bit and
then ended up flipping and going somewhere else. One of these days, I'll get back to outer worlds.
One of these days. But, you know, is there? Yes, they added a better story from what was there in
the beginning, but I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, it's got the depth of something like
Mass Effect. No, but there it is a better tutorial. It is a better like quest that walk
you piece by piece through the game that you don't feel like you're literally lost in space.
Like there is a thread that will help you move things along and, excuse me, excuse me, cough,
and will get you to a point where now you feel empowered enough to be able to explore on your
own. And I think that might, and from what your email is saying, that sounds like it was the
biggest piece that's missing for you is that the original version of No Man's Sky really didn't
give you shit. And now, now it's got, you know, a full compendium built into the game and most
importantly, quests that walk you through every piece of the way. You already own the game,
my friend. Get your money out of it. Do the thing. Do the thing.
All right, next up. What game genre name is most in need of an update or change? This comes from
D. I don't think any of them do. They're all fairly accurate.
No, I know. Walking sim. Walking sim needs to change. Because I think that term originally
was used kind of like in a negative context, like, oh, all you do in these games is you go
around and you walk, you know, when describing things like everybody's gone to the rapture,
dear Esther, whatever, what remains of that's more of a community colloquialism. It's not an
actual genre. Yeah, but I'm worried it's one of those things where it's like Xerox,
you say it so much, it sticks. You know what I mean? Like, if that happens, it happens. It's
just the nature of language. Yeah, I guess, I guess. But I mean, that's the one that comes
to mind. I think the walking sim that I'm seeing kind of out there, I try to kind of,
I love walking sim games, but I think it would be better if they were called something else. Like,
I don't know if we talk like narrative heavy or... That's what they're called. Like, everyone's gone
to the raptures, I think is what called just narrative game. Yeah, I think that's a better
label for it. But that's what it's actually called. The walking sim is more a community
colloquialism for it. All right. It's not actually the genre name. Loki? What about like,
like Mr. Something like that? Because that almost reminds me of like a walking sim, I guess,
unless there's not really puzzles to solve in say, you know, a quote unquote walking sim game.
I don't know. Even something like Gone Home had puzzles in it. I mean, it was a little light.
It was more like adventure puzzler. Yeah. You know, but or I like what Siata Berry says
enhanced visual novel. I mean, that's what some of these are, but they're more considered. I think
the genre is actually called like narrative adventure. Yeah, enhanced visual novel makes
me think of something like Hot Devil Boyfriend or something like that. That's dating sim. Well,
that's Yeah, like, like, that's kind of what I Yeah, so I like an actual visual novel
would be something like, well, I mean, I had like a bunch of visual novel games like co new that
were based off of anime like back in the day, where you just basically follow the story and
little bits of it are animated. But, yeah. Anyway, I mean, that was that was the thing
that popped in my head with the question. So because I mean, I adventure music game,
retro fantasy, RPG, I don't have a problem with any of those. I kind of want to D, I want you to
email us back. How would you answer this question? Because I'm kind of curious. I don't know. I'm
just like, I'm kind of curious. Like, because sometimes I feel like maybe you got this question
from something you want to see different. And so I'm like, curious what that is. So
Oh, hell, Rob. Look at what just happened in chat. Oh, we just hit our point reward goal
for Episode One of OLR with commentary. So we have to figure out a day that's gonna work for that.
Yeah, we just raised 150,000 points. That's the most we've ever had for a reward. Yeah,
Shane was the lucky one to cross the line there. Are you I don't know if you guys are you guys
generally available on Wednesdays? I work until 830. Drat. What night? But
I can make arrangements. Well, because I was going to say June 23rd, which is the actual
birthday of the show, is a Wednesday this year. And I was thinking that would be a good day for
it. But if you were to happen, you make it happen. I will talk offline. I don't don't hold this to
that day yet. Chat, because clearly arrangements have to be made. But that is we're going to aim
around that day if nothing else. Sound good. All right. But it may not be in person because
I'd probably have to just get right off work and hop on. Oh, no, I don't think this has to
be in person. I think we can do it over over Discord or whatever. Yeah. All right. Last email.
Yes. Hello, LR. I was super excited when I heard about Tyto's upcoming mini arcade cabinet based
on the full size egret 2 candy cap. I was also super excited to hear about it mentioned on OLR.
But some of the amazing and coolest things about this mini were not mentioned. So I had no choice
but to enlighten you all as to why this will be the best mini gaming thingy ever. Does it have a
link cable? Why? Why are I'm going to finish reading? Thank you. Of course, we know that
Tyto has a history of filled with amazing classic games, and we've been promised 40 of them in this
thing. Most of the titles have yet to be announced, but already were given kicks, which
I love. Bubble Bobble, Elevator Action, Rustan, and the iconic Space Invaders. Based on that,
I feel like it's already safe to say this will have the best game selection of any mini cab to
date. If you grabbed or simply paid attention to Sega's Astro City mini arcade late last year,
or one of the biggest one of the biggest complaints about it was its widescreen monitor.
None of the classic games use widescreen after all. The new Tyto cab will not cheap out in this
regard. It's coming with an honest to goodness four to three monitor. But the coolest thing
about the screen is that it rotates 90 degrees just like on the full size cabinet. This will
allow you to play all of the included vertically oriented games the way they were meant to be
played without scaling down the graphics to the size of postage stamp. Like the Astro City mini,
Tyto's new cab will be released alongside a full sized arcade stick. The stick is meant to have
to be an exact replica of the original Egret 2 candy cabs control panel. However, there's more.
In addition to that arcade stick, Tyto is also releasing a full sized replica panel containing
both a paddle controller and trackball. Not only does this mean we'll be getting some of Tyto's
greatest games that uses control methods, but also standard USB plug will allow us to use it
with emulators on PC as well. Paddle and trackball controllers are not readily available in plug and
play solutions, so I'm super excited to get this. This is a long email. The paddle and trackball
panel include an SD card with 10 additional games, bringing the total up to 50, including
such classics as Arkanoid, Strike Bowling, and Camel Tree, which is one of my personal favorites.
Strike, uh, sorry, and just in case you missed that, yes, you can add additional games with
SD cards. None of the other mini cabs have this capability. Hopefully there will be
many more card releases. You can switch the joystick between 8-way and 4-way operation.
Instruction cards are included that sit right on top of the cab. Never mind the fact that Tyto
games have some of the best soundtracks before video game soundtracks were even cool. There are
a million reasons to get this. You should probably go to Amazon Japan and pre-order the Everything
bundle right now that includes the mini cab, the paddle, the trackball controller with its bonus
games, a full-size cab, uh, the paddle and trackball controller. Wait, I'm, I'm, I'm a
line back. The full-size joystick, an additional controller, which is far more compact. The
instruction cards, an art book, a collection of soundtrack CDs, and more for the low, low price
of $410 US dollars for shipping. Do it, do it now. Of course, there are smaller packages available
if you don't actually want all those things, but why wouldn't you want all of those things?
Sorry, that was long, a little late for that, but I hope my excitement came across. I can't
wait to play this thing. Yeah, Forza Horizon 5 looks pretty cool too. Have a great week.
Already pre-ordered, Aaron Yyr. Hey, I appreciate the long email with all the details on that
because, um, yeah, you know, I, I knew about like the screen rotating and things like that,
but you know, you really went into some detail there on that. I, 400 might be a bit much,
but then of course you're talking, of course I say that and then in the same breath as like,
but I'll pay it for Tron. So clearly, clearly we all have our faves and we all have those
weak spots and the things that God damn it moment with the wallet and all that stuff.
So, um, this is one of yours and Tron is one of mine, but I think you make a good pitch for it.
If I, if I had that type of extra money on the side, I'd love to pick one up, but I just,
I don't in space, but I just don't see that happening right now, but maybe in the future,
we'll see. All right. Was that it for emails? That was it. That was it for emails. Um, I was
trying to scan. That was a lot of email to read though. It was a lot of emails tonight,
but we hope you'll bring more participate at orange lounge, radio.com. Um, some things from
the Twitter verse that, um, Simpsons arcade one-up was finally officially confirmed, uh,
this week. And, uh, yes, that's happening, but no word on the Tron thing yet. Although I guess we
imagine that will happen, uh, a really cool thing that was posted in our discord. Um,
and if you haven't seen this YouTube, uh, definitely Google on YouTube or, you know,
look it up this 40 new musicians. Welcome back soak into final fantasy 14 or Bobby posted the
link in our discord. And I encourage you to join our discord vog network.com. That's VOG
network.com slash discord. And you can help, uh, get stories to catch our attention throughout the
week and share cool little links like that. Obviously we had that, um, story a couple of
weeks ago with, um, soak in revealing his battle with cancer, um, at the final fantasy 14 virtual
fan fest this year. Um, so that whole, uh, the 40 musicians collaborating to kind of welcome him
back and, and really kind of do a thank you. Um, I think it's really cool. I think this is really
cool. SSJ 100, Matt shared, uh, a hidden 1984 level in Tetris effect. That is a throwback to
the original computer terminal, the electronic a 60, and that's what the Tetris game was made
for originally. And it's got a really cool look to it. Um, I know there's an old, like,
maybe like 91 or something like that level in Tetris effect. That's really cool looking.
This one looks cool too. Like it really looks like an old ass computer terminal,
but Tetris effect in it. And I think that's just another reason to fire up an old game like that
again. That's for sure. Um, and then one other story that I think is just, yeah, just barely
from this week, um, Facebook gaming is trying to lure some folk. Tiger claw shared this one. Oh
no, I shared this one, but what it was a discussion that tiger call, Oh, because tiger
claw had posted the thing about, uh, that you will no longer be able to use Facebook to log into
Twitch. And that started a much longer conversation. And then I had found that story on Kotaku earlier
this week about how, uh, Facebook gaming is apparently going to be giving a hundred percent
of proceeds to their partners, uh, for a couple of years to try to make, uh, the Facebook gaming
revenue share platform a little more, uh, lucrative. And, um, as much as I don't like
Facebook and I, I, I will not go to Facebook gaming, uh, unless a lot changes. I mean,
I guess I shouldn't ever permanently close the door or burn the bridge down completely,
but a lot would have to change. I'm pretty happy here on Twitch, but I think it would be great if
the competition and all that maybe did light a fire to Twitch to maybe increase the revenue
sharing. We get a little bit here because right now it's 50 50. It would be nice if it was a
little bit higher, but I suppose, you know, Twitch as it is, uh, Amazon has questions about the
profitability and all that stuff. So, um, maybe we got to be careful, but I, I dunno, I just feel
like there's gotta be other way. Maybe if Twitch got into some of these things like, um, creating
merchandise, like, you know, right now we use a stream lab store and other companies use other
types of third-party stores to sell merchandise. And it seems a little silly when Twitch is backed
by Amazon that they didn't get on the merch store thing first. I just think there's other ways and
other ideas and things they could come up with, um, for revenue sharing that, um, then they could
give more of a cut of bits and subs, but certainly that Facebook thing is going to give a little added
pressure. Although it should, you know, if you really look at all the, if, then, buts, the
footnotes and everything that really goes with that Facebook deal, it's not going to be like
everybody. It's going to be some people to try to, you know, lure them from the Twitch and all that
stuff. So, um, something to keep in mind, the headline was a little deceiving in that regard
is it doesn't get into all the footnotes, but again, we all know headlines are set up to be
clickbait on where? Facebook. So, all right. Anyway, that's, uh, it for the discord comments
tonight. And so I think that is about going to wrap it up for our show tonight, unless
let me check in with Loki and or Dark Sakura for any last minute stories.
Um, I mean, one of the other announcements that they had, you know, Netflix wise, we, did we talk
about Lance Reddick being, uh, a Wesker? No, we didn't, but, um, yes, that's a great thing to
mention the whole, uh, Resident Evil cast being revealed. Yeah. So that's gonna be pretty awesome.
Awesome. Um, Dark Tetsuya is bringing up, uh, from the arcade one upside of things,
the class of 81 cabinet that was not leaked, but they announced that it's going to be like a Ms.
Pac-Man, uh, and Galaga kind of combined thing. And that's got, but there's, there's much more
to that as well. So it's pretty cool. Oh, thank you, Matt, for reminding me.
Intellivision amico is having a press thing tomorrow, uh, 9 45 in the morning, our time
Pacific, uh, 12 45 Eastern. So that could be interesting because they are launching this
holiday. Um, so we'll get a little more, you know, they've been kind of putting out more and more
details about the games, but I really think we're going to get a sense of what is, what is, what is
this all going to look like this holiday? What are all the games and all that stuff? So, um, we
know a lot, uh, and we know, I think all the free ones at this point, but, uh, we, we can't forget
that Intellivision amico is a thing and that's happening this holiday. So they're going to have
their press thing tomorrow. All right. Anything else? All right. I'm playing with the light on my
mic on the camera. It's weird. Uh, I think we will wrap things up. Thank you guys so much for, uh,
checking out our show tonight, downloading our show and checking out orange launch radio.
Appreciate you guys. If would you, if, excuse me, if you like what you heard here at orange
launch radio, tell a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice, but if the voices aren't here to put out on air, then what are we
going to do? So a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, uh, goes an awful long way as well.
And we always appreciate that type of support. Um, thank you. Thank you so much. Uh, again,
we had a hype train going on earlier tonight. I will acknowledge everybody after the credits here.
Um, but I just want to say thank you. You guys don't have to do that, but you do.
Um, and, and just thanks so much. Even if you're just listening to the show
and you like never email us or tweet us or anything, you're a lurker,
you know what? I appreciate that. You know what? I lurk in a lot of Twitch feeds, so
it's fine. Um, I do too fairly regularly. Well, I lurk and then I see dark soccer
chatting in the side. So I have to go, hi, BB, even though sometimes I feel that's
disrespectful to the streamer. You know, I gotta be careful cause I need to say
hi to the streamer and then say hi to Jamie. You know what? I think that it just happens cause
the community has gotten so close that everyone's going to say hi to everyone. So for sure. That's
true. That's true. All right. Uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night
and wrap it up. Um, Jamie, I will start with you. All right. Well maybe next week we'll find someone
else to raid. Okay. Um, it seems to be a point of contention. Okay. Um, Loki, your final thought
tonight? Uh, my final thought is I'm looking forward to taking a little bit of a break,
at least no more two in the morning Minecrafts. Oh yeah. You, uh, I was like taking a break.
Don't you have a lot of video to edit? No, no. Well, I still have a lot of video to
shoot, so it's, it's not even edit, but it's, it's everything. Yeah. Um, and then my final
thought tonight. Um, I don't know. Um, I, uh, thank you. Alan's in the kitchen, so I will
dedicate my final thought to Alan. Even though he's listening to his, Oh, he gave me a thumbs
up. Thank you for getting me the arcade cabinet and indulging in my stupid, um, addictions to,
uh, these mini cabs and so forth and buy me snacky foods and soda and whatever else you
got at target. So, all right. Excellent. Uh, that's it. A shout out to my husband at the
end of the show. Oh, all right. That's it. We're going to roll credits. We will see you guys next
week. Nintendo Tuesday in television Monday. I'm sure one of those we'll be talking about next
week. No, we'll talk about both and other stuff. I'm sure that comes up throughout the week. It's
still, it's going to be another big show next week. Stay tuned. We'll see you in seven days.
Have a great night, everybody. Good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or bog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
