Orange Lounge Radio
Visual Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Club Nintendo Returns! My Nintendo debuts for many countries next month. Along with rewards, My Nintendo also marks Nintendo's expansion into social and gaming apps for phones and tablets. There's plenty to explain, along with some changes of heart and so much more, and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Tonight, February the 7th of 2016, episode number 630 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, also on Twitter at Skie, joining you in Sacramento, California Studio N7 with my co-hosts. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello and welcome back. You were absent last week. I know you had some other stuff coming up last minute, but we're glad to have you back.
Yeah.
So how you doing?
Alright.
It's been a little while since you've been here because I was sick like two weeks ago.
Yeah, way to go Rob.
I'm sorry, we've been Jamie-less for a little while. I did tell the listeners that even though you missed last week, you were the one host that was good to go two weeks ago. And it was almost the Jamie Summers show for three hours.
Dude, that used to happen.
What would happen on the Jamie Summers show for three hours?
Oh, I know, I know. You said it earlier when you came into the studio that yesterday you were having a bunch of sweet food. Today you're having a bunch of savory food. The three hour Jamie Summers experience would be salty.
So...
You like that?
No, I honestly don't know what the Jamie show would be. It's basically just me going, screw the format. I'm going to talk about, let me explain you a thing. That'll be my show. Let me explain you a thing.
It's hard to do a show by yourself. Our pal Bobby Black Wolf, we are on of course 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern every Sunday night live at the Voicy Geeks Network, voggenetwork.com, immediately after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Our pal Bobby Black Wolf, he does do the solo thing and it's not easy. It's not. He does calls, so at least he has that at the end of the show, but he does a good 40 minutes or so by himself. So it's something that takes time to develop, I'm sure.
See, I miss my music streaming show.
Yeah.
Because then I could just play whatever the weirdness I had in my directory was.
Oh, I miss the day when the legal legalities were much more blurred than they are today.
You know what I could do is I could do nothing but playing turntable.fm and stream it.
Oh my gosh, I miss that site. Turntable.fm was awesome. Did they ever get like a suitable replacement for that site? I don't remember what happened.
I thought it was still going.
No, turntable.fm shut down some time ago.
Oh, that sucks.
Yeah.
Because then they were going through SoundCloud and then things happened and yeah.
Oh well. Anyway, also joining us in studio, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
When OLR was a network, he actually had a show that was like turntables. It was two turntables and a microphone with Loki. So that wasn't the name of the show.
No.
What was it, Friday Night Live?
It was Livewire.
Livewire. Oh, that's it because the Mountain Dew joke.
Yep.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good times. So have you mixed anything lately?
No.
No, DJ Loki's gone.
No, it's just having felt like it.
Sure, I understand. Replaced with an indie game developer, Loki, which he also has.
Which he also hasn't really felt like doing. No, actually, funny enough, this week actually, I was super excited about it on Twitter.
Like, I have been having the hardest time getting Unity 5 to work on my PC. It just, for whatever fucking reason, it would just crash whenever I would try to change the color of a texture or whatever.
Whenever I go to that color picker, just the whole thing crashes. And I can never get it to work.
And it's fucking Windows 8's fault. Like, way back when I had Windows 8, it was that fault because, for whatever reason, that version of Windows I had kept having problems where it would take off file ownership.
So, like, you'd create a file or something and all of a sudden you can't read it, can't write to it because just all the owner properties are gone.
And you just randomly do that with pretty much anything that's being created.
So, apparently, there was a file or a settings file that was hidden deep within the computer for Unity that still had that problem.
I, just out of a whim, I was like, you know, I was gonna install virtual machine to get it installed on there and see if that would work.
And I was like, you know, I should see about actually uninstalling it properly. Let me make sure I'm doing this right.
And it's like, oh, yeah, check in this folder, delete all this stuff. I'm like, I've done that. And I went into this other folder. I'm like, oh, hey, there's stuff still there.
I'm sorry, but this sounds like when I had that Skype debacle a week, like a month ago on the show. Remember that?
Where the missing piece was, I needed Internet Explorer 8. Not 11. I needed Internet Explorer 8 specifically.
There was a file that was sitting in, like, one of the Unity 5 setting things that I went and deleted.
And then it wouldn't delete. I'm like, why is this not deleting? And sure enough, the file was called, like, color setting something something.
I'm like, oh, son of a bitch. And so I deleted it, uninstalled it, reinstalled it. Oh, hey, it works now.
But that's great, though. So now I have Unity 5 working and I can make my game look much better.
And, yeah, all the fun bells and whistles I couldn't access with Unity 4 without Pro.
Alright, we do tape live, of course, at the Voice Geeks Network on Sunday nights, like I said earlier.
But if you are listening live, and thank you, by the way, if you are live tonight. I mean, we love the podcast people as well. Don't get me wrong.
We do the podcast because we love you guys, too. But I know, especially today, there's a little football game going on about a two-hour drive from here that has everybody going crazy.
So thank you, guys, for choosing OLR tonight. I very well realize some of you have OLR in the left ear and, like, the TV on speaker.
So you can kind of do both. Hey, that's okay. If you can multitask, you're still okay by me.
But if you are listening live, join our chat room, live.vognetwork.com. VX JasonXVR, our pal that does the voiceovers here on the show, says,
dubtrack.fm is the standing site of the turntable or plug DJ ilk, though there is no dance floor or user representation.
So, and that, you know, that was part of the best thing about turntable and why I love that site, which I can't believe we're doing, like, the retro thing for something that really was, well, it was only about two or three years ago that was the thing.
But I really discovered a lot of great music through that. And that was even, like, we used to do, like, the post-OLR. We would kind of go on turntable for a little bit.
And, like, you would have five people on the stage and, like, I'd play a song, then Jamie would play a song, then whatever random listener got up there, like, Dark Tetsuya or Misty or something would play a song.
And, yeah, it was just, that was a lot of fun. So I missed that. I understand legally it's probably a bitch, but that was a great music discovery site.
So, anyhow, joining us in studio tonight, welcome back this week, someone else who I think joined us on many of those turntable nights, but is joining us here in studio for yet another bottle of wine.
Say hello to Shane.
I said it early.
How are you? Yes, you did. You're going to town on that wine early, aren't you?
Well, from earlier, too, but no, I haven't, I'm taking this at a decent rate.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I think we had wine here in the studio, and today, Shane was like, I want more, so we need to go to the winery.
It tastes like juice.
What wine?
Yeah, and Dark Sakura just finished her glass, by the way.
Yeah, I'm, like, losing right now, but there's plenty of night left.
Did you have fun at the wineries today?
Yes, I did.
Good times.
And one tasted like Frutopia.
And you said it, right?
And I said that to the wine people, because what are they going to do? Be horrified that I said that? It was a compliment.
I just, I don't know if, do we have any winemakers out there who listen? Would you enjoy having your drink compared to something you could get at McDonald's in the 90s?
Okay, but it was good.
Mmm, this tastes like Dippin' Dots.
Well, that was good, too. So, yeah, you should take that and be proud that I said that, and I didn't say it tasted like a shoe like most wine does.
You just don't like reds. You like whites.
Well, no, they also had that red that was good, too.
Because it was a sweet red. Anyway.
In our chat room, we have Agent Pothead, who says, first time listening live ever for me. Well, you picked a heck of a night to do it. Thank you for being here. Appreciate that.
And anybody else who might be listening to OLR for the very first time.
Shane, I would ask what's new with you, but we just really got all that out of the way last week.
Because nothing happens in the span of a week.
Well, do you want to talk about this new little toy you're playing with right now?
Oh, I finally got my Apple Pencil for my iPad Pro, and it's freaking amazing.
And I don't even want to touch my screen anymore. I'm just going to touch it with the pencil.
You're the only person I know, first off, with an iPad Pro, which is the gigantic one.
It's not even that big after you play with it for a while. Like, I need a Pro Pro now.
But you said something to me. Speaking of gaming and all this stuff, you said something to me earlier today. Like, how much are those things retail? Those Pros? Like $1,000?
The one I got retail normally is like $1,100.
Oh, my God. All right.
But I did not pay that, nor nearly that much.
Okay, all right. We won't get into that.
Exactly.
Okay, so these things are usually about $1,100, but you have one. And you said something earlier that, what was it? DJ Max Technica.
Oh, yeah, Technica. Yeah, what about it?
Like, justified your purchase.
Oh, yeah, because I can't quit playing it. I absolutely love it. It's my Technica iPad. That's all it is.
But now with your pen...
Now it's my drawing slash Technica iPad. But Technica's probably still a little higher on the list.
And I didn't even know you did art for yourself.
Yep. There you go.
Because I would think if you were an art guy, you would have done the album art for your show yourself.
I didn't have anything to even do that with, though, until now.
Gotcha. Well, thank God Cody helped you out, huh?
Yes, and his album art is fantastic.
Quick plug for your show. Since we at least have one person who's listening for the first time tonight. Quick plug for your show.
I don't know how to do that right now because I'm drinking.
You say the name of the show.
Ranger Pride.
And what it's about.
Power Rangers and Super Sentai.
And where they can find it.
On the Internet.
Very good. Very good.
And iTunes.
Just say available, just like on RuPaul's Drag Race, your favorite show.
I will not. That is not my favorite show.
Available on iTunes. Wink. That's how you do it.
That is not something I'm going to say like that.
All right. All right.
Agent Pothead is pointing out, I've been a listener for about six years. Just my first time in chat.
Well, welcome all the same.
That's a heck of a long time to be listening before you do the live thing.
You know what? I actually, I hear that quite a bit from some of the live people.
It's like, you know, I've been listening to this show for years and I just, it just occurred to me you guys are live right now.
And I'm not doing anything for a change on Sunday night.
So, no, we welcome everybody who likes to participate.
So, anyhow, we're going to get into some gaming news for the week, of course.
And there's a lot of it going on, despite, you know, whatever football game's on the TV right now.
But I didn't want to get into a kickoff topic tonight, which, you know, there is a game on TV.
But there's some people that instead of watching the game that's on TV, well, they'll watch the game on TV,
but they want to watch it for the commercials.
And, you know, Super Bowl commercials are pretty legendary.
I'm hearing this year's, I mean, of Twitter, I don't know how much I trust Twitter to be the gauge of everything social in the world.
And especially if they're going to fuck up the timeline order, which I've heard is a thing.
I don't know if that's Opt-In or whatever.
Apparently it's supposed to be Opt-In, but hopefully they don't go the route of Facebook.
But anyway, I digress.
Twitter is, you know, sometimes my gauge, that sort of thing.
And I'm hearing the commercials this year are not that great.
But some of the commercials in the past have been amazing.
For example, the year Betty White did the Snickers ad, I think that kind of put her back into the mainstream.
And let's all be thankful for that, because Betty White should have never really left the mainstream.
And if you saw a movie called Lake Placid where she had amazing cameo, she never left the mainstream.
But anyway, I want to talk about commercials, and specifically a little bit about video game commercials.
Because, say what you will about the commercials that are on during the Super Bowl this year.
But we know that there's a big one for the 20th anniversary of Pokemon.
We already talked about that a little bit on last week's show, I think, because the commercial was already out on the internet.
I don't think we talked about that last week at all.
Did we? I thought we did.
Nope.
We talked about it. I haven't seen it.
You haven't seen it?
That's what I would have said. No, I have not seen it.
You still haven't seen it now?
No, I heard about it. It's got Generation 1 Pokemon and Lucario.
And that's all I heard about it.
Well, it's got this really weird intermix, real life stuff.
It even shows a guy at a football game getting prepped, ready to go out on the field.
And as he walks out, you know how football players will tap the ceiling type thing?
The ceiling says, I want to be the very best.
There's a whole bunch of little Easter eggs in that commercial.
Exactly.
But then the other part is that a lot of the Pokemon that are in it just look like they're fucking real.
Like there's a Pikachu chilling out in somebody's living room that just looks like it's the family cat.
And everybody, of course, is going, this is what Pokemon Go is going to be like with stars in their eyes.
And it's like, no, if you've ever played Ingress, Pokemon Go will be nothing like what you think it's going to be.
Just like the trailers for Ingress, it's like this big epic thing.
It's like, dude, this is going to be so awesome.
You'll be sitting there on my cell phone and saying, no, it's not awesome. There's nothing.
I love Ingress. I've met many amazing people playing Ingress.
It's a great game, but it's nothing like the trailer.
The trailer, it's not any more close to that. People do not do that at all.
I encourage you to watch the Ingress trailer and then watch the Pokemon Go trailer and look at the fast one they're pulling on you.
And again, that's not a slam on Pokemon Go. I can't wait to play it.
I think it's going to be the MMO that everybody's been waiting for.
But anyway, so this Pokemon commercial has been on TV and I know a lot of people are talking about that.
But how about video game commercials in general?
I personally don't see as many of them as I used to.
And that's probably because, well, I don't watch as many TV shows in general.
Or if I do, it's on Netflix, so there are no commercials.
Or I think a lot of people have the power to fast forward commercials.
But I certainly know that video game commercials were a huge part of my youth.
And I want to know from the crew in here, and for those of you in chat,
if you remember any epic video game commercials and how it might have sold you on the game or maybe made you want the game even more.
So, video game commercials. Anybody? Want to start us off, Loki?
Video game commercials? I don't know. I think a lot of the ones for Grand Theft Auto were pretty cool.
Just they set them to music and stuff. Like, I remember San Andreas, you know, that was pretty awesome.
Even Grand Theft Auto 5. But Grand Theft Auto 5, I just watched the trailers like crazy anyways before the game came out.
I can't really think of any 80s commercials or anything for video games that just kind of got me hyped up about them or anything. I don't know.
In chat, Bobby Blackwolf says, I still see Call of Duty commercials and they show review scores from all these tiny sites that gave them great marks.
Which is the exact same thing that happens with movies. And they'll cut things completely out of context and all this other stuff too, right?
Bobby says, we could get into a Call of Duty commercial if VOG wants to give Call of Duty a high rating and submit it to them.
We're not going to sell out like that. If somebody on our staff happens to truly enjoy a Call of Duty game, then so be it.
We'll give it a 10. A 10 out of 1.
You want to be a 10 out of 100?
It would just be like, you know, we'll just reverse the order. 10 higher the number, worse the game is.
10 out of 10. It's okay.
It's a 10th place position.
And he's the one person not drinking wine. Just, you know, Dark Sakura.
Four words. Your vision is our vision.
What was? I don't remember that.
ColecoVision.
Oh! I'm too young for that.
Was that weird baby commercial in the Super Bowl at all?
Like for the Playstation 3, did they start doing that around that time? Or was that way...
So it was ColecoVision for you, Dark Sakura?
I just remember that being the first video game commercial I have a memory of.
Sure.
And it was only 1982, which I think you existed.
I did exist. I'm just giving you crap.
I remember the Atari 2600 kiosks at Thrifty's Payless or whatever.
I think it was just Payless at the time.
The item that Dan and I sat and cleaned up on the kitchen table a few days ago was the same ColecoVision I owned as a kid.
Wow. And it still works?
Still works.
That's amazing.
On top of that, it still had the little technical advice safety sticker on the top of it.
With adhesive that never died or something.
So we actually did save the sticker and put it in the bottom of our Frogger box full of annuals.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
So, we've got pictures of it. I'll post it somewhere.
The one that always comes to mind wasn't necessarily the video game commercial, but it was the Nintendo cereal commercial.
Because Nintendo is for breakfast.
Now, who doesn't remember that song?
Well, it's our age. That's our age.
Okay. I was like, I don't remember.
Did you ever have Nintendo cereal?
I'm pretty sure I did, but I don't remember having a commercial for it.
It wasn't terrible, but it was pure sugar.
It was pure sugar.
It was awful.
That sounds really good.
I ate as a kid was like grape nuts and total.
I hated kid cereals.
I like that.
Except for Rice Krispies.
I didn't like total, but I like Chex.
That's what I like.
Chex is the bomb.
That's why they still make mix out of it.
Don't they still sell Chex?
Yeah, but you take Chex and you just cover it in cinnamon.
Sounds good to me.
And then you add this stuff to it.
Like real cinnamon and not that fake cinnamon crap they put on.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Chex, I was going to say, Chex was cinnamon. Isn't that just Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Because the Cinnamon Toast Crunch was not good or real cinnamon.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch is also not good if you put it in milk.
Nasty, nasty, nasty crap.
Golden Grahams is like crack.
That was awful too.
Instead of Cheerios.
As soon as they eat one, I'm like, I got to consume the entire box.
I am actually one of the crazy people that hates the taste of Cheerios.
I like Honey Nut Cheerios, but not...
The sweetest thing that I liked as a kid was Frosted Mini-Wheats.
Wait a minute.
The kick off topic was supposed to be...
Cereal.
Commercials, not breakfast, cereal.
We can do that another time.
Shane, okay, so you're a whopping five years younger than me.
So what do you remember?
I can't remember any commercials.
Like I'm literally racking my brain.
But they still show them today.
I know, but I don't...
The last time I remember seeing one was during South Park.
I'm sure there's like...
I've seen like Assassin's Creed or Call of Duty commercials.
But I can't think of a single commercial right now that I've seen at all.
I don't know why.
I remember a commercial for Link's...
The Link game that was on Super Nintendo that was...
Link to the Past?
Yeah, Link to the Past.
It was pretty amazing.
I don't know.
I have nothing.
Absolutely nothing for commercials.
I had that when it came out.
Yeah.
No, it was good.
So I just don't think they ever existed at this point, because I can't remember it.
Did you watch TV as a kid?
I feel like I probably did.
What shows were you watching, though?
Because if you were watching like adult shows...
Like adult shows.
Let's say when you were 10.
Power Rangers.
Okay, will you show...
And X-Files.
What?
It's just a funny combination.
Power Rangers and X-Files.
I remember.
That's like two of my favorite shows when I was a kid.
That commercial was lame.
Oh, the Pokemon one?
You just watched it?
Yeah, I just watched it.
Which thing is lame?
Why was it lame?
It's just stupid.
It's just like, oh, I can do that.
I can do that.
And then they're training to be the best, I guess, in whatever crap that they're doing.
And then it's just some random Pokemon shit.
I never got my video game desiring stuff from commercials.
Because I had subscriptions to Nintendo Power and GamePro, so I saw print ads.
And I never really saw TV ads for games.
There were a lot of legendary print ads, though.
I can't even remember those, but I have no idea.
Genesis does what Nintendo does.
That was epic.
I had GamePro, and that was all just one ad.
That was a TV commercial, right?
The Dark Side was just seeing the little jingle over there.
That's how they showed off that Street Fighter Championship Edition was going to be a thing
on Genesis, right?
And having the long-term argument over which version of Samurai Shodown was better.
Which, by the way, was the SNES version.
Alan Alchemy is off work tonight and wanted to make a quick cameo on the show to talk
on this topic.
If you guys mentioned this previously, I apologize.
I'm going to look really stupid.
But who remembers the Legend of Zelda commercial that had nothing to do with Legend of Zelda?
It was a guy in the turtleneck in a maze.
Zelda!
He was like, Octorot!
And he's shouting the names of the monsters, and then they showed a little gameplay footage.
And you had no idea.
It was the weirdest commercial.
You can probably find it on YouTube.
I feel like that commercial came up on the show not even a month ago.
I mean, yes, that was an epic commercial.
But yeah, I think we played it.
Epicly stupid.
It was pretty stupid.
I think we watched it going, what does this actually have to do with the game whatsoever?
Okay, I thought of one for Shane.
Because I know when I was young.
Here's the thing.
Maybe it wasn't video game commercials.
And we'll end on this, and we'll go into our gaming week.
Maybe it wasn't video game commercials.
But it was product placement for video games that was a big seller.
And what I'm talking about is, when I was young, and when Jamie was young,
they had a show on TV called Starcade.
And that's where...
Starcade was great.
Yeah, they would play the actual 80s arcade games.
And GameProTV.
Like Kongo Bongo and shit.
And trying to set the high scores.
But now, five years later, probably when you were younger, around that 10 age,
Nick Arcade was the thing that was on TV.
Now, do you remember seeing stuff on Nick Arcade going, I want to get that?
No.
Really?
No, I didn't.
Well, that was anticlimactic, wasn't it?
You want to know what's great, though, is that I remember on GameProTV,
they had that one kid who was...
It was hosted by J.D. Roth.
No, no, no, no.
Funhaus?
Yeah, who was the Funhaus guy.
But no, J.D. Roth didn't do this one.
He's the producer of The Biggest Loser.
Yeah.
Fun fact. Anyway.
But, well, it was when they showed the Neo Geo.
Ah.
And had the cards and everything.
And I was like, I need this in my life.
And I made it my dream goal as a gamer to own a Neo Geo.
And then when you got an income...
No.
You bought a Neo Geo, right?
When I got with Dan, he had a Neo Geo.
And I knew he was a keeper.
Some women, they want some flowers.
They want a diamond ring.
Dark Sakura wants her man to have a Neo Geo.
I love it.
Well, and I honestly, I kind of put the goal off for a while because I worked at an arcade
and we had all kinds of Neo Geo cabs and everything.
And it were all the games that I wanted to play.
We had a Metal Slug.
We had the widescreen Samurai Shodown 4 and everything.
And I was happy.
And then I moved out here and Dan had a Neo Geo and a Sega CD.
And I was like...
I'm moving in.
Well, and the thing is, when I shipped my stuff ahead of time so that when I...
The day I arrived, actually my big thing of luggage arrived.
And in it was my Super Nintendo and Dan knew I was a keeper.
You know, Nintendo did a great job of advertising kind of by using commercials in a way.
It was like, if you had Nintendo Power, sometimes they would send you video tapes, VCR tapes
of upcoming games.
And I got one for like...
Videos.
I got one for Donkey Kong.
I remember that.
Donkey Kong Country.
I believe I got one for Killer Instinct.
There was one for Killer Instinct.
Yeah.
Because didn't it also come with the Killer Cuts album?
No.
That was when you bought the Super Nintendo game.
Yeah.
Okay.
Which I got mine at Montgomery Wards.
I got several games from there too.
That's right.
My Nintendo came from Sears.
I paid 60 bucks for it.
Back when Sears was a major player in gaming.
And I still have my Killer Cuts.
I got Einhander from Montgomery Wards.
Remember when we were all kids, there was no GameStop.
There was a...
Funkoland was in a magazine.
I remember that.
I didn't have Funkoland.
But that was KB Toys.
Yeah, it was like KB Toys and Toys R Us.
I had Electronics Boutique and software, et cetera.
Remember when we went to the Toys R Us and Chico and they still had the pull caps?
That was so cool.
That was so cool.
Oh my God.
It's like a Toys R Us of the 90s with the pull slip.
Yes.
Babbages.
And our Babbages was, we had a Babbages in the mall and we had a software, et cetera,
that was part of Barnes and Noble, like in the back.
And that was also the first Starbucks I ever went to.
I used to get all my stuff for half price there.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, if I recall correctly, there was a Neo Geo ad comparing itself as
a fully loaded hot dog versus a plain boring one, all the other consoles.
I remember that actually.
I, that is true.
That was a, that was a real thing.
This hot dog costs $500.
This hot dog, not $500.
But the $500 one is fully loaded.
It better be for $500.
All right.
Well, uh, let's see.
NSJ100Matt says Toys R Us and Sears were my local game stores as a kid.
So, um, I used to go to Fry's.
I remember like, uh, Street Fighter II came from a software, et cetera, but that was,
mine came from a pawn shop.
I used to pre-order my games at both software, et cetera, and Electronics Boutique in the
same mall.
And then just like decide later which one I wanted to go to.
Cause I could never remember which one was upstairs or downstairs.
So I was just like, I'll call in and do it over the phone.
Wow.
Yeah.
Wow.
It didn't matter.
It didn't matter.
All right, let's get into our gaming week.
So we've had a fun walk down memory lane, but let's talk about the types of video games
that we have been playing a little more recently, such as this week.
Uh, Dark Sakura, you got a couple of weeks to catch us up on.
How was your gaming week?
It was actually kind of eventful because I was sitting down to play Dragon Age Inquisition
today and I just got this random thing.
I was looking at different mods and decided that, um, these screenshots that someone posted
of Dragon's Dogma actually looked kind of cool.
And so I, you know, it was on sale for that, whatever Steam thing sale they're doing is.
Um, and so I decided that I was going to buy it and I started playing it and it was
actually super, super nice.
And I see Shane's iPad, so I'm going to airdrop him a picture of a Cliccovision.
I had a Cliccovision.
I, um, before I left Kansas, I found it and tried to turn it on and the only game I could
find the scary cat in the hat mix up game that just, I hate so much and it wouldn't
work.
So I was okay.
Well, we also had Tecmo Bowl going on today because Dan wanted to see which team Tecmo
Bowl would pick and they picked the Panthers.
Um, uh, but Dragon's Dogma is pretty neat so far, but it really felt like a knockoff
of Origins at first.
And then, um, it actually got better after character creation.
It, it, the story definitely veered, but I forgot that it was, um, uh, Capcom that was
the, uh, uh, producer.
So I was a little surprised and kind of dismayed with myself for giving Capcom money, but oh
well.
Um, and then, um, I've been playing some more, um, Animal Crossing, Happy Home Designer,
which that game makes me happy in my heart.
Does it make you a home designer in your heart too?
I guess.
A virtual home designer.
You know, I, I, I broke out my, um, amiibo, uh, the, the, the amiibo and, uh, made Cyrus
a home today.
I love Cyrus.
I figured if I do kicks, it's just going to be nothing but like shoes all over the place.
And I'm going to put a big sign in front of his house that says OMG shoes.
Um, uh, Shane sent me a dog.
Yeah.
I, well, you sent me a picture, so I was like, I need to return the favor.
So here's a puppy.
Nice.
We're air dropping here in studio.
Um, I also cleaned out a bunch of games out of my steam library that I'm not playing because
I'm going to be changing out my hard drive in my PC for a terabyte hard drive soon.
And, um, Dan and I are actually going to be doing the full home rig switch over to max
after, uh, income tax comes back in depending, depending cause we also wanted, you know,
actually clean up the game room and do stuff to it.
We're also going to be selling off some of the vault.
You've been threatening to do this for a while.
No, it's starting.
We've actually gone to see how many duplicates of things we have.
Do you know that we own six Nintendos?
Wow.
I think six.
Well, one of them's loaned out.
One of them is the really crappy one.
Two of them are fine decks.
Two of them are in the box and one of them's a top loader.
I love that you have it all detailed that much.
That's what you said.
One of them's the crappy one.
Like it's broken.
Oh, it's broke.
Okay.
Yeah.
This still, it still works cause it's Nintendo.
I mean, um, we also were probably going to be selling off my super Nintendo cause it's,
it's got, it was, it's got the stain on it and we've got, you know, one that's really
pretty.
And then we have, uh, the new style, one of those as well.
Um, so anyone out there interested in buying a piece of the vault, let me know cause I
will give OLR people first crack.
Um, other than that, um, haven't really been, oh yeah.
Heroes of Dragon Age.
This is my, my drug now because I want Cullen and the stupid game won't give, give me, it'll
give me a million reanimated Leandras, but no Cullen.
Although I do now have a King Galister and that makes me happy too because he's precious
King cinnamon roll and now I'm done.
All right.
Let's go over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, my gaming week was pretty much consisted of, uh, Lego Marvel Avengers.
I played through the rest of the mission.
I think it's all story missions now.
I have to go back and check.
Um, but basically the main game, the main portion of that is just the first two Avenger
movies and they have three separate missions that cover the other movies that are kind
of in between Avengers and Avengers two.
So there is Thor Dark World, Captain America, Winter Soldier and Iron Man three, all of
which I've not seen the movies yet for those, but it played through all the levels for me.
Kind of a gist of what kind of happens now on this.
So I finished all those and unlocked a bunch of characters and all that fun stuff.
Still really frustrates me that the cars drive like shit and also that the, um, map
for whatever reason, they got rid of the map and it's this really small radar screen that
they have now that makes it fucking impossible to find anything you're looking for in the
game is super easy.
Like in the old game to kind of eliminate, okay, here's all the different things I've
already unlocked.
Um, you know, I need to figure out which character I'm missing.
Oh, okay.
He's up here in the corner of the screen or something like that.
Now you can't.
You just have to run around randomly to all these colored dots and hopefully one of them
is the same is what you're looking for.
It's just really frustrating the way they decided to do that and for no apparent reason,
because all that they did was like the, the button that was the map before, which was
like the touch pad on the PlayStation four now is a go to space button, which actually
they have that in the pause menu as well.
So it's stupid that they got rid of it.
Uh, that being said, also played, um, what was it?
My son played a little bit of Lego, Marvel, um, superheroes.
So I played a little bit of that as well.
I'm very bored of that game since we've over 200 and like 30 hours into it.
I will play that game with your son because they put Wiccan in it now.
Yes.
Yes.
We have Wiccan already from a Lego vendors, so that's pretty cool.
Um, still disappointed.
Spiderman's not in it though.
Um, they have all the other ones from ultimate Spiderman, but not Spiderman.
And then what else did I play?
I also played ingress.
I'm about 500,000 away from level 11.
So, so just kind of playing it on my compute and commutes and stuff.
And also, you know, on my way to the show today, I knocked down two big fields and stuff.
So did that.
And then what else?
What else did I play?
Um, I know there's something else I played.
I bought some more games, I thought, on the PlayStation four because they were having
some sales and everything.
So I want to say I was playing one of those, but yeah, apparently it was so awesome that
I completely forgot about it.
So I think maybe some follow up.
That's it.
I did disconnect myself from the internet though, because they're going to patch out
one of the glitches I've been using and I don't want that to happen.
Like, no.
All right.
Um, my gaming week was, um, pretty, uh, I really only played Diablo three.
I've been playing a lot of Diablo three seasons and I'm sure this made up the bulk of Shane's
week as well.
Uh, but it's kind of like a thing like now, like, cause Diablo three, I feel like spoilers
for my week.
Well, I feel like we've played a lot.
Like last night we played a ton and then like there was another day this week we played
some, but it's like me, you, our friend Dom, and then Alan will all play online.
So it's like a perfect, like a little four player set up and we're all different classes
in the season.
So, uh, that's been kind of fun to progress in the rifts and all that.
So I'm having a great time with Diablo three.
I, a little, I still been dabbling a little bit in fall of SE 14.
I did sign on enough to do the holiday event cause they have the Valentine's, but they
call it Valentine or something.
They call it something different in the game.
Um, and I did that event real quick just to do that.
Uh, I'm more kind of waiting for the content patch though, which I think is while I'm at
magfest is when, or like right when I get back, it was in that content patch comes out.
So, um, there's that to look forward to.
Otherwise I, I honestly didn't play a lot of stuff.
I'm sorry guys.
A little bit of fall of SE explorers, but, um, I, I kind of slacked off on gaming this
week.
Uh, Shane, how was your gaming week?
Um, so I played a little bit of Diablo.
I didn't, I don't think it's as much as you are kind of exclaiming, but mostly I played
more than you because Alan and I will play without you and without Dom.
So there, there is more that I played a bit of explorers.
Explorers still really love that game.
Mostly, mostly DJ Max Technica on my iPad.
Like I can't get enough of it.
It's so good.
I wish they would update it, but it hasn't been updated in over a year, but I want more
songs even though like technically I think it has like a hundred, but you have to pay
for them.
So I'm not going to get most of them, but it's really fun.
I love it.
I also, um, got a fan translation for the second Ace Attorney Investigations game.
And so I started playing that cause I love the Ace Attorney games, but I didn't even
make it past like the first examining stage before I was like, I'm too tired to keep playing.
It's a lot of reading, but it's good.
I like, I like the music a lot.
So, um, that's all the games I played.
Technica, some Cytus.
That's it.
All right.
Uh, before we get into tonight's gaming news, I want to just do some quick housekeeping.
Uh, we will be here live next week in seven days, but we will not be here live in two
weeks.
That is because I'm going to be in the Washington DC area at MagFest.
I'm very excited to be there.
Um, OLR and VOG Network, we're not really doing anything in an official capacity.
We're just going because honestly, um, a lot of our listeners have been saying you should
go.
And, um, after last year when I, I wasn't really, I'm in all honesty and transparency,
I wasn't really feeling PAX East and I'm sorry to all the fans there.
And, and I know there's some great people that still go and so forth, but I just, I
wasn't feeling it quite the same way and I wanted to try some different shows.
So, um, a lot of folks were like, you should try MagFest.
So I said, okay, so we're going to do MagFest this year.
So I'm really excited to go and check that out.
Um, so I will be there in two weeks.
So that is very exciting.
Bobby Blackwell from the Voice of Geeks Network also going to be there.
I know some of our listeners are coming as well.
Um, and, uh, my buddy who is on the Koopa Club podcast is going to be there.
So, uh, I'm sure there will be no shortage.
I saw some podcast panel.
We have nothing to do with it, but there was some gaming podcast and I apologize.
I forget the name of the moment of who you were, but, um, there, there's, there will
be no shortage of podcasters I'm sure at, uh, MagFest.
So I'm looking forward to having a very good time there.
Uh, stay tuned to our forums for more information on any, uh, potential meetup at the show.
Uh, we're hoping to do like an unofficial type of meetup there, but I'll be really easy
to find.
Just, uh, look for like, look, look for a Tron machine.
Uh, look for Dig Dug cause I'm really, you know, I play that and I'm, I like that game
a lot.
Uh, or look for, um, like a classic Star Wars.
If they have like one of those Star Wars caps, especially if you can sit in it, like they
have at, um, California Extreme, I will definitely be playing that.
So, all right.
Uh, so I'm excited about MagFest.
SSG100Matt says, I'm getting really hyped for MagFest.
I mentally packed this week.
Hey, when I saw that schedule come out and I saw that they are actually screening a Clue
VCR game documentary, that's when my hype began because that, that was like my childhood
right there.
That's, that's why I didn't see commercials cause I was watching that damn Clue VCR game
and that's in addition to the movie from 85, like over and over and over again on my beta.
Um, anyway, so, uh, another big, uh, thing to mention here on OLR, we mentioned this
on Bobby's show before we started tonight, but I think it's appropriate to mention here
too.
Uh, this affects the voice of geeks network, uh, in seven days.
So next Sunday at six o'clock right in between Bobby's show and our show, we're going to
be doing a special, uh, quick little state of the station update where we are going to
be announcing not one new show, not two new shows, three new shows joining the voice of
geeks network, uh, effective next week.
And you'll get to hear a preview of at least one of them, if not more right after OLR next
week.
Um, so I'm very excited about that.
We're going to be making that announcement, um, next week.
So stay tuned.
Uh, meanwhile, we're going to get into some gaming news.
I think it's that time.
Let's talk about what happened to video games this week, much more than football, right
Loki?
Uh, yes.
So there's a rumor.
Well, I should say there's always a rumor about this, but hopefully a little bit more
to it, uh, that Nintendo is going to be finally localizing mother three.
And this is coming from Emily Rogers, um, who is, I guess, a Nintendo focused writer
who's made different predictions in the past.
It basically has a source that has come forward, adding, um, some more evidence to this, basically
saying that, you know, the 10th anniversary of the game, um, on, since it's launching
Game Boy Advance in Japan is coming up soon.
And they're saying that it's probably going to be released as like a virtual console game.
So that'd be interesting.
Well, it took them long enough.
Jesus.
Um, it's about to, I hope, I hope this is true.
Um, it makes a lot of sense though.
Um, I can't, okay.
Again, I can't imagine the virtual console thing really costs him a lot of money.
Um, especially that they could just take the ROM from Europe and put it out here.
I mean, yes, I know that there was different, actually, no, cause it was a handheld game.
I don't think the resolutions would have been any different.
I know for some older games, you have different resolutions on that games.
You literally, well, Game Boy Advance is a region free.
I think you can just pop one in.
So, there's no reason why this game shouldn't make a virtual console.
I don't know if they did.
They actually have a ROM though in Europe for that.
It was released in Europe.
Yeah.
I don't think it was it.
I'm, I'm almost positive.
It was three.
No, you're up.
Didn't get it.
I know nobody's got happen.
Yeah.
They had a, an English translated one already in Europe.
I don't think people would give a shit because they would just be importing that.
But this is, no, they don't have an English version of this aside from the one that has
been fan made.
Well, but it's not, okay, so clearly I'm crazy, which is fine.
But, um, the, it's not completely crazy that they would have like a prototype that they
could just like finish up with minimal resources because that's what happened to Earthbound
Zero.
And my assumption is they made a good chunk of change from Earthbound Zero, um, or Mother
One as the case may be that they were, uh, able to justify doing this.
Now it'll be interesting to see what they sell it as.
Are they going to put it out as Earthbound Two and really confuse people?
Are they just going to put it out as Earthbound Lucas's story or something?
Earthbound The Final.
Earthbound The Final.
I don't know.
Call it Mother Three or Earthbound Mother Three or something like that.
Yeah, maybe Earthbound Mother.
I don't know.
We don't know what it really was called.
Yeah.
Now it's kind of like it's square eventually.
Yeah.
With, you know, Final Fantasy.
Exactly.
Square eventually kind of said, all right, we, everybody knows what's going on, but there
still is a part of me that will call Final Fantasy Four, I guess.
I will still call it Final Fantasy Two, but when I am specific, specifically speaking
about the US version, which was kind of different, it was dumbed down, right?
I can't think of it that way because I've spent a lot of time playing the Japanese Two
and Three.
Yeah, I know.
And I love Three with the job system in it and everything.
I know.
I usually mention what system, like if I'm saying Final Fantasy Two on the Game Boy Advance,
that's one game.
But if I say Final Fantasy Two on the Super Nintendo, that's another.
He goes, I don't know.
That's just how I tend to label things.
I've never played any of the Earthbound games, so.
They're good.
I mean, as far as RPGs go, I mean, you might have a hard-
Be the game with prayer.
You might have a hard time going back now, like, and this happens a lot with retro games,
right?
You kind of go back and you're like, what did I really see in this as a kid?
Well, one of two things can happen.
You can kind of have that approach.
Or sometimes you really, like when I go back and play an old Mario game, like especially
like Mario Two, I'm right back to being, you know, ten years old.
Yeah, like I think like when you go back and play like Final Fantasy, like the Super Nintendo
games, they still hold up for me, but like going back and playing Final Fantasy Seven,
I was like, uh.
Yeah.
It's a little rough.
It's a little rough.
This isn't quite as good as I remembered it.
That shit was, uh, that was like cutting edge at the time.
Like, yeah, I was like super hyped about it because I love, like before that was, you
know, Final Fantasy Three.
I was like, dude, all this is so awesome.
And then even still, I kind of remember how I felt playing it for the first time.
It was just super, like, I love that whole just kind of, you know, futuristic tech and
kind of that fantasy world type setting.
I really liked that about six and seven had that all over the place.
And so I was really hyped up about that.
All right.
Well, moving on to where, where this could possibly be announced.
I mean, Earthbound Zero was an E3 thing last year, so why not Mother 3 for E3?
If not sooner, maybe they'll do a direct.
I mean, June is a long time to wait after all, and June will probably be dominated with
NX conversation.
But anyhow, let's talk about Bethesda and what they are planning for E3.
You might remember last year, Bethesda actually cut into our show and we, like for the first
time ever, we had to be like, all right, well, we know how it really goes.
I mean, as far as gamers go, a press conference is bigger than the Super Bowl, right?
Some people even call E3 the Super Bowl for gamers, right?
So whereas I think there's plenty of you that will listen to this show as opposed to the
Super Bowl, I don't know if there's people that are willing to miss press conferences
to listen to this show.
Although I know there's a few of you that would say I would.
Depends if it's that PC gaming centric one from last year.
Yes, I'm willing to miss that for the show because that was really lame last year.
Yeah, but who knows?
Maybe this will be the Skyrim HD year or I was hoping it would be the, you know, the
Half-Life 3 here.
But no, no, no, no.
Or it'll be a new Elder Scrolls one these days.
Gaben's going to be on the stage and everyone's going to lose their shit.
It's going to be rolled down as life support Iron Lung, but it goes half life and die.
But here's the thing.
Bethesda, it is confirmed it is happening again this year.
And it is on Sunday and it's going to be seven o'clock the same time.
The save the dates went out and they did have the characters from Skyrim, Doom, Dishonored
all showing up there.
So I'm sure Dishonored 2 is a part of, you know, what they're going to be talking about.
Skyrim HD! Skyrim HD!
Maybe Fallout DLC, wherever that is at that point.
We'll probably hear more about that.
What's interesting though is that this year they're not going to be the first because
as you remember us talking about last week with the whole E3 has just decided to literally
do their own thing.
They're not going to participate in E3.
Instead they're going to be across the street and they're going to do their own conference.
Well, I mean, they always did their own conference, but now they have to fire the first shot because
their thing is opening a day earlier.
So they're going to go Sunday at 4 Eastern.
So they're not even going to be first.
Sorry, EA is going to be first.
Bethesda will not be.
So when's Bethesda 7 PM?
I believe Pacific.
Alright.
Yeah.
So there's a big gap between them, but still.
You know, now E3 has spilled into Sunday because you're going to have those guys on Sunday.
Presumably you're going to have Microsoft and Sony again on Monday.
And then you'll have Nintendo Tuesday morning, unless now that there's a gap with EA,
somebody may fill in that gap.
I don't know if that will be Nintendo.
It's going to be Konami.
They're going to have so many things to not talk about.
Could be Square Enix.
Remember Square Enix did their own thing last year, but it was kind of a, it was a direct like Nintendo.
And I should say, even though I'm saying Nintendo conference, we all know they switched to the direct style.
Although, I mean, if a console is showing up, this might be the year to go back to the old school way.
I don't think a direct is necessarily a given.
We'll see.
I think a direct would still be nicer just in general.
Nintendo's directs are always really straight to the point.
And you can't have, you know, errors that happen on stage.
Like when they were trying to target with Link and the Wii remote for Skyward Sword.
They can cut all that out and just show what they want to show.
Yeah.
Not worry about that stuff.
But you know, it does, it does lose a little something.
I mean, I, you know, and I.
Well, it'd be on the show floor.
So why do we need to show it in front of an audience in an auditorium when people can just go see it on the floor?
Why do people go to see artists live when you can listen to the CD?
No, no, no.
That's what I wondered to myself.
Because going to.
I understand what you're saying, Shane.
He's basically saying that, you know, why bother just demonstrating it live in front of an audience when.
When that same audience would be on the floor.
Yeah, they're going to be seeing it live anyway.
Do it there.
There's something about it.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not saying I'm like anti direct or anything.
I'm not.
No, there is something about like losing out on that essence of Nintendo.
Like when they're demonstrating Wii music and having a guy drum.
But you guys are fixating on their shittier years.
No, no, no.
No, I remember the year they opened.
That was the year I met Koji Kondo and that was great.
Remember the year they opened with the Zelda Symphony and all that.
I mean, like I was.
Reaction from the audience.
I was.
Wasn't that the year I was actually at their press conference?
That was the Wii U demo on the screens and stuff.
And then you could go play it on the show floor.
I still think even being at a good Nintendo press conference that getting all the good
information out in a direct is better than having an auditorium full of people who in
like 10 minutes after that thing ends are just going to go play it anyway.
So it makes no sense to me.
All right.
Well, that's the 100 Matt with a good tinfoil hat theory in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
You have to think Square Enix is doing something unannounced with Nintendo.
They seem to be buddy-buddy lately.
Oh, remember those rumors from about a month ago that Nintendo is in bed with some particular
company for NX and through the process of elimination.
It seems like Square Enix is a very likely candidate for Nintendo to be in bed with.
Although we don't know.
It could be nothing.
We'll see.
It could be Sega.
Maybe Phantasy Star Online 2 will be on the NX.
Maybe that's what they've been waiting for this whole time.
Maybe not.
All right.
Anyhow, we'll see what happens as the other pieces fall into place.
I imagine we're going to hear more save the dates in the coming days.
As far as this show, I don't know what we're going to do yet.
So don't ask because I'm saying save the date like it's going to be a wedding.
I know.
Right.
I don't know.
I think it wasn't Shane.
Last I checked, Shane was going to try to convince me to go to the EA thing to play
Mass Effect.
Oh yeah, because I want to go play Mass Effect.
I wouldn't go to that.
See, two people will convince you.
Have fun.
I can't take all that time off work.
That's my problem.
It's like two days because we don't have to go every day.
Do you just want to just drive down there and hang out at EA and come back?
Yeah.
That is exactly what I would like to do.
Have a great date.
With a stop at Disneyland and then come back.
Take pictures.
As long as I still have time for Power Morphicon, yes.
Alright, priorities.
Priorities.
Well, those tickets are already gone.
I have a priority.
Alright.
What is your priority, Darcyra?
My priority is...
Disneyland?
Yeah, actually.
Tea cups?
You know, I took a video just for you.
Shedding a single tear at the former site of Bucket of Meat?
I actually did cry a little bit into my stolen bucket.
Aw, had you been drinking, though?
No.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andrade with VoGnetwork.com,
use the passphrase, sing.
Alright, moving on.
Next story, Darcyra.
Okay.
So, I know that you talked about the Fine Brothers last week.
Yeah, we talked a little bit about this, but...
About the whole trademarking the React thing.
And actually, Dan and I watched their response video about that.
It was pretty...
I didn't see it.
I only heard about it.
But the response hadn't happened last week, because it wasn't just that.
We talked about another trademark thing that was going on.
I don't know if it was the Sony Let's Play thing.
Yeah, it was.
Yeah, so...
Which has already been determined that it couldn't be trademarked.
Yeah, it was that.
It's, yeah, so it's like something in the common vernacular, so...
Well, anyway, so the Fine Brothers, they had a lot of backlash.
They lost like a million subscribers.
Wow.
And tons of dislikes on videos related to that whole thing.
And so they finally, I guess, realizing that people do not like this course of action,
no matter what they may think of it, decided to go back on it and say that they weren't
gonna do it.
In fact, they released a statement saying...
I'm just gonna read this.
We realized we built a system that could easily be used for wrong.
We are fixing that.
The reality that trademarks like these could be used to theoretically give companies the
power to police and control online video is a valid concern.
And though we can assert our intentions are pure, there's no way to prove them.
So, yeah, they pulled it back.
They are actually going to rescind the trademark filing, discontinue the licensing and tools
plan, which they were calling the React World program, and release all past content ID claims
on YouTube.
Can I say something about this that might be a little bit unexpected and maybe, I guess,
a little tinfoil haddish, but maybe like a moral of this story, perhaps?
Because I kind of feel like...
And I could be wrong.
And I realized I was critical of this whole thing last week, as we all were.
But kind of hearing about this and thinking about how did we get from point A to B and
all that, do I really think the Fine brothers themselves, those two guys that do this whole
thing, do I think that this was actually their idea?
I kind of don't think it was.
And so I think the moral of the story is you need to watch the people that represent you.
And I think this goes true for a lot of people that are looking at developing indie games
and trying to get that out there and hooking up with publishers and all this stuff.
I think you really need to watch the people that represent you because I have this weird
feeling that the lawyers for the Fine brothers, I mean, they probably had to sign off on it.
They probably like, uh-huh, yeah, good idea.
But I had this weird feeling that somebody planted the seed in their head that they just
kind of went along with.
I'm not trying to absolve them of guilt or whatever, any of the fallout.
I'm just trying to say I had this feeling this was not their idea, but they're the ones
on video now having to apologize for it.
Does that make sense?
I don't think it was.
I think that it's something that they had to have had quite a bit of a hand in, even
if it wasn't their idea to begin with.
It just seems like it's too common an occurrence trying to...
Sure.
...trademark things on.
Yeah, I'm not absolving them of all guilt, but I'm just saying, like, you know, maybe
if somebody different was directing them, this wouldn't have happened.
Does that make sense?
I mean, if they were trying to do trademarks for, like, elders react to as their statement
or kids react to as their statement, you know, the actual phrase.
Right.
Narrow to YouTube usage or whatever.
That can be branding right there.
And then in that case, it would be protecting their brand.
However, just the word react, it's like just the word crush, you know.
Or saga.
Or saga or candy.
I think it would be very hard to trademark candy.
I think Hershey's and Mars, I think Cadbury, they'd all have some problems with that.
You mean all of this...
Willy Wonka would fuck you up if you tried to trademark candy.
Well, that's okay, because Nestle is evil anyway.
I forgot.
I didn't know those two companies were connected.
No, it's Nestle, Mars.
There's a few other companies that participate in using underage child labor.
And you have to be careful who is representing you.
Because, again, these are probably suppliers that they have no idea.
They don't know how the sausage is made.
Nestle knows.
Oh, that's too bad.
Yeah, the people who say that water isn't a right, it's a marketable thing.
On the contrary, though, I think they're fully to blame.
I'm sorry.
There's nothing that was all...
And here's why.
Just the way they've reacted to other people doing similar react-type videos, not even calling it that.
And they're fucking like coming out saying, oh, everybody better gang up against these guys,
because they didn't even ask our permission to do this sort of thing.
Fuck them, seriously.
This entire thing just...
They had content claims on them.
Well, I'm talking about like Ellen and fucking Jimmy Kimmel do similar type of things.
And he's having like...
They go out on their social media pages and tell everybody to go let them know how dare they use it without our permission.
But the two of them are sitting there filing all these content claims?
That's my whole thing.
No, they're not filing those content claims.
Their company that they work for or whatever is...
Or they have people that go out and file those type of claims.
But it's their intent.
They thought what they were doing was actually helping everybody.
They thought that this was the greatest thing for these people to get a piece of this react market
and get a piece of their content, because damn, look at what they're doing to the internet.
I mean, that's why they came out with a fucking video that said, in 100 years from now,
people are going to look at this and they're going to be like, whoa, what did people think about this?
And they'll be able to find out because of these react videos.
They literally thought that.
They thought that they were such hot shit with this.
So that's why they thought that, well, why is everybody reacting this way to this?
What the hell? We're doing you guys a favor.
To be fair, they probably only show you extremes.
Whereas the majority of people probably don't react in such an extreme manner.
When you edit it down to a 10-minute video, it's any reality TV.
You show the extremes.
You show all the fights that happen on Survivor.
You don't show the boring stuff about day-to-day surviving. Does that make sense?
Sometimes they do on Survivor.
Do they actually show somebody pooping in the woods?
Because I would think that would be kind of boring.
More interesting if someone didn't survive on that show.
There's lots of downtime they show on that show.
You should watch Survivor again. You would know.
I know. It's been a while. I'm waiting to be honest.
I'm sorry. And here's the thing, too, about it, too.
They went ahead and rescinded all these things.
Not to say that the next time they go to attempt this,
they just won't tell anybody that they're doing it beforehand.
All right. A couple more comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SS 2100 Matt says, Blaming in on lawyers would certainly attempt to fix their image.
Still, though, trademark filing is a douchebag move all around.
Dark Tetsuya brings up the whole Tim Langdell had a little trouble getting edge,
although things may be different now.
That was another one along that whole saga and all that stuff.
Dungeon Buster says, It sounds like the Fine Brothers were given bad advice.
If they didn't make such a huge announcement,
they probably would have gotten the mark without anyone knowing
because they had already gotten a few.
Then it would have been harder to challenge the mark if it were given.
That's another interesting perspective on
maybe if the people who were represented them had been a little smoother,
they could have been absolutely evil.
I would have gotten away with it, too, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids.
I also consider that trademark filing is public.
So anyone can find that information.
And SS 2100 Matt points out, fact of the matter is that trademark laws suck and need to be changed.
That is probably also true.
But the public part is important.
All right, let's move on.
We have plenty more to cover about games.
Loki.
All right, so speaking of kind of douchebaggery,
22Cans, they have decided to finally remove microtransactions from Godus Wars.
And I guess this is launched as a single player version of Godus on Steam Early Access.
And I guess because of that, you had to actually pay for microtransactions for different things.
Like, for example, there's a $4.99 microtransaction to add a whole new continent with 40 missions to the game.
And it's just, I don't know, people didn't like it.
Well, I think it's mainly because the game was early access also.
Because of that, though, they have decided to remove the microtransactions.
And they're going to have the extra content that you would normally pay $4.99 for as free.
So basically it said, in the meantime, it's been brought to our attention that the extra content being premium add-on isn't really a popular choice.
While we think it does represent good value, especially considering that Godus Wars has been delivered as a free update to hundreds of thousands of users.
And the lower price of the main game, we understand the previous Godus owner's frustration with this.
Yeah, trying to nickel and dime your earliest adopters may not always be the best idea.
DungeonBuster bringing up an interesting point.
I think you were talking about this a little bit before the show, Loki.
It's interesting to note that with Godus included in Godus Wars, they're retiring the store page for Godus and essentially wiping the negative reviews that were there.
And I really think it's pronounced Godus, but I always think of the showgirls.
Well, and you pronounce a lot of things wrong, so it's okay.
I do. So why not? I'll just stick with Godus.
But I think it's supposed to be God, us.
You should ask PewDiePie what he thinks about Godus.
Shut up.
Anyway, I just like emphasizing the die in his name. Is there anything so wrong with that?
You just can't read. I need to hold up a sign.
Cat. Cat. Cat. Cat.
Not enough spit is coming out of your mouth right now.
And I'm reenacting a scene from Strangers with Candy. If anybody thinks I'm being insensitive, it's actually that show that's insensitive.
Oh, it's so good.
It's so good. Alright, anyway.
There's something that needs to come back.
Yeah.
I think Stephen Colbert might be a little busy now.
I don't care.
He's gonna get cancelled soon enough.
He's not gonna get cancelled. Don't say that.
Not doing well.
If you put it as a sketch on your show, it's perfectly fine.
Mr. Jelly Nick and Jerry were on an episode of that not great show, Difficult People.
Oh, that Hulu one that I never finished.
Yeah, I don't like that show.
I watched like half of it.
Didn't you like it?
You were trying to tell me it was good.
Like the first episode was good and then the rest of it was not.
I tried. I really tried to like it, but I couldn't.
It's just not great.
I couldn't deal with, and this isn't video game, but let's be real. It's probably more interesting than Godus.
Godus.
Now I'm going to say it wrong on purpose.
This made me think of goat.
It's spelled like POTUS, so it's go to.
I know this is a bad tangent.
No, because if it had a T in it, it would be go to us.
All right. I've been drinking and I'm trying to say something, so I'm going to get real belligerent here.
You have something to say?
I got something to say.
Girl, say it.
Now I forgot what I was going to say.
You're dumb and drunk.
Hey, Shane. Hey, Shane.
Yeah.
Do you remember that party like back, back, back in the day when-
The dunk.
The dunk thing.
Yeah.
We were trying to say drunk and nothing but dunk would happen, so dunk means drunk.
Oh, I was going to tell you why I didn't like Difficult People.
Because although the plot lines would be kind of funny and-
I don't get any of the jokes.
What's Her Name That Played Precious was hilarious in that show.
Yeah, she was really good in that.
And it was great to see her in there.
And I like the two actors that are in it. They're funny. What's his name? Billy-
Billy Eichner.
He's funny. But the thing is, they would just be talking and there would be this random obscure-
It was like the Family Guy, but instead of a cutaway that's funny and animated, it would be this random obscure pop culture reference.
Yeah, I understood the Family Guy references more even if they didn't show me the clips.
But Difficult People is like, what? I just don't understand anything.
Yeah.
Dark Tetsuya is saying, has Rob been hitting the wine again?
Yeah, did you miss the- Dark Tetsuya, did you miss the beginning of the show? Were you tardy tonight?
Yes. Shane only shows up to the show now when he hears that wine is involved.
So if you hear Shane's voice, there's probably a bottle of wine open somewhere.
And yes, we're having the same wine that we had last week because Shane is incapable of trying new things.
Yep. It's true.
Why do you think I have had Taco Bells for so many years?
Bobby Blackwolf says, the creator of the GIF format- I'm not going to say it the other way.
So again, you're saying it wrong.
Wants to know why you suddenly care about proper pronunciation.
Well, when you start saying giraffics, I'll start saying GIF.
What's a giraffic?
Exactly.
No, is that like giraffics?
Are you saying giraffics wrong?
That's how they draw the dinosaurs in Jurassic Park.
It's just like when you pronounce, you don't pronounce it guy-ant, you pronounce it giant because it's GI.
But English is a stupid language, period.
But it stands for graphic interface.
Thank you! GIF. It's GIF. It's one letter short of a GIF.
It's fucking grammar. Learn to speak your own language.
Moving on. Next story. God, this shows a hot mess. Oh, it's my turn. I got to do the next story.
Hot mess.
Let's talk about Nintendo.
Of course, I'm over here looking to see who the what lady is.
Why don't we just call them just GIFs then, because it's just a fucking acronym anyways.
It doesn't fucking matter how we pronounce it.
No, because then like ABC will come and be like, you know, we had TGIF, so you can't have GIF.
That's what they used to have.
Oh my god, they found the what lady.
Did she die?
No, no, there's a picture of her right here.
It's the what lady with her granddaughter.
Is that really the what lady?
That's the what lady.
Can we force that in chat?
Sure.
I think this is a...
It's the what lady.
It is her.
And if someone made a meme out of that picture that says what lady is not amused.
Is this from Reddit or something?
Yeah, Bee found her.
Of course they did.
All right, can we move on?
Nintendo!
It's for breakfast!
I remember the fruit snacks commercials, but that's only because of Power Fest.
I'm disabling everybody's mics.
Do you know what's funny is that I've got to like leave in 45 minutes.
No, I don't.
My Nintendo is going to be kicking off next month in 39 countries.
Let me name them all for you right now, starting off with the United States, Canada.
I don't know the rest.
It's 39 countries.
You can't read again apparently.
It's not listed.
I'm just guessing those are two of the countries.
Australia?
I can guess.
Anyway, Nintendo's first goal for the program is to get at least 100 million people registered.
That's a lot of people.
Isn't that like a tenth of Facebook?
How many people are on Facebook?
A lot.
My Nintendo is going to have a points program, coupons for downloads, emails.
I bet you can't wait for all those sweet emails you're going to get from my Nintendo.
I get a lot from the Japanese.
Can I send emails to other people?
Can I get Princess Peach to send Shane an email that says,
you a bitch, sign Princess Peach.
I don't think that's going to work.
Because that I will pay points for.
I don't want your goddamn emails, Nintendo.
All right, digital content and more.
Platinum points get original goods.
Gold points get coupons.
So there you go.
Whoo, coupons.
Hey, you know what?
Considering Nintendo games never go on sale, although there is an eShop sale,
but it's like January, right?
But it's usually not the games you want.
Yeah, and it's not the games you want either.
It's not much of a sale.
1% discount.
All right, so hey, I'll take it.
It's something.
So there is that coming.
I noticed, though, physical goods kind of went away in that whole thing.
Not sure what that's all about.
But anyway, I'll still sign up for it because, I mean,
say what you will about Nintendo, but their games are so fucking good,
I'm going to buy them anyway.
Mario Kart 9, sign me up.
Zelda Wii U, I'll get that.
Whatever Mario stars in.
Mario saves this world.
I'm down with that too.
So whatever.
You're making a face, Shane.
Why are you making a face?
I have all these things to say, but not on this show.
Because it doesn't matter for the show.
What kinds of things?
There's like breaking Super Sentai news that's freaking me out right now that I love.
Well, nothing else has been on topic.
Is the ship real?
You want to blurt it out?
Did Chylee finally get married?
No, no, no.
That's Power Rangers.
This is Super Sentai.
Oh.
So the new one that's coming out.
That's the one Spike watches.
You watch Power Rangers.
No, I watch Super Sentai too.
Oh, okay.
Only when it's a good season, I think.
I got it.
But the one that's coming out with all the animals and Minecraft looking stuff,
they just leaked the sixth ranger.
And for one thing, he's not named, you know, it's Red Ranger or stuff like that.
In this one, it's called Jew-o-ger.
So it's like Jew-o-shark is the blue one.
Did you say his name is Jew Shark?
Jew-o-ger.
Yes.
Okay.
I was going to say, that might be insensitive.
But this one's called Jew-o-the-world.
I don't know why that's just the name of the guy, but he's so cool looking,
and I want all his toys now.
Like all of his toys.
Jew-o-the-world?
That's Dark Sakura.
She just wanted it to be so hard.
Well, maybe if you hold your microphone up to your eyes,
they can hear your eye roll right now because it's pretty much like the loudest thing in this room.
He has three different colors.
He has three different animals.
He has three different helmets.
I am excited.
And three new shows coming to VOG next week.
Does he wear all the three helmets at the same time?
Yes, he actually does.
He just slides different pieces.
Is it like the manticore ranger?
No, it's alligator rhino wolf.
Man bear pig?
They really are under the mask.
It's another mask.
It just keeps sliding up like that.
Back to video games.
Oh my gosh, I'm so excited right now.
I'll give you this.
At least the Super Sentai has the Minecraft-y tie-in.
I just, because of how excited I am,
I just went to this import site and put the megazords that they have coming out in my cart to get later.
How much money in the past 12 months have you spent on Power Rangers toys?
I don't know.
70,000.
You don't even make that much money.
Come on.
I don't know.
Oh, it's just Power Ranger toys.
Oh, it's so hot in here.
Dark Sakura, you want to get to another story?
I guess.
Well, we have a reunion of sorts with Kojima and Del Toro.
Yay!
But they're not doing a game, boo.
They're keynote speakers at the Dice Summit.
This is confirmed by the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences that they're going to be there this year.
And that Kojima will be inducted into the Academy's Hall of Fame.
So they are both there to offer their insight into creative vision and artistic pursuits.
Can they stealth announce something at Dice? Is it possible? Have they done that before?
Can we really just hope something gets announced like TP or something?
TP? It's the toilet paper ghost.
She died in the toilet. No immortal's revenge.
Well, that thing in the sink looks like it may have came from the toilet, so...
TP. It'll scare you shitless.
There you go. Tagline right there.
It did come from someone's neither regions.
What if you had a spinoff of that game where you're just taking care of the poor sink baby or something?
Like a Tamagotchi thing.
Meanwhile, it talks to you in a radio announcer voice the entire time.
A Canadian radio announcer voice?
Are we disturbed or what?
We just missed PT.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We're going to go to the US first. Sorry, we won't be going to Canada, but we'll go to the US first.
We actually do have a few things coming out this week.
Naruto is shipping in Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 coming out on PlayStation 4 and I believe Xbox One.
And we also have Unravel coming out, also PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
And let's see what else here.
Arslan, The Warrior's Legend. That's on PlayStation 4 as well.
Assassin's Creed Chronicles. That's going to be coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
Also, it looks like Arslan, The Warrior's Legend, also on Xbox One.
And The Dying Light, the following, coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One as well.
And...
That's it.
Alright, going over to Japan.
And on the PlayStation 4 on the 12th of February, Senjou no Valkyria remaster.
Is that Valkyria Chronicles? I think it is.
I didn't even realize they were remastering that for the PlayStation 4. I think that's what that is.
And that's really exciting. Yeah, that's it. This is...
Do you not hear gaming news ever? Because that's been announced for a while.
Well, you know, I have the PC one, so...
Anyway, going to the Wii U and this week.
Nothing. It is still another slow week on the Wii U. You get a lot of those, actually.
On the Vita, however, you have this week Eikoku Tantei Mysteria The Crown in regular and limited edition.
That comes out on the 11th.
And on the 3DS, Eterion... Oops, sorry, that's not this continent.
Shin Megami Tensei IV The Final comes out in a regular and Famitsu pack this week.
So there's that to look forward to.
But that's really it in Japan this week.
In our chat, Bob Coffee says, yes, it's Valkyria and we are getting it in America also.
Yes, Shane, in his usual manner, decided to correct me at as soon as possible opportunity.
Yeah, well, no, I'm just saying, you would have known that there's a PS4 version had you been following the news.
I didn't say it wasn't coming here. I was just saying, learn to read.
Whatever. Dark Sakura, how about Europe?
Yeah, some stuff's coming out.
On the 9th, we have Arslan the Warriors of Legend for PC.
Assassin's Creed Chronicles Russia for PC, Xbox One and PS4.
Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime for PlayStation 4.
Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Storm 4.
The series that will never die.
On the 10th, we have Gravity Rush Remastered and on the 12th, Eterion Odyssey 2.
And that's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week, but first, Loki.
Alright, so there's been some reports coming out that people are able to play certain games on the Xbox One backwards compatibility that quite haven't been announced yet.
And some pretty big titles among that as well.
Red Dead Redemption, Tekken Tag Tournament 2, Left 4 Dead 2, Halo Wars and Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
To download those games right now, it's a little bit difficult.
You actually have to have a digital version of the game.
And it won't work with a physical disc for it.
And then basically, you'd have to download it if you have a digital version of the game.
And you have to specifically go to download that.
But nothing's been announced so far.
Maybe we'll get an announcement soon, but Red Dead Redemption is pretty awesome.
Go play it.
Awesome game.
Alright, and lastly, let's talk a little more about Pokemon Go.
Because I don't know about you guys, I'm really excited about that, to try that.
And how did Pokemon Go come to be anyway?
Well, you guys remember a few years ago, there was the April Fool's Day joke where you could actually see the Pokemon on Google Maps.
Guess what?
That was part of the reason why we're getting Pokemon Go.
This was an interview that happened in Famitsu Magazine in Japan with the president of Niantic Japan and Kento Suga, who's the marketing manager of Niantic Japan.
So in this interview, they actually set us apart of it.
That Pokemon challenge was a chance for us to be able to build relations with people at Pokemon.
And then, Pokemon president Suenaku Ishihara and John Hanke, CEO of Niantic, were able to meet and talk.
At that time, both of their thoughts and visions were also very close.
And as a union of their spirit, the talk became, let's do something together in the future.
And then they talked about, in Google, there's a culture where the staff releases ideas for April Fools, then they make their own teams to realize those.
But for the Pokemon challenge, it was a staff member named Tatsuo Nojima who pulled out that idea, and he became the center of development.
So, you never know, if a Google April Fools joke is loved well enough, it just might come true someday.
As Pokemon Go is apparently coming true.
Even though that will be on your smartphones and not Google Maps, but hey, still pretty cool.
Well, let's go to the classic game of the week and take a step into the vault.
And find a game where DarkSakura says, hey, you know what, get off your April Fools Day jokes on the interwebs.
Because this is a game that existed before any of that stuff became games. This is a simpler time.
DarkSakura is going to step in the vault and find a game she thinks you guys should be playing this week.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
I have no idea why I've never done this one before.
Me neither, to be honest.
Lunar the Silver Star. It was a role play game that came out by Game Arts and Studio Alex.
It was released on the Sega CD, or as it was in other countries, the Mega CD.
And the first publishing was by Game Arts in Japan in 1992.
And then it was translated and localized for the US by Working Designs.
And it had that crazy ass rock opening song.
The re-release didn't have this, but the soundtrack that came with it had this on it.
So it is one of the greatest RPGs of all time with little argument.
And I'm saying one up.
I disagree.
One up.
And of course it's also one of the games that really cemented things for Working Designs.
As far as being known for its high quality localization of top rate games.
So it had a sequel. It was Lunar Eternal Blue that came out in 1994.
And there have been three enhanced remakes.
There's Lunar Silver Star Story Complete, Lunar Legend, and Lunar Silver Star Harmony.
So all of those versions have been out.
So basically, it's a traditional top down role playing game.
You have the 2D characters and environments.
You have the towns, fields, different places.
And you have NPCs and you do quests and do things.
However, because it was on the Sega CD, you actually had short videos.
You actually had different really good audio segments.
Really great music on top of it too.
And you saved your game to the Sega CD's internal RAM.
Or you could use the RAM cartridge that came with it that you could choose.
So that's pretty good.
It was definitely one of those games that made having the RAM cartridge worthwhile.
Because those lithium batteries, they kind of went after a bit.
So anyway, you also have turn based combat based on which has the higher speed rating.
And then you give them commands.
I mean it's RPG stuff.
But the thing that's about this that was pretty cool is that the characters were designed by a manga artist, Toshiki Kabuka.
And it was really, I think, the stuff that, in fact I'm pulling up the list of some of the other things he's done.
Because looking at the art style, you can probably tell he did, as far as anime, he did Nadia, The Secret of Blue Water, Giant Robo, Time Jam, Berserk, The Golden Age Arc.
For other games he did, he did The Idolmaster.
Of course, Albert Odyssey.
So that's all stuff that sounds familiar, right?
So, um, but moving on, you know you had all of your characters, they're all classic.
But this was the other thing that was really neat about this.
Is that the plot, well most of the plot, was written by a novelist named Kei Shigema.
Who did, um, it was meant to have a different story for high fantasy.
Something a little bit more unique.
And it was such a really rich story, you know, you can really see a lot of the amazing writing that went into it.
And the whole point was that they wanted a role playing game that would focus on having good animation and really good storytelling.
So, um, they didn't want it to be just a hack and slash, they wanted it to have something immersive.
But also, um, really just be something that would keep the characters going on this.
And of course, the Lunar English version was done by Working Designs.
Um, and it was at the time their biggest project.
The whole thing was headed by Victor Ireland, which for the record, we own his Twilight Zone.
Um, we actually bought one of our pinball tables for him.
Um, but yeah, it was just pretty epic. Pretty, pretty epic.
The English script was one of the biggest ones that, you know, had been provided for games at the time.
Um, the music was pretty amazing. Of course, it was CDDA on the desk.
And, um, there was a soundtrack that was released in 1992 that came out two months before the game did.
Which was, of course, all the Japanese versions and karaoke arrangements.
Um, and then with the Lunar Silver Star story complete, it came with that soundtrack.
So, um, it's pretty, pretty amazing.
Yeah, the game itself in Japan sold 100,000 copies in its entire production run.
Which was, uh, pretty, pretty good.
And then the US version, it sold about as well and got pretty excellent ratings across the board.
So, um, of course, it spawned a sequel which gave us Lunar Eternal Blue.
And then there were follow-ups. Like, there was Lunar Walking School and Lunar Dragon Song that were prequels to the game.
So, of course, we also had the remakes Lunar Silver Star story complete, uh, Lunar Legend and Lunar Silver Star Harmony.
So, there you go.
There it is. I'm listening to a little harmony right now.
Lunar the Silver Star.
There it is. Your classic game of the week, Lunar the Silver Star.
Which, I admit, I just never played it. Never got around to playing it.
Sorry. I can't play all the games.
I might loan you a Sega CD. We've got a couple.
Yay, that'll be fine. Do you have six of those, too?
No. No, I do not. So, you'll have to just, I guess, live in the vault for a weekend.
I'm moving in. I'm moving in.
Alright, uh, we're gonna move on to the second half of our show.
My understanding is that the little game that's on TV is now over.
So, we might have some more people start showing up live, which is great.
Apparently, some donkeys won.
Apparently, a bunch of asses won.
But, anyway, you can-
Although, I will say, just because I think it's his retiring year, is Peyton Manning.
It was, like, his last game.
Who?
Big sportsball guy.
Oh, okay.
I know of him just because I know people who have followed-
You heard stories.
His career.
There's folklore.
I'd say winning a Super Bowl right before you retire is pretty remarkable.
Oh, I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that, but mine will be in Tecmo Bowl.
Yeah.
Alright.
Uh, you can give us a call. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
1-877-GAME-OLR, the old-fashioned way.
Uh, we're gonna take some calls when we come back, but we also have more news to get to.
Rapid Fire News, Fugu Question of the Week, your emails.
There is plenty more show to come, so don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back, right after this, with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And yes, maybe some more wine, too. Oh, God.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode 630 of our show, already in progress.
And, uh, having a good time here tonight with our pal, Shane Alinko, joining us in studio.
And, uh, of course, the, uh, regular cast all assembled tonight.
We're all here, and plus one, we're having a good time.
And, uh, I may have been having a little bit to drink with Shane Alinko.
For some reason, it's hitting me harder.
But probably because I see that Shane still has a full second glass.
I've already drank two glasses.
Well, I had an emergency, so I couldn't drink so much of it right now.
Okay.
My emergency has to do with pre-ordering toys.
Very important. Sorry, I forgot. I forgot.
Toys takes precedence on that whole thing.
Alright, uh, let's get into some rapid-fire news.
And then now we'll get to the FUGL Question of the Week over on Facebook and Google.
Uh, Loki.
So this is sort of back in August, where you can vote on which game you want to be included in the PlayStation Plus lineup as one of the free games.
And now they're doing it again.
So you can vote for three different games to be free among PlayStation Plus for March.
Um, the ones that don't get picked get put on sale.
So that's pretty nice.
And actually, the choices aren't too bad either.
So we've got to choose from, um, Action Henk, which is a racing game.
And then we have Assault Android Cactus, which is a twin-six shooter.
And of course, Broforce, which is just like an all-out side-scroller shooter that's pretty awesome.
So, um, I know at least two of the three of those I want to get.
Um, I will say that, uh, Extifer is a big fan of the Assault Android Cactus.
He'll probably cut somebody that he knows if they don't vote for that one.
Exactly.
So I have to vote for that one.
In full disclosure, I think I have a guy on Twitter who either worked on that game or has a relative who made it or something.
So, um, but I have checked out.
I played that game at last E3. They had it.
So it's been a while.
It's another Unity game.
Yeah, so, um, I hope that one wins, personally.
I would vote for either Broforce or Assault Android Cactus.
I kind of think Broforce has it.
Broforce is pretty awesome.
But either one. Whatever one doesn't win, I'll end up buying the other one.
So that's both winning in my book, I guess.
Speaking of winning, one game that I was super hyped about and for some damn reason still haven't played in a very long time.
I do need to fix that maybe this week.
Grand Theft Auto 5 has sold 60 million copies.
That's ridiculous, the amount of copies that they've sold.
Um, apparently that's down a little bit, though.
It's exceeded expectations, but the revenue has dropped a little bit.
22% in the last quarter.
So, basically, 414.2 million.
And then, of course, they're confirming that Mafia 3 is going to be coming out in 2016.
And, of course, that Battleborn will be launching May 3rd.
So, that's all coming from Take-Two's report earnings meeting that they've got.
Um, I would love some DLC for Grand Theft Auto 5.
That would definitely get me back into playing that game.
Please.
And then, finally, Titanfall 2 is going to have a single player campaign, which probably means I'm going to have to buy it.
Because that's one of the reasons I didn't buy the first one.
But that game was pretty awesome, even though it did melt my last laptop.
But that's just how awesome it is, because it melted my laptop.
And then, on top of that, they're also going to be getting some sort of TV spinoff to that as well.
So, that looks pretty exciting.
If it's anything like the little live action trailer commercial thing that they did, I'd be down to watch that.
And, um, yeah.
So, no set date yet when we can expect it.
Hopefully in some time...
Oh, no, it looks like March 2017.
Sometime before that.
So, before the end of the next fiscal year.
Hopefully holiday.
But maybe not.
I'm sure that'll be a holiday release for sure.
And it's tough, because, you know, they're going to have Battlefield, probably.
So, Titanfall, it's kind of weird.
It's... not sure where that would fall in.
Unless they want to directly compete with Call of Duty.
One will be September, and the other November.
I think they could do it, since Call of Duty had to totally crib a bunch of stuff from Titanfall anyways.
Alright, let's talk a little bit about Guitar Hero.
And one of the most epic songs that was ever in Guitar Hero is coming back for Guitar Hero Live.
And that is Dragon Forces Through the Fire and the Flames.
I think all of us music game people remember playing that song for the first time in Guitar Hero.
No, because I didn't play Guitar Hero.
Really? That song was awesome, though.
It is an awesome song, but yes, I'm with you on that. I never played that song.
Ugh, you guys.
Alright, well anyway, it is coming back to Guitar Hero.
And it's going to be part of a five-track celebration event for the Guitar Hero TV.
Because, you know, it's different than Rock Band.
You don't just download songs, you have this whole kind of, like, live TV element.
So, Through the Fire and the Flames from Dragon Force is going to be part of this.
But then, after this event is over, where some other hard songs will be featured as well.
They're going to put it into the normal rotation on Guitar Hero TV.
But it should be noted that, you know, now the Guitar Heroes are different guitars.
So, they have to basically go back and redo all the key patterns.
Because now you have the whole, like, three up and three down.
It's a little different now than it used to be.
So, I don't own Guitar Hero yet, but I did think it was pretty cool, the little snippet I've played.
So, I really need to get on buying that.
I would like to get it, too, just to support the developers, because it's a DJ Hero developers.
So, I love them. They're so good.
I feel like the public shits on them constantly, too.
Because DJ Hero deserved to do way better than it did.
DJ Hero is goddamn amazing.
Yeah. I'll support that.
Like, immediately it will pre-order DJ Hero 2. Or 3, the amount.
The next DJ Hero game.
If they ever do another one.
Whenever, you know, that happens. If ever.
You know, I'd be totally down for that.
Well, a new trailer was released for Mirror's Edge Catalyst this week.
It's a little story trailer for the game.
But it also, in addition to EA saying they will talk a little more about Faith's story and the world and so forth.
They are saying that a closed beta is going to be coming.
And it will be available for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and of course, via Origin on PC.
The dates are not announced yet, but they do say you will need an EA Origin account in order to participate.
And I imagine this is true on console as well, because...
Yeah, you have to sign in on games like we did for Mass Effect.
And Dragon Age.
Dragon Age, yeah.
Inquisition, anyway.
And again, Origin, not bad anymore. It's a good service.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst, by the way, this is not something you're waiting for the holidays for.
It is supposed to come out on May 24th.
So, this is a little...
The day after my birthday.
So, if you thought, well, what a great...
No, I don't care about Mirror's Edge. I want Power Rangers stuff.
So, don't pay attention to Mirror's Edge at that time.
All right, well, what about Dark Souls 3? Do you care about that?
Nope.
All right, then plug your ears.
Because our next little snippet here is about Dark Souls 3.
And apparently there was a livestream that From Software did recently about this.
But for some reason, the stream was private.
So, people didn't even really know it was going.
So, I don't know if that was intentional, like maybe it was like a media only.
But it didn't seem to have that type of vibe to it.
Well, of course, you put something on the internet, it's never gonna go away.
So, there was a YouTuber out there who was able to make an archive
of several minutes of the gameplay from Dark Souls 3.
And I gotta say, it looks really good.
Although, I really tried with Bloodborne, you guys.
I tried and it's just...
It's too much. I can't.
So, we'll see. I don't know.
Maybe Dark Souls 3 will do something different to the formula, like make it a little easier.
Something I feel like I actually progress in.
I don't know. I guess I'm that wimp.
That ruined all video games.
Because they're too hard.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Well, for fans of Pokemon, you can get the original Pokemon Red and Blue music on vinyl.
There's a record album that is being published with 500 copies.
And it looks like everyone signed up, but you can register to let them know you're interested to see if they'll print more.
But it's about 50 bucks.
I don't really understand the whole...
As a collectible thing, I think that's cool.
But I don't understand releasing records with things anymore.
That's cool. I like Pokemon.
It's got a nice cover.
Yeah, that's awesome. But are you gonna listen to it?
That's not probably what it's for.
I guess. But with Super Beat Zonic, the collector's edition came with two records.
I'm like, cool. Won't be able to do anything with those now.
But thank you for the records.
Well, you can get digital albums.
Sorry, digital record players.
Oh, I think I've seen those at Fry's.
Yeah.
I just even have those at Hot Topic sometimes.
Really?
No, seriously. I've seen USB record players there.
That's hilarious.
Interesting.
Well, my eyes were just open to something I had no idea about.
I'm assuming that's all for mixing, though.
I think the USB ones were mainly for ripping vinyl to digital formats, I guess.
That makes sense. Fair enough.
Also, there is going to be a new arcade game coming out that will be between Nintendo and Capcom.
That will be Mario Party Arcade so you can have your hissy fit in front of everybody.
You can actually punch a kid in the face at the arcade.
I don't know if that would work well as an arcade game.
You'd have to kind of go around to punch them, though.
It looks awesome. Just the setup looks really nice.
I would rather play Animal Crossing, Amiibo Festival, than Mario Party any day.
Oh, those are strong words.
Those are very strong words.
I think if you want a good arcade game experience, Smash Bros. arcade would be perfect and throw more Capcom characters in there.
Nintendo needs to sell more Wii's.
Wii U's. They don't need to sell Wii U's.
Wii U's.
And then last, and definitely the least awesome news ever, is that Warner Bros. actually cancelled the Mac and Linux ports of Batman Arkham Knight.
Is that awful news, though? Because look what happened to the PC one.
It wasn't crap.
I mean, maybe they're just sparing the rest of us from, you know...
I think it was a mercy killing.
I guess so. I mean, dear people on Unix-based systems, we will not subject you to this terror.
You mean we have to actually go through the even worse terror of playing it in boot camp?
Well, there's VMware. Ugh! And that's what every Mac user and Linux user said ever.
Well, thank you for that perspective.
Unfortunately, they just figured how many people game on Mac and Linux, and they're just like, eh, it's not worth it.
Which is actually a pretty big number of people.
Not worth it? You mean by putting it out, then pulling it, and then re-releasing it again?
Yes, in that sense, because they're gonna half-ass put it out, and it's still gonna be all fucked up, and they're like, eh, fuck it.
You guys are funny. Alright, let's move on and get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities, and we read some of our favorite answers here on the show.
Or we'll read them all, as I think I'm gonna... I'm feeling nice, I'm gonna do that tonight.
And this week, we decided to ask in honor of Superb Owl Sunday, we're gonna talk a little bit about...
Well, because most people right now, they're not talking about the game anymore.
They're talking about that halftime show, for better or for worse, with Coldplay, Beyonce, Bruno Mars, right?
So that had us thinking about breaks, because every year when the Superb Owl comes up, we ask a sports game thing.
That sounds like you're saying Super Bowl.
Super Bowl, I kinda like that though, the Super Bowl.
But you know, that's what people say to get around the trademark on Super Bowl, and that the NFL will come after you.
I had no idea.
Yeah, you can't, like if you're a pizza place, you can't have like a Super Bowl discount thing.
That's why everybody does the big game, or...
Oh.
Yeah. Anyway.
Let's talk about breaks.
So we wanted to know, do you regularly take breaks when gaming, or have you ever binged to the point where you ever thought, maybe this is dangerous.
So taking a break from the game, as they do in sports, we need to do it with video games as well.
You know, it is recommended, what, for every two hours of games, you take a fifteen minute break, something like that?
So, let's get to some answers over on Facebook.
Jose Osumuwagawa says, I usually have to, because I'm a smoker, and there's no smoking in the apartment I live in.
Well, that's, I guess, a way to force yourself to take a break, I guess.
Fabrice A says, I once played Sega Rally for twenty-four hours straight.
Other than that, I do take regular breaks, if only to rest my eyes.
Whenever I feel I'm going in the red, I just stop altogether.
William Murderface says, I've played for eight to twelve hours straight a few times, like Final Fantasy 14 around Reborn.
But my eyes usually start bugging me after a few hours, and I have to get up and take a walk.
Generally speaking, I try to get up once an hour and take at least a five minute break.
Retertainment says, I rarely do anything straight, though.
At the very least, I like to get myself another bottle of Heineken about every hour or so while I'm playing Fallout.
Degenerate Johnny says, my gaming sessions end when either I empty the bottle of wine I started with, or when I pass out, whichever comes first.
Winston H says, usually I don't do too many binges of gaming, but when I do, I would take a break to either go to the washroom,
eat, or drink something in two to three hours.
Andy R says, I don't actively seek to take breaks, but usually the bathroom snack breaks do serve some of that role.
I don't think I've ever made it to the dangerous point.
Dark Tetsuya says, depends on the game, of course.
Obviously, I've got to mention the DDR games.
Now, taking breaks is pretty much mandatory, as with any workout, you don't want to over-exert yourself, or you'll be in serious trouble.
Though, usually my breaks come when I've hit a wall in a particular RPG or something, and I don't know what to do or how to beat a particular enemy.
It's nice to walk away and come back refreshed.
Fifth Dream says, I don't specifically take time out for breaks when I game,
but I am such an unintentional multitasker that the amount of time I get up for a drink or something to eat, check email or instant messages,
or generally get distracted by something else, probably adds up to way more than 15 minutes per hour anyway.
But the day I got Skies of Arcadia on Dreamcast, I played it 15 hours straight,
and I probably ate once and took a couple of bathroom breaks.
That was a great day.
Chad B says, I have some problems with one of my legs, so I generally can't sit comfortably for a long period of time anyway,
but instead of a 15 minute break every few hours, it's more like a few minutes of getting up two to three times per hour.
As a kid, however, I never had an issue playing games for hours on end.
And just, I think, one or two more on Google+, just one on Google+.
Act Def says, the longest I played a game was Super Smash Brothers Melee.
My brother, my nephews, and some friends played for like 12 hours straight.
We unlocked all the characters and stuff.
After that, the GameCube got busted and had to be replaced.
Good thing it still had warranty. Not too tiring though.
My second longest was playing the endless set list on Rock Band 2 on Expert.
Now that was tiring as hell.
Those are some good answers. What about you guys?
Do you take breaks when you game?
And has there maybe been a point in the past where maybe you did a little too much binging on a game?
Dark Sakura?
I take a break when I gotta pee.
And your watch pokes you and tells you to get up, doesn't it?
Yeah, now it does. I mean, if it hits like the 50 minute mark and I haven't stood up,
then I get that little tap on the wrist. It's time to stand up.
Shut up, watch. Don't tell me how to live my life.
Actually, I do say that at my desk and Shane can attest to that, I'm sure.
Don't tell me what to do.
I play, you know, I pass out asleep.
I remember though when Final Fantasy III on Super Nintendo, Rob, came out.
I had the quote flew, quote, for a week until I beat it.
So I didn't go to school. I just stayed home and played Final Fantasy the entire time.
I've heard you tell that story before, the binge on Final Fantasy that you had.
I had to re-rent it at the time. I didn't own the copy.
Nice.
I was gonna say I completed Grand Theft Auto 4 100% to try to get the keys of the city
when I first came out and then required me staying up very late at night for a few days.
My friend and I, when I was younger, we stayed up all night beating.
We did it once with Super Mario 3 without warping and we did it again with Star Tropics.
We played Star Tropics like almost all in one sitting.
But as far as, again, I can't do those types of binge sessions.
Maybe I'm just old or whatever and I gotta pee a lot or I gotta eat.
I think the fact that I really like food makes me stop and get up and be like,
ooh, I'm gonna raid the fridge. I want a cookie.
So that helps with those breaks.
Shane?
I'm sure I did it for various MMOs but the one game I remember not getting up until I beat it
was Portal 2 when that came out.
Oh yeah.
Got that on PS3 and at the time I would play in the living room and I'd just lay down on the floor
and look up at the TV and I just kept playing until it was done because it was so good.
And at least that's something you can kind of feasibly, it's like what, a five hour game?
That's like watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
I did the same with, oh god, Bioshock Infinite too.
Oh wow.
And Heavy Rain. I did not stop playing Heavy Rain until I finished it.
Alright, there you go.
Some of our answers there over at our Facebook and our Google Plus pages.
And let's see, looking in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Oh, Bobby Blackwolf with a great answer here.
Civilization always makes me play for a binge which is why I never play it often
because I never have binge time anymore.
Oh god, that's so true.
I remember playing online matches in Civ Net which was the online Civ one
that would go like all fucking night.
And I think we did this with Civ 4 once too.
Like the Civilization is some serious like, yeah, there's just one more turn.
There would be the hours of me playing Dr. Mario.
No, seriously.
I could play Dr. Mario from level one to whatever level.
Those puzzle games were especially something, especially when they were first coming out
because Dr. Mario was kind of like in a way was the follow up to Tetris and that whole craze.
Except Dr. Mario to me was much easier than Tetris.
Yeah.
Because I mean I don't know what it was but my, I guess my reaction time was a lot faster on Dr. Mario than it was with Tetris.
Sure, but you've heard those stories of people that would play Tetris that usually don't play games.
Like back in that day, right?
Like, oh my gosh, the mom who doesn't play games, I'm being extremely stereotypical of what we saw on the news back then,
is binge playing Tetris and can't put the Game Boy Advance down.
Do you know the first place I ever learned about Pokemon, by the way, on a tangent,
was from a bunch of like mother types at work who got this game for their kids and they couldn't stop playing it.
I just thought, just kind of like a funny aside, that like one of them would talk about Pokemon like non-stop
and she was playing it on her breaks. She had her Game Boy at work and I kind of thought it was cool.
And that, you know, it wasn't really until the anime when I got into it but it was interesting.
I would only play Pokemon at the gym.
Alright. Anyhow, let's see, let's get on to some more gaming news. Loki!
So this is kind of disappointing because I actually follow this guy on YouTube a bit.
So Eric, I'm going to try to not butcher his last name, Tarasinski.
He goes by Etitski, I guess, on YouTube.
He did like a bunch of Unity tutorials and that type of thing.
One of the things he was working on was actually a game called Ant Simulator.
And I believe it had been Kickstarted and he's been working on it for a while now.
Apparently he just put up a YouTube video saying that the game has been cancelled.
And this is because, as he puts it, that his two business partners that he was with have spent the money that was from the backers
to fund the game and they spent it on bar tabs and hookers.
Hookers? Oh for real?
Or not hookers, but strippers and food and that type of stuff.
And so because of this, he's trying to find a way to refund everybody and basically just trying to salvage everything.
It wasn't too much that he had raised, it was $4,459 from 149 backers.
And apparently of that, it's been spent now.
Although, his two business partners also came out to defend themselves and basically saying that,
no, we didn't spend this on unnecessary things, that this was all approved business transactions,
and that actually the developer was separating from the company and actually took control of the funds
and has moved those all into a personal account type of thing.
So a lot of drama, but it kind of sucks to see this guy's hard work.
Basically he's not allowed to release the game now without these guys and he doesn't have the money to release it
because they've used it all. And if he tries to release it without them, they will sue him.
So yeah, that kind of sucks.
What a mess.
But whenever I think of Ant Simulator, I think of SimAnt. That game was so awesome.
Yeah, and the game does look pretty awesome.
I mean, I've seen videos on his channel for a while now regarding that,
and I didn't realize he'd actually had a Kickstarter for it.
I thought it was just kind of like a little project he was working on.
But it looked pretty cool, and fortunately now there's not really much he can do with it.
All right. Well, moving on to, I guess, a bit of an OLR dream game-esque sort of thing,
perhaps being realized a little bit. I don't know.
But you know we've talked about, and it's been a little bit of a long-running joke here on OLR,
that they really should make a video game out of Battle Royale.
That's not what's happening. I'm not trying to get your hopes up,
and it's not that they're making one out of Hunger Games either,
but the whole concept of the fact that 16 people enter one survives.
Now, to be fair, I believe H1Z1, there's a mode like this in that game,
but there's not really been a game where, at least that I can think of,
where that's really kind of been the focus is that sort of storytelling
that you see in a survivor-esque type of narrative.
Anyhow, there is a new game, though, that has come out on Steam Early Access,
or I'm sorry, will be on Steam Early Access early next month called The Culling,
and you're going to be participating as one of 16 contestants,
and you have 20 minutes to explore the surrounding, craft weapons,
and kill the other players. You can scavenge various items, build traps,
and that will allow you to kill the other contestants
and win the right to live before the next round of play begins.
The Culling is going to be a standalone experience with 16-player Battle Royale modes.
March 8th is when the game comes out on Steam Early Access.
Oh, I'm sure there's other games like this that kind of already exist,
but I don't know. When I heard about this, I was like,
oh, remember when we had the Battle Royale live on OLR
and somebody got cut with a paper plate or something? I don't remember.
I was the victor of that one. That was great.
Russ sort of reminds me of DayZ.
It's more of where you just get plopped down into the middle of everything
and you have to survive against other players.
This almost sounds like the Hunger Game mods that they do for Minecraft and stuff
where you basically have a certain set time limit and you have to survive and that type of thing.
But hey, whatever. That's cool. All those concepts are fun.
Dart Tetsuya says, in the description, they do specifically say Battle Royale multiple times,
so it was probably a heavy influence.
And obviously, for obvious reasons, they can't exactly release their game as Battle Royale,
but it probably is where most of their inspiration comes from.
Very cool. I'll have to see if that game looks like something I could actually play
or if it's going to be yet another first-person shooter I'm going to be awful at.
Moving on, DarkSakura.
Well, you know, I love my Neo Geo Pocket color, and this makes me think of it.
It's another early access game called Pocket Rumble,
and basically it looks like old Neo Geo Pocket fighting games,
like Gals Fighters and the KOF games.
I think I have both of the Last Blade games, so it's pretty fun.
This looks very interesting. I watched the trailer for it,
and right now I think they've only got two characters right now,
and they're supposed to be releasing more characters as it goes out,
but it's $9.99, and there is a preview of the upcoming games on their Kickstarter page,
and I'm going to have to go pick this up when I get home.
Yeah, when I heard about that, I definitely thought of you,
because you have a lot of love for those pocket fighting games.
That's pretty cool somebody's making a tribute.
I love the Last Blade ones. Those were always fun.
Yeah. All right, just a couple more stories, and then we'll get to tonight's mailbag,
which DarkSakura may be able to attend to tonight, it looks like.
She won't have to leave studio before then.
Logie.
So Cartoon Network is kind of expanding beyond just cartoons.
They're actually going to get into the...
They've been sort of working on different video games and stuff,
but they're actually creating their own video games now,
aside from just kind of doing licensed stuff.
So one of the first original games that they're putting out is called OK KO, Lakewood Plaza Turbo,
and it's, I guess, some brand new game.
It looks pretty cool. It's kind of a brawler game that's basically an anime world.
So their quote from Chief Content Officer Rob Scorcher, or Sorcher,
is, we're no longer just about creating TV series.
We're really about creating animated worlds,
and we really want the ability to unfold those worlds into any platform,
and ultimately all platforms, including TV and mobile, console, that type of thing.
It looks interesting. I mean, I like the style of it.
All right. Sorry, I got distracted for a minute there.
For our live listeners, it looks like we had a little hiccup in studio,
so we may have lost audio. I got kicked from IRC. I don't know if you guys did.
I was still on, but I got the ops are warning.
Oh, so something weird happened there, so unfortunately...
IP conflict?
Yeah, I think what happened is we all reconnected,
and now it thinks there's too many of us on the net or something, so hopefully...
I didn't get any kind of disconnect notice.
I'm actually showing that our live stream just dropped again, and it's trying to reconnect.
So it looks like we are having some internet issues.
So for the sake of the show, I am going to keep rolling tape.
The show must go on.
Let me try to get to the next story here.
I'm just going to hope that the stream reconnects for our live folks,
but in the interest of the recording, I'm going to keep moving.
Hopefully it was just a little hiccup.
Hopefully everybody can kind of curb their internet activity here in the...
I'm not using the internet.
I know you're not.
I was just looking at pictures of cows.
I'm playing Final Fantasy Explorer.
I'm not sure that Alan is not running any torrents or anything like that.
I don't know.
Anyhow...
That's not what you say on the air, Rab.
Sorry.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about Star Wars The Force Awakens.
There is going to be a Lego game coming out for Star Wars The Force Awakens,
and there was a teaser that happened with the Lego folks that came out earlier this week,
and it said that, yeah, they're going to be coming together,
which makes sense because there's already Lego Star Wars games.
So we kind of knew a Star Wars Force Awakens was kind of a given,
but it had actually been leaked previously due to an Xbox Store product page
that actually came out a little earlier than it was supposed to.
So, yep.
Lego Star Wars The Force Awakens will have new gameplay mechanics,
building, battling, and flying through the galaxy.
Interesting that they are making a whole separate game for this
and not just adding it into Lego Dimensions,
but at the same time, it's not like they don't make stand-alone Lego games still.
Well, yeah, Dimensions, I don't think they would do that because it's a...
But I would think that, you know, I'm surprised that they're putting it out now
because with the original trilogy and everything,
they had kind of like three games in one or three movies.
I just hope that there's enough content in The Force Awakens to make a game out of,
which I don't know if it might be.
The trailer was super adorable.
Like, even I kind of want to play it just by watching that trailer.
I'll have to check it out whenever, you know, we actually have a game.
Maybe that's a holiday release, I imagine.
June, actually.
Oh, wow.
Oh, maybe timed for the release of, like, the Blu-ray.
Maybe. I don't know.
I don't remember when the Blu-ray's coming out, but, yeah,
June is when it's supposed to be coming out.
Cool.
All right, let's get into the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And DarkSakura will dive into the mailbag and find some emails
that she thinks, hey, these are worthy of reading on the show.
Although I believe there's only one email one night, right?
Unless the late one's here.
It's a big one.
One email.
One. One email.
One email.
Ah, ah, ah.
DarkSakura.
This comes from...
He put his full name on there.
I'm just going to say Andrew.
Very interesting discussion last week about how Shane hates E3,
and I thought I would chime in since I went in 2015.
I don't think Shane's the only one that...
Yeah.
Hate's a strong word.
But, anyway, go ahead.
I get a lot of the complaints Shane and Sky had.
Activision was still a lot of closed-door stuff,
though I recall Skylanders being playable on the floor
with a several-hour wait because they were giving out
an exclusive Skylander.
Konami's presence was a huge boost just for two screens,
one Metal Gear Solid and the other for...
PES?
Pro Evolution Soccer.
Okay.
Game I don't care about.
And nothing playable on the floor.
Plus several games I saw were just demoed to me
in a theater setting as Sky complained about.
For example, I saw Dark Souls 3 but didn't even end up
writing an article about it because by the time
I would have done so, most of what I had seen
was already online.
However, there was also a huge indie presence.
Last year was my first year, so I didn't know how it compares,
but both Sony and Microsoft were lined with demo stations
for all the indies they'd been courting,
and many of the devs were on hand to talk to people
playing their game.
It was easy to simply walk up and start playing
Rocket League or Cuphead.
Oh, man, I want to play Cuphead.
Oh, yeah.
I watched the little gameplay trailer of that recently.
They were showing that.
That looks fantastic.
And several times I had the developer come
and chat me up while I was playing.
On to the news about EA.
I do like that they are opening up of their stuff
to the public.
Like Shane, I really enjoyed the PSX I went to
as a fan and not media.
But as someone who may be going to E3 again this year
as media, can I say fuck you EA for putting their thing
across the street?
It's already a, it's already a betch, B-E-T-C-H,
but when you've got five minutes between appointments
and they're in opposite halls,
but now there's also this to contend with.
That's my F-you of the week.
Wink.
You know, back in my day at E3,
the only thing across the street were like hot dog vendors
and balls.
And balls.
That was what my E3 was like, too.
And then, of course, you had the EEE booth
where you got root beer balls.
I remember the one year I went and I didn't see anything
but the Ouya thing.
I think I was picking up Bobby Black Wolf
and we went to Disneyland.
Oh, and they had the one year where, um,
what's the game called now?
Um, the Rez spiritual successor.
I don't remember what it's called now.
Oh, Child of Light?
No, that's the Ubisoft game, isn't it?
Yeah, but it was by Mizuguchi.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
You're right.
No, no, no.
It was something like that, yeah.
Yeah, because I was going to say Child of Light,
but it's not that.
Child of Eden.
Child of Eden, yes.
That was across the street one year, too,
and I played that.
I was like, ooh, interesting.
And Bobby is pointing out, though,
that EA is not going to be across the street for media
because the meeting rooms, they will still have upstairs
at the LA Convention Center.
And a lot of people who've even been to E3
don't ever think to walk upstairs,
and that's because I think you actually,
I don't think a general badge gets you up there.
I think you have to have a media badge to get up there.
But we actually, I went up there
when I had some appointments a couple years ago
the last time I was there, and I was like,
wow, there's a lot more you don't even see that's up here
because that's how I played.
I want to say how I played a lot of the Bandai Namco stuff
was actually upstairs.
It wasn't even on the show floor,
but we had an appointment to see the Tails game
that was coming out that year,
and we got to play some of the other stuff.
My first year, I just managed to piggyback into media events,
remember?
Yeah, yeah.
And then my second year, I managed to, again,
piggyback into media events and convince the people
at Capcom to let me in
because that's when they were being really rude to people.
Yeah.
But I got into something.
The best badge you can have was the one year
I had the exhibitor badge,
and I just went everywhere whenever I wanted.
I went there a day early, and it was just playing games
that were already on the floor.
It was so good.
The third year is when we had media passes,
and that was pretty fun.
I just remember hanging out in the Bethesda room for a while
with that Call of Cthulhu game
that I wanted to play so badly.
The reality is times have changed,
and it's a new media now than it was ten years ago
when we were all first going,
so we'll see what happens and what changes in the future.
All right, that is it for our mailbag tonight.
All right, participate at orangeloungeradio.com
if you want to send an email for a future week.
In the meantime, let's get into the FUs of the week
because we get angsty here on the show once in a while,
and so we're going to take it out on all of you.
This is FU2, and it's not like anyone's fault or anything,
so I'll say FU that my friend's cat got out
and has now lost everything.
Poor baby, I hope you can find your baby.
There's a poor little hurt cat too.
There's cold, poor baby.
I hope they come back soon.
And also FU2 having migraines at work.
Um, Loki.
I'm FU2 myself for twisting my ankle
while playing Ingress this week.
It's a dangerous sport.
Yes, dangerous, no, it's more like me being a dumbass
and walking along the edge of a road and stepping on it.
Was it even a dangerous portal?
Were you going into the ditch by the movie theaters?
It wasn't that, or it was just like over?
No, it was the entrance to a park,
and there's no place to park right there by the portal,
so I had to park and walk to it, and I did, and I hit it.
So you tripped over your own two feet?
No, I didn't trip over my own two feet.
I tripped off the curb funny and twisted my ankle,
and I looked like a dumbass because I fell on the ground,
and then had to hobble around for a couple days.
Alright.
My FU of the Week goes to, oh my god,
the sickness that would not go away.
I was waking up for like two weeks.
You remember when I missed a show a couple weeks ago?
Like, I think today is the first day that I woke up feeling symptom-free.
Knock on wood, cross my fingers, all that stuff.
FU did the sickness that would not go away. It was awful.
And FU did the fact that I walked six miles yesterday,
but that's actually a good thing. I needed the exercise.
But I walked six miles for Ingress First Saturday,
and I came in sixth place, but that was out of 72 people,
so it's not too bad actually, so I'm happy.
I really wanted to go to that. I wish I could.
It was fun. There was a lot of people there.
It's fun to meet the people that you only talk to online usually.
So were there a lot of people from the other faction there?
Yeah, but I don't want to say it gets high school,
but people definitely kind of hang with their crew,
and I didn't meet a lot of people. I'm always nice.
There's a couple, but usually they're out of area.
You know, so there was a couple that I met that were nice.
Was Pepper there?
No, she wasn't. I like her. I would have said hi to her if she was there.
See, my thought was if I had been able to go to a park or something like that,
I was like, well, everybody's going into this thing.
I'm just going to go hack your crap while you're away.
Yeah, right, so it was fun, but I did a lot of walking.
It was like I got to come home and take a nap because that was too much walking.
All right, moving on. Shane, do you have any FUs of the week?
FU2, deciding I wanted that Mighty Morphin Power Rangers comic book way too late
because now you can't find it.
I guess I'll have to wait for the third reprint that comes out in March,
but I really wanted the Blue Ranger cover, and I won't be able to find that.
Well, maybe there's a listener that can save the day and cross our fingers and our toes.
Let Shane know. Reach out to him on Twitter.
Yes, I just want the Blue Ranger cover.
If you have one in your area that's not the Blue Ranger,
I'll just get it off of the Internet version or something.
All right.
But thank you in advance.
Tigerclaw in chat wants to know, specifically for you, Shane,
speaking of Power Rangers, what are his thoughts on Elizabeth Banks as Rita Repulsa?
You could go listen to Ranger Pride and find out, but spoiler.
That's how you plug a show. Good job, but spoiler.
I love Elizabeth Banks.
All right.
So that might give you a clue as to how I feel.
All right. Let's do a couple more stories here, and then we're going to open up the phone line.
Gosh, we're running a little ahead of schedule tonight.
It's weird, but I guess when there's less people because the whole football game and so forth,
some nights we're done early, some nights we're not.
Loki, what do you got for us?
All right.
So there was going to be an iOS version of binding of Isaac Rebirth,
but now it's not going to happen because it's been rejected from the App Store.
And I guess this was due to an issue of depictions of violence towards or abuse of children,
which is pretty much the foundation of this game.
And so it's going to be kind of hard to fix that.
I love the response by the actual developer, Tyrone Rotter.
It's like he posted the whole, what was it, the rejection notice thing,
and then he's like, come on, what the fuck, Apple?
So that was very funny.
But yes, usually he's, I guess, had the problems with other games in the past,
but it's going to be hard to kind of censor that to where it'd be acceptable on the store, I guess,
because, I mean, it's the whole foundation of the game.
It is a little dark, let's just put it like that.
I can see when I kind of heard this, I was like, well, it is a bit much,
and it didn't get on Nintendo's platform.
But it's not necessarily, I mean...
It is on Nintendo's platform.
Is it? I thought they ended up...
No, it's on, you have to, you can only play it on new 3DS.
That's right, that's right.
I mean, it's not a realistic depiction of a child.
I mean, it's just a cartoon character.
I mean, come on.
It's hard to just say he's 18.
Just change the graphics.
Alright, well, you know, one game that people would love to see on a Nintendo platform is Undertale.
You know, this game has been a runaway indie success,
and apparently, developer support at Nintendo of America has reached out to Toby Fox,
who is the creator of Undertale.
That's what some outlets are reporting this week.
And this is all through Twitter, for what it's worth.
So, you know, that's why people can see those tweets.
And the tweet actually said,
Hey, are you available for me to reach out to you when you get a chance?
Let me know if that's cool.
So now a lot of people are saying like,
Oh, is Nintendo trying to chase down Undertale for their platforms?
They'll buy it and call it Earthbound 4.
Anything's possible.
But, you know, Undertale isn't on consoles,
and I bet Nintendo would love to have that under their belt.
You know, I don't see why they wouldn't go for that.
So we'll see what happens with that.
I still need to play my copy.
It was, I believe Dar Sakura bought that for me for the holidays,
and I still haven't played it yet, because I'm a bad person.
I've only played the demo partially.
Yeah, I need to get into that.
But what bugs me is that I've already had,
I don't want to say the whole thing's spoiled,
but I kind of know that you're supposed to play a certain way the first time.
And I don't know, I'm kind of irritated that that got ruined for me.
But, oh well.
Anyhow, sg100matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I have to play Undertale at some point.
Sounds like I'm not the only one who's behind,
but that happens with games sometimes.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line right now for you to call in.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the old school phone number,
but you can also call us on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Skype, of course, is something you can get on your PC,
or it's an app on pretty much every smartphone that's out there.
And you can just call us all one word on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Some comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bob Coffey says, oh shit, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 is going to have the Technodrome?
And Krang.
Yeah, it sounds like the second movie gives us a lot of the stuff we remember from the 90s cartoon.
It looks pretty awesome.
Yeah, was the new trailer released today?
Yeah, Super Bowl.
I figured. A lot of movies. Didn't Independence Day get one too, or the new Independence Day?
X-Men Apocalypse.
I don't know, but I'm going to have to go look for those now.
I think there was a new Independence Day one too.
So there's a lot of movie stuff today.
I'm sure YouTube will blow up with all that stuff later.
Don't they compile all the official Super Bowl stuff into one YouTube playlist?
Maybe.
You don't even have to really watch the game, you can just watch the YouTube playlist two hours after the game is over.
I don't know.
Speaking of movies, I do want to give a quick plug to Flaco Jones.
Because his winter movie preview just went up over at vognetwork.com.
And you can check that out and tell us what winter movies you're looking forward to.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 not on that list because it's not a winter movie.
But a little movie, I think it's called Skull Poople or something?
Is coming out next week and has a lot of people very excited about that.
What?
Skull Poople.
What are you trying to say? I don't understand.
Have you heard about the Deadpool movie marketing campaign?
Where they used the emojis and the emojis were the skull, the poop, and the letter L.
Because it's dead poo-le.
But a lot of people were like, what's Skull Poople?
And so they kind of like ran with it.
And I think Ryan Reynolds actually did an interview where he's promoting Skull Poople.
So, I think that's funny.
Obviously, Ryan Reynolds is a great fit for that character.
He's apparently great for that role and just hearing one of the reviews for it today.
It's getting a lot of positive press from what I'm hearing.
Yeah, I'm totally down to see this.
Yeah, I'll see that too.
Dark Soccer though, you're usually the one that jumps at the Deadpool stuff.
Are you going to be seeing Skull Poople or no?
Probably.
Yeah?
I mean, it kind of goes without saying.
Yeah.
I rarely make it out to movies anymore.
Remember, Shane, when we said we were going to go see one movie a week?
You wanted to do that.
How long did that last?
No, because you said you were going to do it too, but then you changed mine.
But it wasn't on me to do it.
It was on you to say something.
And it happened one time.
We went and saw one movie.
Now, granted, we saw Star Wars, which is pretty awesome.
But it happened one time.
I just want to point that out.
Again, that was on you though, not me.
Alright, another plug for calls.
Orange Launch Radio.
Although, again, our live turnout is a little less.
I'm thankful to you guys for being here live, but there are less than there usually are.
Orange Launch Radio on Skype, all one word.
One eight seven seven game over.
Well, this stream did crash, and I think a few people crashed with it.
Yeah, that's true.
The stream did crash, and some people probably thought we were done or something.
So, I hate that, but some things you can't control, and that's one of them.
They apparently had a new TV spot for 10 Cloverfield Lane.
What was that?
There was a TV spot for what?
Ten Cloverfield Lane.
Oh, yeah, the whole...
I'm so excited for that movie.
I kind of thought the original movie was super overrated, but...
I loved it.
Yeah, of course you did.
Let's see, in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
Xanos in chat says, and I hope I'm saying that right, sorry if I'm not,
says, looking forward to Deadpool Thursday night on DLX.
Tiger call asking if we've seen the new Jason Bourne spot.
Is that the one where they don't have Matt Damon doing it anymore,
but now it's what, Jeremy Renner?
No, I think Matt Damon's back.
Oh, he's back? Oh, good for him.
I saw, like, the first one of those movies, and never...
We also had the anniversary of Street Fighter II a few days ago.
That did happen this week, didn't it?
It did.
Street Fighter, quickly, since we're not getting any calls,
favorite Street Fighter II memory?
It wasn't Street Fighter II,
but it was X-Men vs. Street Fighter,
of beating Dan's ass with Kami and having him yell about how much he hates Kami.
That was great.
Mine was being at a tournament at Blockbuster,
when they were doing tournaments.
Awesome.
And a guy saying he wanted to pick Guile,
and I was like, who's Guile?
One of the people who is Callum Cooley.
Is he the guy that does the Sanic Boom?
Sanic Bam!
Sanic Bam?
Let's see, my favorite memory was...
I was on a bus trip from...
It's a button willow.
Well, funny enough, it was California to the United Nations in New York City.
I probably told this story on the show at some point.
It was something I did through, like, a youth...
Well, it was actually...
Do you know what the Independent Order Odd Fellows is?
It's kind of like Masons, like one of those types of organizations.
They used to sponsor...
Sounds like a cult.
It's not a cult.
It's an old people organization.
They're all very nice people,
and they paid for me to go to New York City,
so there's not possibly a negative thing I could say.
But I won the speech contest,
so they did this thing where we went on a bus to the United Nations.
The point of the story is, coming back,
our last stop was in...
I want to say it was Ontario.
That's where the airport is, down south, right?
We stopped there the very last night,
and there was some arcade next door to the hotel we were all staying at.
So we went into this little arcade,
and there was a bunch of people playing Street Fighter II,
and I just was like,
Oh, yeah, Street Fighter II, I want to play,
and I got on, and I was playing as Chun-Li,
and that made all the bros who were playing the game
kind of laugh like,
Oh, it's a guy playing Chun-Li or whatever.
I whooped them all.
I was on that machine.
I shit you not for an hour straight,
just playing Chun-Li, kicking all their asses.
That's my favorite Street Fighter II memory.
So thank you, Chun-Li, for showing...
for helping me out.
I had a moment like that with Tekken 3 back in the day.
Oh, yeah?
Playing, uh...
Weren't you kind of known locally as that girl who plays Tekken?
Who plays Tekken, yeah.
Well, the story is that I had gone back into the cyber station
that I used to work at,
because they had the deluxe Tekken 3 cab, so...
Nice.
Well, we do have a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Rob.
Is this Marissa?
Yes, it is.
Yay, these are my favorite moments.
Hello, everybody.
How are you, Marissa?
Marissa, come on in.
I tried to go outside to talk on the phone,
because I live in a very small space,
and my boyfriend now has to listen to me talk.
There is a wind tunnel outside.
Anyway...
We don't hear it, for what it's worth,
but I'm sorry you're having to put up with it,
but we can hear you just fine.
What's on your mind tonight, hun?
Calling to say hi.
I noticed, you know, you're having a Super Bowl lag, right?
Yeah, I think a lot of people are feeling it.
Like, what can you do?
This is the day where Bravo just plays Real Housewives all day long,
because what can you do?
They already do that.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Chris just said to me, he's like,
you can't say Super Bowl, it's the big game.
We can say it's streaming, honey.
I think, technically, we're talking news,
and Super Bowl is news.
We're not...
If we had promoted tonight's show
as the Super Bowl edition of Orange on Radio,
then that's a problem.
I didn't even know anybody excited about this game in particular,
but we went to the supermarket,
and they were completely out of all chips and beer,
so I guess it was just like, hey, let's eat and drink day.
Yeah, people, even if their teams aren't in it,
people still watch it and get into it.
Like, well, usually, like our pal Bobby,
he's not usually on Super Bowl Sunday,
because it was like the one time a year
he would see a certain group of friends,
and they would hang out.
And for whatever sad reason, unfortunately,
that didn't happen this year, so Bobby was here tonight.
But, you know, it's like one of those cultural things.
Some people do it for the Oscars, right?
You might have a friend that has an Oscar party every year,
and then suddenly one year they'll stop.
They'll get sick of doing it.
That's true.
Well, you know, if I'm down here in L.A., though,
and like we only care, well, we don't have a football team right now,
but we only care if our team is winning anyway.
Well, you're getting a team next year, from what I understand,
so that's going to change a little bit.
Yeah.
Well, even then, the thing is, that's always funny.
It's like, you know, we'll be bagging on,
like we're never like, this is our hometown.
We like support our home team.
You know, it's like Dodgers suck, and then they win.
We love the Dodgers, so that's it.
You know, we never support them unless they're winners,
but we always have our Oscar parties.
And actually, Dark Soccer, I see you asking in chat,
does anyone in here live in or near Denver?
I believe Jason.
Okay, just because my friend's kitten,
she's actually put out a call for him.
He's got a blue cast on.
He's a black kitten, and his name is Logie.
And I don't think, oh, is Denver where the kitty disappeared?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't think Jason is in Denver.
I think he's in like, Colorado Springs,
or like, kind of out, like a suburb.
It'll be easy to see.
He's got like a light blue cast on his back leg.
I'm sure if Jason is still listening to the show,
he's probably had to board up all the windows and doors at this point
from all the rioting that is going on a mile high right now, so stay safe.
You're gonna look up to a scared Tiny Tim of cats.
I hope he gets recovered.
Any gaming going on for you, Marissa?
I don't know if there's anything you're playing?
Not right now.
I actually went through Fallout again.
Oh, nice.
I can't wait to actually play Fallout 4.
We still have a 360.
We're gonna upgrade eventually, but in celebration of that,
I went through Fallout 4.
I mean, through the two previous games,
and it's funny, you were talking about taking breaks in gaming.
When I really get into a game,
my break is finding up with some sort of lame save point excuse,
even when you can save anywhere,
to stall my boyfriend so I can continue to play.
That's my break.
It's like, honey, finish mission two hours later.
Oh, it's really tough.
I'm in a cut scene.
It's still going.
That's my break.
Get a drink.
Make an excuse.
That's a good story.
Use the bathroom.
You know what?
You bring up a really good point, too,
and something that came up this week
when I was talking to somebody else,
unaffiliated with the show or the network,
but I was talking about, you know, like,
oh, yeah, I play a lot of video games,
and I do this podcast, and I'm a big gamer,
and this friend I was talking to said,
well, I'm a gamer, too,
but I don't really own any of the news systems,
so I don't know if you would really consider me a gamer,
and I felt really bad because I was like,
of course you're still a gamer.
There's a lot of people.
I mean, PlayStation 4's only been out, like, two years, right?
Same thing with Xbox One.
Like, if you don't have the cutting-edge stuff, it's okay.
People got their priorities,
and there's a lot of people still loving their 360s
and their PlayStation 3s,
and there's a huge library on both those consoles
to catch up on and the Nintendo Wii, to be fair.
You can't get a lot of games for cheap now, yeah.
Yeah, exactly, and you can get them secondhand,
and they're cheap.
So I absolutely still consider everybody playing,
even if you're a generation behind,
or even two generations behind, screw it.
I want to say, when Raginator was first listening to OLR,
he was like, can I talk about Nintendo 64 games?
Because I'm, like, really behind,
and I'm like, of course you can,
because some people love retro stuff.
Why not?
That's true.
Like, if you get, like, you know,
a Jamie level, you know, massive room of games
and, like, museum type, then you're like,
to music, like, what the vinyl collector is, you know?
But, you know, I still think it's a conspiracy, though,
because my, um, I'm not the only one,
but, you know, our disk drive is starting to go.
I'm like, I swear to God, it's a conspiracy
to make a spot on Xbox One.
Isn't?
Yeah.
All of a sudden, now, it's starting to grind,
and we might go in there and mess with the belt, but, yeah.
And now they're coming out with all this new stuff, too,
where, oh, more games are backwards compatible.
Now the secret backwards compatibility is being added,
and I kind of can't wait
for the Castlevania Symphony of the Night myself,
because I would love to revisit that game again, but, yeah.
Funny.
Talking about cut scenes, I have to say this from chat.
Bobby in our chat room says,
I'm in a cut scene.
Oh, it's still going.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
This is Xenosaga.
Yeah, some games really do have, like, two hour cut scenes.
I would say Xenoblade Chronicles almost in that category
with some of those cut scenes.
Good lord.
No.
I tried to, I was like, can I save the game now?
Jesus.
Anyway.
That game is so good.
Yeah, it was pretty fun.
I was giving it a lot of shit in the beginning,
and rightfully so, but once you stick with it,
it gets pretty good.
Anyway, Marisa, always so lovely to hear from you.
Anything else you want to mention
before we let you go tonight?
I don't know if you guys covered the Annie's,
but, you know, that was more animation oriented.
But that's an interesting thing to check out.
That was last night.
Was it last night?
I wonder if our pals at Anime Jam Session
know about that, because that would be
a little probably more up their alley,
even though if it's more, if it's like,
but they talk, they get into the other stuff
just like we do here, too.
Especially since everyone is, you know, involved.
Especially, you know, the actors do both.
Yeah, true.
That's true.
Anybody you know win anything?
Oh, well, I don't have any updates on any of our buddies,
except I think you need to take classes, you know,
with Greg and David, and Greg is a sweetheart.
The most recent game that I know that he's done,
although I do know that he's done things since,
you know, is that he was in one of the loudspeakers
in Dishonored.
But there, you know, that's the luck of being where I live.
You know, I've taken classes with Charlie Adler,
so people could know his work from gaming,
but in animation he's huge, and he's amazing.
So, although I do welcome you to reach out to Andrew
at any time, too, if you ever want to have him
on the show again, or any guests.
Yeah, get some updates, figure out what's going on.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
All right.
Well, Marissa, I'm going to let you go
so we can see if we get any other callers tonight,
but thank you so much.
Always a pleasure to hear from you,
and I really, really hope to make it to L.A. soon.
There's still time.
All right.
Take care, my dear.
My best.
Bye.
All right.
And there goes Marissa.
We love hearing from her, though.
I am going to bow out.
That's right.
It is about that time.
It is.
Have a wonderful week.
How was I going to say?
Rest of your weekend, but there's not much left.
Enjoy the hour or two that's left.
You mean like the 45 minutes I have left before I have to go to bed?
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight before you go?
I wish I could sleep in tomorrow.
That's really my final thought.
Me too.
My strongest desire is to no longer be on morning shift.
Ah.
Well, hopefully you'll get to switcheroo it up soon.
All right.
Well.
Mid next month.
We will see you next week.
Maybe.
All right.
If I'm not dead.
Next week is a three-day weekend for me.
Lucky you.
I know.
Next Sunday is Valentine's day.
Oh, shit.
Oh, it's Valentine's day.
Are we doing a show?
I guess we're going to have to.
Well, I'll be here.
You'll be here.
I guess.
Will you be here, Loki?
Is life going to let you do a show on Valentine's day?
Probably.
All right.
Cool.
Good.
All right.
Well, because Alan and I always have the perspective of the restaurants are going to be a shit show
on Valentine's day.
So we'll go.
I took the day after off, so I can actually do the whole show.
Exactly.
We'll go the day before two days before two, like we'll do a dinner and call it our Valentine's
dinner.
We are just fine with that.
So that's what we do.
So rock on.
All right.
Well, thank you, dark soccer.
We'll see you in a week.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
And Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, yeah, I'll be here next week.
My girlfriend and I will do stuff Friday and Saturday, and then we're going up to mag fest.
So he's actually, I don't, have you mentioned that you're bringing your, your gal pal?
Uh, but yeah, they're, uh, they're going to be, uh, uh, at mag fest.
So, um, that'll be a, a really fun trip for them.
Sadly, Alan cannot come to mag fest cause it's an election year and his industry involves
selections and he's gonna be very, very, very busy.
So very cool.
Uh, one more shout out for calls.
One eight seven seven game of LR, excuse me, or I use him on Skype, orange lounge radio,
checking in with Loki for any last minute stories possibly while we wait for calls.
Sure thing.
Um, track media turbo has a release date.
Now it's going to be coming out March 22nd on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
And I just caught up on the trailer cause I completely forgot about this game.
And Holy shit.
Does that look amazing?
So I'm going to have to probably pick that up when it comes out.
Um, GameStop is publishing a game.
That's kind of scary.
Um, yes, apparently, um, they're going to be publishing song of the deep.
It's a 2d underwater Metrovania game and it's going to be out on PC, PlayStation four and
Xbox one.
And you saw who it's made by ratchet and clank people.
Yep.
Insomniac.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, not so excited about GameStop being a publisher, but we'll see how that works out.
And last but not least humble, but humble monthly bundle has 70,000 subscribers.
I didn't think there'd be that many people picking random games that are going to be,
you know, in a bundle without being announced prior to that.
But apparently people are excited about that.
And I guess the, let's see, which games do they have actually as part of the bundles?
For example, February, they had alien isolation, Titan souls, broken age volume, um, Panaria
dropsy and elephant in the room, I guess, which is a humble original.
That's kind of cool.
Actually, I'm, I, if I was a fan of alien isolation, that'd be kind of worth it.
But that's it.
Sorry, buy me a little time.
All right.
Um, I'm one of the reasons I was getting unity kind of up and running again was I was going
to be working on another concept game.
Cause like I said, I want to get done with just the whole, it's on the car thing and
it's not quite to the level that I want it to be.
Maybe I might have to redo it in unity five, but I just kind of just want to get something
done at this point so I can move on to something else.
I'm back.
Sorry.
Business things I got to do while the show's going on.
I'm multitasking.
Unfortunately, one of those things is no more calls coming in.
So sadly, uh, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Uh, but if you, uh, heard this, you know, later, you think of something later on, don't
forget, you can always email us, participate at orange launch radio.com.
You can always send us a tweet as well at OLR.
I do read them all, even if I don't respond to each and every one here on air.
Um, that is going to do it though.
For another episode of orange Laundrio, we say here every week, thank you for checking
out the show.
We really do appreciate you checking it out.
All we ask, tell a friend about the show, help spread the word because that's all we
have is word of mouth.
Um, you know, tell a friend or two about the show that's going to help us get our name
out there and expand our family even more.
We really appreciate it.
A five star review on a site where you found this show, perhaps iTunes or stitcher radio.
Those go a long way as well.
So we really appreciate those.
Um, anyhow, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Hey Shane, thanks for being here two weeks in a row.
Appreciate it.
Hope you enjoyed the wine.
I'm starting.
I'm still finish it.
No, I'm still working on it.
I'm grateful.
You're just waiting for spaghetti.
Yeah.
All right.
Alan's making spaghetti tonight.
A late dinner.
So it's exciting.
All right.
Um, like your final thought though, Shane, while you're still here.
Two things.
One, Diablos and Bahamut are jerks in explorers because they're not giving me the ability
to make my scythe in this game.
And two, forget Valentine's day.
That day is also the premiere of the new Super Sentai Ju-o-ger.
There's just too much going on on Valentine's day.
Yes.
New OLR.
Yeah.
Mostly Ju-o-ger.
Which I guess also means, I didn't even think about this, that means the, uh, the three
shows announcements is going to be on Valentine's day, but that's all right.
We'll, we'll have more people there next week than we did tonight.
So, uh, anyway, uh, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Um, I got a lot of time to ingress now.
Good.
Clean up the neighborhood.
There's still some blue.
Uh, I'll get you some, clean up my neighborhood.
I'll get you some bursters.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading the show or listening to it live or however you
consumed it.
Uh, be nice to each other while you play online.
Don't be a jerk.
It's re you're all nerds.
Be nice to the people you're playing with.
We're gonna, uh, see you in seven days and, uh, have a happy and safe Valentine's day.
We'll talk to you though.
And if you're one of those, you know, people that are like, well, I celebrate singles awareness
day.
That's okay.
We'll have a party for you too.
Next week.
Seven days.
See you then.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
