Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Pokemon Turn 20, showing no signs of slowing down, the cycle of releases continues as the next Pokemon games have already been announced.
We'll bring you the details on this and the rest of the week's gaming news, and it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 632 for this February the 28th of 2016.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining you here live from lovely Studio N7 in Sacramento, California,
where we are live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, VOG Network.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
And joining me on this adventure is my co-pilot, DarkSakura, or Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
Hi. She's the femme chef of this show.
And she has some hair to kind of match right now, a little bit.
This is my favorite chair in the studio.
She's enjoying her recliner over there. How are you, DarkSakura?
I'm alright.
We are back after a week off. I was out in the Washington, D.C. area last week for MAGFest, which I'll talk about here shortly.
But did you enjoy a week off from OLR, DarkSakura?
I sure did.
Yeah? What'd you do?
I did jack shit.
You said you and the hubby were cleaning the vault a little bit.
Well, that was today.
Oh, that was today.
And it was mostly him and me just kind of watching and taking pictures and putting them on Instagram.
As the supervisor should do, directing and watching.
Well, the cat was being the supervisor, really.
She's just like, I'm supervising you, but you're not putting food in my mouth.
Meow, meow, meow, meow.
And then she's like, she's like been doing this thing lately.
We're like, I'll sit down. And it used to be she'd just sit on my lap and purr, purr, purr, get up when she's done.
You know, she just fucks off into the night.
Now she sits on my lap angrily.
She thrashes around and then tries to bite my hand when I pet her.
But she won't get up.
I'm like, cat, if you don't want to be on my lap, why are you on my lap?
The joys of owning a cat or the joys of a cat owning you.
Whatever.
She's a brat.
Wait, back to the vault thing for a minute here.
So you were mentioning, you are going to be, and for those that might be newer to OLR,
Dark Soccer and The Hubby have a stash of classic modern game stuff called The Vault.
It's an entire room. At one point it was an entire room in their house of just,
I would call it crap, but it's awesome crap because it's like gaming.
It's a lot of stuff.
Yeah. But so you're finally trimming it down a little bit.
But you said you're getting rid of like duplicates. Like you have four Coleco Visions.
No, I have two Coleco Visions.
Oh, excuse me. Excuse me.
One of them is the same one I had as a kid.
The other one is one that we bought later when I was working at the former money store.
Which is amazing that they still work.
Well, yeah. I mean, well, they, they built them kind of,
the less complicated the mechanics are, the longer it stands to reason it's going to work, you know.
But we're thinking about like getting together, like whole sets and eBaying them.
Or making them available to listeners if they want to, to buy them from us.
Buy my crap.
Seriously. Cause I mean like, cause then, you know, we can put it in the, into the,
send Jamie to X convention fund.
Dragon Con girl, you got to go sometime.
They would, they would love you at Dragon Con. I'm telling you, love you.
I might, that might be a thing.
Maybe I'll have to break out the Grey Warden for that.
I like that. There you go. Now you're talking. Now you're talking.
Also joining us also here with me every week on this lovely show, Sunday nights.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Fine.
How was your week off from the show?
I went and saw Deadpool.
Did you?
Yes.
Alan's been begging me to go take him to see you at night.
I was going to take him yesterday morning, but I was like,
I want to go in the morning for a matinee and there's less teenagers there.
And then what happened? I slept for 14 hours Friday night.
14 hours. Loki, have you ever slept for 14 hours?
Nope.
Especially since the kids came around.
14 minutes. Yes.
14 hours because I was, I was sick at magfest and just,
I honestly think that was the first full night sleep I'd gotten in like two weeks.
Maybe 14 hours in a week.
Sorry to rub it in, but yeah.
So we didn't end up seeing Deadpool because I slept for 14 hours.
But how was Deadpool?
It was excellent.
Yeah.
I loved it.
I'm such a uncool kid. I'm like the only one who hasn't seen it yet, but soon, soon.
I still never saw it.
I love James Bond movies and I never went to go see Spectre.
I just out of it. Isn't it all blue right now?
I think so.
Jeez. I'm behind the times. I need to get with it.
And with it.
Uh, so, uh, so you went and saw Deadpool with your night off?
Yeah.
You didn't go out and make triangles and ingress? I would have figured that.
No, I did both.
Oh, you did both. Of course. Of course.
At the movie theater, you had to hack.
Yeah.
Awesome.
We are going to be at the Sacramento Indie Game Arcade show that's coming up on April 9th, I believe is the day.
It's a Saturday. I think it's like the second weekend in April.
We're going to be there at the Indie Arcade. We did this last year. We're going to do it again this year.
Although I know they've been kind of trying to convince Loki to be a part of it and showing a game is time to card.
You think you might make it?
I'm not working on that anymore.
Oh, oh.
At least not right now.
Excuse me.
I was trying to work on something else, but I don't think mentally I'm just not capable of doing it right now.
Like, I think yesterday, it's just too distracting. My environment, I'm too tired to do it.
Like, I was trying to program while the wife was watching Fuller House.
Which is awesome, by the way.
It's pretty good.
If you're expecting a fucking Emmy-worthy TV series, you're not going to get it.
It is just as bad as it was in 1990. That's what's awesome about it. It's so bad it's good.
It's alright. We were almost done with everything. We've watched 12 of the 13 episodes. I'm sure she'll be finishing it tonight.
Dude, I'm sorry. Stephanie is just exposed in a lot of that show to a distracting mirror.
Like, the first episode, I can't even tell you what happened in it because it was just her fucking tits the entire time.
It was ridiculous.
It's a little weird because it's like, I grew up with you.
But it's funny though because they poke fun at themselves in the show and they also poke fun at stuff like that.
I was impressed at what a good comedic actress Jodie Sweetin turned out to be because she didn't really do anything after Full House except a lot of drugs.
But, thankfully, she's cleaned up and she's got a great recovery story, wrote a book about it and all that stuff.
She's really done a lot. So, it's really cool that people can see she's actually, I would say, she's kind of one of the better people on the show.
That and, what is it, Kimmy's husband or ex-husband or separated husband. He's hilarious.
Oh, Fernando or something?
Fernando, yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, okay.
My wife couldn't stop laughing at, like, who gives stationery for a birthday gift?
That is my mother. It's her go-to gift since she got fired from the stationery store for stealing all the stationery.
And for some reason, she thought that was hilarious.
Now, I never in a million years thought that OLR would start off one week with Loki and I sitting here discussing the finer points of the Full House sequel.
But, here we are.
It's not bad. It was, like, the first episode, like, if I was to judge it on the first episode alone, I was like, holy shit, this is way, way too cringy.
It was, like, it was incredibly cringy.
You have to stick with it until, like, the third episode when it's, like, random 90s singer who disappeared forever cameo. And it's like, the fuck is this? But this is awesome.
What, Millie Vanilli shows up?
No, minor spoiler alert, Macy Gray.
Oh my god.
Right?
And just, like, it just gets, the whole show just keeps getting weirder. Like, they...
Isn't that the I'm Like a Bird?
No, that was Nellie Furtado, dear.
Macy Gray was a, I try to say goodbye and not choke. Remember?
Yeah.
She got the very distinctive voice. She's awesome, though. And it was, it was kind of awesome to see her in the show being just as big of a cornball as everybody else. I don't know, it was awesome.
Maybe I'll watch it.
It's on Netflix. Why not?
Let's see. And of course, Dark Soccer and Loki join myself, Rob Roberts, here in studio every single week. But you guys join us in the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live at the Voice Geeks Network Sunday nights right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
If you are listening live, join us and chat live.vognetwork.com where Eric RPG was referring to Loki's review of Fuller House as Titty House. That's apparently what it is.
Like that first episode, and she also ends up naked in another episode as well.
She's not naked!
She is in a tub of tomato juice, not wearing any clothes.
DungeonBuster in chat says, waiting for Netflix to resurrect Airwolf and turn the helicopter into a drone. You know what, that seems to be the thing to do now is that 90 shows are like, they're not just being rebooted, they're just fucking coming back for a new season.
You know, Full House, you call these new seasons.
The X-Files?
X-Files was a thing, and by the way, if you've been watching X-Files, you gotta check out the TV reviews at vognetwork.com. Critical Myth and his team have been breaking down all those episodes.
Nice, cheap plug, right?
And Twin Peaks, which I'm so fucking excited about, is coming back. I'm so excited about the new Twin Peaks.
But yeah, what other shows would come back? How about Baywatch?
No, Northern Exposure should come back.
Okay, now did you catch this? I caught this when I was watching, it was actually one of the last episodes.
I'm only on like episode 3 of Full House.
Oh, okay, well, there's a part where they're talking about, like, it's Steve and DJ, they're going out on a date or something like that, and so he's like, yeah, I've got Atlantis playing in the car.
He's like, you'll never believe what that song is about. You know, it's hilarious, you know, in the context of the shows.
Yes.
Let's see, go into the chat, live.vognetwork.com, s2100matt says they are bringing back Baywatch. Get out, really?
But the Hoff's not gonna be in it. Pamela Anderson won't be in it, it won't be the same.
See, at least Twin Peaks actually has, you know, what's his name, I can't remember in the moment, Kyle McLaughlin. Thank you, Cooper.
Kyle McLaughlin's gonna be back in that. Full House has the original actors and actresses for better and for worse.
It's pretty, I don't know, it's pretty awesome. Anyway, I know you guys are here to hear us talk about video games, so we are gonna get into some game discussion tonight.
I do want to talk briefly, though, about the week off. We weren't here last week because I was in Washington, D.C.
I was at a convention that I think a lot of you on the East Coast know, but maybe not as many of you on the West Coast are aware of.
MagFest, a music and games fest, which took place in National Harbor, Maryland, over last weekend.
It was on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, but Sunday was, like, done by two.
I have to be honest, I'm not sure why they bothered with Sunday, because there was very little that happened on Sunday, but I digress.
Overall, I had a great time at the convention. It was truly one of my favorite conventions that I've been to.
And Bobby and I talked about this a little bit on the throw call at the end of his episode.
He called it a festival. I call it a convention. I really don't...
It's a ConVestable.
It's a tomato, tomato thing to me.
ConVestable.
Yeah. My thing is, do people convene there? Yes, it's a convention.
But anyway, whatever you want to call it, it's a lot like Penny Arcade Expo without the commercialism that it's turned into and the exhibitors.
MAGFest is a celebration of games and the music that gaming has inspired, essentially.
You're not going to get cutting edge, like, you're not going to have Nintendo there announcing things.
You're not going to have Blizzard with a newly playable game.
About the newest thing that was there was Street Fighter V, because it had come out that Tuesday, so it was already in the console room for people to play against each other.
That's really it. But it was really otherwise a celebration of gaming.
They have a huge arcade room, and growing up on music games, being that this is what this show was started on all these years ago, I have to say, I was impressed.
I have never, and keep in mind, we used to drive to Los Angeles to go to Arcade Infinity back in the day.
I have never seen so many music games in one place.
That was very impressive. Just like 10 different DDR machines, Para Para, whatever the Dance Masters Connect thing that turned into in the arcade, that was there.
Neon FM, which I was like, oh my god, it is a real machine. I'd never seen one. There was Neon FM there.
Did you play it?
No, here's the weird thing. I didn't play a lot in the arcade, all things considered. I was busy doing other stuff.
I just thought you would play Neon FM just to try it.
There was a big line. There was a lot of lines for stuff. Really, I played the new DDR, but I just played an old song on it because I was so overwhelmed with the new song choices.
I was just like, well, I'm going to pick one I know. So I played Ecstasy, and I was like, I remember this song being a 7-footer, and now it's a 10?
I was like, alright, and I played it, and it was the same step chart, but adjusted for age because I was having an asthma attack practically by the end of it, but it was still a lot of fun.
Somebody snapped a picture of myself and Jonko from Koopa Club playing DDR, so that was that.
But then they had Killer Queen, which just always was swamped. They had some classic machines, too.
I couldn't get the Tron to work, though, which was kind of a bummer. I don't know what was going on with that, but they had a lot of classic games, too.
The arcade was very impressive, I will say that. But it's weird, even admittedly, that I didn't spend a lot of time in the arcade.
They had a great indie showcase. They had a ton of indie developers that were there showing off their game.
Our buddy YYR did end up with a space at the last minute. Somebody didn't show up. They were there on Friday, and then they didn't show up on Saturday, so he got the space.
I was kind of surprised, like, why wouldn't you come back? But, I don't know, for whatever the reason, hey, I'm happy for YYR, so he took that space and was showing some games the rest of the weekend.
But there was a lot of great indie stuff, and I got to play some things that I probably wouldn't have been aware of otherwise.
Did you just play multitasking?
I did play multitasking, and it is a lot of fun. It's on 360, and I'm going to give YYR this shout-out, because he's always been very supportive of OLR.
Multitasking is on Greenlight, and I really would love to see this get support. So please, we never ask for your money here at OLR, except to enlist in a charity thing or something.
But go to Greenlight, search for multitasking, and give it your vote so that YYR can get his game on Steam, because this game is really a lot of fun.
And I want to see him encouraged to keep developing it, and come up with more mini-games for it, and so forth.
So I know it got a really good response at MAGFest, so I really want to see him succeed.
So please take a moment to go to Greenlight, and just search for multitasking, and get that voted on there.
Somebody will have the link in chat shortly, I'm sure. Oh, thank you, S. Jonah. Already ahead of me, putting that link there.
Excellent. I did some panels, which were some good, some not so good, which you're going to come into at any convention.
You know I was really excited about the Clue VCR game thing, right? Because I remember that from the 80s, growing up and playing that.
I think the person running the tournament had never actually played the game, so that did feel a little bit disorganized, disjointed.
But, you know what, it takes a lot of guts to get up there in front of people and run something for prizes like that.
So I don't want to throw too much shade, but maybe two people could have done it next time, or I don't know.
And then the documentary about that was pretty good, too.
I did see a couple other panels. I saw the panel, it escapes me in the moment.
There was another panel I saw that wasn't so good, and I'm not going to say what it was, but it was a topic that I was hoping to be more encouraged about.
But it was just a lot of in-jokes and things that felt a little bit stale to me. So I was just, I don't know, I was a little let down by that.
But yeah, I sound negative, but I'm really not. I actually had a really great time. A lot of great people, I met so many good people.
The music, what they had going on with the music was phenomenal. It was a great setup in the ballroom.
They had a stage A and a stage B, so that way while people were performing on one stage, the other stage could set up so they could keep going back and forth.
Like there was no break like you would expect at a concert. And I will say, the concert that really was just above and beyond amazing was Journey Live.
Austin Wintory was there actually directing an orchestra of people that were playing the soundtrack to Journey as somebody was playing Journey.
So what they did, they disabled the music and just had the sound effects in the game. And it was amazing. I maybe shed a manly tear or two.
I just thought it was so amazingly well done. That made the whole trip worth it, if nothing else. I thought Journey Live was worth the whole thing right there.
I was very pleasantly surprised when somebody showed up in the game. Apparently the Playstation 4 they were playing on was connected.
We all had a good laugh when a trophy was earned in the game. Everybody laughed because you don't expect that.
But then another player showed up. And it was not until the last chapter when another player showed up.
And it was just another moment of like, oh my gosh, they're online. And this person has no idea that they are playing Journey for the guy that wrote the music and a room of thousands of people.
I wonder how many Playstation messages that guy got when it was over. Or girl, who knows.
But I loved the Journey Live thing. That was awesome. I saw a couple other bands too. I saw the 1Ups, a little bit of that.
I saw I Fight Dragons was good. That was a fun show. But I was sick through a lot of the convention.
So it kind of killed my mood to like, oh, I want to jump around and be with a bunch of other people.
I had some sinus-y, gross, sore throat thing going on. Lucky me, I was sick. So if you got sick at MAGFest, sorry, it was probably me. I'm patient zero.
I really tried my best to not touch a lot of things and be sanitizer and all that stuff. But I didn't really want to totally ruin my convention either.
But I had a really good time. I will definitely try to go again next year. I hear the timing may be different next year. So we'll have to see how that all plays out.
But I had a really good time. I do hope though, I hope they are able to solve, I guess they had some major parking issues.
Since I flew in and took Lyft, it didn't really matter to me. I didn't notice any of the parking issues. But I guess they had some really bad parking issues.
And I do sort of think for a convention, okay, the hotel, gorgeous, gorgeous hotel. One of the best I've ever seen for a convention, period.
But not a lot of food options around. And I have a feeling because the hotel is so nice and has such expensive restaurants in it, they probably put the kibosh on a lot of the cheaper options.
But I really think that needs to be loosened up a little bit. Especially if you're going to get many more people at that convention.
Because you really have to either bring in your own food or buy something at CVS Pharmacy when they're open and make it last the day.
Because a lot of the places around there, they're good, but they're expensive. It's just not the type of thing you'd expect to eat at a convention.
Imagine if the only place you could eat was Ruth Chris Steakhouse. It's good, but you can't really eat every meal there.
So I hope they do have some more options. Maybe a few more food trucks and all that in the future. We'll see what happens with that.
I just found something on Steam, by the way. I went to go look up to vote on YYR's game. I found Bear Simulator.
Did you?
It's a game where you're a bear. That's it.
Why not?
I can't. I'm done.
Some folks in chat over at live.voguenetwork.com were talking about the Clue VCR game thing.
And SG100Matt pointing out, Rob yelled during the Clue VCR tournament,
Just accuse YOLO!
That did happen. Because it wasn't going to end.
And they were like, should we accuse? Should we accuse?
And I was like, just accuse, YOLO!
I was proud of myself. And Bobby and I were totally quoting the lines.
Keep in mind, the Clue VCR game, not the same thing as Clue the movie.
I am your singing telegram. Nope, that's the movie.
Which is phenomenal in itself, but that's not what this was.
This is the Clue VCR game.
I was never in Sumatra.
That whole type of thing.
Clue VCR game is quotable in its own cheesy way.
Raginator in chat over at live.voguenetwork.com says,
How did you like the East Coast winter weather while at MAGFest?
It was fine. I've had colder days in Sacramento.
I guess the weather treated me pretty good out there while I was there.
There was still some snow on the ground, but not just clumpy snow in different places.
Ermagerd snur.
Yeah, pretty much.
So, there you go. I had a good time at MAGFest.
Kudos to the organizers.
I heard there were some bumps in the roads with things like autographs and things like that.
But I honestly didn't notice any of it.
I had a really good time at the con.
I think as far as celebrating games, that is what happened.
And there was just a lot to see and do and a great crowd.
But really, the Colossus yell might be kind of done.
It's time for a new thing, I think.
That's the only negative thing I can say about the crowd.
What's the Colossus yell?
It's from the old X-Men game.
Like it just gets louder and louder as everybody in the room does it.
And I'm just like, OK, stop.
It was funny the first night. Please stop it.
So, there you go.
Alright, that was MAGFest.
So, we're going to talk about our gaming weeks.
But real quick, I wanted to talk about the Pokemon birthday that happened over the weekend.
Pokemon turned 20 years old over the weekend, you guys.
I don't know if that makes you feel old. It makes me feel a little old.
Because I remember when the Pokemon anime was first coming stateside and watching all those.
I was more into the anime than the video game, which is a weird thing for me to say.
That never happens, but it did with Pokemon.
We went to the theater to see the movie.
Me too. We were the only people in the theater.
You and I went.
Not for the first movie. That was me and Precious.
We went and saw the second or third one together.
Yeah, it was one of the other ones, but you and I went.
We did. I think we saw the third one together.
Yeah.
But, yeah.
I don't remember what happened in it.
How do you feel? Neither do I.
Apparently, they were all streaming on Twitch yesterday.
They had like, instead of Twitch Plays Pokemon, they had a Twitch Watches Pokemon.
And so, it was kind of like the Bob Ross thing.
It was just, we're going to have a marathon with the chat.
And so, I only caught it at the tail end.
So, unfortunately, you get to watch a lot of it.
But, I guess they did like all the movies back to back to back.
And I was kind of surprised that they had the rights to do that.
But, at the same time, you know, those movies are very old at this point.
So, I guess it's no big deal.
I still like Digimon better to this day.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, as far as anime goes, I think Digimon had a better plot.
I just want to quickly mention here in the chat because
S.G.O. and Hunter Matt is trying to explain the whole Colossus yell.
The story is that one of the original Magfests, the arcade room, had four X-Men arcade machines.
That was a huge thing at the time and the audio was pumped up.
So, whenever Colossus used his super, you would get the roar.
It happened so much, it became a thing.
Alright, well, we have new arcade games to make things of.
I'm just saying. I'm just saying.
Maybe I'm old. Get off my lawn. I don't know.
Anyway, Pokemon.
Dark Star, do you have a favorite Pokemon out of the, what, 700 that there are now?
Do you have a favorite out of all the Pokemon?
It's a toss-up because I really like Raichu.
But, I'd probably say Eevee.
Actually, no, no, no. What's the one?
Ninetales.
Vulpix?
Whichever one has the Ninetales.
I think that's Vulpix.
No, I think there is one called Ninetales.
Is there one called Ninetales? Okay.
Because, oh, hold on. Now I have to look.
Just because it's adorable? That's the reason why I like it the most?
No, because I love Kitsune.
Oh, no, Act F does say there is one named Ninetales.
Yeah, which is based off of Kitsune.
Okay.
Which is a fox with Ninetales.
Alright.
And I like mythology.
I'll have to Google the picture because I'm not thinking it off the top of my head.
I'll find it for you.
My favorite Pokemon, I'm going to go with a classic.
I'm going to go with one that's kind of mainstream, but I don't give a shit because she's my favorite.
Jigglypuff is my favorite Pokemon.
And that all is about the anime and how when people fell asleep she would draw on their face with a marker
because she would sing, they'd fall asleep, she'd get really pissed off that people were sleeping,
so she'd draw on their face with a marker.
I always love that.
So Jigglypuff is by far my favorite Pokemon.
But there's other ones I love too.
What about you, Loki? Favorite Pokemon?
Come on, I'm dying to know.
I don't watch Pokemon, but my favorite Pokemon has to be Gendo.
Gendo.
I like that.
It's Gendo.
Have you ever seen the Evangelion parody that came from?
Yes, that's where I referenced that from.
Oh, that's right. I freaking love that whole thing.
Act F is pointing out that Ninetales is a Vulpix evolution, so I was close.
I was very close.
Here's your dang picture, Rab.
What was the first Pokemon game you ever played, Darcyra?
Red?
Red.
Dan played red, I played blue.
Mine was actually yellow. I didn't get into it until after the anime.
And I had the little Game Boy color that was a little cheek for Pikachu.
So when you turned it on, the little cheek lit up red. It was adorable.
I'm just saying.
I had the little Pikachu walker.
The yellow one where he'd bop around on the screen and you could feed him.
And he was like the Digimon Tamagotchi knockoff.
Because Digimon and Tamagotchi came out first.
So are they coming up with any new Pokemon?
Because it seems like they only come up with a couple new ones each time a new game comes out.
Like actual new Pokemon?
Yeah.
Well, I think we're going to get into the games they announced this week in a little bit here.
And I'm pretty sure that's going to come with a new series of Pokemon.
Like when X and Y came out, they had new Pokemon in them.
So each new generation does have new ones in it.
So I'm sure whatever comes with the new generation will have stuff too.
And don't forget, we have Pokemon Go coming up soon.
Dear Tigerclaw, Digimon is not a clone of Pokemon.
Digimon came out. No, no. Here's your thing.
Tamagotchi led to Digimon come out.
Because it's made by the same company.
Digimon was a versus version of Tamagotchi.
And the anime came out after all that came out.
So learn your history when it comes to Digimon.
Mic drop.
Isn't that interesting?
You know, that's almost like a moment of Beatmania 2DX just ripped off Guitar Hero.
Remember that whole review that was on, what, X-Play or something?
And where all of us that knew better about what had happened in Japan are sitting here going,
Fuck off!
You know, and that whole thing.
So people here in the States probably didn't know any better.
Do you think it's possible that maybe Digimon was brought over here to the US because of Pokemon's success?
I mean, would maybe that be a fair thing to say?
No, because we had Tamagotchi.
Yeah, that's true.
I mean, think about it. The whole Digimon anime might have come about because of the Pokemon anime.
But Digimon was a completely different thing.
It never existed as a game until much later, until after the anime had been out.
I see.
As if memory serves me right.
And on top of that, I've got one of the WonderSwan games and a couple of the PlayStation ones.
And I liked the PlayStation one because it was actually a full battler and everything, a couple of them.
But no, they had completely different evolutions.
The movie was pretty terrible though.
It actually was really good if you watched the Japanese one.
No, I only saw the US movie.
I've actually got both of the movies. They're really good.
Rama in our chat over at live.vognetware.com says,
In Before Monster Rancher.
Anyhow, let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of things we have been playing this week.
Pokemon or no? Who knows? We're going to see.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Come to think of it, I never did see the US one.
I don't think.
You're probably better off, let's be real.
Yeah, because I imported them. Never mind.
Anyway, my gaming week. I got Danganronpa, finally.
Which I can play on my Mac. I'm happy because then I can take it to work and look at the weirdness.
God, that game is freaky.
And I love it. I love it so much because it's so fucked up.
It's like someone took the formula for Phoenix Wright and made a really fucked up story.
And I love it. It's great.
Also, I want a plushie of Monokuma. So, end of story.
I also played some Dragon Age Inquisition.
I haven't touched any more Dragon's Dogma.
I played some Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer.
A crapload of Heroes of Dragon Age.
And Neko Atsume. Which isn't really a game so much as just collecting cats.
But I got Guy Furi today.
And I got, like, the Cat Maid Girl.
I have not played that game. It's on my phone, ready to go.
Rob!
I know, I haven't played it. I'm so uncool.
Rob!
What?
But there's so many kitties.
Yeah, I know.
And you see their little buttholes.
Yes, I'm aware.
I know it's called Neko Atsume or whatever, but it's really kitty butthole.
It's really cat butthole.
It's really cat butthole simulator. That's what it is.
It should be called, what, Nekoshiri.
So, cat butt. There you go. Cat butts the game.
Alright. Is that it for your gaming week? Cat butts?
Cat butts.
Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
I mainly just...
Ingress.
Ingress.
That's a good one.
I guess that's what I'm saying.
That's alright.
I mainly just played Lego Avengers.
Just to unlock more stuff than that because my son keeps bitching about how he doesn't have enough characters to play.
Most of them are just kind of repeats of each other, but whatever.
So I'm almost done with that.
I've unlocked all the characters that are in all the other hub worlds except for Manhattan because that's the largest one.
And then I've gone through most of the levels as well.
So that's just a matter of just finishing it.
I bought the season pass for Fallout 4 because that's going to be going up in price here pretty soon and the DLC looks pretty awesome.
So hopefully they'll check out in a few weeks. I think it's when the next piece of DLC comes out.
And then, aside from that, I've been trying to program stuff and using Unity 5 and liking that it's using Microsoft Visual Studio instead of stupid other programs.
Yeah, I think I've known that in Ingress a little bit.
I've been mainly just to and from work, but I haven't really had a lot of time.
I played a little bit on the way here though.
There wasn't much for me to do though.
I was going to take down a few fields and one of them I got to, someone already beat me to it by a few seconds.
And then the other one I took down, but it's not anywhere near me.
But whatever, I did it.
And that was it. I'm running out of gear again.
Alright, we'll get our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Act F is calling Nico Atsume the take pics of cat butts the game.
Here it is.
Seattle in chat is wondering what the fuck ever happened to Monster Rancher. That's a good question.
I don't know, it was pretty awesome though.
Pokemon killed them all. That was it, the end.
My gaming week.
Well, since I had a flight I got to do some handheld gaming.
So I played some more Final Fantasy Monster Rancher basically and played that.
And that was good. I finally got the stupid Summoning Case.
That mission is the hardest because it's half luck based.
But finally once I got past that I was able to do some more missions.
That was fun.
At MAGFest I did some local co-op with some friends.
That was really fun that we got to do that.
So yeah, that was fun.
So I got to explore that a little bit.
Pun intended.
A little more this week.
Also, I've been playing a lot of Final Fantasy XIV because there was a patch this week.
So a pretty major patch hit Final Fantasy XIV and it adds more story.
There's two more dungeons.
There's a new raid.
There's a new Primal fight.
So there's really a lot of content that was sort of badly needed.
So I'm really glad that they've been addressing the content drought.
So I'm hoping they can keep the inertia going into their inevitable next expansion.
Since we know that Square is doing another Fan Fest this year for Final Fantasy XIV,
we know there's going to be expansion at some point probably in the next year.
So hopefully they can keep the inertia going because there's a lot of great stuff in XIV still.
It's just people that were playing it aggressively had a long time to wait for anything new.
So I'm glad that they're finally on top of that again.
And they're shutting down 11 for consoles next month.
They are.
I got the email about that and the little reminder.
It made me a little sad.
I was like, oh, good times.
So yeah, Final Fantasy XI no longer on consoles as of next month.
Don't they still be bringing up the phones or something at some point?
That's supposed to be the thing is that somehow it's going to be on phones, but it'll still be on PC.
The game is not shutting down.
PC will still be out there.
And honestly, hopefully that will be better for the game because maybe they can do some graphic upgrades and release that on PC.
But then again, supposedly development has stopped on 11.
They're not going to do more expansions or anything like that.
So I don't know.
Well, you know, with the phone market being largely free to play.
Yeah, good luck with that.
Good luck with that.
Dream on.
We'll see.
Speaking of Final Fantasy XIV in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, please no read in chat says that reminds me of Final Fantasy XIV and the Power Man 5000 controversy.
Yeah, I haven't done the new fight myself, but I did watch a YouTube that has the music in it.
Okay, so the music in XIV is badass.
And a lot of it is very themed for different fights.
Like the Titan song is this rock song.
Get it, rock?
But it's like an awesome little rock song that plays really fast.
It kind of goes like that.
It's great.
And then when you fight Ravana, which is one of the newer bosses, it's like a Russian waltz that plays during it.
It's really cool.
Well, for this new one, Separat, not Separat, Separat is the new primal or whatever that they have in it.
And it has nothing to do with Separat.
It's like a world tree or something as you fight.
I believe Separat was an Esper in VI.
I could be wrong, but I think that was the thing.
But anyway, the music during the second phase of the fight is industrial.
So it's like a Nine Inch Nails sounding song or like, you know, stabbing westward in the 90s or whatever.
Or I guess if you're the lead singer of Power Man 5000, you kind of think, you know, the first minute of the song sounds an awful like When Worlds Collide, which was their one hit they had in the 90s.
So I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I guess they're a little similar, but a lot of industrial music has similar openings.
I don't know.
I think it was a big mountain out of a molehill.
And that guy posted that thing.
And then, of course, the Final Fantasy fandom attacked his Facebook like, you ignorant bastard, blah, blah, blah.
And then, you know, I don't know.
So it was a little weird.
SG100Matt says, wow, didn't think Power Man 5000 would be mentioned in the news.
Yep, that was a thing that happened this week.
Go check that.
Check out his Facebook page.
It happened.
Anyway.
So also, one other thing.
This is very important.
A lot of you have been waiting for this.
So there was some maintenance on 14.
I couldn't play every day this week because, you know, when there's new patches, there's always going to be some maintenance.
So I was like, what do I play tonight?
I need to find a game to play.
So I was like, let's catch up on the Steam backlog.
So I finally played Undertale.
That's right.
Finally, after all this time, I finally installed and played Undertale.
Boy, did it take me a minute to figure out why the fucking thing wouldn't launch.
I had the big, like, I kept launching it and it was just automatically closed.
Launch, closed.
Launch, closed.
I was like, what the hell?
Like, I'm not able to play this game.
I don't understand.
Well, apparently, you cannot use the Steam beta and play Undertale.
You have to drop out of the beta, install the regular client, and then you can play Undertale.
Really?
Yeah, that was weird.
I'm running the beta and I've been playing it.
Maybe it depends on your system or something.
But that was the trick.
Once I dropped out of the beta, it worked fine.
Weird, right?
Very weird.
But finally, once I figured that out, I'm not going to totally hold that against the game.
It was just a weird, frustrating thing.
But once I got into the game, I played through the prologue and a little past that, right?
You know, there's a whole, like, for those that play the game, there's a whole little opening sequence.
And then you get the official Undertale.
And then there's a little more that happens after that.
I can really best define my reaction to Undertale with a classic meme.
And that would be the What Lady.
Yes, that's the, if you just put what, w-a-t lady into Google, that was me playing Undertale.
And that's the infamous older lady that may or may not have teeth looking into the lens who's wearing some big blue muumuu and it just says what underneath it.
And that was me playing Undertale.
That's not necessarily a bad thing, but the whole time I was like, what?
But I can see why this game has its fans.
Right from the very beginning, there's a little scene with a flower and it's like, I'm a happy flower that's gonna help you on your adventure.
And then the flower goes, and I want you to die! Die, die, die!
And all this crazy stuff and it turns into a mean face and so forth.
I will say, the writing is pretty witty.
And there's just, like, it's got this very ironically underbelly of this really dark stuff on top of the fluffy surface.
Like, what do I mean by that? The big character that's with you in the prologue, what's her name?
The character that is just like a mother?
Toriel.
Toriel?
Toriel.
Toriel. You can even call her mom if you want.
You can also kill her.
You can! But that's the one thing about Undertale that's been spoiled for me.
And if you want zero spoilers, mute real quick, give me 30 seconds.
Okay, the one thing that's been spoiled for me is the fact that you can play completely passively or you can play kill everything, basically.
Or you can play middle of the road.
Or you can play middle of the road.
Which is always recommended, play middle of the road to start.
But knowing in the back of my mind that passive is a thing that you can do, that's how I've been playing it so far.
So I've been trying to chat everything to death, basically.
Which is interesting. I will say, to Undertale's credit, I like that the battle system is something a little different than just fight, run, walk, that whole thing.
Yet it still feels old school.
You have this little dot and you want to avoid all the other dots.
What do you call that in gaming? It's just collision detection, basically.
The whole battle system is collision detection.
You might be fighting a boss and all these pickles or something fly at you.
But the green one will restore health if you can grab it, but all the others are bad.
I thought it was a neat little twist on the classic RPG engine.
Yeah, I understand why people are super into Undertale.
Because it's kind of fucked up.
But like, you know, in a fun way.
So, there you go.
Act F'ed is explaining the joke that I didn't catch.
Her name is Toriel because, get it, two Toriel.
And that sums up Undertale perfectly.
That joke sums up the Undertale experience perfectly.
But I had fun with it.
Let's see. PleaseNoReadInChat says,
I hit on Toriel first, then did the ass to call her mom.
She thinks I'm weird.
I wonder why.
I'm just irritated that two of my favorite characters so far in Danganronpa,
their fates aren't even spoiled for me.
Aww.
Which is fine because I kind of expected it because I don't take anything for granted.
But still, I actually liked Sakura in that game, and I like Mondo.
Pissed off.
No spoilers.
No spoilers. People already know anyway.
Alright. Anyway, so that was my gaming week.
I played mostly Final Fantasy XIV, Final Fantasy Explorers while traveling,
and then a little bit of Undertale just to finally be like,
okay, I did it. You can stop sending the emails.
But I enjoyed Undertale enough that I definitely want to play more.
So, yeah.
But even if my expression the whole time was,
what in the hell?
Loki, do you think you're going to play Undertale at some point?
Eh, probably not.
That's like asking if I'm going to play any of my scene backlog.
Eh, probably not.
Does it mean I'm going to stop playing games?
No, it doesn't.
Alright, so some quick housekeeping here real quick.
Hey, speaking of Magfest, I gotta pimp this.
So even though I was sick as a dog on Saturday at Magfest,
we did some videos in the Indie Hall,
and the first two are up on our YouTube channel.
Just look for VOG Network on YouTube,
and you can actually see some interviews that we did at Magfest.
We did an interview with YYR about the games he's making like multitasking.
We also just completely discovered this game we thought was kind of cool
called That Rock Paper Scissors Game,
where it's a three-player game,
and one person plays rock, another paper, another scissors,
and you chase each other basically around a big map.
It's kind of a silly, simple concept, but it works really well.
Like, who doesn't like those types of multiplayer or living room games?
So we interviewed those guys as well.
Bobby talked to them.
Those videos are up on YouTube, and I just gotta give props to Bobby.
Like, he edited those videos, and he put them together really slick.
I was like, wow, this looks like something that...
This looks like...
Legit!
Sounds silly to be saying that, but it's how I felt.
So check those videos out over at the VOG Network YouTube.
I know we were not here last week,
and so I hate to say that we're going to be having another missing show,
but, you know, I have a life and things that I like to do too.
So we do have our next no-show weekend.
It's going to be April 3rd.
I will not be here on April 3rd.
Sorry, Loki, I'm probably surprising you with this.
I told her earlier, but I will not be here April 3rd,
but get this.
You'll get a kick out of this, Loki.
Do you know why I won't be here?
And I'm not coming back.
I'm going to Tucson, the first, second, and third.
You're going to laugh.
Disneyland?
No, I'm not going to Disneyland.
I'm going to Tucson.
You know what's in Tucson?
Racist!
Well, every city has those, but...
Well, I have friends that live in Tucson.
That's very important.
I have some friends in Tucson that I'm going to go visit and say hello to,
but then I'm also going to do an Ingress anomaly that's on that Saturday,
the second in Tucson.
Go to the Special K's.
What?
Go to the Special K's.
Is that close to the Phoenix area?
Oh, the Circle K's or whatever?
Yeah, it's like two hours outside Phoenix.
I'll get the codes or whatever.
I don't have to do that. It'll be fun.
Our Circle K's gave out codes.
I'm going to actually go shop there.
I'm going to be going to Tucson in a few weeks
and visiting some friends that are there
and doing the Ingress anomaly, and I'm looking forward to that,
so that'll be fun.
I'm allowed to take a vacation once in a while,
such as life.
I don't think you just had an anomaly there.
In Tucson? No, I don't think so.
Maybe it was in Phoenix, I'm thinking.
I thought they just did that because that's why they have the codes there now.
No, I don't know.
I don't think it was there. Maybe it was in Phoenix.
Bobby Blackwolf is asking,
Tucson, like an Earthbound convention?
They do have that.
Earthbound convention is in Tucson,
but sadly, I think that's in the summer
and I'm not going the right weekend to see that.
So, there you go.
Alright.
Let's move on
and get into this week's news.
I think it's time. You guys have been waiting for it. Loki.
Holy crap, they announced
Pokemon Sun and Moon, and it's coming
this holiday, and I cannot be more excited
about this.
Actually, I'm not, because I don't play Pokemon, but
it's pretty exciting for everybody else that plays
Pokemon, and this is part of their
Pokemon Nintendo Direct,
and of course,
you know, showing off that there's going to be
some more products based off that coming out,
as well as like trading cards, plus toys, all that
fun stuff. You know, the usual
marketing stuff, and
yeah. So,
it'll be coming out, not really sure yet,
but holiday sometime.
And that would be on the 3DS.
Are you
pre-ordering Sun and Moon,
Loki? Yes, I'll pre-order
that for my 3DS I don't have.
That sounds like a perfect idea. Hey, that'd be totally
awesome. Let me invest the money in a 3DS
for them to, you know, put out the
NX, which will totally,
you know, just like, hey, it's cool, we
got a Wii U now, we can get the new Zelda game,
except that they're maybe
putting out another system. To Nintendo's
credit, they're pretty good about the
backwards compatible thing, though. If they do put out a
new handheld, it'll probably play the 3DS
games. I don't think they would put
all this effort into a new Pokemon game,
just to instantly antiquate it,
you know, the same season, if NX
is out this holiday. Now, that's the thing, is this
a game that only runs on the new 3DS,
or is this just, like, 3DS?
They haven't said, which is, um,
that could be peculiar, we'll see.
I hope they don't limit it to the new 3DS,
because that'll lock
me out, because... Sorry, you can only get 10
Pokemon on the 3DS versions of the game.
I'm not gonna buy a new 3DS if a
NX is just around the corner.
I'm gonna wait till after 3DS.
The new 3DS seems like the DSI to me.
It's, like, kind of unnecessary.
Which is, I mean, it's fine, they can do
an upgrade of the system for the people that still haven't come on
board or whatever, or the real diehards
who must have the new technology, but I don't,
you know, there's no game on
the new 3DS that I want to play
that's exclusive to that. They have,
yes, I know there's Xenoblade, but I can play that on Wii.
And there was, what, one other game, I think?
So, there's really
nothing that I need the new 3DS for.
Let me just drop some of the prices of the first-party Wii U
games. Please.
Anyway,
I'll check out
Pokemon Moon. I like Pokemon Moon
because it makes me think of butts. So, there you go.
Darsakha, would you play
Pokemon Moon because butts?
Probably not.
I haven't played, honestly,
to be serious, I haven't played any
Pokemon games in ages.
I didn't think X and Y were that bad.
It was a very different, like, look for the series,
but I thought the battles were kind of interesting.
The fact that they were able to
modernize it a bit. So, I'm curious how they might take that
a step further for Sun and Moon. So, we'll see.
Anyhow, Nintendo
also this week
released a fiscal year update
revising their
fiscal year projections for the year
ending March 31st.
Because, you know, fiscal years run like
April to April. They don't start
like the way the calendar does.
They have scaled back the sales and profit
expectations, as well as
projections for 3DS sales.
This is because the holiday quarter had
a drop in profits.
They fell short of their 3DS
goal of 7.6 million units
sold by 1 million.
It also says the
software shortfall of 9 million
down to 47 million units.
So, unfortunately, the
DS projections, it didn't go
as good as they'd hoped.
They did, though, admittedly
highballed. I seem to remember discussing this when it first
came out, and I remember thinking, like,
the DS projections were kind of highballed
to begin with. Interestingly enough,
though, Wii U projections were
unchanged. So,
that's, you know, the Wii U,
you know, didn't underperform
or anything like that.
Amiibo sales were still strong, however,
but the operating income and profit
projections did have to be lowered.
The upcoming fiscal year will
include things like Star Fox Zero,
The Legend of Zelda for Wii U, Bravely
Second, and two Dragon Quest ports.
Of course, this could also mean
the NX,
but we won't know any of that
details until after E3.
So, alright.
Let's move on. DarkSakura.
Well,
Ubisoft has taken
some crap
for reasons. However, now
they are looking to be acquired by
Vivendi, I'm sure.
Yeah, I know.
I kind of laugh, too.
So, basically,
what happened is that Vivendi purchased
140 million euros
worth of shares in Ubisoft,
which brings their stake in the company
up to 10.39%,
and so the CEO
of Ubisoft calls this an unwelcome
move, and wants
to retain its independence from
what could be a hostile takeover.
So, they have
approached
different investors,
shareholders in Canada,
to see if they can invest more
so that they can maintain
ownership of the company.
So, right now,
and the
CEO is Yves Guillemot,
and his family
owns 9% of the Ubisoft
stock, and then
two of the major shareholders,
which are BlackRock and Fidelity,
own 15% together,
and they're on his side, but he needs
50% of the
vote to block Vivendi.
So, he's really pushing
for it, and
basically,
his whole thing is that, you know,
if Vivendi takes over,
then the most loyal
employees to the company
are going to be leaving the company, which would
leave them with nothing
major. So,
they're hoping to keep it
out of Vivendi's hands.
So, strange that Vivendi
kind of got out of the business
with the whole Activision stuff,
just to be wanting to get right back in. That's very
strange to me. They acquired
Gameloft
earlier this week, and
bought more shares. So,
yeah, they're not out. Curious
what their long-term plan is over
there, but of course, when you're trying to take over
companies, you don't really make a lot of comments on that.
So, we'll see.
Moving on, Loki.
Alright, so,
PlayStation TV,
unfortunately, is going to be discontinued
in Japan.
Just didn't quite hit it off as
well as they thought it would. I mean,
it's dropped in in price
very low. In fact,
it originally started off at
around $100. Now, it's around
$40, probably even cheaper. I know I got mine for
$30.
Just, you know,
unfortunately, it didn't
seem to
do well with consumers.
They didn't really know why.
Basically saying you could use it as
a video streaming device.
It's like a mini-console, almost.
But,
unfortunately, there's not a lot of people
using them.
So, it's too bad. I don't use mine either, unfortunately.
Yeah, interesting, because the
Vita seems to show more strength
in Japan. You know, we actually
have Japanese Vita release dates,
which kind of disappeared
and died here in the States.
And maybe that's why those people take the Vita
and they're purchasing the Vita and not the
PlayStation TV.
That's true, because, well,
Japan is a more handheld-driven
industry. We got a lot
more people to play on transportation
and so forth, so maybe the TV thing
was just kind of a
not-so-great idea. But I'm still
a little surprised to hear that.
Hmm.
Alright, let's see.
Going to Brad from
PodCulture in our chatroom over at
live.vognetwork.com, says, you can play Vita games.
That is why I got one. You can play most
Vita games, right? Some of them are still locked out on the
TV for some weird reason. And then there was
that whole thing with the workaround
and all this. PleaseNoRead
in our chat says, good, I bought my
PSTV for 20 bucks and it's got to be the worst
console ever made.
It's not the worst, but it's not...
I don't know about the worst, but...
Let's put it this way. For the price that I paid,
it's way
better than the Ouya was, and it's way more
functional than it was, so
I would say it is a pretty decent
console. And what I was planning on using
it for is mainly just playing
classic PlayStation
games, that type of thing on there.
PS1 games. PS1 games, also
Vita games that I
have in my library, because I don't really have a
Vita anymore, so I have a bunch of
games in my library that I wanted to check out,
but the problem is, I don't play a lot of them
because I have a lot of them.
They're like multi-console games.
Some of them are on PlayStation 4 and
Vita, so it's like, well, why am I going to play
the Vita version when I have the PlayStation 4 version?
Right. Well, more news out of
Sony, going from
basically what is the past now to the
future. Sony has sent out
invitations to a special press event
that will be occurring in San Francisco on
March 15th, and it is going
to be all about PlayStation
VR, and funny
enough, this is timed quite appropriately
with Game Developers Conference,
so I think this is our big
event that we've been waiting for.
Was it the rumor that we were supposed to find out about the pricing
stuff around that time period?
I don't know if it was the rumor so much as
the expectation is that if Sony
is going to put this out in the first half of the year
still, which may or may not be true,
but it does seem like if they're going to say
it now, then it's before the holiday
period, because if they were going to wait until the
holiday period, they would have just
waited until E3, I think, but I
do think this gives a good
precedent that it'll
probably be out in the summer.
I don't know still about the whole first half
of the year, but maybe like summer, maybe
June, if June counts as first half of the year,
then maybe it'll make that, which
I guess it would, wouldn't it, because it is the sixth month.
But I'm like, if it's like
late July, cut them a little
slack, it's not the end of the world.
So yeah, the
event will be on March 15th, and
we are expecting to hear the price,
the date, and
the launch lineup. So, you know, when you're
rolling out a new piece of hardware like that, that's going to
be a pretty lengthy conference.
I'm pretty excited about it, I'm thinking about picking that up.
I mean, I almost bought a
Gear VR today, but then I was like kind of
reading some reviews on it, and it's just,
it doesn't seem like it'd be that interesting.
For me, it's really about the software.
What are the games going to be? And I've got
to be honest, Res alone,
even though, you know, that game is years
old, it's still, I'm like, ooh, that is an
experience I really want to try, and that's
in the PlayStation VR.
Res would be pretty amazing, actually.
You know, like most consoles,
I've got to have three. I'm going to have to have
like the three must-have games before I'm
finally going to break and buy the console.
Because I'm treating PlayStation VR
as a console at this point because I expect
it's going to be priced like one.
I would expect it's going to be
I really think
I'm going to say
$5.99
just because that way if it's $4.99
I'll be pleasantly surprised.
I think $5.99
is going to be too expensive.
The hopefulist in me says $4.99, the realist
in me says $5.99. I would think $4.99
at the highest. I would hope
it's $3.99, but
I don't know if it's,
I don't think it would be. But I mean
it's just going to be a hard sell if it's
$4.99, I think. Because you're talking about
it's way more than the actual console.
This is going to be a blue chip piece technology.
This is not going to be for everybody. This is going to be
for a very select audience
of gamers. So
this is aimed at 30-somethings
with disposable income.
I think it's what a 20 and 30-somethings
would have to be. We'll see how much it is because
if it's too expensive, I'll just pass on that too.
Bobby Blackwolf
pointing out if it was going to be cheaper than the
X5, they would have announced that by now.
Not necessarily.
Not necessarily. Maybe they want to
strike while the iron is hot,
get the pre-orders, and maybe the console
will be coming right out. Who knows?
But I think it's a fair
counterpoint.
Alright, let's move on
while we wait for March 15th.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we've off and on talked about
Leland E. And for those who
don't know, he was the
Democratic Senator for
California for San Francisco.
He's finally been
sentenced
for five years in prison
and a $20,000 fine.
He actually did
plead to the racketeering charge.
So for his plea deal, he
also admitted to
exchanging
official acts for
money conspiring to traffic
and weapons and money laundering.
And so his lawyer
said that he is
a 67-year-old man who has
accepted his responsibility
for his conduct. That he's led an otherwise
exemplary life as a family man
and an active voice for the betterment of society.
Yeah, while he's exchanging
political favors for
weapons.
Bye, Felicia.
He also agreed to
forfeit $33,000 in campaign
contributions that were part
of his fund to run
for Secretary of State for California.
And he also,
his anti-video game
law was, of course, struck
down as unconstitutional
that it violated the First Amendment.
Which is why we bring him up now.
You know, if in case you forgot,
he was the big driving
force behind trying to
basically censor video
games at the retail level.
And all this time,
I mean, the irony of the fact that he was living
a Grand Theft Auto life while he
was trying to get Grand Theft Auto banned.
Well, let's not also forget.
His bill
was signed into law
by Schwarzenegger.
And it would have
fined retailers $2,000
per instance of selling
M-rated games to minors.
And would have also required
additional warning labels
of what a mature
game entails.
So, yeah.
Bye, Felicia.
Do not pass Go.
Do not collect $200.
That's the last time we'll ever have to bring him up on the show.
I hope.
Unless we're here in five
years talking about his parole.
But I figured it was at least worth mentioning.
It is worth mentioning.
Closing the book on that whole thing.
Anyway.
Let's try and talk about some
release dates. We're gonna travel around the world and check out some
games that you will be able to walk
into a store and buy without question.
And without getting carded and all that stuff.
So, Loki, starting us off in the US.
Alright, so we've got
Elekhine's Gun
on PlayStation 4
and Xbox One.
Return to Popolo Cross, a story
of seasons fairytale on
3DS.
Darkrai Primal coming out on
PC.
Mortal Kombat XL edition.
The one that has the DLC included
with it. That is coming out on
Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
Let's see.
And then finally,
Legend of Zelda, Twilight Princess HD.
That's coming out on Wii U
this week.
That's it. Let's go to Japan.
Right now. And check out some release dates
over there. Some price reductions on the PlayStation 4
for Assassin's Creed Unity and
Far Cry 4 as they move into the best series
on March 3rd. But as far as new games
go, Gundam Breaker 3 and Life
is Strange gets its Japanese version
on March 3rd. Those on
the PlayStation 4.
On the PlayStation 3,
no new games, but you get that same price reduction
on Assassin's Creed Rogue and Far Cry
4. Nothing of note on the
Wii U, although we do have
Legend of Zelda, Twilight Princess HD
coming out on March 10th.
So we're getting very, very close
to that. On the PlayStation Vita,
which you can, you know, not play on your TV
anymore, I suppose. Gundam Breaker 3
is out there as well. There's also a brand
new Vita starter kit in Aqua
Blue and Glacier White.
And then there's a new game on the Vita.
Chalet no Atelier Plus,
Kukon no Ume no Renken Jutsu
comes out on the PlayStation Vita.
Lastly, on the Nintendo 3DS
this week in Japan, Haiku
cross team match
regular and cross game box.
I'm not sure what that all entails. Must be like
a limited edition type thing.
And just for you, Dark Sakura,
Doraemon!
Shin no Bita no Nippon Tanjuu
comes out. I'm not really a big fan of Doraemon.
Really? I always thought that was something you were into.
I think he's cute.
You know, a cat with no ears.
So I looked up that Haiku cross
team match and the special kit that it comes with.
It's like a little, like the game comes in a
tin. And by the way, this is like a little
fighting game. It looks like an old school Street Fighter 2
type of game. So I think this is just supposed to be
like a, I don't know, just a little
cute little
extras that come with it. Cause you know they love
collector's editions of Japan. They really do.
You thought we have a lot here.
Check there. Dark Sakura, how about the
UK? On March 1st we have
Deponia Doomsday for Mac and PC.
Screen cheat for
Xbox One. X-Blaze code embryo
for PC.
Let me move on to the next days. On the
second, Bus Simulator 16
for Mac and PC.
Bus Simulator? Is it a school bus?
School bus.
By the way, I found that album
is on iTunes.
Is it really? I was listening to school.
I added it to all my Apple music. Of course you did.
Cause whatever.
And then on March 3rd is
Black Desert Online
for PC.
I think it's in
I can't see the label on the thing.
I'm trying to pull it up.
But at a distance, or in the little tiny
characters. Yeah, it's in Korean.
Act F'd
in chat says Magic School Bus Simulator?
You know this whole thing does
remind me though, I need American Truck Simulator.
That came out not that long ago on Steam.
I need to get that.
Those games are actually
really fun. I don't know if you play them.
It's very zen.
Like I imagine driving cross country probably
is. More like
how many caffeine pills can you take before
you pass out
and crash your bus
or your truck
into the ravine
where you die.
Did you see, this is going to be totally random
but I don't even care. That's what we do on this show.
Did you see that series of tweets that was on
Twitter about the mega bus
this week where the person tweeted
like, they're pulling over
the mega bus. Something's wrong with the mega bus.
And then the next tweet was a picture
and it goes, mega bus is on fire.
What?
The next tweet was update, mega bus
exploded. And there was a big
picture of the exploded mega bus.
It was kind of sad. Mega bus.
It was like life on Twitter.
Mega bus?
You never heard of mega bus? No.
It's like a Greyhound alternative.
Apparently they're extremely terrible.
Are they? I haven't heard horrible things about them.
They'll remind me never to be on one.
Moving on.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then hopefully this show won't blow up
and we can get to the classic game of the week.
But first, Dark Sakura with news.
I have news?
Oh no, I'm just kidding. It's Loki, not Dark Sakura.
I was going to say, um,
so EA has abandoned their
trademark filing for ghosts.
There will be no ghost games coming from
EA anymore.
So, sorry.
I know you guys were all looking forward to
Battlefield 5, really
spooky ghost edition, but
not going to be happening.
Instead, this was originally
Ubisoft, I guess, was objecting to
EA's attempt to trademark ghosts since
they have ghost recon and a lot of the
other Tom Clancy games and that type of stuff.
So now
they've just decided not to do it.
And no idea what it was
supposed to be intended for, but
they've dropped it.
So we'll never know
what the ghost game was from EA.
Nope.
We won't, and nor will we care.
But we can still get, you know,
what was it, Tom Clancy ghost recon?
That's still okay, though, right?
Yep, we should have Tom Clancy's Ghost
Hunters. That would be awesome,
actually. Where they just go, like,
search for
EMF Fields.
Hey, it's a...
Try to record, was it white noise?
Or not white noise, uh...
I forget what they call those.
The Supernatural Ghost Hunters?
Not the white noise, I forget, like, I used to be real into
that shit, and I can't remember what the fuck they call
that shit, um...
It's not white noise, it's, uh...
Fuck, I can't remember. Eh, who cares?
It, um...
Ghost voices or whatever, it's something.
Alright, I'm gonna move on.
Another week, another
Nintendo NX rumor, that's right.
It seems like these are a dime a dozen, these
NX rumors. I don't know why we keep
reporting them here on OLR, but apparently
each one of these rumors, no, really,
I mean, this is from a trusted source.
This is, uh, this is it.
This is a trusted source, and, you know, you can
believe this. So, one of the big NX
rumors this week is that
the NX will officially launch
this year, and the Legend
of Zelda, the new one, is a
launch window game. So, we may be
in it, and this is something that people have been
speculating for a while, is that we may be in a similar
situation when we were
expecting the Legend of Zelda on the
GameCube, and it ended up also
being a launch title for the Wii.
We may be looking at a very similar situation
here with the new Legend of Zelda.
And then the same thing happened with
the Zelda on the Game Boy
Color that was on
the Advance. That was the Oracle of
Seasons and Ages, right? Where you had, like, the special
Advance
shop, I think, that you could get if
you played it on an Advance. So,
you know, Zelda
has done this before.
There is a precedent. But, anyway,
apparently this source is
someone who works directly at Nintendo,
and, you know,
it makes sense, though,
if the NX is coming out this year, and if Zelda Wii U
is coming out this year, it's
probably happening on the NX as well, but we'll see what
happens.
To register participation
for this week's episode of Orange Andredi
with VoGnetwork.com, use the past
phrase, DIRT.
Also, more
NX rumors, and this is something
from a rumor spiller
named Geno, who has
released other information in the past,
such as that Pokemon was going to be
in a 3D engine, and that it would have
a fairy type, that
PlayStation 4 was going to have modern day
graphics on a DirectX level like Unreal Engine
4 and Frostbite 2,
Microsoft's Omni Projection unit
that turned out to be the Illumeroom,
so here is some of the
juicy stuff he's saying about NX.
There will be a, oh, your favorite
word is coming up, DarkSagra.
There's going to be an HDMI
dongle that attaches
to the television. It uses
wireless HDMI technology.
It's a very similar
type of streaming thing that the
Wii U uses today, except
now it's evolved.
As speaking of Pokemon. Has the porn industry
created the dongle?
The dongle? I don't know,
you're asking the wrong guy.
This device will stream
via the HDMI dongle
to the TV, so you won't even need
an HDMI cable. That's kind of interesting,
actually. The analog
controls have motors for
haptic feedback, so if you hit
a wall, the sticks will move away
from the wall to simulate hitting it.
That seems kind of cool, and something
that I'm surprised we haven't seen before.
Supposedly there will be a Bluetooth
syncing with tons of
devices, smartphones,
tablets. I wonder if this is where
those earlier rumors about the
smartphones and the PS4s and all that came from
is through some type of Bluetooth integration.
That could be interesting. You can
answer phone calls and display
text messages from your phone
onto the NX. So
does that mean I could be playing a video
game and somebody could send me a text
message and it's going to display on the TV while I'm playing
the game? That could be interesting. Wait a second.
You're telling me that there's going to be some sort of
network integration with this system? I don't
believe it. You know what?
What? I have a phone
and it gets messages.
Can an Apple TV
display text messages like that?
I don't have an Apple TV. Why are you
looking at me? I thought
because you have an Apple Watch, I figured you
have the TV too. Silly me.
Alright. I
actually don't know if you can.
I can get text messages on my Mac though. How about this?
How about this Nintendo?
How about you focus on fucking making the
networking work correctly instead of trying to
integrate your fucking text messages from your
phone onto your TV because
guess what? If
my phone is fucking synced with the TV
anyways or whatever the system is,
I probably have my fucking phone in my hand
already. So what's the point of
needing that on the TV? Well,
the tech uses apparently the
same hardware layout as the PlayStation 4
and Xbox One and they're saying
a 130 party
developer said it's the easiest device we've
ever developed for you. Take your code, compile it
and it works.
And look to Pokemon Go
to get an idea of the
social features that will be in NX.
This will take multiplayer, AR,
and the StreetPass concept to a whole new
level. And they're saying the strengths of the device are
usability and ease of use.
Visually and functionally,
it is as if
the Samsung and the Nintendo 2DS
had a baby. The operating
system is Nintendos.
That's adorable, I'm sorry.
Nintendos is the operating
system. Even you're smiling, Loki.
It's kind of cute. It's cute. Shut up.
It's cheesy, whatever.
I love it. Nintendos
is the operating system and it has
a lot of the modern features of mobile
operating system. Nintendo is being
careful in showing it off because they're
afraid that it would be mistaken as
running Android, which was an
earlier rumor about this device,
interestingly enough. Remember that? That Nintendo was
supposedly running an Android thing on
its console. So maybe
those link together somehow. I don't
know. But anyway, again,
huge rumors. Get your
salt licks. We don't know any of this to be true.
But it's fun to speculate.
So, there you go.
I mean, there's nothing in
there that strikes me as
what a bunch of horseshit.
I actually think the idea of
playing a game and having
a text message come up on your screen
while you're playing the game is actually
kind of an interesting idea. That's
why I was asking if Apple
already had that built into their ecosystem.
I mean, whatever. That's fine if they want
to do that.
It's only
between the computers and the phones anyway.
And watch.
Dark Tetsuya in Chat says
I do agree Nintendos is
adorable. I hope that part is real
at least. Yeah, me too.
That's just as adorable as Glados was.
So, you know. Well, maybe
it'll offer you cake.
And then you find out there actually isn't
cake at the end.
It's kind of like how they offered me, you know,
DJ Hero and Fucking Saints
Row on the 3DS. And then there wasn't
a Fucking DJ Hero and Saints Row on
the 3DS. The broadband
adapter is a lie. But there was
Fucking Submarine Game that I didn't give a
shit about. That was on the 3DS.
Woo hoo! 3DS.
And Fucking Cubic Ninja or whatever the fuck that
was. It's like, woo. Like a Box Boy.
Box Boy or whatever. Yeah, it's like
It's like, I don't
I've made you a shirt. It has
two letters on it. QQ
Alright.
Let's
travel back. Let's travel back to a
simpler time when there was
no rumors on consoles. You
read about it in the magazine and
it was fucking fat. And then it didn't come out.
And then it never came out.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer's gonna step into what's left of the vault
and find a game that she- The vault is
still there. We're just downsizing
the extra. We're cutting the
chaff. The downsized
and the outsourced vault.
We're sharing the vault. You are outsourcing
parts of it to other players. We're sharing the vault with
other people for money. Alright.
We'll rent a ColecoVision.
The classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer, what did you find in the vault that you think
Hey, Bratz
you should be playing this game. And actually, I gotta say
yet again, here's a game you picked this week
where I'm going, how has this never been
a game? How was this never
picked? This game is legendary.
How many
games are there in the world, Rob?
There's a lot, actually.
I know, right? There's a lot of games. And hey,
I picked crap last time, so I picked a good one
this time. Alright, so
here it is. What is your classic game of the week?
Spy Hunter.
You can hear it very
faintly.
Anyway,
Spy Hunter came out in 1983
by Valley Midway.
And it basically
was supposed to be
a James Bond game.
But they didn't get the license for it.
So basically, you're driving down roads
in what's called the interceptor
car, which can destroy other enemies
with different weapons, so it's like the James Bond
car, you know.
It had sit-down versions and stand-up
versions, which of course
the stand-up ones were more common because they could just be
integrated into any old cabinet design.
It had a steering wheel
that had the aircraft-style steering wheel.
And you also
had a stick shift for low and high
gears and a pedal.
There were many, many ports. There was even
a pinball version.
Sequels, a new
version of the game's everything.
And a movie that had
The Rock in it.
Oh, don't ask me.
I didn't see it.
So it is, you know, a scrolling
down,
vertical scrolling driving
game. You have a top-down perspective.
And you are driving
the G6155
interceptor.
Yeah, you just go around
shooting stuff and you can get like
augmented weapons
like different machine guns and things by
entering a weapons van.
And you can summon
your van by clicking
you press
a blinking
weapons van button that would show
up. And you get like oil slick
smokescreen, surface-to-air missiles,
stuff like that. And you have
limited ammo for those and you'll lose
them if the car is destroyed. You also have a little
dashboard that shows you what you've got
when. You can also
convert the car to
a go fast boat.
Vroom. By driving through
a boathouse that will appear from the side
of the road.
So it's kind
of an infinite game. It has no ending.
You play until you die. Until you run out of money.
So basically, the guy that
created
the game, George
Gomez, was inspired by audio
cassette tape music from
the James Bond movies. And he worked with Tom
Leon who
the two of them worked together on Tron.
So pretty cool. And of course
it plays the Peter Gunn theme in the background.
So they wanted to have
the James Bond theme. They were trying to get the
license. And like I said, they couldn't get it.
So Peter Gunn it is.
There was also a pinball version
that came out in 1984 by Bally.
Since it was Bally Midway that put
out the game. They had the license.
I don't think I've ever played a Spy Hunter table.
It's alright.
But Spy Hunter also had a sequel
Spy Hunter 2 in 1987.
And it had a co-op 2 player.
But instead of the
top down, it had the 3D perspective
from above and behind the car.
Excuse me. Also
Sunsoft in Japan had
reprogrammed the game for the
NES. And they also did
Battle Formula which was
kind of much like
it. But
they were trying to avoid copyright infringement
so they had
a different front cover and everything.
So crazy.
And outside of Japan
it was released as Super Spy Hunter.
Let's see what we had for other
releases.
Yeah, so
they were going to be doing
a movie that did
not go into production that had
The Rock.
All kinds of other stuff
going on with that one. Yeah, I didn't really pay
much attention to movie stuff when it was happening.
So
as far as different versions, we've
had
DOS, NES,
Atari 2600,
8-bit family computer,
well, the Atari 8-bit family computer.
The CPC, the ZX
Spectrum, Commodore 64,
Apple II, ColecoVision,
BBC Micro. There was a
clone called Major Motion that
came out by Microdeal on the
Atari ST and Amiga.
The Nintendo port was kind of crap because
it had really bad collision
detection.
The Commodore 64
and Atari 8-bit versions
had very similar bugs.
Like, the car
would drive on the side of the
road and enemy
cars couldn't touch it. There was just some weird
stuff that would go on. Also
there were re-releases for the Atari Greatest Hits
of
Midway's Greatest Arcade
Hits Volume 1 for N64,
Midway Arcade Treasures,
GameCube PS2, Xbox,
the Extend to Play versions
for PSP, and
Midway Arcade Origins
for PS3 and Xbox 360.
It was
funny.
Spy Hunter had actually
been incorporated into other
things in pop culture.
In Murder, She Wrote, do we remember
that show?
Hell yes, of course we do.
How could you forget the great Angela
Langbury? Well, there
was an episode called Hit, Run, and Homicide
where
her character realized
that the
solution to the case
was after she was playing
Spy Hunter, so
I thought that was kind of
a neat inclusion for inspiration.
Spy Hunter
there's an easter egg for it in Microsoft
Excel 2000 that requires
DirectX to work. I just wanted to say
real quick, since the Spy Hunter music
ran out, I thought maybe we could
use a little bit of this here
instead.
It's the Murder, She Wrote theme
song. Oh, Rob.
Did they ever make a game out of Murder, She Wrote?
Why the fuck not?
I'm pretty sure it was probably a PC game
from Murder, She Wrote.
Can I finish, Rob?
I suppose.
Okay.
In 2008, Pontiac had a commercial
that had
the Spy Hunter car being replaced
by the Pontiac G8 GT
after the original car was destroyed.
Zynga did
a game
it had in Mafia Wars
that was a car called The Hunter Spy
XS.
The Hunter arcade game was seen in Big.
And in Teen Titans Go, which
they had
an episode called Video Game References
Cyborg played a game called
Pie Hunter.
Several games, actually.
I was gonna say
that they'd made
Murder, She Wrote and Murder, She Wrote 2
returned to Cabot Cove.
They made a Murder, She Wrote game.
They're on iPhone. In 2009,
they made a Murder, She Wrote game.
Oh yes, Spy Hunter, though.
I'm done.
Fuck.
Just think, we're only a few more years away
from Classic Game of the Week that could be Murder, She Wrote.
I'll do a Murder, She Wrote game before I do Halo.
That's it.
We've got Doriaki
in the fridge and I'm gonna have some.
Alright, there it is. Your Classic Game of the Week.
Spy Hunter and a little bit of Murder, She Wrote.
But like,
Dark Soccer can't argue
because Murder, She Wrote is a true classic.
I mean, that's just how it is.
I can argue.
Alright.
We're gonna take a quick break, guys, but don't go anywhere.
We have plenty more to come
with the show, including
the Fugu Question of the Week.
We're gonna get to your calls as well.
1-877-GAMEO-LR or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
and emails.
Phone calls. You guys.
Plenty more when we come back right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio.
Live tonight with Episode 632
of our show,
February the 28th of 2016.
I apologize.
My voice is kind of going in and out.
I'm still trying to shake.
Remember I missed a show like a month ago because I was sick?
That came back in full force for
MagFest and I'm still trying to shake it.
I think I've probably had three different
colds all at once is what's happening.
This is what happens when you go to conventions
is everything tries to kill you.
It's called confunk.
Yeah, confunk. A little bit of that.
Not meaning the smell of confunk, but the feeling of confunk.
I will give props to MagFest.
It did not smell
like butt.
It actually was pretty respectable.
Maybe that's because it was so cold
and it was a big open space.
There was proper refrigeration and ventilation everywhere,
but I was very proud
of you MagFesters for not
smelling.
MagFest did not MagFester.
That's right. It did not MagFester.
Quick live programming note
for those of you guys that are listening live tonight
at The Voice of the Geek Network.
We're going to do a special encore presentation
of one of our new shows on the network, GameBui.
If you've never heard them,
GameBui.org did a great little
Zelda retrospective this past week.
We're going to replay that after tonight's episode of OLR.
We had some,
for lack of a better term, fuckery
go on with the station this week,
where I was not able to get new shows in
for a couple days, which was really irritating
the shit out of me, and unfortunately,
nobody got to hear the new GameBui because of it
on the feed.
So we're going to play it at a special time tonight
here after the show, so apologies to the boys
over there at GameBui.
And thanks for putting up with technical difficulties
that are out of our control.
It's frustrating in the slightest, but anyway.
Let's get to some rapid
fire news.
Loki.
So this is kind of a neat little
addition to the package for if you
purchase the Xbox One version of Doom.
Not only will you get Doom,
but you'll also get the original Doom and
Doom 2, which were re-released
on Xbox 360 via
Xbox Live Arcade. You will get
those since they will be backwards compatible with
the Xbox One.
So that's pretty sweet.
So yeah,
go check that out. It's kind of a nice little bonus
if you want to purchase that game on that platform.
Also, speaking of backwards
compatible games, there's been
some more added to the Xbox One,
including Geometry Wars,
Retro Evolved, Carcassonne,
and I think
a few others. Let's see.
Nope. Those are the only
two that they mentioned. Oh.
Yep. But Geometry
Wars. That's pretty awesome.
Never really got into Carcassonne, though.
And finally,
March is right around the corner here.
And with that, of course, you can expect some new games
that will be free on
Xbox and PlayStation
platforms, starting off with the Xbox
Games with Gold.
For Xbox One, you're going to have
Sherlock Holmes Crimes and Punishment
from March 1st through March 31st,
and Lords of the Fallen
from March 16th through April 15th.
A little bit extra time on that one.
And then on Xbox 360,
Supreme Commander 2,
March 1st to March 15th,
and the original Borderlands
from March 16th to March 31st.
And of course, as usual,
the Xbox 360 games are backwards compatible
with the Xbox One.
And then on top of that,
we've also got
for
PlayStation 4, now you
may remember there was the whole vote to
see which game would be included
free for March. Well,
Broforce won, so you can expect
that on PlayStation 4,
as well as Galaxie, which
looks pretty awesome. It's kind of a
Saturday morning cartoon, anime
style
space shooter game that
looks pretty badass, actually.
So that'll be coming out on PlayStation 4.
Flame Over and Reality
Fighters on PlayStation Vita,
and Super Stardust HD
and the last guy on PlayStation
3.
So, I don't know.
Those two, though, on the
PlayStation 4, though, are pretty awesome. And of course,
I believe the other two titles that were not
part of the free selection there
will be discounted for the month of March.
And I believe that was Assault Android
Cactus is one of them.
Yes, I'll definitely be picking that up, but a lot
of good free stuff.
Yeah, that Galaxie looks
badass. I actually almost
purchased that, and now I
get it free.
It's always irritating when you get a game, and then
it goes free like the very next month, right?
But, you know, that's what
happens in this day and age sometimes.
Well, how cool is it that
hidden stuff is found in a video
game years and years later,
especially a game like
Mortal Kombat? That's right.
There are some additional menus
in the Mortal Kombat series.
They were called EJB menus,
and they were rumored for a very long time,
and these menus were... That's for Ed Boon's
initials. That's right. They were finally found
on arcade hardware
of the first three Mortal Kombat games.
Thanks to
ROM scrubbing, it was known that the menus were
there for some time, but nobody really
knew how to get there. It takes
a lightning-quick input,
I guess some complicated button presses
with a block, on
both player one and player two sides
to unlock.
All the menus do, they have a
special hello message, a shortcut
to putting your initials at the top of the
ranking board, a Galaga
minigame in
Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, and a gallery
of all the characters' endings.
It's not
anything that's going to change the game.
It's not like it's giving you, like, morphs
as Kano or whatever, but
it's just interesting that they were hidden for
20 years and they were just found. And I
guess what's interesting about it is that
the patterns were there the whole time.
They also work on ROM hacks.
They do, and they work on the
Midway arcade treasures. So if you
have, like, the Xbox version
or anything
that's basically emulating the game itself,
it's in there. So that's pretty cool.
There's also
the Fatality Viewer
in, I think, Ultimate
Mortal Kombat 3 was one of
the menu items there that wasn't in the
other two. It used
to be that it was
something that you could get as an unlock for, like,
beating one of the hardest modes.
And it's there as a...
It also has the hidden
character unlock as well
for one of the
different builds, I think.
I remember watching the video of it. It was actually
really cool.
Well, Twitch
also announcing this week that they are
now archiving streams
with
chat. So you
can now get chat replay alongside the
streams, which is, I think, great because
when you're trying to
create content that is going
to last longer and
work on demand and not just be live,
you have to be able to
see the chat. Like, what we try to do
here at OLR, if we're going to respond to
something in chat, we do try to read that
comment before just saying, oh, ha
ha, that was really funny, DarkTetsuya.
You know, like, you have to be able to read
the comment in order to respond to it.
So I think it's really good that Twitch will have
this on their replay. So that's
pretty cool. I guess
a user actually helped created that.
Oh, neat.
Also, in sort of
video game news, like, really distant,
like, super removed, but
I'm going to mention this anyway.
Kanye West has apparently announced on Twitter that
his next album will be called
Turbografx-16, named
after one of the most favorite gaming systems
from his childhood. He said
in a series of tweets, my next album
is titled Turbografx-16 as of
now, just on some super nerd vibes.
One of my favorite gaming systems when I was
a kid. Blazing Lasers is probably my favorite
game on that console. My boy
Molly that I spoke about on the song
Drive Slow actually had an EOGO in real
life, bro. We actually played Spy
Hunter at my mom's house. Hey, how about that?
Bringing it all together. You know, it's funny.
I've got both of those.
Yeah, so, you know,
Kanye West has a tendency to just tweet
kind of, he kind of lets his butt do
the tweeting, so I don't know if that
will actually end up happening, but
cool to know that he was a gaming nerd
at one point like a lot of the rest of us, so
neat.
Moving on. Dark Soccer, excuse me.
Well, one of the writers
for, um, who's working on
Mass Effect Andromeda
left BioWare to go to Bungie.
He was actually one of the
writers for Dragon Age as well
and that he thinks that Andromeda
will blow people away and he couldn't be prouder to
be a part of it, but he's
also, um, left
Chris Schlerf, who
was with BioWare Montreal.
We already lost David Gator,
so sad.
Also, and I was actually watching the trailer
for this last night. Oh my god.
Raiden 5.
Coming out to Xbox
1 in Japan.
I guess this would be the only
reason to have an Xbox 1
ever in Japan.
But Raiden 5, like,
it looked pretty freaking amazing.
I was so happy. And it uses
the power of the cloud to gather
player data and it impacts your game
in real time, so
that's pretty exciting.
Maybe we'll get it on PC or something.
And then,
last but not least, uh, character
for Killer Instinct.
The Arbiter from Halo
is going to be there.
And I watched the trailer for that
too and I was like, that's kind of cool.
And then I went back and
watched the rest of Hisako's story mode.
There you go.
Alright. I need to, uh,
I need to play through the rest of the,
uh, stories
in Killer Instinct as well. I did do Hisako
though. You're a fave.
Let's get to... I just have
an odd obsession with Onryo.
So... Now I know,
you have for a long time. Did you hear
they're doing, uh,
The Ring vs Juhon?
Yes, I have read that. I'm like, oh my god!
Yeah. Two of my favoritest ever
movies in one. In Japan, right?
Except Sadako 3D was stupid.
Like, really stupid.
And I haven't seen the last
two, uh, Juhon flicks.
But the premise seemed really stupid for those two. So are they gonna, like,
slap fight each other or something?
I mean, like... And then will they Americanize
it and ruin it? I have no idea.
Well, The Grudge was okay for the US
because it had the same director. It was all
the subsequent sequels I refused to watch
that were, as I understood,
fairly shitty.
But... Are they gonna call it,
like, you know, The Ring?
Ring vs Grudge? The Grudge
match? Enter The Ring!
It's the Grudge match!
One can hope.
What happens when you get
two completely different vengeful
ghosts in the same room?
I hope it's jumpscaring back and forth.
Like, they'll have a jumpscare off. You know how, like, the wizards
can usually fight? And it's like that giant
bolt of lightning or something that they go back and forth?
It says there's gonna be jumpscares
going back and forth.
Only if at the end of it, one of them will go,
you just got served. Would this be
like...
immortal
combat?
Perhaps?
It'll be like... Next Mortal Kombat?
Jason vs Freddy or whatever.
No, I don't think so.
We need to get to the foogle question of the week,
and quick.
Every week, you guys answer
our question that we post on our Facebook
and Google Plus communities. You take Facebook and Google
and you slam those words together, you get
Google! And this week, of course,
all about the Pokemons,
since we did just have the big birthday we've been
waiting for over the weekend.
Okay, one more Pokemon question
for you all this week, since we did just have the big
birthday. Have you already decided
if you're getting Sun, Moon,
or neither? And
which Pokemon across the years is your
favorite, and why?
So, very similar to the questions I asked here at the studio
at the beginning of the show. We'll start
off at Google Plus, Prince
Peach Fuzz starting us off
tonight, saying both.
Some people have to, when you say
gotta catch them all, they actually have to have
them all, which is why they will buy both games.
So, Prince Peach Fuzz is gonna
plan on getting both Sun and Moon.
And favorite Pokemon, Snorlax.
He's my spirit Pokemon.
That's a good answer. That's a very good
answer. I see a lot of myself in
Snorlax as well.
ActDeaf responded on Google Plus
saying, of course, yes, probably Moon.
And I have a lot of favorites
like Lucario and Ninetales,
but I think Hawlucha
is the Pokemon that I like the most.
I hope I didn't butcher that name.
With 700 Pokemon, even I can't pronounce them all these days.
So, there you go.
Going over to
Facebook,
starting off with Haseo Sumeruagawa
says, might check them out,
and Rayquaza is the
legendary for emerald is my
favorite. Our first legendary Pokemon
showing up in the favorites.
AndyR says, at the moment, neither.
Since I didn't really enjoy the
last two I played, White and Y.
But I said I wasn't gonna get Y
either, and the zeitgeist that launched got me.
Do you mean game or monster?
If former, gold. If latter,
far-fetched. Yeah, I know.
He's just a lame duck, but for some reason
I just really liked him as a kid.
Hey, you know what another one of my favorite Pokemon is?
Psyduck. You wanna know what's funny?
Ages and ages
ago, in fact
I think it was the same night that we picked up my Togepi
which I also still super love Togepi.
We found a Psyduck,
a little Psyduck and we bought it.
And he's been our family Psyduck.
We've had him ever since, like first
gen Psyduck toy.
I used to have a little keychain that would light up that was a
Psyduck. You turn the little thing and it would just
light up. I found my Togepi
keychain that you push in the stomach
and he goes, tippy tippy!
Adorable!
Bryce H. responded
and said, I'm definitely getting Sun or Moon.
I won't choose which one until I see the legendary
Pokemon for each. And my favorite
Pokemon is Ditto because Ditto
can be any Pokemon.
That was a good episode of the show too with
Duplica. My friend witnessed
Duplica one Halloween. We all witnessed Pokemon
characters and I witnessed Ash and I
had a life-sized Pikachu.
My friends, you've met Billy, right? Billy was
Team Rocket.
He was Team Rocket. He was James
and our other friend was Jessie. It was
adorable. And then
our friend was Duplica. We had a good
time. It was silly. I loved it.
I think we had a friend that was Misty too.
I can't remember. Anyway.
Bryce H. continued, oh sorry. I already
read that answer. How about Cial who says
I'm getting one of them. I don't know which yet.
Favorite Pokemon over the years?
Kabutops because Horseshoe Crabs
are cool.
Fifth Dream says, I already pre-ordered
Pokemon Moon today. I'm so excited
for it. And I love Pikachu.
Maybe I'm just a sucker for the way they
marketed him. But he's just too cute.
I liked him since the very beginning of the anime. I just
bought another t-shirt with him on it
to celebrate Pokemon Day yesterday.
Pika Pika.
Degenerate Johnny says, as a Dark Souls fan
I have three words. Praise
the sun. As far as my
favorite Pokemon of all time, it will have to
be Ditto because he, she
it makes my Pokemon shiny.
That's a good reason to get
Sun. I'm thinking Wii Fit Trainer.
Salute the Sun.
Redtertainment says, I've never got any
I'm sorry, excuse me, I've never really gotten into
any of the Pokemon games, but Red speaks
to me for some reason.
Never answered about Sun,
Moon or any of the other Pokemon, but Red.
Veronica Isabel replied
and said, I'm getting Moon. My
favorite Pokemon is Mewtwo who
I always nickname Frieza
because of Dragon Ball Z.
I almost read that as
Franzia because I had something else on my mind.
It involves a box.
Red the Haze
replied over on Facebook and said
I'll wait for the available Pokemon list
and the versions before I choose though.
I haven't played a Pokemon game since Platinum.
Pokemon Ekans
because it's Snake backwards.
It is, it's a very
creative name, isn't it?
And lastly, Kareem
Jay responded and said, my
favorite Pokemon is Meowth.
Instead of reminding viewers what his name
is, he can actually talk.
Well, one Meowth
can actually talk. I believe not all
the Meowths could talk, just that particular one.
No, just that one.
I have a Pokemon CD.
In fact, I don't know if you remember when
I got it, I think you were there when I did.
But I have one of those little singles and it has the
Miyasu song on it.
And
it's basically him singing
about all of the other Pokemon.
So it was cute.
S2100 Matt says,
wow, I never knew that. Mind blown.
I'm assuming that's about the Ekans. Is Snake
spelled backwards?
There's all sorts of weird stuff you see in the
games and then you're like, oh my god,
how did I never see that before?
My god.
Alright, anyway.
Let's move on. That was it for the Fugu
Question of the Week, so let's get back into
some gaming news. Loki.
Sorry,
I was checking up on your friends.
Oh yeah, our village
is being raided right now, isn't it?
Yes,
anyways,
never
really had a favorite Pokemon.
But,
I don't know.
So, this is kind of
cool. They're going to take their time
on HoloLens, which is good because
HoloLens as it is right now kind of sucks.
But Microsoft isn't looking
to rush it out like they did
with, well, not really rushed it out, but
they didn't want to put it out like Connect.
Basically, they didn't want it to be
not adapted
as widely as the
Connect was. So, for example, they were
describing the Connect as not really a pleasant
experience. It just wasn't ready.
They were saying that the consumer bought a
HoloLens today. They would have like 12 things to
do with it. And they would say, cool, I
bought a $3,000 product. Well,
first off, you know, that is the
price of the development kit, not the actual
MSRP, because if it was $3,000,
I'd be like, fuck you. No
way that this is going to happen.
But, you know,
after you've done those 12 things, it's going to be collecting
dust. So,
right now, this just,
you know, going to release it when it's
ready.
So, we'll have to see when that's ready.
Hopefully soon, and hopefully
they fix all the problems with it. Maybe they can
just do an entirely internal first
generation, so that way we're not subjected
to it until they get a lot of the kinks worked out.
I hope so.
It looks interesting, it's just
it's not good the way it
is right now. It needs, like,
if it were to perform
like they show it often, like,
you know, during their press conferences
and stuff with the special cameras and shit,
if it actually worked like that,
then yes, it would be pretty badass.
But it's not. It
doesn't look anything like that, so
that's the problem.
Alright,
well, let's talk about an
exciting partnership, at least I'm really excited
about this. Silicon Studio
and Mistwalker are apparently joining
together to develop a new game.
If you've not heard of Silicon Studio, well,
they're the makers of Bravely Default.
So, that's the makers of
Bravely Default and the makers of
Lost Odyssey coming together to make a
game. We don't know what it's called,
what it looks like, or when it comes out, but
of course, more info
to come soon, whenever that is.
I'm very excited to hear about
this. I wonder
if this ties to, we saw
Mistwalker, the guy from Mistwalker
did a little talk, and he teased
some art, so I wonder if this could be
something about it, who knows.
Apparently there was an image that did come out
with the announcement as well, so
we'll see. Maybe
E3 this year is when we'll hear more about it
and what system it might be on.
Maybe it's an
NX game, maybe it's another DS game.
Who knows? We'll find out.
Moving on,
DarkSakura. Sorry, I'm having a very, very
important conversation. I bet.
I bet. About what's
worse, Sadako or
Kayako. The Ring
versus Ju-on.
Anyway.
So, Disney's
up to some shystey
crap. They
are wanting to lobby in favor
of the TPP,
the
Trans-Pacific Partnership,
big trade thing that's
wanting to send our more jobs
overseas, and blah, blah, blah.
So, the Disney CEO
Bob Iger has
encouraged employees to enroll in a program
that would deduct part of their
check, so that it would
go into the Disney PAC,
the Political Action Committee,
and wanting to
basically influence
the language of the
TPP.
There's a lot
of
a lot of
scrutiny on this law. I mean, the big
thing about it is that
big
corporations are really in favor of it.
It's supposed to make trade a lot easier for
them, make things a lot more affordable
for them to operate. However,
it's pretty much going to screw the local
economies of, you know,
just about everybody
involved. So, the fact
that Disney is behind this,
I mean, I'm not surprised
because they are a big corporation.
At the same time, though, they're wanting
their employees
to contribute
to this, too.
It just seems a little bit
no bueno.
I mean, I don't
like to talk about my day job a lot
on the show, but I will just say
in very general terms, for the past
15 years, I've worked in the
healthcare industry, which is a very
controversial thing here in the United States,
and I've never been
asked to give money
to a political cause
like this through
work. It's very surprising
to me. With as
high visibility
and how politically charged
healthcare has been over the past
15 years, I'm really
surprised. I'm seeing it here
and I've never been asked to do it
in my industry.
I worked for one company for 14 years.
I'm really surprised. I was never asked to do that.
I work in
the tech industry.
I've been very careful to say, to not
say who I work for. Only a few people know.
It's nobody's business. Exactly.
We are happy to spend our nights with you,
but our days are private. But my company
has never asked us.
We've just been asked to
I guess
show integrity in our
you know, how we handle ourselves, but we've
never been asked specifically
to support this cause, to support this cause,
to support this cause. So,
this is just really
I don't know. It's just
really stinks
to me. Yeah. It's interesting.
Alright, well
let's move on with some more news. We'll see
what comes of all that. Loki.
Alright, so to kind of help
push the whole
VR thing. As I mentioned, I was almost going to
get a Gear VR, but I kind of decided not to.
If you
pre-order a
Samsung Galaxy S7
or S7 Edge,
I guess starting February
23rd, they're also going to
kind of sweeten the pot by including a
Gear VR.
And along
with that, I guess they're throwing in
six VR games
and it depends on which
provider you purchased it from.
But they include such games
like Eve Gunjack, Esper 2,
Dead Secret, Keep Talking, Nobody Explodes,
Start Chart,
and Hero Bound for one of them.
Ashar 2,
Darknet Drift, Keep Talking, Nobody
Explodes, Start Chart, and Hero
Bound for another one, and Lands' Ed
Mortal Blitz VR, Deer Hunter VR,
Keep Talking, Nobody Explodes,
Ocean Rift, and Hero Bound
for the third one.
It's kind of neat, I mean, I just
I don't know. I mean, if I was going to
purchase a new phone, I'd love to get, you know, that
shit free, but
I just bought a phone, so I don't think I'll
be upgrading anytime soon to the
to the brand new S7
because I have an S6.
Don't you hate that when you buy the hardware
and then the very next week, oh, now the hardware comes
with games. Well, you know, it's free stuff.
Yeah, and I don't know, I don't know how to see how much
the S7 is and what's so cool about
it, I mean. Well, they want
to move these units, so they have to put
in something, you know, it's like, it's the whole
Nintendo sold the Wii through
Wii Sports, and I'm not saying any of these games
are necessarily at the level of Wii Sports, but you have
to have those games that are gonna, you know,
make people want to buy the hardware, really.
That's why I think it's really rough
when you release your hardware with no
pack-in games. What they need to do is just
include a fucking, a three month
subscription, the virtual real porn,
and there you go. That'll
sell tons of those units.
Alright.
I didn't talk a lot about this game this week
because I didn't play it myself,
but Alan has been playing a lot of,
and you'll be proud to hear this, Loki, he's been playing a lot of
Fallout 4, in fact, I think he's in there playing it right now,
but he's off work tonight because
they, with that whole little
gold statue show that's going on right now,
there's not a lot of people answering polls,
so he's in there playing Fallout 4
right now, so I watched him play some of it,
and I was like, show me killing mobs,
and he got
his butt kicked.
It was funny. But anyway,
talking about Fallout 4, I guess
there's a new survival mode
that is gonna be coming out for Fallout 4, and Bethesda
actually confirmed it. Some of the details
had leaked on, I guess, Reddit
somewhere, and the publisher came out and
confirmed it. Basically, you'll
be able to enable this with a menu swipe,
and you'll be able to do more
and take more damage.
Manual and quick save options will be disabled,
you have to sleep at least an hour
to save, and there is no
fast travel.
Enemies won't show up on your compass, and fatigue
will matter. So,
yeah, sounds like it's
gonna be a little bit more of a hardcore mode,
but we'll probably make for some good
livestream feeds and all that stuff, those people
like to play hardcore and show off and all that
stuff. By the way, if you've been
eagerly anticipating a mod
support on the various platforms,
we now have some time frames
as to when that mod support is finally
going to come out, and that was via an
interview with Game Informer, where
the PC will be getting its official
mod support in April. I say official
because you know the mods are already out there.
They're already out there. They're just not official, but
official modding comes in April.
Xbox One will start getting the mods in
May, and PlayStation 4 in
June. I'm pretty excited about that.
Yeah, that'll be pretty awesome.
He did say the full quote,
our goal is between the first two DLCs.
It'll be up at that time on PC
in April. All that stuff will go
up on PC. People are beta testing it.
There will be a lag on consoles.
We want to get it up and have it work. It'll
probably be a good month before it hits
Xbox One, and another month for
PlayStation 4. So notice how
he didn't really quote June. He said
about a month, so it could take
a little longer if you're on PlayStation 4.
Yeah, I was going to say one of the things
that they did announce while we were out
was the actual Fallout 4 DLCs,
or at least the first bit of it.
They're saying they're adding more on top of that, but this
is what you get for your season pass right
now, which it will be going up to $60
in March, so if you were interested
to purchase it now. But the first
three pieces of DLC, they've got the Automatron,
which is coming out for $9.99
in March, and that adds
some new robots. You can create your own
robots, that type of stuff.
You mix limbs and stuff together.
Then in April, Wasteland
Workshop, where you can create your own fighting
pits, as well as some new
settlement things, and then finally
kind of the actual big
expansion, which is in May, called Far Harbor,
which is going to be $24.99
separately, but it's all included
in the season pass, plus
other things that they haven't announced yet,
so definitely check it out.
Alright, it's time
to get to the mailbag! Hey, what do you know,
DarkSakura, you're here to do it after all.
Sorry, give me a second.
That's okay, you thought you'd be gone, but
No, I think you should open it and read it.
I'm actually feeling a little under the weather
still, so I'd really prefer it if you could do it.
I'm the one that has had a headache
since Thursday. Maybe we'll make Loki do it.
Hold on. Loki should read the email.
I don't even know if he knows how to log in.
I don't even know how to read!
I can maybe do one if you really
want me to, just my voice is
hurting tonight.
You can always email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
is the place to send us emails.
And we will happily
read your emails every week here at
Orange Lounge Radio, and respond to them
in kind.
Come on, Hoback, log me in.
There we go.
Alright, okay, you ready?
Yes.
This one's
labeled color from last week.
Hey, OLR family, please don't
take this the wrong way, but when Derek
called in last week, I thought it was
Latrice Royale from RuPaul's Drag Race, LOL.
Wouldn't it be cool to interview
one of the drag queens that play video games?
Long time podcast listener, DJIQ.
I will tell you this.
I have
done an interview
with one of the drag queens from RuPaul's Drag Race.
You did? I did Tatiana
from season two.
Back when I was writing
for Tiara's
website thing that she was doing before.
The Geek Life, or whatever it's called, right?
Yeah, Geek Life.
I'm laughing because I'm not
sure Derek will see the
great compliment that
is in your comparison there,
but in all seriousness,
I actually don't
think I hear it at all.
When I think of Latrice Royale,
I think of the laugh. Latrice Royale has a
very epic laugh. Have you ever heard
Latrice Royale's laugh, Dark Sakura?
No, I haven't listened to Latrice Royale
at all.
You don't know what you've been missing.
She's very large and in charge
and she says that herself.
Drag queen, and she has a
laugh that you will remember through the ages.
In fact,
I'm trying to find the one...
Okay, here's her laugh.
There was one that was set to death metal.
I can't find it though.
See, it's always like a scream, right?
That's it. But here's the thing.
I think you know who sounds like that.
It's Captain Spike from GameBooey.org.
If you ever get him to laugh,
listen to it, because he'll do that same thing
where he goes,
he'll kind of do that same little scream.
When I think of
Latrice Royale laughing,
I think of Captain Spike from GameBooey.org.
There's a clip out there
where it's mixed to death metal, and it's so
funny. I wish I could find it.
How about I go to the next email? How about it?
Okay, this is from Raginator.
Yes, I'm reading your email.
Even after I said I wasn't, because I'm here.
We got to the mailbag early tonight.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hi everyone, it's Raginator yet again.
I appreciate that there won't be a show
on Sunday 2-21, and odds are
this email may be slightly out of date by then,
but I wanted to update everyone real quick,
and if need be, supplement this email with
a quick, short email in the days
to come. Last weekend I received
my, um,
one check for a computer,
and I had the usable funds in my bank
account by the 16th.
Unfortunately, the one PC that I was
initially eyeing was out of stock by the time
I had the opportunity to order it.
That being said, I ordered this one.
It's a different one. I'm not going to go about
the specs on it.
I also ordered extra
RAM, a webcam, an additional Blu-ray
drive. Earlier today I received the PC
itself, and I'm still waiting on the
other three items.
All that being said, it will still be a little while
yet before I have my internet and whatnot
turned back on. I still need to
save up for the two additional months so I can buy
two more things, a cheapo barebones
TV, and one of those fancy gaming headsets
that's capable of surround sound.
That being said, I anticipate my internet
and whatnot being turned
back on by May 1st.
Anyone talk to you soon?
It's to me. Never mind.
That's for Majornator. I read your email.
Mostly.
And he's back.
Also in chat.
He got that computer situation worked out.
Last email.
Last email.
Is long.
This comes from
I don't have a name on it so I'm just going to say
well, I have a full name on it but a new
nickname, so I'll just say Delvin is who it's from.
Hey, OLR. Glad
to have you guys back this week because I am
upset about the launch of Street Fighter 5.
It was kind of crap, wasn't it?
The game launched with many features not present
in the game.
The store is not available. The online battle lounges
only allow you to play with one other friend
in an arcade mode. An empty
story mode and extremely piss poor online
at launch. Amen to that.
Oh my god, it was not great.
Now,
I fully understand that high demand of any
new game will shut down the servers on launch
day and a few days after
that, so I'm willing to let that slide. However,
they had many other
issues once things stabilized.
Not being able to play with friends, which is
one of the few things you can currently do in
the game. Also,
when the servers are not online, you don't get
any in-game currency for things
to purchase, such as new characters
and costumes. This
brings me to my next issue,
being the lack of characters and high price
tag of the game. 16 characters
with more on the way at $6 each.
You can purchase characters with
in-game money at $100,000
per character and you'll only
earn $25 per loss and $50
per win. To keep this short,
I'll get to my point here and say that this
model concerns me
and is a trend that I see starting to
increase instead of decrease. Why do
developers continue to launch games that are
half done, collect our money, and then fix it
later? When did this become acceptable?
I purchased the game under the pretense
of it's done and we'll add more
extra stuff later. Now, here's 50%
of the game now and they give you
25% in a month and the rest
over the next couple of months at $6
a pop. But give us full pop now.
This is starting to make
an extremely expensive, make gaming an
extremely expensive hobby. Your $70 game
just become over $100. Canadian
dollars here, our dollar is poo right now.
What are your guys' thoughts on all of this?
Love you guys, Delvin.
Yeah, I gave you my thoughts, I agree with everything
you just said.
Cosigned.
I was like, they gave us
Karin and no Sakura.
That was like
nailed for me right there. Well, it's not even
like necessarily who's in and who's out
and the characters they picked and so forth, but it's
just the fact that the game is only like
half there, you know?
There's this really disturbing trending
by the way Delvin is from the podcast
Video Game Realness and is a pal
of mine on Reading is Fundamental
so if you, which I
realise is a little
separated because it's not exactly nerdy
but it's nerdy of a different sort. But anyway
so
we have this disturbing
trend going on in gaming where
they want your money for
less product up front
and I think in a way
we have Kickstarter to thank for some of
that.
Because companies have seen that people
will pay a lot of money
in advance for a product that doesn't exist
yet. And you know, I think
Kickstarter was really meant to do
indie development and indie support but you see
a lot of bigger developers are getting up on that.
I mean hell, Shenmue 3
announced on the Sony stage
and how many people have given money to that
for a product that's not even out and we don't
know if it's going to necessarily be at the same
quality as games 1 and 2. I mean
it might be, I'm hoping it will be.
I'm having faith in the
creators and so forth but the reality
is it might not be. And
now we have this case of Street Fighter 5
where they're promising, well it'll all
be there, just not right now
and we had to get this out before the fiscal
year is up so you know, just
buy it, support it and have fun.
All you fighting game players are really only interested
in the versus mode anyway, right?
And it's like, not me.
I prefer the casual stuff
I wanted a better story mode.
I mean seriously.
Or a story mode at all.
It had this dinky version of a story mode
and it was
really very dinky. I mean
I was used to having, you play through
all of this stuff and you
get a real ending. There were no endings.
It was just like,
precursor story modes.
It's like, what the hell Capcom? No,
this isn't going to fly. You were only
minorly forgiven because there's an U.S. Attorney
on the way. But then, I mean
this is a trend that's continuing.
Blizzard, now
not even is there a pre-order
for Overwatch.
There's a pre-pay for
Overwatch. If you're willing to pay
all 60 bucks up front or whatever
it is, probably 70 for the collector's edition,
you get a couple extra crappy skins
in the game and so forth.
Are they even guaranteeing access to the beta
if you pre-play? I don't think they are.
And this is a really disturbing trend
that's happening in gaming and it is imperative
that we vote with our wallets.
And I know it sucks
for a game like Street Fighter V
because it's
Street Fighter V. Any indication
before that that this was going to be the case.
Yeah, I know. And this is one of those
things where unfortunately now Street Fighter V
this is going to have
repercussions for a long time.
Because I think for a lot of us now
it's lesson learned.
And I don't know about you guys
but I don't plan on buying a game that's
not fucking done or that doesn't have
the stuff that I want in it.
You know, indie developers I'll probably
cut a little more slack on things like
Kickstarter and so forth but you know
Street Fighter V, there's not
a lot of excuse for this.
You have to win 2,000 matches
to unlock one character.
It's a little silly.
Bob Coffee in chat
says, Street Fighter V came out
early mainly because of the Capcom Pro
Tour. And Act Def says
and it's probably the best Street Fighter to date.
But I just
if you're
into the certain you know
player versus player
and the tournament thing is what you're all about
only. But I don't know. I didn't
buy it. Just like I didn't buy Mortal Combat
X which to be fair at least
Mortal Combat X wasn't
fucking half finished. But I knew
with Mortal Combat X they would
release all these character packs and soon
enough there'd be a game of the year edition
and oh look what's happening.
Except
now they're still not done.
Now there's a whole wave 2 of downloadable
characters so there'll be like a second
game of the year edition at some point.
I don't know. Rama in chat
says, this half done game was released
for those going to Evo to train.
Great. I hope only the people going to
Evo to train bought it.
Unfortunately we all know
that's not the case. A lot of the rest of us
got suckered into doing it. But now
it's a question that
game previewers and game reviewers
and people will have to
ask game makers as embarrassing
as it is. Is your game done?
Will your game be fully featured
at launch? And I can't
wait to see what fucking
dance around the issue answers we're going to get from that
question. This is another minor thing too
but they changed some of the characters moves.
The way they control. Just saying.
Martin
in chat says, who cares about
Street Fighter anyway? Where's my new Tekken
at?
Bob Coffee in chat says,
it's shitty but they did this for the hardcore
target audience. I don't know. Like
I respect your guys' opinion
but I have to be completely honest
and say, I feel like you guys are
excusing this. And like
if I'm not a part
of that
audience that is doing Evo or whatever
I don't see the excuse for this
at all. There is no excuse.
Fuck Street Fighter, where's
my Rival Schools 3?
And it's not excusing when
people are defending them. They're a fucking
company. You don't need to defend them.
They need to fucking put out a product that's working.
If it's not ready in time for Evo
boo fucking who? You should have worked
harder on it then. It'll be there for
next year's Evo. Exactly.
Oh poor baby. Your game's
not out in time for the fighting tournament.
Well, too fucking bad.
ActDevtonChat says, I get the complaints
it's not excusable but the content is
going to be there anyway. I mean
to be fair, to give you guys
some slack here because I want to
respect all opinions and so forth.
I get the whole fact that at least they're presenting
a roadmap on, okay
this is where we want the game to be
and this is how we're going to get there.
But from my perspective
I'm like, okay great. I'll buy
the game when it's done. Because that'll be
about the time maybe it'll go on sale. I'll
get an even better deal out of it. Hurray.
So.
ActDevtonChat says
remember Splatoon? I
I still feel like Splatoon
was a fully featured game when it was
launched. They added stuff to it.
It was a full game when it was done. Yeah, they added
maps. The things that they added
to Splatoon, I feel like
other companies would have charged me money for
to be quite honest. I mean did they
add a lot to Splatoon? Yeah, they did.
And I think Capcom would have charged you for it.
Or made you get a million
billion splat points when you
only get five in a match.
I think with Splatoon you at least had
you had a fully functional single player
mode in Splatoon.
That's actually pretty darn
good. It has boss fights that are fun and everything else.
So.
I don't know. Alright.
Yes, but the voice chat thing
is still an issue. I will say that.
Alright. Anyhow.
Thank you for doing the emails tonight
Dark Soccer. I appreciate it. But I understand
you are going to head out and be on your way
for the night. Yes.
Do you have any final thoughts for the audience? Actually
we're getting to FUs. Do you want to quickly stick around
and do your FUs? Sure, I'll stick around and do the FUs.
As your final thought here. Alright, let's get to the FUs
of the week. By the way, if you want to send us emails. Hey, if you
want to talk the Street Fighter 5 thing, you know,
I realize people out there might disagree with me. Cool.
Just email us. Participate at
orangeonsrader.com.
See you next time.
I laid down at 10 AM.
I didn't get up until 5.
And I still have the same damn headache.
So. I hate it.
It needs to go away. And I'm going home. Bye.
Uh.
I will piggyback on that.
I'm going to cut Loki off and piggyback on that. Because FU
to being sick. Because being sick has been the
word. I have been. I have been like
Cootie Boy this year and I hate it. Like I
just keep getting sick and I won't stop. And yes, I've been to
a doctor and it's just kind of one of those.
People get sick.
Nothing serious. Just ruined your day.
Ah. Loki.
Um. Just FU to
not being able to concentrate on programming.
I try.
But it's just not coming to me. I'm not in the groove
I guess.
Alright.
Let's move on and get
to just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1877
Game OLR. username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki. Alright. So this is
kind of cool. So apparently
they're going to be
kick starting a
Jay and Silent Bob game
called Jay and Silent Bob
The Chronic Blunt Punch.
And it's a side scroller
beat em up game.
And it's I guess going to
Kickstarter.
But they're doing some sort of crowd funding for that.
And apparently if it's successful they're trying to seek
a goal of $400,000.
And apparently this is
a little bit different. It's not
Kickstarter actually.
So they're doing through
Fig. So they're doing
it's where you can actually
invest money and get a sort of return
on that.
Why don't they do
$420,000?
Because they're actually
they're trying to get like
more than $400,000.
Okay, but I still think my joke was funny.
I know. I understand the joke.
Yeah. That would have been pretty cool.
But
yeah. I actually haven't really looked too
much of this platform though. I remember hearing
about this a little bit where they were actually doing some
of the crowd funding through that and it wasn't like
Kickstarter where you just get like the game you actually
can get returns on it because you're an actual
investor in that. So it would be kind of interesting
to check it out.
But $400,000 for
Jay and Silent Bob fighting game.
Or beat-em-up game.
I can see that.
What I would love to invest money in
is more
episodes of the Jay and Silent Bob cartoon
or the Clerks cartoon is
what I want to invest money in.
So can we put up like a crowd funding for that
please?
Because it would be awesome.
Alright. Well
I don't know. Maybe this
would be one of the few games that you could convince
me to pay money for
up front without seeing anything.
But Kojima and Del Toro.
That's right. Here we go again. Talking about
this. But that is because there was a talk
at DICE at 2016
between Hideo Kojima and joining him on stage
Guillermo Del Toro. Even
though Del Toro had said at one point I will never
again get involved in video games.
At DICE
he had basically talked about how
the whole video game thing came together and so forth.
He said the creativity
can be stifled by the
bastards with money. But basically
made it sound like if Kojima wants him to do
something again, he'll do it.
Hmm. Very interesting.
By the way, Del Toro also said
that as far as what he's playing, he's playing Fallout 4.
But he dies a lot.
So
that's pretty cool. I would
definitely buy
I would throw money at whatever Kojima and
Del Toro would do without having seen
it at first. It's one of the few
things I'd break the rules for.
Alright.
That's it. I know we're
to it a little early, but
we're to the Skype line at 1877 Game
OLR or username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio. The Skype line is open now
if you want to give us a call. 1877
Game OLR or username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio. All one word
while we wait for some calls. I don't know if Loki has
any last minute stories over there. Yes.
Apparently there is a patent
from Sony for a new
glove-like device.
People are comparing it to a power
glove for
PlayStation VR at least. It looks like some
sort of PlayStation move-like
device that you would use like hand
gestures with the glove
to kind of control the game.
Cool.
Yeah, maybe they're
going to do the power glove right or something like that.
That'd be kind of cool if that was something that they announced at this
VR thing. I'd be down with that. I wonder
if it isn't something that goes along with the VR
thing. It would be very interesting. The way the lights
were on the hands, very much could be.
Anyway, we do have a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's going on everybody? It's Rama. Hey, Rama.
How's it going? Good to hear from you.
Good, good. Things are going good. I actually have a day off
today, so I had to run around and take care of some stuff.
Oh, rough day to have the day off.
I guess,
but at least it gives me time to go to the gym, do you know?
Oh yeah, brah. You got to work out.
Seriously, man. Seriously.
So you didn't go to Katsucon or
MagFest this year, right? No,
because my job has this rule
where you have to request
three weeks in advance. I'm so used
to requesting a week
to two weeks in advance, but not
three weeks, so I kind of forgot, and I'm like,
you know what? I'm kind of gearing up for
another convention in April I'm looking forward to,
so I'm just going to save money, pay
bills, and play the adult game for a
little bit. That's fair. I am going to really try
to go back next year, so we'll see.
Definitely, definitely.
And I will make my way out there next year.
Hooray, I would love to have a Rama buddy
there with all my other buddies.
What's on your mind? What do we owe the phone call tonight,
OLR?
So, in case you haven't
heard, one of my favorite
strategy RPG games, Project Cross Zone
2, came out last Tuesday.
And I've been in the middle of playing
other games, so when this game
came out, I stopped
playing all my other games, and I've currently
been playing through this for the last two weeks.
I just picked up Mega Man Legacy Collection,
and it's actually sitting on my shelf
on a pile of games to play
when Project Cross Zone 2 is
done. Did you get the gold amiibo and all that?
I was
too lazy because
there was a Target up in
Queens, and I'm like, I don't feel like traveling
all the way up there just to get
this. But I'm like,
if I really wanted, I could probably contact
a friend and who could get it for me, you know?
Yeah, I
hear you, I hear you.
So,
besides the whole
gold amiibo and Legacy Collection,
here is my question for
you and Logie.
What is the last game
that y'all have played where you just
sat there and just played
it through from start to finish because
the game was that good? Actually,
I have an answer for this, and it
is kind of in the week off that
we weren't here. The week off,
I didn't really get a chance to talk about this game.
I think I talked about it a little bit
in my gaming week
the last episode because I just
barely started the game. So,
I guess Rama really was split up amongst
some sessions, but honestly, I played
this game a little bit on the Sunday
before OLR, and then I think I
played it all Monday night until I beat it.
And that was Firewatch.
And that is a recent release that just came
out on PlayStation 4 and
PC. And some
people kind of razzed
it a little bit because it's a walking simulator.
You can't really die or lose.
But I thought the story was
interesting enough
that I wanted
to know how it was going to end. I wanted to know
how it all tied together. I do have to
admit it became really predictable in
the last hour. I was like, okay,
I know exactly how this is going to go down, and sure enough
it's what happened. But
it's still one of those things where it's like, well, now that I've
made this commitment, might as well
finish the damn game.
Sounds about right.
But I thought that the dialogue in Firewatch
was so good, and you know
that most of the interactions in that game, it's all
over the radio. So you never
see the woman
that you talk to through most of the game. And I think we
talked about this a little bit on the last show.
There's a lot of parallels. I can't remember
if I talked about, unfortunately I'm getting to that point in my life,
I don't remember if I talked about it on this show,
or on guys on the show, or if this was just a
conversation I was having with my friends at MAGFest,
because it might have been all three.
But there's so many
parallels to things that happen
in Firewatch to, I think, the way
we've developed relationships
in the internet age, where
we have these deep friendships
with people we've never met, or never even
seen. And
Firewatch is interesting because it's set in the
80s, yet it has a very similar
type of relationship, and it kind of shows
that those types of mysterious
relationships have always existed, if
that makes sense. So I just,
I really like that kind of twist
in the story, and what
that story did. So, even
though I don't know if at the end of the year I'll
sit here and say, wow, Firewatch was one of the best
games I played of the year. I thought Firewatch
was a good story, it was like watching
a good movie, but you're
driving it.
So that was me, and thank
you for asking that this week, and not a couple
weeks before, because I don't know what the last one would have
been before Firewatch, because most of my
marathon sessions are thanks to MMOs.
Loki, do you remember
the last game you sat down and you had to play start
to finish because it was so damn good? Let me guess,
Grand Theft Auto 5.
I played a lot of that, I don't think I played
start to finish the whole time, but
I don't know.
I don't have an answer, I don't know.
No other better answer? What about
you, Rama? Is it
Project Cross Zone 2? Yeah,
before that,
it was The Legend of Zelda A Link
Between Worlds.
Ah,
that was a good one on 3DS.
Yes it was, and there were
times I had to stop playing the game
because I'm in the ice temple
sliding around, and I'm riding
the subway back and forth, I'm like,
no.
No. It's just too much.
Yes.
That's great, I got you.
That's a great question, Rama, I appreciate
it. I'll be curious with
some of the listeners might have to say for that in our chat room.
But I'm going to go ahead
and wrap up so we can get another call, but anything
else you want to get out there for our listeners tonight?
Ah, no, that's it.
Alright, take care my friend.
YouTube, brother. Good to hear from you, bye.
Bye. Alright, 1877 Game
OLR, our username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio. ActDeft in chat says
Undertale. Yeah, of course, I'm not
too surprised to hear that. SSJ
in chat saying, I really need to play
Firewatch. Yes, I think you do.
I do think you do. Alright, our phones
are lighting up tonight, so I'm going to try to get to another
call here, and
hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hi, it's Embryon. Hey, how you doing
Embryon? I am okay.
I am also getting over being sick
just like you. You may have
gotten sick because I was patient zero
at MAGFest. Embryon hung out with me
lots and lots at MAGFest, so it was
great to hear from you. Yay, it was
the best. I have to go to that every year
from now on. I'm really, if I have the money
I would love to. Then that was your
first MAGFest as well, right? Yeah, it was.
What did you think from your perspective? I don't know if you were
here when I was talking about it earlier in the show, but what was
your impressions of MAGFest the first time?
It was just, I've been to a couple
of cons, not a ton,
but especially compared to E3,
it's like, it's just such a different
energy, because at E3
a lot of the people who are there are strictly
there for business, and I mean, a lot
of the people you see walking around are kind of like execs
or whatever. And there's certainly some
energy amongst the
journalists and people who are really excited, but
at MAGFest it's just like nothing
but positivity, and everybody is having
a good time, laughing, smiling.
I mean, the concerts that we went to
were amazing. It was, it was
amazing. I didn't expect to
like it as much as I did, and now it's like
probably the best con I've been to, and I want to go every
year. Well, in E3, E3
isn't really a con. It's technically a
trade show, and it's work. Of course. I mean,
it's work. It's fun work, and
you know, but there's a script
that people stick to, whereas MAGFest
was more, it's a celebration of gaming
culture, and there was no new things
to announce. There's no work to be done.
We're just going to have fun.
Yeah, and I think that's kind of the charm of it, really. It's not
like you're waiting for the next
big story to break. It's just you're enjoying
your time in the moment with people who
are awesome around you.
I'm even looking into
trying to do Rockage here, even though it's just
in a couple weeks. They didn't give a lot of
notice this year on that, but I'm going to really try to make it over
there, a very similar vibe out
there. Where's that? San Jose.
So it's not far from me at all. Oh, no.
It's pretty close. But it's a much smaller
scale. It's not quite on the scale of MAGFest.
I think they have it spread out through various venues
in San Jose this year, so it'll be interesting.
Well, to
what did you, I made you talk about MAGFest,
but what did you want to call in to talk about tonight, Emran?
Just to say, hey, Ranma just
asked about what games we were playing, and I know that you guys always
talk about it anyway, but I don't know about you,
Rob, but I have been going so hard on
Final Fantasy XIV since the patch dropped last
week. The patch is
really good. The patch was the kick in the ass
this game so desperately needed.
Yeah, it's a good patch. I was a little bit worried
before it released that it seemed a little
light to me because they were focusing so heavily on
the new beginner stuff, like the
Hall of the Mentor, sorry, the Hall of the
Novice and the Mentor system.
But no, there's so much to do, and everything that there is
is so high quality, like this, I
won't give spoilers, of course, but the story, this
patch, I thought was really good. Big step
up from the last patch of the story.
The new fights are fantastic. Yeah, I've
capped my lore tome stones for the week, and I'm
just kind of like... Oh my god, I have halfway to
go. I so wish we were on the same server.
I still have half my tomes to get, because there was so
much maintenance going on this week. But
for those that don't know, and I think this is
worth pointing out about the new dungeons, is that
there are some great references
to older Final Fantasy games, especially
in this dungeon called the Anti-Tower,
which is like an upside down castle that you go through.
The final boss of the Anti-Tower,
well, actually, the next
to last boss of the Anti-Tower is
Ziggy, a little,
what do they call those things, the little...
Spriggans. Spriggans, thank you. Ziggy,
and Ziggy summons stardust
that you have to kill. I just like to add, so
there was a cute little tribute there to David Bowie,
obviously. So cute. It was very adorable.
But the last boss
of the Anti-Tower is
Calcabrena, which, if you
ever played Final Fantasy IV,
that was an epic memorable fight in Final Fantasy IV
because the dolls are
really creepy, they do this little
dance, and then
you have to fight the six dolls,
and they combine into one large doll, and
then it becomes an endurance fight.
And, you know, spoilers for an almost
30 year old game here at this point, but that is
the fight where Rydia makes her triumphant
return to the story, is she saves you from
Calcabrena, right? So they've
translated elements of this fight into
Final Fantasy XIV, and
the dolls, when you go into the room, they
do the dance, and they do the little jumps and
twirls, just like they did in IV, and then you
begin fighting all of them, and they transform into
one giant doll, and it's awesome.
Oh yeah, and the whole music, everything is there.
It's fantastic. I love it.
Boss is freaky as shit. He is very
freaky. And in case it doesn't haunt your
nightmares enough, just from seeing the boss, you
can get a minion of the dolls. Yes.
I don't know why you would.
When the Calcabrena
doll dies at the end, because hopefully
you beat her, or you wasted your time in the dungeon,
it looks like one of those animatronics from Five
Nights at Freddy's, it really does.
It's so creepy, I hate it. Super creepy.
But the dungeon's awesome, and so is the
other new one. It's a really, really good patch, though.
I can't stop playing, and I wish that
I wasn't capped on lore tombstones so I could keep
doing stuff. Well, the good news
is the reset is on Tuesday, and I think
is the new PVP going at the
feast, is that in on this Tuesday, or is that next
Tuesday? It's a week from Tuesday.
So we still have another week before the feast, but
PVP is another great way to get tomes, if
you can get in there.
I was surprised that I enjoyed
Frontline as much as I did. I'm going to check this
one out for sure, especially because I'm pretty sure
you don't have to group with people from the
same grand company this time. Oh, thank
God. So you can just make friends and
do it that way. Oh, thank God. That was the
worst, that you had to be in the same free company.
Yeah, I hope I'm not lying to
you on that. I think that's the case.
That's okay. If you're lying to me on that,
I'll only hold it against you forever.
Okay. Alright, awesome.
Anyway, Embryon, anything else you want to
share with our listeners tonight before I let you go?
No, that's it. I just wanted to say hey, and
glad you're getting better, and please
send some of your magic my way.
I will. I'm rubbing my computer
monitor with magic right now.
Fancy. Alright.
Alright, we'll talk to you later on. Take care.
Thanks. Bye. Bye.
1-877-GAMO-LR or
username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
if you want to give us a call.
Well, it's lighting up tonight. You guys are
not disappointing on calls tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Jeff. Hey, buddy. How you doing?
Pretty great.
What's on your mind? Watching the Oscars
and listening to OR. I suppose
I can permiss that, as long as you're paying attention
to us most.
Yeah, mostly. That's alright.
I'm just teasing. What's on your mind?
Anyways, I wanted to talk about
Street Fighter V. Ah, yes, please.
Anyways, uh,
you were talking about how
the game is incomplete
and all the complaints that
like I said in chat,
they're valid. They're not
bad complaints. They're good.
They're totally bad, but
at the same time,
it's not like the
game is going to be incomplete forever.
They promise, and
I'm pretty sure
they said that
Capcom was going to
add more stuff
or at least
the stuff missing from the game
at a later point.
I don't know.
My biggest problem with this whole thing,
again, I'm okay with the fact
that Capcom puts out a roadmap to say
at least, you know, here's when the features are coming
in, so at least people know, like,
oh, okay, well, what I want
or what I'm looking for in the game is put in there, then maybe
I'll buy it. But it just, I don't know, I can't
help but feel a little bit of that situation
where it's like, how far are
we going to let AAA game companies
go with this, you know?
Like, it's getting really bad
where now they want more and more of
your money for no product.
And it's just, I just,
I don't know, like, I just worry
it sets a bad precedent.
And that's what I
don't understand completely of the complaints
because we're going to get that
for free. So
even though you're paying, like, $60
right now for the game,
it's not like you're
paying more for it.
Like, for example,
and I'm going to say this example
that I've heard a lot this past
year, Battlefront
Star Wars. The game,
most of the
complaints I've heard of it, it's that it's incomplete.
That it lacks
game modes and it isn't
that fun.
And you have to pay another $50
up front for the season
path that will add more stuff
to the game.
In this case, and I
also made the comparison in chat,
Splatoon.
Splatoon, one of the complaints aside the
voice chat at the beginning
was the lack of maps, the lack of
variety in weapons.
A lot of stuff was missing in Splatoon
but they added
at a later date and a constant rate
also.
I get what you're saying with the Splatoon
thing but I just feel like it's almost
an off comparison to me because I still feel like
okay, even though maybe there weren't
as many maps, Splatoon still
felt like a fully featured
game when it was released. And I think maybe
part of the reason where I struggle with
the whole Street Fighter 5 and the fact that
all this stuff is coming later, it's like, well, I
didn't have to wait in Street Fighter 4
or 3 or pretty much any other fighting
game. Like Tekken, when Tekken 3
was out on the Playstation 1,
you know I realized that was a long time ago, but
think of all those awesome features that
were there on the disc and all you had to do was unlock
it. And it was a lot different than
having to wait till, oh please wait till
June for more
characters and other
stuff. It's just, I don't know, I just
don't like this trend.
That's what worries me more than anything
Akdeft, it's the trend of
well, we want you to pay $60
when the game's not
like totally done. But we're gonna
give it to you, but we just, we need your
money up front to finish
financing the rest of the game.
But it isn't like the game isn't
completely
like lacking
or, well the point I'm going to
trying to get, the game
works perfectly.
If you see the reviews for
Street Fighter 5 and even
some people I know that
are like
really into Street Fighter say
it's probably the best in
like since June.
Like it's one of the
it is the best
Street Fighter ever.
And that's the thing.
The game works.
The game isn't incomplete at
least in that sense.
So you can still play it.
I get that, yeah,
and also in comparison to
Splatoon, Splatoon had a complete
story mode.
Street Fighter 5 doesn't, at least from
what I understand.
But it isn't like, again,
it's not going to be there.
It is there and it will be complete
at a later date for free.
They're not adding
or they're not making
you pay another $20
$40 or another $60
for all that content.
Which also happened in the
past. That's one
of the complaints a lot of people had
with Capcom and
Street Fighter mostly
that they really
released a new version of the game
and
we saw it with 4.
Street Fighter 4, Super Street Fighter 4
Street Fighter 4
Arcade Edition
Ultra Street Fighter 4. We had
4 or 5
editions of Street Fighter 4
and we had to pay for each one
of them.
When this one, we won't have to pay another
$20, $40
to get the game.
I'll give you that, but at the same time I feel like
they kind of shifted that into
well, now they just piecemeal the extra
characters and that's how they're going to make their expansion
money. I just kind of feel like that's shifted.
I'm not, you know, okay at least there's a
baseline game that will work for everyone
and I kind of get that end of things but
I'll give you that, that at least there's not
going to be like an Ultra Street Fighter 5 and another
one and another one. He's not going to keep going but
I don't know, it's still
it just doesn't sit right with me and I don't feel
right paying all the money up front for it.
And I just, again, it's one of those things
where it's like, how long is this
going to go? And let me just ask one more
tricky question here.
You know, this probably
wouldn't happen. But what if
Capcom went bankrupt tomorrow and shut down
operations? You'll never get those
features that you paid $60 for.
And, you know, I know
it seems far-fetched but we've heard of
games like, what was that one that the
two, not two worlds,
what the hell was that game that the baseball
player did
and it was an EA
thing and then the studio closed, there was
all this legal drama.
I know what you're thinking of,
it's the EA game. Right? It came
out and then like that was it. What
if that game, you know, that's
the only thing I'm saying is that there's no guarantee,
there's no
absolute guarantee that they're going to meet that
roadmap. We are putting faith in, well
Capcom's been around a while so
you know, hopefully they're going to do it but
you know,
maybe one day we're going to put
down the money for a game and then we don't get it.
Yeah, I understand
that concern but like you said,
it's Capcom. I don't
think Capcom is going to disappear
one day
to another so I'm
pretty sure we can expect it and it's
not going to be that far
down the road, it's not going to be another year.
It's going to be just a couple of months
mostly.
Sorry, thank you Dungeon Buster,
Kingdoms of Amalur, that was the name of the game, thank you.
But yeah, it's not, like
I said, the lack of
continent, yeah, I understand
the complaint but
if you don't want to
pay $60 up front for the game,
you don't have to.
And everybody has said it,
you have said it a lot of times in the show,
it's your money, you can
do whatever you want or you can buy
whatever you want with it. That's absolutely right
and if you are happy with Street Fighter V the way it is
right now, or you're happy with
the roadmap that Capcom has presented, you know what,
more power to you, have a blast.
Just for me, somebody
who's sitting on the fence a little bit, that I'm not
like super into fighting games but I
can be sometimes, it's just
not enough for me. But granted, maybe
there will be an RPG later
on, or something that I will want to buy
and the rest of you will think I'm crazy and that's
just the thing about gamers,
we're a diverse bunch.
ActDeaf, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so
much for the call, okay?
Thanks very much. I appreciate your perspective, I always
love when people will call in and at least, you know,
stick up for another perspective, so
I appreciate it. Take care.
You too, thanks for having me. Yep, bye.
Alright, sadly I am going to call the
or close the Skype line at this time and I'm really
sorry because I know more of you are trying to get through,
but please consider sending an email or participate
at orangeloungeradio.com
Also, I'm just, I'm
straining my voice a little bit, I need to wrap
up and stop, so.
But that is about going to do it
for another week here at Orange Lounge
Radio. Dark Soccer's already left
the building, but Loki's
here helping me close things out. I want to
thank you guys for tuning in and downloading
the show. If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio,
hey, tell a friend or two about the show, that's
all we ask. Help spread the word about the show
where every gamer has a voice because
you know, that's the only way
that we can get the word out there, is
to tell a friend, or several
about the show. I appreciate
all the word of mouth support.
That's going to do it.
Five star review on iTunes
or wherever it is that you found
this show, tune in, that stuff goes a long way as well.
Loki, your final thought
for our audience tonight? I have 13 minutes
to go knock down all the stuff that they put up in just a second.
You can do it! Go!
I have one that I'm going to hit, and that should
take down most of it. Alright, good luck buddy.
Alright, that is going to do it for me
as well. Thank you
guys again. We'll be back in seven days.
My final thought tonight is I really just want
to be done with being sick for the
rest of 2016. Darn it.
Alright, have a good one everybody. Have a great
night. We'll see you in seven days. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge
Radio. Orange Lounge
Radio is a production of
OLR Studios. To join
us for a live show, tune
into VoGnetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 pm Pacific
9 pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of
Orange Lounge Radio or VoG
Network, but you know they were all
still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
