You're listening to The Bog Network. Up next, the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio, live.
Good evening, everyone. Pekaruno here from the UK.
I just wanted to congratulate all of you at Orange Lounge Radio for your tin jubilee.
Over the past ten years, you have provided top-notch video game news in a passionate, entertaining, but most of all, refined way.
Even though I have not been the most regular of listeners, it is obvious to me just how much you care about both your hobby and your dedicated fans.
To Sky, Dark Sakura, Loki, and all of your guests and listeners, congratulations once again, and long may you broadcast over us.
Hi guys, it's your friendly Jessica Harper from Under Station Wives, just wishing you guys a happy ten years, and looking forward to many more with you guys.
Love the connection that we have between the shows, and definitely looking forward to sharing more in the future.
Happy anniversary. Bye.
Hey, what's up? This is Tigerclaw. I would like to wish Orange Lounge Radio a happy tenth anniversary.
I've been listening to the radio show for many, many years now, and I really hope you guys continue doing this for ten more years.
Have a great show, and take care.
Hey, it's Oscar calling in to wish you guys a happy ten year anniversary, and why stop there?
Just continue for like another hundred years, because you guys are going to live forever, right? Right? Right?
I want you old and wrinkly in wheelchairs and doing this show while playing DDR with your wheels or something. Okay, I'm done. Bye.
Hey guys, it's Sturlok here, and I can't believe you guys have been doing this thing for ten years. That is awesome.
And I think I've been listening for about five of those years, and I keep listening to OLR because you guys are just so much fun to hang out with and listen to.
And you guys are pretty much how I get most of my gaming news nowadays, you and Black Wolf.
And my favorite memory of the show is that I was a part of was when I managed to trick Rob with the vuvuzela on the marathon show a couple years ago, and that was a lot of fun.
So have an awesome teniversary, and hey, maybe you guys will make it to another ten years. That would be awesome.
Anyway, stay black.
Hey OLR, it's Aaron Toplitsky, aka YYR. Thanks so much for continuing to provide a place where all gamers truly have a voice, even somewhat demented developers of niche arcade-style games.
I'm looking forward to giving birth to OLR dream game Bungie Farah Tossing very soon, so please look forward to playing it. I'm hoping it will be out by the end of next month, actually.
I'm also hoping that BFT introduces a new generation of gamers to the great thing that is OLR.
I'm not going to say something like, I hope you guys do this your whole lives, thank you slaves, but I hope OLR goes on as long as you guys enjoy bringing it to us.
Once again, we all appreciate your dedication, efforts, and entertainment over the last ten years, so Jamie, Matt, Rob, thank you very much.
What's up, OLR? It's Zether. I've only listened to you guys for about a year, but I have to say they're probably one of my favorite gaming podcasts to ever listen to, because if you're talking about various titles that may or may not be discussed on other gaming podcasts, I like that.
I love the Classic Game of the Week segment. It's a pretty good podcast overall, and I'm really happy that you guys have been able to do it for ten years, starting out from your humble beginnings as a Bimani podcast, which I have listened to some past shows, and they were pretty entertaining, too.
So, yeah, congrats, guys. Congrats on the ten years. Hopefully, you can do ten more of this, maybe. I don't know. Congrats.
Hey, Orange Balance Radio. This is Bletch N'Zoth. We're wishing you the best. Ten years. Ten years. That's pretty long for a radio that started off as doing D.J. Armbarmani and then morphing into video games, but still, that's pretty good, and you've managed to last a decade.
Whereas these guys, these other ones come and go, you have actually stayed, you know, pretty much as my Sunday night routine for the past eight years, and for that, I tip my hat to you, and no, I'm not drunk or hot. Have a good one.
Hey, D.J. Armbarmanis here from Anime Jam Session. I've been a listener of Orange Balance Radio since 2005, 2006, and it's been complete and total downhill from there.
The OLR community is not just friends. It's become a massive, wonderful family, and as you listen to the episodes, you understand and see that. They all talk about video games, a game of culture, and a game of lifestyle, but there are those times they have to stop and talk about other things in their life that will also affect us, and we have to sit and discuss, which I think is great.
OLR has become like an outlet of where we can talk about various things that we can not really talk with our normal friends and family, I suppose, but when you think about it, you got your friends, you got your family, then you got other people.
It's like you got different rankings of it, and that's what OLR has given us over the last 10 years. As for me, I admire them, and I totally respect them for what they do,
and my nerdgasm came true when I was actually on an episode of OLR a few years ago where we broke the cage match, and from that point on, I said, you know, I want to do something like this,
and because of what they do, and what I do with Anime Jam Session, with me, Mako, Ari, Kuro, Flair, we get together and we're starting our own family thing, and if it wasn't for three great friends playing a video game and bringing what they thought about it to the home, I wouldn't have this.
So I am eternally thankful for their contribution, and in turn, I'm hopefully hoping that I can do the same thing for other people, so to Rob Roberts, Matt Loki, Jamie Summers, I thank you, congratulations on 10 years, and I will be around for another 10 more. Take care.
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki!
Tonight, June 24th, 2012, the 3DS XL is announced, will Wreck-It Ralph get a Nintendo exclusive game, and some no-name video game podcast done in some dude's spare bedroom turns 10 years old.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back once again to Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice. Established 2002.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next 10 years with my co-hosts. Say hello to the one, the only, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi, I'm glad that after 10 years you can say Sakura right.
It took me about 7 to get it right.
Sakura!
Oh no, that's not the worst I've ever done.
Sakura!
There's been some bad ones in the past.
There have been.
Are you gonna make me go back into the archive?
No I'm not, no I'm not.
Do I have to go back into the archive?
I think you're making me go back into the archive.
But Rob, my answer to everything by the way now is, but Garris.
You've become quite the little Mass Effect fangirl, haven't you? It's disturbing me a little bit.
But Garris.
Alright, hold on, hold on. What do I have here? We have, uh.
I was still tempted to go after Thame, but Garris.
But Garris, let's see.
That's the answer to everything from here out, but Garris.
Let me dip back into the archives here since DarkSakura made me do it.
Make you do shit.
Let's see how I pronounce her name.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Attention to parents at Golf Land. This goes for not just Roseland Golf Land, but any golf land.
Any arcade.
Because Jamie circulates a lot. She gets around, Jamie.
Oh yeah.
And so many different arcades.
She gets around.
If you don't mother your child, Jamie will.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not gonna do your job, god damn it, I will.
Join us every Sunday night from 7 o'clock until 9 o'clock Pacific Standard Time for the Orange Lounge.
With your hosts, DarkSakura and Sky, where we'll talk about all things Bomani.
There you go.
In the meantime, enjoy.
That was episode one right there. Episode one.
That was the little promo cut from episode one.
By the way, it's not my job to parent anybody else's child.
It's my job to mock you for not doing your job right.
Has your opinion changed after ten years?
Well, I will remember I was very anti-child for a long time and then I decided I wanted one.
And now I'm happy being the aunt.
Because then that means that I can go over to Becky's house and play with Julian whenever I want to and then give him back.
That's a great arrangement.
Yes, it's perfect.
Let me go also, of course, to the man who wasn't even supposed to be here today in the beginning.
But we just, he loved the show so much we made him a third co-host.
And it's honestly, he retroactively is a host from episode zero through twenty.
Because how could he not be a full-time host orange entree.
The show would not be the same without him.
Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I have a headache.
Aww.
All this time later and now you have a headache.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I wish I could like, I don't know, give you Tylenol or something to help you fix it.
But caffeine will work.
Nah, probably not. But we'll try.
And of course the chat room is dying to know what celebratory food for the tenth anniversary of OLR.
Um, McDonald's because it was very late.
And that's really the only reason why.
It's because I had to get some, I was like, sitting on my couch with my laptop trying to finish something.
And I was like, ah crap, I need to leave now.
I need to just stop what I'm doing.
I need to leave now.
And the only thing that's on the way that's quick is McDonald's.
Anyhow, the always present fourth guest in our show is the chat room.
If you guys are participating with Orange Lounge Radio live at the VoG Network.
The Voice of Geeks Network where we tape live six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
every Sunday night right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
www.vognetwork.com
I hope you guys are participating with us at live.vognetwork.com
And we have some folks in chat room starting off with WhatUpG tonight saying,
OLR was two hours?
It kind of outgrew that time frame.
If you can believe it, the original podcast, the way we envisioned the podcast,
the To Go Edition podcast, was supposed to be 20 minutes.
The OLR To Go Edition was supposed to be a 20 minute show.
Yeah, that didn't work out so well.
SSG100Matt says, Rob got better in Japanese pronunciations by reading Japanese game release dates.
Arigato.
All right.
You actually did say that fairly decently, Rob.
I'm getting better.
You're getting better.
A little better, a little bit.
It's only taken me 10 years.
All right.
Let's say hello over on the couch in our little cramped apartment.
We've filled things up here in the OLR studio tonight.
We have some special guests joining us for this very special 10th anniversary show.
And I want to say hello to them for a little bit.
Up first.
Rob, is your guy doing the Cabbage Patch?
Yes, I am in the-
Lord.
On a DDR machine nonetheless.
Dark Soccer is referencing the VOG Network Sony PlayStation Home Clubhouse,
which I think I'm the only one in right now.
And he's doing the freaking Cabbage Patch.
On a DDR machine.
How the fuck else are we going to celebrate 10 years of this show?
By doing a dance from the 80s.
I'm going to do the Cabbage Patch right now.
We turning 10.
We turning 10.
Thank God this is radio.
Damn it, I couldn't get my camera up in time.
Huh.
And it's radio.
You'll never get to see it.
But these guys just saw that.
Say hello.
Joining us all the way from St. Louis, Missouri.
Say hello to Misty.
Because I know you're wondering, between delays, layovers, and actual travel time,
it took about three days to get here.
Now that's because you don't fly.
Exactly.
But you took the train.
But you're like a huge train fan.
You're a train fanatic.
You've been places I've never been thanks to your love of trains.
Which is ironic because my dad, for 35 years plus, probably was a train conductor.
Yet I never rode on trains.
It was this really weird thing.
You are so fired.
I guess not.
So.
Alright, anyhow.
Well, hello to you.
How are you today, I guess?
Very good.
What made you want to be here for tonight's show?
Gee, I wonder.
Gee.
It is kind of a big deal.
Alright, say hello as well.
Joining us from, I don't remember exactly what suburb.
I just say New York City.
It's kind of like, we're in the Bay Area, although not really.
This next guest is from New York City.
Say hello to JV Mon.
Hello, everybody.
How are you doing?
Good, and you?
Good.
Your first time on OLR.
First time in person, yeah.
Well, it's kind of hard to be on the show when you're 3,000 miles away.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Where in the city are you exactly?
I'm from Riverdale in the Bronx.
Okay.
Oh, so you're in, okay.
I can never remember.
It's a big city.
It's a big place.
And it's far away.
I went once.
Yeah?
Once.
Once?
What did you do in New York City?
Oh, nothing.
Just played at Carnegie Hall.
Oh, okay.
Just a little something something.
Band trip.
What brings you to California?
You came all the way for the 10th anniversary show, right?
That and my sister also, yes, just for that.
Nothing else, no.
My sister actually lives in the Bay Area, so I came to visit her.
And I've just been here for like the past week.
And I was like, oh, my vacation comes inside with the 10th anniversary.
Might as well make a visit.
What a nice convenience.
I'm sorry that the drive was all trafficy.
You're trying to get here today.
No, yeah.
Well, that just gives you the full experience of living here.
Well, Pecorino says, my fellow, you're a beat nerd.
Yes.
And then Vince Raven asks if you're a Digimon.
Am I?
My name does come from Digimon, yes.
Bimon was my favorite Digimon growing up.
Yes.
Growing up.
I watched a lot of Zero Two in Japanese.
Boy, that's going to be kind of the theme of tonight, isn't it?
I think Dar Sakura said before the show, we're officially the podcast for middle-aged gamers.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
The show we started in our...
That's in another 10 years.
The show we started in our 20s is now 10 years old.
You do the math.
That's okay.
We feel young, and that's the important thing.
Now get off my lawn.
What kind of awesome Bay Area things have you done while you're here?
Did you go to the Metreon and have a cry?
No.
Is the Metreon even still open?
It's a movie theater and big empty spaces.
I haven't been to the Metreon since like 2004.
Okay.
Metreon was like home of the most awesome DDR tournaments 10 years ago.
Like there was an epic, you know, one where they gave away a DDR machine,
and then they had that epic arcade, and they had all the crane machines,
and they had the oops cat.
What the hell?
Oops, I went to hell store.
What was her name?
That mascot.
I used to love those shirts.
Somebody in chow will think of it.
And then there's the official Sony store was there as well.
And now they're talking about putting a Target in there.
The fuck?
And look, I love Target, but...
You know they have like the gamer walk of fame?
Oh yeah.
That little catwalk thing?
They do. That's right. That is there.
But I always remembered the half-faded DDR machine where they never moved it,
and so half of it was like white, and the other half of it was like DDR machine,
and even the screen was faded.
It was awful to play on.
But Garris.
So what cool Bay Area things have you done while you've been here?
Since it's my first vacation in like four years, and my first time out here in like eight,
I've just been doing a lot of touristy stuff.
Touristy stuff?
I've been pretty much at all the tourist tracks.
You went to Pier 39, and Alcatraz, and Napa.
I went to Sonoma, not Napa.
Oh, excuse me, princess!
It's all booze.
I got myself lots and lots of wine. I was very happy.
Good times.
But I went to Pier 39 and saw what it became. I saw the Riptire arcade was gone.
Yep, that we...
I cried a little bit. I was like, oh, that hurts my soul.
We broadcast live from that sports bar that used to be an arcade in the back there.
That was actually, I gotta say, that was one of our earliest achievements really as a station,
was that we did, we used to do broadcasts from DDR tournaments,
and we did the Sacramento ones, of course, we broadcast.
Not that very first one in Folsom, because we didn't really have the ability to do it,
but I know we did a couple from Scandia,
and then we took our rig all the way to the Bay Area and broadcast live from that.
I think the tournament was called B3, and it was a great time.
Because that was when me and Megumi decided we were going to just leave the second day.
Awesome. So, yeah, good times.
Well, I hope you enjoy the rest of your stay, and when do you leave?
I leave Tuesday, which I'm kind of sad I don't get to go to your birthday celebration.
Let's not talk about that on air. Maybe after the show.
Whoops.
All right.
You heard nothing.
I like the listeners to know me, but there's some things they don't need to know about me.
And what we're doing to celebrate my birthday, not everybody needs to know.
Maybe later, if you're good.
Reading a good book with a cup of coffee.
That's right. Of course.
We're going to have a poetry slam.
In case you don't know, my birthday is the same week as OLR, like by pure coincidence.
We implanted that way, but my birthday is Tuesday, so, you know, yay, I'm old.
All right.
Also joining us tonight, now, he didn't travel a great distance, but his journey has been especially long.
He's the one person I know was here for episode one that has been here for pretty much every single episode since.
I mean, give or take a couple.
He probably tuned into it on the podcast at some point.
Ladies and gentlemen, here in the studio tonight, OLR's oldest listener.
You know, not like actual age, but like how long he's been listening.
Say hello to Dark Tetsuya.
Hey, guys.
How you doing, Dark Tetsuya? You might want to talk to this mic.
Oh, good, good.
So, what's new?
Oh, not too much, you know, just hanging in there.
Not us.
Since you've been listening to OLR for such a long time, you were here for episode one,
and now here you are for episode number 462, which is the 10-year celebration.
What's changed in 10 years?
Well, well, DDR kind of died.
If you were in PlayStation Home right now, it would look like it's still – look at that.
Tiger Claw got up on the machine with me, and now we're both dancing.
You would think DDR is all the rage if you were in the VOG Clubhouse right now on Home.
So, it's still the rage.
What has kept you motivated to listen to this show over the past 10 years?
I don't know, just, you know, being able to hang out with you guys all this time.
Did you hear that, Dark Sakura? We're awesome.
I know, and old.
Dark Tetsuya, if this happens to be somebody's first week listening to OLR,
what piece of advice would you give them about the show?
Oh, man, I – put me on the spot here.
I don't know, man, just –
Be prepared for anything.
Be prepared to freeze up because it's live radio and anything can happen.
Absolutely. It's live and uncensored.
And we do have one more guest here in studio tonight that is dying to say hello.
Say hello, final guest tonight.
That's right, the OLR ferret is in the house.
Actually, this is the OLR ferret's cousin because we don't know where the original OLR ferret is,
but this is an imposter that's here on the show tonight.
Thanks to the magic of radio, you guys won't know the difference anyway.
There you go, OLR ferret there in the house.
Well, there we are.
Thank you guys so much to all you guys in our chat room and podcast feed and so much for tuning into the show.
You know, we did start the show 10 years ago.
We were three friends who all met playing Dance Dance Revolution at a local arcade.
And, you know, the scene was really hopping then.
There was tournaments and, you know, all these things that would go on, a huge website, DDR Freak, that everybody posted on.
It was a really big community.
And because I was co-participating in a show about another community, a Rocky Horror Picture Show show called Under Sedation Live,
that was born of that community, I kind of had that seed planted in my head.
And Dark Sakura did as well, having guessed it on that show so many times.
Hey, why couldn't we do something like this for the DDR community?
Let's take a show and then have it just be all about tangents and say it's about the community.
And that's kind of what happened.
Oh, by the way, this is really good coffee, Rob. Thank you.
You're welcome. Anytime.
So, and here we are 10 years later.
And granted, the shows had to evolve a few times.
We went from being two hours to three hours.
Then we started doing this little thing called a podcast that who knew that Apple was going to latch onto it and it was going to take off.
And then, you know, we've been on three different networks now.
And it's just it's been a crazy ride.
But here we are. Some things stay the same.
And here we are after 10 years.
And I really want to just thank you guys for being a part of it.
Whether you started listening last week or this week or your dark Tetsuya who's been listening for the past 10 years or anywhere in between.
I just really want to thank you guys for your support because I can't speak for Dark Soccer and Loki.
I'll let them speak in a minute here.
But if you ask me what kind of motivates me over the past 10 years to continue to do this show and I get asked this quite often by other podcasters.
You know, there's a lot of great people that have achieved a lot of great things out in podcasting.
But occasionally I get asked from a podcaster who's been doing it for six months.
This is a lot of work. How have you done this for the past 10 years?
And for me, it's honestly the fact that somebody is listening.
And by somebody, I mean one person listening is is an amazing accomplishment.
I mean, it really is. And just the fact that now you guys show up and it's like the thing we all do on Sunday.
It is it is a true community that we've built here.
I mean, it's a small community. We're not IGN.
We're not one of the top shit. We're not one of the top 100 podcasts and video games on iTunes.
We're not really a top thing, but we like what we've built and we like this community that we have.
And, you know, it's it's such a huge motivator to have you guys turn up and just enjoy listening to our random rants on gaming.
You know, because obviously we don't have the resources to break gaming news.
Once in a while, we might then get in big trouble for it.
But it's it's awesome that, you know, you guys turn it tune in to hear our opinions.
And we're so thankful. Dark Soccer, what's kept you motivated for 10 years?
Oh, my God. Actually, I just got a link from one of our listeners who wrote us,
who played a happy birthday song for us on Ukulele on YouTube.
I'm going to send this to you. Really? He used to work with Dan.
Oh, yeah. Well, is it safe to play on air?
I can't hear it on here. So I guess that's the only way we'll find out.
All right. I'll cue it up. But in the meantime.
But my motivation is Rob making me a cup of coffee every week.
And Garris.
Garris is the reason for life.
No, it's pretty much what you said. That and, you know, needing my ego.
To be petted like it's a fine Persian cat.
You want your E-peen to be huge.
No, I want my E-vage to be tight.
Wow.
I've been waiting to say that for a while.
Wow. That's one to send to Travis. All right.
Loki, what's kept you motivated for 10 years?
I'm motivated. It's news to me.
Bacon. Bacon has kept you motivated.
I don't know. I just come here every week.
Well, you know, I you and I personally went through some really big changes.
I'm sure Dark Sakura too. But I'm thinking of, you know,
you had a big personal life thing happen during the show.
I had a big personal life thing happen during the show where I was very sick and I damn near died.
And I think you heard Rama say it there in the little piece of the opening there.
Like sometimes we kind of get into these things about our lives that really have nothing to do with gaming.
But the fact that you guys still like care like means a lot.
And, you know, I know there was a lot of people thinking of me when that was going on,
thinking of you when you had your crisis going on, thinking of Dark Sakura.
I don't know when she gets sick every week. No, I'm sure Dark Sakura had something.
I don't get sick every week.
Every other week.
I started a job.
Actually, you did. Well, you. Well, OK.
The chatters thinking of you when you were going through two years almost of unemployment, right?
Yeah. And I actually I was doing the show when I had the plague.
That's true.
I remember when I was doing the show for three months with pneumonia.
So. But the fact that you guys, you know, kind of care means an awful lot anyway.
By the way, chat room, no one wants a huge vag.
Just saying. All right. That's not good for anybody involved.
Look, I just want to plug this to as well.
Vogue network dot com. The voice of Geeks Network.
As you know, our third network where we've done O.L.R., it's new.
It's still kind of got the new paint smell.
There's lots of exciting things that are happening at Vogue Network.
Our forums just got a facelift this week. They look great.
I do want to plug as well. Make sure you check into tonight's show.
If you're listening live, you get a special piece of one time loop for listening.
Podcast listeners, I'm so sorry we don't have anything for you yet in that regard.
But I do want you to know we are working on podcast listeners being rewarded as well.
Keep in mind the site is only a month old and we have one guy, Bobby Black Wolf.
He's the man building it all.
So do you know, we want to be fair for everybody and let the podcast folks have their say too.
But we just need a little more time to get all that program.
So bear with us.
Anyhow, let's move on.
So am I going to play this? Am I going to play the birthday song here?
This is a birthday song from, what's the name he goes by now?
Shezro? Is his name online I think?
Here we go. I'm going to play this YouTube here.
Hey, what's up guys? It's your boy, Scarzo.
Just want to give a quick birthday shout out to the one and only OLR aka Orange Lounge Radio.
Man, ten freaking years. Ten years running strong, making a kick ass live show and a wonderful podcast.
I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my fart, I mean heart, yeah.
So anyway, before this video gets...
Did he say the bottom of his fart?
Maybe he was going to say his fucking heart.
His fucking heart.
But he censored himself and then it made it sound like he said fart.
Camp, I don't wanna, we love you in our hearts.
And when I think about you, you make me wanna...
Too long, I take too much of your time.
I'm just going to play a song for you real quick. Check it out.
Anyway, happy 10th birthday Orange Lounge Radio and thank you so much for being a great part of my life.
The show rocks. Like who else is going to get serenaded by a ukulele?
That's awesome.
That's so awesome. Thank you so much for that.
I'm dying to know what this related video here is on the side that says Asian Giggles.
But I guess I'll have to find out another time.
Because we have to get into our gaming weeks and the type of stuff that you have been playing this week, your gaming week.
How was it? Dark Soccer, starting us off tonight.
Garris.
Okay, I beat Mass Effect on Friday and promptly installed Mass Effect 2 because I, when I found out that the digital deluxe version was on sale for 11 bucks with the first one, thank you Shane.
I bought it, which my husband congratulated me on buying two copies of the same game.
And then I spent the money that I would have spent for the Steam version, that extra 10 bucks, and bought the Kasumi download content so I could have Badass Ninja Chick.
She is amazing. I love her so much. You'll love her.
But it came with the, whatever. Dan Shadow has been congratulating us and he wants to send us an email.
So anyway, but it also came with the Cerberus Network pack and Zaid, who I actually really dig because he makes me think of Jane from Firefly.
I think he's kind of a dick, but whatever.
Well that's why he makes me think of Jane from Firefly because Jane's a lot of a dick.
And Grunt kind of is weird but yeah, so I've gotten like a bunch of the other characters and I had myself like a little girlgasm when I found Garris again because I was happy.
And I've, so I've actually been playing Mass Effect 2 for 14 hours to the point that I, and I was already a little sick.
And I got so motion sick playing it doing the Normandy crash which actually made me cry a little bit because Presley's dead.
OMG spoilers in those first five minutes. Whatever.
So anyway, I actually got so motion sick I threw up and had to stop playing for about 10 minutes until I turned it back on and played until 5am.
Overslept and missed my spot on Girls Gone Wow this morning.
How is Sil gonna feel that too much Mass Effect made you miss Girls Gone Wow Wednesdays on VOG?
That I was also like really not feeling well. Oh I'm sorry.
I missed seeing Brave this morning too because Dan was going to take me to see Brave and I was like I didn't sleep.
And then I apparently texted you in my sleep.
Well you're not alone in your love for Garris by the way we have Fifth Dream in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says I have girlgasms for Garris and I'm a boy.
Okay see see. Anyway so I did actually play some World of Warcraft like for because we have the Druid Guild, Druidia. So if you're playing Alliance on Blade's Edge we are called Druidia and you have to be a druid to be in it.
Because I actually think it would be hilarious to be a raiding guild with nothing but druids. Don't you think so?
And Rob's got one in there. Miss Nomi Malone. I do I have Nomi Malone. I'm a dancer not a stripper. Yeah.
So I did a little bit of that and I'm still playing the Mass Effect 3 data pad on my phone.
Which I mean because like six hours I check it do more missions turn it off check it another six hours you know because that's how long it takes.
Because my galactic will be readiness by the time I play Mass Effect 3.
Awesome. I fucking love Mass Effect 2 so much more than the first one. Right?
Garris. Like it's not that the first one's a bad game. Bitch needs to give me his mission.
He will soon. He needs to give you more than that I imagine. Some bird love.
Alright anyhow anything else in your gaming week DarkSira? Mario Marathon.
Oh yes this is the weekend for them. That was sort of part of my gaming week because we watched people in odd Mario costumes with a neat looking game room play Mario.
They were on 64 when I stopped watching.
I almost feel bad because we have some people that have been tweeting us and so forth saying that they stopped watching Mario Marathon to come you know to our 10th anniversary show.
Which I deeply appreciate I almost feel bad because that's a charity event but I'm sure y'all are watching and donating and I figure you know if you're watching them for 72 hours you can spare one for us.
And since we aren't asking for donations tonight we will say go donate to a great charity child's play through Mario Marathon.
Well Dan and I donated and if you look at when they hit level 72 you will see Dan and Jamie parentheses OLR.
Oh nice.
So that's our donation put them to level 72.
Very cool.
So go look at their page and give them some money after the show.
Awesome. Let's move on and Tech Master Loki how was your gaming week?
I played Minecraft. More Minecraft. I've been working on the mine cart track entrance to my giant volcano thing.
How are you dealing with Friday's patch?
Oh it's just fine. There's still way to do pin it so it doesn't matter.
Of course. Of course where there's a will there's a way.
And then what else. Oh I played Lollipop Chainsaw and I'm disappointed.
I mean how do you take a game that has a scantily clad cheerleader fighting zombies with the music by Akira Yamaoka and you know over the top madness that you would see in Suda51 and make it completely boring.
How is that possible?
I mean you just can't but yet they found a way to do it.
And yes it is an incredibly boring game that I literally said I'm not playing the same word.
That's really disappointing.
Yeah.
I want to play it.
I know I still want to play it.
It's my friend's copy.
Oh.
Don't.
Anything else?
A little bit Modern Warfare 2 or Modern Warfare 3 and yeah that was it.
So I didn't play a lot of new games this week but I think I might have a problem.
Because here's the thing.
So I have Mass Effect on Xbox right?
And Dark Soccer.
Oh shoot.
I know right. I had Mass Effect on Xbox until a certain co-host of mine took the copy.
That's all right. No because wait till what I'm going to say next.
But Shane's been bugging me to play it on PC and then Alan plays it on PC as well and he's like oh the graphics are better and da da da da da.
Which is true.
Your video card will look so nice.
Da da da.
And then I saw that Amazon sale where I could get the first two games for $11.99.
So I was like ah all right I'll buy it.
I'll buy it.
So I started playing Mass Effect 1 again and this time I'm playing as her Renegade and da da da.
And then somebody told me that Mass Effect 3 was on sale at Best Buy for $39.99.
So I bought Mass Effect 3 again on PC.
That's right.
I own the entire Mass Effect trilogy on Xbox 360 and PC now.
And I've been playing Mass Effect 3 multiplayer almost all weekend long when I haven't been doing stuff for the show.
I don't feel bad anymore.
Like it is addicting.
And I got to say you know I'm not trying to start an Xbox versus PC war.
There's advantages to both.
There really are.
I do miss playing on my TV.
I like that and you know there are some advantages to the controller.
But I got to say I am so much better with the keyboard and mouse.
And that surprised me because I remembered in the past games like Halo and things like that I was way better with the controller.
But Mass Effect my headshot count like tripled with keyboard and mouse.
I'm so much better with it.
And like I am kicking ass with my engineers which is the class I love to play in multiplayer.
My little combat drones and setting people on fire.
It's amazing.
I'm playing in Adept.
So but I have literally bought the same game.
Same three games.
Twice.
On two different systems.
I have a problem.
Loki do I have a problem?
He's nodding yes I have a problem.
You know what Rob don't feel bad about that because anyone who is a Street Fighter fan feels your pain.
Just look at how many different copies and different consoles worth of Street Fighter 3 I have.
Alright.
Otherwise that was pretty much it as far as like making.
I played some World of Warcraft and some of the other stuff too that I've kind of been playing things on the iPhone and so forth.
But not a lot of new stuff.
So that's really it for my gaming week.
Let's all and yeah.
This is the really sad part.
You ready?
Shane is in our chat room who goes by Shane Olenko says Rob now has more Mass Effect than I do.
Jim Sally in our chat says that's a little too much Mass Effect hoarding sky.
But I agree mouse and keyboard equals sexy headshots.
Actually Jim Sally let me talk about this since I did have a short gaming week.
This whole Mass Effect 3 thing where I'm better with the keyboard and mouse actually has me thinking.
Oh my God maybe I should like get into first person shooters.
What is happening to me?
Well you know how I got into PC gaming right?
What?
My hand.
Oh yeah because when your hand was was not as well.
And I'm doing all this with a trackball.
So.
But like I literally sat there today like seriously you guys have listened to the show a long time.
Many of you.
You guys on the couch you've all been listening for a long time.
I sat there looking at the PC going.
Maybe I should give battlefield a try.
Something's happening to me and I don't like it.
Suddenly I want to play first person shooter.
Are you feeling not so fresh?
This is so weird.
Like am I going to want Madden next?
Rob needs a gaming douche.
Oh my God.
Anyhow.
I think I may have to try.
I think I'm going to try a first person shooter.
Chat.
I'm going to ask chat.
Chatters.
What first person shooter should I play next?
If I enjoy Mass Effect multiplayer.
What first person shooter should I play next?
I'm going to ask the chatters that while we go around to the folks on the couch.
Guesting here tonight and ask about your gaming week.
Misty how was your gaming week?
More than, it was actually more existent than I anticipated.
And even for being on a train.
StepMania oddly works better than you might think at 79 miles per hour.
Played some other casual PC games considering I generally didn't have an internet connection.
Dabbled at Pocket Planes a bit.
That seems to be it.
Alright.
Playing games on the train.
Going faster than the speed of light.
Not really but.
Going to our chat room.
I want to see some of the comments here.
Let's see.
Jim Sally says Battlefield on PC.
Nietzsche says Battlefield 3.
Act Def says screw that get Team Fortress 2.
I do like Team Fortress.
I have played a little Team Fortress.
That is kind of fun actually.
Because I like playing a healer in that and using the little like bandaging gun.
That's actually kind of fun.
It's like the opposite of other first person shooters where you're not shooting things.
You're like shooting them with life.
Dark Knight says Monday Night Combat.
I've heard that one's pretty good.
Drunami says Gears of War.
I see a lot of people seeing Halo.
See I loved Halo 1 and Halo 2.
You guys keep shouting Halo 4.
I can't play a game that's not out yet.
I was not in love with Halo 3 I got to say.
Borderlands says Degenerate Johnny.
I do have that on Steam.
And I tried to play that for a little bit.
So maybe I should go back and do that.
Zether says Quake Live.
I do love Quake.
Quake is real good.
So thank you for the suggestion.
I second Borderlands because you like loot right?
You like loot in Diablo and stuff like that?
I like loot at vognetwork.com.
Well I'm just saying that you can also.
That's basically a first person shooter with a lot of loot.
That's cool.
You like tons of weapons.
I like shinies.
It's funny.
Alright I think Borderlands might be a winner.
I'll have to check that out.
Is there multiplayer in Borderlands?
4 player co-op.
Oh sweet.
Kind of like Mass Effect.
I like co-op shooters because people are nicer on that.
Like I have yet to meet jerks on Mass Effect.
One thing that really annoyed me about Mass Effect though.
I forgot to say this.
Okay buying it on Best Buy.
Fuck that Best Buy front end program that I had to use to download it.
Because once I downloaded it.
Origin wouldn't even recognize the download.
Thank God it took my key.
I had to re-download.
I had to download 10 gigs twice.
Because that stupid Best Buy front end program can't talk to Origin.
And I'm still not Origin's biggest fan.
I will say it is integrated very well and it has a nice interface.
I mean it's fucking better when it's all your games right?
But.
Yeah I was really pissed at having to download 10 gigs of stuff twice.
Anyway.
Hi JV Mon.
Sorry.
Hello.
How was your gaming week?
Pretty good.
I've been playing Vita and 3DS.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Luminous Electronic Symphony.
Pokemon Black.
And at my sister's place I've been playing Hexic.
Nice.
I think Luminous is the only Vita game people are still playing actually.
It's kind of the one that has the most replayability out of the launch lineup.
Well I reserved a copy of Gravity Rush at work.
But the shipment never came in before I left for work the day before I flew out here.
So I'm kind of sad I didn't get to play that because the demo was so good.
You know what I need to get the demo for since you brought up 3DS.
That Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance demo.
Yes.
Yeah I want to check that out.
Bobby's talking about tonight.
I just played that too.
That was pretty good.
Nice.
Nice.
And what else have I been playing?
Civilization III even though you'd think it's terrible.
Worst one in the series but okay whatever.
Don't worry Rob everyone's allowed to be wrong.
That's right you are allowed to be wrong.
I'm just saying Civ V is like 11 billion times better and just had an expansion this week.
Which I have yet to check out because I know when I start playing it I will come out like 3 days later.
I'll probably check out Civ V once my boyfriend gets a better PC.
Because we play together so that's the main reason why we play Civilization.
Okay that's cool.
Yeah I think Civilization III is like the most recent one he can run on his computer.
Oh I see it's one of those situations where somebody's using a computer that's old for lack of a better term.
Yeah.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya what have you been playing this week in gaming?
Not too much I mean a little dusted off the 2DS controller played a little bit of that.
We can barely hear you so I'm going to have you switch mics.
Dusted off the 2DS controller.
I've been playing a little bit of that on PlayStation 2.
Let's see a little bit of StepMania.
I've been doing this weekly thing where I bust it out every Saturday and just play till I drop.
That and probably a little bit of New Super Mario Brothers Wii trying to get all the World 9 coins and levels done.
And a little bit of Mario Kart.
I was thinking about Mario Kart today because I wanted to throw a red shell at the car in front of me but hey that's whatever.
You reminded me of something that I did in my gaming week though that I wanted to talk about.
Is that Misty and I went on an adventure yesterday.
We went on an adventure to break the law.
No we thought about it but we went to Roseville Golf Land.
Which you know we have a long history with Golf Land here on this program.
It is the place we all met right?
Milpitas.
Every year we go to Roseville Golf Land it gets sadder and sadder.
So Misty and I went this weekend.
It's the first time I've been there in a year and a half.
Easy.
And let me put it this way.
The game I got the most excited about was when I went in the back corner and I was like.
Oh my God they have a working Soul Calibur 2 machine here.
I was just glad that there was a Guitar Freaks machine there because I was actually in the mood to play it.
So I ended up doing like two credits in that and one credit in the next two.
Didn't even touch the Disney Mix.
I played doubles on Disney Mix.
I actually got my butt up on a DDR machine for the first time in a couple years and I played doubles on Disney Mix.
Because I'm hardcore.
Anyhow.
Alright.
That's enough for our gaming weeks.
Let's move on folks.
We got to get into the news tonight.
A little bit of housekeeping.
We're going to open up the show for extended calls a little later on.
Part B. There's not going to be much news in Part B tonight.
Just you guys.
Emails, tweets and phone calls.
So get us added to Skype if we're not already on there.
Or get the phone number down.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll be taking those calls in the second half of our show.
But for now let's get to tonight's news.
And Loki's going to start us off with gaming news.
Yes.
Let's talk about...
It's kind of a duh.
Because we knew that there was a new system coming.
Just...
We thought that would be a little something something extra on there.
But it's not.
So apparently there is a new 3DS coming.
The 3DS XL is a larger version of the 3DS.
No duh.
And it doesn't have another circle pad.
It only has one circle pad.
What are they doing?
So it's a giant 3DS that now doesn't work with the circle pad pro and other accessories.
Like the...
I don't think it works with the...
Circle pad pro attachment?
Like the circle pad pro attachment.
Yeah.
So Nintendo really just fucked that thing didn't they?
Yeah.
It's hilarious too because there's a nice blank spot where there could have been the circle pad.
Except um...
I'm assuming that that's where the battery is now.
Well...
No there probably was supposed to be a circle pad there but they didn't want to like...
Admit failure so they just said...
We'll just put it out larger.
Is it possible that they might release a circle pad pro XL and in a smart move this time not make it exclusive to one store?
So that maybe I'll get one?
So how wide is this thing gonna be?
I mean seriously if it's larger as it is I gotta add something on top of that?
It's gonna be like 4 feet long.
I mean...
It's ridiculous.
Why would we...
I'm just glad I don't have a 3DS anymore.
Well not that I would necessarily have to buy the circle pad pro because I'm not playing any games that would...
Utilize it like Resident Evil which was apparently not very great.
The new Kingdom Hearts supposedly uses it.
If you're a lefty you get a lot of use out of it especially in like Kid Icarus and some of that.
Um...
Well...
You would if you know...
You can hold on to...
Yeah if you can actually hold the thing yeah.
I...
There's a lot I like about the XL.
I mean obviously if you've played a DSi XL those screens are gorgeous and it's nice to have like that huge screen.
You know it's really cool.
So I like the idea that there's gonna be a 3DS that's huge like that.
I'm hoping that you don't have to hold it further away from your face to get it to work right.
I'm imagining they calibrated it a little differently so it'll be okay.
Um...
But yeah I mean the bigness is gonna be nice it's gonna make the games look even better.
Which is exciting but then I...
The realist in me is like dude you already have a 3DS you don't need another one.
I mean yeah it has better battery life.
Whatever there's no...
There's really no must have thing.
If you need more battery life you can buy an extra battery for like another 30 bucks instead of buying a new system for another $200.
If I...
Yeah if I didn't have a 3DS I'd buy this.
But now I'm worried because Alan doesn't have a 3DS.
He's gonna be like Rob I want that for Christmas.
Anyways yeah the new top screen is almost 5 inches up from 3.5 inches.
And also the bottom screen is 3 inches as opposed to...
Or it's from 3 to 4.18 inches.
And apparently I guess if you do 1 to 1 mode on it for the DS stuff it's actual size for you know the regular DS.
Which would be nice because I think it's pretty tiny on the original 3DS.
Although I didn't play that many DS games so who knows.
And of course yeah price $1.99.
So August 19th.
Alrighty and that's the same day that that...
I know this isn't coming up on our show roll so we can mention here that Mario...
New Super Mario Brothers 2 with Coin Orgy or whatever is the subtitle of that game.
With the whole DLC.
Now Nintendo is like alright I guess we'll do DLC even though we used to put out quotes against DLC.
I guess that's kind of where things are going.
But you notice that Reggie stressed in that video this is a full featured game out of the box.
The DLC is just something extra for this whole like coin rush thing or whatever.
And why should I buy the DLC?
I mean I don't know they're just experimenting.
Because this whole online stuff is very new for them.
They have never been online before.
What a decade into the internet or two decades into the internet.
And this is their first time getting online.
It's like an elderly person getting a computer for this decade.
You know some things never change.
Why is it talking to me?
It's nice to have that consistency that 10 years ago Nintendo didn't get online and they still don't.
Some things have to stay the same.
They need to grow up though.
Going to some comments in our chat room.
I almost said the old one there.
Live.vognetwork.com for the people participating.
Shimapanic says the only thing I don't like about it same resolution but bigger screen.
So it's less pixel depth.
I'm still getting one.
YYR says I mean it should be more than $30 cheaper considering the difference in screen size.
And I guess that's oh the whole fact about the DSi XL. What the hell is going to happen to that?
That's a good question.
Will that go down in price?
I imagine they've got to phase out the old DS.
They already dropped the DSi XL price back in May.
Might have to drop it again.
He makes a point there.
Only $30 difference.
That's going to really kill the DSi XL.
They need to put that out for $99.
Tigerclaw in chat asks a Nintendo related question.
Says Rob, since you own the entire Mass Effect collection on the 360 and PC,
are you going to get Mass Effect 3 for the Wii U to complete it?
It depends what new awesome thing they're going to put on it.
You're also assuming I'm going to buy a Wii U.
I may not at this point.
It really depends on how great those games are.
So we'll see.
Let's move on to some more news. This is Nintendo related.
It's about a highly anticipated Nintendo game, Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
We knew that Nintendo was working on this game,
but what we didn't know that was announced this past week,
Namco Bandai is involved, and Bandai Namco both ways.
Both those studios are helping on the game.
Two folks at Namco were singled out to be working on this.
Kobayashi and Yoshihito Higuchi are both working on this game.
That's interesting.
Not the first time Nintendo and Namco have worked together.
And for the haters, I just want to remind you,
the last time Nintendo and Namco worked together in part with Sega,
we got the greatest fucking GameCube game we ever had, which was F-Zero GX.
So, but then I think, all right,
but Nintendo doesn't let third parties really do their games very often.
The last time they did, we got Metroid Other M.
I didn't dislike it as much as other people did,
but I understand why some people were really turned off by Other M.
So what do you guys think? Namco Bandai is involved now.
I think that means it's pretty obvious.
We're going to see some Namco characters show up now
as kind of those extra characters where we had Sonic and Snake
and all those characters before.
We're going to get what? We'll have Pac-Man.
What's really exciting, maybe we'll get the Prince from Katamari to Mashi,
although he's never been on a Nintendo product, has he?
Or was there a DS version of Katamari that I'm not thinking of?
There was supposed to be a DS version, but I don't think they ever made it.
So maybe the Prince couldn't be there.
What? Maybe from the Tales games? I don't know.
I might be stretching here, but what?
They could still do the Prince.
Pac-Man's going to eat him up, yum, yum.
That's true.
Just because, you know, they could do this stuff from the old school Namco games.
Mm-hmm. Like really old school games?
Like Dig Dug.
Yeah, Dig Dug. The Digger? Actually, that could be really bad
if they have a character in the game called Digger.
That could be very bad.
Mr. Driller.
Oh, Mr. Driller. That's even better.
Mm-hmm.
Or maybe Mitsurugi.
Vandy in our chat room suggests his pole position.
LocoPoco suggests Klonoa.
Yes!
That was a huge PlayStation thing, wasn't it?
And they'll have Hupal.
Oh, they did have Klonoa on GameCube.
Or, excuse me, Game Boy Advance, I'm pretty sure, at least, had one game.
And the Wii.
And the Wii?
Yeah.
I guess that could happen. There you go.
But, I mean, what about the Valkyrie?
Mm.
From that game that never came out in the U.S.
What do you guys on the couch think about Super Smash Brothers being developed by Namco, in part?
JVMon, aren't you a Smash Brothers fan?
Yeah, but it's not gonna come out for, like, another five years,
so it's no point getting excited for it now.
Good point. Let's move on.
Darth Zakra.
Garris. I mean, sorry, Mass Effect 3.
The Extended Cut DLC will be out for the PC, Xbox 360, on June 26th,
and on the 4th of July, which means it's already out for those two platforms,
and it'll be out on the 4th of July on the PS3.
By the way, just tangent.
Actually, it's not already out, because that's my birthday.
My birthday's Tuesday.
Sorry, brain. I'm a week ahead, Rob. I'm a week ahead.
That's all right.
But, by the time some of these people download it, you know.
That's true.
But, by the way, what the hell, 4th of July on a Wednesday, anyway.
So, it's going to expand on the events at the end of Mass Effect 3 through, quote,
additional cinematic sequences and epilogue scenes.
And there's another quote on here on how to access it.
To experience the Extended Cut, load a save game from before the attack on the Cerberus base,
and play through to the end of the game.
I had to do my, uh, sorry.
Welcome to, no.
Welcome to the Citadel.
Stop.
Sorry.
No, I actually laugh at the chick that worked for the Consort.
She just sounded so perky.
You know what's interesting to me, though, Jamie, is that, you know,
you're a new Mass Effect fan.
Kind of similar to me, but I luckily got on board just early enough
where now I've seen this original ending to Mass Effect 3 that a lot of people hate.
Unless you've YouTubed it, you haven't watched the original ending.
So, my question to you is, are you going to watch the original ending first,
or are you going to dive into Extended Cut as your ending?
I think I want to go into the Extended Cut just because of how much of the original was spoiled for me.
And it's partly my fault because I watched the damn video, you know, the music video,
which I don't even remember which one it was now.
But I think that I would like to go through and see it, have that be my experience,
and see if I'm still pissed off, and then go back and watch the other one.
Because I can always YouTube the other endings.
And I know that there's one that I liked that apparently like nobody else,
like the one where everyone gets all mixed up.
Black Lab is in chat. Puppy.
Puppy.
Yeah, I saw him earlier.
Yeah, he hasn't been here at the show in a while.
We got to fix that.
Yeah, what's up with that, dude?
Lost Puppy.
Puppy says in chat, oh wait, Mass Effect 3 DLC, Skyrim DLC, and SWTOR Patch 1.3 all hit Tuesday.
Well, didn't you hear? It's my birthday.
And it's all the game companies rewarding me for talking grand about all three of these games on Orange Laundry.
No, I don't know what it is. It is a crazy day for DLC.
I know Alan is really torn because he's both a Skyrim and a Mass Effect 3 fan.
I think he'll go for Mass Effect 3 first because that's the one he doesn't have to pay for.
Well.
We'll see.
To continue, and I'll go ahead and just read this quote too.
The extended cut endings will differ depending on choices made through the Mass Effect series.
So multiple playthroughs with a variety of different decisions will be required to experience the variety of possibilities offered by the new content.
Hopefully it will be different enough instead of palette swap endings.
No. There's no way it's going to be that.
I mean, the download is 1.9 gigabytes.
The game itself, and I can tell you this because I downloaded it twice this week, is 10 gigabytes on PC.
So that means there's like 20% what of the game is now, I mean, that's a lot of cinematics.
So I think there's a substantial amount of stuff here.
It kind of lends itself to the theory though that maybe they had had all of this content planned.
And rushed the ending.
Because I had been hearing from a number of people that the ending didn't make sense as far as it seeming to be just a quick band-aid over the whole thing.
I had heard that the original ending had leaked out to the internet, the script or something, and they changed it to kind of fuck with everybody.
Which I kind of believe, I mean, I don't know what to believe.
There's so much fan wank out there, especially in the Mass Effect universe, and very, very passionate people, you know, when you invest all this time into Mass Effect.
You know, I just, I'm hopeful for the DLC.
I did not hate the ending as is.
I can see why people were let down, especially when this whole, I mean, the let down for me is that you collect all these war assets and it has very little impact on the end.
Maybe you get a two second scene.
A five second cinematic is swapped out for another one.
I mean, it's very little.
That's the part that got me.
I didn't care about where they went with it story-wise.
I understand that there's some things they want to close up.
That if they do a Mass Effect 4, they want to do a new trilogy.
I understand that.
I don't blame them for making some final things happen to set that in motion.
I just, you know, and I think there's some people that are mad about that.
They want the same universe to continue and so forth.
My poor brain is just thinking on logistics.
What are all those people going to eat?
You can't eat Earth food.
Each other.
I mean.
Surely you saw the documentary on the Donner Party.
No.
I'm just thinking of all, they're going to have a long road home.
And then all the other people who can't get home.
That's just very sad.
All right, anyhow, before Jamie spoils anything inadvertently about the ending.
That's all I left it at, Rob.
Let's move on with more gaming news, Loki.
All right.
So this is, I'm kind of surprised by this.
You know, of course, there's the wonderful video game-esque movie coming out from Disney.
Later this year, Wreck-It Ralph, that's kind of a throwback to a bunch of old video games.
Plus, they've got a bunch of video game characters in there, including some from Nintendo.
Well, interesting enough, the game is only set to come out on Nintendo platforms this time around.
It's only going to be coming out on the Wii, 3DS, and DS.
And it's actually a game that's being published by Activision.
So I'm kind of surprised that they didn't bring it out on the other systems.
But that would be the case, so I don't know.
Very interesting. But that is coming out later on this fall.
That is interesting.
Especially if, you know, the whole deal about the fact that Nintendo characters are in the movie or because they're in the game and so forth.
My thought is this, is that they're putting out the Wii, like, DS and 3DS versions right now.
And then when it comes out on video, they'll put out a Wii U version, which will be the HD version.
Then they'll put out the PS3 and Xbox 360.
That makes way too much sense.
Well, they definitely won't be doing that.
How dare you bring logic into this show!
How dare you.
It's very possible that they may not.
I mean, like, Ice Age, they have a game coming out for that in July and they cut out the PS3.
So if they cut out the 360 in this one as well, it makes sense.
YYR in chat says, Activision would release on every platform if possible. There must be some sort of deal.
Well, just like I said, no. I don't think so.
Because if they think that it's only going to reach the kind of children demographic, then they're not going to get many sales from the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions.
Alright, let's talk about a remake.
There's been remakes, remakes, and more remakes.
This is one, though, that might actually really deserve a remake.
It's Okami HD.
Okami HD was announced this week by Capcom.
I guess Capcom's like, oh shit, the fans are rebelling. How do we please them?
So they're putting out Okami in HD on the PlayStation 3.
It's full 1080p HD.
It will also add PlayStation Move support if you're into that sort of thing.
It is also in Famitsu Magazine where this was announced on Twitter and of course on YouTube.
It is going to be launching. This is the really interesting part.
It's launching in Japan for 3,990 yen. That's about 50 bucks.
In the US, Okami HD is going to be on PlayStation Network 1999.
Haha, we get a deal. Sorry, Japan.
But that is awesome.
Yeah, but I bet it's going to come out with other neat stuff.
Yeah, you never know. The one in Japan might come with like, I don't know, stickers.
Box art that doesn't have an IGN watermark.
Maybe a soundtrack or something extra.
Now, now, now. It was only...
Oh, that was the Wii version.
I thought it was the...
There was something with the DS Okami-din, I think, that had some funky with that too.
Maybe the box art. I don't know.
It wasn't the game with the boss at level 30. That was a Bubble Bobble game.
You know what's funny? This is one of those games I never really got around to playing.
I missed it. I played a demo. That was about it.
But I really wanted to try this out.
And I think the price of 20 bucks, download online, is a great place to see this.
And just kind of looking at the trailer here, I know they do some comparisons
between the PlayStation 2 version and the PlayStation 3 version in the trailer.
And it looks great. When they put it side by side, it looks really, really good.
There's the PlayStation 2 version here we're looking at in the studio.
And then it goes, oh, look at that in HD, widescreen, color. It's great.
So, yeah, that's going to be a fun playthrough, I think.
And trophies for your E-peen.
Moving on, one more story and then we'll get to release dates.
And just a little ways away from the classic game of the week, which, yes, of course, we have one tonight.
Dark Sakura, first up with some news.
How about some Blizzard stuff?
This actually, they're clarifying the restrictions on the Diablo 3 players.
Basically, patch 1.0.3 has new measures in it to make sure that players have to wait up to 72 hours
before they can access the whole game.
So they're trying to make it more secure.
And the quote here says, for security reasons and to help ensure the integrity of the game and auction house service,
players who purchase the digital version of Diablo 3 may have to wait until payment verification is complete
before they can access certain game features.
So basically, it's kind of like what they were doing with WoW,
where they need to make sure that there's no credit card fraud and cutting down on gold farming and that type of thing.
So here's the official list.
No public game access for unverified digiter, digital purchasers.
No auction house access, real money, or gold for unverified digital purchasers.
Unverified digital purchasers cannot trade items or drop items for other players to receive.
Unverified are not able to chat in public or game channels.
Unverified cannot attach a custom message to friend requests,
but they can send and accept friend requests and play with their friends.
Global play is not available for unverified digital purchasers.
But they said that they added the inability to progress past Act 1 and Level 13.
Well, I understand the need to protect the integrity of the auction house, especially when real money's at stake.
But that's kind of a shitty bargain for the legit people who are trying to buy the game online.
And it's a real concern for digital distribution in a way.
But my god, this real money auction house is really a lot of hassle.
You know, that auction house has really fucked this game up.
I mean, it's the reason why we have to be connected all the time, even in single player,
and why all those launch problems happen,
and now it's the reason why you can't even truly buy the game online unless there's a wait period.
And granted, you know, there's a part of me that's happy they do it,
because, you know, I don't want the credit card theft or whatever being used to buy copies of Diablo 3,
and then, you know, they're doing that.
But I don't know. God, this real money auction house is such a pain in the ass.
I'm just not even bothering with it, you know.
But yet Diablo 3 is a huge game. Huge, huge game. Go figure.
SHJ100Matt in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
Blizzard also got rid of some gold hotspots in Diablo 3, which sucks.
So they're trying to tone down the amount of gold farming, it sounds like.
Hmm. Interesting.
DDRDollarBill says, this is why I am not jumping on Diablo 3.
I'd be curious to know exactly how many people were Diablo 2 fans and Diablo 1 fans,
and didn't make the jump because of red tape like this.
Is it really a damning number or no?
Because, you know, reality is it's still the number one selling game the past couple months, right?
So, you can want them to fail all you want, but, you know, money is what ultimately talks.
Alright, let's travel around the world and look at some release dates
and some things that are coming to a game store near you.
This week we've got a few things.
Starting off with Spec Ops The Line on PS3, Xbox 360, and PC.
London 2012 Olympics on PS3 and 360.
Also, Dead Island Game of the Year edition on PS3 and Xbox 360.
The Amazing Spider-Man on PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS, and DS.
Just Dance Greatest Hits on the Wii and 360.
And... that's it.
I hope that Amazing Spider-Man movie is amazing and not amazingly horrible.
The game looks pretty good though.
Really?
The game is done by, was it Benox? I think they're the guys that did the last two games.
It's open world and it looks pretty awesome.
The DLC where you can play as Stan Lee looks fucking weird.
I was watching the YouTube interview with him.
I was just like, what the fuck is that?
It's kind of awesome in a creepy way.
Yeah, you're the creator of the game.
Hey, we want to make you fly around like Spider-Man. Okay.
He has to have a cameo in everything Marvel does.
I just hope that Adam West gets that kind of treatment someday.
Batman Arkham City 2 or whatever, you know, have Adam West.
Hurry before he dies.
Seriously?
Let's be real, the celebrities we love, they're getting older.
Him and Morgan Freeman, man. They just keep the old people and get them acting more.
They should do a buddy comedy.
Morgan Freeman.
And Adam West.
I don't know. Maybe.
It's just cool old bastards.
Cool old bastards.
You know what? Dan was going through this thing about watching the Batman, the Brave and the Bold.
And apparently there was an episode with a bat robot that was voiced by Adam West.
Nice.
Alright, let's move on to Japanese release dates and check out what's coming out in Japan near you.
On the Xbox 360, for all you Japanese 360 owners.
Cricket, cricket.
Gundam Musou 3 gets a price reduction.
But a new game called Robotics Notes comes out from 5PB.
I've never heard of that company.
But that is coming out on the Xbox 360 this week.
I'm trying to figure out what kind of game this is.
This looks like it's another, I don't know if it's like dating sim in the school type of thing.
What the hell? Wait a minute. It's like, yay, little girls are happy and dah dah dah dah dah.
And she's like pushing this guy that she probably secretly has a crush on.
And then, robots!
So Neon Genesis.
I don't know what the hell that is.
What is that that it comes with? Look at that.
It's a microphone.
Cosplay pieces.
Howdy partner.
Why don't you get up in my saddle and we'll raise robots together.
In our school uniforms.
What the fuck is this?
Pointing!
Giant mecha rancher.
Look at my finger.
I don't understand.
That one she's pointing and the look on everybody's face is like, oh my god.
It's like she's saying, who wants to smell my finger?
Are you sure that's a chick?
Yes, but if she had yellow ribbon in her hair I'd be like, is Haruhi?
I don't know.
Let's see.
Zether in chat explains, Robotics Notes is a sequel to a visual novel called Steins Gate.
Oh, well that explains everything. I'm so fucking angry.
Have you ever heard of Steins Gate?
Oh, you have?
Yeah.
Explain it to me.
I just heard of it. I don't know what the hell it is.
I'm aware of the title Steins Gate.
There is a book report due Sunday.
This is why I love having a chat room.
They can always be there to correct us when we're wrong.
On the PlayStation 3 this week, Biohazard Chronicles HD Selection.
Robotics Notes on the PlayStation 3 as well.
Atlier Aisha.
Kokon no Daichi no Rekonjutsu in regular and premium flavors.
And I did not know there was something in this series coming out on PlayStation 3.
But Dot Hack.
Sekai no Mukoni plus versus hybrid pack.
What is this?
Is this like the whole... Oh, it's a movie.
Oh, okay. I get it.
It's the movie and the fighting game.
That's what this is.
It's a bundle pack there.
Wouldn't it be weird if they did Dot Hack MMO?
That would be very good.
Dot Hack was a pretty cool series on PlayStation 2 though.
Have they done one on PlayStation 3?
I don't think they have.
This is the closest we get is a fighting game.
Alright, well.
Well, if the Persona 4 fighting game does well, then...
I guess anything's possible.
Taking a look quickly at the PlayStation Vita,
Metal Gear Solid HD Edition comes out in Japan this week.
I know that's one people will be looking forward to.
And there will be a crystal white PlayStation Vita.
Because, you know, who doesn't love more colors for their handhelds?
Speaking of companies that love colors for their handhelds,
on the Nintendo 3DS this week,
Cult Sept comes out in Japan.
I love this series.
And it's like a cult series.
A lot of people don't play it here, but Cult Sept is like,
it's Magic the Gathering meets Monopoly.
Yeah, you know this series?
Yes, I love this game. I'm importing it.
I didn't even know it was coming out.
Did you know they have one on the 360?
Yes, I think I'm the only person that still plays it on the Xbox 360.
Hold on, hold on, hold the mic.
Uh oh, Rob's going to get it.
Uh oh.
Wah, wah, wah, wah.
Two people own this game on the Xbox 360.
Two people in the world, old Cult Sept saga on the Xbox 360.
Well, they're you and I have a friend to play with.
I do, yay, we're friends, yay.
Are you my Xbox 360 friend?
Friends.
Friends.
Aww, that's so sweet.
They still haven't removed that 100 person limit,
even though they shut down Xbox Live on regular Xbox about two years ago,
so they could do that. Yeah.
Anyhow, lastly, did I leave out any systems?
How about the Wii? Is there anything coming out on the Wii this week?
Yes.
People still do the Wii.
One game, and it's called Zero.
Shinku no Chul comes out this week,
and it's about tormented spirits and a crimson butterfly,
and it's like a ghost scary game.
Oh, this is a scary game.
Wait, crimson butterfly, that sounds familiar.
Was that a...
That's a Wii game?
Those graphics are pretty good for a Wii game,
unless that's a cutscene.
Crimson butterfly, that sounds awfully familiar.
Yeah, it does.
Fatal frame? Oh, is this a fatal...
Oh.
No, there was one, it was a PS...
I'm thinking maybe it was a PS3 game,
it was a PlayStation Network download thing, I don't know.
Well, regardless, that is out on the Wii this week, so there you go.
Let's move on to the UK, Dark Sakura.
But I want biscuits.
Okay, everybody in chat says it is Fatal Frame.
It's part of the Fatal Frame series.
Hold on, I need tea and biscuits so that I can do this segment.
Okay.
On the 25th, we have Dungeons & Dragons Online Menace of the Underdark.
You know, that means dro.
27th, we have Resident Evil Chronicles HD Collection on PS3,
and the Dark Side Chronicles HD for PS3.
The 29th, Harvest Moon, The Tale of Two Towns,
because we can't have enough sheep and cows.
Mini Ninja...
I hate when people put an S at the end of a Japanese word to pluralize it
when that is totally incorrect.
So I am not going to say it the way it is on the box,
it's Mini Ninja Adventures.
Project Zero 2 Wii Edition, Ratchet & Clank HD Collection,
Spirit Camera The Cursed Memoir,
Spec Ops The Line,
and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Spider-Man!
Alright.
A few more news stories for you guys than the classic game of the week,
and I've been assured that Dark Sakura has picked a special game
for the classic game of the week this week.
But first, Loki!
So, Seth Killian has left Capcom.
Good for him!
Get off that sinking ship.
Yeah, so he's left the company as of Friday,
and basically just, you know,
I don't know, just moving on to better things.
And, you know, he said,
both as individuals and as a group,
you know, you have taught me more than I could have ever thought possible,
and I've chosen a new path that will let me embrace a new dream.
That dream being a game that does not have the DLC on disc.
Okay, maybe I made it up to the last part.
Could this be the very bad sign for future Capcom fighting games?
I don't know.
Yes!
I don't know. I mean, honestly,
I'm sure he has a lot to do with the fighting games,
but it's a team that puts that stuff together.
It's not just one dude, so...
He's not the only guy, too.
We just had a story last week about, you know,
other folks that were involved with that that were very stressed out.
Yeah, I probably saw that and didn't want to be worked to death,
so he said, fuck this, I'm out of here.
Did he say where he went?
No.
It could be interesting to see where he ends up.
That's the part of the story I want to know.
What did he leave for another opportunity,
or did he leave because he would rather go work,
like, at a law firm or something where he doesn't ever touch video games again?
I'd be very curious to know that.
He's going to work on the Phantom where he never has to touch video games again.
All right.
This is one of those stories that I think slipped under the radar
for a lot of people, but I think this is actually a huge deal.
So I want to talk about this a little bit,
and this is a story that was on Game Politics,
but, you know, it probably was on some other websites, too,
and it's about Tetris.
That's right, a game that is...
How many years old is Tetris now? It was done in the 80s or so,
so it's a very old game, but...
At least as old as you are.
One of the best...
Well, technically, that's true.
This is true.
It's not...
Hi!
It's older than the show.
Hi!
Nah, it only works when Jessica does it.
All right, moving on.
I got ferreted.
That felt good after ten years.
All right, so the Tetris company has actually won a battle in court
against a clone game,
and, you know, the iPhone app store has tons of these,
and it's out of control,
because Apple doesn't...
The people that are screening the games don't necessarily know
what intellectual property is what,
although I would think Tetris is a pretty easy one to pick out,
but, you know, what stuff...
Or Mario or Pokemon or Zelda or...
Remember when Pokemon Gold or whatever was, like, the number one thing,
and all it was was an app that was, like, pictures of Pokemon or something?
Pokemon, and the gold is going in my pocket.
That's right. Pokemon, give me your money.
Anyhow, Xio Interactive made this game called Mino,
and they said it was inspired by Tetris,
but when the Tetris company found the game,
they sued Xio for copyright infringement in New Jersey,
and during the legal fight...
Xio, Xio? I don't know. I'll say Xio.
Xio said that the rules and mechanics are fair use as ideas.
Rules cannot be covered by copyright.
Now Tetris said, no, you took all the Tetris assets,
so this game infringed on the copyrights,
which, you know, we have seen a lot of games that were heavily inspired by Tetris,
and we've seen a lot of things that are damn near rip-offs,
but the difference is Xio was, like, a fucking copy, right?
So in the ruling, the judge basically says,
here's what is and what isn't copyright.
The judge says the basic rulesets and gameplay cannot be covered by copyright.
He says the basic ruleset of Tetris is not copyrightable,
as the idea of a game in which shapes fall from the top of the screen
and have to line up with other shapes to clear the board
is not an idea you can copyright, hence Dr. Mario.
You know, Tangent I wasn't thinking of earlier,
but I am now, since I'm surrounded with like-minded people here.
Would that mean that a game with arrows scrolling up to the top of the screen
that you step on in time is also an idea that can't be copyrighted?
It would be interesting to te- I mean, now-
Well, according to some court cases against two competing games,
they were very similar like that.
It was settled. It never went to court, did it?
I believe it was settled.
So anyway, I'm just curious.
The world will never know.
Not to bring up news that's so fucking old, but I-
Does that mean it's old?
But the judge actually cited Dr. Mario,
as this game doesn't infringe Tetris copyright.
And I'm sure all of us go,
okay, Dr. Mario, heavily inspired by Tetris, obviously,
Nintendo trying to strike gold twice with the whole Tetris thing,
but it's not Tetris.
Dr. Mario is more of a Columns ripoff, but you know, I digress.
Well, but isn't Columns kind of a Tetris ripoff?
It's actually sort of Puyo Puyo, like if you want to pick something that's-
Yeah, anyway, but Xayo, according to the judge, copied more than this.
They copied the exact dimensions of the play area,
the shape, the color of the pieces,
I didn't even know that was a thing that was consistent in Tetris,
and other mechanics.
Because of this, that violates the Tetris copyrights.
The judge included side-by-side comparisons of the two games
that showed that they were identical.
They said that Xayo altered enough of the game,
oh, I'm sorry, the judge said that if Xayo had altered enough of the game,
like the play area, the shape, the look of the game pieces, their behavior,
it would have avoided this whole mess in the first place.
So what does this mean?
And again, going off the article at gamepolitics.com,
they say, not much.
The ruling was made in a district court with jurisdiction only over New Jersey.
So there's no precedence outside that jurisdiction.
This will certainly be appealed to the Third Circuit Court,
which means it could change.
But let's imagine, according to game politics here,
that it did have varying across the U.S.
Would it help people against the fight for other clone games?
It says not likely because the ruling is narrow in scope.
It's a win for Tetris, but it's a win for outright clones
as opposed to heavy inspiration clones.
And they go on to say, tiny tower versus dream heights? Nope.
Radical fishing versus ninja fishing? Nope.
Even though some of us sit here and go,
Zinga should be taken to the cleaners over what they did to tiny tower.
But this does not, apparently in this judge's ruling, wouldn't go far enough to do that.
Well, Zinga is smart enough to hire lawyers that probably specialize in intellectual properties.
And they tell them, okay, you need to change this, this, this, and this.
And you're gold.
And Game Guru in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
it means don't make your Tetris clones look like Tetris.
No, that is a good thing.
YYR in chat, I didn't realize this, says,
the Tetris company actually mandates all of those things these days,
including the color of each piece.
I never realized that. Crazy.
Anyhow, I just thought that story was fascinating,
especially with the copyright rampant infringement that we see in the iOS network,
you know, the store and all that.
So, yeah, there you go. We'll see what happens in the future.
I would be curious to see if there ends up being a ruling or if this gets appealed or what have you.
But of course, with our wonderful legal system, it will take years and years and years and years.
Speaking of years and years and years and years,
every week here on the show, Dark Soccer likes to spotlight the classic game of the week.
All of which I'm older than.
A game from the archives that Dark Soccer says,
hey, you should be respecting this game and you should play this game.
And for the tenth anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio,
I'm sure Dark Soccer has picked something very special tonight.
Dark Soccer, what is tonight's classic game of the week?
Pong. No.
Could have been. Pong would have been a good choice.
No, it wouldn't.
All right.
Boop. No. Beatmania 2DX.
A good choice.
Because with as crazy about DDR as we were, Beatmania was really our thing, don't you think?
Beatmania 2DX was the one that would give you a boner, yeah.
And I have to say that I didn't start with DDR myself.
I started with a little game called BM98,
which was a PC emulator of Beatmania 2DX that you could do, not 2DX, but of Beatmania that you could do custom music to.
So 2DX is really just, I think, the very natural one to pick.
Pollock.
It's a Beatmania 2DX song.
Heck yeah. Heck yeah.
This started my obsession with Taku on top of that.
So anyway, it first came out on February 26, 1999 in Japan.
And it's had 19 arcade releases and over 13 console releases on the PS2.
And it is the direct sequel to Beatmania.
So basically, I already explained how to play Beatmania.
If you don't know how to play by now, then what planet have you been living on?
But you have two extra keys than the original five key Beatmania.
And your turntable is on the opposite side depending on what side you're playing on.
So this has started right side pride and left side pride.
A lot of people thought that they were going to be badass and play on the left side.
Ooh, good for you. I play right side.
Left side pride, weakling.
And actually, it's a good thing I play right side because of my freaking messed up hand.
But honestly, we've seen people who are just absolutely amazing at this.
Like the dude who plays all of these anothers with one hand.
Or me.
Lisa.
You're a girl.
D'Artessio over there says Lisu.
I don't remember him. Yeah.
So anyway, we also had two different types of notes added with 2DX17 Sirius.
There's charge notes that you can hold and then release at the right time and a backspin scratch.
So you have to scratch directionally.
For difficulty, you go from one to seven.
And then in fifth style, you had a flashing seven that was the highest difficulty.
With 10 style, you actually had level eight.
And then an eight plus with 11, which was 2DX Red.
With Happy Sky, 12 is now the highest difficulty.
So it's getting way past me.
I think the last one that I was really into was eight style.
Which I think was the last one I bought.
Which we're looking at right now.
Yeah.
Then there was the extra stage system where basically you could, if you did very, very well, you could pick another song.
Ooh.
And also seventh style was the first one to bring in one more extra stage.
Which is an extra extra stage after meeting the requirements of playing the extra stage song.
And then 13 Distorted had multiple extra stage songs.
Gold had two different ones. The 1ES and the 1OMES.
So yeah, it was really getting crazy there.
Like where else can I go with it?
As far as the hardware goes, it actually had a full effector.
It had a bass platform transducer, the marquee, the DJ controller, and the effector.
So basically you could control what it sounded like.
Wouldn't we always pick the third one and then turn it up really loud?
Yeah, to make it really noisy.
So you could hear it over every freaking thing else.
Can I admit something here real quick? Not to interrupt you or whatever, but I do that.
Watching this video is making me very nostalgic, I have to admit.
No, it really does. I really miss playing this game, especially in the arcades and stuff.
I mean, yeah, I could try to go dig up my own version, but shit, my controller probably wouldn't even work anymore.
I don't even know if my Japanese PlayStation 2 works.
You have problems trying to hook them up to newer HDTVs anyway.
You have to find the song that got me into your beat.
What song is that?
Ultra High Heels.
Oh really?
I can do that.
I beat the hell out of that song, because I freaking loved it.
But yeah, I'm feeling very nostalgic right now.
Also the marquee is 16-segment display LEDs, so you could see the song information and titles while you played.
Yeah, turn this up.
This song is freaking awesome and so much fun to play.
It's just for me, I mean, even if...
A lot of people were like, oh, I have to play all the hard songs, but they were just songs that were fun.
So, like I said about the controller, you had your turntable on the left or right side, depending on where you were.
As far as the keys go, it mimicked the F, F sharp, G, G sharp, whatever, A, A sharp, B keys on a musical keyboard.
Also, it basically was connected with the EMU's platform, so you could use a card that would save your stats and your scores.
You also had, for a long time there wasn't there like the leaderboard or the scoreboard on the Konami website where you got a code and you could enter in everything like it was with DVR.
All kinds of really, really good artists, not just the musical artists, but they had their in-house artist designers with Konami who put out some fantastic digital work.
Especially the stuff that went along with all of the Tran designs.
There were, they put out like a bajillion different wallpapers every time a new game would come out that were amazing.
As far as the home versions go, you could flip out the controller, so you could play lefty or righty, however you want to play.
There were also, and I tried my hardest to buy the arcade style controller, and it would not work. They wouldn't take my credit card.
I tried. I was even going to have it shipped to a friend in Japan who was going to ship it to me. It didn't work.
One time I got Dan to agree to this. Oh, I was so pissed.
But there are aftermarket arcade style controllers that you can get, and tons of schematics out there to build it yourself.
For all the different music, I mean you had it from, we just heard some Eurobeat, we have different types of dance, we had, there was even quite a bit of R&B in the earlier versions I'd like to say.
Some crap songs in the earlier version too.
As far as the current one, which is 19, is it pronounced lingle? I guess. 600 songs.
Dingle.
Dingle.
Dongle. Maybe a 2DX19 dongle edition.
Awesome. I support that.
Basically the arcade versions run from a hard drive instead of a DVD, so for anyone who's actually ever downloaded the earlier versions, it's quite a bit. Like I said, hard drive.
So yeah, as far as characters that are related to the series, we have Tram, who is the little alien chick with white hair, we have Yamatotora, Mika Tsukuba, Yuri Aida, Akane Sugo, Emi Motegi, Azusa Suzuka.
Try saying that a few times fast.
I mean, there's basically a lot of cool characters, and you have the goalie characters, which is another one of the artists I really like who did the DJs.
Like Eriki, QJack, Nix, all of them. I freaking...
And I've seen some really freaking good cosplay, I just have to say.
In fact, I've actually got an issue of Cosmode that has its all 2DX cosplay. So Celica, all of that.
So anyway, there you go. You may need a 2DX. If you don't know what it is after listening to this show, climb out from under a freaking rock and clean out your ears.
There it is.
My man. I love you, Taku.
This song was so much fun to play.
I want to have lots of Tran babies with you.
That is a...
Not really.
A very good pick for the 10 year anniversary of Orange Laundrio. BeatMania, 2DX, all styles up to about 10th.
Yeah.
Just kidding.
Dongle style.
Dongle style. 2DX dongle style.
Alright, that does it for part A of our show. But don't go anywhere, guys. We have part B coming up.
And guess what? No news. Part B is all about you guys tonight.
That's how we want to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Orange Laundrio is with you guys.
We'll friend your butt.
Alright.
But if you don't call in, then we will do some more news. We do have some news standing by if we need to.
Otherwise, Loke, you'll just run through it quick. It's a last minute thing.
But we're hoping to get some calls here in part B.
But first, a break. Don't go anywhere. We got to save part A in case there's a power outage with six people here with all their computers and stuff.
So we'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio 10th style.
And for those of you guys listening live tonight, I'm very sorry we don't have a music break tonight.
But we do have clip show. That's right. Ten minutes worth of clips here during our break tonight.
And I want to thank Dark Tetsuya for scouring the internet and finding some of these clips from the OLR archive.
I want to tell you guys, a lot of this shit is fucking old.
Like most of this, I think the newest clip in here is from episode 148.
Otherwise, this shit is old. And it starts with a clip from episode number one.
And it ends with a moment that has been requested over and over and over again to be replayed.
And it's a parody on this show.
Oh, yes. Here we go. We'll be back after this.
I hate you.
That's right. You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Here we are live on our very first broadcast.
How's it feel, Jamie?
It feels like burning.
My thoughts exactly.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. This is a special edition because we decided to take Labor Day weekend off.
So we thought we'd tape the show a little early. So it's actually Wednesday night. We're at Golf Land.
But we are taping live. No do-overs. It's just like it was a live show.
So what do we want to do? We want to walk around and give a little tour of Golf Land.
I don't want to do anybody publicly.
Do you want to?
I'm holding adventure stuff. Who wants to hold my wood?
Thank you for volunteering for that. We just got a funny. Hi.
Oh, we're doing a school project. Yeah.
For.
No, we're doing an online radio program. So we have an Internet radio show.
Would you like to say some words for our listeners?
Actually, I need to tell you that you need to talk to the manager before you guys can go walking around recording stuff.
Oh, we're just recording ourselves.
God damn it, Rob. These things burn at a thousand degrees. I feel like burning heat.
While she's doing that, I'm going to take a shot. I'm going to do my next shot here. This is some hot damn.
So cheers. I'm going to toast Loki's water here.
Well. Oh, wait. It looks like a wall tussin.
Right now, I'm currently pointing and laughing at Rob.
Oh, wow. He sounds like a woman. Shut up.
Oh, God.
It tastes like it tastes like 20 like Cinnamon Jolly Ranchers all at once.
Contestants, here we go. Snubs got to catch up. And here's his answer.
Jamie won the Bimani Battle Royale in Rob's living room last night. Her secret weapon was her remote collar exploder dealie.
Good answer. Okay.
Jamie won the Bimani Battle Royale in Rob's living room last night. Her secret weapon was her.
Skyline says, oh, he changed his answer. I think his first answer was better.
He said orange bat, which is a great answer, but he changed it. His new answer is boom stick.
So we have remote collar exploder dealie and boom stick.
Alright. Jamie, what's your answer?
Orange bat.
Orange bat. I knew it, too. That's right. You're already in the lead, Skyline. You don't need it.
Alright. As Snub goes, yes, I still have a chance.
Okay. Our tag team, lovely tag team of Magus and Angel.
Big black cock.
Her big black cock.
Sorry, that's not a match. But funny. Puppy.
The ferret.
The ferret. Good answer, but not a match.
Loki. Her secret weapon was her Iraqi suicide babies. Iraqi suicide babies.
Jamie, is this true?
I admit it. I've been exporting them. I keep them in my trunk.
Alright, in your trunks. Dear God, what about the children? What about the children? Alright, moving on.
Yeah, tell us about the movie we watched Thursday night.
It sucked ass, kinda. It was kinda boring and I don't even know why the hell you got me to watch it.
Never read whatever the hell that movie was. It was bad.
Envy of the dot dot dot.
The film that we watched was called Envy. Actually, it says Envy on the box. It's actual full title. It's called Penis Envy.
It's a story about these two drifting chicks. They're walking through the desert and they go to this bar and they get really drunk.
And I mean, this is talking about like white trash America. They get drunk and they're walking through the desert.
And all of a sudden they go, gee, wouldn't it be great to have a penis?
And so they walk around and lo and behold, when this one chick's taking a piss, they find the penis fairy, which is this giant drag queen guy.
And then they go and ask the penis fairy for a penis and they get a penis and with the penis comes great responsibility.
And they have, you know, mustaches and body hair and tattoos and they start acting like guys.
Hey, Loki? Was it Mr. Spanky?
And then they start like, you know, screwing this one chick and then this other guy.
And then eventually they get tired of having a penis. And so they go and find the penis fairy in L.A. where she's at a gay bar.
And then they ask for the penis fairy to remove the penis.
But the one chick likes the penis so much and then she ends up getting killed in the end.
That was beautiful. Thank you.
Extrovert, what were you doing on my computer last night? Suddenly I have all these folders on my desktop.
I actually went through and cleaned my desktop a couple weeks ago. You remember how messy my desktop used to be?
Like it was just icons everywhere, right? And you couldn't even see my background.
Now you have balls on it.
I cleaned the shit out of the desktop, right?
Okay. Now, Extrovert went in and last night while he was drunk or something, he made all these new folders on my desktop.
And now I have folders that say big boobies number one, big boobies number two, big boobies with cocks in them, blood spattered boobies,
boobies and sunflowers, boobies for milking, boobies in pee, mastectomy leftover boobies, hot hairy saggy man boobies.
And then my last, my favorite here, women in roller skates peeing in glass bowls.
What the hell? Why did you do that?
I'm not going to, you know, if you're going to download that shit, I mean, don't blame it on me.
Okay, this is from the person that left us with the bleached asshole joke.
By the way...
Did they use something other than bleach?
Did I talk about the asshole strips yet?
No.
Oh, well, you know how you have like...
Crest white strips?
Yes, it's like crest white strips only put on your asshole.
You leave it for, you leave them for like a few minutes and then you just strip them off and hey...
What about the kind that are supposed to dissolve when you go?
I'm disgusted. I am so disgusted.
Girls just want to have a, alright, I'm coming out, I'm coming out, here it is.
Loki singing I'm coming out at the county fair with Teninga.
Here we go.
Remember, he goes, I'm coming out, you know, you know how it goes, you know how this one goes?
Okay, here we go.
JNN.
I'm singing and I'm okay.
I'm singing, I'm happy with women.
I'm singing, I want the world to know, I'm happy with pussies.
I'm singing, I want the world to know, got them ready to show.
There's a new me singing and I'm just happy.
He's laughing.
I'm gonna be happy, I'll be happy.
Stop making me laugh, damn it.
Like you never knew it, I'll make it through.
The time has come for me, breaking out of the shell.
I have to shout that I'm staying in, I'm staying in.
I want the world to know, I'm happy with the pussy.
I'm staying in, I want the world to know, I shop on the same sad street.
I got to show the world, yeah, I wanna see.
All my abilities, there's so much for me.
Somehow I have to make them, just understand.
I've got it all in hand, oh how I've got it planned.
I'm spreading the love, there's more for me to fear.
And I just feel so good every time I hear, I'm staying in.
I'm happy with the females, gotta let it show.
I'm actually passing this song, that's pretty amazing I think, since I can't sing worth a shit.
Oh yeah, play the instrumental solo.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Yeah, work in the crowd.
Yeah, yeah, there's my pictures in the crowd, fuck yeah.
I'm coming in, I want the world to know, let it show.
I'm staying in, I'm happy with hetero, just want everyone to know.
I'm staying in, I want the world to know, women are my thing.
I'm staying in, I'm sick of this song, you're gonna really die.
God, this is long, it just doesn't fucking end, just keeps on going on.
I'm gonna kill anyone in the chatroom that has a recording of this, you're gonna so die.
I know where you live.
As a reminder, the show will be broadcast this week on Thursday.
A score of 6,964 points for Loki, not even a gold record, there is no justice in this world, okay.
Alright, we're gonna shut the game off now, oh my god, I have not laughed that hard.
I laughed so hard, I peed, okay, I peed a little, I peed a little bit.
I can't lose my jaw anymore, so no sex tonight huh Rob?
Oh, that hurt so bad, oh my god.
Alright, before we come back with the show here, Loki wanted to play something for us here real quick.
I did want to play something and it's something that, I don't know, was supposed to be kind of before the show intro
because I was actually trying to make a new intro but then I didn't do that and then I did something else and
it's cheesy but it's funny and it's fun with text to speech programs and a certain somebody from a certain game.
Here we go.
Do you know how they celebrate it? If you guessed deadly lasers, you'd be correct.
This next test is very dangerous. To help you remain tranquil in the face of almost certain death,
smooth jazz will be deployed in 3, 2, 1.
Hey, that is not approved aperture testing equipment, that's just a ferret strapped to a bungee cord.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio, with your hosts Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
That was cute, I like that, good job.
Thank you.
Alright, let's get back into the show guys.
Welcome back everybody to-
Technical failure. You know, it just wouldn't be OLR if there wasn't technical failure.
You done. Here we go.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this June 24th of 2012 with the 462nd episode of our show,
the 10th anniversary special. That's right, the very first episode of Orange Lounge Radio was June 23rd, 2002.
And here we are 10 years later, getting older, but still talking about the games we love, having live radio fail,
Mike sneezes, and the games we don't love so much sometimes too.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into part B tonight, and here's the thing, we didn't really pull any stories for this,
because we're going to open up the Skype line here real soon. We do want to do the mailbag first though,
we got some emails.
Yeah, I gotta load that.
While you load that though, we do have the foogle question of the week. We still did that this week,
so I'm going to go ahead and load that up. Here it is, the foogle question of the week.
As a reminder, the foogle question of the week is Facebook and Google+.
Put them together and you get foogle. Although really, with the proportion of people we get on Facebook versus Google+,
it really should be like Gacebook or something, because sadly you're not a lot of Google Plus users.
But we do have some, and we want to say hello to those of you joining us on Google+,
and we did get some answers to our question of the week. Here it is.
It is a little self-serving this week. Considering the occasion, deal with it.
We figure the first time you downloaded or listened to Orange Lounge Radio was because you were searching for video game podcasts,
or a friend told you about it. What made you stay and listen a second, third, fourth, and so on consecutive times?
So going to Google+, here are the answers.
We have 13xforever says, personally, I've tried a lot of other shows at the time,
but yours has a strong personality to which makes it rather enjoyable to listen to every week.
Besides, your general views on gaming as a whole are quite close to mine,
and it's useful to have a second opinion on some games that I plan to buy and whatnot.
Oh, and Ferret, even though it has gone a long journey of self-rediscovery far, far away from human civilization,
or at least it looks like it.
Tony M. replied and said, honestly, it was a couple of things.
The banter that you guys have together, the no-nonsense approach you take to talking about video games,
no offense to games journalists, but I can relate to you all better than them,
because you're real people who have to purchase, oops, oh, crap, I almost closed the window on accident.
Jeez, Rob.
Fail.
It's so funny that this is during a comment about why we're not real games journalists.
Perfect. I can relate to you all better than them, because you're real people who have to purchase your own games,
and this is one of the best video game podcasts out there.
The shows coming in at close to three hours doesn't hurt much either,
as it helps to make a slow, boring day at work go by that much faster.
Technist says, at the beginning, when OLR was a Bamani-focused show,
it was due to that you were really one of the few shows that actually talked about the games and the culture around them.
As I listen more and more to later episodes in the early years,
you all have just a great chemistry that's just infectious.
I've been kicking myself because I missed a great chunk of your episodes before coming back
just right around when you started the To Go podcast.
Even when the format changes, station changes, site changes, I still have stuck with you for gaming news.
Sure, anybody can make a blog or a podcast reading news,
but it is your opinions that make them more interesting to listen to every week.
Even when I have disagreed to one of your opinions, rants, or blind fanboyism on a certain topic,
I still value what you three have to say because I know it's yours and yours alone.
Finally, I will end with this.
OLR is one of the few places the gamers still have a voice that matters.
As long as you guys let us have an outlet to voice what we have to think,
I will always be a loyal listener and supporter.
That's really nice. Thank you.
All right, we're going to go on over to Facebook and read some of the answers over there.
Let's see, we've got 20 answers. Do you think I can read them all?
Oh, go for it.
This chick named Nelly replied and said, spousal pressure.
What's up with that?
Let's see, Picaruno said, seriously, you guys are funny and entertaining,
and back when I used to live in Japan, interacting with the chat room and the host
in such a familiar way as something you don't really get anywhere else.
Katsuhiko Junai says, I've been listening since 2005,
and I guess the reason why I kept on listening was because it's gaming news by real gamers.
Stay independent.
Rama says, I've been listening since 2005 or so.
I just love the camaraderie amongst three good friends that's been keeping it going for so long.
Who said we were good friends? I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Girl.
Red The Hayes says, the first time was probably in late 2006, early 2007.
A friend had just introduced me to a certain interactive weekday show in the summer of 2006
when I heard Sky call in a couple times during the shows to advertise OLR.
It's okay to say All Games Interactive, by the way. It was a great show. It was.
It's really a bummer. It's not on anymore.
I then decided to check out the podcast, and I've been hooked ever since with the antics of the cast
and just how really nice people y'all are.
The start of my week just doesn't feel right when I don't get to hear from the cool people of OLR.
More power to you guys and gals, and may you have another ten years of awesome.
P.S., again, I apologize for bringing up the Super Bowl in your 400th episode.
The Super Bowl? Every time I hear antics, it also makes the word hijinks pop into my head,
and then the announcer voice says, blah, blah. Makes me laugh.
Let's see. Dekeman says, your first E3 podcast mini shows for Orange Lawns Radio to go.
You guys were the only ones covering the games I cared about that year.
After three mini shows, I got to know your personalities and loved what you guys were talking about.
Fabrice A. says, the chemistry between three good friends. Also, you genuinely care about your listeners.
Thank you for noticing that, because we really do.
Terry J. says, I've been listening since late 2005.
I kept listening because of the personalities of each of you as well as the great flow of the program.
To put it simple, you guys know your shit, and your presentation proves it.
Thanks for the many years of content, my friends.
Don't tell Loki he knows this shit. It only increases ego. I'm just kidding.
It's why my head hurts. It can't fit.
Bobby Blackwolf says, professional courtesy is why he's listened twice.
Zether says, the discussions about games that I honestly never expected a podcast to bring up.
I forgot what it was, but it must have been a game I liked because it kept me listening.
Benny L. says, you guys bring me to tears with laughter at times.
Also, I have to support my fellow peeps from Sacramento.
A Local Ryan says, Loki ranting because when he does, it's always the truth.
Dan M. says, I kept listening because it was relatable.
The conversations are a lot like the ones I have with friends of mine.
I was also told there would be cake.
We have cookies.
It's behind the other door. It's cake day, you know.
I prefer pie. There's a joke there.
Clover N. says, I stayed and listened to OLR since 2006 because not only do I get the whole
three friends sitting around talking video games feel, but I just love the honesty and the lifestyle that the show promotes.
Blue 2 says, I started listening to mid to late 2008 after hearing the final talks with Bobby Blackwolf.
What made me continue was the diversity, different point of views, and acceptance to everything from gaming to politics.
Also, if they disagree or hate something, they would give a logical and reasonable reason why.
Actually, OLR was my favorite and highly respected that I joined the home clubhouse and bought Namco
Museum Essentials because it has your names on it, not lying.
That was a great achievement, though, to get in a video game.
That was pretty awesome, even if it's a small cameo.
Surezo says, my first taste of OLR was back in March 2010.
From the first second, I was excited to be listening to a well-known video game podcast
that all of my Bomani friends were telling me about.
2010 may not have been the strongest time for the Bomani area, but still, OLR had a reputation that I had to be a part of.
Wow, he had a reputation? I hope it was a good thing and not like written in a bathroom stall at Miggle.
There were so many factors that led me to keep listening after the first time.
I really enjoyed the segments, such as How Was Your Video Gaming Week, Classic Game of the Week, Release Dates, and the FUs of the Week.
I also appreciate the different personalities that are on air.
This diversity really helps me form an opinion when trying out or buying a new video game or console.
Flow Walker, Mel B says, I was down with OLR since day one.
It was the height of the Bomani craze, and OLR was the first online radio show dedicated to the cool kids who played music rhythm games.
Plus, I actually liked you guys in real life, regardless of OLR.
Well, that helps.
I stuck around, listened live, and then I did the podcast thing when my Sundays got tied up.
Still do.
And you know, Mel B was like one of the freestyle kings when the show first started, and he brought his cred to OLR very early on.
They were on like episode six or something like that, Mel and Mel.
And you know, we're really thankful to him for his support over all these years, certainly.
And I do consider Mel a great friend outside of this show and all that.
Just another good friend I made because of DDR, believe it or not.
Let's see.
Yes, I'm reading them all tonight.
You know what? It's a special show.
I'm reading them all.
I don't care.
Chigger says, I think I started listening to you guys around March of 2006.
The chemistry you guys have is where the real magic is.
Always a witty comment from Dark Sakura or a rambling rant about Nintendo from Loki, and just Sky's humor is what keeps me coming back.
I love you guys so much.
Add the extra O.
So much.
I would be kind of lost if I didn't have you to listen to via podcast at my work or an occasional live stream when I'm home.
Keep it up, and here's to another 10 years.
Dave Falcon says, I was in college.
I was working in a student computer lab at University of South Florida in Tampa.
Early in 2002, I was playing The Sims for PC, and I was searching for some add-ons, expansions, hints, and cheats on the internet.
Somehow, when I was searching on WebCrawler, remember that search engine?
OLR came up in the search, so I checked it out.
Listened to the show for about a year until I left school.
Gee, however did discussion on The Sims trigger our show, Dark Sakura?
Shut up.
I didn't mod my Sims in dirty ways. Hush.
Oh, you would never do anything like that, I'm sure.
Garris.
Alright, let's see.
Oops, I lost my place here.
Oh yes, so I checked it out.
Listened to the show for about a year until I left school.
Fast forward to 2012.
I'm living in Washington, D.C. since 2007, working in social media, and got engaged in December 2011.
P.S., my fiancé is a huge video game lover.
Well, you lucked out.
Ospher says, I saw Sky's post on ddrfreak.com back when those forums were still popular.
I thought I'd check out the show, and admittedly, I was a bit disappointed that the show switched from strictly bimani to video games in general,
but it turned out to be a really entertaining show.
I love all the hosts and hearing their points of view, which are all pretty different and unique.
I was hooked, and I will be listening for as long as the show goes on.
Alright, last comment. You ready? Last one.
Dun-dun-dun.
Orange Right says, the first time I listened to OLR was way back in 2002.
I think someone in DDR Freak had it in his signature.
I kept listening because it was the only live show I could think of that talked about these weird Japan-only rhythm games I've enjoyed so much,
and I stuck to it even after the show moved on to a general video game focus.
Stay gold.
Great feedback, guys. Thank you.
I apologize if you thought that went on a little long, but you know what?
I really enjoyed reading all that stuff, so thank you very much.
I have fuzzies now.
Alright.
They're kind of warm.
Tuma JP wants me to read his because he's having Google Plus problems, so he sent me a private message, so why not?
Do it.
The truth for me is to see what real gamer wants, and to steal me as a developer to stay in focus to create games for real gamers.
That's pretty powerful, actually.
And fucking scary that we're having influence on developers.
But you know, we have made industry friends, especially because the show has been on so long.
Some of y'all started listening to us when you were in school, and now you're working in the game industry.
I've made some great connections for people that are in the industry, and it's great.
I'm really honored to know people like Seg, who I've been able to do UmLoud, which has been an amazing, amazing charity experience.
I got to do the design for UmLoud last year.
Exactly. We've had a great experience through him.
I have other friends that probably would appreciate it. I don't name them.
But I'm thinking of all you guys who work very, very hard and many overtime hours to bring the video games to us.
Really appreciate it. All right. That's it for the FUGL Question of the Week.
What do we do next? How about the mailbag? I think the mailbag's up next. Does that sound good?
Oh, good Lord.
All right. So we got some emails tonight?
A few.
A few.
I'm going to read them all.
All right. I read them all. Go ahead.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com if you want to send us an email for next week.
All right. This is actually from Darktensia. But there's, like, a lot of pictures.
So, uh, I actually, um, this, why don't you repost all this on the VOG forum?
I will see what I can do. Oh, oh, Joe. Oh, yeah, Joseph here. Hi, Joe.
So that we can have more listeners go to the VOG forums and look at the pictures.
That's right.
But, um, this is, uh, I'd have to go with episode 39 and the whole in-studio Battle Royale thing, which, interestingly enough,
DDR Angel was kind enough to send me a bunch of photos from that day. Was that the Paper Plate Battle Royale?
Oh, Lord. I remember because I won.
Um, they can't hear you when you don't have a microphone.
Oh, hey.
Oh, here. Use this one.
She's in chat right now.
Yeah.
Sorry.
So, yeah, these will have to go on, uh, on the forum.
Okay. Um, okay, so next up, oh, it's from Robert Kidman.
Send me some biscuits.
Um, evening all and happy birth-a-versary.
I just wanted to say quite simply thank you.
Thank you for 10 wonderful years in your dedication, your passion, and for making the world just that little bit smaller.
Many of us are indebted to OLR, be it for entertaining us on Sunday evenings, getting us through the tedium of Mondays,
finding like minds and a place to get our fan on, making friends the world over, or even starting something off the back of the show.
If it weren't for OLR, there would be no geek life.
Tiara and I wouldn't have met, and Tiara wouldn't have found her soon-to-be husband, Dan, through me.
Strange how these things happen.
Personally, I wouldn't have met some fantastic people that I can safely say are friends for life if it weren't for you guys.
So, yeah, thank you. Long may it continue.
And in the words of my old drama teacher, well done, good show, carry on.
That's Rob from Geek Life.
By the way, huge thanks to Geek Life for the article they wrote this week as well.
And I love Geek Life. I'm going to be doing a guest column for them.
Tiara received an opportunity, and she didn't think of the other Rob.
She didn't think of Dan. She didn't think of Jamie.
She thought of me, and so I'm going to be doing a guest column on something that she's been proposed, and I'm so excited.
Cool. Maybe I'll actually find time to start writing Geeks on a Budget again.
I got two websites to write for now between VOG and all that.
Okay. I make this promise from here out. I will go back to writing my Geeks on a Budget every week.
Because I still have to finish part two of TableTop Gaming.
There you go.
Okay.
Due Monday. Just kidding. I'm kidding.
Wednesday. It's due before Wednesday, Rob.
Hey, OLR and OLR me. I wanted to give a shout-out and congratulate you on ten years of success in the internet radio slash podcasting slash video gaming world.
It's quite a feat.
I remember when I first met Rob. It was New Year's 2008 slash 9.
He was sick and quiet on the couch.
We got to chatting, and he mentioned he was a gamer.
G-A-Y-M-E-R.
I knew then he'd be a good friend, and then he told me about his podcast.
I figured, man, why not? I'll download it.
I've been listening since then and have been hooked since.
For the past year, your voice has been rattling in my head on public transit commutes to work in San Francisco.
Then I met Jamie and Loki when Rob asked me to hang out during one of their recordings.
It was in a garage with no heat in the winter.
Cords and wires everywhere from the equipment.
Seeing you three live was a thrill as I quickly learned your video game knowledge and history is truly unparalleled.
I've seen your last two to three studios, and I know you're on a shoestring budget.
So as Dark Soccer is reading this, she's about to tell everyone listening that I will donate ten dollars to VOG Network for every live chatter in the chat room right now.
Wait, what?
This is Grandpa from Horde House emailing us right now.
Let me finish reading it, Rob.
Okay.
So take note of the time and count them up. Let me know what the total is, and I'll send it to you via check or PayPal.
I believe in the work that you do. Please keep it up.
Despite the long nights, fights about the future of gaming, or if another gaming network gets hacked, OLR will always be there.
I encourage everyone listening tonight to tell a friend, share a link via Facebook, or whatever floats your boat.
Keep up the great work, Grandpa Warcraft Matt.
DS, you guys are old as fuck.
Did I just hear that somebody is donating ten dollars for each live person that's tuned in right now and in the chat room?
So our chat-
For every- donate ten dollars to VOG Network for every live chatter in the chat room right now.
Does he know how many people that might actually end up being?
In the chat room?
Yeah.
How many people?
It's seventy-nine people in chat right now, and I got a print screen right there. Seventy-nine people in the chat room.
We love you Matt!
Honestly, that's a huge gesture. I'm not gonna hold him to it if he didn't realize what a big commitment he's making.
He's allowed to put a cap on that for sure, even if that cap is ten dollars, it's fine.
But I will say this, that would go a long way in funding this station for a year because the money so far has come out of our pockets.
Especially mine, especially Bobby's in getting this station running, so I would say that would be a hugely appreciated gesture, and thank you.
Well two of them are bots according to Bobby.
Oh, so I'm sorry, seventy-seven.
Seventy-seven real people in chat.
There you go.
Wow, that's super full.
I'm making you a guild officer in the Druid Guild, just so you know.
Okay.
Well it's three bots, seventy-six.
Okay.
Alright, this is from Robobobobobobob.
The possibility of Microsoft rewarding your regular points for achievements is probably not for me.
It's a link on here about fall unlocking this Xbox 360 achievements will earn you Microsoft points.
God, I hope so because I'm not buying those things.
You see, if skill-based games result in a monetary payoff, it is illegal in Maryland and some other states.
But MS points are not money as they are non-transferable and cannot be cashed in.
Remember one versus one hundred Microsoft legal restricted people in states that don't allow skill-based cash prizes, so they must have felt it was too much like money.
So I'm not certain this will be the case, but I'm expecting it.
Strangely, we can have a skeeball award tickets which are cashed in for crappy prizes.
And that's from Robobobobob.
Okay.
Moving forward.
Hey, OLR.
Hi.
It's the one and only Degenerate Johnny.
Five years ago I came across your podcast and was hooked ever since.
I can't pinpoint what exactly attracted me to the program.
It might have been the combination of Loki's outrageously entertaining rants.
My personal favorite was the one about the Wii peripherals.
Or, as Loki put it, $20 pieces of awkward shit.
Rob's friendly personality and Jamie practically the mental and emotional clone of my best friend who I grew up with.
Okay, wow.
Regardless, doing this show for ten consecutive years without getting paid is truly a remarkable accomplishment that I'm sure you're all proud of.
With that and your undying support of independent podcasting is an inspiration to future podcasters, myself included.
Congratulations for reaching the ten-year mark.
Here's to another ten years of successful podcasting.
Your faithful listener, Degenerate Johnny.
P.S. I currently reside in Michigan and recently found out that a Pinkberry just opened last year in Ann Arbor.
What selection would you suggest for a first comer?
Get your minds out of the gutter, you bowling players such as myself.
You know who should be giving us money per each listener?
Pinkberry!
It's Pinkberry.
Um, my personal favorite is the chocolate.
However, the strawberry right now is absolutely delicious.
Just don't get that balsamic vinegar crap on it.
Moving forward.
Thank you, Johnny.
Thank you, Johnny.
Howdy, O.L.R.
Howdy, partner.
I just wanted to say congrats on ten years of doing the show.
It is one heck of an accomplishment that you have been doing the show for so long and still put on a great, entertaining, and informative show each week.
You were all an inspiration to us here at our show.
We wouldn't be the show we are without you guys and gal to look up to.
Here is to ten more years of O.L.R., Brad.
It's from Brad at Pod Culture.
We love Pod Culture. Mondays on vlog.
I still need to get you your missing stuff. Sorry.
Is it premiering this week?
Uh, a premier episode of Pod Culture?
Yeah.
I believe it is this week, yes.
Okay.
Yay!
Alright.
Dear O.L.R., I was hoping to write a long, rambling email in honor of your tenth birthday on how this show has kept my attention for seven years.
Longer than any TV show or radio show or indeed any video game.
By the way, this person is either British or Canadian.
Use. Use an honor.
I can recognize it.
On how finding out that Sky was gay when I was listening in my early teens affected the way I reacted when some of my friends came out.
And overall how great a job you guys all do and how much I love this show.
But unfortunately I've left it too late so I guess I'll have to save it for the twentieth anniversary instead.
Cheers for everything, guys. Elliot B.
Elliot is from the UK. He's one of the vlog contributors.
He is from the UK.
Yep.
And thank you. I, you know, I'm just me.
And I like video games.
And...
And I have a boyfriend.
It is what it is.
And I thank you guys for just, you know, not giving a shit.
Which people shouldn't.
Be happy that people are in love.
That's what it's all about.
And Rob does have an impressive John Waters collection.
I don't know what the fuck that has to do with anything, but alright.
I was just looking at your DVDs a minute ago.
Oh, okay.
Okay. This one has a title in Spanish and he actually corrected me about el telefono es en fuego.
That's not how it's actually supposed to be said.
But I don't know anything about Spanish grammar so my bad.
Yo no se.
So I'm gonna try to pronounce this right.
Felicidades Radio Sala Naranja.
Naranja. Or is that it?
I guess that's orange.
Hi, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican act Deaf.
It's been a while since I've written an email to the OLR mailbag.
But what better occasion than your 10th anniversary?
I've been listening to you guys since around 2005-2006, right after I graduated from university.
I discovered you guys from the old DDR Freak forums back when Bimani and DDR were still relevant to our lives.
And it still kinda is, just not as important as it was before.
I didn't start to listen religiously until late 2006 when you got some Bimani exclusive for a DDR game back then, probably UltraMix 4.
And while I came in for DDR, I stayed for the show.
I wasn't a fan of internet radio talk shows or podcasting back then, but you guys really got me into it.
I still remember the live 365 days, so do we.
I will never forget that award ceremony where they forgot to call our name.
Hey, I got speakers.
You did.
I did.
At least we got something. We didn't get a trophy but we got speakers.
I played bingo and won speakers.
Though it was unexpected to hear that you were leaving them, but not surprising after hearing the reasons why you left that service.
But then came the All Games era.
The show didn't change that much, it was pretty much the same.
And so I discovered the Bobby Black Wolf show, met really great people over at the All Games chat room, and made some new friends over the years.
There have been some bumps on the road like Rob getting sick, the studio's PC breaking and other real life stuff.
But it also helps to show how great the community can be.
Always supportive to the show, in good times and especially bad times.
You have also inspired lots of people to do their own things.
I'm scrolling up.
We have also learned a lot from you guys.
Rob, you have taught us to be ourselves, to respect others and their opinions, even if they're wrong.
And to be confident and achieve our goals, even if they seem silly or downright outreachable.
Jamie, you have taught us to be assertive, to be critical of everything, whether it's good or bad.
To not give a damn about what people think of us and enjoy our lives.
Okay.
And Loki, you've taught us to question everything, not to accept anything as it is.
And that being a snark doesn't always mean you have to be a douche a-hole to be vocal about our opinions.
I laughed.
Love it.
You're an inspiration for all of us listening, whether it's been ten years, five years, or even just a few months.
We are forever grateful for making every week a blast.
You may not have many awards or recognition, but in our hearts you are and will be the best show on the internet.
You know, the one award we have is Sitting on My Mantle.
And it's not moving.
It was a good award. It was the first podcast award for gaming.
Yeah.
Congrats Orange Lounge Radio. Congrats for ten fabulous years.
I seriously couldn't imagine my life without you guys, without chat, without I love that song, and while anything the OLR has given me all these years.
And while you may act like a ten-year-old sometimes, you have the maturity and wisdom of a person a hundred years old.
I hope we don't have the bathroom problems of people of a hundred years old, however.
Hopefully the stream won't end anytime soon.
So here's for another ten whole years.
Raises glass.
Toast!
Thanks for everything.
Speaking of toast.
Speaking of toast.
Yay!
French toast!
Wait, what?
Ew, hello not French toast.
I love French toast!
French toast is amazing.
There is a place, okay, I'm going on the food tangent.
There's a place in Sacramento that has French toast made out of challah.
What's challah?
Challah!
Challah?
It's basically a Jewish bread that's braided and very delicious, kind of eggy.
That does sound delicious.
This is the best French toast.
Challah French toast.
Oh, I get the glowing cup from electronica.
So we have wine and soda for those not drinking.
And Misty, thank you for providing the wine tonight.
So because the emailer said so, here it is, a toast.
And if there was one common theme between all those emails, guys, ten more years.
What do you say?
To our 40s?
I'm trying not to spill.
We had clingies.
Cling.
Okay.
Misty, Misty, Misty.
And now everyone get drunk.
As I spill it on my shirt.
That's some good wine.
I'm gonna get water intoxicated.
It's making my headache feel a lot better, so.
That's good.
I'm sorry to hear you have a headache and can't partake, but.
It was probably the stress of coming up with an idea last minute and then deciding, hey,
I'm gonna do this real quick.
And then my brain's like, no.
By the way, I have a follow up.
And I kind of didn't react because I kind of did like this double take, like what, what?
But I'm text messaging grandpa right now.
And I sent him the screenshot of IRC and said it says this number, but it's 76 when you
subtract the bots.
And I said, I won't hold you to that.
You really don't have to.
He replied back, I'm of my word.
760 bucks for VOG right there.
Sweet.
So that's, um, I'll throw in another 40 just around that up to 80.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
And then there's listening.
I like round numbers.
Well there.
And you know what, Rob?
What?
What I will do, cause you know, I had that account open.
Um, how about we go take it and convert it to a business account.
Sounds great.
We'll get started on that.
We have plenty.
We have at least two or three people in chat.
They want to donate.
There's like five bucks left in it right now because I started putting my design money
in it.
Um, it may not be much in the scope of things.
I mean, let's be real, you know, for a business, but I, uh, you considering black Wolf and
I have probably paid about that much out of pocket.
Like I can't speak to a black Wolf has spent, but I know I've spent enough.
Let's just leave it at that on getting the feed up and running.
And I'm sure Bobby spent at least that much.
If not about twice as much from his end of the things, cause he bought software and designs
for the site.
So just to like get that money to for the next year is, is a great, great burden off
our shoulders actually.
Well, and here's the other thing that we kind of talked about it before, but I'm going to
have that book up probably in the next three months because I've already started working
on it.
And, um, you know, it's kind of like my thank you to everyone here.
Who's been listening to, but, um, you know, there'll be more coming up about the book
cause I'm, I'm designing it beginning to end.
So, um, as soon as people send me old logos, Frisbee says, now you won't be able to say
how you don't make any money on the show.
Well, something to think about though, Frisbee.
We don't plan on using the money to buy ourselves a vacation to Tahiti, although that would
be nice.
Uh, the money's going to go right back into the show.
I can tell you, I came this close, this close to drop in threes.
This close to drop in $300 on new microphones for all of us as a 10th anniversary surprise
for the show.
And the only, cause I want to upgrade to condenser mics because the sound quality would be like,
Oh my God.
But the only thing that stopped me is that we would have to have three mic stands.
And in my little bitty apartment that ain't going to fly.
Unless we get rock bandstands.
Maybe.
We'll see.
We'll see.
You can also get the ones that are there on the swing arm things.
Like they have the little, they look like, yeah, so desk lamps or you can use a desk
lamp.
So all the money is going right back into the show.
And don't forget my husband works at radio shack.
So, all right.
Um, thank you guys so much.
We will have, as soon as, as soon as Jamie has the account set up, we will tell you guys
how you can donate.
We have to, we have to tread carefully here though, because I'm really worried about tax
stuff.
I don't know that stuff at all.
So I need tax help.
If anybody out there knows how to do taxes for a small thing like us, I, that's what
I could really use.
Well, I mean, I think it's actually, and I'm not going to say any more about this, but
maybe it is time to start looking into an actual business license.
We had one.
We did.
Yeah, we let it lapse.
Yeah.
Anyway, we won't talk about that on there.
Okay.
All right.
We have four emails left.
Yes.
Dear orange launch radio, I would like to wish everyone at OLR a happy 10th birthday
and an attempt to keep this email short and to the point.
Let me say thank you.
I started listening to the podcast back on March.
What?
I heard snorting.
Just chat.
Okay.
I started listening to the podcast back in March, 2010 after I bought my first iPod touch.
Wow.
From that point on, sky, dark soccer and lucky have become an important part of my life.
Do we touch you?
Okay.
Anyway.
Sundays became orange launch radio nights instead of moaning and groaning for the upcoming
workweek.
I know that many listeners say that OLR has been a positive aspect in their life and I
fully agree with the listeners.
Through bad relationships, major family issues and a brief period of unemployment.
OLR has been a constant positive in my life.
With a show slash podcast to listen to every week, I truly feel that the host chat room
and fellow listeners have become my second family.
Once again, thank you orange launch radio for running strong for 10 years.
You have been there for me through my worst case of heartbreak and you have definitely
been there for me when my days have been full of smiles and fun.
Whatever the future may bring to the show and the listeners, I am definitely going to
be there just like how OLR has been there for me.
Apologies in advance for any grammatical or sentence structure errors.
Happy birthday.
And that's from Sherzo, AKA Gion.
And you're, I didn't even care about grammar because I'm so verklempt.
I'm feeling verklempt.
Here's a topic.
Talk amongst yourselves.
Sorry.
No.
Okay.
Three more to go.
Holy moly.
To Rob, Loki and Dark Sakura.
As you celebrate your 10th anniversary, allow me to quickly thank you for all the work you
have done over the past 10 years in that effort to entertain your listeners.
I'm an older listener in that I remember your days on Live 365.
Live 365.
Ah, who cares?
They sucked anyway.
Bite me.
And then that was just on behalf of them.
We had good years on Live 365.
They took care of us for a little while.
We did.
We did.
Betty was nice.
Betty was nice.
And then becoming a member of the all games community and finally joining you on your
very own network vlog.
I have met each of you at least once, although I am fairly certain it is more than that.
Whether it be at E3 or up at PAX in Seattle.
The memory that jumps to the forefront of my mind is when we had the community meetup
at the 2008 PAX in Seattle.
I remembered listening to you broadcast live and then once the show floor closed, the whole
group would walk around downtown Seattle in search of food and fun.
I remember that everyone finally settled on Wild Ginger and how we initially had trouble
finding a restaurant due to the large size of our group.
Everyone settled in and it was a lot of fun visiting with everyone, talking face to face
with people we normally only get to speak to in a chat room.
I'm sure you received lots of emails this week, so I won't take up your time any further.
Congratulations on this incredible milestone and I look forward to seeing everyone again
at future events.
And that's from ShadowNextGen.
I agree.
That was a great memory and I hope with VOG we can accomplish once again things like that
because I think that sort of event was what we really missed doing.
Yeah.
Well, this one isn't an anniversary memory.
It's actually news.
Alright, fair enough.
The next one.
What do you mean?
There's gaming news this week?
Chris Hilsbeck, the guy who did the music for the Amiga Classic.
And this is Turrican, sorry.
We'll be doing a soundtrack concert for all three Turrican games with a live orchestra
November 10th in Cologne, Germany.
Have a good one, guys.
Wow.
That comes from RDG.
I think they had a Kickstarter for some Turrican soundtrack.
It's a link from Kickstarter.
Very cool.
Okay.
Oh, dude, we got another email in too.
Well, I said I was going to read them, so why not?
This one comes from Dan Shadow.
Congratulations on 10 years, guys.
I remember when I first started listening to you guys, the podcast was split into two
parts and DC vs. Mortal Kombat was just announced.
I found you from a Yahoo widget, by the way.
Since the show, I, uh oh, lost my virginity.
Me too.
No, just kidding.
He graduated high school, got like six jobs, got married, started a podcast with Jamie,
ended a podcast with Jamie, made a baby.
Feel old yet?
Phoenix Force 5 for the win.
Thanks, guys.
I'm Batman.
That's, okay, the I'm Batman thing came from when we were doing Monday Comic Mania.
Alright, yeah.
And he'd do his Christian Bale Batman.
He didn't talk like that, so he's Batman.
No, I am Batman.
And then this one, okay.
Dear OLR, I love the podcast.
However, there is one thing I must say.
Every time the show starts, Loki always discusses what epic or not so epic meal he is having
at the moment.
Tuning in on the following day, it always makes me super hungry.
So now I just make it a point to have an epic meal on Mondays while listening.
Just thought I'd let you guys know your influence on my appetite.
You know, I made an epic meal yesterday.
We had pizza because we were playing Catan.
What does that have to do with pizza?
Well, I was talking about the epic meal they had yesterday.
I had a bacon pizza that I made myself.
Bacon and garlic pizza.
That actually sounds pretty epic.
I also have never had Pink Berry and hope to try it someday.
What flavor should I get?
Chocolate? Strawberry?
I seriously want Pink Berry to call this show and thank us for the free advertising.
I deserve a small peanut butter with mochi.
We deserve our own dispenser of blood orange in each of our kitchens.
I want blood orange lounge radio.
Yes.
Thanks and keep up the great work, Randy.
You know what?
That is two emails on our 10th anniversary going, congrats, tell me more about Pink Berry.
You know what, Rob?
The name Randy always makes me laugh because of a catering place that's near my house called Randy Peters.
And that really makes me laugh because Randy.
And the name Peter is also a nickname for certain parts of the male genitalia.
The penis.
Yes, Loki. The penis.
So Randy Peters.
Are you feeling Randy?
Starring Randy Peters. Yeah, I can see that.
That would be the best male porn name ever.
That sounds like a British male porn name.
Or Sir John Thomas.
All right. Is that it for emails?
That is it. I closed it.
Well, you know what comes after the emails.
Ten years of pent up angst.
Here's your mama.
F you to me because I missed Girls Gone Wild today and I was so excited about it.
But I was like I was dreaming about the show.
I texted Rob in my sleep.
Okay. And and Garris.
I blame Garris for this, too.
And I blame Shane for me blaming Garris because about Mass Effect.
I have played over since yesterday.
I played 20 something hours of Mass Effect.
I do not know what's wrong with me.
I never even did that on WoW. So the last game that I played like that was Final Fantasy 6 when I was in high school.
Just saying. Just saying.
I'm done.
Fuck you to my headache because I hate games.
I think it's a sinus headache because it's been a little windy today.
And fuck you to certain websites for not allowing me to post a vlog about this show having a ten year anniversary.
Because they can have wonderful topics like,
Woman hit by balls sues little leaguer.
Or work in progress zombie survival short story.
Or hey is this person on the forum gay?
You know they can have those posts on there. Oh but I post about something and they're just like eh no.
We need to remove that post.
That is kind of stupid.
Eh whatever. They're kids.
Why am I on a forum about.
Fuck kids.
Why am I a modding forum with all fuck me. Seriously it's all kids.
I mean not really.
I mean.
I'm not like that guy at Penn State.
I talk to these people online and then like I talk to them over Xbox Live because they want to talk to me about like modding and stuff and they're like teenagers.
I mean I feel so old.
I'm like yeah I'm like thirty something and you're sixteen seventeen.
I don't know.
Black Wolf does point out we did get some upvotes on Reddit.
We never made the front page but the press release did get on Reddit and some folks actually upvoted it.
Probably helped that we asked pretty please on Facebook and so forth but anyway.
My FU of the week goes to all this sugary food I'm eating that's making me fat.
Moving on.
Let's go to the folks that are on the couch.
The stuff that I brought is wheat free.
Just a kind of a sort of a proxy FU.
Gamer girl has this FU too.
She has this what is that carpal tunnel in her hand really bad.
So FU to that.
FU to traffic because I almost didn't make it here on time today.
And he mentioned bacon pizza and now I really want bacon pizza.
So FU to Loki.
Misty.
I will go ahead and second that FU to carpal tunnel.
I would not be surprised if I were getting it in my right wrist.
Other than that.
Yeah again not winning the lottery.
Because when I win the lottery once I get all the tech shit dealt with I will supply money for the fort.
Awesome FU to not having a fort.
I think that's what it comes down to.
Thanks you guys.
Alright that does it for the FUs of the week.
Let's see.
So we did FUs.
Check.
We did mailbag.
Check.
Fugal.
Check.
Hey I think it's time to open up the Skype line and see what you guys have to say.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The Skype line is now open for your calls on this very special 10th anniversary.
Whatever you want to talk about.
If you want to talk about you know the 10th anniversary.
Cool.
You want to talk about something going on in gaming.
Awesome.
They're taking bets on who the first person is that's going to be through right now.
We'll see what happens.
Meanwhile I could go to Twitter.
I want to read some of the comments from Twitter actually.
Because we got some really nice 10th anniversary.
I guess not because the Skype line is fired up.
So let's go to the Skype line and take some calls.
Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hola.
Bienvenidos.
OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hello.
Hello?
Caller we can't hear you.
Hi.
Who's this?
This would be wonderful if Skype would actually decide to work with me tonight.
Who is this?
This is Jason.
Hi Jason.
What's on your mind buddy?
Jason of the awesome.
F you to Loki because I'm really hungry.
So I'll second JV Mon.
Well that's not all I have to say but that was the most important thing in the last five
minutes that's for sure.
It's always important to turn to Loki and say hey buddy F you.
Oh it is.
Oh it is.
Time and time again.
Oh I didn't really have anything specific other than to carry on the torch of the show
that I don't recall if I actually started listening in 02.
I know I was still in high school so that puts it in 03 I remember my group of friends
that we would kind of crowd around and listen when it was still all the wonderful Bimani
discussion that we all know and love and obviously it's turned into a lot more and a lot less
than that.
A lot less.
I have no idea why I just said that.
Obviously it's turned into a hell of a lot more a number of times since then.
Hopefully in a good way.
Oh absolutely.
Well thank you.
Numerous events of live coverage and yeah definitely hopefully that all starts coming back.
And thank you it's very important to also say thank you as well to Jason because Jason
if people don't know this Jason pretty much is the guy behind the website and the fact
that we have a space to post or to post our podcast is thanks to Jason without him we
may not have a place or we would have to dip into having ads in order to be able to host
it or something but Jason made that happen for us so we really appreciate that.
Yeah and no expectation of changing that anytime soon.
Thank you so much.
Unless you guys want to that's all your choice of course.
Outside of the vlog stuff no not really.
We still have a place to host our show so.
Shit anything else you want to say?
I want to be back on the show but that's for the future.
Come visit get on a train you might cross paths with Misty.
July, August, November, January and then at the very least continuing perpetual August
and January after that seems kind of definitive.
Let me whenever you want Jason just let us know when because you know we'll have your
sexy radio voice on anytime.
Hell yeah my microphone and tone.
If you're needing these suggestions if you go after some more microphones let's talk
because you know I brought mine and we're kind of I'm kind of up on the lingo of microphones
lately.
Yes I would love I want my voice to be sexy like yours how do I make that happen?
Pay way too much money unfortunately is the answer to that question.
Hooray.
And next time warn me so we can crash it together.
Yeah yeah absolutely.
Amtrak buddies for life.
Who needs planes?
Who needs planes?
All right Jason I'm gonna let you go so we can get some more calls but thanks again for
all you do.
Good night guys congratulations.
Take care thanks.
Couldn't have done it without you.
Later.
1877 game OLR or the calls keep on coming in.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
It's Shane.
It's Shane what's up?
Well I'm doing my three favorite things right now in the world can you guess them?
You're listening to Orange Launch Radio you're talking to me and talking about Mass Effect
with me.
Talking about none of those are the right answer.
I am playing Mass Effect I'm playing Pokemon and watching Law and Order.
So I wanted to say happy 20th anniversary or whatever it is.
Thank you appreciate your paying attention yes.
And I wanted to say that for me without this show I never would have worked at Konami and
that's a major thing for me so I have to thank the show for that.
I'm kind of sorry about that too at the same time.
No I'm kidding.
You had some great memories at Konami though right?
Yes like the time I passed out drunk under my desk.
That was one of my best memories.
Are you supposed to be telling these stories on the show?
Is that the most scandalous thing that ever happened at work while making DDR?
No.
What is the most scandalous thing that ever happened at work during the making of DDR
that you can talk about?
I wouldn't say it's during the making of DDR but I would say one of the more scandalous
things was towards the end of our office closing because they opened the LA one.
We had no females work there anymore so one of the guys wore no pants while he worked.
I mean he still had underwear on but he decided that since there were no females there was
no reason for pants.
Hey Shane last week I went to work with no pants.
What was that?
Last week I went to work with no pants.
Maybe you were wearing a skirt.
This is true.
He was not wearing a skirt.
This is really important Shane this is the most important question.
You tell a kilt.
Was it boxers or briefs?
It was boxers.
Okay because boxers that's kind of like swimwear.
That's not that bad.
That's still going with no pants.
That is true.
Now boxer briefs are fairly exciting.
They're kind of in the middle.
Because then you get the grippy with the.
Alright look that's not what we're here to talk about tonight.
I don't know what show you're listening to.
Underwear lounge radio.
This sounds about par for the course.
That's what you're talking about.
And Garris.
That's a great story about Konami.
Some of the games were designed with no pants.
You think they would have come out better.
No just kidding the Ultra Mix games were the best in the series.
You know I've always said that and it's not just because you guys were working on them.
Pantsless rage.
But think about this you guys.
If it weren't for this show then Shane would have ended up at Konami.
In a way this show impacted the game we made this show about.
It's true.
And you guys wouldn't have had those exclusives reveals.
Because I was the one that brought those songs to you.
That's true you brought the first couple.
And then we were able to hook up with Stillwind later on.
And you know unfortunately we had the news a few years ago that he passed away.
But he was a big part when Ultra Mix 4 was coming out.
He let our show straight up have the exclusives on everything.
And that was a wonderful honor.
And you know he is greatly missed.
As is well Jason didn't pass away.
But Jason you know moved on from Konami.
Or had to move on from Konami.
And obviously his lack of impact.
You know not being at Konami anymore has greatly been felt.
You know so.
This is true.
As for saying in chat that you're kind of a big deal.
Because you made a lot of the step charts to the songs we love.
That's true.
But as I was I think talking to him one night about.
Like I go back and look at my old stuff.
And some of it's garbage.
Like really really truly garbage.
And I wish I could get a do over.
It's kind of funny too.
Because someone like you know you got me into Echo Image.
Which is like one of my favorite bands ever now.
Because of DDR.
And maybe I'm not supposed to say this.
But oh shit oh well it's been seven years.
You told me about that song long before the game was out.
Because it was amazing.
And played the CD for me. What?
It's been seven years?
It's been a long time hasn't it?
How long has it been since Ultra Mix was out?
A million years I don't know.
Like 2005?
I've known Shane for.
You and I met because of this show obviously.
Yeah it was because of Animal Crossing.
That's right it was.
And then so god I've probably known you at least nine years.
Because I remember you came to this show like during its first year.
And all that.
But yeah you told me about Skulk and all that.
And then we found the CD somewhere.
And I fell in love with that CD.
And that's one of my favorite bands ever now.
Even though they only ever did one stinking album.
Yes because they're lazy and Norwegian or whatever.
Which is you know the same thing.
They're just high.
Alright Shane I gotta let you go to get more calls.
They're busy wrestling me.
Anything else you want to say especially about us?
No why would I want to talk about you?
I don't know. Because we're awesome.
Because of Garris.
I thought it's but Garris not because of Garris.
Because without us Shane you wouldn't be playing Mass Effect.
That's a lie. It's reverse.
Alright bye.
Bye.
1877 game OLR. Our username on skype is orange launch radio.
Or the phone is already ringing so you can just go to another phone.
Oh hi.
Hi you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
I wasn't expecting to be next but hi.
Hi.
Shut off your radio stream because I'm hearing myself.
Oh okay.
I don't know why I'm hearing myself.
Go ahead and say what you want to say.
Oh I'm sorry.
I wanted to say that I've been here for a whole seven years.
Well off and on.
And I'm putting in my headphones so you don't hear yourself.
Yay.
Give me a second.
Dang it.
Alright.
I wanted to say that
I enjoy listening to you guys.
When I came back from
Rhode Island and I was starting to get into
Dance Dance Revolution
I found you guys on
Live 365 and
I started listening
and I met a lot of good friends like
Richie which is
you know
I forget his name
while here.
I've met Junami and
I just stayed for a long time.
And if you guys weren't here
I wouldn't have started, had the
inspiration to start this ingenious radio.
We're just still going by the way.
Congratulations on that.
I actually was, I mean this is going to sound terrible
but I knew you guys had started the show
or the station. I knew it was kind of like
you know a spin off of what had
been going on at OLR but I actually thought
it stopped during the time
we were doing all games but apparently it hadn't.
It's still going.
Yep. We're still doing. Congrats on that.
You guys have got to be getting up to like
eight or nine years yourselves.
No. Really?
Probably about four or five maybe.
I thought it was more than that. Alright.
We've been around for a while. I started on Live 365
back in the day
and like I was just starting it
and I was like huh.
Maybe if I, and then Jaded kind of
like took over from there and
created like a solid stream and everything.
I ask him every now and then if I can
start my own stream you know
stream on the station
and he lets me every now and then
but I haven't gotten contact with him
for like a few months but I do too.
I think one of the best comments we ever
get on the show about
doing the show is that you know you guys
because of you guys I kind of
figured out how to do my own podcast or
I learned that any idiot can podcast
because you guys do it so I started
my own show and believe it or not that's actually
like you know what they say imitation
is the finest form of flattery.
Not to say that everybody's copying us because
I don't think they are but just the fact that
we're empowering people to let their own voices
be heard means a lot
and it's a great compliment. It really is.
Yeah.
Thank you for being around. If you
weren't around I would never
have any friends from the DDR
universe. I've been friends with
Junami for over seven years.
Wow. Well congrats and
thank you for listening and being here
with the show. Do you have anything else you want to share
tonight? I love you guys.
Mwah. Heart heart heart heart.
Hold on hold on somebody else wants to send
kisses. Here he is.
There you go.
Alright. Have a great night
uni. Bye. Bye.
I don't even have to give the number. The calls just keep coming in.
Hi you're on Orange Tons Radio. Who's this?
Hello.
Hello and let me just say
if you're not getting through
on Skype it's never
been this busy on the phone so just keep
trying. We'll get to you eventually. We have
a good 30 minutes still to take calls.
What's on your mind SSJ100 map?
Not much. Just want to
congratulate you guys on ten years
of amazing work in our radio.
Thank you very much.
Well you know I was
trying to do the map and how long
I've been actually listening and I came up
with 2004
I started listening to the show.
Wow that was a long time ago.
And thank you for the holiday news.
The funny thing is
I didn't start listening to
all our posts. I think
I told you this several times that
I started listening to
a show that you would have on Wednesday nights
on lives 365.
Outside the Box.
Oh yes. Outside
the Box. Oh god. The spinoff
shows. Before there
was Horde House
there were shows, spinoff shows
on the Orange Tons
Radio network. Yes I
remember Outside the Box very well.
Which is kind of you know the prerequisite
to the video game show
that this became.
In a way yeah.
I never really thought about it that way
which I know sounds weird but you're right.
We kind of
started doing the general gaming
chat there. I think I kind of always
had the fire in me
to do like a general gaming show
and like I think maybe subconsciously
I kind of knew that's where this show was headed.
So that's why we had Outside the Box.
I think you know back then
it was you
DDR Angel and Wanky Style
kind of thing.
So
yeah now that's what I started with.
I was originally
introduced to the show by Sephora 12
16
who
you know
who caught on to it from
DDR Freak re-broadcasting
the show.
Oh yeah DDR Freak.
Yeah they re-broadcast it.
They re-broadcast it.
Like that.
SSJ 100 Matt I have something special
just for you.
Since you brought up old memories
here's a really old memory.
You ready?
It is Wednesday night.
You are tuned in to Outside the Box
live on Orange Lounge Radio.
Outside the Box
is a show dedicated to
video game news, reviews
and all the other randomness
you might discover
Outside the Box.
To interact live with our show
check out our website at
www.orangeloungeradio.com
Check out the chat room
and interact with us links.
And now here are your hosts
Sky, Rice Princess
and Wanky Style.
I remember the one
cause I used to play
Final Fantasy 11 right next to you guys
on that.
It was
Final Fantasy 7
where you guys were playing One Winged Angel
or whatever.
MURDER!
Yeah that was a good memory.
You know you bring up a good point
that really was
I mean especially as you listen to the intro
it's about video games
and all the randomness outside the box.
That's kind of this fucking show
now.
So in a way Outside the Box took over
you make a damn good point.
Yeah.
Well most of all you know
all of that has always been about the community
the fans and everything
and I think over the past ten years
we've kind of grown to a really nice community.
We've
gotten friends involved in the show
I mean I've got
I've told a couple of people
and now you guys
while we are
going to have a dream game about you
guys coming out.
So you know
I've always said tell a friend
and it's true
tell a friend
and the show keeps getting bigger and bigger.
That's right and then it funds my future trips
to New York which I'm trying to get back to
but $800 will go a long way
and get me back to New York. No I'm kidding
but I will be trying to get back to New York
with my own money very soon so that will be awesome.
It's true you know
I want to jump on the bandwagon of donations
and
next time I see
any of you guys
I'll buy you a beer or
probably in your case red mango
or pinkberry.
I'll take free beer
and free yogurt.
And I will always exchange holiday cards with you.
That's true.
Alright well thank you so much for your
support SSG100M. It was a pleasure
meeting you a couple times and
I'm sure I'll see you guys again
up in New York. Absolutely.
Alright take care buddy.
You know without SSG100M
I want to say without him
I think he's the one that got YYR to listen to this show
and I see YYR is in chat so he can confirm
or deny this. YYR of course
is making the first
OLR dream game a reality
budget ferret tossing which I guess he's in like
push push push mode with it right now and it sounds
like it's gonna be
a big game. Like it's gonna be
one that people are talking about outside this show.
That is awesome. Cause it's
gonna be awesome. We're gonna do all we
can to make bungee ferret tossing a success.
You know what I actually have
to thank SSG100M for having
a hand in helping me with my
conversion. Oh
that's true. That is that's there
we go. That's the big thing you went through personally.
Yeah. On this show.
Well I did get married. Oh yeah
there's that too. Eh that's no
big deal. I'm just kidding.
Alright um
I mean I got married too.
I'm not making a big deal out of it. I got
I had like four boyfriends
alright listen
but this one's the best one
obviously. I agree.
Me too. Alright let's move on.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
Hello.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's
this? This is Rama from
Indonesia. Whoa
we got a call from Indonesia tonight?
Yes. I
recognize your name from Twitter. I'm
happy you're listening live. What's up
buddy? Yeah
it's fun. It's nice to talk to
you finally because I've been here
for you know like um
since 06 I guess.
Oh my gosh. Well to what do
we owe this phone call tonight?
Yeah so I just want to say
that you know maybe I'm the
father's caller.
I did enjoy everything
that you know even though I'm blind
personally I can enjoy everything
that you've done. I'm
especially lucky and all
of that kind of joke
it's nice. Unfortunately
because of the distance you're breaking up really
bad and we're having a hard time hearing you but
I think I heard something about and I
know this is true about you from Twitter and everything
that you are a blind gamer and
you know what's funny is that we've had a couple
you're not the only one which is funny
we've had a couple blind gamers that I've
heard from from Twitter and we've gotten emails as
well and um it's really
it's really
humbling in a way because you know
sometimes we take things for granted
like you know sight
you know that not everybody has
and I
I'm so happy that we get to kind of deliver
something that you don't need that
for to be able to participate in this
program. I
it's just a
it's a really humbling
how big am I in this universe type of feeling
I can't explain it but it's
it's amazing and thank you thank you for that
and for sharing that with us
absolutely just
would like to say happy birthday and
enjoy the life
thank you thank you thank you so much
oh my gosh and please
keep sending us more videos of you playing
Chrono Trigger songs cause that was great
alright take care buddy
give everyone
in Indonesia hugs for us the whole country
get started
you know what time is it over there right now that's what I'd like to know
alright we got another call coming in hi you're on Orange Song Radio
who's this
hello guys can you hear me hello we can hear you
hi who's this wow
this is DDR Dollar Bill
DDR Dollar Bill what is up buddy
hello hey
not much uh just first off
I want to wish you guys a happy
10 year anniversary since
you're wondering if your podcast I know has been around
for 10 years
we are finally snatching the crown
of we are the longest running video game
podcast on the internet we've done some heavy
research and we don't
think anybody has been around
right now anyway as long
as we have
you know it's a nice feather to put in our hat
um but what we don't want
to do is we don't want to be all like
well we're the best
cause we've been around that long cause that's
not the impression we want to give there's a lot
of great great shows out
there and you know just the other day I was
kind of talking on twitter with uh
video game outsiders you know I brought them up on the show plenty
of times I think they're a great show they have a
very similar chemistry to what we have here
except they kind of like whereas
our foundation is DDR
they were an adult gaming community
that played like the Tom Clancy games and some shooter
games so obviously a very different type
of thing but they were talking about like wow
we've been around for 7 years but
I guess they had to correct somebody like oh yeah
OLR's been around longer but I'm like dude don't
sell yourselves short what you guys have accomplished
in 7 years is amazing
most shows don't get to
6 months or 1 year
and you know to have your
own community and all that is just
it's an amazing
feeling it really is so anyway
that's exactly the reason why
I try to listen to you guys
as much as I can because
it's mostly the community that actually has
me hooked on it I've met
a lot of great people on there
some in real life and some I wish
I could meet in real life one day
you know I've met some
I knew DJ Ramus from a while back
from some of the conventions I finally
got to meet actually I got to hang out with Misty
a little bit longer and take a train ride with her which was fantastic
I got to meet
some of the other people like the
Effective Candy way back in the day
and Gamer Girl is one of my closest
friends now and even
Jamie it's like so I don't talk to her
I still consider her really cool and
one of the people I admire the most
aww
now I'm gonna cry
oh someone's chopping onions in the
OLR studios oh shut up
oh just wait till October dude
what's in October
oh yeah there's a
train gathering I'm hanging out
with Misty for that one in Philly
that's awesome just to know that like this
show made people like want to hang out
is so cool
and just we really need to make
an effort to get to more conventions and
do these like especially packs because that's
you know that's the one that all the fans want to get to
and just like try to get people together and just like
hey let's let's go do
what this show
was think about it
this show is because we used to go to the
arcades and play video games and talk shit
so let's get together IRL
play video games and talk shit
exactly
oh my god did you see that guy
Rob holding onto the bar
what you did this week
I forgot I mentioned um
well I didn't play it but I installed Step
maybe on my laptop mainly because
I was looking for sound files from 4th Mix
but I couldn't find them but uh
yeah
I have to admit when I was playing
DDR this week cause I did play Max 2
and I played Disney Rave once each
and I have to admit there was a part of me
that even though that dance pad was ass
cause it was from a golf land and one of the buttons
didn't even work there was a part of me that went
I kind of missed this
yeah well I was watching was it 4th
Mix Plus and 4th Mix
videos and stuff like that I'm like damn
I missed that machine was awesome
even just 4th Mix and stuff
Max and Max 2 were
pretty sweet and
I kind of wish we had like something cause like I was even
looking at some of the uh cause I never really
got into Supernova and Supernova 2
and like I don't even know what the hell they have
now it's like uh that
versus 2nd Mix thing and stuff
and there's like you know
I don't even know what
half of these songs are anymore
because I haven't played any of the
you know Bomani games in a while but it's like
that'd be kind of fun to go back
I have to admit there was a part of me that didn't want
to get up on the machine because I was like here I am
there's all these teenagers running around
all these people at the water park
here I am 34 years old
and I want to get up on that machine
and play DDR and make a fool of myself
but there really came a point where I said you know what
fuck em
hey man
I did the same exact thing um
when I was at Anime Central this uh this year
they had a 4th Mix Plus machine
and I got on
and I started
I started doing tech and then
I think through the 2nd song I said ah
fuck this I'm not a techie
so I freestyled the rest of the damn
damn stages
nice that is awesome
and also there in over
New Jersey down to Jersey Shore
there is an older but still
workable 7th Mix
wow
that's pretty cool
that's awesome that there's still lots of DDR machines
that are working everywhere you know I should make it a goal
to go play DDR as many places as possible
before it's a thing of the past for real
for real so
alright, DDR Tell the Bill I gotta let you go
to try to get some more calls but thanks so much for your call tonight
we really appreciate it buddy
no problem take care guys
bye bye
Blender he's a Blender
congratulations you guys
thank you
you know the only reason
I found you guys was through Bobby Black Wolf
show because I was a big fan of
Friday Night Gaming and I believe
that the partnership that you guys
have got
together now is going to
bring you to a much better future
and I'm so
glad to be around
seeing this you know
well you know Bobby and
us you know are very kind of like
minded I mean Bobby was a big music
game fan as well if you
kind of look at our classic game of the week BeatMania
2DX Bobby will admit that's one of his
favorite games he even said in chat he would have
that game in his basement so there's a lot
that Bobby and us have in common yet we're
different enough where that our shows kind of
are different you know he's the very NPR show
we're the very morning room
waka waka waka type of show
and uh you know
we need a waka waka waka soundboard
but you know the two of us
actually compliment each other very well and I think
kind of professionally there's a lot we
look at too and you know especially
you know obviously it's no secret there's been some
big changes in the past year and there was
a lot that we were looking at going
what could we be doing better we kind of
feel like right now we're kind of
we're kind of riding a stationary bike
right now we're doing our things
we're burning calories we ain't going anywhere
so how can we take
this to the next level and you know that's
Bobby's a great business partner
in that regard and shit I mean
look at what he has done with vog network
dot com look at that website
that is in a month
I mean it's amazing
so and you
know and I wouldn't have been listening to your show
without him and I'm so
glad that I stumbled upon it unfortunately
during my
my current situation at the time
when I first started listening to
Bobby I wasn't able to hear your
show but now that I'm more involved with it I'm
just like so glad to be
a part well thank you
we're happy to have you here
the vog network clubhouse and all that
and I still have an open
invitation for you guys if you ever pass
through Napa I have
a wine
tour for you set up
to where I'm going to point out the places
for you guys to go and you guys are
all going to have a good time well I went
I bet JV Mon wishes he'd known that
the other day when he went out there testing
I'd be down for that as long as someone
you know carrying me by the time we're
done yeah I would have to get a DD
but if we could figure that out I'm not a fan
of wine. Jamie trust me I know the bus
schedule so you'll be alright
well we might have to take you up
on that Sunday because you know what I love
more than video games
booze drink responsibly
alright
well congratulations here's
another ten years you guys take care
alright and game good
alright we're going to do our best buddy thanks so much
and thanks again
for the vog network clubhouse
you know that shit is epic
you know what Rob?
go ahead Dark Soccer first
in the article that
Tara wrote on Geek Life there's actually a link
to
the one I wrote for Orange Downs Radio
back in the day that talked about our first few shows
so I relinked that in the chatroom
yes very cool
speaking of the clubhouse I was trying to visit the clubhouse
yesterday
I'm so glad I've never come back
to home because I tried
you know I downloaded the new client
and which I'm pissed off
because it didn't fucking save my crazy
hobo Santa
which is weird
so I had a new character so I was like
okay I'm going to check out the clothes in there
crash okay fine
I'm not going to check out the clothes relaunch the whole thing again
I'm going to try altering my appearance
crash again so I'm like fuck this
I'm not coming back to home
we got another call coming in I want to get to but let me just say this
I think home would benefit greatly if they would just
force you to do a 2 gig download
up front I mean there's just so much
buffering and loading
and you know it's just that's the one
drawback it's not as
smooth it's not
as seamless that's what I'm looking for of an experience
as it ought to be and if it was
that seamless experience I think home would
be the thing everybody's talking
about but certainly it has its fans
you know and I think because of
the environment that it does provide it's
kind of similar to Second Life but for gamers anyway
I won't get too far into that let me go to the phones
Hi you're on Orange Lawn's radio who's this?
It's the one and only Ranma
Hey Ranma what's up you finally got through
Yes cause you know you can't have an anniversary show
without me doing the toast
Oh you missed us with
the wine already but I guess
I have some grapefruit soda
for you buddy
Of course you know cause this year
it's ten years
ten great years of friendship which is
an awesome thing cause you know why?
Friends rock? Friends give you money when you're
poor? Yes my friendship is magic don't forget
Ugh die
Hehehe
But I have here
three drinks I have a Loki
I have a Jamie
and I have a Rob
Now the first drink I dedicate to Loki
is a shot of very
strong honey mead
because he is straight forward
to the point we'll say what he
has to say and in the end
Honey Badger doesn't give a fuck
And it burns a little going down does it?
Ah yes
Let's just walk away from that comment
On the bottle
Ew he's eating that snake that's disgusting
Now
Next up I
have for Jamie
Now for Christmas I got this nice
bottle of rum
It's very potent, very powerful
and I only open it for
special occasions and close friends
and Jamie is my darling Oogchon
so I toast
this glass to her
Thank you Ronchon
I think it might have onions in it
I think it might have a little onion in it
I'm gonna have a beer for you when I get home
Make sure it's a Guinness
I'm not a Guinness but it's a Killians
Now
I have here a drink
that Ron would probably enjoy
because we made this at a con a couple
of years ago, it's called
Captain Fabulous
It's one part Captain
Morgan and two parts
Fruit Punch, thus the name Captain
Fabulous
I remember Captain Fabulous
and it is Fabulous
Oh definitely, oh girl
Do you remember the drink we invented at Fanime?
When all we had was the
bottle of pineapple Malibu so we
paid five bucks for twenty ounce
of 7-Up
That was so epic
We made that 7-Up last and we're
playing apples to apples
Oh hell yes
Drunk on pineapple Malibu and 7-Up
Oh Oogchon you are the party girl
And you saw me through
my horrible cosplay
There's no such thing as horrible cosplay
get over that, come on now
We didn't get to go to
Fanime to do like, because that was one of the plans
was well we're gonna do something at Fanime for our
ten year anniversary or whatever
I still have my costume from Halloween
in my car
I was waiting to use that again
Alright well Ron I gotta let you
go to try and squeeze in a few more calls
I didn't even do it, I didn't even take the drink yet
Drink it! Drink it!
What are you waiting for? Chug chug chug
Here's to you, here's to me
the best our friends will ever be
If we should ever happen to disagree, well
fuck you and here's to me, and it's going down
So I have to show you the other
toast
Here's to us, who's like us?
Damn few, and they're all dead
Woo!
Work's gonna be fun tomorrow
Have a DD
if you need it, alright Rama
You better sleep fabulous homegirl
I will
Happy Pride Rama
Right back at you
Okay, stay Luigi
Will do
1877 game OLR
username on skype is orange
lounge radio, it was gay pride this weekend
by the way, in San Francisco
and that brought up the conversation in the chat room
what if OLR had a pride parade
what would be the first float
and I said of course the opening
float would be the Bobby Blackwolf float
followed immediately
by Dykes on Bikes, because you
can't have a parade without
Dykes on Bikes, I'm sorry
That's what the people are coming out to see
I totally saw Dykes on Bikes
today at the parade
Did you?
Yes, there was a few naked
Dykes on Bikes at the parade today too
That's cause you're in San Francisco
home of the finest, alright let's take some more
calls, hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey this is Acteft
Hey Acteft, what's up?
Well, first of all
I want to again
thank you for 10 years of
magnificent online radio
Thank you very much
and thank you for being a part of it
I actually say
my words in Spanish, even though
you probably won't understand it, but
you know the message, you know the feeling
So
...
There it is
That was very nice, thank you
I wanna make a joke about how
we know that's a song you sing at funerals
but I'm gonna stay away from doing that joke
cause it'd be disrespectful and I think
that was
very lovely, no really, thank you
It's humbling
to know that it's a worldwide
show and we've even been complimented before
and I take great pride
in this, speaking of OLR Pride
I take great pride in the fact that we do try to
remember that we do have a worldwide audience out there
that we're not, you know, the show from the Americas
you know, there
there is a whole world out there
And thank you for doing a bumper for us
Yeah, for VOG, yeah
Yeah, no problem, and again, thanks
for being, well, who you are
and bringing us every week
a very good show, even though we have
we have had some problems
from their side and even on my side
it's still a pleasure
and still pretty
enjoying to listen to you
well, listen to you every week
Damn, I'm
kinda nervous because I'm excited
Let me put it this way, if friends
agreed on every single solitary thing
they'd be really boring
That's true
So we'll end on that note
Act Def, thank you so much, and enjoy
that Kirby collection coming out later this year
Yeah, I will. I thought of you when I saw that
Alright, later buddy
Later
Alright, 1877 Game OLR
username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
We have one or two more calls
coming in. I hope we get through them all
it's already after 9
That's alright, we can go a little long tonight
We can go a little long tonight
I gotta let the rest of that wine burn
off so I can take
It's already gone
I had to put mine in the fridge, I didn't want to finish it off
because I don't want to drive drunk, that's irresponsible
so
Alright, oh
there it goes, lighting up again, hi, you're on
OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hello, this is George Takei
Oh my
Oh my
What's up Georgie?
Oh, I just wanted to congratulate you
on your teniversary
Pretty soon this show will be older than you, George
I know, I'm looking forward to it
George, how do you stay so popular on Facebook?
That's what I want to know
Oh, I don't know
I guess it's just my natural charm
No, it's
Sturlock, hi, how's it going?
It's good, no, that was a good impression
I gotta say
Oh my
What's on your mind, Sturlock?
Besides, apparently, George Takei
No, I don't know
I've always wanted to do that
I don't know, a long time ago
like a few years ago, you guys had mentioned
something about George Takei
and um
He needs to be my gay daddy
Well, I thought about calling in
to the voicemail or something
and just leaving a message as George Takei
saying like, oh, I heard your comments
and I just wanted to say thank you
but uh, anyway
It's that George Takei
has a really sexy voice
That's just all it is
It's a sexy, sexy voice
It is
Ever since that one commercial he did
about the basketball player
you know, running his hand along the guy's thigh
I was like, that is a porn voice
You
You forget, when you hear George Takei's
voice, you kind of forget that he's 78
and you still want to sleep with it, you know?
I know, he doesn't, you cannot tell
by his voice that he's that old
He even sounded like that in his 20s, you know
He just always had that deep and
melodious theatrical voice
Oh my
and there was also reaction today
from a prominent member of the gay community
including this celebrity
who went so far as to tape a PSA
Heh
Heh
Heh
Heh
Heh
Heh
Alright, I'm sorry, that was quiet
but unfortunately that was at max
volume because YouTube's aren't
standardized, unfortunately
I hadn't heard that, actually, that was awesome
Oh, it's frickin' amazing, I love George Takei
But anyway, I wanted to
talk about how I discovered
O.L.R. Oh, please
Kind of an interesting
I came in at a weird time
I came in
sometime in 2007
back when
It was in that weird point where
you guys were being syndicated
on All Games but not
broadcasting from there
Oh right, yeah, we were the first affiliate show
on All Games Radio and
yeah, and again, Bobby was the station
manager at All Games at the time and you know
because he liked O.L.R.
and he knew we were doing the syndication
with DDR Freak Radio for a time
he'd offered it up to us and we were like
heck yeah, more people to hear our show? Of course
Why not? So yeah, that was
a great thing for us
So I remember when the whole
live 365 crap went down
when they were raising their prices
and you guys weren't sure what
you were going to do for a while
That is very true
But yeah
I've been, I don't know
I forget what my first
exact episode was
It was like
I don't know, in the 150's I want to say
or maybe 250's
But
I don't know, there was just something
about the chemistry
there with the three guys
and it was just a lot of fun to listen
to and very funny
and entertaining and I was just
kind of hooked
Well thank you for getting hooked on whatever
crack cocaine we must be offering because
people are just kind of like, I don't know, I just can't get enough
I just gotta go back and get another hit
I don't know
Now it's just like, I can't imagine
not listening to it on Sunday nights
It's just like when you guys aren't on, it's just like
well shit, what am I going to do for three hours?
It's a nice sentiment but it's also
a little bit scary I got to admit because you know
as they say, all good things
must come to an end. There will be a time when
OLR will end. I'm not saying it's happening now
or that it's even planned
but you know, shit happens
Yeah And we've had our scares
We have had many scares here
on Orange Lawns Radio
Somehow it always manages to pull through and we're still
here but you know, there is going to come a time where
we're going to have to come out here and say, sorry guys, it's ending
and that's
the impact that's going to have on some
people, I'm always like
well thank god we have an archive of
400 plus episodes that people
could always go back and listen to
When that happens, I'll probably just go back through every episode
that I have and just marathon it
I have a new friend
I have a new friend and it's somebody that Jamie knows as well
You know this girl, right?
And she loves
Beverly Hills 90210
And she doesn't want to admit that it ever ended
Not the new one, we don't count it
She doesn't ever want to admit that it ended
So she always likes to watch the old ones on DVD
Aww
We hope
It's just like with the new
Thundercats where
I don't know if you've seen the new Thundercats cartoon
but it's like
like most things
that are remade, it just
pales in comparison to the classic
80's cartoon
The same mutual friend introduced
me to a side a while back that's actually gone now
that's called Elijah Wood is very
very very very very very gay
It was all
kind of fuchsia colored
Nice
I saw her the other day!
I know, she told me about it. Anyway, we'll have to talk off air about that
because there's something else involving her that's happening
next week that I want you to be a part of
Alright, and you're going to tell me no
Anyway,
the philosopher in chat says
Don't ever end, I will cry so hard
Not half as hard as we probably will
Except for Loki, he doesn't cry
He'll cry a single man tear
Let's not talk about that
10 more years, right kids?
Yes
Oh, and I didn't have it ready
but I was going to get you with the vuvuzela again
I didn't think of it until like 10 seconds ago
Oh, darn, I'm so upset
that you weren't able to find that
What am I going to do?
You can try and squeeze in at least one or two more calls, okay buddy?
Alright, take care
1-877-GAME-OLR
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
Let's go to the phones
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey guys
Is that DDR Angel?
It is so good to hear from you
The brain's behind the EcoMaker
I know
Isn't he great?
Well, okay, only brain
Exactly, website
That's your job because you're going to bring back the other thing
You can plug the website all you want
I can't do that
I plugged it
Plug's done
That's the future, I want to talk about the past
But Garris
Okay, shut up
DDR Angel, you were here
for many of the early episodes
I don't think you were here in the very, very beginning
No, I wasn't
Pretty fucking close, all things considered
I believe you kidnapped me in episode 39
In the scope of
462 episodes
39 is pretty much the beginning
Yeah, well
But Angel
Shit, I don't even know what to say
Thank you
for being a big part of those first few episodes
I know, I think of you
in many ways as one of the
first really
hardcore passionate people about
this show
I still love it, you know, every Sunday
So, even though I might not be
in the chat room one Sunday or whatever, I'm still always
paying attention to tweets and everything else
too, so
I'm pretty much just like
Joe sitting on the couch over there
I just want you to know
we really appreciate it, because that type of
enthusiasm, which obviously we also have people like
Joe, Misty, JV
You know, we have lots of people that are
so enthusiastic and everything
I just remember you were one of the first
I always thank you for that
And I personally thank you guys also
because, not only for ten years of friendship
Thank you
But if it wasn't for you guys, I wouldn't have
met and married my husband and all that other stuff
It's just, you know, it's been a
crazy ten years, and I'm just looking forward
to ten more plus
The crazy thing about what you just said
is that you're the second person
to tell me that this week, and I don't mean to belittle
your story because it's amazing, but
Tiara was telling me the same thing on Facebook
that inadvertently, you know, because of
OLR, there was Geek Life
and because of Geek Life, there was Dan
So, kind of the same thing happened for her
in a way, and it's... She has a Dan
I have a Dan It's so
Yeah, and that in itself is cute, by the way
It blows my mind, and in some ways
I mean, I didn't meet
Alan through OLR, but Alan
and I probably got a lot closer because of it
So even my own life, this show has had
an impact on in that kind of way
It's crazy, it's very crazy
But great
And humbling
But maybe we can get together and see if you guys
can kidnap me again and I'll come on for a Sunday show
I'm sure we can arrange that
Let's work out the beats
Yeah, that'd be great
Anyway, I don't really have much to say aside from
all the thank yous and stuff I said earlier
I'm not going to be very interesting tonight
Big hugs for you and the hubby
and thanks for being a part of OLR's history
Hugs to you guys too
Happy ten years again
Bye!
That's the time she played DDR was
Maybe she's just Angel now
I don't know if she's still a DDR player or what
Rama wants to know where is
Salacious Pop since I brought Alan up
Alan is working tonight, he couldn't make the show
because he's working
Well, you know what, in this economy
I am fucking thrilled, he's working tonight
don't get me wrong, so
But I'm sure he would be here to say hello
and thanks for destroying the house while I'm not there tonight
I'm going to give just a couple more minutes to see if any other calls come in
because I saw a couple
But we are getting towards the end of the show
How's your headache doing? Are you feeling better?
I feel bad
I want to say thanks as well to
JV Mon because I didn't get to say this on air
because you did it during break, but you got us presents
and there's nothing I love more in the world than presents
and I got brought
Dunkin Donuts K-Cups which you can't
buy in California
The K-Cups are the little Keurig machines
We have the old school
Keurig machine which we don't use anymore
because it sucks
but the new one is pretty awesome
They need to bring a Dunkin Donuts over here
because we don't have a
well we have a Krispy Kreme but it's all in Roseville
I did drive there one time when I woke up
for work at 5 in the morning
because I'm like
I can't go back to sleep
I'm driving to Rockland or Roseville
I want a donut
Let's go back to the phones
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio
Who's this?
Chugga Chugga
Chugga Chugga
Choo Choo
It's Jim Sally
What is up Jim Sally?
Not much everybody
Happy anniversary everybody
Thank you, would you buy me?
Well I'll tell you what
In honor of the donations I will donate
one dollar for every minute
that this call goes on for
How's that sound?
Please hold
Alright I seriously I'm not going to be
looking at the time but that's hilarious
What's on your mind buddy?
Not much man, I wanted
to call in and share some of my
Orange Launch Radio stories
Please
I used to always listen to you guys
I'll listen to the Bobby Show
Everyone knows about the Bobby Show, it's a great show
He's the man
He is the man, I wish Bobby lived close to me
But anyway I listened to the Bobby Show
Then I would listen
to a little OLR on live
Because I have to always
work early in the morning
and maybe get like an hour into it
This sounds bad, don't take this the wrong way
Guys I love you guys, don't take this the wrong way
Listen, I would
go to bed listening to you and I'd fall
asleep listening to you every night
I know that sounds horrible, it's just because I was really
tired and I had to go to bed
I listen to you while I sleep
It sounds kind of kinky that the last thing you hear
at night is my voice
I do have fucking dreams about Loki sometimes
I don't want to say that
And then he's like, he's about to fall asleep and I'm like
God damn it!
Yeah
I was the champion wrestler in high school man
I'll snuggle you in ways you've never seen buddy
I would snuggle
As a caller three calls or so ago would say
Oh my
Oh that guy was awesome
But you know what, no wait guys
You know what's nice though, I had a baby
about a year ago
So I've been having to stay home so my baby would always be
shitty at nighttime
How'd you accomplish that? I thought you were ill equipped
No, I'm Jim Salley
I can do anything baby
This train is fully equipped
You know what I'm saying?
Let's not go into details
You know what I'm saying?
But when my baby would get shitty at night, I would turn you
and then I'd listen until midnight, I'd sit in the rocking chair
with my baby beside me and the iPod on the
table and me and my baby
for the last ten and a half months that she's been on
we listen every week
I don't know if I want to influence a baby
because that could be bad
I totally want to influence a baby
I already know how that turns out
It's nice having a baby, it's like a little padawan learner
teaching her soul and shit
She chokes the shit out of the cat right now
She's going to be ready when she gets
Fuck that dark side man, all the way
Fuck them light side bitches man
That's what I tell my baby every night
You grow up to be an ultimate fighter
I hope so, oh my god
My little girl is an ultimate fighter
Oh my Jesus
Can you imagine?
There's only two things I want from my little girl
But now there's two things I want from my little girl
Number one, please become an MMA fighter
The best MMA fighter in the world
Pencil hold motherfuckers to death, oh I love her
Number two, I pray to Jesus every day
She's a lesbian
Every day I pray
Oh my god, I say Jesus, I think of myself
When I was a little boy, when I was like a 15 year old kid
I was a pig, I don't want no pig boys
hanging around my girl
Fuck that shit, I want her to just be a nice lesbian
Find a nice girl
Get them married, and then when they want to have kids
I got two ovens to be baking babies in
Double that bacon up baby, bacon ovens baby
Double them up
The most interesting thing about what you've just said is it's clear
you've given this some detailed thought
I'm telling you right now
If there was like, you know you can
pay for procedures and stuff
Do your baby in vitro and shit or whatever
If you could pay to turn the gay switch on
I would turn it on
That's when it gets turned on, when the baby's in the tummy
That's when you gotta
sink those genetics in there, I would have done it a long time ago
I've thought about this myself
cause you know, Dan and I were trying
And I wanted to have a lesbian
And I'll tell you why
I'll tell you why, okay
I don't have to
pay for a bris
And number two
I
I think of all the money I would save
if I had a really dykey baby
Well you also gotta think about this too
cause you're a chick right, if you had a dykey baby and she was
more or less your size, boom, double your wardrobe
All of a sudden you're wearing the best
clothes ever, right, your kids buy them
You just steal her from her closet, aw man
I gotta say, one of the perks about
being gay is that like if I have no clean
shirts, oh Alan has a clean shirt, I'll steal that
Like it works out really well
Clean shirts man
Geez, did you really go for pride weekend this weekend guy?
No because you know I
usually don't because Sundays are the show
And I know this
I swear I'm not saying this to get pity, I'm really not
The show kinda comes
first before that, I haven't gone
I've gone to some prides
but I usually have to like run home in time for the show
And I wanna say once or twice
in the ten years I did cancel out
on the show that week so I could you know do stuff in the city
But you know I don't know, I don't get
it's all, it's
too many people for me
I get gay pride
like you know in the
60's when it was not
okay to be gay and it was something you don't talk
about and you had to hide it from the
world you know and
cops tried to arrest you because
you know you were gay
there was a point where we said
you know a bunch of gay people in a bar
in New York City said fuck you
fuck the police, we are not gonna take this
shit anymore and that's what pride
is really about celebrating is it's
like you know what we're gonna be
whoever the fuck we wanna be
and deal with it
Well can I share a story
not to be a complete downer?
Well you know what last week was
Alan Turing's 100th birthday
Oh right yes of course
Basically because of him we have computers
pretty much and
you know at the end of his life
it came out that he was gay
and his choices were either go to jail or go through
hormonal treatment so he killed himself
Go to jail? That's so
stupid what they would do you know
This was in England
Well what can you expect sometimes right?
They're pretty
old school over there I guess. It's dumb though right?
It's totally dumb like I'm straight
but I go to pride every year and I make a t-shirt
every year. Last year I had
I'm straight
364 days a year and on the back it said
today's your lucky day
That was a funny shirt right?
Like why not? This year I had
can a straight guy get some lovin'
and I just walked around my arms and I just got hugs from dudes right?
Just get some hugs
He's gotta go out because it's disgusting that this stuff happens
to our brothers man
and gentlemen, straight boys
I've said this a thousand times and I'll say it again
the more gay dudes there are in the world
the more boobies there are for us okay?
So help them out
Give them the pride week you know what I mean?
Put on this shirt and just go out
and have a good time. You can bring your girl
no one's gonna hit on her. So why wouldn't you
bring your girl with you?
It's the best. I remember the first time I went to
Gay Days at Disneyland
and there were two brothers and one of them says
I'm not but he is on his shirt and the other one says
I am but he's not
I've been to Disneyland. I think every day
might be Gay's Day at Disneyland. I don't know
This is when everybody's
walking around in red shirts
You either think it's a bunch of death waiting
to happen if you're a Star Trek fan
but anyway
Alright Jim Sally
I gotta let you go but I have loved
this call and I've loved talking to you tonight
and thank you for your support over the years
and whether your daughter
grows up to be an
MMA fighting champion or she
grows up to be Miss Canada
I know she's gonna be great
Thanks guys. I'm just gonna
go to bed now and I'm gonna
try to smuggle with Loki
and go to sleep
Goodnight. Goodnight Jim
Can Loki say it?
He went to the bathroom
Your call made him pee
I scared the piss out of him
Alright Jim
Take care buddy
Bye
Oh my gosh. Alright. I gotta try
One more call maybe?
We're gonna have to say no more
at some point. Hi you're on Orange Noms Radio
Who's this?
Hola bienvenidos a Orange Noms Radio
Caller we can't hear you
Caller we can't hear you
Can you hear us?
Could I just make up whatever you're saying right now?
Try again later
Echo one two three
kids. Echo one two three
Alright
Hi you're on Orange Noms Radio
Who's this?
Legend Zaku
Zaku
Hi
Legend Zaku
What is up?
Nothing much just having some
internet issues at home trying to
put out fires
You're the first one that got
cheers from the whole studio
just so you know
What's up buddy?
Really? Ah nothing much
I mean well aside from you
celebrating 10 years
it's kind of a milestone in the sense
that you can walk from one niche
genre of video games to encompass
just about every genre
and I guess part of it
was also evolving
you had to adapt to the fact
that you couldn't just keep
shoveling the money for
affinity and at some point you had to
become a bit more mainstream
and so far
At some point we had to go from
Charmander to Charizard
that had to happen
That is true
That's the whole point of evolving
and the fact that you adapted
you won podcast awards left and right
or you were at least nominated for them
Zaku we just wanted to be the very best
that no one ever was
And also everyone thinks you should be pounding
on your keyboard while you're talking
I'm not. I'm on my phone
right now. I'm still trying to
set up a new router that I had to put out
fires with. Don't pound the phone
So yeah I mean
we're pretty much my routine for the past
eight years
almost on a consecutive basis
except for the night that you were off
obviously that breaks the streak but
you get the idea. It was pretty much consistent
Like almost Sunday night
starting from like 2004 onwards
we're just like listening to you guys
pretty much that was it
just like going there, listening to all our
and that's become almost
a routine
It is like
as you were saying
It is kind of life changing
that you have something
that you
just listen to that you try to
out of curiosity
all of a sudden
it just sticks
in a good way
Well Zaku after all these years what would you say
would be your favorite memory involving
you and OLR because I know
that I have my favorite memory
involving you and OLR
Oh
Me and Kat?
Really?
You know what I mean?
Well
It's been in and out
but yeah I get the whole point
I'm trying to remember right now
Geez
I think
getting like interrupted
during a Skype call
a few years ago
man there's so many
it's really really hard to actually
nail down on like
something
and it's just me and Kat
and the whole thing else
Alright Zaku
no matter what I tell the other callers
you're my favorite
Yeah I'm right
Alright take care of Zaku have a good night
Yeah definitely
and maybe 10 more years
left upon you
We will try our best
We'll need lots of booze to get there
Hope to see you when I come to New York next
Thank you
Hopefully you make it out there
like soon
Date TBD
Alright later buddy
Alright
Alright
Let's go to more calls
Nobody asked for it tomorrow
Hello
Oh it's the intern
Hi Drew
It's the one who forgets to choose his audio input before calling
Yes echo 123 intern
after all these years
It's been a while
Can I be unfired yet?
If you write on the blackboard
100 times
I heard that your joke book got upgraded to the back of Naugahyde
I burned it
I burned all of them
All of the books
I just want to congratulate you guys
I know I've been with you guys since
episode 2
and it's been a long crazy ass ride
I wasn't even there
Joe has you beat by one show
How does that make you feel?
I know there can be only one
so I'm going to have to take his head off one these days
What was your favorite memory of OLR
because I know I have mine involving you
and that's when you broke the fucking soundboard table
God dammit man
I'm just giving you shit, Drew
Karyuki Revolution
anything involving Karyuki Revolution
God what was it
Episode 69 we decided to prank you with jelly beans and milkshakes
and you took a sip on air
the reaction was golden
Absolutely priceless
You'll have to go find that in the OLR archive
Geez, Drew
it's been ten years
you've been listening to this show for ten years
well on and off
I imagine
what kind of impact has this show had for you?
Well, for one it gives me something interesting to talk about
at conventions
but for that
you know, I'm not a really boring guy otherwise
And you did transform from being our young Republican
to being a long haired hippie
Sorry, I'm recovering
That's true
We really did go through a very
psychological shift at one point
too, it's kind of neat
We all grow up, most of us
Y'all do whatever politics you want
I don't care
this is a diverse place
I'm just saying that was a pretty big 360
Yeah, I think it's interesting to watch a person
go through that type of change, for sure
360?
I don't own one of those
Better than the Xbox lube
Alright, Drew, any final thoughts
before we let you go?
Hoping for many more years to come
and I'm really appreciating
the way Orange Launch Radio
is going with Voice of Geeks
and hopefully everything turns out
well, I'll still keep listening
I'll still keep phoning in
and I'll be a big part of the community
that
I mean, come on, it's been ten years, I grew up with you guys
You did, quite literally
Powerful thing to say
And you went to school with me
Yes, I did
We would often run into each other on the lawn
at ARC
The grassy knoll, which no shots
were fired at
Which is actually now sort of off limits
since they're building the new student center
Yeah, which I will never get to see
Aww
You can always go back and forth
Well Drew, thank you so much
for being a part of the show for ten years
and we'll see you next week
Definitely!
Bye
I think with that I'm gonna finally
close the Skype line
I am so sorry to those that didn't get through
but we're already coming up to two hours on Part B
in addition to an hour and a half for Part A
Guys, it's okay because of Garris
Yeah, and the fact that
Dark Soccer and Loki do have to work tomorrow
I took tomorrow off, but I have to go to the DMV
Yay
Which is even worse
I am so sorry to those of you that didn't get through
If you still want to leave some messages, you can certainly leave those on the Skype line
Emails would be great too
Mailbag at orangeonshooter.com
We will get back to them next week because I think it's important to say
Same shit, new week
next week
with episode
463
Alright, we gotta go around
and wrap up the show tonight
quickly, last minute stories
Loki, let me cover these ones that are on the list
and then you can add whatever you want to it
Just real quickly, some last minute stories
that we didn't get to tonight
Iron Brothers crossover, they're trying to make a real game out of it
There's a Kickstarter going on about that
And he's local, that's kind of funny
And he is local, so we kind of want to reach out to him
and see if he wants to come on OLR to promote that
Haven't done that yet, but we will
Apparently reskinning the characters, but saying
it's not just a reskinning, they want to do
vertical levels as well as horizontal
It makes sense because you put all this
time into a game and then it's like
well, I can't really do anything with it because it has all these licensed characters
so they're changing it enough to where
they can, like we talked about earlier
changing it enough to where you can release it without
violating any copyright laws
Or being violated by the copyright holders
Valve and Adult Swim
for Team Fortress, I didn't
Jamie, this was one of your stories, I don't remember
what this was about Yeah, and I already forgot what it was about
They're doing some sort of crossover content
thing or something, they didn't really say why yet
Yeah, it was like
a quickie I can only hope it's a
TV series because that would be awesome
based on like, you know, the meet the
whomever
Sonic Adventure 2 has been spotted on
Xbox.com, so that's likely to be
coming to Xbox Live Arcade pretty soon
Dark Soccer, are you a Sonic Adventure 2 fan?
Not really, nothing was as good as the first one
I mean, I'm serious, we tried Sonic Adventure 2
was not as good as the first one But there are
some fans that will be very happy about that
I'm sure And they're wrong
Jay's raising his hand over there, Jay, are you a big
Sonic Adventure 2? Yeah
If Xbox Live could take pre-orders
I'd pre-order it right now
Awesome
DreamWorks and EA are gonna make a need
for speed movie
Cause Fast and the Furious just
wasn't enough I'll be hiding in a cave
Very interesting, Capcom
plans to make some Mega Man 25th
anniversary news, but I wouldn't hold your breath
over Mega Man universe or whatever
Maybe announce a soundtrack that's in it Yeah, exactly
Yeah, more
downloads of the old stuff will be
coming to your way
Looking quickly at the Twitter
real quick, TigerClod sent us a couple stories
Marvel vs. Capcom
The Complete Works, 20 years of gaming
history coming soon
Hiromichi Tanaka has left Square Enix
Yikes
ActDeaf says
OLR will soon be named Pinkberry Lounge Radio
Virtual Phil
who was on Hoardhouse this week
says, if you had to live in a video
game for the rest of your life
which game would you choose? Pro Tip
not Silent Hill
If you had to live in a video game for the rest of your life
I would live in the Pokemon universe
cause let's be real, Pokemon are adorable
and you could just, you could teach them
to do your killing
I would say Mass Effect on a remote planet
with that
is like low on the list of harvesting
where you could cuddle with Garris
Yeah, I would live on the palaban
Loki? You know, I was thinking Saints Row the Third
but that's too dangerous, so Dead or Alive, Extreme Beach, Volleyball
Good answer, anybody on the couch
what game world would you want to live in most of all?
Oh god, Animal Crossing
Animal Crossing says Star Tetsuya
Jay?
Cause Cole's kinda hot
Good answers, good answers
Misty, did you have one?
Yeah, I agree with Pokemans
cause fuck, I picked my name
my nickname from it
Ah, there you go, that's true
Misty
You know, it just occurred to me that it would actually be really good
The
Doctor Who games
That's cheating
I'll hide on the TARDIS
I second that
Really want to give thanks to you guys
that all gave us OLR 10th anniversary
shout outs and retweets, there was an awful lot
of you, I can't name everybody
but I just want to say a big thank you to everybody
on the Twitter who gave
their thank yous to us
so that brings us
almost to the end of the show
but just walking in from work
can I bug you for a minute?
Hi, SalaciousPop or Allen is
home, how was work?
Good, happy 10 years to the OR
Thank you, anything you want to
say, cause we're almost at the end
anything you want to say about the anniversary or whatever?
It's a good show, there's tons of
people in the apartment right now, just came home and it's a
big party, but I knew it was going to be like that
When are all these people going to leave?
They're fine, they're fine
Okay, well if
Allen is home from work, that means
we really got to wrap it up and get on
out of here, Loki, any last minute stories you want to add?
Final Fantasy XI is getting another
expansion
Seekers of Alduin, and it's getting
a new class Geomancer
Geomancers are cool
I said a long time ago it should have got
Geomancer, so I'm excited they're actually getting it
So they're doing that, and that's just kind of crazy
because I guess it's
also been around for
a long time
and then Skylanders are getting some
sidekick characters and
exclusive Frito-Lay
things
Yay, so
you're going to get those in bags of Frito-Lays
and you get little characters that I think
are compatible with the game, maybe
Neat
And then
there is a
I don't know if it's a hint
or if it's sort of a tease or something, but
apparently there was
an image tweeted by
the creator of Seaman
that is a Santa Seaman
perhaps
hinting that there may be an
announcement or a game release
regarding Seaman
maybe?
That's been teased for a while I think, so that could be very
interesting
And I guess
Kim.com is
launching a new mega upload
site called Megabox
So it'll be interesting to see
what happens there
Megabox
Shane is bugging me to play Final Fantasy 11 again
to play Geomancer with him, and you know Shane is really
good at peer pressure, right Jamie?
I'm telling you
free to play and my life is over
Is it going free to play?
I wish
I already started
playing Lord of the Rings
I think by the time Final Fantasy 14 comes out
it probably would
Alright, we really have to
bring this show to a close and say good night
First off
over the past 10 years you guys have
tuned in and supported our show and we just want to
say thank you and
you know we never ask for your money
although some of you apparently out of the kindness of your hearts
want to help pay to keep it going
and trust me we really, really appreciate it
but you know all we ask most of all
tell a friend or 20
about the show and help
spread the word, give us a nice 5 star review on
iTunes or whatever pod catching site you use
Stitcher Radio, you can give us
thumbs ups and stars on, we appreciate that
and just whatever to help spread the word of our show
Before we go though
of course we have to get everybody's
final thought, I want to thank everybody for being here
in studio tonight
Dark Tetsuya, your final thought tonight
Oh man, I don't even know
I
I don't even know
10 years
you know
I did have a request though
Sure!
Is this DJ Melvis'
promo?
I think so
Yes, I can do that
I did an interview with him and he mentioned it
On orangelaunchradio.com you can see
Dark Tetsuya's interview with Mel B right now
and
I will play that by request
It's the least I can do for somebody who's been listening that long
They're talking about C-man in chat and AlphaKananagram
said Siri man
That might almost work
You know there's a bunch of people for the epic rap battles
There's people requesting
Siri versus GLaDOS
and the guys there are seriously considering it
Alright
To plug Dark Tetsuya's Where Are They Now series
on orangelaunchradio.com, here's his final thought
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF
and for an extra $1.99 a minute
my girlfriend Mel B can join us on all
the fun together
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am
why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to
and still the fun is just as great
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights
Kick it with me and you
just might realize the best things in life
are free
Thank you Rob
Of course, anytime buddy
JV Mon, thank you so much
for coming out here all the way from the Bronx
You're very welcome
I hope you had a great time in San Francisco and all that too
I did, and I had a great time here tonight
I'm sorry the traffic sucked
and thank you once again for the coffee
My favorite thing in the world
You squeaked a little bit
You had to go change your pants
I did, I did
Rob had special feelings in the pantsal region
Do you have a final thought tonight, Jay?
Now that you put me on the spot, I kind of don't
You're going to have to come back to me on that one
Well, you're just going to have to come back to the show
to give that final thought later on
So how do you like that?
I will return, there you go
I'll be back
Misty, thank you for
getting on a train all the way out here
I hope you had fun in Sac-A-Tomato
What's your final thought tonight?
To confirm your theory
Out of 50 milliliter bottles of UV cake
4 out of the 6 that I packed
plus the glass of wine
Yes, I am drunk by my usual standards
Whoo!
Party!
Good times, good times
Where to start?
Lowkey, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is next week is going to be interesting
because
apparently
12 AM Eastern Time
on July 1st
which happens to be in the middle of our show
is when the Jade Gate opens
and you know I gotta play that
Oh lord
Alright
I was ranked 159 last time
I'm going to try better
Go for 158
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I have to drive home
and I have to go to work tomorrow
but this is
going to be a very
I'm going to be dreaming in orange
I'm going to be dreaming
and by the way
reject false icons
Why not?
My final thought tonight is
thank you for giving a shit
I really mean that
and 10 more years my friends
Oh, Rob?
What?
Well duh
That's going to do it for another
episode of Orange Lounge Radio
for all of us here in studio
We will see you again
next week
That's
not the outro
Who did that?
Who did that when I wasn't looking?
Who did that?
Somebody
Somebody switched
or rude that on me when I wasn't looking
Bastards
Alright here it is for real
Thank you everybody
See you next week
Alright if you really
don't want to call it a night just yet
One more round, one more round
Here it is
and god I'm just really not prepared
tonight I was going to say here it is your fortune cookie message
of the day but I
didn't have it up
Fail I'm a failure what can I say
Alright let me
get to the show roll
I even forgot what it was What do you want to do next week?
Let's go to Pinkberry
I'm telling you
they should be matching grandpa's contribution
Here it is your fortune cookie message of the day
I bet you didn't know that
when I eat
beans
I say it in my own little cloud
Nobody
comes to visit
me in my
little
cloud
I don't know why
maybe because I'm
cutting muffins
because I love
beans
I love beans
every day
Beans are an excellent source of
protein
I love beans
doo doo doo
And thus
concludes another broadcast day
at the Voice of Geeks or VOG
Network from Bobby Blackwolf
who started it off tonight with a great interview
with the folks behind Resonance to us
and our 10th anniversary show
Let's Make next week and the week after
and the week after just as epic
Have a wonderful, wonderful week
We'll see you next time
The next show that is up on deck, Pod Culture
with a premiere episode tomorrow night
at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern
Be here or suck!
